BDSM Library - Pleasure Incorparated




Pleasure Incorparated
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allison and her husband go on a vaction to a resort. Just not any resort but one dealing in sex.PLEASURE INCORPORATED  
CHAPTER 1****  
This is insane. Allison had always thought that she and her husband
      were the most rational people that she knew. If she was so sane, how was
      it that she and Richard were on a plane going to a resort, and not just
      any resort but a sex resort. As Allison stole a glance at her husband,
she could tell that he was thinking the same thoughts.  
Closing her eyes, she thought back to when this whole crazy vacation
      started. It was just after she closed that million-dollar deal with the
      Robertson Company to supply all the spa and exercise equipment to the new
      line of health spas they were opening. She had known that if she could
      get this contract, it would be the most profitable deal the company ever
      saw. This would make her the top sales person with the company and in line
      for a promotion to World Wide Sales Coordinator. This was the position
      she had wanted from the start when she was fresh out of college and in
      the sales department, answering phones for someone else. With not taking
      a no for an answer and stepping on a few toes along the way, she had finally
      got what she wanted. She knew she should not have to, but she was not afraid
      to use her sex appeal for advancement. What the hell, she knew she had
      a good body. Both she and her husband had agreed, when they were first
      married, that if either one of them needed to use sex to get ahead, to
      go for it. One thing that they promised was that they would tell each other
      what took place if the other person wanted to hear the details. Allison
      loved to cuddle up with Richard in bed and listen to him tell about having
      sex with a woman he needed to get information from for a case on which
      he was working. How she loved it when he told her the graphic details of
      what had taken place under the covers. As he was telling her what took
      place, she would have his erection in her hand and she would lower her
      head and take it in her mouth. She loved performing oral sex as much as
      receiving it. Quite often he would have to interrupt his story because
      the two of them had gotten so sexually aroused that he had to put the fire
      out. When they were first married, the two of them would spend the whole
      day in bed making love, only taking breaks between for sleeping and getting
      up for something to eat. However, lately with the two of them climbing
      the latter of success, when they went to bed together the only thing they
      wanted to do was sleep.  
She worked hard getting this contract with the Robertson Company.
      The first thing she had to do was to get to know the three owners: Donna
      Robertson was the one with the money and who ran the company with an iron
      fist, Brian her husband, and Paul Robertson, Brian s younger unmarried
      brother. After six months of working this deal she had come to know the
      three of them on a first name bases. Donna was in her late thirties, and
      although Allison did not overly like her, she was pleasant to her when
      she had dealings with her. Brian was a couple years older, and not only
      was he the easiest one to get along with, but he had given her a few pointers
      on what the company was expecting to spend. Paul was the youngest of the
      three, and he was the person with whom she had worked the closest. He was
      the one that gave her the information on where the company planned on building
      these health spas, what kind of equipment they wanted plus a hundred other
      details. One late afternoon she received a phone call from Donna Robertson
      requesting that they have cocktails at a fashionable downtown bar. Allison
      went to the meeting feeling kind of strange because in the past if they
      wanted to talk to her it would be Brian or Paul to whom she answered.   
Upon entering the bar, it took her a few seconds to adjust her
      eyes to the dark interior from the bright sunlight of the outdoors. Looking
      around she spotted Donna sitting at a booth in the far corner. Taking a
      seat opposite her, she ordered a glass of wine when the waitress came over.   
&quot;We have come to a decision about who will get the contract.&quot; Donna
      said after the usual small talk.  
After all my hard work, I m going to finally find out if my company
      is going to get the contract or not Allison was thinking as she took a
      sip of her wine. Now she knew why Donna wanted to see her, but it would
      have been just as easy to have gone to the Robertson office as it was in
      coming down here and another thing, she noticed that Donna looked uncomfortable.  
&quot;I won t beat around the bush. Your company has the contract.
      However, there s one stipulation. The men want you to line up a woman for
      them for tomorrow night.&quot; Donna said with a little quiver in her voice.  
&quot;Yes, um, um. Okay.&quot; Allison said. Now she knew why Donna
      felt ill at ease. Why would the guys ask her to tell Allison to get them
      a woman? Once before Paul had requested that she line up a prostitute for
      him and Brian. It was when they were in Paris, looking at a site for one
      of their spas. At the time she had thought it strange that they want her,
      Allison Page, to get them one. Why could they not do something like that
      for themselves? Paul had made it quite clear then, that if she would not
      do it she could forget trying to bid on their contract. That had been one
      of the most embarrassing things she ever did. Finding a prostitute when
      you do not have a clue where to look was hard enough, but finding one with
      a little class was even more difficult. With a lot of luck, she had got
      them a little brunette in her twenties. If Brian and Paul wanted a little
      sex on the side, it did not matter to her but why not get two prostitutes
      she had wondered. One girl was expensive enough, though, and a hooker was
      something she could not put on the companies expense voucher. This was
      not the first time where she had spent her own money trying to get this
      contract.   
&quot;I ll line one up for them.&quot; Allison replied after she
      got over the shock of Donna s request.  
&quot;Not just any woman, they want you.&quot; Donna said with
      that same little quiver in her voice.  
&quot;I don t . . . &quot; Allison started to say.  
&quot;Be at my house at seven o clock, if you decide you want the
      contract. If you don t show, we will award the contract to one of the other
      two competitors.&quot; Donna said as she picked up her purse and walked
      out of the bar, not waiting for a reply.  
The whole conversation lasted less than ten minutes. As Allison
      sat and watched Donna leave, she could not believe what had just taken
      place. Laying a ten-dollar bill on the table, she got up and left the bar
      without finishing her wine. All kinds of thoughts were running through
      her head. Why do they want me and why at Donna and Brian s house? What
      is she going to be doing while I have sex with her husband and brother-in-law?
      This is weird, but the good thing is my company would have the contract.
      That would mean the promotion that I expect. Am I willing to lower myself
      to be a whore for a night? I have to admit the guys are good looking and
      they do keep themselves in good shape. Even Donna, at close to forty years
      of age has a body of a woman in her late twenties. What will Richard say
      when I tell him what the cost of getting the contract will be. She already
      knew what Richard s reply would be.  
She drove home after she left the bar. Although it was still early,
      she was not going back to work. Picking up her cell phone, once she was
      on the highway and driving out of the city, she called her husband at work.
      As usual Richard was unavailable to take her call but she did leave a message
      with his secretary.  
&quot;I got good news on the Robertson deal. Come home right after
      work.&quot; Allison dictated to April, Richards secretary.  
During the drive home she knew what she was going to do and she
      knew that Richard would tell her to go for it. After four years of marriage
      she was going to have an affair, not with just one man but two. Just thinking
      about it was giving her shivers up her back. She should be ashamed of herself.
      The crotch of her panties was wet from being sexually aroused at the thoughts
      going around in her head. Imagine, it is me that they want. She had worked
      too long and hard to get this deal. She would be damned if she was going
      to let a little problem like getting laid destroy her chances for advancement.  
 I wonder what it will be like to have two men making love to you
      at the same time. She was thinking. Hell I m getting wet just thinking
      about it.    
CHAPTER 2****  
When Richard came home from work, she was sitting in the den with
      a drink in her hand.   
&quot;Pour yourself a drink, dear. I got something I have to tell
      you.&quot; Allison said after Richard gave her a kiss.  
Richard took the news that she was to be a hooker for the night
      just as she figured he would. Nevertheless, what surprised her was when
      he took the unfinished drink out of her hand and belted down his drink
      in one gulp and started to lead her upstairs to the bedroom.  
&quot;If you re going to make love to two men, you re going to
      need some practice.&quot; Richard said as they walked up the stairs with
      him leading the way.  
&quot;You little vixen. You been already thinking about tomorrow
      night.&quot; Richard remarked as his hand went up her dress and contacted
      the crotch of her wet panties.  
&quot;Well, I have been wondering how I m going to satisfy two
      healthy men.&quot; She groaned as Richards finger pushed aside the fabric
      of her panties and ran his finger over her vulva.  
That night she and Richard made love as if they were first married.
      He did not even wait until they were undressed. No sooner were they in
      the bedroom when he pulled down his pants and underwear and forced her
      to her knees. He did not need too much force to get her on her knees and
      within seconds she had his hard erection in her mouth. She loved the feeling
      of a man in her mouth. The incredible sensation that would come over her
      as she sucked on a man s penis was strong enough at times that she would
      only need to run a finger over her clit to have an orgasm. However, instead
      of him letting her reach down to relieve her sexual need by herself, he
      grabbed her hands and held them above her head in his strong grasp. This
      was what she liked about Richard. He was the dominant one. With her head
      tilted up and her lips firmly around his enlarged penis, he used her mouth
      as a vagina thrusting back and forth. With his one hand holding hers, he
      reached down with his other hand and withdrew his penis from her mouth
      and jokingly slapped her around her face.  
She opened her mouth wider as the first discharge from Richard
      s aroused erection hit her on the cheek. Shoving his manhood back into
      her mouth, she gladly swallowed his remaining pent up passion.  
&quot;You re not going to get off that easy.&quot; Richard said
      as he laid her on the bed. As he was stripping off his clothes, she did
      the same. Spreading her legs, Richard crawled between them and lowered
      his head and gently teased her sensitive vagina with his tongue. Calling
      out his name as she cupped her breasts in her hands. She felt herself reach
      the peek of orgasm before Richard stopped his oral lovemaking by trailing
      his tongue up her body until his lips meet hers in a passionate kiss. She
      reached between their bodies and directed his manhood where it belonged.
      With his chest squashing her sensitive breasts, she wrapped her legs around
      his back as he started to drive deeper into her.  
&quot;Fuck me. Fuck me. Drive that cock. Oh, fuck me. Richard.&quot; Allison
      moaned into his ear.  
She normally would not use those words unless she was lost in sex.
      Besides talking dirty to Richard when he was making love to her turned
      him on. This was what she liked, a hard penis driving deep inside her.  
&quot;You little tease.&quot; Richard said after they had rested
      awhile from their feverish lovemaking. As he lay on his back, he cast his
      eyes down at her as she sucked his cock to another erection. Positioning
      Allison so that his head was between her legs, they started on their favorite
      form of sex. As his tongue traced a line along her vagina, she lowered
      her head to Richard s penis. Swallowing her husband s juices as his penis
      erupted in her mouth, she ground her pussy into his face as another orgasm
      washed over her.  
Taking a break over a glass of wine after making love, they talked
      about the adventure she was going to go on as they snuggled close to each
      other in bed. Letting her hand travel under the sheets she felt Richard
      s little man coming back to life. This time Richard grabbed her and laid
      her across his knees and gently but firmly started to spanked her. As usual
      when the spanking started to hurt a little too much, she would wiggle about
      until she would tell him to stop. More than once she had wondered what
      it would be like if he would continue spanking her even if she asked him
      to stop.  
&quot;Yes. Yes. Oh God.&quot; Allison moaned into her pillow as
      Richard spread the cheeks of her derriere and ran his tongue down the crevice
      of it a few times. She knew what was coming when he got her to kneel with
      her bottom raised. She did not overly care for this one kind of sex. However,
      tonight she felt wicked as she felt another orgasm built, so she gently
      pushed back and felt his organ inch up her back passage.   
She had taken the whole day off from work to prepare herself for
      the evening. By the time she had dragged herself out of bed it was just
      about noon. Thank God her hairstylist took her in on such short notice
      because she still had to get her hair done.   
 Poor Richard. It was close to one o clock by the time we had finished
      with sex and gotten something to eat and he had to be in the office by
      nine. Allison was thinking as she took her morning shower. Still, he did
      have a contented look about him, she chuckled to herself.  
She had taken great pains with how she dressed for her evening
      with the Robertson Brothers. Disregarding one outfit after the other, she
      chose the one she was wearing. It was a light pink dress with a revealing
      neck line with the hem line just above her knees. She wanted the dress
      to be just the right length, not to short or too long. Underneath she was
      wearing a half bra and a black garter belt with mesh stockings and high
      cut black panties. She felt naughty wearing these under garments, but as
      Richard watched her getting dressed he said. &quot;Those brothers will
      come in their pants when they see you.&quot;   
Looking in the full length mirror to make sure everything was in
      order, she had to admit that she looked pretty good. At twenty-nine she
      still had a good figure, her breasts were still firm and just the right
      size for her five foot seven inches in height. Although most of the women
      she knew complained about not having enough up top or having too much,
      she was always happy with the size of her breasts. Looking sideways in
      the mirror, she was not happy with the few extra pounds she had put on
      over the past year. It seemed like it all ended around her bottom. She
      would have to make it a point to lose the extra luggage this winter at
      a gym. Facing the mirror, she leaned a little closer to make sure her makeup
      was in order, then brushing her long brown hair out of her face she was
      off to get that contract signed.  
She and Richard had been at the Robertson house twice before, and
      both times it was connected with her acquiring the contract she was working
      on. This time she was on her own and as she rang the door bell, she heard
      the chimes echo through the house. While she waited with her briefcase
      in her hand, she had a moment of reservation over whether she was doing
      the right thing. Yet as quickly as the notion enter her mind, but it left
      just as fast. She wanted this contract and if she had to screw the Robertson
      brother s that is what she had to do. When the door opened, Brian surprised
      her with him answering the door.  
&quot;We gave the staff the night off.&quot; Brian said as he saw
      the startled look on Allison s face.  
Following him across the foyer, she knew where they were heading
      for. At the back of the house a little office was found where they could
      work when they did not want to go to the office. As the two of them entered
      the office, Donna and Paul were relaxing on the couch with a drink in their
      hands.  
&quot;We re glad you could make it.&quot; Paul said as he got off
      the couch and went to the bar to mix her a drink.  
&quot;Make mine a Manhattan.&quot; Allison said after Paul asked
      her what she wanted to drink. She needed a little fortification. All three
      of them were there because she needed all of their signatures on the contract.
      She already decided that if any of the three, mainly Donna was not present,
      she would turn around and walk out. She was not going to trust any of them
      to sign the contract later. Walking over to their desk, she took the contract
      out of her briefcase and laid it on the desk. Turning around so that she
      was facing the other three, she looked at Donna and Brian sitting on the
      couch to her right. Brian had his arm around his wife s shoulder and in
      his other hand he was holding a drink. Paul was standing at the end of
      the bar, leaning on it with his one elbow. There was a few awkward moments
      as none of them made a move to sign the contract. Finally Allison said. &quot;Are
      you going to sign the deal so we can get on with the other business?&quot;  
&quot;We will but we want to see a little intent on your part.
      Once we sign, you could walk out without going through on your part of
      the arrangement.&quot; Brian said as he took a sip of his drink.   
Apparently they trust me as much as I trust them Allison was thinking
      as she figured what she would do. They got me over the barrel, so I have
      to do something or their not going to sign.  
Walking over to Paul who was still standing at the bar, she stood
      in front of him and taking a deep breath, she slowly knelt on the plush
      carpeting in from of him. She was hoping she was doing the right thing
      as she reached up and pulled the zipper of his pants down. Directing her
      hand through the opening of the pants, she pulled his semierect penis out
      through the opening of his underwear. Glancing over at the two on the couch
      then taking a quick glance up at Paul she closed her lips around his penis.  
&quot;I think Allison is serious about our deal.&quot; Paul said
      as he reached down and helped Allison to her feet.  
&quot;Let s get this contract signed so we can go onto better things.&quot; Brian
      said as he held his hand out to Donna and lead her over to the desk.  
Allison was delighted with herself as she put the signed contract
      in her briefcase, now here comes the other obligation.  
&quot;Shall we retire to the upstairs bedroom?&quot; Brian said
      as he escorted Donna from the room leaving her and Paul to follow.  
After signing the contract, Allison thought that Donna would excuse
      herself and leave. Yet it seemed that she was staying as Allison followed
      her and Brian up the stairs.   
She was kind of glad Donna was going to stay. She had to admit
      she felt guilty about having sex with her husband, but this way each of
      them would have a man. Following the other two up the stairs, she felt
      Paul s hand caress her bottom. Glancing at Paul, who was beside her, she
      reached down with a devilish look in her eyes and stroked his erection
      that was still exposed from the incident at the bar. Observing the other
      two who were just about at the top of the landing, she noticed that Donna
      needed Brian to support her with his arm held around her waist. Thinking
      back to when they were all in the office, Allison realized she had not
      talked at all, and when she was sighing the contract, she was sitting kind
      of awkward. The way she was acting it seemed as if she had too much to
      drink, which was very unusual for her.  
On her first visit Donna had given Allison a tour of the house.
      She knew the layout of the upstairs rooms. Instead of going to the master
      bedroom, they went to a room at the far end of the hall.  
&quot;Donna calls this our playroom.&quot; Brian said as he opened
      the door and ushered the three into the room with a sweep of his hand.  
After Paul unzipped her dress and unhooked her bra, she sat on
      the bed and started to remove the rest of her clothes.  
&quot;No leave those on. You look more sexy like that.&quot; Brian
      said as she went to unfasten the nylons from her garter.  
Glancing up at hearing Brian s voice, she was shocked to see him
      handcuffing his wives hands over her head and fastening them to a rope
      that was hanging above her head.   
Donna was stripped naked except her panties which seemed to Allison
      to be more like a girdle. Sitting on the bed, Allison watched in total
      disbelief as the two men bent over and secured Donna s ankles with scarves
      to rings in the floor. She noticed Brian had walked over to a panel on
      the wall and a second later she heard the whirling sound of a motor. She
      looked on as the rope that was securing Donna s hands slowly pulled her
      arms taunt above her head.  
&quot;No need to worry. My little sex kitten loves this. Don t
      you?&quot; Brain said as he looked over at Allison who was sitting mesmerized
      at the scene unfolding in front of her.  
&quot;Yes dear.&quot;   
 This is perverted. Allison was thinking but she could not help
      watch as Paul unhooked the strip of material between his sisters-in-laws
      panties. She heard a moan escape from Donna as Paul removed an artificial
      penis from Donna s vagina part way before he replaced it.  
&quot;No wonder she had a hard time sitting and walking.&quot; Allison
      thought as she watched Paul and heard Donna moaning as he removed the fake
      penis part way and then shoved it into her body another three times.  
&quot;That s all for now my sweet. We can t spoil you before the
      fun starts. Can we?&quot; Paul said as he fastened the material of the
      panties back into place after securing the penis in her vagina.  
Allison could not help it, but she felt herself getting aroused
      as the men started to disrobe.  
Looking over at Donna, she heard her groan as Paul stood and leaned
      over and took one of her small breasts in his hand and sucked the hard
      nipple.   
&quot;Enjoy the show.&quot; Paul said as he gave Donna a light
      slap on her bottom before joining his brother who was now sitting beside
      Allison.  
The two men positioned Allison in the center of the bed, with one
      on each side of her. This was a new experience being made love to by two
      men. By the time they removed her panties after they had sucked and fondle
      her body, she was on fire. As Paul lay on his back, he positioned her over
      his erect penis. She had no trouble taking his hard penis deep inside her.
      Brian stood on the bed and directed his hard male organ into her willing
      mouth. Within a short time, she had her first of many orgasms that night.  
Time had no meaning as Brain and Paul brought her to new sexual
      heights that she never experienced before. They were demanding but gentle
      with their expert lovemaking. At first when the guys were making love to
      her, it felt kind of strange with Donna tied up observing the three of
      them. Nevertheless, after she got used to her being there except the odd
      moan, it actually made it more exciting with Donna watching.  
At sometime during the evening as the three of them were sipping
      champagne, she made a telephone call to Richard to tell him everything
      was okay and not to wait up for her. He would know by telling him everything
      was fine that she had gotten the contract signed and must be fulfilling
      her part of the deal.   
&quot;If you re a good girl and do not make too much noise, I ll
      allow you to have one orgasm.&quot; Brian said as he caressed his wife
      s breasts and ran a hand between her legs.   
Shaking her head yes, the two men undid her bonds and carried her
      over to a chair at the foot of the bed. Placing her legs on each side of
      the arms, Brian reached between her legs and undid the catch of her panties
      and removed the fake cock from her exposed vagina.  
&quot;My. My. You are excited.&quot; Brian said as he held up the
      device to the light and inspected the slick womanly coating on it. After
      inspecting it, he held it to her lips as her tongue licked the length of
      it.  
With the three of them reclining on the bed and looking on, Donna,
      without any hesitation, started feverishly kneading her breasts. Allison
      had never watched a woman masturbate and she found herself getting excited.
      As she felt herself getting aroused again, she lowered her hands until
      she had the mens rapidly growing penises in her hands and started to run
      her hand up and down the length of them.  
With her eyes closed and rapidly breathing through her noise, Donna
      spread the pedals of her wet vagina with the fingers of one hand and with
      the other hand pressed down hard on her clit. As she brought herself to
      a body wrenching orgasm, tears of contentment rolled down her face.  
&quot;Please one more.&quot; Donna pleaded as the two men secured
      her to the chair.  
&quot;If you insist on complaining, I ll have to gag you. Now,
      you don t want that. Do you?&quot; Brain said as he finished tying her
      arms behind the chair.  
&quot;No.&quot;  
Sometime during the night as she lay exhausted on the bed from
      the last round of love making, she felt the men get out of bed. Just before
      closing her eyes, she watched the men undo Donna from the chair. As Donna
      got to her feet, she turned to Brian and gave him a long and passionate
      kiss before doing the same to Paul as the three of them left the room.  
She must have slept for a couple of hours. When she sat on the
      side of the bed and stretch before coming fully awake, the early morning
      light was just peaking through the window. Getting off the bed, she stepped
      into her dress after discarding her nylons and panties, which were torn
      and stained from her recent adventure. She found putting on the bra that
      her breasts were tender from the previous night s sexual escapade so she
      eliminated wearing that along with her garter. She needed a bath, but that
      could wait until she got home and she also felt naked not wearing any underclothes
      but she would be home shortly. Entering the bathroom that ran off the bedroom,
      she brushed her teeth from a still new wrapped toothbrush that was laying
      by the sink and washed her face. After arranging her hair the best she
      could, she slipped on her shoes that were by the bed and than grabbed her
      undergarments as she left the room. As she tiptoed down the hall, she could
      not resist the temptation of looking into the master bedroom as she went
      by. All three of them were in the same bed with Donna in the middle and
      Brian and Paul on each side of her. Making her way to the office where
      she left her briefcase, she threw the panties and garter that she was still
      holding into her briefcase. Picking up the car keys that were laying next
      to her small purse, she went to her car and drove home.  
Arriving home, she ran a nice hot bath and laid back and relaxed.
      Although it was still early morning, Richard had already gone to work.
      She remembered him saying the previous night about going to work early
      to prepare for a big case on which he had been working.   
&nbsp;  
She had just entered her office and sat behind her desk when her
      boss came in.  
&quot;Where the hell were you yesterday and this morning? Do you
      think you can come and go as you please? I ll have your job for this, Ms.
      Page.&quot; Mister Green said in a raised voice as he stood with his two
      hands on her desk.  
&quot;I was getting a contract sighed.&quot; Allison replied in
      a voice that she hoped sounded pleasant. Mister Green and she never did
      get along. Whenever he could cause trouble for her, he would.  
&quot;Well wait until Mister O Connor returns from lunch and see
      what he says.&quot; Mister Green said as he stormed out of her office.  
When she came in, she had spoken to Mister O Connor s secretary.
      Mister O Connor was the president of the firm and she had told his secretary
      that she wanted to see him on an important matter.  
&quot;Mister Green is upset about you taking time off. He said
      something about getting a contract signed.&quot; Mister O Connor said as
      Allison sat opposite him in his office.  
&quot;Yes. Our firm got the Robertson deal.&quot; Allison said
      as she stood up and went around to Mister O Connor s side of the desk and
      put her briefcase in front of him and opened it.  
&quot;Do these mean anything?&quot; Mister O Connor said as he
      held her bra and garter in his hands.  
&quot;No . . . No.&quot; Allison said. Her face went crimson with
      embarrassment as she took the garments from him.  
 How could I have been so stupid and forget to take those things
      out of my briefcase? She was thinking as she took out the contract that
      was laying underneath.  
&quot;The main thing is you got the contract.&quot; Mister O Connor
      said as he shook her hand.   
No more was said about the incriminating things in her briefcase.
      Within two weeks she got the promotion plus a substantial raise. With the
      promotion she did not have to put up with the likes of Mister Green. The
      only person she had to answer to was Mister O Connor.  

CHAPTER 3***&nbsp;  
The next two months were a whirl wind of activity, with her new
      promotion to World Wide Sales Coordinator which was more of a difficult
      position than she had originally thought. When Jim Brown was with the company,
      before he was lured away by one of their competitors, he made the job look
      easy. This job required a lot of hard work and  
determination, but with help from Mr. O Connor it was getting easier.
      She was not the  
only one who was having a tough time. Richard was working on a
      case that was taking up most of his time. As the two of them climbed the
      ladder of success, the price they had to pay was with their relationship.
      It seemed to Allison that they never saw each other. If Allison was not
      working late, it would be Richard. There were a few mornings where they
      would grab a bit to eat together and would not see the other until the
      next morning. Allison knew they had to do something about their marriage
      before the damage was too great to repair.  
One Sunday morning the two of them, for a change, were home together.
      They sat and talked for hours until the morning was gone. She admitted
      that she had been tempted to get in contact with the Robertson s for another
      one of their sex sessions. The memory of that night was still fresh in
      her mind. Whenever she was feeling sexually aroused and if Richard was
      not home, which was happening more often, she would take out her vibrator
      to relieve her need. Richard confessed also that he had been tempted to
      look else where to find an outlet for his sexual frustration. His outlet
      for sex was the old standby, his hand. They looked into each others eye
      s and could tell what the other was thinking. Richard did not even take
      time to take her to the bedroom. Bending her over the table, he lifted
      her short tennis outfit with one hand while the other pulled down her skimpy
      underwear.   
Sitting around the pool later in the day, the topic of vacations
      came up. Both agreed that they needed to get away but now was not the time
      for doing it. About two months down the road Richard would have closed
      the case he was working on, and Allison could arrange the time off around
      her husband s schedule. Yet where to go. Both she and Richard had traveled
      quite extensively and both wanted to go someplace different. Allison remembered
      two weeks ago when she was getting her hair done, she mentioned to Julie
      the owner of the beauty saloon that she needed a vacation. Julie did not
      say anything at the time but when she went to leave, Julie escorted her
      to the door.  
&quot;If your looking for something a little different . . . in
      the way of a vacation, you might want to look at this.&quot; Julie said
      as she slipped a business card into the palm of her hand. As the doorman
      opened her car door, Allison slipped behind the wheel of the car and fastened
      her seatbelt.   
&quot;Julie was acting kind of strange. What did she mean when
      she asked if I wanted something a little different in a way of a holiday?&quot; Allison
      was thinking as she looked at the card Julie had given her. The card was
      completely blank, but for a phone number in the bottom right-hand corner.  
She never thought any more about the card until now. Going through
      her purse, she finally found the card in her wallet.   
&quot;She didn t tell you anything about where this place is or
      anything else?&quot; Richard asked as he looked at the phone number.  
&quot;Not a thing. Yet the way she was acting. I don t know. It
      might be worth checking it out.&quot; Allison said as she rolled over on
      her stomach and unhooked the top of her bikini.   
&quot;Here, let me.&quot; Richard said as he took the sun tan lotion
      and spread a quantity of it on her back.  
&quot;Mmmmm . . . I like the way you spread that lotion.&quot; Allison
      said as Richard spread it on her back before he slid the bottom of her
      bikini down and massaged the suntan lotion between the orbs of her bottom.
      While his one hand was massaging the oil in, the other was playing with
      her clit. As her breathing quickened, she knew she was only a heart beat
      away from an orgasm. Richard knew her like a well-read book. Just as she
      was ready to peek, he drove his finger deep up her anus   
&quot;God. That was wonderful. I wish you could keep you fingers
      there always.&quot; Allison said as Richard removed his fingers from her
      womanly cavities.  
&quot;This is more like old times.&quot; Richard thought as Allison
      sat on the edge of the deck chair and tugged down his swimming trunks.  
&quot;I think you might need some relief.&quot; Allison said as
      she took his hard penis in her hand and gently squeezed it.   
&quot;Go ahead and suck it.&quot; Richard moaned. As she ran her
      tongue along the length of his penis, she could tell that he was close
      to reaching his climax by the way he was thrusting his hips.  
&quot;Stick that big fat cock in my mouth.&quot; She mumbled as
      he shoved the first few inches of his manhood in her mouth.   
&nbsp;  
&quot;The phone number that your hairdresser gave. I called it.&quot; Richard
      remarked as he   
casually ate his desert. It had been almost two weeks since he
      called the phone number and it was only this afternoon when he got a reply
      back.  
&quot;Well what happened?&quot; Allison probed. She had a strange
      feeling about that phone number. She had heard gossip at the beauty saloon
      about Julie s sexual habits. It was only idle gossip and she never really
      believed it, but Allison believed that there is always a grain of truth
      in a rumor.   
&quot;The number belongs to a resort.&quot; Richard replied.  
&quot;Oh.&quot; Allison remarked. She was disappointed while hoping
      that there was more than just a resort.  
&quot;It s a sex resort. Dealing in bondage.&quot; Richard expressed
      with a smile on his face after he saw the disappointment on Allison face.  
&quot;Mmm. Tell me more.&quot; Allison replied in a sultry voice.
      She never figured in her wildest thoughts that Julie would give her a phone
      number like that.  
&quot;I can t tell you to much. The next day I made the call from
      work on my private line and got a message from a company called Pleasure
      Incorporate telling me to leave my name and phone number and a representative
      would get back to me. Later that afternoon someone did.&quot; Richard explained
      as he took a sip of his coffee.  
Allison sat and waited with anticipation as Richard unfolded his
      story.   
&quot;Apparently this Pleasure Incorporated deals with adult matters,
      such as Masters and Slaves. The person I was speaking to told me if I was
      interested in this form of pleasure, I was to leave my name and address
      with them and someone would contract me about coming out to our home to
      explain more about their business.&quot; Richard enlightened Allison about
      what he knew.  
&quot;Well what happened.&quot; Allison begged as all kinds of
      erotic thoughts entered her mind.  
&quot;I left my name and our address.&quot; Richard remarked with
      his arms folded across his chest and waited for his wife s reaction.  
&quot;You didn t. What would happen if our neighbors found out
      or our employers?&quot; Allison exclaimed. This was okay when Richard was
      talking about it but to have someone come out to the house.  
&quot;Relax dear. Whoever this company is, I have a good feeling
      about it. Beside you re the one who said it would be nice to go someplace
      different on our vacations. You have to admit this is unique.&quot; Richard
      replied.  
&quot;Did anyone contact you so far?&quot; Allison asked. This
      might not be as bad as she first thought. &quot;Probably nobody will get
      back to Richard anyhow.&quot; Allison was thinking before Richard replied
      to her question.  
&quot;Someone did. His name is David and he ll be here about eight
      o clock.&quot; Richard replied as he rose from the dinner table.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
The next hour and a half dragged by as Allison and Richard sat
      in the den watching a stupid game show. Neither one of them was watching
      the show, each was wrapped up in their own thoughts. Finally they heard
      the chimes and both arose to answer the door.  
Upon opening the door, Richard observed a man that was about the
      same height as he was and maybe a year or two older. Behind him stood a
      young woman in her twenties that had the looks and body to be a cover girl.  
&quot;Allison and Richard?&quot;   
&quot;Yes it is.&quot; Richard replied.  
&quot;Ah good. I thought for a moment I might have had the wrong
      house. My name is David or just call me Dave. I was the person you were
      talking to earlier today.&quot; David extended his hand to shake Richard
      s.   
&quot; Glade to meet you. Please come in.&quot;  
&quot;This must be your beautiful wife. I m glad to make your acquaintance.&quot; David
      remarked as he took her hand and lightly kissed it. Then he turned and
      introduced the woman he was with as Monique.  
As Richard lead the way into the den, David and Monique followed
      with Allison close behind. Something peculiar about the couple especially
      the woman. It was only a few minutes since their company had arrived, but
      Allison thought it strange that Monique had not said a word. She was a
      good-looking woman maybe about twenty-five or so and stood about five eleven.
      She was dressed immaculately, although the dress she was wearing was a
      little too short for her liking. Another thing she noticed was that Monique
      was braless and when she bent over, Allison was sure of something else,
      that Monique was not wearing underwear. The only piece of jewelry that
      Monique had on was a collar or necklace about an inch wide around her neck.  
Once everyone was seated with a drink in their hands except Monique
      who sat at David s feet with her feet curled under her, sipping on a glass
      of wine. David looked at Allison and then at Richard before he cleared
      this throat and started to explain about this resort. For the next half
      hour, he explained about a resort that neither Allison nor Richard had
      ever dreamed of. The only way a person got invited to this resort called
      The Spa was by a recommendation. When Richard asked who that someone was,
      David very coolly replied that a certain hairstylist by the name of Julie
      recommended them.   
&quot;Now, you do know the resort caters exclusively to dominants
      and submissives.&quot; David remarked.  
Both of them were speechless and could only nod their heads in
      an affirmative notion.  
&quot;Whatever your taste is, we will try to please.&quot; David
      replied.  
&quot;Do you care for another drink?&quot; Richard asked. Allison
      could tell that her husband was flustered about what he had just heard.
      Offering another round of drinks was his way of getting back his composure.   
&quot;Yes, please.&quot;   
&quot;You Monique.&quot;  
&quot;No. Monique had enough for tonight.&quot; David answered
      for her.  
&quot;Thank you, Dear.&quot; Allison said as he took her glass.
      She was curious what was transpiring between David and Monique and it made
      it even more intriguing when David leaned down and Monique whispered something
      in his ear.  
&quot;With Pleasure Incorporate, everyone that cares to patronize
      The Spa is on a first name bases. I don t need to tell you that all of
      our clients are important to us. Be it in politics, sports, movies or any
      number of enterprises.&quot; David was explaining while Richard returned
      with the drinks.  
&quot;I m not saying we re interested, but can you tell me about
      what you were saying about masters and slaves?&quot; Richard asked as he
      sat back down.  
&quot;The Spa operates four, two week sessions a year. Two in the
      winter months, one in the summer and another in the fall. All the people
      that are attending a session, their names are entered into a computer.
      This is where you make your choice of being either a master or a slave.
      A master or mistress has the privilege of asking for the type of slave
      he or she wants.   
A slave has no choice of whom their master will be. For the two
      weeks they will be at the mercy of their master or mistress.&quot; David
      replied as he looked down at Monique.  
&quot;If we re interested. Where is this place and what is the
      cost?&quot; Richard asked.  
&quot;The location, I cannot divulge until the person is signed
      up. The cost, for two weeks is fifty thousand dollars per person.&quot; David
      stated as he placed his empty glass on the coffee table.  
&quot;This resort is not cheap.&quot; Allison spoke for first time.
      She knew that she was curious about this resort and if she was not mistaking,
      the look in Richards eyes told the same story.  
&quot;By keeping the price high, we discourage the type of people
      we do not want.&quot; David was saying when Monique fidgeted on the floor.   
&quot;I hate to impose on your kindness but could Monique use your
      washroom?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;Of course. I ll show you the way.&quot; Allison offered.
      Walking down the hall with Monique following her, a strange thought was
      forming. Was Monique a slave? The way she acted. Why couldn t she ask to
      use the washroom, and why did she look up at David when Richard or she
      asked her a question?  
&quot;Some people don t like it, but it s for their own safety.&quot; David
      was explaining to Richard.  
&quot;What don t they like?&quot; Allison asked as she entered
      the room and walked over to her husband and put her arm around his waist
      and gave him a squeeze.  
&quot;I was explaining to Richard that if you choose vacationing
      at The Spa that both of you will need to undergo an examination by our
      company doctor in Montgomery. It does not matter who you are or how often
      that you have been at The Spa, everyone must undergo an examination. We
      want all our clients, be it a master or slave to have a good time without
      worrying about contacting some kind of sexually transmitted disease.&quot; David
      informed Allison.  
&quot;This type of vacation is not for everybody. Even if one of
      the couple is a submissive and the other a dominant, the rules of the company
      are no couple can mingle with each other while vacationing with Pleasure
      Incorporate.&quot; David mentioned as he watched Allison give Richard a
      hug, which he returned by giving her a peck on the cheek.  
&quot;Do you mean we won t be together, even if we wanted to?&quot; Allison
      replied in shock.  
&quot;No. Each of you will be given your own sexual partners for
      the two the weeks.&quot; David declared as he walked over to Monique who
      was standing by herself with her head lowered.  
&quot;You have been a bad girl.&quot; David said just over a whisper
      to Monique so that both Allison and Richard could hear.  
&quot;Can I ask a favor of you?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;Yes. What can we do for you?&quot; Richard replied.  
&quot;I have a small problem. You see Monique is my slave for the
      night and she needs to be disciplined for taking advantage of your hospitality,
      and I would like to punish her here.&quot; David asked as he watched to
      see what kind of reaction he received from the Pages.  
&quot;What did she do wrong?&quot; Allison asked.  
&quot;She knows that she is not to infringe on anybodies hospitality
      by asking to use the washroom. She should have gone before she came.&quot; David
      said as he waited for what response he was going to get.  
&quot;Go ahead.&quot; Richard replied before Allison could say
      anything more.  
&quot;Strip slave!&quot; David ordered as he went over and sat
      on the couch. &quot;A slave needs to be punished as soon as an offence
      has occurred or else they forget why they are being punished.&quot; David
      continue to say as Monique obediently removed her one article of clothing.  
Both Allison and Richard were speechless while they watched Monique
      remove her dress and step out of it and lay it over the arm of the chair.
      Just as Allison surmised, Monique was nude under it.  
&quot;Would either one of you want to spank her?&quot; David asked
      while looking at the Pages than back at his slave.  
Both of them shook their heads no to the question. Allison had
      never in her life spanked a person and the only time Richard had was Allison
      in their love making and that was only in fun.  
&quot;Do you know why you are being spanked?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;   
&quot;Over my knees.&quot; David ordered Monique. Once he positioned
      her, he raised his hand and connected with the palm on the smooth flesh
      of Monique s bottom. It was so quiet in the room that the first swat sounded
      as if someone had fired a shot. This was working out better than the usual
      interview. Mostly the slave he had with him would be demure but tonight
      he had a reason for punishing the slave.   
If Monique said anything no one heard her as David continued with
      his spanking. Allison watched as Monique s bottom jiggled after each stroke
      and as it turn from a pink to a crimson. She never knew that she was holding
      her breath until Monique raised herself from David s lap after he had administered
      about twenty whacks to her bottom. Normally he would have given a slave
      ten hard strokes for the offence, but tonight he had something to prove
      and decided she warranted ten more.  
&quot;Apologize to our kind hosts for being disrespectful.&quot; David
      ordered.  
Allison and Richard accepted Monique s apology. David looked at
      his watch and stood leave. He knew by experience that it was time to leave
      as both of the Pages were looking uncomfortable.  
At the door David slipped on his coat, then turning to Monique
      told her not to bother with her dress, just to slip her short coat over
      her shoulders.  
&quot;If you have any questions, you know how to contact me.&quot; David
      said before he walked out the door.  
&quot;God. Do you believe that?&quot; Richard exclaimed after seeing
      their guests out.  
&quot;Hmmm.&quot; Allison moaned as her hand reached over to the
      front of Richard s pants and tried to squeeze his obvious erection that
      was showing through his pants.  
&quot;And you re not horny? You little tramp.&quot; Richard said
      in jest. When he made a grab for her, she dodged out of his grasped.  
The two of them were like animals as they made love. Each had visions
      of Monique which fueled their passion. When Allison or Richard started
      to tire of their love making the other person would coax them into another
      round of sex. After laying beat from three sessions of sex, both lay defeated
      in each others arms as they fell asleep.  
Sleep eluded Allison so she waited until she heard her husband
      s regular breathing before she slipped out of bed. Disregarding putting
      on a house coat, she made her way to the den. Something that always made
      her relax was bandy as she poured a shot into a brandy snifter. She could
      not help thinking about the unusual evening her and Richard had. This is
      foolishness she was thinking as she felt herself becoming aroused as her
      mind pictured Monique again draped over David s lap and having her bottom
      paddled. Spreading her legs, her fingers teased her sex before two fingers
      entered her vagina.   
Allison stretched and opened her eyes to find that Richard was
      not in bed with her. Making her way into the kitchen, she found her husband
      pouring over some legal documents and drinking a cup of coffee. Looking
      at the coffee pot, she knew something must be bothering him. Richard was
      a one cup of coffee man in the morning and by the looks of the coffee pot,
      he had already consumed about three cups.  
He did not fare any better in the sleep department than Allison.
      He had awakened just before dawn to find Allison sleeping peacefully and
      had gotten up and made himself a coffee. There was no use in going back
      to bed as his mind was still pondering over the events of the night before.
      He could still see the look on David s face as he spanked Monique. David
      s face told the story of a man who was in total control. He had to admit
      that he was shocked that a modern day woman would submit herself to being
      a slave. Still, he could not help feel himself begin to get an erection
      with the thoughts of having complete control over a person like that.  
Both of them needed to talk and as they rehashed over what took
      place the night before, they voiced their honest opinion of it. After talking
      about it and if they wanted an adventure of this magnitude. The answer
      was yes. The only real shock was when Allison told Richard that she wanted
      to be a slave and not a mistress. As she explained to him, she was tired.
      She wanted someone else to tell her what to do and beside it seemed kind
      of erotic to be a slave. She blushed with embarrassment on telling her
      husband this but deep down she hoped she was doing the right thing.  
The next day Richard phoned David and started the process of booking
      Allison and him for a vacation with Pleasure Incorporate. Over the next
      two months Richard transferred the money and Allison and he spent a weekend
      in Montgomery to get checked out. They knew that there would be no problem
      with either of them having any type of sexually transmitted disease and
      the money was no object at all. When all the preliminary   
procedures were completed David revealed the location of The Spa
      to them. It was about two hours south of Mexico City. Also David informed
      them of the date of their vacation, which was for the first two-week session
      of the year on the last two weeks in January. As the time grew nearer to
      their departure date, Allison had some reservations about the whole crazy
      trip. At times she was ready to call the trip off but for the fact that
      she was not a quitter. If she started something, she would see it through
      and make the best of it.   
After the plane touched down and they had cleared customs, which
      was easy as they only had one piece of luggage. When she asked about what
      clothes she should pack for the vacation the representative told her that
      with being a slave she would have clothes provided for her along with anything
      else she would need. She and Richard walked out of the airport into the
      bright sunshine and smog of Mexico City.   
&quot;Over there.&quot; Allison pointed to a black limousine with
      the driver standing by the car holding a sign over his head with there
      names on it watching as people walked by him.  
Once in the air-conditioned comfort of the car, both of them kicked
      off their shoes and closed their eyes. The time was only ten o clock in
      the morning and it was roughly about a two-hour car ride to the resort.
      Just enough time for a siesta. 
CHAPTER 4****  
&quot;Good afternoon. My name is Peter and I am the director here
at the resort.&quot; Peter said as he shook Richard s hand.  
&quot;Please have a seat. I hope you had a pleasant flight?&quot; Peter
      continued to say as he resumed his seat.  
&quot;Yes it was a pleasant flight as far as small planes go.&quot; Richard
      remarked.  
&quot;Slave Allison. You can stand behind your Master.&quot; Peter
      said to Allison as he saw Richard pull the only chair out for her to sit
      on.  
Allison was shocked with the way this man had just treated her,
      but she stood and watched the men talking. She stopped herself from getting
      angry, she was not used to people talking to her in the tone of voice that
      Peter just did.   
&quot;I see by your papers that this is your first visit to our
      resort. We ll go over any questions that you have later. First let us get
      you set up in your quarters, so you can relax.&quot; Peter said to Richard.
      Then he looked up at Allison and motioned for her to stand in front of
      his desk.  
She was glad that the two men had stopped talking. Maybe now someone
      would show her to her room. What she wanted most of all was a shower and
      something to eat.  
&quot;You can disrobe now, slave.&quot; Peter ordered. Being confused
      that she heard right, she looked over at her husband.  
&quot;There s no use looking at your husband for help. Don t dally.
      I got more clients to see and I don t have the time to cater to a slave.
      You re here of your own free will.&quot; Peter said in a stern voice.  
&quot;Here s the contract with your signature. You are the property
      of Pleasure Incorporate for the next two weeks whether you like it or not.
      This can be your dream come true or you can spend the next two weeks in
      our dungeon.&quot; Peter remarked.  
Taking a deep breath, she started to unhook the buttons on her
      blouse. When she said she wanted to be a slave, she did not think it would
      be like this, and this was only the beginning. After taking off her blouse,
      she kicked off her sandles and unhooked her slacks. Looking at each man,
      she pulled her slacks over her hips. For some reason, she was getting turned
      on. It was embarrassing as she unhooked her bra, when her breasts became
      free of their confines, she looked down at them. Both sets of nipples were
      erect. As she rolled her panties over her hips and down her legs, she made
      sure that neither man could see the stain of her arousal on the crotch.
      She had no reason to be ashamed of her body as she stood with her hands
      at her side and glared at Peter sitting smugly at his desk.  
&quot;Now off with the jewelry.&quot;  
&quot;You bastard.&quot; Allison whispered under her breath as
      she unfastened her earrings and laid them in a tray that Peter had put
      in front of her. After she had removed her Gucci watch and laid it in the
      tray, she again resumed her pose and waited for the next command.  
&quot;Slave. Do you have a hearing problem? I said off with the
      jewelry. That means all of it.&quot;   
&quot;Please. Not my rings.&quot;   
&quot;You can take them off yourself, or else I can have them removed
      for you.&quot; Peter informed her.  
When she removed her engagement and wedding rings, she stripped
      off the other two rings on the other hand.  
&quot;The necklace also.&quot; Peter remarked.   
She had never in her life felt so totally naked as she stood glaring
      at Peter once she had removed the last of her jewelry.  
&quot;Send in Slave Rachael.&quot; Peter asked as he picked up
      the inter- office phone.  
Turning her head as the door opened, she watched as a young woman
      entered the office carrying a plastic clothes case. She was shocked with
      the appearance of the woman walking toward her. Not only could her looks
      grace the cover of any beauty magazine, her body was just as sleek. As
      the woman came closer, Allison noticed that the dress she was wearing had
      vertical slits running from the hem to the revealing neckline. Allison
      turned her head away with embarrassment as she watched one of Slave Rachael
      s breasts poked its way through a vertical slit in the green colored dress.  
&quot;Pick up your cloths and put them in the case. We will launder
      them by the end of your stay.&quot; Peter ordered Allison.  
After picking up her discarded clothes, she resumed her pose. Before
      she could do anything, she felt her arms pulled behind her by Peter and
      a pair of cufflinks fastened around her wrists.  
&quot;This is also yours for the next couple of weeks. Do you know
      what it is?&quot; Peter asked as he showed Allison a black collar about
      two inches wide. Printed in gold lettering was the words SLAVE ALLISON   
&quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;It s a slave collar. For the length of your stay with us,
      you will be compelled to wear it always.&quot; Peter explained.  
&quot;If I don t.&quot; Allison asked as Slave Rachael pulled her
      head back by her long hair while Peter fastened her collar around her neck.  
&quot;I would recommend that you don t try.&quot; Peter commented.   
Adding to her humiliation Allison watched as Rachael removed her
      belt and fastened the one end to a clip in the collar around her neck.  
&quot;Take her away.&quot; Peter ordered with a wave of his hand
      as if he was shooing a fly away.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Rachael replied as she pulled gently but
      firmly on the leash.  
&quot;Stop. You can t do this to me. I m naked. Stop this foolishness
      now. Richard help me. Dear God somebody help me.&quot; Allison begged as
      she was force to follow Rachael as she tugged on the leash. She did noticed
      her husband stand to help her, but was stopped by something that Peter
      said that she did not hear.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&quot;You were kind of ruff on my wife?&quot; Richard asked as
      the two men resumed their seats.   
&quot;Not really. However you do have to show a new slave who the
      master is.&quot; Peter explained.  
Being a master was something that Peter did not overly care for,
      he would have rather remained a slave like when he was younger. Yet at
      his age which would be forty-eight this June, there was little call for
      an older slave. Oh, he was glad that the corporation kept him around. He
      was still their slave and would do anything that they would ask of him.
      In his prime, The Corporation had trained him as a slave and also as a
      master. In his younger days when someone needed a slave for being a master,
      he showed that he could be an adequate slave for that role. Now he was
      in charge of The Spa.  
He had to admit that he did enjoy the benefits of his status sometimes,
      especially when a new slave arrived, someone like Allison.  
&quot;If looks could kill. I think you would be dead. I never knew
      my wife to be so submissive.&quot; Richard replied. He had observed some
      of Allison s tantrums first hand, he had even been on the receiving end
      a couple of times. Allison had always been used to getting her own way.
      This episode that just transpired surprised him, it more than surprised
      him, it left him shaking his head in disbelieve. Maybe Allison really does
      want to be a slave. He knew one thing and that was that he had one hell
      of an erection he tried to conceal by crossing his legs. He had gotten
      it when Peter ordered her to strip. She could still get him aroused but
      this was totally different.  
&quot;I can guaranty that by the end of two weeks your wife will
      be an obedient slave.&quot; Peter answered with a smile.   
&quot;Why do you think that?&quot; Richard asked with concern in
      his voice.  
&quot;There s no need to worry about your wife. I should say Slave
      Allison. I think she enjoyed the humiliation by the way her nipples became
      hard. It s cool in here but not that cool, another thing I noticed was
      the way she removed her panties. She did not want us to see the crotch.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe she was self-conscious. I know I would be.&quot; Richard
      remarked.   
&quot;No. I would say that if we examined them, they would have
      a nice little stain on them from her arousal.&quot; Peter was saying as
      he was bent down to retrieve Allison s underwear from the cloth bag. As
      he turned them inside out, it surprised Richard that Allison was aroused
      from her ordeal. After he held them to his nose to make sure that the stain
      was from her sexual juices, he offered them to Richard for his inspection.  
&quot;No thank you. I can see that my wife was enjoying her treatment.
      By the stain, I would say she was enjoying it quite a bit.&quot; Richard
      said after Peter had returned to his chair and put his arms on the desk
      and folded them in from of him.  
&quot;Can I answer any questions you might have?&quot; Peter asked
      as he looked at his watch.  
&quot;Yes you can. To start with you can tell what this place is?
      Your representative was very secretive on the location.&quot; Richard asked.  
&quot;Pleasure Incorporate runs a network of weekend pleasure houses
      around the world. No. It s not what you think. They have designed these
      houses for people who are masters or mistresses or slaves. About ten years
      ago, we found from our clientele that they wanted to experience their type
      of pleasure for more than a weekend.&quot; Peter replied.   
&quot;Isn t something like this against the law?&quot; Richard
      remarked once he had a chance to ask another question.   
&quot;Yes and No. This is why we establish a place like this in
      Mexico. We donate a few dollars to the right people in the Mexican government
      plus we look after the right people in the local government and police
      force.&quot; Peter said while watching Richard s reaction about the bribes
      that they handed out to keep The Spa running. The security department at
      Pleasure Incorporate had done a thorough investigation on both Richard
      and Allison even before the company representative showed up at their door
      to tell them about this little resort. If Richard were to make any trouble
      for them, the dirt that the security people dug up on Richard would ruin
      his career and most likely land him in jail. Allison and Richard were not
      the only people that they had dossiers on. Every guest that has been here
      has a file on them, in case they decided to cause trouble for Pleasure
      Incorporate.   
With Richard being a lawyer he knew that a place like this would
      be closed down within a minute if it was in the States. He also knew without
      anything being mentioned that they had information that would have disastrous
      effects for him if he mentioned this place to the wrong people.  
&quot;How big is this place?&quot; Richard asked. This place had
      his curiosity and he wanted to hear more about it.  
&quot;The Spa is situated on nine hundred acres of land and is
      surrounded on the north and west by a low ridge of mountains and to the
      east by a desert. That leaves only one way in and we have that patrolled
      to keep unwanted guests out. Security and anonymity are our main concern
      for our guests. If you re into golf, there are two excellent golf courses
      for your pleasure plus a few other recreational activities also for your
      enjoyment. We do try to keep everyone happy.&quot; Peter replied.  
&quot;I have to admit, with what I have seen and heard so far I
      m impressed.&quot; Richard said as he stretched his back.  
&quot;We also have one of the best masseurs in Europe with us,
      plus a full exercise gym.&quot; Peter commented as he watched Richard.   
&quot;Let s get down to the main reason I m here?&quot; Richard
      asked after a pause in the conversation between the two men.   
&quot;Yes.&quot; Was the only word Peter uttered before he sat
      up straight in his chair before he started to tell Richard about the slaves.  
&quot;We will assign you your own personnel slave to do with as
      you see fit, within reason of course, at seven o clock tonight in the arena.
      None of the guests will know who their slave is until it is announced while
      the slave is standing on stage. When it is divulged who their master or
      mistress will be for the next couple of weeks, the slave will walk down
      the runway to their prospective owner. This is what we call our slave auction.&quot; Peter
      explained as he thought of past days when he would be auctioned off instead
      of sitting behind this desk.  
&quot;Hm. Sounds interesting. However, what happens if for some
      reason I didn t care for the slave they assigned me?&quot; Richard asked.  
&quot;Quite simple. We will replace her with someone else.&quot; Peter
      replied when again he used the phone and asked for Slave Elaine to be sent
      in.   
&quot;Excuse me if I seem rude, but can I answer anymore questions
      you have later. I have another couple arriving shortly and I m getting
      pressed for time. Explore our premisses on your own or have Slave Elaine
      show you around.&quot; Peter was saying when the door to his office opened
      and a beautiful young woman in her twenties entered the room and stood
      meekly by Peter s desk with her eyes cast down. This slave was dressed
      similar to the other slave that took Allison away, the only difference
      being was that she dressed in a light green outfit. As Richard continued
      to look at her, he could detect that she had Latin blood by her olive complexion.  
&quot;I do like the color of her eyes.&quot; Peter remarked as
      he stood next to her and put a finger under her chin and raised her head.
      Slave Elaine comes to us from our Spanish chapter in Madrid.  
&quot;She has more than just beautiful eyes.&quot; Richard said
      under his breath as he looked at her face with her cute little nose and
      full lips and dark hair that came to the nape of her neck. As Peter mentioned,
      her eyes were one of her best features. She could not have stood more than
      about five foot five and was well proportion with just the right sized
      of breasts and a slim waist that flared out to her hips which lead to a
      pair of slender legs.  
&quot;Let Slave Elaine show you to your quarters. She is here for
      your pleasure if you care to sample our hospitality. I don t think she
      ll disappoint you. Will you?&quot; Peter said as he removed his finger
      from under her chin.   
&quot;No Master.&quot; She replied meekly with just a hint of an
      accent.   
&quot;Before you leave, I want to show you how to summon your slave
      when she is not present. No matter how nicely we enjoy having a slave around.
      We also appreciate enjoying doing other forms of recreation.&quot; Peter
      explained as he had Richard sit at his desk to show him how to signal his
      slave on the computer.   
&quot;We will use my name and Slave Elaine s for example.&quot;  
&quot; Enter Master Peter back slash Slave Elaine. Meet me in my
      office at 2 P.M. Then press enter.&quot;   
&quot;This sends a signal to the collar that all slaves wear. Watch
      what happens to Slave Elaine.&quot; Peter explained as the screen acknowledge
      Richard s command.   
Raising his eyes from the computer screen to look at the slave,
      he noticed her head give a sight jerk as something made her flinched.  
&quot;There s a light shock at first then a soothing sensation
      afterwards on her neck. There, feel for yourself.&quot; Peter said.  
He walked over to Slave Elaine and felt the collar. Sure enough
      he could detect a light sensation in his fingers.   
&quot;When a slave receives that order, the slave will stop whatever
      they are doing and respond to it.&quot; Peter explained to Richard then
      turned and nodded to the Slave Elaine. As the two men sat back down Slave
      Elaine leaned over the computer and typed in her response to stop the sensations
      of the collar.  
&quot;Slave Elaine will not be your personal slave. She is one
      of our permanent slaves.&quot;   
&quot;What do you mean by permanent?&quot; Richard asked. Not believing
      that he had heard right.   
&quot;This female chose to become a slave for life to Pleasure
      Incorporated. Isn t that so?&quot; Peter asked the slave who stood with
      her hands folded and with her eyes cast down at the floor.   
&quot;Yes master.&quot;   
&quot;We re always in need of permanent slaves at Pleasure Incorporate.
      At The Spa we will usually have three or four cancellations of guests for
      some reason or another and we have to improvise. You cannot have masters
      without slaves or slaves without masters. So we use our own slaves to fill
      the gap. In our spring session we had a slave cancellation and we used
      Slave Elaine here for a fill in. Her identity for the two weeks was as
      a computer programmer from Houston Texas. Now if we needed a master or
      mistress, then we have a few qualified slaves in that category.&quot; Peter
      explained.   
&quot;Another question. What do you mean when you said qualified
      slaves?&quot; Richard asked in disbelief with how this organization ran
      things. Not that he disapproved.   
&quot;Certain slaves can become a master or a mistress in time
      with the right training. This is what we call a qualified slave. It is
      when a slave can be a master or mistress one time, giving orders and handing
      out punishment, then turn around completely and be submissive and meek
      the next time. Slave Elaine is still a couple of years away for us to even
      consider her to play the role of a mistress. She still has a lot of training
      to accomplish in being a slave.&quot; Peter said as he gave the slave a
      light slap on the rear as a signal for her to show Richard to his quarters.  
As Richard stood to leave, he tried to conceal, the best he could,
      the erection he had from the time Peter had ordered his wife to strip.
      Putting his hand in his pocket and arranging his erect penis so that it
      hung down along his leg and out the leg of his underwear, he hoped it was
      not too obvious when he stood up.  
&quot;We will lock your wife s valuables in our safe for the duration
      of your stay.&quot; Peter said as he gave the key to Richard  
Putting the key in his pocket, he leaned over the desk and shook
      Peter s hand before turning around to watch Slave Elaine walk across the
      room to the door.  
&quot;Drop around to one of our bars, mingle with the other guests.
      Feel free to ask questions of our staff.&quot; Peter said with a smile
      as he noticed Richard trying to conceal his erection.  
As Peter walked behind the slave, he watched her small round bottom
      and his thoughts turned to what he was going to do with her when he reached
      his room. Prying his eyes from her behind, it surprised him to see other
      slaves being lead away. All the slaves were being lead by leashes around
      their necks. Some had their hands clasp behind their heads while others
      had their hands handcuffed behind their backs and it seemed there was no
      order regarding who was leading them. Men were leading men and women leading
      women, but all had one thing in common, the new slaves were all nude.  
Tearing his eyes from the parade of slaves, he noticed for the
      first time how beautifully the grounds were landscaped. He was not a nature
      lover by any means but as the slave lead him along the paths to his lodgings
      he could detect the fragrance of many tropical flowers. After a short walk
      they came to a small bungalow and when the slave opened the door for him
      she bowed her head as he entered.   
&quot;Would the Master have need of my services?&quot; Elaine said
      in a soft voice that was just above a whisper as she raised her head to
      address him.  
&quot;Yes. Remove your dress.&quot; Richard replied. His erection
      had not eased any and Peter did say that if he needed the slaves services
      feel free to use them. Well, that was what he intended to do.   
Slipping off her dress Slave Elaine stood in her nudity as Richard
      walked over to her and cupped her small but ample breasts in his hands.
      It surprised him to find that her nipples were erect and as he lightly
      pinched them she uttered little moans of delight. Walking backwards, he
      pulled her by the nipples of her breasts until he reached the love seat
      that was directly behind him.  
&quot;Take off my pants.&quot; Richard ordered the slave as he
      let go of the hold he had on her and slumped down in the chair with his
      feet spread out in front of him.  
Sitting at her master s feet, Slave Elaine removed one of his shoes
      and then as she took off the sock, she sucked each of his toes before repeating
      the procedure on the other foot. Reaching forward she unbuckled his belt
      and slid his pants over his hips, only stopping for him to raise his hips
      so she could pull them off the rest of the way. After folding his pants
      neatly and laying them over the arm of the chair, she returned to free
      him of his underwear. As she was pulling down his undershorts, his erection
      became free from its confinement and reared itself as she finished removing
      his underwear. Inching herself a little closer to her target, she gently
      took hold of his erection and leaned down to engulf the head of his penis
      in her mouth.  
&quot;My God, this woman is an expert. This woman doesn t need
      any more training&quot; Richard was thinking as she drove him to the edge
      of a climax more than once. He always enjoyed it when Allison gave him
      oral sex. She was good at it. This woman had a different technique, and
      just when he got used to her lips around his penis she would switch what
      she was doing. At times she would lick his testicles while lightly jerking
      his staff or she would totally envelop his penis in her mouth and lightly
      run her teeth over his erection as her head bobbed up and down. Each time
      that he thought he was going to ejaculate, she would do something different
      to stop him from his final goal.  
&quot;Who is the master and who is the slave.&quot; Richard was
      thinking as he cast his eyes down at her while she again brought him to
      the edge. Having been denied his reward once again, he took his hands and
      placed them on her head. With half his penis in her mouth and with her
      licking the head of it while sucking on it, she was letting out little
      sounds of contentment, something like a cat purring. Richard could tell
      this woman enjoyed what she was doing. Placing of hands on her head must
      have been the right signal for her, because she picked up the pace and
      started to jerk the other half of his penis that she had in her hand. Reaching
      down with her free hand, she gently held his testicles and was softly squeezing
      them while lightly pulling on them. Richard let out a groan of contentment
      as he started to raise his hips while her head bobbed up and down on the
      head of his penis in her mouth.   
As his penis finished emptying the last of his nectar into this
      slaves mouth, he opened his eyes just in time to see her licking her lips
      before she laid her head on his lap.   
&quot;Is there anything else I can do for you Master?&quot; Slave
      Elaine said in a submissive voice as she cupped the deflating penis in
      her hands and ran her tongue along it.  
&quot;Go back to Peter or wherever you came from. I m finished
      with you.&quot; Richard replied as he went to stand.  
&quot;Did I please my Master?&quot; The slave asked as she sat
      at Richard s feet.  
&quot;You did an excellent job on pleasing me. Tell Peter that!&quot; Richard
      responded. That was one of the best blow jobs he d had in his life. Watching
      her pick up her dress with her cute little behind bent over in front of
      him, he felt himself begin to stir again. It would not take too much coaxing
      to have sex with this slave again. With thoughts of what he would like
      to do to her next running through his mind, but right now a shower would
      feel better. Besides if what lies ahead was like he just had, he did not
      want to burn himself out in one afternoon.   
Taking off his shirt so that he was now totally nude, he inspected
      his accommodations for the next couple of weeks. This was one thing he
      enjoyed doing with Allison after sex, just being nude without a care in
      the world. He chuckled when he saw two toilets as he entered the bathroom.
      The one he used was of normal size but the other one was smaller and built
      closer to the floor and over it was a bronze sign which read Slaves. The
      bathroom was quite spacious with a whirlpool bath that would fit two people
      easily, a separate shower, and a long vanity with two sinks. One side of
      the vanity was more elaborately decorated while the other one was plain,
      again with a sign which read Slaves. Walking back into the room where he
      just had sex a short time ago, he went over to a bar to see how it was
      stocked.   
&quot;A person wouldn t go thirsty around here.&quot; He was thinking
      as he looked at the well-stocked bar. Not only were there enough different
      kinds of alcohol but looking into the bar fridge and under the counter,
      he saw an assortment of mixes. Still, his preference did not need any fancy
      mixes. Napoleon Brandy was his drink, two ice cubes in a brandy snifter
      with an equal amount of brandy. Pouring a drink, he surveyed the room which
      was quite spacious, with a few stuffed easy chairs and a sectional couch
      along one side of the room facing the bar. Looking to his right, he saw
      a wall unit with a thirty-four-inch screen television, a cassette and a
      compact disc player. Picking up his drink, he walked over to one of two
      doors that lead off from the main room he was in. His instinct was right,
      this was the bedroom, with a queen size bed and the usual dresser and a
      closest that was big enough for the clothes he had brought with him. Inspecting
      the room he opened the door to his left, he found it led into the bathroom.
      Opening the door to his right, he found this lead into a smaller room with
      a small single bed and a chest that was at the foot of it. That was all
      in the way of furnishings. Walking over to the chest, he bent down and
      opened it. He felt his penis begin to stiffen, when he looked into it and
      saw a selection of dildos, vibrators, handcuffs, whips, some paddles and
      a few other sex related objects that he did not have a clue what they would
      be used for.   
While finishing his drink, he walked through the bedroom and into
      the bathroom. He wanted that shower he was thinking about and when he was
      finished he wanted to go down to the bar and meet some of the other guest.  
&quot;Yes. I think I m going to enjoy myself the next couple of
      weeks.&quot; He said to nobody as the water hit his body.  
&nbsp;  
When Allison was lead by the leash from the office, she was so
      embarrassed with her first encounter being a slave, that she kept her head
      down. She had never felt more ashamed in her life, especially when some
      clients that were sitting around the lobby watched her being lead through
      the room. That was not all that was bothering her; she felt more sexually
      alert than she had felt in ages. The only thing that made her feel a little
      better was glancing up as she was being lead across the foyer and seeing
      two more slaves being lead about in the same manner as her. The one slave,
      a male with his hands secured behind his back, was being lead by a female.
      The other slave, a female equally bound, was being lead by a male attendant
      in the same manner.  
When Allison was lead away from the main buildings and the people
      looking at her, she felt a little less conspicuous so she raised her head
      to look about at her surroundings. It seemed the whole area was a tropical
      paradise with the heavy scents of plants and trees and the cries of tropical
      birds flying overhead and perched in trees. She was soon lost as she was
      lead along different paths. With the hot humid heat of the early afternoon
      sun blazing through the trees, it was only a short time before she felt
      the sweat sticking to her body. As they rounded a small clump of trees,
      she had the first look at her accommodations  
for the next two weeks. The structure was a one story building
      and it looked quant, nestled amongst rich tropical vegetation.  
&quot;Here, let me unlock these handcuffs.&quot; Slave Rachael
      said in a pleasant voice. This was the first time that she had spoken.
      She produced a key that she must have had in her hands and freed Allison
      s hands before unhooking the leash from her collar.   
Rubbing her wrists, Allison looked around at the furnishings in
      the room. Along the far wall was a bamboo wall unit containing a television
      set. Opposite the wall unit were three arch doorways and across from those
      and closest to the entrance that they had just entered was another arch
      doorway.   
&quot;This is your room.&quot; Rachael said as they entered the
      middle room.  
Taking a quick look around the room that contained a queen size
      bed and a small chest of drawers, she saw a dress laying at the foot of
      the bed.  
&quot;Yes. That is yours. You can put it on if you please.&quot; Rachael
      said.  
Picking it up, Allison noticed the only other piece of clothing
      were a pair of panties.  
&quot;Slaves don t need much clothing.&quot; Rachael remarked as
      Allison examined it.  
&quot;In the chest of drawers you will find another four dresses
      just like those along with several changes of underwear. They will be replaced
      as you need them.&quot; Rachael said as Allison laid the dress on the bed
      and bent over to pick up the panties.  
I can t believe this. This underwear is something I would have
      worn when I was a kid. I think they called them Little Misses back then
      Allison was thinking as she eased the cotton panties up her legs. Not only
      were they young girls briefs but they had cartoon characters all over them
      and that was something more than they did when she was younger. Tugging
      them over her hips she spied that stupid rabbit eating a carrot. However,
      when she slipped the dress over her head, she felt a little less conspicuous.
      Although the dress only came midway between her knees and waist and the
      neckline was cut low so if she bent over there would be no trouble in seeing
      her breasts. The dress was almost transparent with an elasticized waist
      so that you could slip it over your head or off your shoulders. Looking
      at herself in the mirror, she could see the outline of her panties and
      the dark areolas of her breasts circling her erect nipples. Stepping into
      a pair of sandals that were at the foot of the bed, she followed Rachael
      to a little room that ran off the bedroom.  
&quot;This is your bath and makeup room.&quot; Rachael motioned
      with her hand.  
Allison could see that the bath was a standard bath and shower
      combination and the vanity was small but compact. Looking at the cosmetics
      that were sitting on the vanity, she could tell that they were the same
      brand names that she used. Now she knew why she had to fill out the questionnaire
      about what kind of cosmetics she used and the maker of them.  
&quot;The toilet is across from the sitting room. You will be sharing
      it with the other three slaves.&quot; Rachael said.  
She walked across the sitting room, through the arch-door that
      was separated from the other three on the opposite wall, and she entered
      the washroom.   
Allison s heart sank when she followed Rachael into the room. The
      washroom had three toilets and over each was a name, Slave Allison, Slave
      Bryan, Slave Alicia. The three sinks had the same names over the three
      washbasins. This was one thing that she thought a person should do in private.
      Even at home she would not let her husband into the washroom when she was
      relieving herself. Now, not only did she have to share a bathroom with
      other people, but one of them was a man. One thing she would not do was
      relieve herself when another person was in the room. She would rather burst
      than humiliate herself that way. She did not care if she was a slave or
      not. Another thing she noticed for the first time was that the washroom
      and bedrooms did not have doors.  
&quot;A slave does not warrant privacy.&quot; Rachael said as she
      saw the look of despair on Allison s face.  
Sitting opposite Rachael, as they returned to the sitting room,
      she could not help notice that Rachael s dress rode up her thighs. Yet
      what surprised her the most was that she spread her legs so that you could
      see the dark triangle of her pubic hair.  
&quot;Wear your slave collar all the time.&quot; Rachael was explaining
      as Allison tried not to watch her in her unladylike posture.  
&quot;Let me explain how your slave collar works when your master
      or mistress wants to summon you. It s highly possible that you will not
      be with your master all the time, then again who knows.&quot; Walking over
      to the computer terminal that was in the room, Rachael entered a few commands
      into the computer.  
&quot;The collar that all the slaves wear has a sensor built into
      it that sends a mild shock when you are being summoned.&quot; Rachael explained
      as she finished what she was doing.  
&quot;Ouch!&quot; Allison said as a shock zapped her. After the
      first shock there was only a slight tingle that continued.  
&quot;That first shock is to get your attention in case your sleeping.
      To deactivate the collar you do this.&quot; Rachael said as she told Allison
      what to do on the keyboard.  
&quot;Type Slave Allison back slash Master Peter&quot;   
For a second the screen went blank. Than a message appeared.  
&quot;Greek Restaurant. Now.&quot;  
Once Allison exited the computer the tingling around her neck stopped.  
&quot;When you get a message, stop what you re doing and obey it.
      The only person that will be sending messages to you is your Master or
      Mistress.&quot; Rachael said as they sat opposite each other again.  
&quot;Don t I take it off if I m bathing?&quot; Allison said as
      she tried not to look at Rachael s exposed vagina.  
&quot;I said always. Twenty-four hours a day for the next two weeks.
      The computer chip is waterproof, so you don t have to worry.&quot;   
&quot;One thing you should learn right now is when you are in the
      presence of your Master or Mistress and they give you permission to sit,
      you sit with your legs spread and your hands in your lap. Another thing
      you should get used to is spreading your legs even if your master is not
      present. It s a good habit to get into.&quot; Rachael said as Allison timidly
      inched her legs apart.  
&quot;You should understand another thing. Obey your master or
      mistress. As a slave you have no say in what they tell you to do. You are
      their property for the next two weeks. Are there any questions?&quot;  
&quot;Yes there is.&quot; Allison started to say.  
&quot;Stop right there. When you re speaking to me, you will address
      me as Slave Rachael. That is my proper title.&quot; Rachael pointed out
      to Allison.  
&quot;Oh.&quot; Was the only thing Allison could say? She was not
      usually at a loss for words but Rachael s remark took her by surprise.  
&quot;I have chosen to become a slave for life, not like you, where
      you are a slave for only a couple of weeks. With my chosen lifestyle I
      have the honor of being called Slave Rachael, where you will be call just
      Slave. Understand this. &quot;You are the lowest type of person and you
      will be treated like that for your stay here.&quot; Rachael said a stern
      voice.  
&quot;Slave Rachael I could not help notice that you re not wearing
      any underwear and your dress is different from mine. Why the difference?&quot; Allison
      asked. She really did not care if Slave Rachael was wearing underwear or
      not. She just wanted to steer the conversation away from her.   
&quot;Training a slave is mostly based on humiliation. If a master
      or mistress wants to have sex with you, you will have to be humiliated
      by removing your panties and dress unless they want oral sex. Where with
      me, I would only have to take any pose they want me in. With the slits
      in my dress they have access to all my openings. Don t misunderstand me,
      I still can be humiliated but in a different way.&quot; Rachael said.   
Now she started to understand why they wanted to humble her in
      the way they did. Making her strip in front of the men, the slave collar
      and the leash, the washroom with the three toilets, all this was for her
      training.   
&quot;My duty is to be here if you need anything. You don t complain
      to your Master. If you need something, you come to me, then I ll go through
      the proper channels.&quot; Rachael continued to say.  
&quot;Another question. Slave Rachael, you usually refer to a mistress
      or master. I will have a master won t I?&quot; Allison asked.  
&quot;Not necessarily. Some masters and mistresses want the same
      sex in slaves. I don t know how they decide which slave goes to whom. Yet
      the chances are as good as any that you might have a mistress instead of
      a master. Don t let that bother you; you ll get your fair share of Masters.
      The mistresses and masters sometimes get bored with the same slave and
      they like to swap among themselves.&quot; Rachael explained.  
&quot;Another thing. Don t ever think that you can have sex with
      a fellow Slave? The only person that can command you to do that is your
      master. Sometimes the masters enjoy watching slaves having sex. Still,
      your master is the only one who can demand it, not another master or slave.&quot; Rachael
      said.  
&quot;So what your saying is, the only person that can tell me
      to do anything is my master. So I couldn t have sex with another slave
      on my own?&quot; Allison said.  
&quot;It can get a little complicated at times but if your master
      was present and gave you the order, do not hesitate, obey his command.&quot; Rachael
      tried her best to explain.   
&quot;I ll be bringing your two other roommates here. Relax awhile,
      you will be served a light snack of sandwiches and fruit after the other
      two get here. That should hold your hunger until tonight.&quot; Rachael
      said as she left the room.  
Standing in the shower and letting the warm water pelt her back,
      Allison felt the tension of the day drain from her, not to mention the
      grime of traveling wash off. She had to admit, this was going to be the
      most different kind of vacation that she had ever been on. Bending down
      and picking up the soap, she had no trouble determining that it was the
      same kind of soap she used at home by the heavy scent of it. Whoever or
      whatever runs this place, thought of everything. The only place she knew
      that carried this brand of soap was a little speciality boutique in Montgomery.
      Bringing her hands up to her firm breasts, she gently lathered them.  
&quot;I don t know what it will be like being a slave but just
      the thought of it has got me aroused.&quot; She was thinking as her fingers
      pinched her nipples until they were hard. With her other hand she let it
      travel down her body across her stomach until she felt the coarse hair
      of her pubic area.  
&quot;I can t believe it. I m a slave.&quot; Allison groaned as
      she pressed a finger against her clit which was poking its way out of its
      hiding place. While one hand was slowly fingering herself, the other hand
      was playing with her breasts, alternating between fondling and pinching
      them. With erotic thoughts of what was to come within the next two weeks,
      she feverishly brought herself to climax. Withdrawing her fingers from
      her vagina, she turned around and leaned against the shower and let the
      spray wash over her body 
CHAPTER 5****   
After showering, Richard dressed in a light pair of pants and a
      casual sports shirt. He wanted to take a look around more of the resort,
      the little that he did see impressed him. The first thing he wanted to
      look at was the golf courses. He was not an avid golfer, but over the last
      couple of years and a few golf lessons he had started to enjoy it. Besides
      there were just as many deals made on the golf course as there was in the
      court room. So taking one of the many paths that branched off, he wondered
      aimlessly amongst the lust tropical vegetation. Only once was he approached
      by anyone and that was a male slave leading a female slave. As he approached
      them, both stood off to the side of the path and lowed their eyes until
      he passed. As he walked up a slight incline, he spotted one of the golf
      courses laying ahead of him.   
&quot;The course is a little tricky but it has a few good fairways.&quot;    
A voice startled Richard. He did not hear anyone come up beside
      him as he was looking over the greens.   
&quot;I'm sorry about that. I didn't mean to startle you. My name
      is Gordon.&quot; The man said as he held out his hand to Richard.   
&quot;My name is Richard. I'm hoping to get a chance to play a
      couple of rounds.&quot; Richard replied as he shook Gordon's hand.   
&quot;You'll get your chance. After awhile it's nice to get away
      from your slave. A guy can only take so much sex.&quot; Gordon said while
      the two of them looked on as a couple of tropical birds landed in the tree
      beside them.   
&quot;I'm on my way to grab a cold one. You're welcome to join
      me if you care to?&quot; Gordon asked.   
&quot;Well, if you don't mind.&quot; Richard replied.   
&quot;Is this your first time?&quot; Gordon asked as the two of
      them walked along the path.    
&quot;Am I that obvious?&quot;    
&quot;Not really. After you have been here a couple of times, you
      get to know who's new.&quot; Gordon said as they came to the main buildings.   
As they walked up to the main entrance, Richard liked the layout,
      lined with palm trees and tropical flowers of all descriptions. Setting
      off the whole scene was a waterfall that was cascading down the side of
      the building they were about to enter.   
&quot;This is where we will get our slaves assigned to us tonight.&quot; Gordon
      said as they entered a small theater.   
It took a few seconds to adjust his eyes to the dimness of the
      building. Once he did, he noticed a small stage that was only a couple
      of feet high with a runway that extended from the front of the stage. The
      runway was a good twenty feet long and ended with a set of stairs to the
      floor. Around the stage and runway a quantity of comfortable chairs were
      arranged.   
&quot;This building has a few uses. After tonight, The Spa puts
      on some interesting stage plays.&quot; Gordon said as he and Richard continued
      to the bar.   
&quot;Well. What will it be?&quot; Gordon asked as they stood up
      to the bar.    
&quot;A Bud Light.&quot; Richard replied. He wanted to take it
      easy on the drinking, so he ordered a beer. He did not need to pass out
      from too much booze his first day there. The bar Gordon picked out was
      in the far corner of the building. Bar Aztec was the name and it was decorated
      as the name depicted.    
&quot;I like this little bar. It's out of the way, so you can sit
      back and watch what's taking place around you.&quot; Gordon explained.   
They were watching a little of the activity that was going on around
      them and enjoying their drinks when a couple of people walked in. As the
      man ordered the drinks, Richard noticed that the woman was pretty with
      a nice figure. If Richard had to guess, he would say she was in her early
      thirties and definitely her nationality was European. The man was tall
      and in the same age group.    
Within a short time the four of them introduced each other. Her
      name was Meka and his was Herman. With another round of drinks, Richard
      mentioned that this was his first time at the resort and that everything
      was new to him.    
&quot;Don't let those slaves get away with anything.&quot; Herman
      said. As he set his drink on the bar and said something to Meka in a low
      voice.   
&quot;Watch this. This is how to handle a slave.&quot; Meka said
      as she spotted a male slave returning to the reception area after showing
      a mistress to her quarters.   
&quot;Slave come here.&quot; She ordered.   
&quot;Yes Mistress. Can I be of assistance?&quot; The male slave
      said as he kept his eyes to the floor.   
&quot;Strip.&quot; Meka ordered.   
Without any hesitation the slave removed his one piece of clothing
      and stood unashamedly in the nude.   
&quot;What's this? Have you been playing with yourself?&quot; Meka
      said as she cupped his deflated penis in her hand.   
&quot;No Mistress. The Mistress that I showed to her quarters wanted
      me to service her.&quot; The slave said with a tremble in his voice.   
&quot;That's a likely story. You have to watch these slaves. He
      probably jerked himself off.&quot; Meka said to the men standing around
      her.   
Richard watched in amazement as she had the slave bend over and
      clasp his ankles. Turning to Herman, she asked to borrow his belt.   
&quot;This is the only way to show a slave who the master is.&quot; She
      said as she raised the belt and hit him across his bottom. Richard was
      spellbound as he watched the slave take his punishment without crying out
      but for a few groans when she laid the stokes on hard.   
&quot;The next time I stop you, I want to see that worthless piece
      of meat you call a cock with an erection. Do you understand?&quot; Meka
      said as she handed the belt back to Herman.   
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; The slave said while staying in the same
      pose.   
&quot;Get dressed and get out of here.&quot; She ordered as she
      picked up her drink.   
&quot;They don't call you the Hungarian Bitch for nothing.&quot; Herman
      said as the four of them watch the slave pull up his pants and meekly walked
      away.   
After finishing off his drink, Gordon excused himself. Taking the
      last swallow of his beer, Richard bid Meka and Herman a good day and followed
      Gordon out of the complex. Before the two men departed company, they made
      plans with each other to have dinner together along with their slaves.
      Something bothered Richard about Gordon as he was going back to his room.
      He was almost sure that he had seen Gordon some place before. It really
      did not matter as it seemed that the two of them got along good together.   
When Allison stepped out of the shower, she leaned over to put
      on her ridiculous underwear and noticed the manufactures label. Not only
      were the panties from a well-known maker the dress was also.   
&quot;Hello, Hello.&quot; Allison heard a female voice call out.   
&quot; Be there in a sec.&quot; Allison called as she quickly got
      dressed.   
Stepping out of her room into the communal part of the apartment,
      she met her female room mate.   
&quot;My name is Alicia.&quot; The woman said as she held out her
      hand for Allison to shake.   
&quot;Mine is Allison. Glad to meet you.&quot; Allison replied
      as she shook her hand. Allison bit her tongue as she was going to say her
      last name until she remembered that the spa ran on a first name bases.
      The official mentioned to Roger and her that unless you felt comfortable
      with a fellow member it was best to keep your last name to your self.   
She was shorter than Allison, but Allison could not help notice
      the big bust on her petite frame. The two of them were at a loss for anything
      to say until Alicia broke the silence by asking if she wanted anything
      to drink.   
&quot;Yes. What do they have in the fridge?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Unfortunately there are only fruit juices and soft drinks.&quot; Alicia
      replied. &quot;They don't allow us slaves any alcohol unless our Masters
      permit us to have a drink.&quot; She continued to say.   
&quot;Too bad. I could use a stiff drink after the day I had so
      far.&quot; Allison said as she relaxed a little.   
&quot;I think both of us had the same type of day.&quot; Alicia
      replied.   
&quot;Make mine a cola.&quot; Allison said.   
The two women went and sat and got better acquainted with each
      other. She still felt embarrassed when Alicia sat and spread her legs so
      that you could see the crotch of her panties and the dark tangle of her
      pubic hair. However, Allison followed her example and did the same. Allison
      learned that Alicia was from just outside of Athens, Greece. She was quite
      friendly and as they chatted Allison found that she felt relaxed around
      her.    
&quot;Are you with your husband?&quot; Allison asked.    
&quot;Heavens no. Marriage does not agree with me. I've been married
      twice and divorced twice. How about you?&quot; Alicia said.   
&quot;My husband is seeing how the other side lives. He's a Master.&quot; Allison
      replied.   
Both turned and looked as they heard the door open. Rachael was
      leading a nude man by a leash. Alicia looked at Allison and both knew instinctively
      that this was their male roommate, Bryan.   
&quot;You know the procedure.&quot; Rachael said as she unhooked
      the leash from his collar.   
&quot;Yes, Slave Rachael.&quot; He replied with his eyes lowered.   
&quot;Go and get dressed, you disgusting animal.&quot; Rachael
      commanded.   
&quot;Lunch will be here shortly, slaves.&quot; Rachael said to
      Allison and Alicia as she was leaving.   
Bryan stuck out his tongue at Slave Rachael after she had left
      and then turned to the two ladies who were trying to suppress their laughter.    
&quot; My name's Bryan and I guess the three of us are going to
      be roommates.&quot; Bryan said as the three of them introduced each other.   
Bryan excused himself and went and got dressed. A few seconds later
      he returned and grabbed himself a drink and sat opposite the two women.
      Alicia and he struck up a conversation, apparently the two of them meet
      here at The Spa before.   
&quot;You were a slave to that English guy about two sessions ago.&quot; Bryan
      said as the two of them tried too figured out when they met last.   
&quot;Yes I was. If I'm right, you were a slave to that Texan woman.&quot; Alicia
      said as she leaned over and gave him a peck on the cheek.   
&quot;Who do we have here? I can't remember seeing her before?&quot; Bryan
      asked Alicia.   
&quot;She's new.&quot; Alicia said as she reached over and gave
      Allison's a friendly squeeze on the hand.   
&quot;Well, we'll have to try and keep an eye on her.&quot; Bryan
      said as he took Allison's other hand and gave it a squeeze.   
Allison tried to size Bryan up while she was listening to them.
      He was a good-looking guy with brown hair and a mustache. He probably stood
      a good six feet and had a muscular build. The outfit he was wearing was
      a one-piece suit more like a pair of coveralls but the difference was that
      the crotch was slit from the front to the back. Just like the female slaves,
      he sat with his legs spread, but he did not wear any underpants so at times
      his privates were exposed depending on the way he moved.   
After a while Bryan excused himself to use the washroom. That was
      when Allison took the opportunity to ask Alicia about Bryan.   
&quot;Why doesn't he wear any underwear?&quot;   
&quot;Because when I get assigned to a master or mistress, they
      will fit me with a metal cage that will attach snugly around my male equipment.&quot; Bryan
      said overhearing Allison's question as he was returning from the washroom.   
&quot;Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. I'm sorry.&quot; Allison
      stammered. She felt embarrassed that Bryan overheard her.   
&quot;That's okay. I'll explain how they humiliate a male slave.&quot; Bryan
      said as he sat back down.   
&quot;When I'm not erect, they will put a metal cage around my
      penis and testicles, connected by a metal band to my waist and locked at
      my back.&quot; Bryan said.   
&quot;Ouch. That must hurt when you get aroused. What do you do
      when you have to pee?&quot; Allison asked. She had to chuckle to herself.
      Who would have imagined that she would be having a conversation like this.    
&quot;The way they construct the cage there is a small opening
      where the head of my penis fits into. When I have to pee, I sit on the
      toilet like a woman. Yes it does hurt when I have the urge to get an erection.
      However, again the way they make this cage, it is impossible for my penis
      to get erect while wearing it.&quot; Bryan explained.   
&quot;Why do they do it to you then? Is it just to humiliate you?&quot; Allison
      asked.   
&quot;It has a double purpose. Yes it is humiliating. The main
      reason is, if I can't get it up, I can't play with myself and in turn I
      can't ejaculate. When a male slave gets the urge to jerk off it can be
      pretty powerful at times. This safeguards for the masters that the slave
      will have an erection when they want a performance from you.&quot; Bryan
      said.   
Just like Rachael had said, a light lunch was served. The three
      of them got even better acquainted with each other. With their help Allison
      got a better knowledge about the slave auction that Rachael mentioned.   
&quot;That is really your first taste of being a slave. The auction
      is the place where they assign you your Master. It starts at seven o'clock,
      but we are to be at the auditorium by five thirty.&quot; Bryan said.   
&quot;The next part is demeaning, but only the beginning of what
      we are going to go through for the next couple of weeks.&quot; Alicia said.   
&quot;What is that?&quot; Allison asked.    
&quot;We are on inspection for whoever wants to can examine us.&quot;    
After talking for a while the three of them agreed that it would
      be good to grab a nap before tonight.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
After Alicia and Bryan and Allison had an afternoon nap, they made
      their way over to the auditorium. It seemed slaves that had been here before
      were all greeting each other as they meet. Allison was thankful to her
      two roommates because at times she was totally lost   
as of what was happening, but one of them was always there to help.    
&quot;This is not a Sunday social. Get in line and strip.&quot; Slave
      Don said to the three of them. Don was a professional slave and his job
      was to get these amateur slaves in line so they could be inspected. Of
      all his duties, this was the job he detested the most. He wished he had
      the power to chastise anyone that got out of hand. Still, a slave no matter
      what his position, cannot punish another slave. Most of the time he only
      had to give an order in his big booming voice to have the slave pay attention.   
The three of them stood in line with Bryan on Allison's right and
      Alicia on her left. The place they assembled was an open-aired room with
      two long benches. It was behind the auditorium. As each slave removed their
      scant clothing, they folded them neatly and placed them on the bench behind
      them. Allison stood in line and she had never in her life been so scared
      yet at the same time so aroused. Her knees were trembling from fear but
      her nipples were rock hard and if she squeezed her legs hard enough, she
      could just about have an orgasm. Looking up and down at the two lines of
      slaves, she counted about thirty slaves including herself. They ranged
      in age, she would guess, from about twenty-one to the mid- to- late thirties.
      There were more women than men but one thing they all had in common, they
      were good looking and for the most part in good physical shape.   
As she glanced down the opposite line, she realized that she knew
      the stunning blond woman that was at the far end. It was not someone she
      knew personally, but a movie star or somebody like that. As she tried to
      concentrate on whom the person was, she tried not to look at her too often.
      Finally her curiosity got the better of her and in a low voice she asked
      Alicia if she knew who she was.   
Alicia stunned Allison when she said who it was. She was the televison
      star who played the evil sister on one of those day time soap operas.    
&quot;She goes under the name of Tanya.&quot; Alicia said.    
&quot;Stop talking. Here comes a couple of men.&quot; Bryan said
      as the three of them stood at attention and bowed their heads.   
&quot;This one has a good pair of tits.&quot;    
&quot;Turn around and bend over slave.&quot;   
&quot;Mm, she's tight.&quot;   
Allison could not believe what she was hearing, so she took a quick
      glance to her left and watched as one of the men appraised Alicia while
      she was bent over with her legs spread. When they were finished with Alicia,
      she knew it was going to be her turn to be examined. For some perverse
      reason, which she did not understand, she felt herself anticipating it.   
&quot;I think that bitch was ready to come.&quot; The taller of
      the two men said.   
&quot;She's healthy.&quot; The other said as he smelt his fingers
      after he removed two of them from Alicia's vagina.   
&quot;Clean my fingers.&quot; The man said to Allison as he forced
      the tips of his fingers in her mouth. Closing her eyes, Allison sucked
      the man's fingers clean of Alicia's womanly juices.   
For the next hour the slaves were subjected to the humiliation
      of fingers probing them. Not only were the slaves forced to endure the
      groping fingers of the opposite sex but they had to accept the same from
      their own gender at times. This was all new to her not having any say about
      what was expected of her in her new role in life for the next two weeks.
      True to their word Bryan and Alicia kept an eye on her . One of the most
      embarrassing moments for Allison was when she saw her husband and another
      man approaching. The man he was with made her experience one of the most
      humiliating examinations of the afternoon.   
&quot;Turn around and bend over.&quot; He said.    
&quot;Yes Master&quot; Allison said. This was the first time that
      she had to answer anyone with the proper title. It did send a chill up
      her back with acting like a slave especially with her husband watching.
      Turning around so that her back was toward him, she bent over with her
      hands clasping the calf of her legs.   
&quot;Spread the cheeks of your ass with your hands.&quot; He said
      gruffly as he gave her bottom a slap with the palm of his hand.   
She knew her face was bright red from the degrading act she was
      undergoing. As the man removed his finger from her anus, he gave her a
      slap across the bottom and moved onto the next slave he found that might
      be of interest. When she stood up and turned around, she spotted Richard
      a little way down the line. He had his hands cupped around the small breasts
      of an Oriental woman.   
When Richard walked into his bungalow, he noticed a fruit basket
      sitting on the coffee table in the middle of the room. He was feeling a
      little hungry considering the last time he ate was a small meal on the
      plane. Grabbing a bottle of spring water from the fridge and an apple he
      sat back and relaxed. After reminiscing about the events of the day, he
      striped himself of his clothes and went into the bedroom to take a nap.   
Feeling refreshed after his afternoon siesta. Richard took another
      shower and went to meet Gordon at the little bar that they had a drink
      at earlier in the afternoon. Things were busier now than earlier in the
      day as people were having a drink and getting acquainted with old friends
      from past trips to The Spa. Richard spotted Gordon standing at the bar
      by himself nursing a drink.   
&quot;Are we ready to check out the merchandise?&quot; Gordon said
      after Richard had ordered his drink.   
The two men strolled down to where they lined up the slaves for
      whoever wanted to inspect them. As usual he had one hell of an erection
      as he watched Gordon put a couple of slaves through a humiliating probing
      with his fingers. He enjoyed letting Gordon show him around. It seemed
      Gordon had no preference for either women or men as he would examine a
      male slave or a female.   
&quot;I prefer women to men, but I like a change occasionally.&quot; Gordon
      said as he saw Richard give him a strange look.    
&quot;Everyone for themselves, but I think I'll stay with women.&quot; Richard
      replied as they continued down the line.   
&quot;Now there's a woman I would like to have as a slave. I think
      I'll go and give her a look over.&quot; Gordon said as he reached down
      and grabbed his crotch.   
Richard smiled to himself. The woman Gordon was talking about was
      Allison. He took a perverse delight in watching Allison being belittled
      in this style. Getting bored on watching his wife getting inspected. He
      spotted an Oriental slave that took his fancy and went over to investigate.    
CHAPTER 6****    
The evening had the air of anticipation in it as the slave auction
      was to get underway. The slaves were lined up at the back of the stage
      in alphabetical order. Allison was the third person in line and she was
      nervous, more nervous than she ever was before in her life. About a quarter
      to seven, most of the slaves had been inspected and they permitted the
      slaves to wash and take care of their bodily functions. Just as Allison
      feared the washrooms were unisex for the slaves, but what made it worst
      was there was no privacy. The washroom consisted of a row of toilets lined
      up against the one wall and a few urinals against the other. Not having
      any other choice, she picked a toilet furthest away from anyone.    
&quot;Spread those legs.&quot; Don yelled at Allison.   
Trying to be inconspicuous as she could, she relieved herself as
      quickly as possible. She never even considered spreading her legs until
      Don yelled. With her face turning beat red, she spread them. She wished
      she could have climbed into a hole or something because anyone that was
      within earshot when Don yelled at her, turned their heads and looked in
      her direction. After washing her face and getting a drink of water, she
      got in line behind Alicia.   
The lights went dim and from where Allison stood, she watched as
      a man walked by her and out onto the stage. The man who walked by her was
      the master of ceremonies who was a well known television game host. He
      always enjoyed doing this job and he always tried to get to one of the
      four sessions. After introducing himself as Charles, he went on to tell
      a few jokes and to relax the audience.    
&quot;I do believe that we have a good crop of slaves this session.
      Can we have the first slave out here?&quot; Master Charles said after a
      few minutes once he had the audience warmed up.   
The first slave was a male and he was lead onto the stage by a
      permanent slave on each side of him. Allison was standing so she could
      make out the slave standing with his one piece of clothing over his right
      arm and the leash attached to his collar in his left hand.   
&quot;What is your name slave?&quot; Charles asked. This was just
      another way to humble a slave. If Charles wanted to, he could have read
      the slave's name himself, but slaves saying their name out loud was more
      humiliating.   
&quot;Slave Alex, Master.&quot;    
&quot; Alex here is thirty-three years old and he comes to us from
      California.&quot; Charles read from a card he held in his hand. Charles
      walked around the slave as if he was inspecting him and then he stopped
      in front of Alex. Charles' bent over and lifted the slave's male equipment
      in his hand. When he did that Allison could hear the crowd begin to laugh
      and with a couple of wolf whistles to go along with the laughter.   
&quot;I have seen horses that weren't this well equipped.&quot; Charles
      joked as he fondled Alex's privates.   
&quot;I think Mistress Julie will be quite pleased with this slave.&quot; Charles
      said as he raised his hand and swatted Alex across his bottom for a sign
      for him to start walking down the runway. When Alex started walking, Allison
      could see from where she was standing that Charles did not exaggerate on
      how well he was built.   
&quot;Bring on the next slave.&quot; Charles said as he turned
      and gave the signal for the slave to be brought on stage.   
Just before Alicia was lead away, she turned to Allison and gave
      her a kiss on the cheek and taking her hand gave it a quick squeeze.    
&quot;Name?&quot; Charles barked as Alicia stood naked on stage.   
&quot;Slave Alicia, Master.&quot; She said in a loud clear voice.   
&quot;This slave is twenty-eight and comes to us from Athens Greece.&quot;    
&quot;Wow. Look at the set of titties here. Someone is going to
      have their handful with these.&quot; Charles commended as he made Alicia
      raise her arms over her head. Standing behind her he reached around and
      played with her breasts.   
&quot;Slave Alicia, walk down and meet your mistress for the next
      two weeks, Mistress Meka.&quot; Charles said as he sent Alicia on her way
      in the same way as the last slave, with a slap on the ass.    
When Allison heard her name called out, her first reaction was
      to run. Yet as the two assistants came to get her, she knew she could not
      run away and besides where would she go to. Her mind was one jumble of
      crazy thoughts. She felt ashamed, because deep down she was loving the
      treatment she had been receiving. Her nipples were hard and her pubic area
      was moist with her juices. She had even come close to having an orgasm
      during the inspection period when one man was fingering her. She could
      have died from embarrassment as he withdrew his fingers from her and made
      her suck them clean.   
&quot;Who do we have here?&quot; Charles asked.   
&quot;Slave Allison, Master.&quot;    
&quot;Speak up slave.&quot;   
&quot;Slave Allison, Master.&quot; Allison said in a louder voice.   
&quot;Let's see. We have a southern bell here. The slave is from
      Alabama and she's twenty-nine years old.&quot; Charles read as he walked
      around Allison with his hand under his chin as if he was in deep thought.
      Allison stood still with her eyes cast down. She had a strange urge to
      cry or burst out laughing, she did not know which. The only thing she did
      know was that her nerves were ready to scream. She just wanted to get off
      the stage with everybody looking at her.   
&quot;I think she's ready.&quot; Charles said as he traced the
      outline of her vagina with his finger then held it to nose. The crowd started
      laughing when he made a joke about the scent of a woman in heat, which
      made her want to cry with shame.   
&quot;Master Steven will take care of you. Go and meet your Master.&quot; Charles
      said as he gave Allison a slap on her bottom that made her jump. With that
      the crowd snickered as she sheepishly walked down the runway to the end
      where a man was standing.   
&quot;Get dressed.&quot; Steven said in a voice accustomed to giving
      orders, as he took the leash that Allison was holding in her left hand.   
&quot;Yes Master Steven.&quot; Allison replied as she kept her
      eyes cast down and put on her scant clothing. One thing that her roommates
      told her to do was to always address your superiors with respect, as in
      yes or no master or mistress.    
&quot;They really get pissed off when they do not get the respect
      due to them.&quot; Alicia had said.   
She followed Master Steven obediently with him leading her by the
      leash to where he was sitting. Showing the floor for Allison to sit, he
      sat next to a beautiful blonde woman as he let her leash go slack in his
      hands.   
One thing that she was glad of was that her Master was a good-looking
      man. He had the body of an athlete with broad shoulders and a slim waist,
      and as Allison walked behind him she admired his cute little rear-end.
      Allison sat and watched as they paired the slaves off to their rightful
      owners. Partway through the festivities Master Steven asked if she wanted
      a drink, which she acknowledged with a yes in the proper manner. The waitress
      brought a fancy tropical drink for her master and the woman he was sitting
      with and a tall ice cold glass of water for her.   
This was all alien to her but she was fascinated with the whole
      procedure as she watched as a young female slave started crying as she
      was being lead onto the stage. After a few minutes of discussion among
      what Allison took as officials, the slave was lead away and replaced with
      another. She paid close attention as her husband took possession of an
      Oriental female slave by the name of Thalia. For some reason she felt a
      pang of jealousy as her husband walked by with his slave following him.
      A young black male slave by the name of Jason was on stage being examined
      and when they called out Mistress Ingrid the woman that was sitting with
      Steven got up to retrieve the slave.   
&quot;Come Slave. It's time for dinner.&quot; Steven said as he
      rose and met Ingrid coming back with her slave.   
With Steven and Ingrid walking side by side and with their slaves
      being lead by their leashes a couple of steps behind, they entered the
      Greek restaurant. Allison did not overly care for Greek cuisine, but she
      had no choice as a waiter in the garb of the country showed them to a table.
      The waiter seated Master Steven and Mistress Ingrid so that she and Jason
      sat opposite to each other. She did not know if she was doing the right
      thing but once she was seated she spread her legs like a good slave. Her
      Master said nothing but Steven nodded his head in approval at her. She
      did not realize how famished she was until she smelt the aroma of food
      coming from the kitchen. Their masters even allowed the slaves a glass
      of wine. When Allison asked for a second glass later during the meal, Steven
      flatly rebuffed and told her that he allowed slaves one glass of wine only.
      During the meal everyone got acquainted with each other as the different
      courses arrived. Master Steven was from Manchester England, which surprised
      Allison because she did not detect an accent. Mistress Ingrid lived just
      outside of Stockholm and Jason, Allison's fellow slave came from Atlanta
      Georgia.    
&quot;If you will excuse me. I have to use the ladies room.&quot; Ingrid
      said. Then turning to Jason, she told him to come with her. When Jason
      stood up to go with Ingrid, he put his hands over his crotch area to hide
      the fact that he had an erection. Now she knew what Ingrid was doing with
      her one hand under the table. What she did not know was why Ingrid wanted
      Jason to go with her. She felt the need herself to use the facilities,
      but she did not know the proper way of going about doing it. Should she
      ask her master if she could go, or just excuse herself and go. When Ingrid
      and Jason returned and had taken their seats, she thought she would ask.   
&quot;Can I go to the washroom, Master?&quot; Allison asked as
      she felt herself blush. This was the first time she had to ask to go to
      the bathroom since she was in public school.   
&quot;What do you have to do?&quot; Steven replied.   
&quot;Pardon?&quot;    
&quot;What function do you have to do?&quot; Steven asked.   
&quot;I have to . . . pee.&quot; Allison said in a voice that was
      just above a whisper.    
&quot;You can wait awhile and think about having not addressed
      me in the proper manner.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;As you were saying before the slave so rudely interrupted
      us?&quot; Steven said to Ingrid.   
&quot;I haven't been back here for about two years. My husband
      and I decided to start a family. So we have been raising our daughter.&quot; Ingrid
      said as her hand once again found its way over to Jason's lap.    
&quot;I'm thinking of going over to the bar for a drink, and listen
      to the music. Would you care to join me?&quot; Steven said as Ingrid and
      he lingered over an after dinner liqueur.   
&quot;Thank you for the offer. Maybe another night. I want to see
      how this slave can perform.&quot; Ingrid replied. The four of them were
      standing outside the restaurant and Steven and Ingrid was saying their
      goodbyes.   
&quot;Do you mind if I take a closer look at your slave?&quot; Steven
      asked.    
&quot;Drop your pants and let Master Steven inspect you.&quot; Ingrid
      ordered Jason.   
&quot;He's hung pretty well. I would cage him if I were you, he
      looks like the type who likes to play with himself.&quot; Steven said as
      he wiped his hands on Allison's dress after handling Jason's privates.    
Allison was wondering when Steven was going to give her permission
      to use the washroom. It had been a good fifteen to twenty minutes since
      she asked him. She did not want to ask him again in case he was still cross
      with her about not calling him master. But if she did not go soon, she
      was going to wet herself. She hated to do it but she was going to have
      to ask him.   
&quot;Master Steven.&quot;   
&quot;Yes.&quot;   
&quot;Master Steven, can I go to the washroom? I have to go pee
      really bad.&quot; Allison said in a pleading voice.   
&quot;I see your manners have improved. Yes you can go. When you're
      finished, I'll be at the bar.&quot; Steven said as he pointed out the bar
      to her.   
&quot;Thank you, Master Steven.&quot; She said as she bowed her
      head. She had spotted the washrooms when they had left the restaurant and
      now with getting permission to go, she did not waste any time in getting
      there. The sign on the door said 'Slaves' so she knew what to expect went
      she entered.   
As she walked over to the bar to join Master Steven, she kept her
      head down as not to draw attention to herself. The bar was decorated in
      the style of early Mexican and as she lifted her head, she spotted her
      master sitting at a small table by himself.   
&quot;You feel better?&quot; Steven asked as Allison stood by the
      table.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; She replied as she waited for him to give
      her permission to sit.   
&quot;You can have a seat.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;Thank you, Master.&quot;    
&quot;Would you care for a drink?&quot; Steven asked.    
The two of them sat in silence and listened to the sound of the
      night. There was something soothing about sitting with a drink although
      it was only water, which made Allison almost forget who and where she was.   
&quot;Do you dance?&quot; Steven asked. This was the first time
      he talked to her since he told her to sit at the table with him and she
      jumped at the sound of his voice.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. She had been listening
      to the slow beat of the song the band was playing.   
&quot;Come on let's dance.&quot; Steven said as he escorted her
      onto the small dance floor. He wrapped his arms around her body so that
      her body was pressed tightly against his and as they danced, Allison could
      feel the hardness of his erection pressing against her body. She choked
      back a sob of surprise as she felt Steven lift the back of her short dress
      and slide his hands into her panties and cup the cheeks of her bottom.   
&quot;Come, it's time that we should go home.&quot; Steven said
      after the song they were dancing to was over. As she looked up into his
      eyes, he leaned down and kissed her on the lips.  CHAPTER 7****   
After receiving their slaves, Richard and Gordon and their slaves
      went to dinner. The men decided on steak and seafood. The food was without
      a doubt beyond description and as the chef pampered them with delicacies
      of the sea, the men planned to play a round of golf in the morning. While
relaxing with an after dinner brandy, the topic of slaves came up.   
&quot;Well Richard, what do you think of your slave?&quot; Gordon
      asked.   
&quot;It's hard to tell. I'll let you know in the morning. How
      do you like your slave?&quot; Richard asked as he looked at his slave.   
&quot;Not too shabby. Stand up.&quot; Gordon ordered his slave.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Diana replied as she stood by the table
      with her eyes cast down. She was thirty-one with blonde hair that was cut
      short and a face that was well known in the cosmetic industry. Standing
      five-foot-eight and a shapely body to go along with her height, she made
      a striking figure. She was one of the highest paid models in New York and
      this was her way of escaping. Being a slave was something she would never
      think of doing outside in the real world but two weeks each year at The
      Spa was something she needed.    
&quot;Stand.&quot; Richard ordered his slave.   
&quot;Yes Master Richard.&quot; Thalia said. Both she and Diana
      were seasoned slaves having been at The Spa a few times before. While Thalia
      stood the men discussed her in the same degrading manner as Diana.    
&quot;Do you know what I like about her?&quot; Richard said.   
&quot;I could think of a few things. I'm sorry. Go ahead and tell
      me.&quot; Gordon replied while he looked over at his slave as she was going
      to sit back down.   
&quot;Who told you that you could sit.&quot; Gordon scolded Diana.   
&quot;I'm sorry Master.&quot; Diana replied in a subdued voice.   
&quot;I see that you need to get back into thinking like a slave.
      I'll refresh your memory later tonight.&quot; Gordon said.    
&quot;I'm sorry Richard. Go ahead with what you were saying.&quot;   
&quot;I like her small breasts. They're just the right size to
      match her height.&quot; Richard said as he scanned her five foot frame
      and her long jet black hair. Richard had wondered what it would be like
      to experience an oriental woman.   
&quot;If you don't have any objections, maybe we can swap slaves
      for a night during our vacation. I would like to see what your slave is
      like.&quot; Gordon said as he looked Thalia up and down.   
&quot;It might be interesting.&quot; Richard replied.   
&quot;I don't know about you, but I think I'll take my leave and
      see you tomorrow morning.&quot; Gordon said as he got up to leave.   
&quot;Are you going to punish me, Master?&quot; Thalia asked while
      Richard was leading her by the leash as they walked back to his bungalow.   
&quot;Do you think you need punishing?&quot; Richard replied with
      a question. This was all new to him but one thing he knew for sure was
      that he had an erection for most of the afternoon and that Thalia was going
      to give him the relief he needed.   
&quot;Oh yes Master. I've been a naughty girl and you should spank
      me.&quot; Thalia said in a little girl's voice.   
&quot;You can tell me later why I should spank you. However, if
      you need to be disciplined, you'll get it.&quot; Richard replied in a stern
      voice. He had never really spanked anyone before, unless he was fooling
      around with Allison.    
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Thalia said as she concealed a smile while
      she obediently followed her Master.   
&quot;Strip.&quot; Richard ordered as he stood in the middle of
      his room with his arms folded over his chest.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Thalia replied.   
After she had stripped, Richard left her standing while he went
      and returned with one of the paddles he spotted in the chest that was in
      the bedroom.   
&quot;Bend over my knee.&quot; Richard commanded once he had made
      himself comfortable in one of the cushioned chairs.   
&quot;Are you going to punish me, Master?&quot; Thalia said after
      positioning herself across his lap.   
&quot;It's no concern of yours if I do or don't.&quot; Richard
      said while he ran his hands over her nice rounded bottom. Before she could
      prepare herself for the spanking, Richard brought the paddle down hard
      on her bottom. Just as she cried out, Richard had connected with another
      blow to her bottom. She put up quite a fight, but with Richard holding
      her hands in the small of her back, she had no other choice but submit
      to the spanking. He had never hit a person like that; he did not know what
      got into him but he was enjoying himself as be kept on spanking her until
      she stopped wriggling and his arm got sore.   
&quot;What can I do for my Master?&quot; Thalia said between sobs
      as she rubbed her sore bottom while laying on the floor at Richards feet.   
&quot;On your hand's and knees and turn around.&quot; Richard ordered
      her in a firm voice.   
Kicking off his shoes and stripping the rest of his clothes off,
      Richard sat back in the chair and wrapped his hand around his erection.
      While he played with his penis, he ordered Thalia to wriggle her well spanked
      behind. As she did, he admired the paddle marks' on it. Kneeling behind
      her Richard moaned as he roughly shoved his erect penis into Thalia's moist
      vagina. He knew that his orgasm was close at hand as his penis repeatedly
      battered her moist vagina.    
&quot;Oh yes Master. Fuck me. Fuck me.&quot; Thalia cried as her
      orgasm peaked.   
Richard felt the heat that came off her bottom as his penis entered.
      As his passion built, he pushed one last time and leaned over her and squeezed
      her tiny breasts in his hands as he spewed his seed into her. They stayed
      in that position until Richard felt his penis begin to return to normal.
      Rolling off Thalia, he lay on his back and watched as she cleaned his slowly
      his penis of their mingled juices with her mouth.    
He had only been a master a short time but he liked it. The thoughts
      going through his head made his penis begin to stir again.   
&quot;Keep sucking.&quot; Richard ordered as Thalia stopped.   
&quot;Yes Mast.&quot; She began to say before Richard gently but
      firmly thrust her mouth back onto his penis.    
   
&quot;Let's see what we have? Strip.&quot; Steven ordered Allison
      once they were in his place.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied while slipping the dress
      off her shoulders and bending over and folding it neatly. Slipping off
      her sandals, she then removed her panties and laid them with the dress
      on the chair. With her heart beating wildly, she stood in the proper style
      of a slave with her eyes cast down and her hands folder in front of her
      as she waited for what her Master wanted of her.   
&quot;Keep your head up and push your chest out.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;   
&quot;A little small in the tit department.&quot; Steven commented.   
He offended her with that remark. Her breasts were one of her best
      features. She did not say anything as Steven took them in his hands and
      fondled them.    
&quot;Bend over and grab your ankles.&quot;    
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. Spreading her legs apart,
      she bent over and grasped her ankles. With her hair in her eyes, she followed
      the movement of her Master through the vee of her legs.    
&quot;You need to lose a few pounds back here.&quot; Richard commented
      as he ran his hands over her behind.    
She knew she needed to lose a few pounds, which was something she
      was going to do later this winter. She was not paying attention to what
      Steven was doing until she felt his hand land a hard swat on her bottom.   
&quot;Ouch!&quot; Allison groaned out loud.   
&quot;You say something, Slave.&quot;    
&quot;No Master.&quot;    
&quot;Bend over in front of me.&quot; Steven ordered while he sat
      on the couch and leaned forward.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison complied as again she spread her
      legs and grasp her ankle's.   
&quot;We must have been thinking naughty thoughts.&quot; Steven
      said as two of his fingers entered her wet vagina.   
She did not answer him as he continuously kept his fingers traveling
      in and out of her love cove. If he kept this up, she was going to lose
      control and orgasm all over his hand.   
&quot;Don't even think it, slave?&quot; Steven said. He knew she
      was getting close to getting off, but he was going to deny her it. Removing
      his fingers from their location, he ran them down the crevice of her bottom.   
&quot;Spread your cheeks.&quot; Steven ordered.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; She replied. Moving her hands from her
      ankles, she complied with his wishes. Holding her breath, she felt the
      pressure of a moist finger slowly entering her rectum.    
&quot;Loosen up.&quot; Steven said as he forced his finger a little
      further up the dark passage.   
&quot; Please stop Master. It hurts.&quot; Allison begged. It really
      did not hurt that much, actually it felt rather good. What she was afraid
      of was accidently making an embarrassing noise.   
&quot;Hush. You'll be taking something a lot bigger then my finger
      up there.&quot; Steven remarked as he removed his finger.   
Once he had finished probing her, he had her remove his clothes
      and fold them neatly.    
Steven was standing in his underwear with his hands on his waist,
      looking down on Allison. With her kneeling on the floor, she reached up
      to remove her Master's last piece of clothing. Pulling down his underwear
      over his hips she could see that he had an erection as it sprang free from
      the confinement of the underwear. She had seen plenty of cocks before.
      She would think it was about the same size as Richard's about seven inches.   
&quot;Sit on the couch beside me.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied.    
Without saying a word, Steven forced her legs apart once she got
      off the floor and sat next to him. She did not know if he wanted her do
      anything as he leaned down and took a sensitive nipple in his mouth and
      started sucking on it as his hand caressed the rest of the breast. Reaching
      awkwardly with her left hand, she started to stroke his rock hard penis
      with her hand.   
&quot;I want to watch as you play with yourself.&quot; Steven whispered
      in her ear after sucking on each breast. Taking her hand off his cock,
      he placed it on her sex and watched as she timidly started to stroke her
      clit.   
Arranging his body so that one arm went behind her neck, he could
      pull on the nipples of the one breast with his two fingers. His other hand
      could do the same on her other nipple when his arm crossed his body.   
&quot;Slip lower. Finger fuck yourself.&quot; Steven ordered.   
With her slipping lower on the couch, her breast's were pulled
      taut as Steven kept a firm hold on her sensitive nipples. When she eased
      two fingers' up her wet vagina, she let out a long lustful moan.   
&quot;Are you going to come?&quot; Steven asked in a low voice
      as he nibbled on her ear lob.   
&quot;Yes . . . Oh God . . . Yes, Yes.&quot; Allison moaned as
      her fingers' moved faster in and out of her pussy, while her other hand
      was feverishly rubbing her clit. Allison never in her life had ever masturbated
      in front of another person. That was something you did in private. Yet
      for some reason ever since she had become a slave, a change had come over
      her that she could not believe. Not only was she doing things that she
      would not have done elsewhere, but she was enjoying them.    
&quot;You never asked permission if you could come. You're a naughty
      slave, I'm going to have to punish you for that.&quot; Steven said after
      he had watched her bring herself to a nerve-racking orgasm.   
&quot;I'm sorry Master.&quot; Allison sobbed when she removed her
      fingers and let herself come back down to earth.   
&quot;It's kind of late to apologize.&quot; Steven said after he
      had forced her off the couch and back on the carpet and took a step forward
      so that his penis was leveled with her face.   
Allison did not need to be told what to do. As she went to take
      Steven's penis in her hands, he grabbed her hands.   
&quot;Use only your mouth.&quot; Steven said after he had taken
      her two hands in his.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied as she crouched on the
      floor.   
&quot;Stay!&quot; Steven ordered as he let go of her hands and
      walked into a room that was off to Allison's right.   
He was gone only a minute, but upon returning Allison shuddered
      when she saw what he had in his hands. Dangling from his hand were two
      pairs of handcuffs. Steven fastened her hands behind her back and the other
      set of cuffs were secured around her ankles, connecting the two sets of
      cuffs there was a chain.    
Steven pulled on the back of her hair so that it tilted her head
      upwards and he was looking into her hazel blue eyes.   
&quot;Open wide.&quot; Steven commanded as he stepped forward and
      directed the tip of his penis in her wide-open mouth.   
Oral sex was not new to her as she applied her talents on pleasing
      her Master with her mouth. Allison never thought that being at the mercy
      of someone could be so inconceivably stimulating. Standing with his legs
      spread and his hands on his waist, he watched as she sucked him off. Every
      so often he would grab the back of her head and force her to take his penis
      in her mouth a little further.   
She knew he was getting close to coming as she tasted the salty
      flavor of his arousal and she renewed her efforts to please him. With her
      saliva coating his penis, she could take all of him at once. She was hoping
      that he would orgasm soon, her jaw was beginning to hurt from having to
      keep it open so wide to adapt to his organ.    
The first volley of his arousal hit the back of her mouth and she
      swallowed it eagerly. A feeling of contentment washed over her as she willingly
      accepted the rest of her Master's seed. She breathed through her nose while
      he pressed her head against his body while his penis slowly shrunk in size.
      Removing his penis from her mouth, he took her face in his hand and looked
      at the mess that it was in.   
&quot;A little sloppy.&quot; Steven said. With his finger he cleaned
      his spent sperm and her saliva that had seeped from her mouth and had dribbled
      down her chin off her face.   
&quot;I'm sor . . . &quot; Allison started to say before Steven
      held his finger up to Allison's mouth for her to clean off. She knew what
      was expected of her without him saying anything. As she licked his fingers,
      for some reason this whole degrading act was making her horny. He had just
      removed his fingers from her mouth when there was a knock on the door.    
She stole a look at who was at the door from her subdued position
      on the floor. Looking up with her downcast eyes she saw that it was Peter,
      this was the man who made her strip when they first arrived.    
&quot;Come in Peter. Can I get you a drink?&quot; Steven asked
      as he ushered his guest in. It seemed it did not matter to Steven that
      he was still in the nude.   
&quot;No thank you. Steven. I just dropped by to see how you were
      making out with the new slave.&quot; Peter replied.   
&quot;She's learning.&quot; Steven said as he stroked Allison's
      hair and forced her head against his thigh.    
&quot;I see you already had to discipline her.&quot; Peter remarked
      as he could not help but notice the shackles on her.    
She figured that Steven would get spoken to about the way he was
      treating her. She was not prepared for what happened next.   
&quot;No. I made her perform oral sex on me. She has quite a talent
      for sucking cock. She's one of the best I had.&quot; Steven replied as
      his fingers twinned themselves in her hair.   
She could not believe that the two men were openly talking about
      that in front of her. She went beet red from embarrassment when Steven
      ask Peter if he wanted to sample her talents. Thank God he declined.   
&quot;I was just going to string her up and give her a good spanking.
      You're quite welcome to stay and watch? That's if you care?&quot; Steven
      asked while he patted her head as if she was a dog.   
&quot;If you don't mind. I think I will. It's always a thrill watching
      a newcomer getting strung up. What kind of strap are you going to use?&quot; Peter
      replied as he made himself comfortable in a chair next to Allison.   
&quot;I was thinking of using a light wooden paddle.&quot; Steven
      replied.   
&quot;Slave, has anyone punished you in this style?&quot; Peter
      asked.   
&quot;No Master.&quot; Allison replied. She thought she should
      use the word master for Peter. She did not know the proper form of respect
      to use. But one thing she did learn so far with her short time here at
      The Spa was that she was only a slave and no matter how amount of pleading
      she did the masters would do as they pleased. She knew she was going to
      get spanked. By showing respect, she hoped the spanking would not be too
      severe.    
&quot;A wise choice on the right instrument for the spanking.&quot; Peter
      said to Steven. He sat and watched as Steven unlocked Allison's restraints
      and helped her to her feet. Again he handcuffed her, but this time with
      her hands over her head. Steven fastened the handcuffs it to an eye-hook
      that was bolted to the ceiling.   
Standing on her tiptoes with her arms stretched above her head,
      she followed Steven with her eyes as he went over to the bar and poured
      himself a drink. From somewhere in the complex, she heard a cry coming
      from a male elsewhere in the complex.   
&quot;Sounds as if someone else is getting punished.&quot; Steven
      said as he leisurely sipped his drink and carried on a conversation with
      Peter.    
Allison braced herself as Steven finally walked over to her. He
      had left her hanging there for a good half hour and she was feeling the
      strain of it. Every so often she heard the same man cry out in pain or
      in ecstasy.   
&quot;Kiss it.&quot; Steven ordered her when he held the paddle
      up to her lips.   
&quot;Please Master, have pity on me.&quot; Allison pleaded with
      Steven. After kissing the paddle he never said anything as he walked behind
      her. She closed her eyes knowing what to expect. The first stroke jolted
      her but it did not hurt like she thought it would. The next six strokes
      were of the same intensity. If the rest of the spanking would be like this
      there was no need of being nervous. She was ashamed to admit it but she
      was getting turned on.   
&quot;You enjoying this slave?&quot; Steven said, pulling her hair
      so that she was looking up at the ceiling as he spoke into her ear.   
&quot;No Master.&quot;   
&quot;We'll see.&quot; Steven replied as he continued to administer
      the paddle to her bottom.   
She could not tell when the paddling she was receiving turned from
      being pleasant to hurting. Maybe it was after a dozen strokes, she did
      not know. However, her bottom felt as if it was on fire and as he applied
      each additional stoke she cried out. Steven was a master with the paddle,
      he time each stroke just when Allison unclinched her buttocks so she would
      get the full effect of the paddle.   
&quot;Are we still enjoying ourselves?&quot; Steven asked as he
      stopped his spanking of her.   
&quot;Please Master. Stop. Ohhhh please.&quot; Allison begged as
      tears ran down her face.    
&quot;How would you like to be kept tied up for the rest of the
      night?&quot; Steven teased.   
&quot;Oh please Master. No. I'll do anything for you. Let me suck
      you off again. Oh Master, Please don't keep me like this.&quot; She cried.
      With tears streaming down her face, Steven took pity on her and released
      her from her bonds.   
Steven surprised her when he lowered himself to the floor and unhooked
      her restraints and than kissed her passionately on the lips. After breaking
      off the kiss he gently laid her down on her back and crawled between her
      outstretched legs. She turned her head to see what Peter was doing and
      noticed that he had left sometime during her punishment. Steven was a connoisseur
      at oral sex. As his tongue circled her clit, he gently inserted his middle
      into her wet vagina. As he brought her to new peaks of sexuality, she closed
      her eyes and raised her hips to meet his talented tongue and finger.   
&quot;I'm going to come.&quot; Allison moaned while Steven was
      softly sucking on her sensitive clit.   
&quot;No your not.&quot; Steven said as he stopped what he was
      doing. &quot;I forbid it. I want you aroused at all times.&quot;   
Steven positioned himself between Allison's legs and entered her
      gently with his penis.    
Wrapping her legs around him, she bit back the urge to let herself
      have an orgasm. Letting herself come would be so easy. But her Master denied
      her to have one until he gave her permission.    
He picked up his pace in his love making and she knew he was going
      to ejaculate as he hugged her a little tighter. With her whispering little
      love words in his ear, she felt him go rigid as he erupted inside her.   
Afterwards, he allowed her to relax in the whirlpool bath with
      him. The warm water helped her painful bottom and aching body. Steven eased
      up on his superiority over her a little by allowing her to have a drink
      with him as both relaxed in the whirlpool.    
&quot;You'll sleep here tonight with me.&quot; He told her as she
      was toweling him off.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. Steven was a strange man
      she was thinking. At times he treated her as almost an equal as when he
      had made love to her. Still, he had denied her an orgasm although she wanted
      one. When the two of them were in the whirlpool, he made her slide over
      one of the water jets that was aimed at her sex. It seemed he took a perverse
      pleasure in watching her squirm in anguish about not being allowed to have
      an orgasm.   
&quot;Do you have to go to the washroom before going to bed?&quot; Steven
      asked when Allison was drying herself off with his discarded towel.    
&quot;Not right now Master.&quot; She replied.    
&quot;You better go now. You'll be chained to your bed tonight.
      We would not like you to have an accident. Would we?&quot; Steven remarked   
&quot;You don't have to tie me up Master. I won't run away.&quot;    
&quot;Oh. I'm not worried about you running. I don't want you playing
      with yourself after I have gone to sleep. If I remember correctly, you
      were begging me to let you come.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. She knew she was beat
      as she went and sat on the toilet. She would never get used to doing this
      in the presence of another person. Glancing up at Steven who was standing
      by the doorway watching her as she was relieving herself.    
Laying in bed on her back after Steven handcuffed her hands to
      the bed posts, she thought back on the day she had. Steven knew want she
      was going to do. When he denied her the pleasure of having an orgasm, she
      had it in the back of her mind to release the need herself later. She was
      a little uncomfortable but she knew she would not have a hard time going
      to sleep. The last thought she had before sleep overtook her was how Richard
      was doing.  CHAPTER 8****   
Richard awoke with the warmth of a beautiful tropical morning flooding
      through the open window. With his eyes still closed, he took a deep breath
      and smelt the aroma of fresh brewed coffee. He basked in contentment of
knowing that he was on vacation before opening his eye's.   
&quot;Is my Master awake?&quot; Thalia said while she sat on the
      floor and watched Richard.   
&quot;What time is it?&quot; He asked after he finished stretching.   
&quot;Seven o'clock Master.&quot; Thalia replied.   
&quot;Is that coffee I smell?&quot; Richard asked as he swung his
      feet onto the floor.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;   
&quot;Get me a cup while I go to the bathroom.&quot; Richard said
      as he went into the washroom.   
Richard was not paying attention while he was standing at the toilet
      with his penis in his hand when Thalia walked up to him.   
&quot;Here let me do that for you. Master. &quot; She said as she
      calmly took his penis in her hand and aimed it into the toilet bowl. She
      liked this Master. She was hoping that he was not like some of the other
      masters she had who were afraid to show their forcefulness. So far Master
      Richard had dominated her the way she like it.   
When Richard got over the shock of someone holding his cock while
      he peed, he followed Thalia out into the living room where she had his
      coffee waiting for him on the coffee table.   
&quot;I don't know what you like in your coffee, Master?&quot; She
      said after he sat on the couch and her on the floor.    
&quot;One sugar and cream.&quot; Richard replied.   
Sitting back and sipping his coffee, he felt himself begin to get
      aroused as he looked at Thalia.   
&quot;Masturbate for me.&quot; Richard ordered while he took his
      semi hard erection in his hand and started stroking it.    
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Thalia said. Sticking two of her fingers
      in her mouth to get them moist she then ran them over her vulva as she
      spread her legs.   
The last thing on Richard's mind was his golf game with Roger.
      He kept stroking himself as he told Thalia to get into different positions.
      With him coming three times the night before, he had a harder time than
      usual obtaining an erection. Sitting his emptied coffee cup on the end-table,
      he stood and walked over to Thalia who was laying on the floor.    
&quot;Ram that finger up your ass.&quot; Richard directed Thalia
      while he jerked his penis over her face. Whatever got into him he did not
      know. He never did this kind of stuff with Allison. Yet ever since he had
      been here at The Spa, he had been hornier and kinkier then ever. He was
      going to take advantage of it as he felt himself ready to come. He was
      thinking how good that felt as he watched his come hit Thalia in the face.   
&quot;Can I come, Master?&quot; Thalia begged as the last of his
      come landed on her.   
&quot;Clean yourself up first, with your finger.&quot; Richard
      said as he leaned down and stuck the come splattered palm of his hand to
      her lips.   
&quot;Thank you, Master.&quot; Thalia said as she started to lick
      his palm.   
&quot;I'll be taking a bath. When you're finished, you can help
      with it.&quot; Richard said while he watched her clean his sperm from her
      face with her finger. Last night he had been pretty lenient with her. Allowing
      her to come anytime she wanted. Well today is going to be different, she'll
      have to do a little more begging than last night.    
&quot;What will you do when I'm playing golf?&quot; Richard asked
      as Thalia washed his back.   
&quot;There's all kind of things for us slaves to do. However,
      most of all we'll be waiting for our Master's command.&quot; She replied
      as she continued bathing him.    
   
Allison was still shackled to the bed as she listened to Steven
      taking his shower. She was hoping that he would finish soon so that he
      could free her. As she lay in bed, she was thinking of how yesterday seemed
      as if it was a dream. The reservation she had on becoming a slave was not
      near as bad as she feared.    
&quot;Maybe he might make love to me this morning.&quot; Allison
      was thinking. She was aroused when she went to bed last night. One orgasm
      was never enough for her and this morning her state of arousal was worst
      as she squeezed her legs together. With her mind thinking wicked thoughts,
      it would not take much for her to orgasm.   
&quot;It looks as if my little slave is aroused.&quot; Steven whispered
      in her ear. Allison screamed when he did that. She must have dozed off
      and never heard Steven enter the room.   
After unlocking her handcuff, she followed him as he entered the
      bathroom. She had just about got over her disgust of doing her personal
      business in front of other people, she figured if they got off on watching
      a person pee, so be it. Upon entering the bathroom, it surprised her that
      there were two other people in the room.   
&quot;This is Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol. There here to give
      you your morning enema.&quot; Steven said.   
Doctor Redfield stood a little on the short side, standing about
      five foot five and was in his late forties with the first signs of gray
      creeping into his hair. His counterpart, Nurse Carol was about forty with
      shoulder length auburn hair and standing close to six feet.    
Something that Allison noticed about herself was that she had been
      paying closer attention on how physically fit a person was. She could tell
      these two people looked after their selves, also they carried a look of
      authority about them.   
Allison did not know what to do. She looked at Steven with pleading
      eyes. It was one thing for people watching you as you relieved yourself,
      but this was totally different. She did not say anything as she went to
      slip past Steven who was standing by the door.   
&quot;No, you don't&quot; Steven said as he caught her in his arms
      as she tried to wriggle past him.   
&quot;Please Master.&quot; Allison moaned.   
&quot;If you cooperate. It will be easier on you.&quot; Nurse Carol
      said as she grabbed Allison's legs. Nurse Carol and Doctor Redfield had
      been with The Spa since it started. Neither one of them would think of
      missing a session. Both had their own special reasons for being here. It
      definitely was not for money as both donated their time.   
Carol was used to handling rebellious slaves. While they laid her
      on the rubber mat on the floor, Steven held down her shoulders while Carol
      stood over her and forced her legs over her head so that it raised her
      bottom a little. She screamed and begged to be let go to no avail. She
      watched in terror as Doc Redfield slipped on a pair of plastic gloves and
      then took a tube of something from his medicine bag. Allison did not have
      to guess what was going to happen next. With her eyes shut tight, she felt
      the ointment being spread around the entrance of her anus and then a finger
      with the ointment on it being forced up her bottom. After he removed the
      finger, Doc Redfied inserted another object. Then the most awful feeling
      came over her as the solution from the enema entered her. With never having
      an enema, she did not know what to expect.   
&quot;This is enough for now.&quot; Doc Redfield said as he felt
      Allison's abdomen with his hand.   
After a short time, which felt a lot longer for her, the doctor
      removed the hose from her anus. She had thought that she had been through
      enough humiliation, but she was not prepared for the three of them watching
      her as she sat on the toilet expelling her waste.   
She was thinking how humiliating this was, this has to be the most
      disgusting thing that had ever happened to her. As she looked up into her
      masters eyes after she wiped her bottom, he gave her a nod of approval
      and continued his conversation with Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol. After
      the doctor and the nurse had left, Steven permitted her to have a coffee
      with him before she went to her exercises.    
&quot;You will be taking exercises while you're here.&quot; Steven
      explained.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. With her sitting across
      from Steven, he could see her crotch as she sat with her legs spread. She
      smiled to herself as she looked and seen the effect she had on him. Without
      any embarrassment he adjusted the erection he had as he stood up.   
&quot;I'll show you where the gym is. I want to see some other
      guests that I know.&quot; Steven said.    
Steven surprised Allison when he did not put her lease on her.
      He explained that wearing a lease was only for show and he did not always
      use one on his slaves. So with her following a few steps behind him, he
      escorted her to the gym that was in the general area as the restaurants.   
It took her a few moments to adjust the dimness of the gym as she
      stepped out of the morning sunshine of the tropics. Looking about, she
      saw Alicia standing by herself.    
Walking over and greeting her, the two women stood and chatted
      a few minutes until Allison motioned to Alicia for them to have a seat
      so that they would not have to stand while they talked.   
&quot;No thank you. You go ahead and sit.&quot; Alicia said as
      she rubbed her bottom.   
&quot;Why?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Mistress Meka is an excellent mistress, but she loves that
      strap.&quot; Alicia said with a weak smile.   
&quot;I know the feeling. I got it last night, also&quot; Allison
      replied. For some reason this sounded funny, having a conversation like
      this. The two women stated to snicker as they meet each others eyes.   
&quot;What I found that I hated the most was Master Steven had
      that Doc Redfield and the nurse what's her name, give me an enema. I'm
      going to make a complaint about that.&quot; Allison continued to say once
      she could talk without laughing.   
&quot;If I were you, I won't complain. All the slaves here have
      had their morning enema.&quot; Alicia said.   
&quot;All of them, even you?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Yes even me. While we're doing our morning exercises, the
      other slaves are getting their morning enemas. You see the doctor and nurse
      are here for the protection of us slaves. While they're doing that dastardly
      deed of cleaning us out, they're checking on our well being. They want
      to make sure that our masters or mistresses don't get carried away with
      punishing us.&quot; Alicia said.   
&quot;So even if I did complain it would not stop me from getting
      a morning enema.&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;No, it wouldn't. It might even make it rougher on you.&quot; Alicia
      said.   
&quot;What do you mean, that by complaining that it might be rougher
      on me?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;I know with me, if Mistress Mika found out that I complained
      about her treatment of me. Let's just say that she would get her revenge
      on me.&quot; Alicia said. About than she turned to watch a middle age man
      walk into the gym.   
&quot;Okay slaves line up single file.&quot; Tim Jansen the fitness
      instructor ordered. Tim was another professional person. He was a physical
      fitness trainer for a major baseball team and he took the winter session
      of the winter exercise classes.   
&quot;My name is Master Tim, and don't forget it. Now, everyone
      strip down to your underwear.&quot; Tim ordered.   
&quot;Master Tim.&quot;   
&quot;Yes&quot;   
&quot;Master Tim my Master took my underwear. I'm not wearing any.&quot; Tanya
      said. She was the same blond that Allison had seen yesterday.   
&quot;Well, well, I guess you'll have to do our exercise in the
      nude. Strip!&quot; Tim ordered. &quot; I want everyone to pick a partner.
      Some of these exercises will require pairs.&quot; Tim said as he walked
      up and down the line of slaves while all of them stood in their underwear
      but for Tanya.   
For the next half hour, Tim put the six female and four male slaves
      through their morning exercises. At one point Allison thought she was going
      to drop from exhaustion but she managed to continue until Tim called a
      ten minute rest break. The next half hour was just as grueling and when
      Master Tim told everyone to run two laps of the track, you could hear the
      groans coming from the slaves.   
&quot;Okay slaves, that's it. Be here tomorrow at the same time.&quot; Tim
      said. This was one job he enjoyed as he watched the slaves get dress. He
      spotted one or two male slaves that he took a fancy to. By the end of this
      two-week session, he knew he would get to sample some of them.   
&quot;Wow. I don't know if I'm more hungry or in need of a shower.&quot; Alicia
      said while she slipped her dress over her head.   
&quot; I know what I want. A shower.&quot; Allison replied as she
      wiped the sweat from under her breasts with her dress before she put it
      on.   
&quot;Well why not go back to our place and get human, then go
      out for breakfast.&quot; Alicia said.    
&quot;Sounds good to me. Let's go.&quot; Allison said.   
Standing under the shower, Allison never thought water could feel
      so good. After scrubbing the grime from her body, she washed and rinsed
      her hair after which she took care on applying her makeup. Allison was
      sitting and looking through a magazine when Alicia walked out of her room.
      She had forgotten how aroused she was when she awoke this morning until
      she saw Alicia walk out to meet her. The chemistry must have been the same
      with Alicia because both women stopped and looked at each other with longing
      in their eyes.   
&quot;Are we ready . . . I could eat a horse?&quot; Allison stammered.    
&quot;Yes. Let's go.&quot; Alicia said.   
On the way over Alicia explained about the eatery that the slaves
      used. Allison was just barely paying attention to what Alicia was saying.
      She was still confused with the sexual feelings for Alicia that was going
      through her mind. She did have a couple of sexual experiences with another
      woman, but that was a long time ago and she thought she was over those
      feelings.   
The restaurant for the slaves was of the same high quality food
      as the regular restaurants, the only thing missing was the fancy decor.
      A few of the slaves that they had their exercises with were also there
      and the two women acknowledge their fellow slaves. Another thing about
      the restaurant was that it was ala carte. As Alicia commented with a chuckle
      'You can't have people waiting on slaves. It just isn't right.' With that
      statement both women looked at each other and broke up laughing. Allison
      laughed so hard that her sides hurt. After both woman finally stopped laughing,
      they got a food tray and got in line to see what there was to eat. By the
      smell of the food, they knew that they would not be disappointed with the
      buffet.   
The women were relaxing over a second cup of coffee when Allison
      received her first jolts that came from her collar.   
&quot;It looks like your master is summoning you.&quot; Alicia
      said as she watched Allison look around the restaurant.   
&quot;Yes. Can you tell me where the computer terminal is?&quot; Allison
      asked as she was getting up from the table.   
&quot;In the far corner. By the washroom.&quot; Alicia pointed
      Allison in the right direction.   
Stepping up to one of the three terminals, Allison entered the
      proper response.   
SLAVE ALLISON   
After a few seconds the reply appeared on the screen.   
MEET ME AT BEAUTY SALOON   
When she arrived back at the table, Allison told Alicia what Steven
      wanted before she left.   
&quot;If your master gets finished with you early enough I'll be
      at the pool if you want to join me.&quot; Alicia said with a smile on her
      face.   
&quot;Did you have a good day so far?&quot; Steven said when Allison
      arrived.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;    
&quot;You need a hair cut. Follow me.&quot; Steven ordered. With
      Allison a couple of steps behind, he entered the beauty saloon.   
&quot;Good morning Steven. What can I do for you today?&quot; Pierre
      said in French while he shook Steven's hand. Just like so many of his fellow
      proprietors who were at The Spa, whenever he could make it to a session,
      he would donate his services. Pierre ran his own successful hair saloon
      in Paris France.   
Allison's French was not the greatest but she did understand most
      of the conversation that Steven and Pierre had. One thing she did understand
      was when Steven ordered a special haircut for his slave. When Allison heard
      the word special, she cringed. She had only been here a day but she knew
      already that nothing was done for the slaves benefit.   
&quot;When you're finished, I'll be at the Greek restaurant.&quot; Steven
      said as he was leaving.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;    
&quot;Strip.&quot; Pierre ordered with a smile on his face.   
Once she had striped, Pierre told her to sit in the barber's chair
      after he had laid a towel on it. She was more than embarrassed as Pierre
      ran his finger along the groove of her sex. With her face turning a couple
      of shades of red, she was ashamed of herself for being so turned on. Ever
      since she had arrived at this resort, she was in a consent state of arousal.   
&quot;My. You seemed to be a little moist?&quot; Pierre said as
      he ran his finger under his nose as he breathed deeply before licking his
      finger.   
Allison did not say anything. She knew how aroused she was without
      anybody telling her.   
&quot;Answer me slave.&quot;    
&quot;Yes Master. I am aroused.&quot; Allison replied with the
      right response. They told her upon entering this complex that a slave was
      to reply to any of the hired help as Master or Mistress. That included
      hair stylist or any number of the hired help from a waiter or waitress
      to a maid or chef.    
She closed her eyes and bit her lip as she felt the warm shaving
      cream being spread over her pubic area. Within a matter of minutes Pierre
      had shaved her pubic area clean of any hair. However, the most humiliating
      part was yet to come.    
&quot;Stand up and bend over. I want to make sure that your bottom
      is hair free.&quot; Pierre ordered.   
She could have died when she went to stand. Without knowing it,
      she had an audience of about four people that had watched as the barber
      shaved her.   
&quot;How spread those ass cheeks with your hands. I don't want
      to nick you with the razor.&quot; Pierre commanded.   
Thank God within a few minutes her ordeal was over and he allowed
      her to get dress.   
As she finished dressing and was about to leave she glanced at
      Pierre as he cleared his throat. With the look in his eyes, she knew what
      he wanted.   
&quot;Thank you Master.&quot; Allison said.   
&quot;Next.&quot; Pierre said as the next person took the seat. &quot; Damn
      it, I like a will mannered slave.&quot; Pierre was thinking as he started
      on his next customer.   
She had had her pubes shaved before but now as she walked to meet
      her Master, she never felt so sensual in her life.   
Taking a quick glance around the restaurant, she spotted Master
      Steven sitting with two other people. Standing with her eyes cast down
      she knew in his own good time that her master would recognize her presence.    
&quot;Lift your dress and pull down your panties.&quot; Steven
      ordered.   
Feeling a little self conscious, she lifted her dress and hooked
      it at the waist and then bending a little at the waist as she rolled her
      panties over her hips and down her legs.   
&quot;That's far enough.&quot; Steven remarked when she had rolled
      them to around her knees.   
Standing with her panties around her knees, Steven ordered her
      to squat and bend forward as she held onto the table for support. She knew
      what to expect, but she could not help but jump as her master's fingers
      ran their way over her clean-shaven area.   
&quot;Hm. He did a good job of shaving her. I just might have my
      slave shaved. That looks kind of cute.&quot; Mistress Meka said as she
      watched Steven examine Allison.   
&quot;Here feel for yourself.&quot; Steven commented as he lightly
      patted Allison on the rear for her to move so that her bottom was now facing
      Meka.   
&quot;The shaving must have done something to your slave. She is
      ready to go off like a rocket.&quot; Meka said as her fingers tortured
      Allison's secret parts with light caresses. After examining Allison to
      her satisfaction she ordered Allison to kneel in front of her.   
&quot;Clean my fingers of your filth.&quot; Meka ordered as she
      held out her fingers for Allison to lick them.   
It was not until Allison was meekly making her way out of the restaurant
      that she spotted her husband and another man sitting watching her. A perverse
      sensation ran through her body knowing that her husband had witnessed her
      recent humiliation. On her way to join Alicia the thought ran through her
      to go back to her room and masturbate. God, she was so fucking horny. Still,
      she wanted to become a slave and just like everything else she did, she
      wanted to be the best. She'll just go and join her friend at the pool and
      relax.   
Once Allison had left the restaurant, Steven asked the waiter to
      bring him a telephone.   
&quot;Give me security.&quot; Steven asked.   
&quot;This is Master Steven and I would like for you to monitor
      my slaves quarters.&quot;    
&quot;Slave Allison.&quot;   
&quot;Yes. Let me know if she attempts anything.&quot;   
&quot;Thank you.&quot; Steven replied as he handed the phone back
      to the waiter.   
&quot;Do you think your slave will be tempted to play with herself?&quot; Meka
      asked.   
&quot;You said yourself she was ready to orgasm when you were feeling
      her.&quot; Steven replied.   
&nbsp;   
&quot;Well Richard, how did it go your first night here?&quot; Gordon
      asked as the men shook hands with each other before teeing off.   
&quot;I think I could get used to having a slave. How about yourself?&quot; Richard
      replied with a chuckle.   
&quot;I though Diana was going to fuck me to death. I was thinking,
      how do you feel on getting our slaves to put on a girl show for us?&quot; Gordon
      probed.    
&quot;A grand idea. Still, I think we should play golf before I
      change my mind about playing and summon Thalia.&quot; Richard said as he
      took a wood from his golf bag and walked up to the first tee.    
The men were glad that they had chosen an early morning round of
      golf. By the time they had finished both of them were perspiring as they
      walked off the course.   
&quot;How about grabbing something to eat?&quot; Richard asked
      as the men were showering.   
&quot;That sounds like a good idea. Where do you want to eat?&quot; Gordon
      replied.   
&quot;It doesn't matter to me.&quot; Richard said.   
&quot;Let's try the Spanish restaurant. They put on a good buffet
      for lunch.&quot; Gordon responded.   
Once they finished showering and dressing the men leisurely started
      walking toward the restaurants. On the way Gordon explained that only two
      restaurants per day put on a lunch buffet.    
&quot;At one time all four had a breakfast and lunch spread. They
      stopped when they found out there was too much waste so the restaurant's
      cut back to two different restaurants per day looking after breakfast and
      lunch.&quot; Gordon explained as they walked.   
Breakfast and lunch was informal but the food was still beyond
      description as the chefs took pride in every delicacy they made. As the
      men relaxed with a drink, the conversation was on their recent golf game.
      They were not paying attention when a woman walked over to their table.   
&quot;Good morning. How are the two of you doing?&quot; Meka asked.
      When she and her two male companions walked in, she had no trouble spotting
      Richard and Gordon sitting in the far corner.   
&quot;Good morning.&quot; Richard said in surprise. Gordon followed
      with the similar reply to Meka and then shaking hands with her and the
      two men. Richard knew one of the men from yesterday, but not the other.
      He introduced himself and shook hands with Steven. After talking for a
      few minutes, Meka's party excused themselves with promises of meeting up
      together later. When they retired to a table on the other side of the room,
      Gordon and Richard continued with their earlier conversation.   
&quot;There's that slave again. God she's beautiful.&quot; Gordon
      remarked as he looked over at the doorway when Allison timidly walked in
      looking for her master.   
&quot;Yes. She looks good.&quot; Richard replied as he casually
      continuing eating his lunch.   
After Allison had left the restaurant, Richard took his leave also.
      The two men talked for a few minutes about meeting again for dinner with
      their slaves at eight o'clock. What Richard wanted was to do some investigating
      on his own. He did not want his slave or anyone around, he just wanted
      to be by himself. A big worry was lifted from his shoulders, he was worried
      how Allison was making out. As he made his way to his quarters, he knew
      his wife was in good hands.  CHAPTER 9****   
It surprised Allison the amount of slaves that were around the
      recreation area. There were slaves swimming in the pool, a pair playing
      horseshoes and four people at a card table playing some kind of card game.
Looking around she spotted Alicia reclining nude in a recliner by the pool.   
&quot;Here relax.&quot; Alicia said as she sat up when she saw
      Allison.   
&quot;Gee I never thought there would be this many people here.&quot; Allison
      said as she sat in the recliner next to Alicia.   
&quot;Where else would we be. We have to do something as we await
      our masters pleasure. You will find some slaves in the library, but most
      will be around the pool area.&quot; Alicia explained with a hint of a chuckle
      in her voice.   
&quot;I can see we're not supplied swim wear?&quot; Allison remarked
      as she watched a nude woman drive into the pool.   
&quot;If you want, you can wear your underwear. In the past a few
      slaves have paid dearly with handing in wet underwear to be cleaned. I
      don't mind my Master chastising me, but it's humiliating to be laid over
      the lap of the laundress and get paddled.&quot; Alicia stated.   
&quot;How about the guys, are they nude also?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Well, just about. They still wear their restraint around
      their genitals. The only time those are removed is by their master or mistress.&quot; Alicia
      replied before she was interrupted by a couple of men trying to get her
      attention who were waist deep in the pool.   
&quot;Hey Alicia, how would you and your friend like to join us
      in a game of water volleyball.&quot; One of the men said.   
&quot;Shall we.?&quot; Alicia said turning to Allison.   
&quot;I got a small problem.&quot; Allison whispered to her friend.   
&quot;What is it. Is it serious?&quot; Alicia asked with concern
      for her friend   
Allison told her about how her master had her private area shaved.
      She explained that she was self-conscious about been seen like that. After
      a little reassuring that nobody really cared, Allison removed her dress
      and panties and followed Alicia into the pool.    
&quot;Hell. By the time two weeks are up, half of us will have
      our privates shaved.&quot; Alicia commented as one of the guys got ready
      to serve the ball.   
Allison could not remember the last time she had so much fun. Lately
      her only form of entertainment revolved around work. As the afternoon sped
      by, she found herself laughing and joking with her fellow slaves. It was
      only after her and Alicia were having a late bite to eat for lunch that
      Alicia mentioned that they should get some rest.   
&quot;All that exercise has tired me out. I need to have a nap,
      God knows what my mistress has in store for me tonight.&quot; Alicia jokingly
      said as the two women were walking back to their rooms.   
Allison stripped off her dirty clothes and curled up on the bed.
      For a moment she thought of wearing clean clothes to bed but chuckled to
      herself as she lay on top of the sheets naked. She ran her hands over her
      body and was tempted to masturbate to relieve some of the sexual frustration
      she was feeling but decided against it and dozed off to sleep.   
&quot;Allison, Allison.&quot; Someone was calling her name as if
      in a dream and gently shaking her.   
&quot;Go away. Let me sleep.&quot; She replied without opening
      her eyes.   
&quot;Come on. It's time to wake up.&quot; The person replied.   
&quot;What time is it?&quot; She said after shaking her head and
      rubbing her eyes. For a moment she did not have a clue where she was or
      if it was morning or evening until she looked at Alicia who was trying
      to wake her.   
&quot;It's six o'clock. You want to look charming for your master.
      Don't you?&quot; Alicia replied.   
When she finally rubbed the sleep out of her eyes, it surprised
      her that she had slept for three hours. The first thing she needed was
      a shower. The hot water revived her and helped to relax her stiff muscles
      from the workout she had given her body. Next she needed to go to the washroom.
      Hearing the shower running in Alicia's room, she thought she would run
      over to the washroom and relieve her need before being detected. Walking
      into the washroom, she stopped dead in her tracks. She did not expect Bryan
      to be there. He was not present when Alicia and she had returned to their
      room and she thought no more of it. Now as she stood in the doorway in
      the buff, she hesitated for a moment on what to do.    
&quot;Hello Bryan. How was your day?&quot; She asked as she walked
      by him and sat on the toilet reserved for her.   
&quot;Oh. I spent most of the day catching up on my reading. It's
      unbelievable the library they have here.&quot; Bryan replied as he continued
      shaving.   
&quot;Getting all cleaned up for tonight are you.&quot; Allison
      asked. She found if she kept talking, her embarrassment did not seem so
      great.   
&quot;Mistress Nicole warned me. If she felt one hair on my face
      that I would be sorry.&quot; Bryan talked on as he inspected his face for
      any stumble he might have missed.   
For the next couple of minutes the two of them carried on conversation
      with him asking her about if she liked it here and about her master. He
      had the good grace not to look at her will she was going about her business.
      With both bidding each other a pleasant evening, Bryan turned and walked
      out of the room.   
Allison looked at Bryan as he was leaving and noticed that his
      bottom was criss-crossed with the signs of him being spanked, quite hard
      from the way it looked. 'Did everyone get paddled last night' she was thinking
      while she made her way to her room to get ready for the evening?   
&quot;I'm off. The Bitch has summoned me.&quot; Alicia said with
      a chuckle as she poked her head around the corner of Allison's room.   
&quot;You look beautiful.&quot; Allison commented.   
&quot;I hope Mistress Meka thinks the same. It's going to be a
      long night.&quot;    
&quot;Before you go. I got a question?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Hurry up and ask. Mistress Meka is not a patient person.&quot;   
&quot;Do I wait here for my master to call?&quot; Allison explored.   
&quot;Yes and be dressed and ready.&quot;    
&quot;See you tomorrow. Bye.&quot; Alicia said as she leaned down
      and gave Allison a light kiss on the lips.   
&quot;Wow.&quot; Allison gasped after Alicia had gone.    
Allison was reclining and flipping the television channels just
      to kill time as she waited for her master to summon her. Shortly after
      Alicia had left, Mistress Nicole had summoned Bryan also. She wondered
      what Master Steven had planned for her tonight. She was hoping that he
      would allow her to orgasm more than he did last night. Will he spank me
      again, it was kind of exciting though it smarted? The vibration of her
      collar cut her daydreaming short, telling her that her master was beckoning
      her.   
Dinner was intimate with only the two of them dinning at the French
      restaurant. When Allison broached the subject of where Mistress Ingrid
      and Slave Jason were, Steven smiled and did not say anything. Allison nodded
      her head, knowing without anything being said that the question she asked
      was dumb. Conversation during the meal was awkward as neither party was
      permitted to ask questions pertaining to the others personal life, unless
      he or she gave it freely. Allison conducted herself in the proper manner
      of a slave. When Steven requested her presence going to the mens room,
      she meekly followed him. As Steven entered the men's washroom, Allison
      was close on his heels. She did not exactly know what was going to be expected
      of her until he stepped up to the urinal. No words were exchanged as she
      knew now what he wanted. Unzipping his fly, she reached in with her right
      hand and took out his limp penis and aimed it downwards into the urinal.
      Steven turned his head and commented on the weather to the fellow standing
      next to him without any regards to her. The only time he talked to her
      through the whole humiliating procedure was when he was finished and told
      her to shake his penis a couple of times to get rid of the excise mositure.   
Thank God that was the only time that he made her go to the washroom
      with him. It was another form of embarrassment that both masters and mistresses
      used on their slaves. Talking with Alicia and Bryan later in the week about
      this degrading practice, she was informed that this was an honor for most
      slaves to do for their owners.   
&nbsp;   
Richard returned to his quarters about six o'clock and went to
      his terminal to summon his slave. While he waited for her to show, he went
      to the bar and poured himself a drink.   
Within a few minutes, Richard heard a gentle knocking at his door.   
&quot;Enter.&quot;    
Thalia entered and stood meekly with her head bowed and her hands
      folded in front of her.   
&quot;Did you have a nice day slave?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;Yes Master. Did you also have a nice day Master Richard?&quot; Thalia
      replied. She did not like the way Richard was acting. Something was wrong.   
&quot;You failed to mention that all slaves are required to have
      a morning enema.&quot; Richard stated as he approached her.   
&quot;No Master. I didn't forget. I'll start tomorrow. I didn't
      want to bother you with something that trivial.&quot; Thalia replied as
      Richard walked around back of her.   
&quot;What about the morning exercises. Did you forget them also?&quot;    
&quot;I'll also will start . . . &quot; Thalia started to say.   
&quot;Stop. I don't want to hear any more of your feeble excuses.&quot;    
&quot;I'm sorry Master.&quot; Thalia sobbed. Two things she disliked
      about The Spa were the dam morning enema's and the exercises. If she could
      get away from those two things, even for a day, all the better.   
&quot;We'll see.&quot; Richard replied as he clapped his hands
      for the signal for the two guards to enter who were standing in the bedroom
      out of sight, waiting for his signal. During the afternoon Richard had
      been walking the grounds and observing other masters and their slaves.
      He had also dropped around to Peter's office to ask a few questions and
      that was when he found out about the morning programs that his slave just
      so happened to forget to mention. While he was talking to Peter, a plan
      was forming in his head on how to punish his slave. That was when he asked
      Peter about his view on a suitable punishment for his slave.    
&quot;I think two or three days in the dungeon is fair for the
      crime of not informing me about the activities of the resort.&quot; Richard
      enlightened his slave. As the guards started leading her away, she tried
      pleading with Richard.    
&quot;Master Richard. Please just give me another change. I promise
      to be a good slave.&quot; Thalia begged as tears ran down her face. Thalia
      thought by making a fuss like this Richard would change his mind. In the
      past when by chance she had a new mistress or master, she just started
      crying and they would counter act their punishment. However Master Richard
      did not seem like he was going to so if she could muster up a few tears
      that might help.   
&quot;Get her out of here. She's making me sick.&quot; Richard
      said as he finished his drink off. Actually he was feeling sorry for Thalia.
      True she did lie to him but he never thought that she would be this remorseful.
      If he could reverse his actions, he would have. However, he could not back
      down now, so he did the next best thing.   
&quot;You're a good slave. So I'll make it one night in the dungeon
      for you if you promise to change your ways.&quot; Richard said to Thalia
      as the guards stop at the door.   
&quot;Thank you Master. I'll be the best slave you ever had. Thank
      you.&quot; Thalia was babbling as she was being removed from the room.   
The two men chose French in the way of dinning as Richard made
      his way to the restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, he had spotted
      Gordon and his slave Diana sitting at a table off to his right as he entered.
      Not wanting to ask any impolite questions on where Richard's slave was,
      the three of them ate and the two men talked.    
&quot;I sent Thalia to the dungeons.&quot; Richard casually said
      during the meal.   
&quot;Problems with her.&quot; Gordon replied just as casually.    
Richard explained as he continued eating what had transpired about
      why he sent Thalia to the dungeons.   
&quot;Maybe I should send my slave down.&quot; Gordon remarked
      as he reached over and lifted his slaves chin and looked into her eyes. &quot;Tonight
      if you like we'll share this worthless slave between the two of us.&quot; Gordon
      offered.   
&quot;Thank you. That will save me the trouble of having to arrange
      a slave through Peter.&quot; Richard accepted his friend's offer. When
      Richard was in college, occasionally a friend and he would share a willing
      date. He felt his cock begin to stiffen with long gone memories of a young
      woman being fucked by two just as young studs.    
Diana continued to eat with her eyes cast down and her legs spread.
      She felt sorry for her friend Thalia but she had warned her about deceiving
      her master. You might be able to get away with not mentioning the morning
      enema or the exercise class, but not both of them. You could plead ignorance
      about forgetting to mention one of the activities if you were found out.
      It did not matter that her Master Richard was a new comer to The Spa or
      not.   
She felt her panties begin to dampen with the thoughts of having
      two handsome men to herself. Thalia had told her about what Master Richard
      was like and she was looking forward to a kinky night with her two masters.
      Her imagination ran wild as she had to control herself not to squeeze her
      thighs together.    
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&quot;How often did you come last night?&quot; Steven asked Allison
      after he had secured her wrists to the bed posts. Upon entering his quarters
      after the two of them had dined, he ordered Allison to strip and lay on
      the bed with her arms slightly stretch above her head. After securing her
      hands above her head to the metal rings screwed into the bed, he disrobed
      and lay on the bed next to his slave. As he teased her with butterfly kisses
      to her face and around her neck, his hand traveled across her belly and
      down to her sex.   
&quot;Only once Master.&quot; Allison replied to the question as
      she let out a sigh as he took one of her aroused nipples in her mouth and
      started sucking on it, while lightly bitting down.    
&quot;This is your night. I'm in a generous mood. You can have
      as many orgasms as you can handle. The only thing I request is that you
      tell me beforehand and get my permission. Do you understand?&quot; Steven
      asked while he went back to his suckling on her breasts. Nudging her legs
      a little wider apart, his fingers enter her hairless wet vagina.   
&quot;Master.&quot;   
&quot;Yes.&quot;    
&quot;I'm going to come.&quot;    
&quot;My. So Soon.&quot; After giving her permission, Allison bucked
      and withered as her much needed orgasm washed over her.   
&quot;Thank you . . . Master. Oh thank you.&quot; Allison gasped
      while catching her breath. After having but one orgasm last night and walking
      around most of the day feeling hornier than hell. She needed this.    
&quot;You're welcome. My little slave must have appreciated it.&quot; Steven
      replied as he removed his fingers from Allison love cove. Looking at the
      two moist fingers that he had inside her, he wiped them on the sheet of
      the bed before he unfastened her hands from above her head. He made his
      point on who was the master and who was the slave. Without her knowing
      it, she had become his willing slave by submitting to being tied up and
      by asking his permission if she could come.   
When her hands became free, she moved her head to the right as
      he was bending over her and took his erection into her mouth. She wanted
      to please him as he had pleased her.   
&quot;Get on your hands and knees.&quot; Richard ordered in a voice
      just above a whisper.   
Allison positioned herself as he ordered and held her breath. She
      thought she knew what he was going to do, at any second she was going to
      feel her bottom getting spanked. To her surprise and pleasure she felt
      his moist tongue as he licked the crevice of her behind.   
Positioning her with her bottom raised, he spit into his hand and
      ran it over the head of his penis. The only sound coming from Allison was
      a low moaning sound of contentment as Steven paid homage to neither region.
      She felt the bed shift with her master behind her. Now she knew why Steven
      was licking her back there. She was not going to get a spanking, but something
      else instead. Closing her eyes, she experienced the head of his penis start
      to enter her anus. Instead of fighting the intrusion like her body normally
      did until she got accustomed to the invasion, she relaxed and let her master
      enter her. She gently pushed her bottom back to meet his thrust.   
&quot;Can I come Master?&quot; Allison groaned. She never had two
      orgasms this close together. The only thing she was aware of was the sensation
      of Steven's cock as it repeatedly entered her and the slapping sound of
      their bodies meeting.   
&quot;No.&quot; Steven moaned. He was close to coming and he wanted
      to come first. Mauling Allison's breast's in his hands, he ordered Allison
      to play with herself. One of her hands feverishly rubbed her clit as her
      master repeatedly drove his penis into her.    
&quot;Now. Now.&quot; Steven cried as Allison clinched her buttocks
      to keep his cock deep inside of her and she started to whimper feverishly
      as her orgasm overtook her.    
Disengaging himself, Steven rolled off Allison and lay on his back
      as his breathing slowly return to normal. Turning on her side, Allison
      laid her head on his chest while she basked in the glow of her orgasm.
      Giving her a squeeze, he leaned down and kissed her on her head. Allison
      cast her eyes down at her lovers slowly shrinking sex organ and reached
      down and cupped it in her hands.    
Steven closed his eyes and waited to see what Allison was going
      to do. He felt her stir and the bed move under her weight and than he felt
      her wet mouth on his cock as she slowly cleaned their mixed juices from
      his penis.    
That was enough sex for the time being. True he did promise Allison
      as many orgasms as she could handle, but the night was young. As the two
      reclined in the hot tub sipping their drinks, Steven allowed Allison to
      have a drink. As he said earlier, he was in a generous mood.   
&quot;That must be our snack? I have a craving for some finger
      food tonight.&quot; Steven said as they heard a knock from his apartment
      door.    
&quot;Please answer the door.&quot; Steven ordered.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Picking up her discarded dress that was
      laying on the floor, she stepped into it and answered the door. Upon opening
      the door, she looked up at the biggest black man she ever say. With him
      standing a good six foot five, she could tell that he was an athlete.    
&quot;Is your master in.&quot;    
&quot;Yes.&quot; Allison replied. She knew after she answered him
      that she had forgot to say master.    
This man was so awesome as he made his way into the room carrying
      a tray with food on it.   
&quot;I thought that was you. You have a new profession . A delivery
      boy?&quot; Steven asked as he emerged from the bedroom in a pair of shorts.   
&quot;Get lost. I was having a drink at the bar and overheard that
      you had an order of food to be sent to your room, so I volunteered to deliver
      it.&quot; Paul replied as the two men gave each other a friendly embrace
      and a pat on the back.   
&quot;So this is your slave?&quot; Paul remarked as he eyed Allison
      from head to toe.   
&quot;Yes. She's quite good. Take a look for yourself. Strip slave.&quot; Steven
      ordered. &quot;What kind of year do you think you'll have, barring any
      injuries?&quot; Steven continued to say as Allison slipped off her dress
      and stood in the proper manner of a slave.   
&quot;I hope to take a run at the batting title.&quot; Paul commented
      as he looked Allison over. The two men continued to talk about baseball
      while Allison stood and listened. What she knew about baseball would not
      be worth mentioning.    
&quot;So where is your slave?&quot; Steven finally asked.   
&quot;The doc said she should be up and about tomorrow. She probably
      ate something that didn't agree with her.&quot; Paul said with a chuckle.   
&quot;Yes I bet she did.&quot; Steven replied with a grin.   
She needed no meaning with the sexual overturns why Paul's slave
      was sick. Allison just about said something when Steven offered Paul her
      services. She never had anything against black men but her great-grandfather
      on her father's side was rumored to be a member of the Klu Klux Klan. He
      would roll over in his grave about what they ordered her to do. Kneeling
      down, she unhooked Paul's pants and pulled down his zipper and let his
      pants drop to the floor.    
Allison was speechless. She saw plenty of cocks but Paul's was
      the biggest she ever saw, with it measuring about eleven inches long.   
&quot;You don't mind if she gives me head?&quot; Paul asked.   
&quot;No. Go ahead. She does have a talent for it. She one of the
      best I have had.&quot; Steven replied.   
Paul sat slumped in the chair while Allison took a deep breath
      and hesitantly started to lick his staff. Out of the corner of her eye,
      she spied Steven walking into the bedroom and emerge again carrying something
      in his hands. This was the first black man she had sex with and she was
      concentrating all her efforts on pleasing him. She was thinking how sucking
      on this monster cock was getting her turned on when she felt Steven spread
      her legs further apart and run something along the grove of her sex. Taking
      a quick peak between her legs she glanced as Steven was preparing to enter
      a dildo into her. Taking Paul's penis out of her mouth, she stroked him
      with her hand.   
&quot;Oh master. Can I come?&quot; Allison cried. For the last
      few minutes Steven had been tormenting her with the dildo as he fucked
      her with it.   
&quot;Now! Now! You should let our guest come first.&quot;    
&quot;I...I don't know if I can wait.&quot;   
&quot;If you don't, it will be the last time I'll let you come.&quot; Steven
      said as he rammed the full eight inches of the slick dildo up Allison's
      passage.   
&quot;Stick my black cock back in your mouth.&quot; Paul groaned.   
What Allison found that was turning her on just as mush as the
      two men sexually tormenting her were the way that Paul was talking about
      her.   
&quot;The white cunt loves sucking black cock.&quot;   
&quot;Look at the way she's gobbling on it.&quot;    
&quot;Fucking white bitch probably never had a fucking with a black
      cock.&quot; Paul said through clinched teeth.   
Paul's dirty talking was affecting her, plus the dildo that was
      battering her wet pussy. She knew that she couldn't take much more of this
      without coming, even if she did not have Steven's permission. Leaning awkwardly
      forward, she took Paul's penis out of her mouth and licked the groove of
      his buttocks. Keeping a steady pumping action with her clenched fist on
      his penis, she forced her tongue into the tight confines of his buttocks
      and started licking his puckered anus. Grabbing her by her hair, Paul forced
      his penis back in her mouth as he let out a loud moan. Swallowing to keep
      up with Paul's musky discharge, she felt Steven give her a light tap on
      the bottom as he gave her permission for her to come. Forgetting Paul's
      cock that was still in her mouth, she let out a loud groan as her orgasm
      burst from her. Collapsing on the floor with the dildo still lodge in her,
      she curled herself into a ball as her first orgasm hit her. She just managed
      to glance up at Paul as he was milking the last drops of come from his
      cock and letting them land on her body when out of nowhere another orgasm
      that was just as powerful hit her. Reaching between her legs, she withdrew
      the dildo before she closed her eyes and let her breathing return to normal.
      She still felt her vagina twitch as she laid on the carpet and listen to
      the men talk about baseball. The last thing that she heard before she dozed
      off was Steven offering her to Paul again.    
As if she was dreaming, she dimly remembered Steven picking her
      up in his strong arms and laying on the bed and pulling the covers up over
      her. When she awoke the next time, Steven was in bed with her and she was
      cuddled up in the warmth of his body. As the morning light was slowly bringing
      on a new day, she felt Steven's erection as he tried to enter her. Shifting
      her body a little and lifting her one leg, his hard penis invaded her.
      She was thinking how could she be so easily aroused as Steven thrust forward
      to bury his shaft in her. From somewhere within the complex she heard the
      sound again of a male slave getting a spanking. Where the first night she
      did not know if he was crying out in pain or bless, where tonight she knew
      it was with pleasure.   
&quot;Shhhhh.&quot; Steven whispered in her ear as her orgasm build.
      Listening to the sound of her fellow slave cry out as the strap landed
      on him all helped as her orgasm built.   
Turning her head, Steven stuck two of his fingers in her mouth
      to suck on as he rammed his rigid cock into her. With each thrust, she
      counteracted with pushing her bottom against his groin. Without a noise
      from her lover, but for him roughly kissing the back of her neck, she felt
      him go rigid and knew he was emptying his lust into her. Clamping her muscles
      around his penis, she groaned deep inside and felt her orgasm explode as
      she fought not to cry out. Just as she was dropping back to sleep, she
      remembered that she did not ask Steven permission to come when he made
      love to her. Before she thought anymore of it, she rolled over on her side
      and laid her head on Steven's chest and wrapped an arm around him as she
      drew herself a little closer to him.   
Opening her eyes to the sound of tropical birds and the smell of
      lush vegetation, she stretched and basked in the glow of what promised
      to be a beautiful morning. Smiling to herself about the pleasures that
      she experienced last night, her mind started to think back to when Steven
      made love to her early in the morning or did he make love to her. Or was
      it just a dream. She heard that an experience like that was referred to
      as a 'dream fuck'. She never experienced one but as she lay in bed she
      began to wonder if Steven did make love to her or was it her imagination.
      Running a finger along her pussy, she felt the wetness of his discharge.
      One thing she needed was a shower as she walked into the washroom and found
      her master finishing shaving and humming a song. Hoping that he was in
      a good mood, she sat on the toilet to relieve herself.   
&quot;Master, can I have a shower?&quot;    
&quot;You can have one now or after your morning enema.&quot; Steven
      replied as he turned to face her.   
&quot;Thank you Master. I think I'll have the shower now.&quot; She
      said meekly. After washing and brushing her teeth, she began to feel half
      way human. Now if she could only get out of the morning enema, but she
      knew it was futile as she heard Steven welcoming them into the apartment.    
Today Doc Redfield had her kneeling on the mat with her rear end
      sticking up and her legs spread as she crossed her arms in front of her.
      Closing her eyes, she buried her head in the crook of her arms waiting
      for the humiliating enema to be over with. As she waited for Doc Redfield
      to finish, she felt feminine hands touching her body. Opening her eyes,
      she watched as Nurse Carol ran her hands over her body. She did not know
      what she was feeling for, but it was more than an examination the way Nurse
      Carol copped a feel every so often. Today while she sat on the toilet expelling
      her waste, the three of them left her alone while they carried on a conversation
      in the next room. When she emerged a short time later, Doc Redfield and
      Nurse Carol had continued their rounds and Master Steven was reclining
      in a chair with a coffee. Master Steven and she had a relaxing coffee together
      before she was on her way to her exercise class. As she was frantically
      searching around for her underwear, Steven informed her that Doctor Redfield
      had taken them. That was the only explanation that Steven gave as he shooed
      her on her way.    
&quot;By the way. You will be punished for not asking permission
      to have an orgasm from last night and this morning. I would do it how,
      but I want you to contemplate the error you made.&quot; Steven said as
      she was leaving for her exercise class.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied. She felt herself become
      aroused with the thought of another spanking. Although the spanking she
      received the other night hurt, she was looking forward to being punished
      again.   
Walking into the gym, Allison spotted Alicia talking to a couple
      of the other slaves. The main topic this morning was about a slave being
      sent to the dungeon the night before. She had no time to speak with Alicia
      before Master Tim ordered everyone to strip, Allison did not feel too out
      of place when she looked around to find that she was not the only person
      missing her underwear. The same woman as yesterday was missing hers also.
      Master Tim put the slaves through their morning routine and before Allison
      knew it she was slipping her dress over her sweated-covered body. On the
      way to Alicia's and her room, she had the opportunity to ask Alicia about
      this punishment place called the dungeon.   
&quot;Well it's not really a dungeon as you might conjure up. It
      is under the main building but it's the laundry. Whichever slave is sent
      there for whatever reason, he or she has a quota of work to perform. That
      is the easy part of the punishment. The rough part is you are available
      to whoever wants to take advantage of you.&quot;   
&quot;In other words, you're raped.&quot; Allison gasped.   
&quot;You got it. Plus you still have your laundry quota to do.&quot;    
&quot;Who was the slave that they sent there?&quot;   
&quot;I saw her around before. Her name is Thalia and she is the
      slave to a new comer to The Spa. A Master Richard. Why he sent her down,
      no one knows. However, you can be assured, with her being the first slave
      this session to be sent to the dungeon, she would have been taken advantage
      of.&quot; Alicia finished off her story as the women entered their quarters.   
Allison did not enlighten Alicia that Master Richard was her husband.    
&quot;How was your evening?&quot; Alicia asked over breakfast after
      they had their morning shower and dressed in fresh clothing.   
&quot;Unbelievable.&quot; Allison replied.   
&quot;Well, are you going to tell me what happened.&quot;    
This was something new to Allison. Talking about her sex life,
      but while she was telling Alicia about last night, she felt herself getting
      excited.   
&quot;You mean you sucked that monster cock while your master was
      shoving a dildo up you. God. I wished I was there to see that.&quot; Alicia
      said with a little chuckle as she ran her hand down the front of her panties.   
&quot;How was your night?&quot; Allison asked. This kind of talk
      was getting her turned on. She wanted to change the topic away from her,
      besides she was curious how two women would spend the night.   
&quot;Pretty good.&quot; Now it was Alicia's turn to play the guessing
      game with Allison. After a few minutes of playing with her, Alicia told
      her how her night was.    
&quot;No kidding, my jaw was numb from going down on Mistress Meka
      by the time she allowed me to stop the first time. After that she secured
      me on the punishment table and connected just the right amount of weights
      to my breasts. Then she took the leather strap that I like and laid a good
      spanking on me.&quot;   
&quot;Oh God Allison. Is anyone looking our way?&quot; Alicia said
      as if she was in pain.   
&quot;No . . . No one.&quot; Allison replied as she scanned the
      few remaining slaves at breakfast to see if they were looking at them.
      She was going to ask if she could get her friend something when Alicia
      closed her eyes. Then it hit Allison. She was watching her friend have
      an orgasm as the look on Alicia face went from as if she was in pain to
      a glow of contentment.   
&quot;I'm sorry. But all these fuck stories. I'm sorry, I just
      couldn't help myself.&quot; Alicia said as she looked around the room before
      taking a sip of her coffee.   
&quot;Come on let's go to the pool. I need cooling off.&quot; Alicia
      said.   
&quot;That sounds like a good idea.&quot; Allison commented. She
      never watched a woman have an orgasm right in front of her but she found
      it very stimulating.   
&quot;I hope that there's some good looking male slaves hanging
      around.&quot; Alicia was saying.   
&quot;Or even some female slaves.&quot; Allison added. She couldn't
      believe she just said that.   
&quot;Really Allison. I never knew.&quot; Alicia said in mock surprised.   
The only thing Allison could think of to say was &quot;Well&quot; before
      the two women started to laugh. It had been a long time since Allison had
      felt this relaxed. The two of them chuckled like two girl schools as they
      made their way to the slaves recreation area.   
&nbsp;   
&quot;Give her another swat. God. You have to try this.&quot; Richard
      said as he held Diana close to his body with her breasts pressing against
      his chest. Richard was laying on his back with Diana sitting on top with
      his penis inside her. With Richard forcing her forward, her rear made an
      inviting target for the wooden paddle Gordon was holding.   
The morning light was dimly engulfing the room. It had been quite
      a night for her. Both men had taken her anyway they wanted. At times she
      did not know when one orgasm ended and another began. Now one of the men
      thought up this delightful torture. She knew that this was going to be
      a long session. She did not know how often that Richard had come, but she
      clinched her buttocks as the paddle connected with a loud crack again on
      her bare flesh.   
The feeling Richard was receiving was undescribable. As the paddle
      came in contact with Diana's well-rounded bottom, she would clamp her vagina
      muscles which in turn gave Richard's cock a nice squeeze.    
&quot;Stop.&quot; Richard moaned as he pushed Diana off him. She
      looked up at him as she rested on her elbows, trying to keep any pressure
      off her tender bottom.    
&quot;Open wide. I'm want to come in your mouth.&quot; Richard
      ordered.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Diana replied as she tilted her head back
      and closed her eyes.   
Richard threw one leg over her body so that her head was between
      his legs. The only thing he had to do now was point his erection in the
      right direction and let her mouth do the rest. That was when he watched
      as Gordon reached over and took his erection in his hand and aimed it toward
      Diana's mouth. He knew that if he gave Gordon a disapproving look that
      he would withdraw his hand. Closing his eyes for a second, he knew what
      he was going to do. He had never had another man touch him like Gordon
      was doing and he had to admit that it did feel good as Gordon lightly ran
      his fingers up and down on his erect penis. Opening his eyes, he saw not
      only had Gordon watching him for what he was going to do but also Diana
      was gazing up at him with her mouth still open.   
So far this had been a strange vacation to say the least as he
      closed his eyes and nodded for Gordon to continue what he was doing. It
      did feel different as Gordon jerked him off, but at the same time it felt
      all to familiar, almost as if he was doing it to himself.   
Gordon knew what to do as Richard went with the feeling as he released
      his pent up passion. As the last of his come landed on Diana's breasts,
      Gordon released Richard's erection.   
&quot;I'm taking a shower. It has been a long night.&quot; Gordon
      said as he watched Diana sucking on Richard's slowly shrinking penis.   
When Gordon emerged from taking a shower a short time later, he
      found Richard relaxing with a drink in his hand and Diana laying on her
      belly.    
&quot;I thought I would grab breakfast after I cleaned up. I was
      wondering if you cared to join me.&quot; Richard remarked as he finished
      his drink.   
&quot;If you can wait a minute, I want to talk to my slave before
      we go.&quot; Gordon replied as he walked over to Diana.   
Kneeling down, Gordon produced a pair of handcuffs and fastened
      them around Diana's wrist. Richard watched as his friend secured his slave
      to the floor with her arms stretched out in front of her. and legs in the
      same fashion. Richard had wondered what the purpose of the eye hooks that
      were imbedded in the carpet.   
&quot;I'll return after breakfast and a golf game.&quot; Gordon
      was saying to Diana as he padded her on her bottom before standing up.   
&quot;Master. What if I have to relieve myself?&quot; Diana asked
      while she clinched her bottom. Her bottom was soar from the spanking she
      had and it was tender to the touch.   
&quot;You will have to hold yourself until I return.&quot;   
With that comment, she whimpered. Richard stood at the doorway
      and watched with fascination on the way Gordon was handling his slave.   
&quot;Did you not enjoy yourself last night and did I not let you
      come as often as you wanted?&quot;    
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;   
&quot;Now you have to pay the price for my generosity?&quot;   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Diana replied as her voice started to quiver.   
&quot;Now. We won't have any tears. If you started crying, I'll
      have to gag you. Do you want that?&quot;   
&quot;No Master.&quot;    
&quot;Good girl.&quot; Gordon replied as again he patted her bottom.    
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&quot;Who are you playing golf with today?&quot; Richard asked
      as the two men walked to Richard's quarters.   
&quot;No one. I'm so tired from last night I don't think I could
      hit a ball straight if my life depended on it.&quot; Gordon replied.   
&quot;I know. I feel the same way. But you told Diana that you
      were.&quot;   
&quot;Oh that. I only said that to frighten her. Did you see the
      look on her face when I told her that, she just about wet herself when
      I said I would be gone that long.?&quot; Gordon said with a chuckle.   
&quot;So you will undo her when you return from breakfast?&quot;   
&quot;Maybe. One thing Diana does not care for is being exposed
      as she is now. Nothing will humiliate her more than being exposed in that
      manner and having someone walk in.&quot; Gordon explained.   
&quot;You could say it's a lesson in humility.&quot;    
Gordon poured himself a drink and flipped on the television while
      Richard showered and shaved. As they were leaving for breakfast, Richard
      asked Gordon how he could get Thalia released from her punishment. After
      making a quick call to the security department, Richard informed them that
      he wanted Slave Thalia released from her punishment immediately and yes
      have her bath and waiting in his apartment.   
During breakfast the men chatted about golf and made plans on meeting
      up with each other sometime during the day. Both of them reflected on the
      fun they had the night before and admitted that Slave Diana tuckered them
      out. With both of them laughing they departed company and adjourned to
      their own quarters for some well needed sleep.   
Upon entering his room, Richard watched as his slave jumped up
      from her seat and stood in the proper manner befitting a slave. Without
      anything being said, he could tell that Thalia had a rough night. He was
      just about ready to mention that the two of them should turn in and get
      some sleep when there was a knock on his door. He forgot that he had inquired
      about having the doctor and nurse to drop around to give Thalia her first
      enema. He thought with him asking on short notice that they would not be
      here until later in the day or even tomorrow morning. After the introductions
      were made, Doc Redfield turned to Thalia.   
&quot;You know the procedure. You been here before.&quot;   
With down cast eyes Thalia entered the washroom and knelt on the
      rubber mat with her bottom raised. Watching what was taking place from
      the entrance of the washroom, Richard could not help himself as he began
      to get an erection.   
&quot;Doc can I talk to you in private?&quot; Richard asked after
      he had administered to Thalia.   
&quot;Yes of course.&quot; Doc Redfield answered.   
&quot;Nurse can you finish off here.&quot;   
&quot;Yes Doctor.&quot; Nurse Carol replied as she knelt behind
      the slave and released the enema solution.   
Richard watched as Nurse Carol removed the nozzle from his slave
      before he turned and walking out of the room.   
&quot;Yes sir, what can I help you with.&quot; Doc Redfield asked
      as he removed his plastic gloves.   
&quot;Well this is kind of embarrassing and most unlikely. Do any
      of the mistresses or masters ask to have an enema?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;No need to feel embarrassed. Of course they do.&quot; Doc
      Redfield replied.    
&quot;Could I have one this morning?&quot; Richard asked.    
&quot;Who would you want to administer it Nurse Carol or myself?&quot;   
&quot;Nurse Carol. Please.&quot; Richard answered. When Thalia
      emerged from the washroom with her eyes cast down, Doc Redfield excused
      himself and went in to talk to his nurse.   
&quot;Come in Richard.&quot; Nurse Carol said after the doctor
      had talked to her for a brief minute.   
&quot;If you don't mind Richard, I would like to check your slave
      over. I would like to make sure that she is not suffering any repercussions
      from her ordeal in the dungeon. Sometimes they do have a way of getting
      carried away.&quot; Doc Redfield said as he was leaving the washroom and
      Richard was entering.   
&quot;Just strip down while I put a new nozzle on this hose. How
      would you like for me to administer your enema?&quot; Nurse Carol said.
      She could tell that Richard was nervous plus being embarrassed. She was
      going to make the most of his humiliation without making it to obvious.    
&quot;On my knees.&quot; Richard replied in a weak voice.    
This brought back a flood of memories from by gone years. He remembered
      when he was twelve years old and his parents sent him to his aunts place
      for summer vacations. Aunt Lauren was his mothers only sister. From what
      he understood at the time from overhearing his parents talk between the
      two of them. Aunt Lauren's husband ran off with another woman and left
      her and his cousin Julie with the a house on five acres of land and made
      sure that she was financially secured. The only time he seen them was at
      Christmas. He knew that his aunt was a good-looking woman of about forty
      years old and his cousin that was just as pretty was about sixteen or seventeen.    
The first week of his vacation went smoothly with him getting to
      know Aunt Lauren and Julie. He even became friends with a boy his own age
      down the road. About a week into his vacation his Aunt called him into
      the bathroom one morning.   
&quot;It's about time to flush you out.&quot; Aunt Lauren said
      in a stern voice.   
He stood in bewilderment with not understanding what she wanted.
      When she explained that he was to receive an enema every morning and what
      an enema was, he could not help it and he started to cry. He could not
      do anything about the predicament he was in but remove his pajamas as he
      was requested to do and stood with his hands in front of him to hide his
      privates. While he was kneeling on the floor with his head in his hands,
      he heard his Aunt explaining what she was preparing to do. At first he
      thought she was talking to him until he looked up through his tears and
      was shocked to see his cousin watching as his Aunt explained things to
      her. To a twelve year old boy to be humiliated this way was the end of
      the world. For his Aunt to see him this way was bad enough but his cousin
      was even worst. After the treatment was over, he was allowed to get dress
      and go and play with his buddy.    
He stayed away for the rest of the day, he even had his lunch at
      his friends place. The truth was he did not want to face his Aunt or Julie
      ever again. He thought of running away from Aunt Lauren's but where would
      he go to. Even if he could find his way back to his parent's place which
      he was not to sure that he could, they would ask him what trouble he got
      himself into. He could not tell them what took place that morning. Even
      thinking about it now made him feel queasy inside. Staying away all day,
      he return just before the evening meal not knowing what to expect from
      his Aunt and Julie. To his surprised and relieve nothing was said about
      what took place that morning. It was a normal evening with the three of
      them sitting around the table for the evening meal and discussing what
      they did during the day. After watching television for awhile the three
      of them played a board game of some description, before it was his bedtime.
      The nice thing he liked about his Aunt's house was that all three of them
      would do things together in the evenings from watching television to going
      for walks in the woods or sitting playing games. That night he went to
      bed feeling better than he did all day, he even was able to look Aunt Lauren
      and Julie in the face without blushing.   
To his dismay every morning was the same routine with Aunt Lauren
      giving him an enema while Julie watched. To say he got used to getting
      flushed out every morning, he did not. He put up with it only because he
      had no alterative. Things did charge after about two weeks when he was
      standing in the bathroom and waiting for Aunt Lauren. Instead Julie showed
      up by herself and announced that from now on that she would be in charge
      of his morning routine. He felt more self-conscious with Julie than he
      did with Aunt Lauren especially when she made him stand with his arms at
      his side. She would not even let him cover his privates while she was getting
      the equipment ready. The only time that he never received his morning flushing
      out was when his mother spent a couple of days visiting him.   
The most humiliating occasion of his stay with his Aunt and cousin
      was a bright morning in August. Julie had a girlfriend sleep over and upon
      waking up the next the next morning, he thought he could escape his enema
      considering there was company in the house. This girlfriend of his cousins
      was one of the most beautiful girls that Richard had ever seen. All evening
      he was stealing glances at her while they were watching television and
      playing cards. The next morning he could of die when Julie called to him
      from the bathroom. Upon entering the bathroom, Julie had everything set
      for his morning routine. Standing next to Julie was her friend Barbra wearing
      her baby doll pajamas. He kept his eyes cast down as he stood in the nude
      with his hands covering his privates as both girls looked on. It was not
      until his cousin threatened him with another enema that night if he did
      not obey her order of keeping his hands at his side that he reluctantly
      did as he was told. This had never happened to him before when his Aunt
      or cousin was giving him his morning enema. What he was trying to hide
      was an erection.   
&quot;Mother, Mother. Can you come up here? I want to show you
      something.&quot; Julie called down to her mother who was going about her
      house work.   
&quot;Oh my! Our little boy is growing up.&quot; Aunt Lauren said.   
&quot;You girls make sure to wash your hands if you touch that
      thing.&quot; Aunt Lauren remarked before returning to her house work.   
Whenever Julia administered his enema for the remainder of his
      vacation, she made sure that he had an erection. She never touched it,
      but she did comment that it looked cute. That was the only vacation that
      he spent at Aunt Lauren's, although his parents wanted to send him there
      the following summer. He made such a fuss about not wanting to go that
      they let him stay home. As far as he knew his cousin Julie never received
      an enema. Why they decided that he deserved one each day, he never found
      out and he was to afraid to ask.   
Three years ago he had a two day seminar not to far from his Aunts
      house so he dropped in to see her. Over the years they had stayed in touch
      with Christmas cards, and birthdays. But this was the first time since
      that summer long ago that he had the opportunity to pay a visit. He was
      surprised on how Aunt Lauren had not change much with her appearance, in
      fact she looked more radiant than he remembered. Aunt Lauren had to call
      her daughter which lived close by and have her come over a visit with Richard
      also . Julie also had turned into a most beautiful divorcee.    
A cup of coffee turned into an afternoon of reminiscing and Richard
      taking the two of them out to dinner at his insistence. When Richard informed
      Aunt Lauren that he had booked a room at the local inn for this two day
      seminar, she made him phone the inn and cancel his reservation. She would
      have no relative of hers staying at a hotel.   
Richard went to bed that night exhausted but happy that he had
      dropped in to visit his Aunt. But he was not prepared for the next morning
      when he was greeted by his Aunt and cousin and was informed he needed to
      be flushed out. For some strange reason that he could not explain, he allowed
      the woman to accompany him to the bathroom where he removed his pajamas
      and stood in the nude. He knew he could of refused the enema and nothing
      would of been done about it.   
&quot;My our little Richard has grown. &quot; Julie said to her
      mother as Richard stood with his hands at his side and an erection that
      he could not control if he wanted to.   
Before he packed the next morning, they repeated the same procedure.
      After which the three of them sat and had breakfast before he gave each
      woman a peek on the check with promises of keeping in touch.   
&quot;Are you just about ready?&quot; Richard said impatiently
      as he finished his pondering. The more he thought about having a flushing
      out, the more he was ready to call the whole thing off.   
&quot;Here we are.&quot; Nurse Carol said as she turned around.   
This is going to be his one and only enema while he was on vacation.
      This is humiliating he was thinking. He had a throbbing erection just from
      thinking about what Nurse Carol was going to do to him.   
&quot;My. We better do something about this. We don't want you
      to have an accident. Do we?&quot; Nurse Carol said as she eyed his erection.   
Richard did not reply as Nurse Carol slipped a cock ring over his
      erection and administered his enema.   
&quot;There is something else I would like you and the doctor to
      do. If you don't mind.&quot; Richard mentioned.   
&quot;Yes, Richard what is that.&quot;    
&quot;Can you and the doctor be gone by the time I'm finished here?
      This is kind of embarrassing for me.&quot; Richard asked.   
Richard heard the door close as he sat on the toilet. He was angry
      at himself for yielding    
temptation and having an enema. He could not help himself once
      he saw Thalia preparing to receive hers. He had to admit the feeling he
      received was everything he remembered it to be.   
&quot;Master are you okay?&quot; Thalia timidly asked from the
      next room.   
&quot;Yes.&quot; Richard answered abruptly. He just wanted to left
      alone.    
&quot;Master can I talk to you on the same level? One on one.&quot; Thalia
      asked as she saw the look on Richard's face as he emerged from the bathroom.   
&quot;Yes. What is it?&quot;    
&quot;I don't know what took place in the bathroom. I can guess.&quot; Thalia
      said while she looked at Richard in the nude.   
&quot;My husband and I spent two weeks here every year. I don't
      know your background and I honestly do not care what you do or who you
      are. My money does not come easy. While I have my money and am still young
      I'm going to enjoy myself. These two weeks are supposed be fun times. You
      do things that you would not do in the real world. In the business I am
      in, I heard people talk behind my back and say that I am a bit of a prude.
      Little do they know. At The Spa I can indulge in my fantasies. You can
      to, so don't start feeling sorry for yourself.&quot; Thalia said while
      trying to keep her voice calm. The truth was that she did not know how
      much longer she and her husband could afford to keep coming to The Spa
      each year. She hated to do it, but they might have to skip a year or two.
      The royalty cheques were beginning to dry up from their once flourishing
      song writhing career.   
&quot;Thank you.&quot; Richard said as he gave Thalia a kiss on
      the lips. What she said was true. He is going to be here for two weeks,
      he might as well enjoy him self. Just before he steered Thalia and himself
      in the direction of the bedroom, he gave his slave a good swat on the bottom
      with the open palm of his hand.   
&quot;Ouch. What was that for Master?&quot; Thalia said with a
      smile.   
&quot;Just something for you to look forward to.&quot; Richard
      said while giving her a little hug.   
&quot;Is that a promise or a threat, Master?&quot; Thalia said
      while she rubbed her bottom with one hand.   
&quot;Take it either way.&quot;   
&quot;What should I do about this, Master?&quot; Thalia said as
      she reached down and gave his erection a squeeze.   
&quot;Let's grab some sleep. Then I'll decide how you will relieve
      my problem.&quot; Richard replied.   
&quot;What did the doctor say? He was going to look you over while
      his nurse was busy with me?&quot; Richard asked as the two of them were
      curled up in bed with Richard's hard erection nestled in the crease of
      Thalia's bottom.   
&quot;Just a little irritation around my pussy. It's nothing to
      worry about. He gave me some salve to put on it.&quot; Thalia replied.
      He also gave her a light sleeping pill that she promptly threw in the garbage.
      She did not need that. She had been down that road before   
CHAPTER 10****   
&nbsp;   
After swimming a few laps of the pool, the two women relaxed in
      the shade in a couple of recliners. The last couple of days had been the
      most enjoyable time that Allison had experience in quite awhile. She had
      to admit, so far this had been the strangest vacation she ever imagined.
      She let her thoughts wonder as she reclined in the nude with her legs spread
      just a little as she let the hot tropical sun warm her body with the sun
      filtering through the foliage of the tree that she and Alicia were under.
      It astonished that she was in a constant state of arousal.    
&quot;My services are required.&quot; Alicia said as she was jolted
      awake.   
&quot;Well, have a good time.&quot; Allison replied as she stood
      to say good-bye to Alicia.   
&quot;I got a feeling that I'm going to be traded for the night.&quot; Alicia
      said as she gave Allison a hug after she had dressed.   
&quot;How do you know that?&quot;   
&quot;Just guessing. By now my Mistress is beginning to want something
      different. See you later. I better get moving.&quot;    
Allison reclined again after her friend had left, but she was restless.
      Remembering what Bryan said about the library, she decided to drop around
      and maybe pick up a book to read. Most of the buildings were clustered
      together in their own picturesque setting. The library was easy to find.
      It was one of the smaller buildings in the far corner of the complex but
      the way it was design a person had no trouble distinguishing that it was
      a library.   
Upon entering the library, a middle-aged woman glanced up from
      behind her desk and gave Allison a welcoming smile. Allison took her to
      be the librarian. She returned to her computer as Allison walked past.
      The library from what Allison could see was split up into different rooms
      as she peeked into a couple of them. One room was empty except for books
      lining the walls from top to bottom plus a fair size work table set in
      the middle of the room with four chairs around it. The other room was similar
      to the first room with the only difference being that two permanent slaves
      were sitting at the table reading. She was just about to enter the first
      room she saw, the one with no one in it when she glanced across the hall
      and spotted Bryan, her room mate pouring over some documents in another
      room.   
&quot;It looks as if you are working on something important?&quot; Allison
      said as a way to make conversation. As soon as Bryan looked up from his
      work, he invited Allison into the room.    
The little that Allison saw of Bryan since she arrived, she liked
      him. With him being the only male of the room mates, he watched over her
      and Alicia that first day when they arrived.   
&quot;I know the answer is in these manuscripts.&quot; Bryan replied.   
&quot;What are you looking for?&quot; Allison asked as Bryan cleared
      a chair for her to sit on.   
Taking his glasses and laying them on the table, he sat opposite
      Allison. If it was not for the comical situation they were in, the way
      Bryan looked he could have been a professor as he explained to Allison
      what he was looking for.   
&quot;I'm an Egyptologist and somewhere in this library lies the
      key to a long lost royal tomb. The only problem is trying to decipher these
      old parchments.&quot; Bryan explained.    
Allison remembered now where she had seen his face. It was on a
      cover of a National Geographic magazine. She recalled how sexy he looked
      in a rugged sort of way. The article referred to him as a modern day Indiana
      Jones. But that was all she could remember of the story.   
&quot;How long have you been searching for this tomb? And if you
      don't mind me asking. Why this place of all places?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;Why don't I explain over a cup of coffee. If you got time?&quot; Bryan
      asked.   
&quot;Sure. If I'm not taking you away from your work?&quot; Allison
      replied.    
&quot;I can only work so long before I get tired and then frustrated.&quot; Bryan
      said while he returned the documents to their rightful places.   
&quot;Slave, did you return everything to their proper place? If
      I find anything out of place, I'll report you to your Mistress.&quot; The
      librarian said when Bryan and she were leaving.   
&quot;Everything is in order, Slave Nadia.&quot; Bryan replied
      with the right response befitting a permanent slave.   
&quot;If your lying to me. I'll make sure that your Mistress gives
      you a thrashing that you will have to sit on a cushion for the remainder
      of your stay.&quot;   
&quot;Have a nice day Slave Nadia.&quot; Bryan smiled as they left
      the library.   
Allison was fascinated with Bryan's story. He told her briefly
      about how his father was an Egyptologist. He being an only child, his father
      dragged his mother and him from one archeological site to another up and
      down and from one side of Egypt to the other. It was quite by accident
      his mother discovered that someone had made an error dating a reign of
      a certain king sometime at the end of Fourth Dynasty which was the golden
      age of the pyramids and the following dynasty which was the fifth, which
      ran from 2494 B.C. to about 2345 B.C. To make a long story short there
      was a king between the two dynasties which the records showed lived to
      be one hundred and thirteen years old, which seemed to be very unusual.
      It was Bryan's mother who believed that two different kings had reigned
      in that period. The only proof she had was a broken piece of pottery. Once
      Bryan had finished his schooling, he followed in his fathers footsteps.
      No matter what site he was working he always kept an eye opened for any
      more information on his mother's theory.   
&quot;Excuse me for asking. How the devil did you end up here looking
      here for information?&quot; Allison asked.   
&quot;I came to this resort for the obvious reasons. On my first
      visit here I went looking for something to read. I thought I had died and
      went to heaven when I came across all these documents.&quot; Bryan explained.
      He went on to tell her that at first he thought that they were some meaningless
      Hieroglyphics until he took a closer look at the manuscripts and deciphered
      enough of the context to see that they were related to what he had been
      searching for. Over the last four years he had pieced together enough of
      the story to know that two kings had reigned and the information he uncovered
      showed that the period was referred to as The Reigns of The Two Kings.
      For some reason any reference to the second king had been obliterated from
      the pages of history. As for the first king, someone had robbed his royal
      tomb eons ago and very little is known of him.   
&quot;How did that type of information get here?&quot; Allison
      asked as she sat across from Bryan and listened to his story.    
&quot;I did a little research which did very little to uncover
      the mystery of how and why valuable documents like these ended up here.
      The estate of A. J. Krause donated them to Pleasure Incorporate. Mister
      Krause died in nineteen fifty three. Who Mister A. J. Krause was, I do
      not have a clue. How he acquired these documents, I do not know.&quot; Bryan
      answered. &quot;One thing I do know. Somewhere in the desert a royal tomb
      is buried in the shifting sand all these years. I know the documents in
      the library will unlock the clue.&quot;   
&quot;I wish you luck.&quot;    
&quot;My wife and I still have a long way to go.&quot;    
&quot;Tell me to mind my own business but does your wife partake
      in this type of pleasure?&quot; Allison asked.    
&quot;No, not at all. My wife is a very demanding mistress at home.&quot;   
&quot;How about when you are working?&quot;   
&quot;When we are working on a dig. My co-workers refer to me as
      a bastard. Out there in the desert I'm the boss.&quot; Bryan said.   
Allison did not mean to be rude as she tried to stifle a yawn.
      She had found Bryan's story interesting to say the lease.    
&quot;It looks as if you could use an afternoon siesta. Let me
      escort you back to our place. I know that I'm going to have a rest. I overheard
      my mistress talking last night and I do believe she is planing an orgy
      this evening.&quot; Bryan remarked as they walked out of the cafeteria.    
&quot;Oh. That does sound interesting.&quot; Allison replied with
      a devilish grin.   
&nbsp;   
Later in the morning, Richard awoke and quietly got out of bed
      without awakening Thalia. While he was showering, his mind was thinking
      of ways on pleasing his slave. As he was shaving, it came to him what he
      was going to do to her. He always had more kinky ideas when he was aroused,
      and ever since having that enema in the morning he had an erection. Maybe
      he might have another enema while on vacation. Thalia did say to indulge
      in one's fantasies. His main concern was on how to please his slave.   
After dressing in clean shorts and a short sleeve shirt, he went
      into the small bedroom where on his first day he looked at the chest of
      sexual toys. Rummaging through the chest, he found what he was looking
      for. He withdrew a leather belt with little metal studs, the belt reminded
      him of the type a biker would wear as he folded it twice around his fist
      and entered the master bedroom. Thalia was just as he left her, laying
      on her belly with her cute little bottom exposed. Raising the belt above
      his head, he delivered a blow across the twin orbs of her bottom.    
&quot;Get out of bed slave.&quot; Richard ordered. By now he had
      an inkling of what turned his slave on. Being spanked and talking dirty
      to her was two of the things that she liked.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Thalia responded as she held her stinging
      bottom.    
&quot;We forgot your exercise class this morning.&quot;    
&quot;Please Master don't send me to the dungeon.&quot; Thalia
      begged. She thought that Richard was going to send her back to that hell
      hole. If he did, she was going to make a complaint as every slave had the
      right to do.   
&quot;No, I'm not going to do that. I will give you your exercises
      myself.&quot; Richard said.   
&quot;My I take a couple of minutes to get ready Master?&quot; Thalia
      said as she bend over to pick up her underwear and dress.   
&quot;No.&quot; Richard replied. When Thalia bent over, he could
      not resist the temptation as he delivered another swat across her bottom
      with the belt. For the next fifteen minutes or so, Richard had Thalia running
      on the spot. Every time he thought that his slave was slacking off, he
      would deliver a couple of swats with the belt across her ass.    
Sometimes Thalia would deliberately slow down just to feel the
      leather strap as it met her exposed skin. She could almost taste the leather
      as she waited in anticipation for her Master to spank her. This is what
      she wanted in the way of a master, someone who would take control. She
      wondered what Master Richard would do if she had an orgasm. Maybe she should
      get his permission first.   
Knowing that Thalia would have derived very little pleasure the
      night before when she was in the dungeon, he thought he would reward her.    
&quot;I'm going to be generous with you. I will let you have three
      orgasms. The first two you can have anytime you want.&quot; Richard explained
      as Thalia finished her exercises.    
&quot;Thank you Master.&quot; Thalia said in a subdued voice. Her
      bottom was on fire and this was by far the horniest she had felt since
      she had been here.   
&quot;Can I have one now Master?&quot;   
&quot;Yes, go ahead.&quot; Richard replied.    
Having permission to have an orgasm, Thalia reached between her
      legs and slipped two fingers into her wet pussy. Collapsing on the floor,
      Richard watched his slave masturbate her self to orgasm as she lay on her
      belly on the carpet. With one hand playing with her pussy, Thalia ran the
      other hand over her well-spanked bottom as she closed her eyes and cried
      out her pleasure.   
For the next little while Richard tormented his slave with different
      forms of sexual perversions for him self and of course for her. He wanted
      to see what it would take for her to have her next orgasm. He had to admire
      her stamina in not giving into her lust, in spite of wanting to. He knew
      if he wanted to, he could of had sex with Thalia. Although he had a raving
      erection, he wanted to prolong the feeling that he was experiencing. Knowing
      if he gave into temptation and had sex with Thalia, his enjoyment would
      not be as great as it was now.    
After awhile Richard found that he was getting hungry. Beside the
      fact he could not get Thalia to have another orgasm so he decided that
      the two of them should have something to eat. While the two of them were
      showering, Richard had a look at Thalia's bottom and could tell that she
      was still smarting from the spanking he gave her as it was still a bright
      red.    
&quot;Don't wear any underwear.&quot; Richard ordered. He had an
      idea on how to humiliate his slave even more as they were going to lunch
      by hooking the back of her skirt up and fastening it so that her crimson
      bottom was exposed. He stood back and admired the way she looked. He wondered
      what was redder, her face from embarrassment from being exposed in this
      manner or her bottom.    
Thalia felt so wicked as Richard fastened the lease to her collar
      and let her away. After her first orgasm that Richard had allowed her to
      have, her Master tormented her in a wide range of sexual delights. Yet
      this had to be the most perverted, as people stopped and stared while she
      was lead by the leash on the way to the restaurant.   
Once in the restaurant, Richard pulled the headwaiter aside and
      asked them something in a low voice that Thalia could not hear. Her curiously
      was soon answered when he showed them to their table. Thalia hesitated
      a second when she saw the chair she was to sit on. The chair was an old
      wooden one made with slats that were about two inches wide and had a straight
      back. Just by looking at it she knew that it was going to be most uncomfortable
      chair to sit on especially with her soar bottom. The initial shock on sitting
      on the hard chair was like a shot of electricity going through her body.   
&quot;Something wrong?&quot; Richard asked as he saw Thalia's discomfort.    
&quot;Master . . . I think I'm . . . God . . . I'm going to need
      to go to the washroom.&quot; Thalia stammered. She did not know if she
      was going to wet herself or have an orgasm. The feeling was so strong that
      she had a hard time to even talk.   
&quot;It would seem you are in discomfort. Why do you want to go
      to the washroom?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;Master. I think I'm going to have an orgasm.&quot; Thalia
      said. The pain she was feeling from sitting was hard to describe, to her
      it was not pain but pleasure.    
&quot;You can have it here. Let everybody see how good a slave
      you are. Go ahead, play with yourself.&quot; Richard ordered. This little
      game was getting him aroused. Richard leaned back in the chair and folded
      his arms across his chest and watched as Thalia timidly reached under the
      table with one hand to bring herself off.   
The few customers in the restaurant were turning to watch the show
      that Thalia was putting on. She tried to keep the sounds of her pleasure
      from being overheard, but as she got closer to her climax the sounds of
      what she was doing could not be mistaken. She did not care that people
      were looking at her as she closed her eyes as her orgasm gushed from her.
      For the next few seconds she slumped in the chair and kept her fingers
      intrenched in her wet pussy until her breathing started to return to normal.
      She opened her eyes when the other occupants of the restaurant started
      to clap. This had to be the most embarrassing part of the afternoon, especially
      when Master Richard ordered her to stand and bow to the people. Thalia
      was quite pleased with the way Master Richard treated her. This was all
      part of being an obedient slave and she loved it.   
Their lunch was a quiet affair with neither person talking a great
      amount. Richard did have to warn his slave once during the meal about sitting
      without squirming. He told her that if she thought her bottom stung now,
      wait until he took her over his knees right here at the restaurant. Under
      normal circumstances Thalia would have relished a spanking in a public
      place, but the way her rear was stinging she did not want another spanking.
      Her master did give her permission to go to the washroom and even that
      was an ordeal. She found that sitting on the toilet was uncomfortable and
      she had to lift herself off the toilet seat while she relieved her bladder.   
Her sexual torment was far from over as Richard lead his slave
      back to his apartment.   
Back in the apartment, Richard secured his slave to what was referred
      as the 'table.' This was one of the instruments that Roger and he used
      on Diana the night before. He secured her by leather straps around the
      ankles to the legs of the table. Her upper body was resting length ways
      on the table and was lashed around the waist by another leather strap with
      her arms at her side. Making a slight adjustment on the table, Richard
      made sure that his slaves breasts were dangling from the two holes that
      were specially constructed for this purpose. Spreading her legs a little
      wider so that he could have access to her womanly openings, he stood back
      and admired his handiwork. She was quite helpless as she followed him with
      her eyes as he walked around the table.   
&quot;You do remember our agreement about not coming until I give
      you permission?&quot; Richard asked as he stood behind her and slowly tipped
      his drink along with the ice cubes on her bottom and watch as the cold
      liquid ran down between the checks of her ass.   
&quot;Yes. Oh Master. Ohhhhhhh.&quot; Thalia screamed as she felt
      the ice-cold liquid run down between the cheeks of her bottom.   
For the next few minutes Richard knelt behind his slave and slowly
      teased her as he licked her moist buttocks. With her not being able to
      move, he took his time and inhaled the odor of her arousal. Richard found
      he was enjoying himself thinking up ways to pleasure his slave without
      allowing her to come.    
Richard looked at his watch and noticed that he had about an hour
      left before Roger and Diana showed up for dinner. Smiling to himself, he
      walked around to the front of Thalia.   
&quot;Do you want the last orgasm that I promise you or should
      we wait until later tonight?&quot; Richard asked as he grabbed her hair
      and pulling it back so that her head was tilted upwards, allowing her to
      see him.   
The only way Thalia could answer her master was by nodding her
      head up and down because of the gag that Richard had used to muffle her
      cries of ecstacy.    
Richard knew the time was ripe as he positioned himself behind
      his slave and reached down and spread the checks of her bottom. This was
      something that Allison did not overly care for as he moistened his penis
      and slowly entered Thalia through the back door.   
&quot;Do you like this? I want to hear you beg me to fuck you.
      Will you do that if I take off your gag?&quot; Richard asked. He found
      that having control was fun as he unbound Thalia's gag. Once free of her
      restraint, she let him know that she would do anything he asked.   
After releasing his pent up passion deep inside her bowels, he
      reached under the table and pulled hard on her breasts. This was the signal
      she was waiting for as tears ran down her face and her orgasm gushed from
      her. Richard kept up his battering of her rear passage with his penis until
      it started to deflate. By that time his slave had two or three orgasms
      that were so close together that she could not tell when one ended and
      the next one started. He had a chuckle when Thalia's breathing returned
      to normal and he had to help her to stand up. If anyone had looked in on
      her, they would have seen a sorry sight. Her hair was plastered to her
      head from sweating, her eyes were red from crying and any makeup that she
      had on was smudged from her tears.   
Thalia knew that to some people this form of sexual activity would
      be perverted, but to her this was something she craved. After kissing her
      master and thanking him until he pushed her away, she sank to the floor
      and took his penis in her mouth.   
&quot;I think we both need a bath before we join Master Gordon
      and Slave Diana for dinner.&quot; Richard commented as he stood with his
      hands on his hips and watched as Thalia cleaned his penis with her mouth.   
CHAPTER 11****   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
Allison lay nude on the bed. She tossed and turned and was unable
      to sleep. She was mulling over her encounter with Bryan at the library.
      She had to admit that this had been a strange vacation as she reached and
      fingered her slave collar with her hand. It was useless trying to sleep,
      so she rolled out of bed and went into the communal sitting room and turned
      on the television. As usual there was nothing of interest on the television,
      so she made herself a cup of tea and went out on the patio.    
Closing her eyes and basking in the sun's rays as they poked through
      the branches of the trees, she thought of the conversation that Bryan and
      she had. Her thoughts were just not on his adventures with his profession,
      even thought she found it fascinating, but on the other topics he told
      her about. It shocked her when he told her that Doctor Redfield and Nurse
      Carol were both highly qualified doctors at a major medical facility in
      Belgium. Just like another other guests, they got their sexual pleasures
      here at The Spa and in return they volunteered their services. What surprised
      Allison even more was that the two of them set up a free medical clinic
      in the little Mexican town that was about a half hour drive from The Spa.
      Once a week they would render their services free of charge to the under
      privilege people of the community. Not only did they gladly provided their
      services but a few of the other guests did the same. Master Tim for example
      always brought used baseball equipment with him whenever he had the opportunity
      to spend a session at the spa. The used equipment was a God send to the
      poor children of the community. These were only three of the different
      people that Bryan knew of that contribute something to the small town.
      In return for the generosity of The Spa, the local population which consisted
      mostly of a farming nature, would supply The Spa with the choicest vegetables
      that they grew. This was their only way of showing their appreciation.   
Rousing herself, Allison went inside and started to prepare a bath
      and get ready for her master. When she emerged a short time later from
      her room all cleaned and with her makeup applied, she was surprised that
      Bryan had also awaken and had readied himself for the evening. For the
      next little while the two of them watched television, but both of them
      were lost in their own little world.    
Allison never felt so sexually aware of her femininity ever since
      she arrived here. Ever since she had become a willing slave, she was always
      in a constant state of arousal. Sometimes the urge was stronger than at
      other times, like it was now. She felt the tingling sensation start down
      in her belly and she knew that the crotch of her panties was beginning
      to dampen from her arousal. This was from only thinking about what her
      master had in store for her.   
She was jolted out of her day dreaming with the shock of her slave
      collar going off.   
After answering her master's message, which ordered her to come
      to his place immediately, she wished Bryan a pleasant evening and hurried
      on her way.   
Taking a deep breath, she lightly knocked on Master Steven's door
      and waited patiently as the seconds dragged by.    
&quot;Enter.&quot;   
Opening the door, she saw that Master Steven was sitting on the
      couch.   
&quot;On your hands and knees and crawl to me.&quot; Steven ordered.   
This is so humiliating she was thinking as she got on her hands
      and knees and crawled to where Steven was. She had a good idea what Steven
      was going to do to her and this only added to her state of arousal.    
&quot;You do know that I'll have to discipline you. Don't you?&quot; Steven
      asked as he looked at Allison who was still on her hands and knees at his
      feet.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied.   
&quot;Refresh my memory and tell me why?&quot; Steven ordered as
      he lightly patted Allison on her head.   
&quot;Because I did not ask your permission to have an orgasm last
      night.&quot; Allison replied as she felt herself blush.   
&quot;Over my knee.&quot; Steven ordered.    
At first she felt awkward as she draped herself over her master's
      knees. However, once she reached out and balanced herself with her hands
      touching the floor she knew she would not fall over his lap. She did feel
      ridiculous as she waited for the spanking as if she was a naughty child,
      but at the same time she was looking forward to it.    
For the longest time Master Steven did nothing but lightly rub
      her bottom after he had hiked up her dress and rolled her panties down
      her thighs so that they laid wrapped around her ankles.   
The first swat landed on the left cheek of her bottom followed
      rapidly with one on the right cheek. Before she could even cry out, Master
      Steven had laid quite a few swats on her behind.    
&quot;I think it only appropriate that you apologize to me for
      disobeying my command.&quot; Steven said as he held his slave around the
      waist in case she had thoughts of slipping off his lap.   
&quot;I'm sorry Master. I'll obey you, but please stop spanking
      me.&quot; Allison begged only after Steven had administered another dozen
      strokes to her bottom.    
Getting spanked with the palm of a strong hand was different from
      a paddle. It felt kind of nice in a kinky way. That was why she took her
      time apologizing to her master. She was hopping that he would continue
      to spank her for not answering him right away.   
Steven knew her little game. He had seen it from many slaves, both
      male and female. Allison was beginning to appreciate being a slave as he
      administered another dozen swats. This time he did not hold back being
      gentle. When he allowed Allison to stand, the first thing she did after
      apologizing to him and thanking him for the spanking was to rub her well-spanked
      bottom with her hands.   
&quot;Go to the bathroom and freshen up! You look a mess.&quot; Steven
      ordered while Allison bent over and pulled up her panties.    
She had never in her life thought that a spanking like the one
      she just received would get her so utterly aroused. She could hardly believe
      that she was so turned on.    
&quot;I think you might need another spanking for being so slow.&quot; Steven
      said as he watched Allison freshen her makeup.   
&quot;Oh no Master. Please . . . I'm finished.&quot; Allison replied.
      Maybe later she might be a bad girl and need another spanking. However,
      right now she did not think her sore bottom could handle it.   
Upon entering the restaurant, Steven spotted Mistress Ingrid and
      her Slave Jason sitting at a table in the far corner of the dinning room.
      Allison gingerly eased herself down on the chair that was opposite Jason.    
&quot;Your slave looks as if she has a problem sitting?&quot; Ingrid
      asked after Allison had seated herself.   
&quot;Just a little discipline problem. You know how you have to
      keep these slaves in line.&quot; Steven replied as he looked over the menu.    
&quot;Do you mind if I look at your handy work?&quot; Ingrid asked.   
&quot;Slave. Do as Mistress Ingrid requested.&quot; Steven said
      to Allison.    
&quot;Right here! Master?&quot; Allison replied. She knew the answer
      before she even asked but she was hoping that Mistress Ingrid would examine
      her spanked bottom in private.   
&quot;Do I have to take you over my knee for another spanking?&quot; Steven
      said in a stern voice.   
She would die from embarrassment if Steven spanked her here at
      the restaurant especially with the patrons looking on.   
Standing up, she turned her back to Mistress Ingrid and lifted
      up her dress and pulled her underpants part way down her thighs. The only
      reprieve from her embarrassing situation was that Mistress Ingrid's back
      was to the widow so that to her relief no other guest could look at her
      as Mistress Ingrid inspected her.   
While she was bent over and as Mistress Ingrid ran her hands over
      her bottom, the waiter came to take their food order. Allison had only
      been a slave for a short while but already, she knew that she was to stay
      in this pose until her master told her differently. She did not know if
      her face could have turned any redder from embarrassment when she looked
      up at the waiter just as he finished taking their order. As usual Steven
      ordered for all of them. She raised her head and watched as the waiter
      smiled and winked at her.    
Steven and Ingrid carried on a leisurely conversation over their
      dinner as if their slaves were not even present. As usual the meal was
      exquisite and the wine was an excellent choice that Steven selected from
      the well-stocked wine cellar.    
&quot;May I ask the use of your slave while I use the ladies room?&quot; Ingrid
      asked while sipping on her after dinner cocktail.    
Allison knew what Mistress Ingrid required of her as she followed
      her into the spacious cubicle of the ladies washroom.   
&quot;Kneel.&quot; Ingrid ordered Allison as she pulled down her
      slacks and sat on the toilet.   
On the right-hand side of the toilet was a mat that Allison knelt
      on with her head lowered. She knew what she was required to do when her
      mistress finished relieving herself. A thought came to her as she was kneeling
      and that was that she hoped Mistress Ingrid only had to pee. Within a few
      seconds Allison could tell by the smell that Mistress Ingrid was doing
      more than peeing.   
&quot;Okay, I'm finished. Wipe me.&quot; Ingrid ordered as she
      leaned forward.   
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; Alison answered and grabbed a handful
      of toilet paper. Leaning forward she lightly wiped Ingrid's bottom before
      grabbing more paper.   
&quot;I hope I do not have to remind you that if I find that you
      did not do a satisfactory job cleaning me that I'll will definitely mention
      it to Master Steven?&quot; Ingrid said.   
Upon returning to the table Mistress Ingrid asked if Steven wanted
      to return to her bungalow. Allison felt relieved when he'd reclined her
      offer but promised that he would drop by later in the evening.   
Giving Ingrid a kiss on the lips, Ingrid and Steven departed company
      with the promise of he dropping around to her place later that evening.   
&quot;Come along. You're going to work that meal off.&quot; Ingrid
      said to Slave Jason as she fastened his leash to his collar and walked
      out of the restaurant.   
Steven and she walked over to the stage where they had auctioned
      her and her fellow slaves off. On the short walk over to the theater, Steven
      explained to her that tonight some of the permanent slaves were putting
      on a play. The seats were arranged in two's and four's with a small coffee
      table between them so that a person could set their drinks down. While
      Steven and she were waiting for the show to start, he ordered drinks for
      the two of them. What pleased her more was that the chairs were well padded.
      Her bottom was still tingling from the spanking she received earlier. Steven
      was more in a talkative mood than he was the other two nights. The conversation
      was less rigid as the two of them were getting to know each other a little
      better.   
She was surprised with the quality of the play. She thought it
      would be amateurish but it was quite professional. The play was only a
      four-person play with Slave Rachael playing the lead female part. She saw
      professional plays that were not as good as this. The play lasted just
      over an hour with a short intermission so that the guests and slaves could
      take a brake.    
On the way to Mistress Ingrid's bungalow the two of them commented
      on the play they just saw and had a few laughs about some of the comical
      parts.    
&quot;It's nice to relax and not to think about sex for a bit.
      Don't you agree?&quot; Steven asked as he lightly knocked on Ingrid's door.   
&quot;Yes Master it does give a person a break.&quot; Allison replied
      as Jason opened the door.   
This was a different looking Jason than they saw a short while
      ago. Jason had on a female slave's dress and panties plus make-up applied
      to his face. Actually he did not look too bad in drag.   
Mistress Ingrid was reclining on the couch with her legs crossed
      and was in the nude. She was a big-boned woman in her early thirties and
      if Allison had to guess, stood over six feet tall. What she observed so
      far at the resort, nobody was ashamed of their nudity.    
&quot;I think my slave gets a kick in being dressed up. Don't you?&quot; Ingrid
      asked Jason while he stood with his eyes lowered.    
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot;    
&quot;Get Master Steven a drink. Do I have to tell you to do everything?&quot; Ingrid
      said in frustration.   
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot;   
&quot;I think I'll send him to the dungeon. Maybe they can make
      him move a little quicker.&quot;   
&quot;Please Mistress Ingrid.&quot; Jason sobbed as he delivered
      Steven his drink.   
&quot;Get over here. Down on your hands and knees.&quot; Ingrid
      ordered.    
Allison watched as Mistress Ingrid stepped into a strap- on dildo.
      By the looks of it, it had to be about eight or nine inches long.   
&quot;Well are you going to lick it, or do you what me to dry hump
      you.&quot; Ingrid said as she adjusted the straps on the dildo.   
Allison watched what was unfolding between Mistress Ingrid and
      her slave as she sat on the floor and Master Steven sat in the chair. After
      Jason had licked the artificial penis to Mistress Ingrid's satisfaction,
      she walked around to his back and lifted up his short dress. It was only
      then that she realized what Mistress Ingrid was going to do. She watched
      as Ingrid yanked down Jason's panties and slowly enter the dido up his
      back door. Stealing her eyes away from Mistress Ingrid, she looked up at
      her Master who was watching the scene unfolding in front of him with the
      same intensity as she was. When a slap on Jason's bottom and a scolding
      from his Mistress about whimpering like a little school girl broke her
      concentration, she looked at Jason's face. Beads of sweat were running
      down his face and the look was far from pain but of pleasure.    
&quot;Enough.&quot; Mistress Ingrid exclaimed as she disengaged
      herself from Jason and pulled off her male equipment and laid on the floor
      with her legs spread wide.   
&quot;Fuck me.&quot;    
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; Jason replied while he fumbled undoing
      the straps that would free his penis. With his penis becoming free of it's
      restraint, Jason ran his hand along the length of it before turning to
      his Mistress.    
&quot;You better last longer than you did earlier. I swear if you
      do not satisfy me properly, I will send you to the dungeon.&quot; Ingrid
      warned her slave as he crawled between her legs.   
Allison was so wrapped up in watching the two of them having sex
      that she was startled when her Master tapped her on the shoulder. Getting
      out of his chair, Steven helped his slave to her feet and quietly left
      Mistress Ingrid and Jason to their love making.   
&quot;Do you care for a drink Master?&quot; Allison asked after
      the two of them had been sitting out on the patio for a while.   
&quot;Yes. A Scotch on the rocks.&quot;    
While Allison was mixing the drink, Steven called from the patio
      and told her she could have a drink also if she cared to.   
Returning to the patio, she handed Steven his drink and waited
      until he gave her permission to sit.    
&quot;What are you drinking?&quot; Steven asked after Allison had
      kicked off her sandals and curled her feet so that she was sitting on them.   
&quot;Napoleon Brandy on ice, Master.&quot; She replied.   
&quot;Strange drink for a woman.&quot;    
&quot;It is my husbands favorite refreshment.&quot; Allison commented
      as she took a sip and let it trickle down her throat. Closing her eyes,
      she let herself relax and take in the night sounds of the tropics.   
&quot;Does he partake in the same pleasures as you?&quot;    
&quot;In away. He is the dominant one.&quot; Allison replied.   
&quot;He is a lucky man.&quot;    
&quot;How about you Master?&quot; Allison asked.    
&quot;No, my wife would faint if she knew that I patronized a place
      like this. Her tastes are more to the French Rivera.&quot; Steven responded
      as he finished off his drink and set the empty glass on the table.    
The two of them sat in silence for a while longer until Steven
      mentioned that they should retire for the evening.    
After Allison had removed her dress and was about to slip out of
      her underwear, Steven told her he wanted her to sleep in them for the night.
      While Steven held her close as they lay in bed, she had two thoughts that
      ran through her mind. One, Steven had a reason for her to sleep in her
      panties and the second thought was that she hoped that Richard was enjoying
      himself as much as she was.   
&nbsp;   
Richard and Thalia joined Gordon and Diana at the sea food restaurant
      about seven o'clock that evening. The conversation was light between the
      two men while the slaves ate in silence. Thalia's bottom was still smarting
      from her earlier spanking and Diana's bottom was stinging from the spanking
      that Master Gordon gave her when he came back from breakfast.    
Slave Diana was glad when Master Gordon came back from breakfast
      and informed her that his golf game had been canceled. She had to go to
      the washroom, however before he had a chance to free her from her shackles,
      there was a knock on the door and two Spanish cleaning ladies entered.
      She never felt so humiliated as the two women looked at her in such a vulnerable
      position. What made the situation even worse for her was when Master Gordon
      took off his belt and gave a demonstration on how to spank a slave. As
      Master Gordon whipped her, the two women talked in their native tongue
      and sipped on a coffee he had made for them. She never thought she had
      it in her, but as the belt landed on her already sore bottom and the two
      woman laughed at her, she rubbed herself on the carpet and had one of her
      best orgasms so far since she arrived at The Spa . Master Gordon left her
      laying on the floor as he read the morning newspaper and the cleaning ladies
      cleaned around her with the odd snide remark. She could have died of embarrassment
      that the cleaning ladies were making fun of her if it was not for the fact
      that she enjoyed the humiliation. Afterwards Master Gordon allowed her
      to have a shower and something to eat before sending her to the later of
      the two exercise classes, after which she could go back to her quarters
      to get some needful sleep.   
&quot;I was talking to Mistress Nicole. She is the mistress from
      Australia. She is having an orgy to night, just five or six couples. How
      about joining us?&quot; Gordon asked while the two men were relaxing over
      a drink.   
&quot;If you would have asked me two days ago, I would have jumped
      at the idea. Believe it or not, I am going to relax in front of the television.
      Maybe watch a good movie.&quot; Richard replied.   
&quot;I do not blame you one bit. If Mistress Nicole was not an
      old friend, my slave and I would be doing the same thing.&quot; Gordon
      said as he finished his drink.   
&quot;Our game still on for tomorrow morning?&quot;    
&quot;Sure thing. Meet you on the course at nine.&quot; Gordon
      replied.   
&quot;Come Allison!&quot; Richard said to Thalia. He did not catch
      the slip that he made in the name.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&quot;Master. Who is Allison?&quot; Thalia asked as she was snuggling
      close to Richard while the two sat on the couch watching a movie.   
&quot;Who wants to know?&quot;   
&quot;You called me that name when we left the restaurant.&quot; Thalia
      replied.   
&quot;I do not think it is any of your business.&quot; Richard
      answered as he playfully grabbed her and turned her over his knees and
      lightly gave her bottom two or three swats.   
As the credits were rolling at the end of the movie, Richard glanced
      down at his slave as she tried to stifle another yawn. Partway through
      the movie she had laid her head on his lap and fought to stay awake.   
&quot;I do not know about you but I am tired.&quot; Richard said
      as he flicked the off television.   
&quot;What can I do to please you Master before you go to bed?&quot; Thalia
      asked as she unfolded herself from Richard. She hoped that Richard was
      not angry with her for not being a more dutiful slave tonight. However,
      she was tired. That did not mean that she would not gladly perform anything
      her Master wanted her to do.   
&quot;Nothing tonight.&quot;    
&quot;Is my Master angry at me?&quot; Thalia asked. She was hoping
      that he would tell her to come to bed with him.   
&quot;No. I am not angry at you. Come let us go to bed.&quot; Richard
      said as he leaned down and gave her a kiss.  
CHAPTER 12****  
Allison fell asleep it seemed as soon as her head hit the pillow.
    The only thing she felt was when Master Steven wrapped an arm around her
    and pressed her closer to his body and the feel of his hard erection as it
poked her in the bum.  
&quot;Wake up slave. We got a busy morning ahead of us.&quot; Steven
    whispered in Allison's ear.  
&quot;Oh Master let me sleep a little bit longer.&quot; Allison groaned.  
Steven grabbed her gently but firm enough to show her who the master
    was. Before she could even think of doing anything, he had her across his
    lap and had administered about half a dozen swats on her bottom.  
&quot;Fold your panties and lay them on the foot of the bed then join
    me in the shower.&quot; Steven said as Allison stretched and rolled out of
    bed.  
Allison was thankful that Master Steven was allowing her to have a
    shower as she stepped out of her soiled underwear. They had a strong feminine
    scent to them as she folded them and laid them on the foot of the bed. After
    Steven and she had a shower together, she made them both a coffee and Steven
    allowed her to drink hers with him on the patio. The morning light was just
    breaking and Allison was curious what Steven had planned for her.  
&quot;Master?&quot; Allison said in a timid voice. So far this morning
    she had been a model slave, doing everything her master asked of her. Sitting
    with her legs spread, she wanted to ask him a question.  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;I believe this hot coffee will act as a laxative. I don't think
    I will need a morning enema.&quot; Allison replied. She was hoping that he
    would relent with this form of humiliation.  
&quot;No. I think Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol would be very disappointed
    if I robbed them of the pleasure they received from administering the enemas
    to the slaves.&quot; Steven said.  
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;  
Allison and Steven had just finished their coffee and Allison was
    taking the empty coffee cups inside when she heard a light knock on the door.
    She did not need to guess who was there as she went and let Doctor Redfield
    and Nurse Carol into the room.  
While Allison stood in the proper manner befitting a slave, the other
    three exchanged pleasantries. While Nurse Carol motioned to Allison to follow
    her to the washroom, Steven was offering Doctor Redfield a drink at the bar.  
Allison needed no instructions on receiving her morning enema. As
    she waited, she heard the snap of the rubber gloves and then the cold ointment
    being smeared into her rectum. Within minutes her ordeal was over and she
    was sitting on the toilet expelling her waste. That was when Nurse Carol
    leaned over and lifted her head and gave her a long passionate kiss on the
    lips.  
&quot;Back on your mat. I'm going to flush you out with just warm
    water.&quot; Nurse Carol ordered.  
After this second humiliating procedure was done, Nurse Carol commanded
    Allison once again to get on her hands and knees. This time Nurse Carol produced
    Allison's leash and clipped it to her collar.  
&quot;Come.&quot; Carol ordered as she started to walk out of the
    bathroom.  
Allison did not know what was going to happen to her, but she was
    beginning to get aroused. She was shocked when Carol kissed her. This time
    as she was sitting on the toilet and expelling the warm water. Carol was
    kneading her own breasts and lightly pulling on her nipples. Upon entering
    the main room on her hands and knees, she glanced up to find Doctor Redfield
    naked and sitting on the couch and her master sitting on another chair also
    in the nude. What shocked her was when Doctor Redfield picked up the panties
    she discarded recently and held them to his nose.  
&quot;Get up on the table and spread your legs.&quot; Nurse Carol
    ordered.  
She did not know what was going to happen as she knelt on the table.
    Closing her eyes and lowering her head, she waited in anticipation as Nurse
    Carol knelt behind her and spread the petals of her womanhood. Allison tried
    to suppress a moan of pleasure when she felt the raspy tongue of Nurse Carol
    lick her exposed vagina. She finally stopped trying to conceal her moans
    once Nurse Carol slipped one finger then two up her vagina and slowly but
    firmly moved them in and out of her while continuing to run her tongue from
    her anus to her throbbing clit.  
This felt different with a woman performing oral sex, especially someone
    as talented as Carol. Allison moaned louder as she felt Carol lick around
    her puckered anus before entering it with her tongue.  
Glancing over at her master who was sitting off to her right she asked
    his permission to come. She watched in awe as Steven stroked his erect penis
    while he watched Nurse Carol perform oral sex on his slave. Turning her head
    to the other side, she looked at Doctor Redfield. He was attempting to arouse
    his semi-hard penis with one hand while holding the exposed crotch of her
    used panties with his other hand up to his nose as he watched the two women.  
&quot;Ask Mistress Carol.&quot; Steven replied.  
&quot;Mistress Carol.&quot;  
&quot;On your back.&quot; Carol ordered as she gave Allison a gentle
    slap on her behind.  
&quot;That's right. Now bend those legs and hold them.&quot; Carol
    instructed as she once again started to lick Allison.  
&quot;Mistress. Please.&quot; Allison sobbed as she watched Carol
    go down on her. Holding onto her legs so that they pressed into breasts,
    Allison could look between her knees and watch as Carol tormented her with
    her tongue and fingers.  
&quot;You can come slave. Only if you cry out. I do not want any of
    this whimpering.&quot; Carol replied in a sultry voice.  
&quot;Yes Mistress. Fuck me. Fuck me hard.&quot; Allison murmured
    as Carol started to jab three of her fingers into Allison's wet vagina. Allison
    cried out as Carol's fingers were entering her faster and faster while she
    was gently sucking on her hard exposed clit.  
&quot;Louder slave.&quot; Carol ordered.  
Allison did not let her Mistress down as she pulled on her own nipples
    and cried out as her orgasm built to a feverish pitch. Carol still had three
    fingers jammed up in her plus now she was smacking Allison on the bottom
    as her orgasm peaked.  
Slowly Allison released her legs and lowered them to the floor while
    Carol removed her come-covered fingers from Allison and laid her head on
    Allison's stomach.  
Allison felt Carol stir and opened her eyes as Carol arranged herself
    on top of her. Taking the three fingers that she had been stimulating Allison
    with, she held them to Allison's lips for her to clean off. After cleaning
    the tangy essence of herself from Carol's fingers, Carol looked into her
    eyes and lowered her lips to hers. This time Allison responded by hugging
    Carol as they eagerly explored each others mouths.  
While they were locked in a passionate embrace, Allison's thoughts
    took her back over the years.  
It seemed like only yesterday instead of fifteen years ago since she
    had her first experience with another girl. She was fourteen and went to
    an exclusive all girls school. She was a member of the drama club and the
    school was putting on a play which she had long forgotten the name of. One
    part was for a male which she played. In one of the scenes the female actress
    turns to her boyfriend and kisses him on the lips. During a rehearsal in
    Allison's room one day, Mary Sue who played the female part got carried away
    with her acting and kissed Allison quite passionately on the lips. The two
    girls rinsed their mouth out and said how gross it was kissing each other,
    but she never forgot that kiss. The school cut that part from the play saying
    it was too controversial. For years afterwards sometimes she would relive
    that kiss while she masturbated.  
The only other time that she had made love to another woman was when
    she was in college. By then she had many boyfriends and just as many sexual
    partners. Her boyfriends parents had a cottage and Todd and her thought they
    would enjoy taking a break from school and spend a weekend at the cottage
    just soaking up the sun and relaxing before final examines started. Todd
    also invited his best friend and his girlfriend. Allison was not too familiar
    with the couple, but she went along with Todd's suggestion. The first day
    turned into a disaster with the guys leaving the women on their own while
    Todd and his friend Jeff went fishing. She was a little miffed about being
    left with Tammie while he went fishing. This weekend was supposed to be a
    couple's thing, not a guy thing with fishing and drinking. She could tell
    that Tammie had the same feelings that she did about what was unfolding.
    On a more pleasant note she and Tammie got to know each other a little better.
    By the time the afternoon rolled around, Tammie got daring and removed the
    top of her bikini and laid back to soak up the sun. As she said, nobody else
    was around but for her and Allison. Allison chuckled and also removed her
    top. The guys finally arrived back at the cottage late in the afternoon.
    Both of them were drunk. No sooner did they get into the cabin than they
    passed out. She and Tammie looked in disgust at their two boyfriends and
    half dragged and pulled them into one of the bedrooms and dumped them onto
    the bed so they could sleep off the effects of the alcohol.  
So much for a romantic evening she thought as Tammie barbecued a couple
    of steaks for them. After eating, she suggested to Tammie that they watch
    television. As is normal in the cottage country the reception was the pits.
    Turning to Tammie, who was sitting next to her, she asked that considering
    there was nothing on the television what else she wanted to do. Tammie turned
    to Allison and asked her as she blushed if she wanted to watch a porno movie
    that Jeff had brought with him.  
&quot;Why not. We might as well make ourselves comfortable.&quot; She
    said to Tammie as she brought out a bottle of wine and a couple of wine glasses.  
&quot;I'm sorry about lousing up your weekend.&quot; Tammie apologized.  
&quot;Do not take offence at what I am about to say. But right now
    I'd rather have your company than Todd's.&quot; Allison said with a laugh.  
&quot;No offence taken. I know how you feel.&quot; Tammie replied.  
Allison had seen a few adult tapes and as her and Tammie watched the
    movie they made the usual jokes about the guys in the movie being well endowed
    and the endurance of their love making. The only awkward parts of the movie
    were the lesbian scenes that were in the movie. She and Tammie did not say
    anything when those parts were on, both kept their eyes glued to the television
    but a few times she felt Tammie steal a few glances at her.   
After the movie was over the two of them were tired so they thought
    they would go to bed. They knew it was not going to be easy to move either
    one of the boyfriends into the next room. When they opened the bedroom door,
    the smell of stale beer plus the stench of the guys beer farts was just about
    enough to make a person gag.   
Both women decided to let their boyfriends sleep together in their
    own stink while they took the other bedroom for themselves. Neither woman
    had brought appropriate sleeping attire as they confided in each other that
    both slept in the nude. They both decided that they would feel more comfortable
    with wearing their bras and panties to bed. Allison was not ashamed of her
    body but it had been a few years seen she slept with a girl. After turning
    off the lights both women stripped down and hopped into bed.  
Allison was wishing that Todd had not gotten drunk as she was feeling
    very sensual. She did not know if it was the wine or the movie or even Tammie's
    company. One thing that she could not get out of her mind as she drifted
    off to sleep was two women making love in the movie. She had only been asleep
    awhile when she awoke with Tammie and her facing each other and their arms
    wrapped around each other. Tammie was also awake and as they looked into
    each others eyes they drew their lips together for a quick but passionate
    kiss. Neither woman was experience in this type of love making but as they
    broke their kiss off, they stripped each other of the remaining clothes they
    were wearing. Allison never dreamed that making love to another woman would
    be so erotic. Tammie and she discovered new heights of fulfillment as they
    brought each other to many orgasms during the night.  
The next day their boyfriends could not do enough for them as they
    were feeling guilty for ruining the first day by getting drunk. Tammie and
    she just smiled and let the guys do all they could for them. That night as
    Todd and her were making love, she heard the sounds of Tammie and Jeff with
    their love making. She almost wished that she could be making love to Tammie
    instead of Jeff.  
Shortly after that weekend, her and Todd broke up and she never got
    to see Tammie again. That was her one and only time with making love to another
    woman.  
She was jolted back to the present with her master standing up and
    moving behind Carol.  
&quot;Oh . . . Ohhhhhhh. Your Master is shoving his big cock in me.&quot; Carol
    groaned into Allison's ear.  
Allison responded by grabbing Carol by her long hair so she could
    kiss her again. She felt Carol's body responding to the pounding that her
    master was giving her. Allison's whole body felt as if it was going to explode
    in response to Carol's kisses and the feel of her aroused breasts rubbing
    against Carol's.  
&quot;My God. Oh my God. Your Master is shoving his cock up my ass.
    Ohhhhh.&quot;  
Allison could feel the table shaking as Steven thrust into Carol.
    Allison did not need Carol describing what was happening to her to get aroused.
    She was ready to come again as she stuck her tongue as far into Carol's mouth
    as she could.  
&quot;Your Master is bum fucking me. He's bum fucking me. He's bum
    fuc . . . &quot; Carol screamed as her whole body started to quiver after
    she had removed her mouth from Allison's.  
Who came first, Allison did not know? She heard her master yelling
    out as he rammed his penis into Carol for the last time. When Carol came
    she had her head in the crook of Allison's neck and was babbling away to
    herself. When she came, she hugged Carol all the harder and whispering dirty
    words into Carol's ear.  
&quot;Yes. Yes. Good. Good.&quot; Doctor Redfield was moaning while
    he was jerking himself off into Allison's panties that he had wrapped around
    his penis.  
Allison did not have long to relax before Master Steven removed his
    penis from Carol's bottom and held his penis to her mouth for her to clean.
    Turning her head to the side and opening her mouth, Steven watched as she
    sucked and licked his and Carol's juices from his organ.  
She felt so wicked as she lay on her back with her legs spread. When
    Carol positioned her bottom over her face, she knew what Carol wanted done.
    As she lowered her bottom onto Allison's mouth, she wormed her tongue between
    the cheeks of Carol's buttocks and licked up her master's discharge.  
&quot;Oh . . . Oh . . . I'm coming again.&quot; Carol cried as she
    pressed her bottom harder on Allison's face while pulling on her breasts.  
She closed her eyes after Carol lifted herself off her face and breathed
    deeply while Carol recuperated slumped in the chair.  
&quot;Wow! That was great but I need a bath.&quot; Carol murmured
    as she ran her fingers through her coarse pubic hair.  
&quot;Steven. Can I borrow your slave?&quot;  
Allison followed Carol into the bathroom. As she was running a bubble
    bath, Allison turned to see what Carol was doing. She was sitting on the
    toilet peeing. When she was finished, Allison knelt down and wiped her without
    any prompting.  
&quot;Come. Get in the bath with me. There's plenty of room.&quot; Carol
    instructed Allison. She was impressed with Allison's obedience. She never
    had anybody wipe her without ordering them to.  
After a quick bath, Allison lent Carol the small quantity of cosmetics
    she had at Steven's place. Within a short time the two women emerged from
    the bathroom looking refreshed and cleaner then they did when they went in.  
Both Doctor Redfield and Steven were wearing robes and sitting out
    on the patio drinking a cup of coffee. While the women were bathing Steven
    ordered a carafe of coffee for the four of them.  
After getting permission to sit, Allison poured herself a much needed
    cup of coffee. She sat and listened as the other three talked about what
    their plans were for the day. The doctor and nurse were going into town and
    setting up a clinic for the day and her master was going to read and relax
    around the pool after going to the gym and working out. The only problem
    her master and a few of the other guests had, was that the gym equipment
    needed to be updated.After a second cup of coffee for each person, their
    little party split up and went their separate ways.  
Everything was going great for her this morning including the great
    sex. When she was slipping on her dress, she was worried that Master Steven
    would insist on her wearing her filthy underwear. It was kind of comical
    as she looked at the underwear that was laying half in the wastepaper basket
    at the same moment Steven looked at them. Both were looking at them and neither
    person was doing anything about it. Finally he just motioned with a nod of
    his head for her to go. She was hoping if she had time that she would drop
    by her place and pick up a clean pair. She would have if it was not for meeting
    a mistress going for a morning stroll. Allison had to stand off the path
    with her head bowed while the mistress smelled the flowers and waited for
    her to pass. By than it was too late and she went directly to her exercise
    class.  
Upon entering the gym she spotting Alicia talking with Bryan. She
    only had time to say good mornings to her room mates when Slave Don entered.  
&quot;I'll be taking over for Master Tim this morning. If any of you
    pitiful looking slaves think you can get away with slacking off. Think again.&quot; Don
    said in his booming voice.  
Each slave knew what the procedure was as they stripped down to their
    underwear and waited in a straight line except Allison who did not have time
    to get a pair of undies on her way to class.  
Slave Don was a tyrant as he drove the slaves through their exercise
    routine. Finally the hour was over and Alicia and she were sitting on the
    exercise mats getting their breath back from running two laps of the track.
    One of the slaves in their class said. &quot;Thank God that's over with.&quot; Unfortunately
    for the slaves, Slave Don over heard the comment and made the whole class
    run another two laps of the track.  
Bryan walked over to them after the class and the three of them walked
    back to their quarters together. On the way, Allison asked why Bryan was
    at the early morning exercise class instead of the later one.  
Bryan told her that he had pleased his mistress and she had given
    him permission to change to the early morning class if Master Tim gave his
    permission and if there was an opening. So when Master Tim was giving him
    his morning enema, he wiggled his bum nicely while Master Tim ran his hands
    over him. This way I can get a couple more hours a day on my research.  
&quot;Hell, I would have gone down on him if he wanted me to.&quot; Bryan
    said.  
&quot;You will be more than giving him head by the end of two weeks.&quot; Alicia
    laughed.  
&quot;So I take it that Master Tim hands out the enema's while the
    doctor and the nurse are away?&quot; Allison asked. The longer she was here
    at the resort, the more she was amazed on how it was ran.  
&quot;Don't forget Mistress Gabriel. She is a bitch in capital letters.
    She helps him. I don't think she put any ointment on the nozzle this morning
    when she shoved it up my ass.&quot; Alicia said as the three of them entered
    their bungalow.  
Within a few minutes Allison was relaxing as the hot water soothed
    her. She knew her room mates were enjoying the same as she heard the showers
    in their rooms.  
Allison was just finishing her toiletries when Alicia entered.  
&quot;Remember what I told you about you not being the only one shaved
    down below.&quot; Alicia said.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; Allison replied.  
&quot;Well.&quot; Alicia said as she bent her knees and lifted up
    her dress. Pulling aside the crotch of her panties, Allison could see that
    her friend was cleanly shaved.  
&quot;When did that happen?&quot;  
&quot;Yesterday when my mistress called.&quot;  
Alicia turned to leave the room when Allison walked up behind her
    and pulled down her underwear. For whatever reason she did that for she did
    not know. When Allison was in the girls school, they used to horse around
    like that every so often. Alicia took the jester in good faith and chased
    Allison out into the sitting room after she had pulled up her underwear.
    With both women laughing, Alicia was trying to corner Allison so that she
    could do the same to her. Allison never heard Bryan sneak up behind her,
    until she felt her undies being yanked down around her ankles. Both women
    looked at Bryan and started chasing him around the room. Although he did
    not wear any underwear, the women would try to grab a feel of his male equipment.   
After about ten or fifteen minutes of yanking undies down and grabbing,
    the three of them were laughing so hard they could not go on. Allison was
    sprawled face down on the sitting room rug with her underwear around her
    ankles. She had one leg in and the other out and she was holding her sides
    from laughing so hard. Alicia was draping over the arm of the couch with
    her panties part way down her thighs and was trying to pull them up as tears
    of laughter ran down her face. Bryan was slumped in the chair and every time
    Alicia attempted to hoist up her undies, he would hook his toe in them and
    pulled them back down. Finally the three of them pulled themselves together
    except for an odd chuckle, and went for breakfast.   
&nbsp;  
While the antics were going on at the slaves quarters, Steven received
    a call from security as he was lazing around the pool and having his penis
    sucked by a permanent slave. The call was from the head of security, informing
    him that something strange was going on in his slave's quarters and should
    they do anything about it. Once the security officer said what was taking
    place, Steven had a laugh and told them no. He also told him that they could
    cease monitoring of his slave's quarters. Steven was pleased with Allison's
    conduct, she had become an obedient slave.  
&nbsp;  
As the three slaves ate a hardy breakfast the topic of what they did
    the night before came up. Alicia informed them that she did get traded to
    Master Paul, the baseball player.  
&quot;You were right Allison when you said he was hung. Kinky too.
    He had his slave and me acting like a couple of whores.&quot; Alicia said
    with a smile.  
&quot;What did your mistress use as a slave?&quot; Allison asked.  
&quot;No need to worry about Mistress Meka. She showed up at the orgy
    my mistress threw with two permanent male slaves.&quot; Bryan mentioned. &quot;The
    last time I saw Mistress Meka, she was sandwiched between her two slaves.&quot;  
&quot;Oh! An orgy. My favorite form of entertainment. How did that
    turn out?&quot; Alicia asked.  
&quot;Tough.&quot; Bryan said with a little chuckle.  
&quot;How about you? The way you been acting this morning, you must
    have gotten satisfied.&quot; Alicia asked as she turned to Allison.  
Allison gave them a cut down version of what took place that morning.
    She skipped over telling them all that took place. But she did let them know
    that she enjoyed her morning sex capades.  
After relaxing over another coffee, Bryan wished the women a good
    day and stood up to take his leave. That was when the girls asked him to
    go swimming with them. It seemed such a waste when the three of them got
    along so good together that they should not spend more time together. Bryan
    explained that he wished he could but he needed to spend more time on deciphering
    those manuscripts.  
It was uncanny as the two women exchanged glaces. Allison knew what
    Alicia was going to ask Bryan before she said it.  
&quot;How about if Allison and I help you.&quot;  
&quot;Well. If you do not mind. I could use the help.&quot; Bryan
    replied. Their help would come in handy even if it was just looking over
    reference books.  
For the remainder of the week the three slaves worked well together.
    It surprised Bryan on how much help Allison and Alicia were. Alicia was a
    help with her being fluent in Greek. She could translate some old Greek documents
    that had references pertaining to Bryan's quest. Allison worked well with
    Alicia, Allison had a knack with dates and names. After the second day Allison
    could tell the period of some dynasties. She knew anything pertaining to
    The Old Kingdom, 2700 to 2200 B.C., which was anywhere between the third
    and sixth dynasties, were important to Bryan. Another dynasty he was interested
    in was called The Intermediate Period, 2200 to 1650 B.C. which was between
    the seventh and eleventh dynasties. Bryan wanted to know immediately any
    information that Alicia might find on three particular kings, a King Djedefre,
    King Khnufu, and King Knafe which all came from The Old Kingdom.  
The three slaves would start their day with their morning exercise
    class followed by a shower and breakfast. Next they would spend about two
    hours at the library pouring over old documents. Sometimes the women wondered
    what they'd gotten themselves into helping Bryan but by one o'clock he would
    call it quits for the day and the three of them would have lunch and then
    lounge around the pool until about three or four o'clock.  
At times during the day Allison almost forgot she was a slave. It
    was a different story at night when her master kept her guessing about the
    plans he had for her. One thing she was always aware of was that she was
    in a constant state of arousal.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Richard thought he was dreaming. He felt something slimly between
    the cheeks of his ass.  
Opening his eyes and turning his head, he found his slave Thalia licking
    him between the cheeks of his bottom.  
&quot;Does my master enjoy this?&quot; Thalia said once she saw her
    master looking over his shoulder.  
Closing his eyes again he allowed Thalia to continue. After a few
    more minutes of enjoying Thalia's expertise at bum licking, he grabbed her
    and rolled her on her back.  
&quot;Master I have not washed down there yet.&quot; Thalia warned
    her master.  
&quot;Hush. I did not ask for your comment.&quot; Richard replied
    as spread her legs wider apart and lowered his face to her aroused vagina.
    The smell was pungent but it was erotic as Richard started to slowly tease
    her with his tongue. While Richard was orally stimulating her, Thalia positioned
    her head so she could take Richard's erection into her mouth and torment
    him as he was doing to her.  
Thalia knew she was close to coming. Another couple of licks from
    Richard and she would be there. She increased her efforts on making her master
    come by taking his whole erection into her mouth and deep throating him.
    Slipping a hand between his buttocks, Thalia pushed gently with her middle
    finger until it entered Richard's anus. Within seconds it had the desired
    effect on him and she felt his penis expand and tasted the first volley of
    his come. When Richard felt himself lose control, he buried his face into
    Thalia's moist pubic hair and sucked at her throbbing clit until she started
    to come.  
Richard continued to lie on top of Thalia until his penis slowly started
    to shrink and slip from his slave's mouth. Afterward the two of them showered
    and sat out on the patio in the nude and relaxed with a cup of coffee. Richard
    found the morning breeze soothing as he laid his head back and let the sounds
    of a new day begin.  
A light knocking on the door jolted both Thalia and him from their
    own thoughts. After Richard had put on a robe, he told Thalia to answer the
    door. Neither of them had to guess who was at the door but they were surprised
    when Gabriel and Tim entered. Both had a cheerful smile as they introduced
    themselves to Richard and explained that they would be performing the enemas
    today. After informing Richard that Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol had other
    obligations that they had to attend to, they motioned for Thalia to following
    them into the bathroom.  
Richard stood and watched Thalia as she submitted to the enema. After
    a few minutes he started to get an erection as he watched Gabriel spread
    Thalia's bottom and insert the nozzle. To save himself any embarrassment
    he stood out on the patio and watched as The Spa came to life. One thing
    about being a master, your mind is always working on ways to humiliate your
    slave. As Gordon told Richard &quot;always keep your slave guessing on what
    you are going to do to her&quot; and Richard just thought of a wicked punishment
    for his slave.  
Upon hearing the toilet flush, Richard rejoined Tim and Gabriel as
    they were preparing to leave. After seeing the two of them to the door, Richard
    removed his robe and relaxed again out on the patio.  
&quot;Would you like for me to take care of that for you, Master?&quot; Thalia
    asked as she watched her master stretch out on the lounge with his erection
    sticking up.  
&quot;No thank you, but you can get us another coffee.&quot; Richard
    replied while he looked at Thalia and wrapped his hand around his penis and
    pumped his erection a couple of times.  
&quot;Master. Can I go to the bathroom? I have to pee.&quot; Thalia
    asked for the second time. She needed to relieve herself after the after
    the first cup. Since then Richard had made her drink another two cups and
    the need to pee was getting uncomfortable.  
&quot;No. It is time for your exercise class.&quot; Richard said as
    he went into the bedroom and got dressed.  
Thalia knew her master had some devilish plan for her, she did not
    know what. Donning a clean dress and clean underwear, she bowed her head
    as her master attached her leash.  
Being lead around by a leash always made Thalia aroused. This time
    was no exception. The more she thought about having to pee the worst it felt.
    As she followed her master, the only thing on her mind was when was he going
    to let her go to the washroom.  
&quot;There you go.&quot; Richard said as they stopped beside an open
    area that had not been planted with flowers.  
&quot;Pardon me. Master.&quot; Thalia asked. She did not know what
    Richard wanted of her. The only thing she saw was a dirt field and a few
    people walking by on the sidewalk.  
&quot;You have to go to the washroom. Do it in the dirt.&quot;  
She did not know what to do. He gave her a direct order and being
    a slave she had to do as he told her to do.  
Hiking up her dress and pulling down her underwear, she squatted in
    the dirt and did her personal business in plan view as people stopped and
    stared at her. This had to be the most embarrassing thing so far since coming
    to Pleasure Incorporated. However, one thing was for sure, it had been a
    long time since she had been this aroused. She stole a glance at her master
    as she stepped over a small trickle of urine and stood beside him with her
    head bowed. She could hardly wait until she got to the exercise class and
    brag to Diana how perverted her master was to her.  
On the way to meet Gordon for golf, Richard whistled a tune and anticipated
    another fine day at The Spa. Today would be a good time to ask Gordon about
    borrowing Diana so that she and Thalia could put on a lesbian show for Gordon
    and him. It had been years since he saw two women have sex with each other.    
CHAPTER 13****  
Before Allison got dressed, she weighed herself. She took a second
    look at the scales to really confirm that she had lost five pounds in the
    last week. Looking over her shoulder at herself in the mirror, she noticed
    that she had lost most of it from her rear end.  
&quot;You look good. This type of living seems to agree with you.&quot; Alicia
    said as Allison spied the reflection of Alicia looking at her in the mirror.  
&quot;I feel good also. It has to be all that darn exercising.&quot; Allison
    replied. The three of them had finished their morning exercises and had returned
    to their quarters to shower and get changed before going for breakfast.  
In the last three days Alicia and she had helped Bryan out during
    the day and pleased their Mistress and Master at night. Each evening Allison
    had experienced a new form of depravity that her master had thought up. The
    same day that Nurse Carol and she had the great sex in the morning, she had
    another new experience with her master and Master Herman that night. The
    two virile men ravished her body until they made her beg them to let her
    have an orgasm. They continued until the early hours of the morning. Sometimes
    they made love to her together and at other times only one at a time while
    the other sat back and watched. This continued until neither one could get
    another erection. She was exhausted the next day and sorry to say not of
    much assistance to Bryan and Alicia. Her two new found friends were sympathetic
    and chuckled about her predicament that morning when she showed up for the
    exercise class. That night her master and she relaxed over an excellent dinner
    of Cuban lobster and snow crab at the seafood restaurant.  
The next night Master Steven traded her to Mistress Gabriel. Alicia
    having informed her that Mistress Gabriel was a bitch, Allison did everything
    that a slave could do to please her. Mistress Gabriel enjoyed it when a slave
    lingered over sucking on her toes. At times Allison had anywhere from one
    toe in her mouth to just about all five. While she was performing this. Lisa,
    Mistress Gabriel's slave was sucking the toes of her other foot. The night
    was a blur of sexual deviations. At times she would be performing oral sex
    on Lisa while Mistress Gabriel would be watching them while she manipulated
    herself with a vibrator. Allison found that she enjoyed the stimulation of
    female sex, especially when Mistress Gabriel had sex with her while she was
    wearing her strap on dildo. The night was long with Mistress Gabriel refusing
    her to have an orgasm, although she allowed her slave to have them. Whenever
    she was on the brink of an orgasm, Mistress Gabriel would turn her over on
    her knees and deliver a sound spanking on her bottom. Before leaving Mistress
    Gabriel's bungalow that morning, she experienced the most degrading form
    of slavery when her mistress told her to lay naked in the bathtub. She did
    not know what to expect until Mistress Gabriel also got into the tub and
    stood with her legs on each side of her prone body and urinated all over
    her. She knew that this was one of the most degrading acts that she had to
    perform so far, but for some reason she still got aroused just thinking about
    it. Feeling totally sexually frustrated after her night with Mistress Gabriel,
    she joined Alicia and Bryan at the exercise class. For the rest of the morning
    and part of the afternoon, she preferred her duties standing than to sitting.
    After the night she had with Mistress Gabriel, she appreciated her master
    even more.  
&quot;Are you girls going to admire yourselves all day? I'm hungry.&quot; Bryan
    jokingly asked as he stuck his head into Allison's room.  
&quot;You pervert. Do you get off on looking at women getting dressed?&quot; Allison
    replied just as good naturally while she looked around for something handy
    to throw at him.  
&quot;I'll be out in the sitting room when the two of you are ready.&quot; Bryan
    said as he ducked out of the room.  
Allison had a leisurely breakfast of french toast loaded with sirup
    and home fries plus a small dish of grits that Alicia and Bryan made fun
    of. Bryan had given the women today and tomorrow off to relax and just take
    it easy.  
Tomorrow was an important day at The Spa. This was when the mistresses
    and masters had their golf tournament. It was a small affair with only eighteen
    holes played. What followed was of interest for the slaves. This was the
    slave Olympics. Each master and mistress has entered their slave into different
    sexual competitions. The slaves do not know which competition they will be
    competing in until they call out their name. Over breakfast Alicia and Bryan
    filled Allison in on what to expect the next night. Allison suppressed a
    smile at the wickedness. She hoped to enjoy the Olympics.  
After eating Bryan left and went to do more paperwork and the women
    went to see which slaves were being traded. Slaves could be traded anytime
    that their mistress or master wanted, but most waited until after the first
    week.  
Allison looked at the posting with dread. She hopped that Master Steven
    had been happy with her. Still, there was no guarantee that he would not
    trade her. The list was short with only four trades on the board. Thank God,
    she was not one of them. Two of the names she recognized. One was Slave Tanya,
    she was the television star. Her master, Master Owen, who was an older man
    about forty-five was trading her. Across from the slave's name was the name
    of the new mistress or master that they were being traded to. In this case
    Mistress Gabriel traded her slave for Tanya. Lisa was Mistress Gabriel's
    slave and was a pleasant woman that looked to be about sixteen, which was
    impossible because a person had to be at lease twenty-one to be admitted
    at The Spa.  
&quot;Mistress Gabriel will not take any of Tanya's sass.&quot; Alicia
    said. &quot;Master Owen is too soft on his slaves.&quot;  
&quot;Why? Have you had him for a master?&quot; Allison asked as she
    continued to scan the names.  
&quot;I never had him for a permanent master. I have had a couple
    of sessions with him. He's on the kinky side. I'll tell you about him later.&quot; Alicia
    replied as she also read off the other names.  
The other three trades that they posted, Allison did not know who
    they were except that one of the slaves was in their exercise class.  
Both of them let out a sigh of relief that they were not they were
    not on the list. They looked at the other list. This one had the names of
    any slave that was sent to the dungeon and also the duration of their stay.
    The first of the three names was Slave Thalia, duration one night. Slave
    Jason, duration twenty-four hours. Slave Jennifer, duration forty-eight hours.  
&quot;So Mistress Ingrid did send Jason to the dungeon.&quot; Allison
    said to herself.  
For the remainder of the day the two women sunned themselves, played
    a little water sports and just relaxed. Allison also noticed that she was
    beginning to brown up just nicely from the little she was in the sun. After
    a light noonday meal, Alicia and she had a siesta before their mistress and
    master summoned them.  
Instead of a quiet dinner that evening Master Steven and she joined
    three other couples, Mistress Ingrid and Jason, Mistress Meka and Alicia
    and Master Paul and Lotta. After the meal all four couples went over to Bar
    Aztec for after dinner cocktails and listen to the Latin music being played
    by a small band. Allison had the opportunity to talk with Lotta as the two
    women went to the washroom. Lotta was the female slave that broke down and
    started crying the night of the slave auction. It was not the fact that she
    did not want to be there, she had a touch of food poisoning that laid her
    up for a couple of days. Like Allison this was her first time at The Spa.
    Both of them giggled as they admitted their stay had been stimulating to
    say the lease.  
&quot;Move it slaves. This is not a social exchange.&quot; Slave Sarah
    ordered. She had only been a permanent slave for a little over a year and
    this was her first assignment of responsibility. Her job at The Spa besides
    the sexual part of being a slave was washroom supervisor.  
&quot;Yes Slave Sarah.&quot; Both women answered as they finished
    their business.  
After a couple of drinks, the couples said their goodnights and went
    their separate ways.  
The next day was going to be a busy day with most of the mistresses
    and masters in the golf tournament. It was going to be a busy day for the
    slaves also. After they had their morning exercise, they were put to work.
    The male slaves were assigned to the heavier jobs of getting the main banquet
    area ready for the feast that they were holding after the golf tournament.
    The female slaves were issued lighter tasks such as cleaning and scrubbing
    the stag floor. Presiding over the slaves was Master Tim and Mistress Gabriel.
    Both would be carrying a strap for any slave who did not pull his weight.  
&nbsp;  
Richard found his mornings flying by with playing eighteen holes of
    golf each day on one of the two courses. After a light noonday meal that
    he usually had with Gordon, the two men would go their separate ways. Sometimes
    he would have a nap for an hour or so before spending time around the pool.
    Nights were the focal point of the day. This was when he would summon Thalia
    and the two of them would dine with Gordon and his slave.  
The sex was great. Not good but great. Richard never tired of new
    sexual perversions that Gordon and he thought up. Switching slaves was not
    uncommon for the men or even having Thalia and Diana pleasuring them at the
    same time. What Richard found that he enjoyed mostly was watching the two
    slaves indulging in oral sex with each other. This was something that he
    never tired of. He wondered if Allison ever had sexual fantasies of having
    sex with another woman. When the evening was over and Thalia and he were
    by their selves and were ready to retire for the evening, he would always
    find some reason to punish her.  
After a week of being master and slave, each of them knew what the
    other person liked. Richard knew Thalia looked forward to her punishment
    which consisted of him turning her over his lap and giving her a spanking
    on her bottom with his bare hand. Not only did Thalia enjoyed this, but Richard
    delighted in this also. By the time he was finished chastising Thalia, he
    would have a raving erection. He delighted in deigning Thalia the opportunity
    of relieving him of his erection. He found with having sex as often as he
    wanted it, he enjoyed going to bed and snuggling up to Thalia with his erection
    pressing against her. The next morning he would awake with Thalia's wet tongue
    licking his bottom or with her tenderly giving him head.  
CHAPTER 14****   
The day started early for Allison with Steven rousing her out of
      bed at six o'clock. He had a tee off time of seven o'clock with his two
      partners Mistress Nicole and Master Herman. Not all of the mistresses and
      masters golfed, but the ones that did were paired off in threes. The golfers
consisted usually of two men and one woman or two women and a man.   
This altered her routine by having to get up early. Alicia, Bryan
      and she agreed that if they needed to arise early that they would have
      breakfast first before their exercise class. Wishing her master good luck,
      Allison dressed and went to the restaurant.    
The restaurant was quiet this time of the morning as she poured
      herself a cup of coffee and took a seat facing the door so she could spot
      her roommates if they happened to arrive.   
She only took a sip of coffee before Alicia joined her. They chatted
      over a coffee and than grabbed a light breakfast and kept an eye opened
      in case Bryan showed. When Bryan did not show, the women leisurely walked
      over to the gym.   
They were early as they entered the gym. All the lights were down
      dim except the small back room that Master Tim used for an office. Keeping
      their voices low, they quietly crept over to Master Tim's office to spy
      on him through the gap in the curtain that hung from the window. Both were
      curious what Master Tim did in his office and that was why they were spying
      on him like two giddy girls.   
What they did not expect was to see their roommate on his knees
      as Master Tim reclined in his chair. He had his pants off and Bryan was
      fondling Master Tim's erect penis. Both women held their breath as Bryan
      lowered his head and started to insert Master Tim's penis in his mouth.
      Alicia and Allison knew what took place when two men were having sex, this
      was no shock to them. What surprised them was seeing Bryan being humbled
      in this manner. Without saying anything to each other, both knew this was
      the cost Bryan had to pay for Master Tim allowing him to take the early
      morning exercise glass. As they backed away from the window the two of
      them watched Master Tim place his hands on the top of Bryan's head and
      force him to take the entire penis into his mouth.   
The two of them left the gym as quietly as they entered without
      making a sound. Neither of them said anything to each other on what they
      had witnessed and they would not mention it to anyone else either.   
About ten minutes later a couple of the other slaves showed up
      and the four of them entered the gym together. The morning class went smoothly
      with Master Tim allowing   
the slaves to quite earlier than normal.    
In the last three days Alicia and Allison developed a friendly
      completion on who could run the two laps of the track the fastest. Today
      Allison beat out Alicia by just a few seconds. As she was competing the
      laps, she was thinking how nice it was not having the morning enema, considering
      that most of the mistresses and masters were golfing. To her dismay as
      she ran panting into the gym, she spotted Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol
      entering the slave's washroom with their instrument of humiliation, the
      dreaded enema.   
&quot;Slaves! Line up in the washroom for your morning enema.&quot; Master
      Tim ordered as the slaves came staggering in from running their two laps
      around the track.    
As Allison stood in line behind another slave, she noticed that
      all the slaves were undergoing the humiliation. When the second exercise
      class was showing up, Master Tim ordered them into the washroom also. Mistress
      Gabriel was helping Doctor Redfield and Nurse Carol and the line was moving
      along as three slaves at a time dropped to their knees to receive their
      enema's.    
&quot;Female slaves who are finished with their exercise class
      line up over there.&quot; Mister Gabriel ordered as she pointed to the
      far end of the washroom.   
&quot;Mistress Gabriel?&quot;    
&quot;What is it slave?&quot;    
&quot;Can we have a shower and get dressed first?&quot;    
&quot;Did I tell you that you could? All you slaves have work to
      perform this morning. There is no use in dirtying your dresses and you
      won't stink any more than you do now.&quot; Mistress Gabriel declared as
      she rammed the enema nozzle up a male rear with no lubricant on it.   
While the male slaves arranged tables around the stag area that
      they removed from the restaurants, the female slaves sweep the floors,
      placed table cloths on the tables and assortment of light duties. Tonight
      all three restaurants would be serving their food outside the restaurants
      in a style of a food court.    
Only once did Alicia and her feel the bite of Mistress Gabriel's
      leather belt across their rear ends. That was when they were washing the
      stag floor with a couple of the other slaves and Alicia and she were talking
      in a hush voice. They never heard Mistress Gabriel come up behind them
      until they felt the sting of her belt.    
By noon all the preparations for the nights activities were completed.
      The stag area was scrubbed clean and the tables from the different restaurants
      were arranged around it. Both Alicia and Allison never had to do manual
      labor as they just did. As Alicia commented. &quot;That is why you have
      maids.&quot; Both chuckled as they went and started getting ready for what
      was in store for them tonight.   
&nbsp;
Richard awoke as usual with Thalia licking his hard erection. It
      would be so easy to allow her to continue as he watched her tilt her head
      and smile at him as she continued to stimulate him. When he was at the
      point of giving in to her, he grabbed her and pinned her down on the bed.
      He raised his hand and delivered about six light swats on her behind.    
&quot;Why did you do that? Master.&quot; Thalia asked as she held
      the cheeks of her bottom after Richard released her.   
&quot;That is in case you do something you are not suppose to do
      today and I do not find out about it&quot; Richard replied as he went into
      the bathroom to shower and get prepared for his golf tournament.   
Richard was having a good time at the resort. Not only was he getting
      all the sex he could handle. He could feel that his muscles were toning
      up from playing a round of golf per day and that he had lost a few pounds
      of flab plus swimming in the olympic size pool and often Gordon and him
      would work out in the gym for awhile. The equipment in the gym was out
      dated but Gordon and a few of the other guests mentioned it to the management
      and in turn they said this problem would be looked after.   
He could not believe how Gordon and him had become friends. Usually
      Richard had been reserved about striking up a friendship anyone. Richard
      knew he had seen his face before, but he just could not figure out where.
      It came to him about three o'clock one morning when he was waking up from
      a dream. Sure enough when he asked Gordon the next day, he was the person
      Richard thought he was. Gordon was one of the top ten professional golfers
      on the tour for the last three years. Now Richard knew why Gordon was such
      a good golfer.    
For the tournament he was teamed him with two women, Abigail and
      Ingrid. As much as he looked forward to the golf tournament, he was anticipating
      the festivities afterwards. During the past week all the mistresses and
      masters had received a notice about the upcoming Slave Olympics and whether
      they wanted their slave to complete. After asking Gordon how he should
      mark the form for entering Thalia in the games. Gordon informed him that
      the main reason for the Slave Olympics was to reward the slaves and for
      them to have some fun. It did not matter on winning or losing, it was just
      a way for the slaves to enjoy themselves. We have the golf tournament and
      they have the Olympics. The Olympic games listed four female and two male
      categories. A slave could compete in one or all of them, whichever their
      mistress or master wished. Gordon cautioned Richard about not entering
      his slave into too many events. The Olympics is only a prelude to the sexual
      activities that takes place after the banquet. A mistress or master does
      not want to burn their slave out early so that they could enjoy the rest
      of the proceedings. After scanning the list, Richard stroked off two of
      the competitions that he thought Thalia would enjoy competing in. 
CHAPTER 15***   
After Mistress Gabriel had dismissed Alicia and Allison from their
      cleaning duties, they went back to their bungalow to take a well-needed
      bath. After cleaning up both had a light lunch and decided have a nap before
      applying their makeup and doing their hair in preparations for the evening.
      Tonight was going to be different compared to the previous evenings. The
      slave's masters and mistresses would be sitting among themselves in the
      food court while they dinned and then would watch the Slave Olympics on
      stage in the comfort of their chairs. The slaves would eat at the slave's
      restaurant and than report to the stag area where they would have chairs
      and tables set up for them so that they could enjoy the show when they
were not competing.    
&quot;Good evening ladies and gentleman. To night we bring you
      the Slave Olympics.&quot; Charles said as the spot light shone on him as
      he took center stage.    
For the next half hour, Charles joked with the audience and had
      them in the palm of his hand. Even the slaves were having a laugh at Charles
      comedy routine. The two weeks he spent at The Spa was more than a sexual
      vacation for him. This took him back to the days when he was a struggling
      stand up comic. Back then he could tell off-colored jokes and no studio
      bosses would be down his throat. That was the price he had to pay with
      being one of the most successful television host on American television.   
&quot;Let the games begin. The first contest of the night is called
      the Anal Probe.&quot; Charles said as he gave the signal for the curtain
      to be raised on the opposite side of the stag. As the curtain was raised
      and the lights turned up, four permanent female slaves stood in the nude.    
&quot;For anyone new at The Spa, the object of this competition
      is for these lovely slaves to make their four male counterparts have an
      orgasm while having their little bottoms . . . you get the main point of
      the game. Whoever of the male slaves lasts the longest wins.&quot; Charles
      explained. As he finished explaining, he clapped his hands twice and four
      nude male slaves entered from the back of the stag.   
It did not surprised Allison to see that Bryan was a contestant.
      Along with him was Jason, Mistress Ingrid's slave plus Alex the slave who
      was first auctioned off when they were assigned their mistress and masters
      the first night. This was the first time that she had seen him since then.
      The last slave was a slave by the name of Frank that she had only saw a
      couple of times.    
&quot;Female slaves. Come forward and kneel on your assigned mats
      on the floor.&quot; Charles motioned as the permanent slaves knelt in the
      doggy position on the floor.   
&quot;Male slaves. Kneel behind your proper bitch and prepare to
      enter her.&quot; Charles ordered the males.   
&quot;Master Tim has the honor of applying the paddle to any slave
      that he thinks that is not riding his bitch steady or hard enough.&quot; Charles
      turned his head to introduced Master Tim. Master Tim acknowledged the introduction
      by raising a mean looking paddle that he had in his hand and nodding his
      head.   
&quot;I never thought Bryan was that well hung.&quot; Alicia whispered
      to Allison as he stood behind his prospective slave. All four male's had
      erections and waited for the word to get started.   
&quot;Mistresses, masters, and slaves put your hands together and
      root on your favorite slave.&quot; Charles encouraged the audience.    
Alicia and she started to clap as they rooted for Bryan. Allison
      had a hard time believing that only a short week ago that she would have
      found a spectacle like this totally   
disgusting.   
&quot;Come on Bryan.&quot; She yelled as she watched Alicia put
      her fingers to her mouth and encouraged Bryan on with a whistle.   
Early in the competition Alicia said to Allison &quot;Watch Frank,
      he will not last long. This is likely the first time he came all week.
      His mistress is a total bitch.&quot; A very short time later Frank collapsed
      on top of his partner. The slaves were instructed beforehand, when the
      male orgasms the two of them are to lie on the stage until the competition
      is over.    
The next slave to expire was Alex. His body went rigid as he started
      to come and he was making a whimpering sound. Anyone that was watching
      him knew that he was coming. Master Tim was right there as Alex stopped
      pumping into his partner. Tim delivered two hard swats of the paddle across
      Alex's ass before he and his mate collapsed on the stage. Ever after they
      were down, Alex continued to pump the last of his passion into her as she
      clinched his penis deep inside her.   
&quot;You can do it Bryan. Hang in there. Ride her. Don't give
      up.&quot; Alicia and Allison were yelling to their roommate.   
Jason was getting his fair share of support also. His two roommates
      were yelling out their support for him. Everyone was in a joyous mood,
      even the mistresses and masters were getting in the mood with whistles
      and hand clapping.   
Finally after about ten minutes strenuous sex, Jason and his mate
      collapsed with him on top of her. Allison watched as his bottom continued
      to rise up and down while he spewed the last of his seed.   
&quot;Let us have a big hand for the winner, Bryan, Mistress Ingrid's
      slave.&quot; Charles announced as he grabbed Bryan's hand and raised it
      over his head. With the clapping and cheering going on, you would have
      thought Bryan had won a championship of a different kind.   
&quot;Slaves. You know the penalty for losing.&quot; Charles said
      to the three couples laying on the floor. The female slaves resumed their
      doggy style position on the floor and the losing male slaves couched behind
      them. Within seconds the male slaves had their tongues buried where their
      penises had been a short time before.    
&quot;Make sure you do not leave any trace of your disgusting selves
      behind.&quot; Master Tim ordered as he walk back and forth behind the slaves
      observing the males licking their discharge from the bottom's of the females.   
&quot;Should we allow our winner to lighten his load?&quot; Charles
      asked the audience as he walked over to the edge of the stage and motioned
      for everyone to acknowledge his request as he started to clap.   
Nodding his head toward the female slave, she reached up and wrapped
      her hands around Bryan's stiff erection and started to masturbate him.
      Within seconds he found the relief he craved as his pent up lust landed
      on a discarded mat that a slave had used.   
&quot;There will be a short intermission while we get the next
      competition arranged.&quot; Charles said as the lights dimmed and the stage
      crew started cleaning.   
Bryan joined Alicia and Allison at their table after other slaves
      had congratulated him with slaps on the back and hand shakes plus a bit
      of good nature ribbing that he took in good sport.    
&quot;I been trying to win that competition for the last two years.&quot; Bryan
      said after both women gave him a kiss on the cheek in a way of congratulations.   
&quot;Those women know how to milk a person.&quot; He continued
      to say as a waiter delivered a bottle of strange looking beer to the table.   
&quot;What is that and who sent it?&quot; Allison commented after
      she smelt it.   
&quot;Egyptian beer. It's quite good once you get used to it.&quot; Bryan
      explained.   
&quot;No thank you.&quot;   
&quot;My Mistress sent it to me. It is her way of rewarding me.&quot;   
Allison was having a good time with her two roommates and she even
      had a taste of Bryan's beer which she told him what he could do with it.
      All three were laughing and did not see Slave Rachael walk over to them
      and tap Allison on the shoulder.   
&quot;Come with me slave. You will be competing next.&quot;    
&quot;What will I be competing in Slave Rachael?&quot; Allison
      asked as she followed her around to the back of the stag.   
&quot;You find out shortly.&quot;   
Two other female slaves and a male slave joined Allison within
      a few minutes. Slave Rachael ordered all four to remove their clothes and
      take a seat. The four slaves were talking among themselves when Peter walked
      into the small room to explain to them the object of the next competition.   
&quot;The game was simple. On stage the masters will be behind
      a partition and will have their penises sticking out through a hole in
      the partition. Your task is to distinguish who your master is by sucking
      each penis while being blindfolded.&quot; Peter explained. When they asked
      no questions, the slaves were lead onto the stage with their blindfolds
      firmly in place.   
&quot;We call this competition Guess Who Your Master Is.&quot; Charles
      explained as the audience started to laugh. &quot;Each contestant will
      have fifteen seconds to suck, lick or whatever they want before moving
      onto the next master. After they are finished with all four of the masters
      the slave can have one retry at any of the penises they want.&quot;    
Allison was nervous as they guided her to the first master and
      told her to kneel. Kneeling on a cushion, her head was forced forward till
      her mouth encountered her first penis. Not knowing how hard it was going
      to be to distinguish the different sizes of the penises that she would
      encounter, she had to think of a game plan fast. She was confident that
      she could tell her Master's penis, but then again she was not sure. Taking
      the first penis in her mouth as far as she could, she ran her tongue around
      the head of it. Before she knew, they removed her from the penis she was
      sucking to the next in line. She kept to her game plan on all four of the
      masters. Taking the penis as far into her mouth as possible and then running
      her tongue around the head. While she was competing, the merriment was
      continuing in the same style as first game. She was sure that she heard
      Alicia's voice calling out in encouragement.   
&quot;Have you decided which one is your master?&quot; Charles
      asked as Allison stood next to him on the stag.    
&quot;No, I have not, Master. Can I sample master number two again,
      please?&quot; Allison asked. This was harder than she figured and she was
      going to take any assistance that she could.    
It did not matter that she was standing unashamedly in the nude
      in front of an audience of people.   
Slave Rachael positioned her in front of contestant number two.
      She thought her master was number two or three. Whichever one she chose,
      it was only going to be a guess.    
&quot;Which one will it be?&quot; Charles prompted her.   
&quot;Master number two.&quot; Allison replied. She had her fingers
      crossed, hoping she made the right choice.    
&quot;You have guessed right.&quot; Charles announced as he held
      her arm up in victory.   
Charles removed her blindfold and she walked off the stage to retrieve
      her dress and join her friends. While walking back to her table after getting
      dressed, her fellow slaves congratulated her as they had with Bryan. She
      knew she was blushing as she acknowledged her win as her two room mates
      also congratulated her on her win. She felt good about herself that she
      had won. While she watched the other three contestants go through the same
      procedure as she did, she noticed that she was incredibly horny. She did
      not know if she got more aroused by participating or watching, but it surprised
      her that none of the other three guessed their right master.    
&quot;Due to an overwhelming response from our men, we will have
      another contest with four new slaves.&quot; Charles said as the last slave
      exited the stag.   
Within minutes four new masters stood behind the partition and
      shoved their penis through the hole. The mistresses and masters were having
      a good time with cat calls and laughter coming from their friends as the
      four men waited for their slaves to guess the right master.   
The first slave to try to guess the right master was a male. While
      he was in the process of guessing his master. A waiter served Allison a
      drink of a brandy and she knew it was a reward from her master. Allison
      found it stimulating watching a male slave performing oral sex on a master.
      The male slave could not distinguish which one was his master and exited
      the stage as the second slave tried her luck. The second slave could not
      guess either and was replaced. The third slave on stage was Thalia and
      Allison was shocked to know that her husband was a contestant. She knew
      that Richard was aware what the chances was of him having his cock suck
      by another male. Maybe she was not the only person that The Spa was affecting.
      Out of these four slaves, the only one who was able to guess their master
      correctly was Thalia.    
The next competition was similar as with the masters but this time
      they laid the mistresses on their backs and covered from the waist up.
      Allison watched by herself because her two roommates were both in the event.
      As in the previous competition there was the same good natured fun while
      the three female and six male slaves tried to guess who their mistress
      was.   
No slave could guess their mistress but from the groans and the
      moaning emerging from the mistresses, they were enjoying themselves.    
Another short break in the festivities was called as preparations
      for the next competitions were set up. A couple of the mistresses who participated
      in the last event took the opportunity to relieve their sexual frustrations
      out on their slaves. Spreading their legs when they returned to their table,
      they commanded the slave to continue from where they left off.   
Alicia and Allison were both enjoying a glass of wine that Mistress
      Meka had sent to their table when Slave Rachael approached them.   
&quot;Both of you. Please come with me.&quot; Rachael ordered.   
Finishing off their drink, they followed her again to the back
      of the stage. This time about a dozen female slaves stood in the nude waiting
      for the next event.   
&quot;This event, we call the bicycle race. Please bring the slaves
      forward.&quot; Charles asked as they raised the curtain.    
Allison's heart was in her throat as she was shown the bicycle
      she was to ride. All the bicycles were stationary but what made these bicycles
      different was that protruding from a special-made seat there was a six-inch
      dildo.   
&quot;If you notice these bicycles have a special feature.&quot; Charles
      said with a laugh as he wrapped his hand around one of the dildos and pumped
      it a few times with laughter and a few comments coming from the audience. &quot;The
      main computer has evenly geared and controlled all the bicycles to stimulate
      an actual race. The object of the game is to see how many of these beautiful
      slaves can finish the race without having an orgasm.&quot;   
&quot;Helping us with the race and making sure that each slave
      sits completely down on the seat as she petals will be Nurse Carol, Doctor
      Redfield and myself. Master Tim will be monitoring the computer.&quot;    
Allison felt the dido enter her as Nurse Carol directed it into
      her moist vagina and knew that she would not be able to last long before
      having an orgasm.   
&quot;You will not last long.&quot; Carol whispered to Allison
      as her vagina clamped its self around the dido. Allison felt Nurse Carol
      run her hand over her bottom before moving onto the next slave to be helped
      unto her bicycle seat.   
&quot;On the count of three. Start pedaling.&quot; Charles ordered
      as he grabbed his paddle and walked amongst the four slaves that he was
      observing. Charles loved nothing better than to be able to smack a nice
      rounded bottom of a slave who did not fully impale herself on the dido
      as she pedaled. Nothing turned Charles on more than hearing a woman whimper
      as she was getting her bottom smacked. Even now he had an erection before
      the competition started. He was going to make sure that all four of his
      slaves would feel the sting of his paddle.   
Allison felt the sting of Charles paddle after only a couple of
      revolutions of the bicycle. Her legs felt like jelly before the race started
      and as she started to pedal, the dido popped out of her vagina. Before
      she had a change of fitting it back in, she felt the sting of the paddle
      land across the twin orbs of her behind. She tried her best to keep pedaling
      and not to concentrate on how aroused she was. As she continued to move
      up and down and to make sure that the dido was fully impaled in her, she
      knew she was fighting a losing battle as she felt her orgasm starting.
      Charles was right there as she stopped her pedaling and sat hard on her
      bicycle seat with the dildo deep inside of her and let her orgasm overtake
      her. Even his paddle could not get her to continue the race as she laid
      her head in her arms and leaned over the handlebars of the bicycle until
      her orgasm subsided.    
Allison returned to her table after Slave Rachael had helped her
      off the bicycle. She did not know if she was the first person not to continue
      the race. Once she was back at her table with Bryan, her composure had
      started to return to normal and that was when she noticed a couple of other
      bicycles were lacking their riders.   
She was thoroughly enjoying herself as Bryan and she encouraged
      Alicia on. The race lasted about twenty minutes and by that time only four
      riders remained. Charles congratulated the four slaves after they had been
      helped off their bicycles and who were now standing in line behind him.    
&nbsp;   
Richard and his two female golfing companions had an enjoyable
      round of golf. All three had a good score with Richard shooting one under
      par. This was the best he had shot all week and he was proud that he did
      that well. All three of them relaxed with drinks in the club house after
      the game as the other golfers started to come off the course. Everyone
      was in a festive mood as they came off the course and mingled with their
      fellow golfers. Richard spotted Gordon and asked him how he did. He had
      excused himself from Abigail and Ingrid with a promise of sitting with
      them for dinner that night. Gordon shot a club record of six under par
      and took a little kidding from his fellow golfers why he could not do that
      well when he was on tour.    
He had a couple more drinks and chatted with a few of the other
      golfers he got to know before excusing himself. He needed a shower and
      he also would not mind grabbing a nap before the festivities got under
      way. Gordon told Richard that tonight would be an enjoyable evening and
      the partying would go on till dawn.   
About seven o'clock Richard strolled over to the banquet hall and
      made his way over to the table where Ingrid and Abigail were sipping on
      some kind of tropical drink. After ordering a brandy on the rocks he had
      a few minutes of light conversation with the ladies before the lights were
      dimmed and Charles walked on stage. During the first game where the male
      slaves were having anal sex with the female, Richard felt Abigail's hand
      on his crotch feeling his erection. They were not the only people that
      the show was effecting. He watched a woman from the next table, who had
      been playing golf with her two males companions, slip under the table.
      By the looks on the guys faces, there was no need to guess what she was
      doing to them.   
He watched with amusement as four men got on stage and poked their
      cocks through the holes in the partition. What he was not prepared for
      was to see his wife as a contestant as she was lead blindfolded onto the
      stage. Richard did not stop Abigail's hand this time as she unzipped his
      fly and removed his penis from his pants. The sight of his wife performing
      oral sex so sexually aroused him that it was a relief to have his penis
      out of his pants. He could not believe his eyes when Allison went down
      on the last contestant. This was a black cock that made Richard just about
      orgasm as he watched her take him in her mouth. If Allison's family or
      ancestors could see what she was doing, they would hide their faces in
      shame. Imagine a white woman doing a disgusting thing like that to a black
      man. She should be tarred and feathered and driven out of town. As he eased
      Abigail's finger's from around his penis, he had an idea. Originally he
      never signed Thalia up for this event. He knew that the chances were good
      that there would be a male slave as a participant and he did not know if
      he could accept a male sucking on his cock. If his wife could suck on a
      cock as she just did and know that he was watching her, he could return
      courtesy of being a contestant. He had to find Peter to see if he was still
      able to enter in the contest. Excusing himself from his two female companions,
      he placed his erect penis back into his pants and did up the fly as he
      went looking for Peter.    
Richard felt awkward standing behind the partition with his penis
      protruding through a hole. It was not the fact the audience was looking
      at it. The fact was he felt a little squeamish with having a male sucking
      on his cock. He had a look at the four slaves who were competing and one
      was a male.   
After the competition was over, Richard was glad he did not have
      to be the one guessing. He could not tell if it was a female or male who
      was sucking him as they all did an excellent job.    
There were another two events and by the time that was over it
      was getting close to midnight. One of the last two events was kind of comical.
      The event had six female and six male slaves. They laid out the male slaves
      on their backs with their erections standing straight up. The object of
      the game was for the six female slaves to see how many of the three styrofoam
      hoops they could place over their rightful partner's penis. This game did
      not only have the audience in stitches but the contestants were having
      a hard time throwing the hoops from laughing so hard. Every time that a
      male slave would laugh, you could see his penis begin to flop and that
      would start another round of laughing. The last event was a game of marbles.
      This game was slightly different from the usual one. This time four females
      sat on stage with their legs spread. The purpose of the game was to see
      who could roll their marbles closest to their female partners genitals.
      By this time everyone was getting restless and was glad to see the Olympics
      over with.    
&quot;The management of The Spa wants to send out their congratulations
      to all the participants of our golf tournament and Olympics. Please enjoy
      the remainder of the night with whatever sexual depravities that you want
      to partake in.&quot; Charles said as the house lights went dim. There were
      going to be all kinds of sexual activities going on for the remainder of
      the evening and he was going to participate in as many as he could.  
CHAPTER 16***   
Groups of people were already starting to form for orgies at
        different quarters. The rule was: if a door was left open at a residence
        of a mistress or master, a person was welcome to partake in whatever
        sexual activity that was going on inside. If a door was closed, it meant
        one of three things: a private party was going, no one was present or
they had gone to bed.   
At the moment Richard had two hot and horny women that he was
        planning on having an orgy. Ingrid and Abigail both were looking for
        something different. After a week of being the dominant bitch, both were
        anticipating Richard controlling the sexual activities as he was now.
        Both women were on their knees and were paying homage to his exposed
        penis that Abigail had removed from his pants again after he returned
        to the table.   
&quot;Wow. Hold on ladies. Let's continue this after we get
        our slaves and go someplace more comfortable.&quot; Richard said as he
        stood and placed his erection back in his pants. Letting the woman finish
        what they started would have been so easy if he did not have better plans
        for them.   
&quot;We can continue this back at my place.&quot; Ingrid replied. &quot;I
        have some nice toys we can try out.&quot;    
The two women went one way to retrieve their slaves and Richard
        went the other. Making his way to Thalia's table, he met Gordon approaching
        him with his slave Diana, and a leash around another slave, Allison his
        wife.   
&quot;Hey Richard. How about joining us?&quot;    
&quot;No thank you. I'm going to be a little busy myself.&quot;    
&quot;It's a pity. I'm going to have to look after these slaves
        by myself.&quot; Gordon replied as he gave Allison's bottom a squeeze.    
&quot;I see you have that slave that you wanted. How did you
        get her?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;I was teamed with her master in the golf tournament. I
        asked if I could trade slaves for a night and he said if I wanted, I
        could have her tonight. He declined the offer of my slave saying he had
        other commitments. So I took him up on his offer.&quot;   
&quot;Have you seen Thalia? I have plans for her and me.&quot; Richard
        asked as he stole a look at his wife.   
&quot;We just left her a few minutes ago. She was still at her
        table. The table over there in the corner.&quot; Gordon pointed out.   
&quot;See you later.&quot; Richard replied. As he turned to
        leave, he gave Allison a wink and a nod. In return Allison smiled to
        say everything is fine.   
Thalia was relieved when saw Richard walking toward her. Tonight
        was a bad time to be left unprotected by your mistress or master. Not
        only were they in a jovial mood but the staff of the resort were in the
        same type of party mood. Tonight was the worst time for being a slave.
        With having no say about who could order you around, the slave was at
        anyone's mercy. Thalia had already seen a female slave ordered to her
        knees as three male waiters swarmed around her and removed their cocks
        for her to suck them off.    
By the time Richard and Thalia arrived at Ingrid's quarters
        the party had already started. Both women were stripped nude and were
        watching the show their two male slaves were putting on. They had their
        slaves engaged in oral sex with each other.   
&quot;Jason. If I have to remind you again about not taking
        all of Rolf's cock in your mouth, I 'll send you to the dungeons tonight.&quot; Ingrid
        scolded her slave.   
&quot;These slaves are useless. Why don't we tie them up and
        let them watch how a real man can pleasure us?&quot; Abigail said to
        Ingrid as she gave Richard a kiss on the lips.   
Richard watched while Jason and Rolf were secured by their wrists
        with their arms over their heads and fastened to an eye hook in the ceiling.
        He could not help but notice that both slaves had hard erections when
        Ingrid ran her hands along them as if she was going to jerk them off.   
&quot;You animals. You would just love it if I let you come.&quot; Ingrid
        said as she turned away from the helpless male slaves.   
&quot;Maybe your slave needs to be strung up? Does she not have
        any manners? Get your master a drink.&quot; Abigail ordered Thalia. &quot;God.
        Sometimes these slaves are useless.&quot;   
While Thalia was pouring Richard a brandy, she watched as the
        two women stripped her master of his clothes. As one of them started
        to slowly lick his penis, the other crammed her tongue between the cheeks
        of his ass and licked his little puckered anus.   
Thalia was a little jealous of the two mistresses for not allowing
        her to partake in the sexual fun of pleasing her master. Richard had
        downed his drink and motioned Thalia over to him after he noticed that
        she still had her clothes on and was standing by the bar. To him it looked
        as if she was ready to cry as he ordered her to strip.   
&quot;You ladies don't mind if my slave joins in the action?&quot; Richard
        asked.   
He never got an answer but he thought that Abigail said something
        before she went back to reaming his bottom. Taking that for a yes, he
        had Thalia stand on the arms of the easy chair and lower her vagina onto
        his face while she steadied herself by holding onto the back of the chair.
        He could feel himself ready to come as he patted Thalia on the bottom
        for her to get off his face. Positioning Abigail and Ingrid side by side
        on the floor, he stood over the two women with his erection in his hand.
        Ordering Thalia to her knees, he told her what he wanted done as she
        started to slowly masturbate him while the women squeezed their breasts
        and waited for his spunk to land on them. Richard watched as Thalia aimed
        his come at their chest until he was spent and Thalia took his limp penis
        in her mouth. Abigail turned her head to Ingrid as the two of them French
        kissed each other while they massaged his spent lust into their breasts.
        After Thalia had cleaned her master, he had her perform oral sex on Abigail
        and Ingrid until both reached an orgasm.   
The rest of the night was a haze of sex. Richard did not partake
        in all of the sexual activities. At times he would watch as the woman
        pleasured themselves with vibrators, strap-on-didos, fingers or tongues.
        Whenever he thought that he had enough sex, his devilish mind would think
        up another perverted position for the women to try.    
Throughout this the two male slaves were still secured as they
        watch the lewd sex acts that their mistresses were performing. Every
        so often if Abigail or Ingrid saw that either one of their slaves were
        losing interest watching the sex acts or their penises were not staying
        erect they would torment them. A few hard swats across their bottom with
        a leather belt were their favorite form of torment. They even went as
        far as to get Jason's and Rolf's hopes up by getting on their knees and
        sucking their penis until they were ready to come. At the last moment
        they would stop and leave them hanging.   
Richard stood at the railing of the patio in the nude and watched
        the sun began to peak. The weather called for another beautiful day as
        a light warm breeze drifted from the south. A bird chirped from a nearby
        tree and jolted him from his daydream.   
&quot;Master. Would you like another coffee?&quot; Thalia said
        as she stood next to him. It had been an extraordinary night for her.
        She loved to participate in orgies especially when she was the only slave.
        Turning to her mistresses who were lounging on recliners in the nude,
        she asked if they required another drink or if they were in need of her
        services. She enjoyed being a slave to the two women also, pleasing a
        female or a male made no difference to her.    
&quot;No, I do not need another coffee. It's time we go home.
        Come along Thalia.&quot; Richard said as he went over and kissed Abigail
        and Ingrid.   
&quot;Wait. I'll show you to the door. Besides we should see
        how our worthless slaves are doing.&quot; Ingrid said as she and Abigail
        followed Richard.   
&quot;Fuck! I knew those two slaves are worthless.&quot; Abigail
        said as she looked at the two male slaves who were sleeping.   
&quot;What will you do with them?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;First thing I'm going to do with Jason is to put his restraint
        back on. Maybe later today I might allow him to come. It will depend
        if he's a good boy.&quot; Ingrid replied.   
&quot;That does sound a fit punishment for Rolf also.&quot; Abigail
        agreed as she poured a glass of cold water and threw it at Rolf's penis. &quot;That
        will make it easier to get the restraint on.&quot;   
&quot;Master. Are you not going to get dressed?&quot; Thalia
        asked as Richard opened the door to leave.   
&quot;I don't feel like it. Come along.&quot; The way he felt,
        he could sleep for a week. He did not think anybody would get to upset
        on seeing a naked man and his slave.   
&nbsp;   
Allison wished that she could have stayed with Steven for the
        night. She knew that she had no say in the matter as she followed Gordon
        and his slave to his quarters. Since coming to The Spa, she had come
        to terms with her bisexuality and she was looking forward to a night
        with Gordon and Diana.    
&quot;Gordon! Are you going to keep those two slaves all to
        yourself?&quot;   
Gordon stopped and looked around to see who was talking to him.
        Turning around he spotted Paul the baseball player that Allison had meet
        earlier in the week with his slave Lotta. After a few minutes of conversation
        he invited Master Paul and Lotta to join in the fun at his place.   
Something about Paul made Allison think naughty thoughts. She
        did not know if it was the way he talked dirty to her or his size, but
        whatever it was she was looking forward to being a slave to him. With
        him was his slave Lotta, which Allison had meet before. She was one of
        the hottest black female singing stars in the last year. Looking at Lotta's
        petite body, she wondered how it would be making love to a black woman.
        By the time they got to Gordon's place, her panties were clinging to
        her body as if they were a second skin.   
&quot;The first thing these slaves need is a good thrashing.
        Damn they are slow.&quot; Gordon declared as they entered his quarters.
        Neither Lotta or her knew what they were slow about, but a mistress or
        master did not need a reason for punishing a slave.   
&quot;Paul. Why don't you start on giving them a spanking while
        I get us a couple of drinks?&quot; Gordon asked as he went over to the
        bar.   
All three slaves were now naked as they stood in line. The first
        slave Paul chose for a spanking was Diana. Allison held her breath as
        she watched Paul drape Diana over his lap and begin to spank her. For
        some reason, watching another person even getting spanked turned her
        on. After about a dozen strokes, he pushed Diana off his lap as if she
        was trash and motioned for Lotta to receive her spanking   
&quot;You.&quot; Gordon said as he pointed for Allison to lay
        over his lap.   
As she lay over his lap, that queasy feeling came over her as
        if she was either going to have an orgasm or wet herself.   
&quot;Stop squirming. You have just earned yourself another
        dozen strokes.&quot;    
She did her best not to fidget as Gordon's spanked her. Of all
        the spankings she received this week the kind she enjoyed the most was
        a spanking with the palm of the hand. So far the worst spanking she received
        was by a leather strap which she did not care for because of the way
        it stung. Although she did enjoy the smell of the leather as she was
        made to lick the belt after she was punished with it. A wooden paddle
        was not to severe and she enjoyed that. The best feeling that came over
        her was the feel of a hand striking her. After Gordon had delivered two
        dozen strokes, Allison sat on the carpet beside him and tried her best
        not to cry while she felt as if her bottom was on fire.   
Allison turned her head as she heard a cry come from Lotta.
        Paul had his slave kneeling on the floor with her bottom raised as he
        laid about six stokes across her pert bottom with a leather belt.   
&quot;Gordon. Do you mind if I use your slave?&quot; Paul asked.   
&quot;Do whatever you wish. Myself. I'm going to start with
        Allison.&quot; Gordon replied.   
&quot;That cunt loves sucking black cock. Don't you?&quot; Paul
        said as he ordered Allison to crawl over to him. Reaching down he grabbed
        Allison by the hair and pulled it so that she was looking up at him.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;    
&quot;Let me hear you say it.&quot; Paul ordered as he gave
        her hair a tug.   
&quot;I love . . . sucking your big black cock, Master.&quot; Allison
        stammered. This treatment of her was so humiliating and degrading but
        she loved it.   
&quot;What are you?&quot; Paul asked as he massaged his erection
        through his pants with his other hand.   
&quot;I'm a cock sucking slave, Master.&quot; Allison answered
        as Paul let go of her hair and allowed her to crawl back to Gordon.   
Within a few minutes both men were naked and had their penises
        in the mouth of their respective slaves.   
&quot;Play with yourself, you fucking black cunt.&quot; Paul
        ordered Lotta who was watching the proceedings.   
Allison wondered as she was performing oral sex on Master Gordon
        why that when Master Paul talked in filthy gutter language, she got turned
        on so much.    
&quot;Fucking bitch. I'm going to come.&quot; Gordon moaned
        as Allison increased her efforts in pleasing him.   
&quot;Don't allow her to swallow. I'm blowing a good load.&quot; Paul
        called to Gordon. &quot;Cunt, don't swallow.&quot; Paul cautioned Diana
        also.   
&quot;Lotta. Come here and kiss Allison and Diana.&quot; Paul
        ordered his slave.   
&quot;Let's see tongue action from you three. If we don't, it
        will be a long time before you can sit comfortably.&quot; Gordon caution.    
Allison was the first to come forward. She looked in Lotta's
        eyes as if to say 'I don't want to do this.' The look she received back
        from her was a look of a woman in heat. Tilting her head sideways, Lotta
        and she embraced in a passionate kiss. Opening her mouth, she transferred
        Gordon's spent love juice into her mouth.   
&quot;Swallow all of it.&quot; Paul ordered.   
This was only the beginning of a perverted night of sex acts
        that the men thought up for the slaves. One sex act followed another.
        Sometime during the night she watched as Lotta took her master's huge
        penis in her anus. She wondered how a small person like her could take
        a penis that big, however she did not hear any complaints from her. With
        that sex scene unfolding before her, Master Gordon ordered her to masturbate.
        After Master Paul relieved his passion in Lotta's tight anus, he had
        Diana lay on her back and had Lotta squat over her as she expelled his
        spent lust into her mouth and than had Allison kiss and suck Pauls come
        out of her mouth. The men particularly enjoyed watching the three slaves
        perform oral sex on each other. As the men recuperated from the last
        round of sex, they had the three slaves lay on the floor and form a circle.
        If someone would have told Allison that she would be degraded in this
        style a week ago, she would have said that you were crazy. While she
        licked the vagina in front of her, she wiggled her tongue as far in as
        it would go. Allison felt Lotta's vagina contract and knew that she was
        having an orgasm. While this was happening to Lotta the same treatment
        was being done to her by Diana.    
&quot;Fucking whore loves eating black pussy also.&quot; Paul
        laughed as his slave orgasmed from Allison talented tongue.    
Within seconds all of the slaves were moaning as they reached
        their orgasm.    
&quot;Do you want to fuck any of these sluts?&quot; Paul asked.   
&quot;No. Except, I could use some fresh air.&quot; Gordon replied
        as he stepped over the prone body of Diana.   
&quot;I think I'll join you. It's beginning to smell like a
        whorehouse in here.&quot;    
The three women laid still as their composure returned to normal.
        Allison was thinking that this could have been the best sex she had all
        night as she watched Lotta disengage herself from the little triangle
        and go into the washroom. Allison and Diana also took a turn in the washroom
        and did their best to freshen up.   
&quot;I got a favor to ask you guys?&quot; Diana asked them
        as they were relaxing while their masters sat out on the patio and talked
        sports.   
&quot;Sure. What is it?&quot; Lotta replied while nodding her
        head along with Allison.   
&quot;I got permission to set up a seminar, after our stay,
        to show the young women of the village the proper use of cosmetics. What
        I like to know is, can I have your used cosmetics? Most of the time they
        are just throw away.&quot;   
&quot;Of course. And if you want we'll mention it to the other
        slaves.&quot; Lotta replied. No one had to tell her how hard it for a
        poor girl to make herself look beautiful. Not too long ago, she had a
        hard enough time just feeding herself. She remembered rummaging through
        garbage to find some ones used lipstick.    
&quot;You can count me in also.&quot; Allison offered.   
&quot;If you want us to. We can mention it to the mistress.&quot; Paul
        asked. Both the men had been standing in the doorway and had overheard
        the conversation.   
&quot;Thank you Master. I will appreciate it.&quot; Diana replied
        as the three of the slaves went to stand in the presence of their masters.   
&quot;Sit back down. It has been a long evening.&quot; Gordon
        said. &quot;I got another problem. Do any of you know how make coffee?&quot;    
&quot;There is no room service until later this morning. Everyone's
        recuperating from last night. I could use a cup of coffee. I don't know
        about you three.&quot; Paul added.   
&quot;I think I can make coffee, Master.&quot; Allison replied
        as she went over to the bar and started preparing a pot of coffee. While
        she waited for the water to run through the coffee-maker, she observed
        Paul and Lotta and Gordon and Diana. Regardless that the men treated
        the three women as nothing more than slaves that night, all five knew
        that it was only a game. She smiled as she watched Paul give Lotta a
        kiss on her right boob to make it feel better after she had received
        a scratch on it during the evening. Diana and Gordon were grinning over
        something that was said.   
&quot;Coffee is ready. The only problem is there is no sugar
        or cream.&quot; Allison remarked.   
All five sat out on the patio with a coffee in their hands and
        watch the sunrise. The men added a shot of brandy to their coffee and
        asked if the women wanted any. All of them refused except Allison.   
&quot;Strange. The only other person that I know that drinks
        brandy is a fellow I met this week. His name is Richard. Do you know
        him, Allison?&quot; Gordon asked.   
&quot;I have only seen him with you Master.&quot; Allison replied.
        She thought it best if Richard had not said anything about them being
        married, she wound not either.   
She watched as Lotta finished her drink and leaned over and
        took Master Paul's limp penis in her mouth.   
&quot;Does my little black bird want another fucking?&quot; Paul
        asked.    
&quot;I think there is a conspiracy among the slaves to screw
        their masters to death.&quot; Gordon said with a smile as he watched
        Lotta sucking on Paul's penis.   
&quot;I think I'll go back to my place. If this bitch does not
        get a good feeding of cock, she pouts.&quot; Paul replied as he removed
        Lotta's lips from around his penis and gave her a couple of swats across
        her bottom.   
&quot;Master, can I go to my quarters if you do not need me?&quot; Allison
        asked. She was tired and in need of a bath. This seemed as good as time
        to ask if she could leave.   
&quot;Yes. First let me call a guard. It's still not safe for
        a slave to be wandering around.&quot; Gordon replied as he went to the
        phone to call security.   
&quot;I'll see her safely home. Nobody will mess around with
        me.&quot; Paul offered.    
Instead of him guiding her to her own quarters, he took her
        to her masters. After thanking him for following her home, she quietly
        opened her master's door and entered. She could tell by the looks of
        the room that Steven had guests also. Stripping off her dress, she peaked
        into Steven's room to make sure that he was even at home before going
        to take a shower and brush her teeth. Her master was in bed and wrapped
        around him was Carmella, that slave of Master Herman's. Being as quiet
        as possible so not to wake her master, she shook Carmella to wake her
        up. If she was going to sleep with Steven, Allison did not want Carmella
        in bed with her. There was something about Carmella that rubbed her the
        wrong way. After gently shaking her by the shoulders, she opened her
        eyes and looked up at Allison.   
&quot;Fuck off whore. Find a master of your own.&quot; Carmella
        said in her heavy Spanish accent as she went back to snuggling up to
        Steven.   
Allison controlled herself. She just about slapped the little
        tramp across the face, but instead reached over and grabbed her by the
        ear and pulled her out of bed.   
Both women knew to keep their voices down so not to awaken Steven.
        Allison could tell by the foul breath from Carmella that she had more
        than her share of alcohol from the night before. Allison still had a
        firm hold on Carmella's ear as she opened the door with her other hand
        and shoved Carmella out.   
Allison continued with her original plan with brushing her teeth
        and then ran a hot bath as she lay back and let the water relax her.   
&quot;Can I join you?&quot; Steven asked as he walked into the
        bathroom with two drinks in his hand.   
&quot;Oh. I'm sorry master.&quot; Allison said in a startled
        voice. She never heard him enter the room as she awkwardly tried to stand
        in the presence of him.   
&quot;Sit back down.&quot; Steven motioned as he handed the
        drinks to Allison and stepped into the warm water. He liked Allison compared
        to other slaves he had at The Spa. She had spunk and he liked that in
        a slave. He was awake through the conversation that transpired between
        Camilla and Allison but decided to keep quiet and see who would come
        out the victor. Relaxing with a drink, Steven asked her how her evening
        went. He wanted the whole story with the details, not just a short version.
        Allison noticed that when they stepped out of the bath, Steven had an
        erection. She smiled to herself knowing that her story had aroused him.    
&quot;Would you like me to relieve you of that Master?&quot; Allison
        asked as she dried Steven off and stroked his erection. A strange feeling
        had been happening to her in the last couple of days. Although she was
        not sexually aroused, she would gladly submit to any form of sex her
        master requested. As long as it would give him pleasure.   
&quot;Later.&quot; Steven said with a chuckle and shook his
        head as he lead them into the bedroom.   
The two of them lay on their sides with Allison's arm curled
        around Steven's muscular chest. She was happy as she heard Steven's light
        snores. Just before dozing off to sleep, she lowered her arm and cupped
        Steven's erection in her hand before going to sleep.   


CHAPTER 17****   
The next day was a quiet day as the whole spa slowly came to
        life. They canceled the morning enemas unless the mistress or master
        requested it. Both morning exercise classes were scratched for the day
        also. Only one restaurant was open and that was not until eleven o'clock.   
Steven and Allison both awoke about the same time. Her hand
        was still wrapped around her masters penis as she relinquished her hold
        on it to rub the sleep out of her eyes. Steven laid his back and watched
        as Allison stretched and yawned a couple of times.   
&quot;Suck me off.&quot; Steven ordered. He wanted to see how
        obedient she was early in the morning. Other mornings he would allow
        her to become fully awake before he gave an order.   
Allison was taken back for a few seconds. He had never given
        her a direct order like that first thing in the morning, she composed
        herself gracefully and took his erect penis into her mouth. She was a
        slave and her duty was to please her master she thought as she concentrated
        on making him orgasm.   
After they had showered and started to feel human again, food
        was foremost on their minds. Steven told her not to bother dressing as
        her clothes were dirty and they would go over to her room for a clean
        dress and underwear. She did not remind Steven that since earlier in
        the week, she made sure that there were a clean dress and panties at
        his place. After he had dressed in cleaned clothes, he clamped her leash
        to her collar. This shocked her a little as she followed Steven. She
        had nothing to be ashamed of as she held her head up and followed her
        master through the complex to her quarters.   
Neither of her roommates was there as the two of them entered
        her quarters. She looked on her pillow when they entered her room and
        noticed a little blue velvet box laying there. She looked at Steven for
        what to do.   
&quot;Open it.&quot;    
Upon opening the box, she saw that it contained a big safety
        pin, the kind used for a baby's diaper. Beside the big safety pin were
        two smaller ones.   
She looked at Steven, totally confused about what the meaning
        was of the safety pins and the box.   
&quot;Get dressed and I'll explain what it means over brunch.&quot;    
Steven explained that all slaves who participated in the Slave
        Olympics received a big safety pin. When he took it out of the box, she
        saw that it was twenty-four carat gold. On the thicker part of the safety
        pin where the catch is, Steven pointed out an initial with the year behind
        it. As you know The Spa is open four times a year, but the Olympics are
        only ran once a session and nobody knows when that will be. Here the
        initial W stands for winter and the date behind it. Now the smaller safety
        pins represent whatever competition you were in as he took the two smaller
        gold safety pins out of the box, one had a small opal in it and the other
        a ruby. Both had the same W as the bigger safety pin plus the date.    
&quot;If I'm not mistaken. There were four or five female slaves
        competitions. Each event will have a different stone. There are no winners
        or losers. Each slave receives a little safety pin for each competition
        that he or she participates in.&quot; Steven explained while he opened
        the big safety pin and hooked the two smaller safety pins to it.    
Allison did not know what to say. This came as a total shock
        to her and she was speechless.   
&quot;Here. Let me pin this on your dress for you.&quot; Steven
        said. She just nodded her head, she was afraid to say anything in case
        she cried. This was the first time that she had won anything in a form
        of a competition. &quot;It might be a good idea to let Master Peter keep
        these for you after today.&quot; Steven said as he pinned the safety
        pin onto her dress. &quot;It is sad to say that some slaves have had
        their small safety pins stolen.&quot;   
&quot;Why Master?&quot;   
&quot;Considering that no slave is in all of the events. Some
        people will stoop low enough to steal the missing pins they need for
        a set.&quot;   
&quot;Can I ask another question Master? Why a safety pin?&quot; Allison
        asked after Steven nodded his head yes.   
&quot;I Think . . . Tell you the truth I don't know. But to
        me it means, you are save in this little world of Pleasure Incorpoated.&quot; Steven
        said with a grin. &quot;If you're finished. You will be spending the
        day with me relaxing around the pool.&quot;    
Allison was glad to spend the day with her master relaxing and
        serving his needs. Steven was a strange person. This morning he was so
        demanding and then during brunch he treated her just about like an equal.
        She did not really care as she followed him out of the restaurant.   
&nbsp;   
Richard awoke about nine o'clock feeling a little stiff and
        soar from the night before except for a slight headache from having too
        much to drink, he felt pretty good. Maybe he would go down to the gym
        later for a workout. He did not get around this week to seeing what the
        gym was like and he was kind of curious. What with Gordon and him playing
        golf each morning, his days were kept busy plus the woman laying in his
        bed kept him occupied at night. He smiled and looked at Thalia, as usual
        she was laying on her stomach with her head turned and was sucking on
        her thumb. He figured he would let her sleep since she put in a tough
        night. For her not to wake him up as she had for the last few days, she
        must be tired.   
While the coffee was brewing, he showered and shaved. After
        drying himself, he grabbed a cup of coffee and went and sat out on the
        patio. Gordon informed him that today the resort would be slow in coming
        to life. As there were no morning enemas or exercise classes either.
        The one restaurant that would be serving brunch would not be in operation
        until eleven. Both Gordon and he decided that they would cancel their
        morning golf game and meet with each other and their slaves at eleven-thirty
        for something to eat. Closing his eyes and putting his hands behind his
        head as he relaxed in the recliner, he got thinking about Allison and
        how she made out with Gordon and his slave. The erotic thoughts he was
        thinking and then picturing made him begin to have an erection. Maybe
        he would go and get Thalia to relieve his erection for him or maybe he
        would just continue jerking himself off. After a few tantalizing moments
        he did neither as he stood to get another coffee.   
Thalia opened her eyes to find Richard not in bed. She hoped
        that he was not angry with her for sleeping while he was up. Jumping
        out of bed, she saw Richard out on the patio. She did not mean to spy
        on him but as she watched she could see that he had his penis in his
        hand and was stoking it. As she continued to watch, she could not help
        but squeezed her small breasts and run a hand down between her legs.
        Watching Richard playing with his erect penis was turning her on. When
        Thalia saw that Richard was beginning to stand she ran back into the
        bedroom.    
&quot;I'm sorry for sleeping in Master.&quot; Thalia said as
        she emerged from the bedroom.   
&quot;You look like you needed the sleep. Don't worry about
        it.&quot; Richard replied.   
Thalia showered and got a cup of coffee and joined her master
        out on the patio. After having a leisurely coffee with Thalia he informed
        her that they were meeting Gordon and Diana for brunch.    
&quot;First. We better go to your place and get you dressed.&quot; Richard
        said.   
&quot;My I ask a favor Master?&quot; Thalia asked.   
&quot;What is it? We don't have much time.&quot;   
&quot;Can you lead me by my leash?&quot; Thalia asked. Ever
        since she saw her master playing with himself, she'd been exceptionally
        horny.   
&quot;I just might make you go to brunch in the nude.&quot; Richard
        remarked while he was clipping her leash on. Richard did not make her
        go to the restaurant naked. Although she was hoping he would.    
Gordon and Diana were waiting at the table when Richard and
        Thalia arrived. The two slaves were wearing their trophies from the previous
        night's Olympics. Both were competitors so both wore the big gold safety
        pin. The only difference was that Thalia had three of the smaller pins
        and Diana only had two.    
Richard was anxious to find out how his wife fared the night
        before. He knew how demanding Gordon was when it came to sex. Over a
        glass of orange juice he broached on how his night went.    
Gordon told Richard everything that transpired the night before.
        Richard especially enjoyed listening about his wife being a slave to
        a black man and performing oral sex to the other two female slaves. By
        the time Gordon finished his story, Richard had a raving erection that
        he tried to conceal. After Gordon was finished he related his evening
        with Ingrid and Abigail. He could not get over the mental picture of
        Allison and the sex acts that Gordon said they made the slaves perform.
        Richard declined an offer to join Gordon and Diana around the pool saying
        that he was still tired and was going to take a nap. He only had one
        thing on his mind as Thalia and he left the restaurant and that was for
        his slave to take care of his throbbing erection.*  Pleasure Incorporated, Chapter 18   
CHAPTER 18****   
&nbsp;   
By the next day everything was back to normal. Allison had come to
    terms with herself about the morning enemas. She submitted to the humiliation
    with as much grace as possible. She hated to admit to herself that the enemas
    were not as belittling as they were at the beginning, especially when Nurse
    Carol administered them. Nurse Carol and she only had sex once but since
    then she was gentler with her when she gave her an enema and when she went
    to expel the waste Nurse Carol left the room. Allison enjoyed the morning
    exercise class. She got to know a few of her fellow slaves and it was fun
    to find out the gossip from the day before. Still her closest companion was
    Alicia and they would giggle and laugh like two school girls and tell each
    other what kind of sex they had the night before over breakfast. If Bryan
    was with them, their conversation would be less graphic about their activities
    the night before. One morning in particular Allison was more interested about
    Alicia's sex escapades than usual. She mentioned that Mistress Meka had traded
    her to that new master, Master Richard.   
&quot;I know you got traded.&quot; Allison replied.   
&quot;How do you know?&quot;   
&quot;Master Steven traded me to your mistress.&quot;   
&quot;Tell me what happened? What belt did she use to spank you with?
    Did my mistress use brownie or blackie on you or even Mister Cane?&quot; Alicia
    asked. Mistress Meka's favorite form of punishment was the use of her two
    leather belts. She had them named. Brownie was a brown leather belt she liked
    using the most. It stung but not as badly as Blackie. This was a thicker
    black belt and she would use this only if she was in a kinky mood. Mister
    Cane was a bamboo cane and mostly used on disobedient male slaves.   
&quot;Brownie.&quot; She replied. Allison wanted to find out what
    took place between Alicia and her husband but she did not want to sound to
    anxious. Allison continued telling about her evening with Mistress Meka.   
&quot;Did she allow to have an orgasm?&quot; Alicia asked.   
&quot;Yes. One. And that was only after I begged her. You would think
    that it was costing her money.&quot; Allison chuckled.   
&quot;You were lucky. I had her deny me an orgasm all night.&quot;   
&quot;Enough about me. Tell me about this Master Richard?&quot; Allison
    asked.   
She told Allison about the spanking she received from him plus the
    sex acts he made her perform.   
&quot;You mean he did it between your breasts.&quot; Allison said
    as a light groan escaped from somewhere did inside her. She could imagine
    her husband doing that especially with Alicia's big breasts.   
&quot;He has a nice fat cock and when he came. Wow.&quot; Alicia said
    as she watched Allison's hand creep under the table.   
Allison could not help it. She was still horny from last night and
    with the story that Alicia just told her about Richard made her feel naughty.
    She took a quick look around the restaurant to make sure no one was watching
    before she slipped her hand into her panties and fingered her throbbing clit.   
&quot;You're bringing yourself off. If you want, I could help you
    back at our place?&quot; Alicia asked as she watched Allison close her eyes.   
&quot;No. No. I'm okay. O God. O God.&quot; Allison replied as her
    orgasm hit her as she bit down on her lower lip to stop from crying out.   
The second week also saw a change in her master. Each day they did
    something as a couple instead of just having sex. The one day her master
    summoned her just as Alicia, Bryan and she had finished breakfast. She was
    looking forward with helping Bryan on his research. The last couple of days
    Alicia and she were not too much help to him. When she arrived at his quarters,
    he asked her if she ever rode a horse. She was afraid to answer him in case
    he had some kind of kinky sex in mind. After hesitating a few seconds she
    said yes but it had been a few years since she had ridden one.   
&quot;Don't worry. Riding a horse is like riding a bicycle. You never
    forget. Beside the nags they have here are pretty tame.&quot; Richard remarked. &quot;Oh.
    I forgot to tell you. We're going on a picnic with Mistress Ingrid and Slave
    Jason.&quot;   
When they arrived at the stables, Mistress Ingrid was just mounting
    her horse with the help of Jason. Jason must have worked with horses at some
    time in his life as he looked at ease around them. Next he gave Master Steven
    a boost and lastly Allison. All four horses had a bundle attached to them
    which Allison found out contained parts of their picnic lunch.   
Allison could not remember a more fun time than she did that afternoon.
    Thank God the picnic spot was only about an hour ride away because by that
    time her bottom was beginning to get soar. As they dismounted, she could
    hear the sound of gurgling of water. As Jason took care of the horses, she
    followed Mistress Ingrid and her master along a wooded path which after a
    couple of minutes walking they emerged into a clearing. She never thought
    that she had seen anything as beautiful as she gazed upon a crystal blue
    pond being feed by a small mountain stream. The rest of day was spent with
    all four of them swimming in the nude and relaxing.   
After the initial shock of the cold mountain stream the water was
    refreshing as all of them were laughing and splashing each other. She and
    Jason were hesitant about becoming too rambunctious with their mistress and
    master but after they were splashed and dunked a couple of times, they threw
    caution to the wind.   
The afternoon would not have been complete without sex as Mistress
    Ingrid and Master Steven made mad passionate love to each other while their
    slaves watch. After Master Steven rolled off Mistress Ingrid the slaves knew
    their duty was. What surprised Allison was that Mistress Ingrid opened her
    legs and ordered her to clean her master discharge from her. Just before
    she went down on Mistress Allison, she saw Jason on his knees licking and
    sucking her masters still erected penis. Afterwards the slaves were allowed
    to have sex but only by Ingrid or Steven telling them what position for them
    to be in and what sex act they wanted them to perform on each other. Both
    she and Jason knew that they would receive a hard spanking if they were to
    have an orgasm without permission. Finally after what seemed like an eternity
    they told them that they could come. Allison orgasm was intense as Jason
    took no mercy on her as he hammered his penis into the tight confines of
    her bottom. She could feel his sperm slowly seeping out of her as she lay
    spent in the warm afternoon sun.   
&quot;I knew that slave would finally learn some manners.&quot; Ingrid
    said to Steven as they watched Jason spread the cheeks of Allison's bottom
    and lower his face.   
Allison really did not care which slave Mistress Ingrid was talking
    about or what manners until she felt Jason's warm tongue as he started he
    lick her anus.   
Knowing what her obligation was as a slave, she rolled over on her
    belly and looked at Jason penis as it bobbed up and down in front of her
    face. Closing her eyes she took as much of his come-covered penis in her
    mouth as she could until it tickled the back of her throat.   
After she cleaned Jason with her tongue, she watched as Steven stood
    up and walked toward her. What happened next was a surprise to her as he
    picked her up and walked into the water up to his knees and threw her in.
    Being daring after she came up coughing, she grabbed Steven's outstretched
    hand and pulled him into the water with her. Within a few minutes Ingrid
    and Jason joined them in the water. All four of them were laughing as a water
    fight started between the slaves and their mistress and master.   
Late in the afternoon they started back to The Spa. All four of them
    were tired but contented as they plotted along with each lost in their own
    thoughts. That night as her and Master Steven were watching a movie at his
    place, both of them fell asleep on the couch before the movie ended. Each
    day they did something different. One day it was a hike up into the mountains
    with another two couples where they had a picnic lunch. Again they did not
    return until late in the afternoon.   
A person could get used to this lifestyle Allison was thinking. It
    had been almost two weeks and she could not help notice the change that had
    came over her. While she was here, she was no longer Ms. Page or even Allison,
    most of the time she was only called slave.   
She even had gotten accustomed to doing her personnel business when
    one of her roommates was in the washroom, although she shied away from relieving
    herself when someone was sitting on their toilet. She would wait until they
    were finished before using hers. She chuckled to herself about what happened
    the other day. She was sitting on her bed in the nude and was shaving the
    stubble from around her pubic area when Bryan stuck his head into her room
    to ask her a question. Lifting her head without a second thought, she answered
    his question and then continued with what she was doing. As far as humiliation
    went, she kind of enjoyed it. Such as yesterday, Master Steven lead her naked
    through the complex by her leash to the little sex shop. Upon entering the
    shop the clerk asked Steven if he could be of assistance. Allison was standing
    in the proper style befitting a slave with her head bowed and her hands folded
    in front of her. Steven replied that he was looking for a butt plug for his
    slave. She blushed and felt that feeling of arousal when the clerk told her
    to bend over so that he could try a couple of different sizes. Whatever reason
    Master Steven had on making her wear the device she did not know. The only
    thing she knew was that it made her feel kinky as she wore it for the rest
    of the day.   
The only low point of the vacation was she wished that she could have
    spent more time with Bryan and his research. She was not the only one kept
    busy, Alicia and Bryan's mistresses had kept them occupied the last week
    also. Only once did the three of them work for a couple of hours one afternoon.
    Bryan was appreciative of Alicia and her help. While Alicia and Allison were
    working together, Alicia found a small article from ages ago that mentioned
    about a pharaoh that the high priests of the Temple of Ra had assassinated.
    Bryan could only speculate that the king he was looking for had upset the
    priests for some reason. This was the first solid lead that Bryan had in
    quiet awhile. After his vacation here, he was flying to Cairo to see if the
    library there had any more information.   
This was her last day here, by tomorrow night she would be back in
    the hustle and bustle of the real world. The one thing she was looking forward
    to was being back with her husband. Although the last two weeks had been
    an adventure that she would not soon forget.   
&quot;Ready for breakfast? I could eat a horse.&quot; Alicia said
    as she walked out of her room from having her morning shower.   
She and Alicia had breakfast by themselves while Bryan was at the
    library getting his notes in order. Both women had already said a tearful
    goodbye to him and wished him all the best.   
&quot;I know that giving out names and addresses are not customary,
    but maybe you can drop me a line once in awhile.&quot; Alicia said as she
    slid a piece of paper with her e-mail address on it across the table to Allison.   
Allison felt a closeness to Alicia that she had not felt for a long
    time for another person.   
&quot;Here's my address.&quot; Allison said as she tore off the bottom
    half of Alicia's paper and wrote out her e-mail address.   
As she handed the paper to Alicia, she grabbed Allison's hand and
    squeezed it. As both women looked into each others eyes, they knew that they
    found a friend in each other.   
&quot;Come on. Let's get out of here.&quot; Allison said as she choked
    back a sob.   
The rest of the day both women relaxed around the pool and enjoyed
    each others company.   
Allison wondered what tonight would be like as she started to get
    ready. As Alicia explained that the last night of the vacation the mistresses
    and masters exchange roles with their slaves. If a slave thought that they
    could reap revenge on their master, they'd best think again. The mistress
    or master can call off the role reversal at will. Usually the slave would
    be happy with being on an equal status for the night. Also the mistress and
    master to show their appreciation would have gone into town and buy the slave
    new clothes for the evening.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
To say this was one of the better vacations that he had been on would
    be putting it mildly he was thinking to himself. Richard was laying on his
    belly while Thalia was waking him in her special way. Her head was between
    his buttocks and she was paying homage to his rear passage. After a few minutes
    he could not control himself any longer as he rolled away from his slave.   
&quot;On your knees. Slave.&quot; Richard demanded. After a week with
    Thalia being his slave, he knew what she enjoyed in the way of humiliation.   
She also knew what aroused her master as she bent her head and licked
    his testicles and softly sucked on them before Richard grabbed her harder
    by her hair and directed his hard erection into her mouth for her to bring
    him to orgasm. Thalia was a pro as she sucked and licked Richards throbbing
    erection. Finally he felt himself coming. Richard held her slaves head as
    he emptied his passion into her mouth.   
&quot;After your exercise class, come to the restaurant.&quot; Richard
    said. Today Gordon and he were skipping playing golf and going fishing along
    with their slaves.   
&quot;Can I ask why, Master?&quot;   
&quot;No. If I wanted to tell you I would have. Get.&quot; Richard
    said in a joking voice as he went to smack Thalia on her bottom.   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; She said with a smile as she dodged his slap
    and closed the door behind her.   
Richard had not been fishing in years. Gordon had arranged a jeep
    to take them up into the mountains to a lake he knew of. Plus he had a picnic
    lunch packed for them and four fishing poles.   
All four of them enjoyed themselves as they relaxed along the bank
    of the lake and soaked up the sun as it filtered down through the foliage
    of the trees. Richard did not expect to catch anything as Thalia and he let
    their fishing lines dangle in the slow running water. It surprised him that
    among the four of them they had caught six fish. Instead of eating the picnic
    lunch they brought, they thought they would cook the fish for lunch. One
    thing he never cared for was cleaning fish and was hoping that Gordon might
    volunteer when Diana grabbed the knife and started to clean them.   
&quot;You do not grow up with three brothers and a father who were
    fishermen without learning how to gut a fish.&quot; Diana said while she
    was cleaning them.   
&quot;Richard. Do you mind if you do the cooking? You Yanks are better
    at barbecuing than I am.&quot; Gordon asked.   
They devoured the fish along with the coleslaw from their picnic lunch
    as if they had not eaten in a week. No picnic would be complete without beer
    which Gordon had packed. After eating and drinking two beers apiece, Richard
    found a soft grassy area which was shaded where Thalia and he curled up together
    for an afternoon nap. As he was falling off to sleep, he looked around for
    Diana and Gordon. He noticed them a little further in the wooded area engaged
    in performing oral sex on each other. The thought did cross his mind to have
    sex with Thalia but he was tired and too lazy at the time.   
After resting all four, who were already naked, went for a swim in
    the lake before returning to The Spa. Each day was spent doing some kind
    of activity with Thalia. One day Gordon and he allowed the slaves to accompany
    them on a round of golf and in the afternoon all four lazed around the pool.
    Of course there was always some form of sex that Thalia and he engaged in
    from just the two of them to having Diana and Gordon included in the sex
    games. He even traded Thalia one night which she was not to happy about.
    He had noticed the slave with the big breasts that was beside his wife the
    first day but did not know her name. Asking Peter at the office, he found
    that her name was Alicia and her Mistress was Meka. He had meet Meka a couple
    of times in the past week so she was not a total stranger that he asked about
    swapping slaves for the evening. Meka sadly refused Richard's offer of his
    slave stating that she made prior plans but she could let him have Alicia
    for the night. It had been awhile since he had made love to a big breasted
    woman and he enjoyed her for the evening. When he awoke the next morning,
    Thalia was laying next to him and was sucking his penis as she made that
    cooing sound that she did sometimes when she was sucking him.   
Two days before the end of his vacation Gordon and he took a trip
    into town to purchase new clothes for their slaves for what they called slave
    appreciation night. They had all been provided with their slave's clothing
    sizes by Pleasure Incorporated for this purpose.   
It had been a good two weeks as Richard and Thalia sat out on the
    patio having a coffee and waiting for Doc Redfield and Nurse Carol to arrive.
    In a way he was looking forward to the end of the vacation. He missed Allison
    and was curious to hear how her vacation turned out. He was just finishing
    his coffee when there was a knock on the door.   
&quot;Thalia. You go and answer it. You know who it is.&quot;   
&quot;Yes Master.&quot;   
Richard remained out on the patio while Thalia was receiving her enema.
    He had been tempted the last couple of days to ask Doctor Redfield if Nurse
    Carol could give him one. By tomorrow he would be away from the urge and
    maybe back to a normal life.   
CHAPTER 19****   
&quot;They are beautiful Master.&quot; Allison exclaimed as she
      admired the silk panties and the black nylons she had slipped on. Next
      she stepped into the tight fitting black dress that had a slit along each
      side of it. She saw by looking in the mirror that anyone could see where
      the top of her nylons ended and the beginning of her underwear started.
      She did not care. She thought her whole attire was beautiful.   
&quot;I did not buy you a bra. I think your breasts at firm enough
      without one.&quot; Steven said as he watched Allison get dress.    
Allison was speechless as she put on a set of ear rings that were
      little diamond studs. Even her slave collar blended with the dress. She
      had gotten so accustomed to her collar that she never paid much attention
      to it any more unless Master Steven was summoning her. Lastly she stepped
      into a pair of black shoes with a three-inch heel. She felt strange with
      wearing an actual dress after two weeks.    
&quot;Lift up your dress and bend over. I got something else to
      add.&quot; Steven said.   
Turning her head sideways she watched her master hold out the butt
      plug that he made her wear the other day for her to lick. After she had
      moistened it, Steven pulled the crotch of her panties aside and gently
      inserted it.   
&quot;Thank you Master. Everything is excellent.&quot; Everything
      was exquisite even to the butt plug which made her feel naughty but oh
      so nice. Just walking across the room, she could feel her aroused nipples
      pressing against the course material of the dress.   
&quot;Tonight. You are to call me Steven.&quot;    
&quot;Yes Mast . . . Steven.&quot; Allison replied.    
The waiter pulled her chair out for her when he showed the two
      to their table. Allison suppressed a moan of pleasure as she felt the little
      device press further up her bottom as she sat and spread her legs the best
      she could considering the dress she was wearing.    
&quot;I thought dinning Greek tonight was fitting considering this
      is where it began.&quot; Steven remarked as they sipped on their drinks
      and waited for Mistress Ingrid and Jason to show.   
Allison received a further compliment after Steven excused himself
      from the table and went to the washroom.   
Two men were sitting at the table next to theirs when one of the
      men said to his buddy. &quot;Whose slave is that? Wow she's gorgeous.&quot;    
&quot;That's Steven's slave. The guy coming back from the washroom.&quot;    
&quot;I love to have her next time. God she's hot.&quot;    
Allison took a second look when Mistress Ingrid and Jason arrived.
      Both were dressed in the same finery as her and Steven. The meal was beyond
      description as all four dinned on the excellent cuisine. After the meal
      and two or three glasses of wine Allison had to use the washroom. She did
      not know if she should ask Steven if she could go or just excuse herself.    
&quot;Ma . . . Steven can I go to the washroom?&quot; Allison asked.
      She thought she better ask considering she was still a slave unto tomorrow.   
&quot;Yes you can.&quot;    
After a few minutes of light conversation once she returned, she
      could tell that Ingrid and Jason were ready to leave.   
&quot;It has been a pleasant evening. However, Ingrid has been
      waiting anxiously all evening for me to make love to her. Haven't you?&quot; Jason
      said as he leaned over and gave Ingrid a hug.   
&quot;Yes Jason.&quot; Ingrid replied.   
After Ingrid and Jason left the restaurant hand in hand, Steven
      looked at Allison as to say. &quot;Well. You're the boss.&quot;    
&quot;Let's go.&quot; Allison said as Steven pulled her chair out
      from the table.    
Allison had a hard time walking back to Steven's bungalow. Her
      underwear was clinging to her from her arousal and she could feel the butt
      plug moving around inside her. She was even daring enough as they walked
      back to Steven's place for her to reached over and squeeze the erection
      that she could see that Steven had.   
She felt flustered as they entered his quarters. Having no experience
      at being a dominant, she did not know what to do. She looked at Steven
      as if she was ready to cry. Steven could see what was happening as Allison
      stood like a statue so he took control.   
&quot;Can I remove your clothes?&quot; Steven asked.   
&quot;Yes Steven.&quot; Allison replied. She was grateful that
      Steven was politely taking over.   
After he had removed her dress, he took each breast in his hand
      as if he was handling a fragile piece of glass and sucked on each nipple
      until Allison moaned and pushed him away.   
&quot;Allison, please keep on the nylons. You look so sexy in them.&quot;    
&quot;Remove my panties.&quot; Allison said as she lay on the bed.    
After Steven had removed her clammy panties, he held them to his
      nose to smell the pungent odor of Allison's arousal.    
&quot;No Steven leave that in.&quot; Allison cried as Steven went
      to remove her butt plug.   
Allison rolled Steven on his back and straddled his prone body
      and leaned down and kissed him. Reaching between her legs, she grabbed
      his erection and placed it where it was meant to be.   
&quot;Fuck me Steven. Fuck me with that big fat cock.&quot; Allison
      moaned in his ear.    
&quot;You want to get fucked bitch? I'll fuck you.&quot; Steven
      replied as he wrapped his arms around Allison's back to hold her in place
      while he drove his pelvis to meet her thrusts.   
She was close to coming as she pressed her body against his and
      continued to kiss him. After two weeks of slavery she knew that a slave
      was not to have an orgasm before her mistress or master. She did not know
      if she could hold out that long as she milked Steven's hard erection with
      her vaginal muscles.   
He knew he had lost the race to make her come first but he had
      an idea as he moved his hand and gently pulled out Allison's butt plug
      and then shoved it back in.   
Allison collapsed on him and listened to the wet sloppy sound that
      Steven's cock was making in her come drenched vagina. She did not know
      if she could have stood up if she had to as her lover rolled her over on
      her back. He started with her lips and kissed his way down her body where
      again he sucked and gently bit on each of her nipples. When he licked at
      Allison's exposed vagina, he tried to lap as much of his discharge as he
      could.    
She never had a lover do that before as she had another minnie
      orgasm before Steven took her head in his hands and kissed her long and
      hard.   
&quot;Steven do you care for a drink?&quot; Allison asked as she
      ran her tongue over her lips as she got out of bed. She could still taste
      the essence of their love making as she waited for Steven's reply.   
&quot;Make me one of your drinks. A brandy on ice.&quot; Steven
      replied as he reached into the night table drawer and removed a pack of
      cigarettes.    
Returning with two drinks in her hand, Allison sat next to Steven
      in bed with their backs resting against the head board of the bed.   
&quot;I did not know that you smoked.&quot; Allison said as she
      took a sip of her drink while watching the smoke drift toward the open
      window.   
&quot;Occasionally.&quot; Steven replied as he took a drag. &quot; Do
      you care for one?&quot;   
&quot;No thank you.&quot; She had tried them a few times in college
      but never acquired a taste for them.   
&quot;Steven can you answer a question.&quot;    
&quot;I might. It all depends on the question.&quot;    
&quot;What if I wanted to continue being your slave occasionally
      after tomorrow?&quot; Allison asked as she took another sip of her drink.
      She had enjoyed the last two weeks and would have liked to continue this
      master slave relationship.   
&quot;Allison, you have been the best slave I have had since coming
      to this place and I would love to continue our relationship, but I cannot.
      This might sound strange to you what I'm about to say. I only cheat on
      my wife once a year, which is when I come here.&quot; Steven said.   
&quot;I see&quot; Allison replied.   
&quot;Rule number one for being a master. Do not get involved emotionally
      with your slave.&quot; Steven said as he put out his cigarette in his empty
      glass. &quot;But if I ever had the temptation of keeping a slave on the
      side. You would definitely be the one.&quot; Turning his head so that he
      was looking into her eyes, he kissed her passionately.   
&quot;Thank you Steven.&quot; Allison said after the kiss.    
&quot;What would be your pleasure? Do you want me spanked or sent
      to the dungeon for the remainder of the evening? Should I phone Peter and
      have him sent another male or female slave for your pleasure?&quot; Steven
      asked with a chuckle.   
&quot;Oh! Steven no.&quot; Allison replied in mock surprise. She
      knew that if she wanted to, she could be the mistress tonight. &quot; Considering
      this is our last night together. The only thing I want is to be your slave.&quot;    
&quot;Get on the floor on your hands and knees, slave.&quot; Steven
      ordered.    
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Allison replied as she complied with his
      order. She knew what Steven was going to do as he got off the bed and hooked
      her leash to her collar. This what she enjoyed as he walked her out into
      the living room.    
&quot;I think you need to be punished. Have you been a naughty
      slave?&quot; Steven asked as he sat on the chair. He could not help notice
      how sexy she looked wearing those black nylons and the three-inch spiked
      heels.   
&quot;Yes Master I have been naughty and I need to be spanked.&quot; Allison
      said in a demure voice. This had become a ritual that she liked. Sometimes
      Steven would spank her with a belt or a wooden paddle but most of the time
      he would use the palm of his hand.   
&quot;Over my knees.&quot;    
Allison clinched her buttocks as the first of many whacks landed
      across her bottom. As tears clouded her eyes, she felt an orgasm begin
      to stir deep inside her.   
Allison cuddled up to Steven after a night of wanton sex. She was
      happy and contented as they laid on their sides with Steven'.s arms around
      her. During the early morning hours, Allison felt her master's erection
      trying to enter her moist vagina. Shifting her body, Steven's cock found
      her entrance. After a few strokes, his penis was wet enough as he pulled
      out and to enter his slaves ass. By now Allison was used to objects being
      inserted in her back passage and had no trouble taking Steven's eight inch
      cock up her ass. She pushed back as Steven slowly entered his full manhood.
      With Steven cupping her breast's and him kissing her behind the ears, she
      let her hand played with her erect clit.Within a short time she felt her
      body ready to explode.   
&quot;Hold, I'm close also Allison.&quot; Steven groaned as he
      felt his ex slaves body ready to come.   
Allison learned the hard way from a few good spankings that you
      do not come until your master or mistress permitted you to. Afterwards
      she pushed back into the warmth of Steven's body and the two lovers drifted
      back to sleep.   
The next morning the two of them were sharing light conversation
      and a cup of coffee before they were to go their separate ways, when there
      was a knock at the door. Allison went over and opened the door with Steven
      right behind her.   
&quot;Good morning. We are checking to see if you need our services.&quot; Doctor
      Redfield said.   
It felt like all three of them were staring at Allison when Steven
      spoke. &quot;It's up to you Allison. You're a free person today.&quot;   
She took a deep breath and looked at all three of them as she slipped
      her slave dress off her shoulders and stood in the nude. &quot;It's going
      to be a long day. Why not.&quot; Allison said as she walked into the bathroom.   
Richard had purchased Thalia a light-blue sun dress along with
      a nice set of earrings and a pair of black shoes. Instead of the slaves
      underwear, she was wearing lace bikini panties with nylons. The only difference
      with this dress was that he had the seamstress cut two holes in the dress
      for the nipples of her breasts to protrude through. Richard had also purchased
      at the local sex shop a set of gold nipple clamps in the style of little
      crocodiles that he attached to her nipples. A gold chain finished off her
      wardrobe that hooked the two crocodiles tails together so that the chain
      dangled between her breasts.   
As usual Diana and Gordon joined them for dinner. Gordon was dressed
      in a casual sports coat that he had purchased in town and Diana was dressed
      in a smart green dress that complimented her eyes. Diana also was wearing
      a sexual device but it was not obvious as her fried Thalia. She had a small
      vibrator inserted in her vagina that just about made her orgasm as she
      walked.   
&quot;Nice jewelry.&quot; Gordon complimented Thalia on her nipple
      clamps as he reached over and gave the chain a light pull that connected
      the two crocodiles together.    
&quot;Thank you Gordon.&quot; Thalia groaned as her nipples were
      pulled taunt.   
&quot;And how are you feeling tonight, Diana? Richard asked as
      he watched her fidgeting in her chair.   
&quot;Fine.&quot; Diana replied, closing her eyes as she felt a
      pleasure shock rip through her body from the vibrator inside her.   
The meal was exquisite as usual with the men carrying on their
      own conversation while the woman talked between themselves. After dinner
      they went over to Bar Aztec for after dinner liqueurs. Richard knew by
      the odd exchange of eye signals between the women that they had something
      planned for Gordon and him. After a couple of drinks and a slow dance with
      each of the women, they said their good nights to each other and retired
      to their own quarters.   
Richard was shocked as he opened his door and found Doctor Redfield
      and Nurse Carol sitting at the bar enjoying a drink.   
&quot;What's the meaning of this?&quot; Richard said turning to
      Thalia.   
&quot;I think you need an enema. You have not had one in over a
      week.&quot; Thalia replied as she unhooked her nipple clamps and massaged
      her breasts to get the circulation back.   
Richard looked at Thalia and then at Doctor Redfield and finally
      at Nurse Carol before he decided what he was going to do. He knew he could
      refuse and order the doctor and the nurse to leave, but he was not going
      to. He slipped off his sports jacket and then started unbuttoning his shirt.
      Thalia helped him with undoing his shoes and removing his pants. Within
      seconds he stood nude.   
&quot;Follow me.&quot; Nurse Carol said as she walked into the
      bathroom.    
Richard was thankful that the doc did not join them. He sat at
      the bar and poured himself anther drink as Richard followed Nurse Carol.
      He could not help but have a hard erection as he crouched on the rubber
      mat on all fours. What made it more humiliating was that Thalia was watching
      from the doorway.   
&quot;I think you should slip one of those cock rings on him.&quot; Thalia
      said.   
&quot;Yes, we do not want an accident, do we?&quot; Nurse Carol
      replied as she slipped the ring over the head of his penis.   
Both woman stood and watched him humiliate himself as he sat on
      the toilet and expell the waste.    
&quot;We have a few more enemas to administer tonight.&quot; Nurse
      Carol was saying while she was packing up her equipment.    
Richard continued to sit on the toilet while Thalia showed the
      doctor and nurse to the door. Thalia walked back into the washroom in the
      nude having disrobed after the doctor and nurse had left.   
&quot;Richard. I want a piggy-back-ride.&quot; Thalia ordered.
      He got down on his hands and knees and felt Thalia get on his back.   
&quot;Getty up horsey.&quot; Thalia said as she reached back and
      gave Richard a swat across his bottom to get him moving. For the next fifteen
      or twenty minutes, Thalia rode him around his quarters while periodically
      slapping him across his rump with a riding crop.   
Thalia had just tired of him being her pony when someone knocked
      on the door.   
&quot;Richard please answer the door.&quot; Thalia asked. &quot;Don't
      worry about being naked. That is not something new around here.&quot;    
Richard opened the door to see Gordon and Diana standing there.
      He was shocked to see that Gordon was naked except for a pair of Diana's
      slave panties with a slit for his erection that was standing out. Finishing
      off Gordon's humiliation was a little leash fastened around his cock that
      Diana was leading him around with.   
&quot;Has Gordon been behaving himself?&quot; Thalia asked as she
      ran her hand along his erection.   
&quot;We had a little problem. Didn't we Gordon?&quot; Diana replied. &quot;Gordon
      pull down your panties and show Thalia how naughty you were.&quot;    
&quot;My, he must have been a bad boy.&quot; Thalia said while
      she ran her hand over his bottom.   
Richard thought his bottom stung from the slaps he received from
      Thalia, but Gordon had received a right proper spanking. He was no expert,
      but he would guess that Gordon received a spanking with a leather strap.   
&quot;We are going to be lenient with you two, considering that
      you have been fair masters to us when we were slaves.&quot; Thalia said.   
&quot;However, we want to see you jerk each other off.&quot; Diana
      added.   
Richard thought for a second about refusing. If the woman would
      have ordered the men to do anything more than this, he would have refused.   
&quot;Who will be first?&quot; Thalia asked.   
&quot;I will.&quot; Richard said as he positioned himself on one
      side of Gordon on his knees.    
&quot;Here. You'll need this.&quot; Thalia said as she handed Richard
      a tube of lubricant.   
He did not pay any attention as Thalia and Diana reclined on the
      couch and watched. His only concern was to masturbate Gordon to orgasm
      as quickly as possible. It felt strange masturbating another man but at
      the same time it felt natural as he heard Gordon's breathing quickened
      and knew he was close to ejaculating.    
Gordon reversed with Richard. Richard closed his eyes as he felt
      the oily hands of his friend gently take his penis in them. What he thought
      was going to be a disgusting feeling was turning out to be quite erotic,
      especially when Gordon ran his oily hand up and down between the cheeks
      of his ass. Richard was ready to come as Gordon expertly drew him closer
      to his orgasm. He cried with his orgasm when Gordon stuck his baby finger
      in his ass. Both men collapsed onto the carpet at their former slaves feet.
      For some reason that Richard could not figure out, Gordon looked at him
      and he at Gordon. Then they started a chuckle that turned into giggles
      and then to outright laughter. The women looked at them as if they were
      crazy. They did not know what they were laughing about but Thalia and Diana
      were soon laughing along with them. After a few minutes all four got themselves
      under control and wiped the tears from their eyes.    
&quot;You guys want a drink?&quot; Diana yelled to the men while
      they were washing their hands.   
&quot;Make mine a brandy on ice.&quot;    
&quot;I think I'll have the same.&quot; Gordon replied.   
All of them had a drink together and reminisced on the last two
      weeks. Richard and Gordon had exchange addresses earlier in the day. When
      Richard mentioned that he might see if Thalia wanted to exchange addresses
      also, Gordon's advice to him was that it would not be a good idea. His
      explanation was that Thalia was a season veteran of The Spa and the chances
      were that she would refuse.   
&quot;You're not made at me? Are you Richard?&quot; Thalia asked
      after they said their goodbys to Diana and Gordon and watched them walk
      hand and hand back to their bungalow.   
&quot;No. Why should I be?&quot;   
&quot;You know.&quot;    
&quot;I found it stimulating.&quot;    
&quot;I should be punished for what I made you do, Master.&quot; Thalia
      said in her little girl's voice.   
No sooner were the words out of her mouth than she found herself
      sprawled across Richard's lap.   
&quot;Yes. You have been a naughty girl.&quot; Richard said as
      he brought his hand down hard across her bottom.   
CHAPTER 20****   
Allison just came back from chasing after Doctor Redfield and Nurse
      Carol to retrieve the panties that Steven had bought for her when her collar
      buzzed. After she had her morning enema and dressed in a clean slave dress
      and underwear she had asked Steven if she could keep her outfit from the
      night before as a souvenir. That was when she discovered that her used
      panties were missing and only one person could have taken them. Sure enough
      when she confronted Doctor Redfield with the allegation, he apologized
to her and returned them.   
Allison asked Steven what she should do about responding to the
      call considering he was her master and had obviously not been the one to
      buzz her collar.   
&quot;Type in your name backslash office and see what happens.&quot; Steven
      said.   
For a few seconds the screen went blank and than a message appeared.    
ALLISON MEET ME AND RICHARD IN MY OFFICE . . . THANK YOU   
Turning to Steven they looked into each other eyes and shared a
      last kiss together.   
&quot;It has been good, Allison.&quot;   
&quot;Yes it has. Master.&quot; Allison replied as she picked up
      her clothes from the night before and walked out the door. She knew if
      she would have lingered any longer, she would have stated to cry. Even
      now she had to swallow a few times to stop the tears from coming.   
Both men were sitting but promptly stood when Allison walked into
      the room. Allison looked at her husband and thought that he never looked
      more handsome than he did right at that moment. Richard was thinking the
      same thing about Allison. He could tell that she had lost some weight and
      the way she looked, he could not describe the feelings he was having.   
Meeting Allison as she walked partway into the room, they embraced
      each other and shared a long passionate kiss.    
&quot;You okay?&quot; Richard asked as the tears his wife was holding
      started to flow.   
&quot;Yes . . . I'm so glad to see you.&quot; Allison finally replied
      after blowing her nose on a tissue that Peter handed her and wiping her
      eyes.    
&quot;I understand Allison that your line of employment involves
      exercise and spa equipment?&quot; Peter asked while all three were sitting
      drinking a coffee that a permanent slave had delivered.   
&quot;Yes. I'm in that line of business. Why do you ask?&quot;    
&quot;The management has been wanting to upgrade some of our equipment
      here at The Spa plus at some of our weekend retreats. They have asked me
      to oversee this project. This is a list of equipment we will require plus
      the location of where you will deliver each piece. Our representative,
      David will handle the purchase of the merchandise. I understand you have
      met him. Your husband has been kind enough to offer his services in handling
      the actual payment.&quot; Peter explained as he gave Allison the order.   
Allison had been in this business long enough to know by just looking
      at the list of equipment Peter wanted that it would cost over two hundred
      thousand dollars.   
&quot;Yes. I'll look after this for you.&quot; She replied.   
&quot;Here is your clothing. If you follow Slave Fonta she'll show
      you where you can get changed.&quot;    
&quot;No need for that.&quot; Allison replied as she stood unabashed
      and removed her slave dress and underwear. After she finished dressing
      in her regular clothes, she put her jewelry on.    
&quot;We need the collar, Allison.&quot; Peter asked in a polite
      voice.   
She had grown so accustomed to wearing her slave collar that it
      had become just about part of her. After she had taken it off, she ran
      her fingers over the material before returning it to Peter.   
Peter thanked them and diplomatically shooed them out of his office
      as another couple were waiting to enter.   
&quot;We got an hour to kill. Are you hungry?&quot; Richard asked.   
&quot;Starving.&quot;    
&quot;Let's have breakfast.&quot;   
&quot;Sounds splendid to me, but first I have to go back to my
      room. I'll meet you at the restaurant.&quot; Allison said as she gave Richard
      a kiss on the cheek. She wanted to pack up her used cosmetics for Diana.
      Both Alicia and she had found a couple of small boxes that would do the
      job. As she entered her room, it seemed bare. She looked in each of the
      other bedrooms and noticed that her roommates had already been back and
      gone. Alicia had her little box of used cosmetics sitting on the foot of
      her bed. Allison took only a matter of minutes before she went to join
      Richard for breakfast.   
Allison meant to go pee when she was at her quarters but had forgotten
      until she had already left. Without even thinking, she entered the slaves
      washroom. As she was about to sit, the thought crossed her mind that she
      was no longer a slave. She did receive a strange look from a male slave
      that used the toilet that was two toilets down from her. She just about
      burst out laughing when they commented to each other about the weather.   
Walking into the restaurant, she spotted Richard talking to another
      man.   
&quot;Allison I like you to meet a friend of mine.&quot;   
&quot;Gordon, this my wife Allison.&quot;   
She watched as Gordon looked at her and then back at Richard.   
&quot;Richard . . . I never knew that she was your wife. I. .I.
      . please forgive me if I offended you or your wife, I'm deeply sorry.&quot; Gordon
      stammered. He had been embarrassed before but never to this extent. He
      wished he would have known that this beautiful woman was Richard's wife.   
Allison and Richard looked at each other and started laughing.
      Gordon looked comical like a fish out of water. If he could have crawled
      under a rock, he would have.   
&quot;No offence taken. Please sit and have breakfast with us?&quot; Richard
      asked. The three of them talked about their stay at The Spa. Before they
      departed, Gordon had invited them to visit him in England. Allison was
      a little shocked but also excited when Richard accepted Gordon's invitation.
      Nothing was said about sex but Gordon mentioned his wife was a submissive
      and the four of them could enjoy each others company.    
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
Allison and Richard spent the remainder of the weekend in bed having
      sex except for taking time out for eating and sleeping. Each told the other
      of their experiences at The Spa which fueled their love making all the
      more. By Monday morning each knew of the others sexual escapades and had
      contented smiles on their faces as they went to work.   
It did not take long for them to get emerged back into their occupations.
      Both had plenty of work to catch up on. Allison did get complimented by
      her boss Mister O'Connor when she handed over the list of equipment Peter
      wanted.    
&quot;Ms. Page you're the only person I know that can go away on
      a two-week vacation and come back with a contract for two hundred and sixty
      three-thousand dollars. Congratulations.&quot;   
He was even more shocked when three days later she produced the
      cheque for the merchandise after she gave Richard an itemized list of the
      cost of each piece of equipment plus the shipping and handling.    
Richard in turn gave the list to David and then handled the transfer
      of the money without any complications.    
A week later David set up a meeting with Richard at a quiet out-of-the-way
      bar and asked him if would consider handling more transfers of money for
      Pleasure Incorporated for which he would be handsomely compensated. Richard
      knew without words being said that handling money for Pleasure Incorporated,
      there had to be no paper trail leading back to them. It might be a little
      illegal but he knew how to do it.   
Personal problems were cropping up for both Allison and Richard.
      Neither one could get The Spa off their minds. At times Allison would look
      down and find that her dress had ridden up on her and she was sitting with
      her legs spread. Another time she absent-mindedly walked into the men's
      washroom. At home when Richard was away or at work she would try to relive
      her experiences from The Spa. She would masturbate with her vibrator and
      try to spank herself which, of course, was not overly fulfilling.   
About three weeks after they were home, she had to go to a three-day
      seminar out of town.   
On her return she opened the door expecting Richard to be watching
      television or working in the den. Instead there was a note by the love
      seat where a person could take of their shoes.   
&quot;Slave. Get dressed and meet me in the spare bedroom.&quot; It
      was signed 'Your Master'.   
Allison's heart skipped a beat as she looked at a pair of panties
      that were similar to the ones at The Spa plus a similar dress. It only
      took her seconds to strip and timidly knock on the bedroom door.   
&quot;Enter.&quot; Richard said in a commanding voice.   
Allison could see that in the three days that she was away that
      Richard had transformed the spare bedroom into a sex den. She saw, on a
      low-lying table, an assortment of paddles and leather straps for spanking.
      On another table were handcuffs and other restraints plus vibrators of
      different colors and sizes. Laying on the bed was a collar for slaves to
      wear.   
&quot;You have been busy?&quot; Allison declared. She was wondering
      where he had purchased all this equipment.   
&quot;Yes I have been. I drove four hours to the state line to
      purchase these toys.&quot; Richard replied as he sipped his drink.   
&quot;Look in the bathroom.&quot; Richard asked.   
Sitting beside the toilet was all the equipment to apply an enema
      to a person plus an adult- sized potty chair. Also, in the bathroom were
      two stacks of slave underwear.   
&quot;Starting today if I want you to be my slave for the night
      I'll set a pair of these underwear out for you in the morning to wear all
      day. If you want me to be your master for the evening, let me know that
      you are wearing slave panties.&quot; Richard said.   
&quot;What about these other stack of underwear. They're a little
      too big for me.&quot; Allison said.   
&quot;Sometimes I might get tired of being a master.&quot; Richard
      replied.   
&quot;Richard I love you.&quot;   
&quot;Down on your knees slave. You need to be disciplined.&quot; Richard
      said as he picked out a leather strap along with the slave collar.   
&nbsp;   
THE END    
Or a knew beginning   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MysticPetite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





