BDSM Library - The Challenge




The Challenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a screen play for a documentary fantasy.  It stars two mid life women willing to explore passion. Should you try out for a star role in this adventure? "The Challenge"   
 Chapter 1   
    Prologue   
 When you decide to explore this project, you can send a simple
      e-mail to Annie our Executive Producer. She owns and lives in the Retreat
      where, if cast, you will spend your week. You let her learn how to e-mail
      you and a dialogue can begin. You, of course, will have read this entire
      screenplay. You will know a great deal about the project while she will
      know nothing about you. Many women may be interested. Eventually, after
      correspondence, phone calls, and perhaps an in person meeting with a final
      few, she will make her decision and the film will be cast. Do understand,
      you should not apply if you are an actress. This is not for you or for
any female who pretends to have feelings in order to get money.   This
      is a combination documentary and fantasy. It has no script per se. Neither
      woman in this film memorizes or delivers "lines". In this
      film two women learn basic quality love making. They say what they feel
      and are willing to share their thoughts with one another. That natural
      human dialogue is as close to a script as this project needs. These must
      be honest real feelings or other women will not identify with them.   So, the purpose of this screenplay is to give you a structure
      to follow if this challenge interests you. Both of you will probably arrive
      at Annie's Retreat on Friday. You may fly in and we will pick you up or
      you may drive.          
      You will bring the least possible amount of your own things
            with you. Perhaps your tooth brush, comb, and
            simple cosmetic case. Virtually everything you will need while at
            the retreat will be supplied by Annie. If you must have something
            we do not have, we will get it locally. This is meant to be a great
            pampering week. You are on a rare vacation dedicated to meeting your
            needs and desires. You are our guest in Annie's Retreat. You could
      bring comfortable slippers, a robe, and whatever casual traveling clothes
      you wear to get here. You will be treated with respect and care. We believe
      this week at the retreat will be the greatest vacation of your life.  
 So, in fact, somehow you arrive. You are nervous. We are nervous
      and the other women is nervous. Both of you have met Annie but you may
      not have met one another. You arrive fed and still very much part of the
      outer world. It will be several hours before you begin to relax and allow
      Annie's Retreat to become your new home.   
Once here your evening may begin with a simple shower. After a
      day of travel that is step one in preparing to explore. At some point after
      you each have had a shower and are in your robe there may be a tour. Annie
      will suggest a very nice glass of wine...she likes Marco Negri. If you
      have something special you love to have, bring a bottle and share it with
      us. Three women are meeting for a fascinating project. It is the beginning
of a memorable evening and a dream like week.   Eventually it is decided whether you will be the 'teacher' or
      the 'student' when you begin the project tomorrow. For six structured nights
      you are the teacher on three nights and the student on three nights. She
      does the same. Basically you take turns.   The first night does not count as a structured night. It is a night
      to put things in perspective. It also leaves next weekend completely open
      for whatever the three of you decide you wish to explore and enjoy. So
      tonight you get to know one another and learn how the retreat is structured.
      The exploring begins tomorrow. Every morning the teacher tells her student
      what has happened so far in the teachers life. In the afternoon the student
      tells the teacher about how she became the woman she is. Every day the
      roles switch. We have a way of capturing life stories that we believe you
      will totally enjoy. Do NOT prepare, plan , lay out or rehearse your stories.
      They can only flow naturally when your fascinated listener is in place.
      Also in this retreat you will have many new things to talk about each day
      and they can not be planned or rehearsed.   
 Our goal during this week is to have you escape from the long
      habit of putting yourself last. Now is the time to learn everything possible
      about your own erotic potential. This is a week of sensuality and exploration
      of you, by you, and for you. 
Her goals are the same.
        You are two women learning together because that will absolutely be easier
        and more fun. Women are inherently sensual. You are an artist in giving
        and receiving pleasure. Males are in a different league. Most males are
        easy to excite but difficult to train as great long term erotic partners.
        We will get to males in all good time. This week is about you and the first
        order of business is having you learn absolutely everything possible about
        what arouses, excites, and really thrills you.  
In Annie's Retreat no one has a quick easy climax and goes to
      sleep. On the nights you are the student she will spend hours learning
      how to excite you to ever greater heights and depths of passion. When she
      is the student you will learn what turns her on to the highest pleasures
      of her life. By the time you return to choices of lovers of whichever gender
      you select at any given moment, you will know exactly what excites you
      and makes you the sexiest woman alive. Teaching this to anyone lucky enough
      to be your future lover, whether for a few hours or for years and years,
      will take that amazed and fascinated person to heights they have only dreamed
      about. But in truth, this is not about your past, current, or future lovers.
      It is always simply about you. You can only learn what most excites you
      by allowing a caring person to explore passion with you. You have given
      permission to your body to seek its torrid limits...no matter who is the
      teacher or the student any given night. This structure eliminates most
      of the ego struggles, fears, and confusions that make traditional approaches
to learning great love making fail.   
Every evening begins in the hot tub. Candles are lit, incense
      burns, and soft music is playing. The teacher of the evening has the wine
      poured. The cares of the day are gone and the potential of the night is
      to begin.  The Beginning Chapter 2         Yes, you and she are nude in the hot tub. Your mind has agreed
      to allow your body to explore. Next month, if you must you can be negative
      and critical. This week you agree with yourself to let go and experience
      new sensations. Bathing suits are neither comfortable nor appropriate for
      this adventure. You see her body and she sees yours. Each sees nice features
      in spite of the lists of defects each of you hold onto about your own appearance.
      Some of what you have lived through in the first half of life has changed
      the body you had at eighteen or twenty. You are however, much more interesting
      and sexy as a total woman than you were then. You like her. She likes you.
      Humor is how we reach across the nervous newness of getting to know someone.         Annie has picked well. You are an interesting couple. A real friendship
      may evolve here. You may become best buddies because what you will go through
      you will do together, each looking out for the others well being.   
After the hot tub you both may enjoy a very leisurely massage.
      This is a real Annie treat. At some point, pleasant sleep takes over. The
      sleeping arrangement is structured for the next six nights but tonight
      has open choices. In time you will dream and in dreaming will come more
      completely into the warmth of the Retreat. You will dream and this is when
      you enjoy your greatest freedom to explore. Years from now when you think
      so warmly about this week, you will remember the dream parts even more
      clearly than the rest. You do not understand that process at this moment
      as you read these words but you will begin to learn this part of the adventure
tomorrow night.   So, Saturday morning comes as it always does. You shower, enjoy
      a delightful breakfast and then you start to teach her who you are and
      how you came to be such a unique woman. Being cast in these roles means
      you are a rare and very desirable creature. If you are the teacher today
      you talk in the morning and the student talks to you in the afternoon.
      Maybe this first day you will each tell the other about the    
 first half of your life. You will also tell
      her what you felt yesterday as you began the trip here and what your thoughts
      and feeling have been so far about both her and the retreat. Each day you
      repeat this process. When its her time to be teacher she will tell you
      of her thoughts as well. In essence you continue to exchange roles.   
The food is excellent at Annie's Retreat. After dinner you return
      to the hot tub. Tonight, and every night until next Friday, the teacher
      gives the student a massage. These are always long lasting. There is never
      a hurry. The teachers goal is always the same. She wants the student to
      dream. In your dream you explore sensations you rarely allow in your day
      time life. She spends the longest time massaging your back and neck, and
      arms and hands, and legs, and feet. Eventually, when she turns you over,
      she does your front. You allow the sensations to delight you. It is amazing
      how different it feels when another hand touches your skin. Her hands and
      yours may be virtually identical in size, strength, and feel. But her hands,
      anywhere on you, have excitement, pleasure, and delicious potential beyond
      any touch of your own hands. And tomorrow night she will feel your hands
      on her body, virtually with the same thoughts as you. Eventually she finishes
      the massage. You realize that because she puts a simple soft leather collar
      around your neck. This means you are now her student and you will sear
      this collar until after you explore this life and these awakenings with
      her tomorrow afternoon. Then you will take the collar off, and tomorrow
night after you finish giving her the long massage you will put it on her.   When the magic collar is on, the fantasies begin. You allow her
      to learn how to excite you. You have no duties except to relax. She will
      learn by trial and error how you respond to touch. Some levels of touching
      are more arousing than others. Your body loves sensations. It may enjoy
      lighter touching in the early phase but as the night goes on, your body
      in growing passion will always seek stronger sensations. There can be rest
      breaks. The music may change. You grow thirsty after perspiring a few hours.
      Going to the bathroom is allowed. Those trips may even include new features
      and ceremonies. The evening is about how high you can be and how often    and for how long and you allow it and enjoy it enormously. This
      fantasy is safe and real...you are not responsible for any decision making.
      No one but you needs to be pleased. Her turn is tomorrow. Tonight her entire
      life and mind and feelings and body are dedicated to learning in great
      detail what excites you. Once you both learn that, you can teach any lover
      you select how to share this experience. But first you through her, must
      learn.       It is in her embrace that you are cuddled into the deepest sleep.
      Her mind is on tomorrow night when its her turn to enjoy the pleasures
      you explore with her.   Ready For Toys Chapter 3   Sunday morning, after a pleasant feast, the teacher shares more
      of her early life with the student. Then, in private dialogue, she and
      Annie talk about her experience last night. This might have been her first
      experience with a woman lover. She has often been curious but the sensations
      and responses of a women's body are quite unique...after decades of hetero
      she has finally found another virgin barrier to break...and it was wicked
      and delightful and delicious. She had not realized how relaxing it could
      be to enjoy intense sensations without the endless worries that accompany
      love making with males. No potency or arousal issues, no ego, no masculinity
      challenges...this might be her first ever love making experience in which
      she has not spent a moment reassuring or convincing a lover that he was
      terrific...especially if he was not. You are absolutely hetero but this
      level of learning is almost impossible with most males. Annie understands
this probably far better than you at this early stage.   Sunday afternoon the teacher listens to more of the students life
      and relationship stories and then she has some quiet time while the student
      shares her thoughts and feelings about last night with Annie. This repeats
      for six days. Neither of you hears how the other responds to you as teacher
      or student but you each keep learning more about the details of one another's
      life before you met.     Eventually the day passes. The student wears the collar until
      tonights hot tub. Then after she, as the new teacher, gives her best massage
      to her new student, she puts the collar on her to signal the beginning
      of new fantasies. The new student now relaxes and enjoys the explorations
      as the new teacher learns by trial and error how to arouse her to ever
      greater passion.   
       There is no question about who are better lovers. Women are
          magnificent lovers once self released to explore. Males do try sometimes
          to learn what excites a particular woman but males miss so much. If
          a male can not find milk in a refrigerator he will not notice the change
          in a women's skin color, breathing rate, moisture, iris diameter, body
          stretch, or other architectural clues about whether she is becoming
          more turned on or is losing interest. Another woman, totally hetero
          in life style by choice, never the less will see all those reactions
          to everything she is doing. She also knows how to explore limits. She
          understands how her body works. When love play begins light touches
          maybe delicious. But when a woman's blood pressure is up and she is
          hot and sweaty she wants strength. She seeks challenge. She isn't sure
          how far she can go or how much she can handle but she wants to find
          out. Some of this only requires the teachers body. As the learning
          progresses through the week however the teacher will use some of the
          toys Annie's Retreat has. By the end of the six nights some body marks
          may last a day or two...but they will soon fade. The memories will
          last forever. Annie's Retreat does have long lists of limits. No permanent
      marks, and no golden showers or similar activities. Absolutely no child
      pornography and nothing that would offend an enlightened empowered woman.
      Erotic dominance and submission, bondage and discipline, role playing and
      all sensations producing activities enjoyable by both women enhance and
      extend pleasure. We seek no mood breakers here and no wishing the next
      morning we had made other choices last night. As our student dreams of
      greater passion and our teacher learns what most arouses and as those roles
      continually reverse, you freely explore the best of past fantasies without
      fear of being badly used or hurt in any way. You can only learn if your
      mind allows new experiences to happen without pre judgement. Your body
      is the worlds most exotic instrument. Great music can not be created without
      exploring your instrument in exhausting detail.   
Finally you are worn out and you slip into deep sleep and new
      dreams. Each morning when you awaken you are more voluptuous and erotic
      then you have ever been in your entire life. You look at her and she looks
      at you and each of you is thinking the exact same thoughts. You know what
she did to you the last time she was    in charge of the night. And you certainly know how that felt. What
      you both begin to plan every morning, is what you will do with her body
      when she is next the student and you are the teacher. No one can write
      that script except you and from those decisions come the central activity
      of our fantasy...and from your responses and feelings come the honest dialogue.
      Our job is to capture the week so you can hold on to it and enjoy it for
      the rest of your life...and perhaps share an edited version with a few
caring women not lucky enough to be cast for this challenge. Thoughts About Whipping Chapter 4
 You are not always neutral when you read or hear the word 'whipping'.
      There is an immediate mental image of women nude or near nude, stretched
      skin glowing in fire lights, or candle light, or moonlight, and pink stripes
      on skin. Some of these fantasies may be extremely erotic and appealing...some
      too frightening to explore. When you were a little girl you might have
      been good at organizing being captured by cowboys or Indians or pirates.
      At some time you may have explored bondage which allows a lover to play
      with your body without your specific permission.   
We need to define what may be acceptable here and what is not.
      Many women have been abused. We are not in favor of any abusive behavior
      whether verbal or physical. Those who abuse need to be severely beaten
      and then jailed. However, the body of a healthy woman has an infinite variety
      of appetites. Often she enjoys being aroused by sensations that clearly
      increase in intensity as hours of love making search for longer lasting
      more intense climaxes. Your body is a sensational arrangement of nerve
      endings hidden in erotic curves and capable, as blood rushes to wherever
      and however those erotic nerves are stimulated, of wishing more and more
      to see how high you can go and what your erotic limits might be. When aroused
      you may wish sensations a considerate lover might not give you...and that
      is a very good way to evaluate acceptable lovers. When you want what might
      be questionable in intensity, you must trust the judgement and self control
      of your lover. The purpose of this week is to explore new excitements but
      also to learn the safe path through the endless varieties of fantasy. Marks
      that fade in a day may be intensely enjoyable to acquire. Stronger activities
      are not acceptable here and should not be intrinsic in your future love
      life. You are the most important being alive to those who love you and
wish to have you love them. Excitement is wonderful. Damage is not acceptable.   That said, if you are not deeply experienced in the realities
      of BD/SM how do you learn? Is it easier to explore the submissive role
      first or the dominant? If you are the teacher and no one has taught you,
      where do you begin and what do you actually do? First you must realize
      who is in control when heavier sensations are part of the menu. The submissive
      must always be in control. There are no exceptions to this rule.   Your job is to arouse her to new heights. That will more than excite
      you, but your needs and pleasure must always come after hers.   
Better love making generally begins with soft touches when a romantic
      mood has been set and both of you can explore passion without fear of unwanted
      interruption. The outside world must go away. In the beginning of good
      love making, you as lovee realize your lover wishes to spend hours teasing,
      playing with, and exciting you. Your job is to relax and allow the journey.
      Eventually you may wish to reciprocate but in our screenplay that will
      come tomorrow night. For these hours, all attention and activity centers
      on your body and after the first and second climax, the more intense explorations
begin.   You are a package of highly erotic desirable
      parts. Each part of you speaks with a different voice. The harmony response
      from the instrument of your body is totally determined by how your lover
      plays with your body and watches your reactions. If you are lightly and
      then more firmly stroked and strapped under one arm, and down one side,
      and around and over all of one breast for as long as it takes for you to
      become pink in that area and perhaps breathing noticeably faster, your
      body is sending literally millions of new messages to your brain, to your
      heart, and to your kitty. The parts being played with are tingling madly...it's
      twin on the other side is demanding equal attention...and there is a ringing
      chorus from all the other parts shouting "me too..me too!!".   Now there are simply endless variations to this adventure. Your
      position is         frequently changed...at times vibrators are exciting on one or
      two parts while clamps are working elsewhere and toys of every variety
      are painting you ever rosier...and there are climaxes, and there is constant
      loving attention as your lover tries to exactly learn where you are and
      what you love and what would excite you even more. And there are loving
      breaks with hugging and holding and rest and refreshment. And then, perhaps,
      the next round begins anew. Desirable enjoyable memorable torture between
      caring lovers may be one of life's highest achievements. It is a worthy
      goal for any woman willing to live to her highest capacity. And, as always,
      if you are the lucky woman who is tonight's student you will be the teacher
      tomorrow night. Every sensation you enjoy receiving, you can give to the
      one trying to take you to the highest peak of your life. You probably can
      not now remember most weeks of last year or any other recent year. But
      you   will   remember
      this week forever.  
 Climaxes And Decisions Chapter 5   
Finally the structured six days and nights pass and Friday comes.
      For the first time since the evening you arrived, after the great breakfast,
      the three of you sit and relax together and put this all in perspective.
      You have learned a great deal about her and her life and she about you
      and yours. What is most surprising is how similar your lives have been.
      You both filled the same nearly identical roles. You and she have been
      little girls, daughters, first sweethearts, students, first employees,
      fiances, young careerist's, first married, and have been mothers, wives,
      occasional activists, and have learned about inequalities towards women
      and the impossibility of doing it all...and perhaps you have learned of
      separation and divorce and of earning frustrations and gone through the
      empty house syndrome as the children moved on in life. Your body has explored
      similar changes and your views of life and the world have become more complex...and
      clearly, both of you have realized that though you have generally been
      good women in every sense, you have rarely explored your own intimate passions
and fantasies. So, in mid life, either you go forward or you don't.   Both of you reached the same positive decision. You both appeared
      at the Annie's Retreat last Friday which now seems like the long distant
      past.   
You are now a different woman then you were seven days ago. You
      have allowed yourself the challenge to explore freely and throughly what
      most excites and arouses your body. You have finally let your guard down
      and allowed a stranger to learn how to please you..and, perhaps for the
      first time in your life you have learned how to make love to a woman...and
      to a woman amazingly like you! Women sometimes do not realize how unbelievably
      indescribably difficult it is for a man to learn how to excite and please
      a woman. You may believe you are clear and easy to understand and that
      any idiot could pick up on your signals. In fact, nothing remotely like
      that is true. Yes, males are not very bright or perceptive about the signals
      women send but in fact, women are confusing to love. There clearly are
      several different women living inside you. They apparently take turns being
in charge of your expressions and words. They do not speak
in the same voice or act in the same way. Any given male may fall in love with
one of you, and even like another of you, but some of the women in you will confuse,
frustrate, and terrify him. Also, of course, he will never know which one of
you may come out next, much less what her mood might be. As you may now realize,
it's quite a challenge learning how to turn on another woman and eventually wear
her out with her own passion. And this is the honeymoon week. This has nothing
      to do with the maintenance of excitement over decades of sharing the stress
      of life. 
Yet here you are and this is the day she tells you how she felt
      on the three nights she was your student and you tell her how you felt
as her student the alternative nights.    Each of you has shared your thoughts and feelings with Annie but
      until today you have only shared them with her. Now you get to hear each
      others true thoughts.   
You now know how much pleasure can be possible when you allow
      your extraordinary body to play with forbidden fantasies you have enjoyed
      since childhood. Peggy Lee's haunting song question "Is That All There
      Is?" now has very different answers for both of you . You have freed yourself
      to explore new areas of growth and exploration and enjoyment that have
      been put off for decades. You will never again limit your pleasure as you
      did for so long. But in actual honesty, neither of you is certain what
      to do with this magic free weekend. It is Friday. you don't have to be
anywhere until Monday. What are the possibilities?   Within a few miles of Annie's Retreat is one of entertainment
      capitals of the world. Over fifty theatres offer over a hundred live musical
      shows every day. There are lakes and forested hills everywhere. You are
      free and alive and may be at the single healthiest most exciting moment
      so far in your life. Clearly, there is more to explore.   
And, every part of your adventure has been captured. A library
      of your life and her life and your first adventures together exists. That
      entire library will be yours and   hers and ours forever. It is possible that
      some version or portions of this amazing voyage can and should be shared
      with select women. Our struggle will be to try to get these elements together
      in some form comfortable and acceptable to all of us.   
Life can be both hard and sweet but it is too short when it goes
      well. Sharing is how we reach out and help one another through the dark
      and lonely parts. You, at this moment, are alone. You have read this screenplay
      on your monitor. Perhaps you will print it and read it again in a different
      chair or room and mood. Most of all, perhaps you will share your thoughts
      with Annie. It is lonely writing and saying words no one answers or responds
      to. At least one of the women living in you would like to spend time at
      Annie's Retreat. Other inner women may be frightened. Only you hear those
      voices. Days and nights will pass but they will continue to sneak up on
      you and speak out. And, in all honesty, how harmful can a simple e-mail
be?   Thank you for reading this. We are here for you when you are ready
      to take the challenge. 
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Teacher of O


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





