BDSM Library - A Stud for Sandy




A Stud for Sandy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sandy thinks that she is a masochist, but the kidnapper is definitely a sadist!
A STUD FOR SANDY


Copyright reserved January 2000 by Verywierd


This story is loosely based on actual events narrated to me 
by a fan and are used with her permission. However, the 
plot, dialogue and personalities are purely fictional. My 
thanks to you Sandy and I hope you enjoy it.


Chapter One.

'The long, glistening leather whip wraps itself around your 
waist, the tip biting into the skin of your waist like a 
striking snake. Your spread-eagled body quivers like a leaf 
in a storm. I let the whip uncoil from around your waist, 
drawing it back to my side, and then send it shooting out 
one last time to embrace your hips. My mastery of the 
bullwhip allows me to send the tip darting straight to your 
pussy, landing with a sharp "Snap!". The burning pain of 
the whip triggers your orgasm, and your body shakes with 
the tremours of a muscle wrenching climax and you howl your 
ecstasy into the night air'

The words seem to flow from the monitor screen directly 
into Sandy's brain and she could almost feel the sensations 
described by her anonymous 'tormentor'. Shifting uneasily 
on her chair, Sandy realised that what she did feel was 
intense horniness. It had been nearly six months since she 
had broken up with her last boyfriend and she definitely 
did not think that chastity suited her. As she signed off 
from the chat 'room' with one hand on the keyboard, the 
other slid unconsciously across her breasts, stoking the 
warm, tingling sensations that the session had aroused in 
her pierced nipples.

'What you need is a man!'

Sandy jumped, snatching her hand away from her chest in 
reflexive modesty. Engrossed in her virtual torture 
session, Sandy had forgotten all about the presence of her 
best girlfriend Chris, who had been watching TV in the 
living room.

'Don't do that!' complained Sandy, feeling her skin flush 
red, embarrassed to be caught out by her friend.

'Well I'm right. You do need a man' continued Chris, 'in 
more ways than one' she added, grinning. Ever since Sandy 
had broken up with her last boyfriend, Chris had been 
trying to introduce her to a succession of supposedly 
eligible men.

'Yeah, like that guy who worked in the petshop and talked 
to lizards' replied Sandy sarcastically.

'Lizards need love too' said Chris, unabashed. 'Besides, he 
married that vet last week. But I do have good news'.

'Oh oh' groaned Sandy.

'No, this guy is great. I met him yesterday at the gym' 
said Chris, undaunted by Sandy's lack of enthusiasm.

'A real stud, I'll bet'

'As matter of fact, he is. He's good looking, tanned, and a 
hunk. I can testify to the last. He looks really good in 
exercise gear' said Chris, licking her lips at the thought 
of all that luscious manhood. 'I have set up a double date 
for us tonight. Dinner at that new Chinese restaurant and 
tickets for a movie. I know that you have nothing on today. 
Come on, it will be fun!'

After a series of duds, Sandy did not feel inclined to 
spend another evening with one more singles bar reject. 
However, Chris was persistent and to her disgust, Sandy 
found herself giving in to her friend's pleas.

'O.K. One last try' sighed Sandy. 'But I warn you Chris, if 
this guy spends all his time trying to look down my dress, 
I swear that I will knee him in the nuts right there in the 
restaurant'

Chuckling, Chris went home to change and to meet her own 
date.

Mentally kicking herself for succumbing to her friend's 
arguments, Sandy went into her bathroom to take a shower. 
As she undressed, she looked at herself in the full length 
mirror beside the wash basin. Pulling off the rubber band 
that held her shoulder length hair in a pony tail, she 
shook her natural blond tresses from side to side, letting 
the long golden strands fall across the side of her face.
Light gleamed from her chest, the bathroom lights sparkling 
off of the twin platinum rings that swung like tiny jewel 
encrusted pendulums from her pierced nipples. She had 
bought a matching set for her ears as well, but those lay 
on her dressing table, waiting to be exchanged for the 
plain gold studs that she had worn for the past week.

Her nipples stiffened as she looked at herself, the heat of 
the on-line sex session coming back to her. At 28 years of 
age, Sandy had a firm, well toned body. She was well aware 
that some of the teenage boys who attended the community 
sports programmes that she administered, did so in the hope 
of spending some time watching her run around the gym in 
body hugging spandex.

Cupping her tight, virginal looking breasts in her hands, 
Sandy recalled the sharp stinging pain of the needle as it 
pierced each quivering nipple while she sat topless in the 
shop. That memory, and the words of 'Master X', her on-line 
tormentor, helped to spread the heat from her breasts down 
her belly and into her pussy. Her groin throbbed and 
tingled as the blood rushed to the blossoming lips of her 
sex and she could feel the slick, shiny juices start to 
flow from inside her passage. Leaning against the steam 
heated glass of the shower cubical, Sandy slid one hand 
down her front, pinching her skin as it moved towards the 
neatly trimmed patch of gold at the join of her thighs. 
Each pinch, sharp and crackling like a tiny electric shock, 
seemed to flash in her mind, while simultaneously being 
stored in the shiny pink battery of her clitoris.

The charge grew ever stronger as Sandy tugged and twisted 
at her nipple rings, the itching, aching feeling pushing 
her towards the ultimate, sizzling discharge. Her fingers 
finished their downward journey, sliding of their own 
accord into the damp crevice of her sex until they gripped 
her moist, crinkled inner labia. Finally, she could hold it 
no longer. Sandy lowered her other hand from her breasts, 
the index finger gently landing on the tiny hood of skin 
that shielded her clit. Up and down, around and around, the 
finger skillfully primed her clit. Her buttocks clenched 
tight, and the taut muscles of her thighs tensed as if to 
prepare her for a great leap into the void.

Unable to bear the sweet torture any longer, Sandy pinched 
her labia hard, the tips of her nails a pale imitation of 
the needle's bite as she imagined them piercing her sex 
lips.  Her other finger dipped under the hood of flesh to 
make contact with her clit. A miniature lightning bolt 
flashed from her clit to her finger as her body jerked and 
vibrated from an intense orgasm. Her thighs clamped 
together, trapping her fingers and involuntarily coating 
them with her love juices.

For a long moment Sandy sagged against the glass as her 
universe reeled. Then total relaxation replaced the 
quivering tension and she staggered into the shower stall, 
gasping as the torrent of hot water struck her body.




Chapter Two.

Sandy shook her head in amazement as she locked the main 
door of the music store, of which she was the manager. For 
once, Chris had not been exaggerating when she had 
described Sandy's blind date. His name was Marcus and he 
was every bit the stud that Chris had made him out to be. 
His rugged good looks, wavy chestnut hair and broad chest 
made Sandy want to look around for the cameras that surely 
had to be following him around.

Even more amazing was the fact that he was charming and 
intelligent. He had kept Sandy laughing and chatting all 
evening, their whispered jokes and giggles causing the 
other patrons of the cinema to glare and throw popcorn. 
When he had revealed that he was a 'security consultant' 
she had burst out laughing. He had responded in a cliched 
private-eye voice, saying 'Hey lady, us private dicks have 
gotta strike it lucky once in a while too ya know'.

That date had been a month ago, and they had seen each 
other almost every night since then. As Sandy walked to her 
car, her smile suddenly disappeared. They had talked of 
many things and exchanged much of each other's life 
stories, but up to now, Sandy had not been able to bring 
herself to tell him about her sexual tastes. In her mind 
she imagined the hurt look in his smoky grey eyes and his 
voice seemed to echo in her mind saying one word 
accusingly, over and over. 'Pervert!'

Sandy shook her head like a dog shedding water, putting her 
emotional problems aside for the moment as she neared the 
gymnasium. It was her turn to supervise the activities for 
the night and in addition, she coached an introductory 
girls' volleyball team that was designed to attract the 
neighborhood girls into taking part in organised sports. 
She spent much of the time getting to know the girls and 
encouraging them to participate as well as keeping the 
peace. She noticed that Angela, one of her new girls, had 
not turned up. No one had seen her that day and she had not 
called in sick. It was not unusual for girls to join in for 
a session or two and then drop out again, but Sandy had 
hoped that Angela would be one of those who stayed. 
However, the girls who were present needed her attention 
and Angela faded from her mind as the team got down to 
work.

Another week went by and Sandy was no closer to telling 
Marcus about her sexual tastes nor had Angela ever returned 
to the team. However, on Friday, things suddenly changed. 
Sandy had just come home from work and was still wet from 
the shower when her doorbell rang. To her surprise, she saw 
that it was Marcus standing outside her door.

'Marcus! I thought you said that you would be working 
tonight' she said in surprise. She notice that he looked 
grim and made not attempt to kiss her cheek in greeting as 
he usually did.

'I need your help Sandy' he said in a serious tone of voice 
as he walked into the living room. He held a large brown 
envelope in his hand. Once they were seated together on the 
couch, he started to explain. 'I have been hired by a 
couple of worried parents to locate their daughter. They 
suspect that she has been kidnapped'

Sandy frowned. 'Suspect? They don't know? Maybe she just 
ran away'

Marcus nodded. 'That is what the police said too. When 
they discovered that the girl had run away before, they 
just dropped that case and advised the parents to wait for 
her to get in touch with them. However the parents felt 
otherwise and so they hired me'

'Did you find her?' asked Sandy, wondering where this was 
all leading.

'I think so' replied Marcus. 'I believe that she has been 
taken by a sex slavery ring. Attractive fourteen year old 
girls are always in demand. This morning, an informant of 
mine told me that he had heard that the girl was being held 
in a house just outside of town. However, he thinks that 
she will only be there for tonight, and will be shipped out 
of the country in the morning'. Marcus opened the envelope 
and pulled out a photograph.

'Angela!' gasped Sandy, staring in horror at the picture.




Chapter Three.

Marcus explained that he had managed to make contact with 
the kidnappers through his informant, posing as a potential 
buyer of 'talent'. He had been invited to meet the 
kidnappers this very night, but Marcus was required to turn 
up with a female companion. By forcing Marcus and a female 
companion to participate in some sexual fun and games, the 
kidnappers hoped weed out potential law officers. Marcus 
had a female investigator on call who could have 
accompanied him, but she happened to be out of town.

'All you need to do is to act as one of my "girls" and 
agree with whatever I say' explained Marcus. 'There will 
only be two of them there, a man and a woman. Hopefully, I 
can discover if Angela is really there and if so, in which 
room. If I get the chance, I will overpower them and rescue 
Angela. If not, I will make some excuse and we will leave 
before we get down to any sex. Once outside, I will try to 
get the police to take action or failing that, I will call 
in some of my associates and we will attempt a rescue'

Sandy thought of the shy, quiet girl that she had known at 
the gym, and imagined her being sold and raped by a gang of 
criminals. She knew at once that she had no choice but to 
help. Marcus hugged her and she clung to his powerful body 
for a moment, drawing on his strength and confidence. Then 
she went to her room to change. She chose a tight black 
cotton dress that ended half way down her thighs, and 
matching shoes. Snatching a small leather handbag from the 
drawer, she tossed a few items into it and turned to go. 
Then she remembered her new earrings and decided that they 
would suit her supposed persona better than the plain gold 
studs presently in her ears. Quickly, she unfastened the 
studs and put them on the table top. Just as she finished 
inserting the platinum earrings, one of the gold studs 
rolled off the table and fell to the floor. Sandy decided 
that she had no time to look for it and swept the remaining 
stud into her bag for safe keeping.

As they drove through the night, Sandy tried some method 
acting and tried to think like a hooker with her pimp. She 
tried to think sexy with a touch of fear. Pimps liked to 
beat their girls; or at least that was the way they were 
portrayed on TV. If you could not trust the TV, who could 
you trust? The idea of being hit made her tingle a bit, but 
the thought of Marcus acting like a pimp made her feel ill.

Finally, the car bumped to a halt in front of the house. 
The only lights around were the headlamps of the car and 
the dim yellow light shining beside the front door. The 
night felt terribly quiet after listening to the steady 
growl of the engine. Marcus stepped out of the car and 
Sandy joined him, deciding that a hooker would not wait for 
her pimp to open the car door for her. There was a creaking 
sound from the house.

'What's your name?' said a man's voice.

'Marcus'

'OK Marcus. If you are carrying, I suggest that you lock it 
in the glove compartment. If I find anything on you, you 
are a dead man. Understand?' said the voice. 'Oh, and that 
goes for the woman too'

Marcus cursed under his breath and pulled a P228 Sig Sauer 
pistol from a pancake holster in his waistband and placed 
it carefully in the glove compartment. Sandy noted that he 
did not lock it as the voice had instructed.

Sandy followed Marcus into the house. A dark haired woman 
searched them both carefully before allowing them further 
inside. The man stood to one side with a short barreled 
revolver in his hand. The woman took pains not to step into 
his line of fire while searching them. The pistol 
disappeared under the man's jacket when the girl declared 
the both of them 'clean'.

'I'm Jack and this is Gloria' said the man, waving his hand 
in the direction of his female companion. 'I'm sorry about 
the search and the gun, but there are certain "risks" in my 
line of business. I am sure that you understand'

Marcus smiled genially and the two men shook hands. Jack 
led them into the living room and gave them beers. Sandy 
was relieved that they would not have to gulp down bourbon 
by the glass as in the movies.

Jack put his arm around Gloria's waist as she stood beside 
his chair. He openly ogled Sandy's thighs, making her feel 
like a piece of merchandise.

'What do you think of Gloria here?' asked Jack. 'She's new. 
I just got her a week ago, but I think that I have broken 
her in nicely'

Marcus imitated Jack's meat market stare and grinned. 'Very 
nice'

'Of course, when she first arrived, Gloria was a bit 
naughty; weren't you Gloria?' he asked, turning to the dark 
haired woman.

'Yes Jack' she replied cautiously.

Marcus tried to move onto business. 'Speaking of new girls, 
I thought that you had some new stuff for sale'

However, Jack refused to be rushed. 'Plenty of time for 
that later' he replied. 'Lets get to know each other first'

Marcus forced himself to relax and smile. 'Sure thing'

'Where was I?' said Jack. 'Oh yes, naughty Gloria! But she 
soon learned her place, didn't you?'

'Yes Jack'

'And you are a good, obedient girl now aren't you?' said  
Jack, his tone getting more insistent.

'Yes Jack'

'Would you like to show Marcus just how obedient you are?' 

Gloria hesitated for a second before replying 'Yes Jack'.

Jack did not miss the hesitation, and he glared briefly at 
the hapless woman. 'Well?'

Gloria wore a loose T-shirt over a pair of black, sequin 
studded jeans and cowboy boots. With a supple movement of 
her arms, she pulled her T-shirt up and off, baring the 
upper half of her body. She was not wearing a bra, and her 
large breasts wobbled freely. After laying her shirt on the 
back of Jack's chair, Gloria put her feet together and her 
hands on the top of her head. 'Please smack my titties 
Jack' she said in a husky, inviting tone of voice.

Jack grinned and pulled his belt out of the loops of his 
pants. 'That sounds like a good idea'

Sandy watched in fascinated horror as Jack proceeded to 
whip Gloria's breasts with his belt, gripping the buckle 
firmly in his fist. The leather struck Gloria's soft 
breasts with a loud 'Splat!', each blow leaving a sharp 
edged red mark on her skin. Jack struck with skill, 
alternating from one breast to the other and seldom hitting 
the same spot twice in a row. Where the red marks crossed, 
a deep red weal formed, the flesh at that spot swelling 
angrily.

Sandy was amazed by Gloria's fortitude, as she remained 
absolutely still while Jack viciously thrashed her tender 
breasts. Once he had thoroughly reddened both globes, Jack 
concentrated on Gloria's nipples, snapping the leather 
strap with jerks of his wrist so that the tip cracked 
across a nipple with tremendous force.

When Jack finally stopped, Gloria's nipples were bloodied 
and swollen. Both Marcus and Sandy gaped at the scene in 
amazement, as neither had expected this kind of display. 
What was even more surprising was the fact the Gloria did 
not look terribly distressed. She was obviously in a lot of 
pain, but she was smiling in satisfaction at the same time. 
The uncertainty and reluctance were gone and the woman 
fairly radiated sexual heat. Sandy realised that the couple 
had been playing a sexual game and that Gloria had wanted 
to be beaten all along. This knowledge started the heat 
rising in Sandy's own loins, but at the same time increased 
her concern for Angela.




Chapter Four.

Jack threaded his belt back into his trousers and sat down, 
grinning in satisfaction. Gloria perched on the arm of his 
chair, her arm around Jack's shoulders. Her bright red 
breasts seemed to glow with heat. Patting Gloria on the 
thigh possessively, Jack turned to Marcus. 'What do you 
think?'

Marcus nodded in approval. 'You have got yourself a good 
girl there'

'When I got her, she wouldn't even give head and had never 
been spanked' said Jack. 'After a little training, I've 
made her into one hot mama. I was looking forward to 
starting on that new girl soon; unless we come to an 
arrangement'. Before Marcus could follow up on those words, 
Jack turned to look at Sandy, and a trace of the hard eyed 
criminal returned to his expression. 'Is she one of yours?'

Marcus reached out to hold Sandy's hand, squeezing it 
warningly. 'Yes. I've had her for a month now and I am 
quite pleased with her progress'. Marcus had to force 
himself to stay casual at Jack's mention of a 'new girl'. 
This was the first confirmation from Jack that Angela might 
still be nearby.

'Do you use the a belt on her too?' asked Jack.

Marcus shook his head. 'I am the old fashioned type. I 
prefer a proper whip'. Seeing Jack nod in encouragement, 
Marcus felt obliged to elaborate. 'For the latest training 
session, I had her strung up and spread eagled. It is 
beautiful to watch the whip wrap itself around her body, 
whirling faster and faster until the tip bites into her 
skin'

Sandy was stunned to hear these words coming from Marcus. 
Surely it could not be possible? Was Marcus her electronic 
friend Master X? 'Yes, I am learning to enjoy the pain' she 
commented, squeezing Marcus' hand in return. 'Remember how 
you wrapped the whip around my hips and caught my pussy 
with the tip? I almost came right then'.

It was Marcus' turn to stare when he realised that Sandy 
was his favorite 'victim'. 'Yes, I remember' he replied, 
letting his tone of voice and his gaze tell her that he 
recognised her too.

Sandy's heart danced in her chest and she felt like 
shouting with glee. The nightmare of Marcus' accusing face 
and the fear of hearing him call her a pervert faded into 
mist. He understood!

Marcus decided that they had discovered enough. He did not 
want to put Sandy at risk or to subject her to some 
humiliating show. He started to stand up, saying 'Look here 
Jack, this has been fun, but I came here to do business. If 
you can't deliver the goods, then I think that I should be 
going'. The sight of Jack's gun made him freeze, and then 
sink slowly back into his seat.

'This is not a supermarket. You don't just walk in here, 
poke around and walk back out again' said Jack grimly, 
placing his pistol carefully on the table. 'If you can 
satisfy me that you are legit, then we will do business. If 
not, then you are going to suffer an unfortunate accident 
and Sandy here will compensate me for my wasted time'

Marcus held his hands up, palms outward. 'O.K. Jack. No 
need to get excited. We will do it your way. What do you 
want?'

Jack replied, 'So far Sandy has not done anything that 
proves that she is one of the girls except to flash her 
thighs. She could be Mother Superior of the local convent 
for all I know!'

'I don't have my whip with me' said Marcus, playing for 
time, his eyes on the gun.

Jack frowned suspiciously.

Sandy realised that Marcus was trying to shield her. She 
also realised that if they did not satisfy Jack soon 
something bad was going to happen. She turned to Marcus and 
said 'You have not inspected my nipples since you pierced 
them the other day. Maybe Jack would like to see how they 
came out'

Marcus turned his head to look at Sandy and he mouthed 
'Nipples?' silently, his eyebrows raised. He saw Sandy give 
a tiny nod and decided that she knew what she was doing. 
Turning back to Jack, he smiled and shrugged. 'Why not?'

Sandy stood up and pushed the spaghetti straps of her dress 
off of her shoulders. She slipped her thumbs under the 
built-in cups and peeled the clinging black cotton from her 
chest and down towards her waist, baring her breasts. The 
delicate glittering platinum rings with their tiny inset 
diamonds sparkled, framed by the darker red of her 
aureoles. Sandy's nipples were already hard and she 
displayed them proudly, placing her hands behind her neck.

This was the first time that Marcus had seen Sandy's 
breasts and he was rendered breathless from seeing them in 
such a dramatic manner. He stood up and went to her side. 
Gently, he lifted one of the rings with his fingers, 
feeling the warmth of her body in the metal. He heard Sandy 
whisper 'Go ahead'.

Marcus started to pull the ring away from Sandy's chest, 
stretching her pierced nipple and then pulling the breast 
itself into a teardrop shape. He twisted the ring, winding 
the captive flesh of her nipple into a crinkled spiral and 
drawing a hiss of pain from Sandy. He held the painful grip 
for ten seconds before suddenly releasing the ring, letting 
Sandy's flesh snap back into it's smooth natural shape.

Sandy offered her other nipple by turning her shoulders 
slightly, and watched as Marcus repeated the process on the 
second breast. When he had finished, her nipples were even 
more swollen than before and Sandy could feel that her skin 
had been slightly torn by the piercing metal.

Marcus turned back to Jack, a carefully assumed expression 
of boredom on his face. 'Satisfied?' he asked.

Jack sneered. 'That was pretty, but it did not prove a 
thing. I bet even Gloria's grandmother has nipple rings 
these days, and how do I know that you were the one who did 
the piercing?'

As Sandy pulled the top of her dress back into place, she 
saw Marcus' fist clench in anger. She knew that while he 
might not have any problem with whipping her, she also knew 
that Marcus would not do so just to entertain Jack'. If she 
did not do something, Marcus was going to try and grab 
Jack's gun and something told her that Jack was waiting for 
that to happen. Suddenly, it all came to her, and she knew 
just what she had to do.

'Oh all right!' said Sandy, in a huffy tone of voice. 'I 
was going to give you a surprise with this Marcus, but 
since Jack wants to see me show off so badly, I might as 
well do it now!"

'Do what?' said Marcus and Jack at the same time, sounding 
like a comedy chorus.

'May I get some stuff from my bag?' asked Sandy. When Jack 
nodded after first placing his hand over his gun, Sandy 
opened her handbag and dug around in it for a moment. 
Finally, she set the things that she wanted on the table 
top and closed the bag. She arranged the items neatly in a 
straight line and grinned triumphantly. On the table lay a 
large darning needle in a tiny cylindrical plastic case 
which came from the emergency sewing kit that she always 
carried in her handbag, a small plastic bottle of 
antiseptic solution that was a remnant of her nipple 
piercing, a small gold ring that was twisted into an open 
spiral, which had originally adorned her nipple and 
finally, the single gold stud that she had removed from her 
ear earlier that evening.

'I saw how much you liked having my nipples pierced, so I 
thought that as a surprise, I would pierce my pussy for you 
when we went to bed tonight' said Sandy, enjoying the look 
of shock on Marcus' face. 'Now if everyone will take a 
seat, the show will begin!'

Sandy kicked off her shoes and then hiked the hem of her 
short dress up over her hips, exposing the black lace g-
string that she had worn for the occasion. She did not 
allow herself time to be embarrassed about exposing herself 
in front of total strangers, and pulled the tiny lace 
garment off, letting it slide down her thighs and onto the 
floor. The black lace strip that had run between her legs 
glistened with her juices and she knew that when she spread 
her legs everyone would be able to see how much the events 
of the night had excited her.

After making sure that all her gear was within easy reach, 
Sandy sat down on the edge of her chair, leaned back and 
lifted her legs up, hooking her knees over the arm rests. 
Her pussy was turned upwards by the extreme posture and 
every part of her sex was clearly visible to the two men 
and the other woman in the room.

Picking up the antiseptic solution, she applied it to the 
needle, the ring and the stud, before spreading generous 
amounts over both sides of the spot on her labia that she 
had chosen to pierce. She had never tried anything like 
this before, and she hoped that she would be able to stand 
the pain without making a fool of herself and possibly 
getting Marcus and herself killed.

Sandy picked up the needle with her right hand. Just 
looking at the sharp silver point made the flesh of her 
labia tingle and the muscles of her vagina contract. With 
her free hand, she pinched up her labia and pulled it taut, 
the sharp sting of the pinch making her toes clench. There 
was absolute silence in the room as Sandy place the tip of 
the needle against the centre of the stretched out sex lip. 
Clenching her teeth, she pushed the sliver of metal firmly 
against her flesh. A sharp, biting pain shot through her, 
and the labia stretched away from the needle, forming a 
tiny tent of skin. The pain grew and grew as she felt the 
skin pop and the point penetrate her flesh. Unlike the 
quick and relatively painless piercing of her ears and her 
nipples, this slow, deliberate penetration hurt a lot, and 
her nerves screamed for her to pull the needle out. 
Instead, she pushed even harder and with a second tiny 
'pop' the point of the needle shot through the skin on the 
other side, leaving her labia impaled on the shiny steel of 
the darning needle. To her relief, the pain practically 
disappeared once the point had completed it's journey 
through her flesh. Sandy felt a flash of intense pride and 
congratulated herself on her bravery.

Pausing for a short rest, Sandy eyes met Marcus' and she 
smiled when he gave her a quick wink. Unlike the heavy 
gauge hypodermic needle that many people used for this kind 
of piercing, Sandy knew that the darning needle was too 
small to make a proper hole and that she would have to 
enlarge it with the stem of the gold stud. Picking up the 
stud, she removed the fastener and placed it carefully on 
the table.

Resuming her position, Sandy carefully pulled out the 
needle and stretched out her labia once more. A tiny drop 
of blood glistened on the skin around the hole. The stalk 
of the gold stud was many times thicker than the needle and 
it's point was blunt. Placing the tip of the stalk on the 
bloody entrance wound, Sandy began to push and gently twist 
the golden metal shaft against her taut labia. The flesh of 
her labia began to stretch out more and more as she tried 
to force the blunt shaft through the tiny opening made by 
the needle. Mentally, Sandy went 'Yeowwww!' as the gold 
spike ripped and stretched the wound, forcing itself 
through her labia. The pain was really bad, making her want 
to pee as her body shook with the agony. Sandy concentrated 
her mind solely on that point of shooting pain, allowing 
the burning sensation to flow through her mind and body, 
until it almost felt like a warm, comforting flame. The 
heat built ever higher, until she thought that she was 
going to have to scream out loud, until suddenly her aching 
fingers felt the tiny jerk that indicated that the stud had 
burst its way through her flesh to rest snugly against the 
side of her labia. Sandy gasped in relief, as she admired 
the new piece of jewelry that she had just acquired.

The pain did not end there, as the stud had not cleanly 
pierced her labia but merely stretched the skin and flesh 
around the original wound. But when Marcus knelt at her 
side, whispered 'Well done' and kissed her forehead, the 
throbbing ache between her legs became a beacon of triumph. 
Through the pain, she could even feel the start of a 
different kind of heat in her pussy that throbbed in 
sympathy and generated it's own kind of lotion, running 
down her inner thigh and staining the fabric of the seat.

Sandy turned to Jack and said 'Give me a moment and you can 
help me take this stud out and insert the pussy ring'

Jack nodded eagerly and Marcus knew that the kidnapper was 
convinced of their bona fides. 'Hey Jack, can we please do 
some business now?' he said, keeping his voice calm and 
bored.

Jack grinned and reached into his pocket. Pulling out a 
key, he tossed it to Gloria, saying 'Go get Angela so that 
Marcus can inspect the merchandise'. Then he knelt down 
between Sandy's thighs to play with the blood stained stud, 
offering to apply some of the antiseptic on the bleeding 
wound.

The sound of two pairs of feet came from the corridor and 
Gloria returned, dragging a teenage girl that both Marcus 
and Sandy recognised at once as their Angela. 
Unfortunately, Angela recognised Sandy as well. Desperately 
happy to see a friendly face, she wailed 'Sandy! Help me! I 
wanna go home!'

Jack's eyes widened in shock when he heard his captive cry 
out Sandy's name. He realised that he had been tricked and 
started to turn and reach for his pistol. However, Sandy 
had been given the advantage of seeing Angela over Jack's 
shoulder and she realised what was about to happen a split 
second before the happily engrossed Jack could react. Sandy 
let her legs drop off the chair, wrapping them around 
Jack's upper arms. The pain of crushing her wounded pussy 
against Jack's chest made her yell, but she still had the 
presence of mind to pick up the half empty bottle of beer 
at her side and to club him over the head.

Brought up on a staple diet of TV shows, Sandy was 
surprised when the bottle did not shatter dramatically, but 
instead, bounced off the top of Jack's skull with a loud, 
hollow 'Bonk!'. Jack shouted in pain and struggled even 
harder against her pinning thighs. Panicked, Sandy brought 
the bottle down on Jack's head a second time, gripped in 
both hands. This time, the blow was hard enough to 
thoroughly stun the kidnapper, who sagged limply to the 
floor.

In the meantime, Marcus was wrestling with a furious Gloria 
for possession of Jack's gun. When she broke free of his 
grip and dived for the pistol, Marcus assisted her downward 
movement by shoving her hard in the back. Gloria slammed 
into the table. With both hands outstretched and reaching 
for the gun, she was unable to save herself from smashing 
face first into the solid wood. The table collapsed under 
the unconscious woman and Marcus neatly scooped up the 
pistol.

With the resilience of youth, Angela had recovered 
sufficiently from her ordeal to clap in excitement as the 
bad guys were put down. Suddenly, she noticed Sandy's new 
jewelry. 'Hey Sandy, I see you got yourself a new stud' she 
said grinning and giving Sandy a thumbs up.

Grinning from ear to ear in relief, Sandy looked towards 
Marcus who was smiling at her as well. Sandy nodded, 
recalling the first words that she had used in reference to 
Marcus. 'Yes. I think that you're right Angela. I most 
definitely have found myself a new stud!'.

Angela shook her head in confusion when the couple burst 
out laughing. There was no understanding these old folks!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verywierd


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





