BDSM Library - The Daughter And Her Loving Parents




The Daughter And Her Loving Parents
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jimmy is introduced to his girlfriend Gina's parents for a weekend. It turns out that her parents were really open minded when it came down to sex and they surprised Jimmy over and over again.
THE DAUGHTER AND HER LOVING PARENTS
(F+/M, Incest, WaterSport)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

From the first minute I met Gina I thought I was the happiest man in the world. This girl was 
smart, funny, pretty and with a huge taste of sex. I've dated other girls before but no one like 
her. The first two months we fucked two or three times each day and I don't understand how 
we could have time for anything else. We started in the morning with a morning fuck, then we 
did it again after work and we settled the day with the third time. Even when she had her 
period we made it in the shower, she was really turned on by it. 

As for most girls the mother is important and that was also the case with Gina. Still I didn't 
understand in what way. She told me that Maria, her mother, had taught her how to enjoy sex. 
I thought that was nice with a mother telling her daughter about relations, having sex and not 
getting pregnant. That was what I expected from Gina and her mother. Her father was also 
important for her, as the one being there for her if she were hurt.

After the first two months Gina and I decided to introduce me to her parents. I really felt that 
Gina was the woman in my life and I was looking forward to it. It was an eight hour drive to 
get there, so we arranged to get the Friday off to be able to be there for dinner. We were both 
nervous of what her parents would think of me, but at the same it felt good. To be able to keep 
up with our frequency of sexual activities, we had to stop along the way for some backseat 
fucking. It was hard to find a place to be on our own, but in the end we found one. I parked 
the car and went to backseat, pulled of my pants. Gina took of her cloths and stared to ride 
me like I was her horse. It didn't take long until I came, which made Gina disappointed. To 
give her an orgasm I started to play with her clit and within a couple of minutes she came. By 
then we realised that we had no paper in the car to clean up her pussy and the cum that started 
to drip from it. I knew that she didn't want a cum filled pussy when we arrived at her parents, 
so I suggested that I could lick her clean. Gina smiled when she heard my suggestion and 
moved up to my face and I opened my mouth. I have licked many pussies in my life but never 
a pussy that I had filled. It didn't taste much, instead it was just messy. Her pussy tasted of 
course like I expected it to and that was something that I loved. After licking her clean, she 
got of my face and gave me a kiss. 

We arrive at her parent's house later that day and her parents had been waiting for us. I had 
seen the pictures of them and they looked like I expected. Her mother, Marie, was a really 
fresh woman aged 45, with brown hair, brown eyes and C-cup firm tits. Her father, Steve, was 
also very handsome and slim and in the same age as her mother. When we got of the car they 
came over to us and Gina's ma gave her first a big hug and then she came over to me.
- So here's the gentleman that we've heard about. I hope he is as good as you have told me.
She looked at Gina and then she gave me a big hug, kissed me on the cheek and touched my 
butt. I wasn't prepared for that and started to blush. Then Gina's father came over to me.
- Take it easy Marie, he said as he laughed at her. You will have a lot of this gentleman this 
weekend. Welcome to our home Jimmy, I hope you will enjoy this as much as we do.

Gina and I went inside of their house, which was very nice. They had a large kitchen and 
living room downstairs together with two small rooms they used as their office. Upstairs Gina 
had her old bedroom, her parents had their room on the other side and there was also two 
other spare rooms they didn't use at the moment together with a bathroom. It was a nice house. 
I started to bring in our bags from the car while Gina talked to her parents in private. When I 
was done, I went downstairs and joined them. After a while we both went upstairs to Gina's 
room to get some time of our own, before it was time for dinner. We decided to change our 
cloths after the ride, to be fresh for dinner. Like always we saw an opportunity to have sex, so 
I stripped her and myself in no time, showed her to the window to fuck her from behind. She 
was great fucking from behind, as she got so wild of doing it. Every time she started to 
scream load and so she did this time too. I went on for quite some time and when I finally 
came, Gina had had two orgasms already. Afterward I realised that her parents might have 
heard us, but I forgot about it right away.

We went down later and we had a great dinner and excellent wine with her parents. They told 
me stories about Gina growing up and finally we came to the boyfriend side. That made me 
very curious and I realised that she had only had 3 boyfriends that her parents had met, 
which was the same that she had told me before. I never got to know how long, when and how 
it ended. During the dinner I felt a leg touching mine of and on, getting closer and closer to my 
dick and when I looked I realised it was Marie's leg playing with me. I looked up and she just 
smiled at me and touched her tits with joy.

After the dinner Marie asked her husband to clear the dining table while she ordered me and 
Gina to join her in the living room. We sat down on the safa with Gina on one side of me 
and her ma on the other. Right away they put their hands on my knees while they started to 
talk. I had nowhere to go so I just went along sitting there, listening to them. A bit later Gina's 
pa came in and sat down on a chair in front of us, smiling as he saw the ladies sitting there with 
me in the middle. I couldn't help myself getting a hard-on when the touched me slowly and 
both of them noticed it. Gina leaned also over to me and said:
- I can feel how horny you are, you should know that I really would like to fuck you here and 
now.
I smiled at her as a response and she returned my smile. A little bit later we turned on the TV 
and started to watch a film that was both romantic and erotic. This turned Gina on and she 
took my hand and but it between her legs, making me play with her pussy outside of her 
dress. With her mother on the other side, still with the hand placed on my knee, I tried my 
best to please Gina. I only played with her to make her feel good, without giving her an 
orgasm. At the same time her ma moved her hand between my legs touching my hard-on dick. 
After a while she leaned back and whispered:
- I can feel that you've got a real piece of equipment down here. I hope you are giving my 
daughter the best treatment in the world with it.
- I can promise you that she is in safe hands. I whispered as a reply.

When the film was over me and Gina went upstairs to the bedroom. We were both so turned 
on by now that we couldn't wait to get to the bed before we started fucking and we got down on 
the floor as soon as we had closed the door. We both came in no time and moved over to the 
bed and started to touch each other and soon we were fucking for the forth time of the day. 
Then we fell asleep.

In the morning I woke up with a need to pee, so I slipped out of the bed and sneaked into the 
bathroom. As I thought I was the only awake, I never thought about anyone else being up. 
Instead I sat down on the toilet chair relaxing, but all of a sudden the curtain to the shower 
opened up. Right in front of me was Gina's ma all naked, with a towel in her hand and all of 
her naked body wet. She stepped out of the shower and turned against me so I had her pussy 
right in front of my face and looking up I could se her beautiful tits.
- Good morning my dear. She said.
- Oh I'm sorry, I didn't hear anyone else. I replied.
- No worry dear, she continued. It is nice to have a private conversation with you, but can you 
help with my back first. She turned around and leaned forward so I had her ass in my face 
instead. I took her towel and helped her but before I stopped, she turned around and said. 
- And help with my pussy too.
I did as she said, being unprepared for the situation. Then she continued.
- Now you can get up, if you're done dear. I must thank you very much for you company 
yesterday evening. It is very nice sitting close to a young handsome man like you.
- You're welcome. It was an excellent dinner you served too. I replied as I got up from the toilet 
chair but now I realised that I had sneaked out of the bedroom without any underwear. So I was 
standing there naked in front of her and she put her hand on my shoulder moving it over my 
chest. 
- This is really a pretty boy my daughter has found for herself. 
She continued moving her hand over my chest and I couldn't help myself getting a semi hard-
on dick. She smiled when she saw that before she said:
- What do you think about my daughter, isn't she great.
- Oh yes she is wonderful, I answered.
- I hope she is performing well in bed too. We really have tried to teach her to enjoy sex, 
both giving and taking.
- I can promise you that she's best girl I've had, I replied immediately with a smile.
- Good, keep up with that. 
She ended the conversation letting her hand fall from my chest down to my dick and then she 
touched it gently. I had a real hard-on now, but I walked slowly out of the bathroom in a very 
confused mood.

When I came back to the bedroom, Gina was naked. She saw that I had a hard-on and she 
smiled. I jumped into bed and decided to tell her about what had just happened.
- Gina, I don't know how to tell you this but I must do it. I stopped for a second before I 
continued. When I sneaked out to the bathroom to pee, I didn't know that your ma had just 
taken a shower. Before I knew it she was standing there in front of me all naked.
- That's now problem Jimmy. Doesn't she have a great body? Gina asked me.
- Oh yes she's got a great body I answered. Then I started again. It is not just that. She asked 
me to help getting her back dry and then she turned around so I could do the same with her 
pussy.
- So what about that, Gina answered. I know how much you like to pussies, I hope you liked it. 
Gina laughed at me.
- Well it's more to it, I kept going. I think your mother made a move on me. You know I had no 
underwear on me when I went to the bathroom and she started to touch me, from my 
shoulders, over my chest and in the end she touched my dick.
- Oh Jimmy. You are real stallion, tempting my ma like that. I can see that she got you turned 
on too. She took my dick in her hand and laughed. I think I want some more of it before it's too 
late.
Gina rolled over me and put my dick in her pussy and before I knew she started move so it 
slipped in and out. I don't know for how long we fucked, but I was puzzled with Gina's 
reaction. At the same time I was relieved that it tended not to be a problem.

After our morning sex, we got dressed and went downstairs for diner. Both Gina's ma and pa 
were sitting by the table having their breakfast. We said good morning and then Gina's ma 
said:
- I ran in to your boyfriend in the bathroom this morning. It's a handsome man you got over 
there.
- Yes, he told me. Gina answered. He also said that you've got a great body, now that he had 
the chance to see you naked.
- Oh thank you. She turned against me laughing. Well he's got a great body too, especially his 
hard-on dick.
- Well it knows how to find its way into my pussy, was Gina's reply. Now her pa came into the 
conversation. 
- We heard that several times yesterday. When you got to bed both your ma and me were so 
turned that we had to fuck on the safa where the two of you had been sitting.
I said nothing, just surprised of how open they could discuss something like this. We ended 
our breakfast and then we went to the city for the day. 

It was a nice trip and we returned to her parent's house later that day. We walked up to her 
room, opened a bottle of wine and relaxed on the bed. After a while Gina asked me to go to 
the kitchen and bring us some water. I had no problems with that, so I walked slowly down. 
Before I went in, I heard her parents being there. I glanced in and saw that they were both 
naked at the kitchen table and I could hear them talking to each other.
- Now turn around dear, her pa said. Turn around so I can fuck your pretty pussy.
- Oh yes dear I will. She turned around and leaned forward on the table.
- Close your eyes and pretend that I am Jimmy. He waited a second, before he continued. 
Who am I?
- You're Jimmy, she said while he started to fuck her from behind.
- Louder dear, who am I. 
- You're Jimmy, she screamed louder. You're my daughter beautiful boyfriend Jimmy 
fucking my pussy. Please don't stop, fuck me harder, she continued.
I couldn't believe my eyes and my ears. Here Gina's ma and pa were playing that I was 
fucking her and they both enjoyed it. Still I was turned on of what they did. When I heard that 
they were close to come, I sneaked up to the bedroom without the water I was supposed to 
bring with me. 

Back in the bedroom I walked over to Gina, whom was lying on the bed. 
- Where's the water, she asked.
- Well I couldn't get it. You know your parents were fucking in kitchen and I didn't want to 
go in there and disturb them.
- But you must have watched them do it, as it took so long. Gina said again smiling.
- Yes and there is more to it than that, I answered. They played a role play where your ma 
pretended that I was fucking her and it was your pa telling her to scream out my name while 
he fucked her from behind.
- That's great Jimmy, Gina said. You have really made an impression on them and gave me an 
idea. Take your cloths off dear.
We took both of our cloths off and went back into bed. I thought we were about to fuck a little 
bit to spend our time before the dinner. Gina got down beside me instead and said.
- Now it's time for us to have a little bit of role play. Pretend that I am my mother and I am 
going to have a 69 with you now.
- But Gina I can't, was my reply. 
- That was no question, she said again. Close your eyes and say my name.
I closed my eyes and said
- Oh Gina.
She stopped and said with a firm voice.
- No Jimmy, pretend I am my ma and say my name.
- Marie, you're Marie. I whispered.
- Good boy. 
Then she turned around and got on top of me, so I had her pussy in my face and she started to 
suck and play with my dick.
- Now say my name, dear. Gina commanded.
- You're Marie, You're Gina's ma sucking my dick and I can see your hairy tasty pussy. 
- Again dear, but louder so I can hear you. Gina went on. And let me feel that you really enjoy 
it. Gina continued to suck my dick and play it with her hand off and on.
- Ah you're Marie. I screamed out. Don't stop, don't stop, Ah. You're Gina's pretty ma, with 
those pretty tits and great pussy. I went on and on while Gina played with me. I got closer and 
closer to come and then I shot my load all over her face and in her hair. Gina just laughed and 
said:
- You crazy animal. You couldn't hold it back. Now I'm going to ride your face so I hope you 
can hold your breath long enough for me to come. 
She got up and sat on my face and I pulled out my tongue so I could touch her clit. Then she 
let her weight all over me so I could hardly breathe and slowly she started to move. She 
started slow and then faster and faster until she had her orgasm. At the same time that it was 
hard to do this for me, I still enjoyed it. Afterwards she turned around, got down by my side 
and gave me a kiss. There was still some cum in her face and in her hair, but I didn't bother.

I don't know for how long we were sleeping, but I woke up with Gina's ma sitting on the side 
of the bed.
- Hi lovebirds, she said. I can see that you have had a pleasant stay so far.
- Hi Ma, Gina answered as she woke up. What are you doing here?
- I just wanted to look up on you, I thought I heard Jimmy calling my name so I just wanted to 
know if you needed anything.
I was embarrassed of what we did just before and I had no intention telling her anything. Gina 
instead was open minded like always and said:
- Oh, That was nothing. It was just Jimmy and me playing and we pretended that you were 
sucking his dick while he really enjoyed it.
Gina sat herself up in the bed, close to her ma.
- What's this dear, Gina's ma asked Gina touching her hair and Gina replied: 
- Well Jimmy came before I could take his dick in my mouth, so it came all over my face and 
in my hair. That's no problem it goes away when I am washing my hair.
- Yes I know, Gina's ma answered. Now she saw Gina's tits and touched them gently. You 
really have nice tits, it nice to touch them. Don't you think so Jimmy? She turned to me and I 
nodded.
- Oh Jimmy, you also said that ma's tits where pretty when I sucked your brains out.
- Yes they are too, I answered a little bit shy.
- Well you're both welcome down for dinner within an hour. Is that time enough for you?
We both agreed and Gina's ma left the room. Gina got up right away to get dressed and I 
followed after her.

One hour later we got downstairs. Gina's parents had been cooking and they served us a drink 
as a starter. Then we sat down and had a dinner with lots of wine. Most of the time Gina's 
parents talked about their daughter and how she was when she grew up. By the end of the 
dinner Gina's ma turned to her pa and said:
- Dear, Will you make the dishes while we get into the living room?
- Yes dear, as you wish. He responded and started to clear the table.
We got into the living room and like last night we sat down on the coach with Gina on one 
side and her ma on the other. After a while her pa interrupted us by serving us drinks and then 
he returned to the kitchen. Finally when he was done he sat down beside Gina's ma and took 
her hand. We talked for a little while before Gina's ma said:
- I think it's time for dancing, don't you think so Gina. I would really like to dance with this 
young man.
Gina nodded and turned on some music and we all started dancing. First I danced together 
with Gina's ma and Gina with her pa. The first songs were fast and I enjoyed it and then came 
a slow song where Gina's ma took her opportunity to be close to me. All through the song she 
touched my neck, back and my butt gently while she licked my ear. I couldn't see if Gina 
noticed what was going on, still so far she hadn't reacted on her ma's behaviour. I had of 
course a real hard on that Gina's ma noticed and she tried to get as close as ever possible to 
me. A new slow song came after that, but now she handed me over to Gina. 
- This is a nice boy, darling. She said. He's really hard now as you can see. Then she took her 
hand and put it outside of my trousers over my dick.
Gina and I started to dance and Gina was really turned on now. We were both drunk and 
couldn't keep from kissing while we danced. After two more slow songs, Gina's ma came up 
behind her daughter and whispered something. Gina laughed and nodded, before her ma said.
- Jimmy, I think it is time for my daughter to ride you like a real horse.  She turned to Gina's 
pa. Steve can you remove everything from the dining table so they can get started.
Gina's pa removed everything from the table while Gina and her ma undressed me and placed 
me on the table. Then Gina took off her cloths and climbed up on the table, while her ma held 
her hand. Slowly she sat down on top of me and then she said.
- Ma, can you help put his dick in pussy?
Gina's ma took the dick and put it in the pussy. Gina started to move up and down starting 
slowly. After a while she moveed forwards and backwards so she could feel my dick inside of 
her pussy. This turned her on and she started to move faster and every time I slipped out of 
her pussy, her ma took my dick in her hand and made sure that I got back into the pussy. 
Meanwhile I noticed a smell that I realised was from her pa's dick. He was standing beside us 
doing a hand job, as he was turned on by us fucking. We got closer to the end and when I 
came, I could fell something wet on my belly. It was her pa that came all over me and I saw 
both Gina and her ma laughing. Gina's ma helped her daughter down from the table, then she 
licked the cum off my belly. By now Gina had her dress on and when I climbed down from 
the table she put on my trousers without any underwear and I was only allowed to put my 
shirt on. 

I thought it was over by now, but instead Gina gave me a hug and whispered
- I want you to take ma for a slow dance. You know she really fancy you.
Like I was commanded by Gina I asked her ma to dance with me. Of course she wants me to 
do that and we started to dance. Like before she knew how to tease me and I had a hard-on in 
no time. After a couple of dances Gina came up behind me, took my hands and moved her ma 
around so I had her back against me. Then she placed one hand on her one of her tits and the 
other she pushed down to her pussy. 
- Now make her enjoy you and let her come dear. I want you to do that for me. Gina 
whispered.
Gina went back to the sofa and I started to play with her ma. She started to mown and tried 
to hold me anyway she could. At the same time I touched her all over and I let one hand go 
down to her pussy. I couldn't get a good grip, so I lifted up her dress to get to the inside. By 
now I realised that she had nothing underneath and she was all wet. The more I played with 
her, the harder it was for her to keep standing and in the end I held her at the same time that I 
played with her. She came with a load scream and when I looked up, I noticed that both Gina 
and her pa were playing with themselves. I let Gina's ma go and I sat down beside Gina, she 
gave me her pussy drowned fingers to lick. Gina's ma went over to her pa and started to suck 
him. Now I and Gina were watching her parents having sex right in front of us. It took a while 
until she could take his load in her mouth, but she didn't spill a bit. Then she got over to us 
and gave me a kiss, with her cum filled mouth.

This evening had been a real adventure for us so far. After what just happened, we all relaxed 
for an hour or two. Then Gina started to play with me again and I was turned on by that. We 
decided to go upstairs and this time we hardly made it into her bedroom before we started to 
fuck. Gina can sometime be loud when I play with her but this time she really screamed. I was 
certain that her parents could hear us but I didn't bother after what had happened so far. We 
kept on for quite a while before we both were satisfied. 

Next morning I woke up with an urgent need to go to pee. My experience from the morning 
before was to take my underwear on and look carefully into the bathroom before I went in. No 
one but me was awake so I sat down on the toilet chair and started to pee. Just when I started 
the door was opened and in came Gina's ma all naked.
- Oh, I am sorry Jimmy to interrupt you but I really have to go. 
She said that as she came over to me in a hurry. Before I knew it she sat down on my lap 
turned against me, took her hands and spread my legs so she could aim between them and 
then I felt a warm stream against my dick. I had her tits right in front of me and she noticed 
that I watched them, so she took my head and pushed it to one of her tits so I could suck it. 
When both of us had emptied our bladders, Gina's ma got up and looked at me and then she 
said.
- Oh boy, I guess you're all wet over you dick now. I think I have to clean you up. Stand up 
and I will help you.
I got up while she got down on her knees and then she started to lick my piss drained dick. 
She never took it in her mouth, like it was something that belonged to her daughter. Then she 
got up and gave me a kiss, turned around and left the bathroom. I couldn't believe what had 
happened, but I decided to go to Gina and tell her right away.

When I got into Gina's bedroom, she was awake. As I came over to the bed, she smiled and 
said.
- You're a real charming and mysterious guy. I heard ma leaving the bathroom just before you 
returned to me. Did she make move on you this morning too?
I realised that I only could tell her the truth.
- Well I guess she made more than a move. While I was sitting on the toilet chair, she came 
over, sat on my lap and pissed on my dick. Then she licked my dick clean afterwards.
- Oh Jimmy, that was a kinky thing to do, Gina replied. Still I guess you liked, I mean getting 
pissed at. I know there is one thing that I have wanted to do for a long time but I haven't 
found the right moment. If you really love me, then you must show it by doing as I tell you to.
Gina got out of the bed and over to a table across the room. There she picked up a wineglass 
with just a little bit of wine left in the bottom. Then she returned to the bed, placed one foot on 
the bed, spreading her legs and holding the glass in front of her pussy. Within seconds she 
started to pee in the glass, but stopped before it was full. Now she sat down in front of me on 
the bed, with the glass in her hand. She looked at me and said.
- I want you to drink my wine, dear. Then she tried to give me the glass and I rejected.
- I can't Gina, this is too much for me. 
Gina took the glass, put it to her lips and started to drink it. I saw how she swallowed with 
joy. Then she stopped when she had come half the way. She leaned over to me and gave me a 
kiss. I opened my mouth and realised that she had kept some pee in her mouth for me. After 
that I took the glass and emptied it. Now she got up in front of me and filled the glass again, 
but this time I had to take all of it. This went on for another two glasses before she had 
nothing left in her bladder. She finished it all with a deep kiss that went on for several 
minutes. This must really had been something she had wanted to do, because she was really 
turned on afterwards.

We stayed in bed for another hour, before we decided to get down for breakfast. We both 
went to the bathroom first to get washed up, especially after our recent morning game. As we 
went downstairs, we heard that both Gina's ma and pa were sitting in the kitchen. Well in the 
kitchen, Gina's pa sat by the table all dressed up for working in the garden, while her ma was 
standing with only a lingerie dressing-gown on. I could see right through the dress, so she 
could might as well have been naked. Before we sat down Gina said.
- Good morning pa, then she turned to her ma and continued. Good morning ma, I heard that 
you pissed on Jimmy's dick this morning. He really liked it and afterward I made her drink 
my pee.
- Yes dear, I really had to go, she answered. Then she turned to me and said. So you liked it 
when I pissed on you and you also drank my daughters pee. You are quite something. Don't 
you want to taste my pee to?
Gina looked at me and said:
- Darling, go ahead and do it. You already know how. She turned to her ma and continued. I 
think that's a good idea.
Her ma turned around and took a new wineglass. Then turned around and walked towards the 
kitchen table were Gina and I had sat down beside each others. Her ma put one leg on a 
chair, opened her morning-gown, held the glass by her pussy and started to pee in it. 
Meanwhile Gina's pa lean back on his chair and smiled at what he saw. When the glass was 
almost full she stopped peeing, took the glass and handed it over to me. Gina pushed me on 
the side to make me take it and I could not resist with the three of them watching me. I took 
the glass and held it by my mouth and I could sense the smell. Gina pushed me on my side 
again to hurry me to start. Then I put the glass to my lips and started to drink the pee from 
Gina's ma. The taste wasn't as strong as Gina's pee this morning, most obvious because Gina 
had held her pee the whole night together with the wine she drank last night. I emptied the 
glass as fast as possible and put it on the table. Gina's parents smiled at me and Gina turned to 
me and gave me a kiss before she said.
- You are real kinky boy and I love you for that.
- I must agree on that, her ma continued. And he is a handsome guy to.

The breakfast went on after that with Gina talking to her parents, while I was quiet. This 
weekend had been something I never expected. Still I must say that even if I didn't like what I 
had done, the thought of it turned me on. After the breakfast Gina and I went upstairs and 
packed our bags. Then we brought it downstairs and Gina and her pa brought it to the car. I 
stayed inside of the house to thank Gina's ma for her hospitality and I found her in the kitchen, 
still dressed in her morning-gown.
- Thank you very much for the weekend, I said.
- You're welcome, she replied. It's been a pleasure having you here and I hope you will join 
my daughter soon. There is a lot we haven't done, that I would like to do with you.
She smiled and came over to me, put her arms around my neck and gave me a kiss. This time 
I couldn't help myself from returning her kiss and our tongues met. I could feel her body 
close to mine and I got a hard-on right away. She could feel it and pressed herself as close to 
me as ever possible and we kept on for several minutes. Finally we ended our kiss and I went 
outside to Gina. We got in the car, waved at her parents, as her ma was outside too now. 
When we got two blocks away I said to Gina.
- There is one last thing I must tell you.
- Go ahead dear, Gina replied.
- Just before we left, your ma gave me a kiss.
- That great Jimmy, Gina said. You must have made a real impression on her and I like that.
- Well the thing is that I responded to her kiss and I hope that won't upset you. I guess I am in 
love with both you and your ma.
- Oh Jimmy. I know that you put me first and I have no problem with you being in love with 
both of us. That will make our family reunions more frequent, I hope.
Gina smiled and then I knew I was bound to become their sexual toy for the rest of my life. 
That scared me, at the same time as I was real happy with it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





