BDSM Library - The Pain and Pleasure Journals




The Pain and Pleasure Journals
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The training journals kept by a young woman in search of total submission.The Pain and Pleasure Journals   
   
By Estaban Bacca   
   
(All rights reserved. Copyright 2004 by Estaban
      Bacca)   
   
Prologue   
My name is of no importance to these journals. My history is that of almost
  any young woman of my generation. There is nothing startling or unusual in
  it indicating a predilection for the dark side. My place of birth, my childhood,
  my time at the university, these are all totally immaterial. This is not a
  memoir or a biography.  
If you continue to read, you will have to accept the experiences I was forced
  to record at face value. I give no explanations or justification for what my
  life has become. My journals relate what was done to me over ten weeks of my
  training as a slave to Sir, my master. I was instructed to keep a hand written
  record of my training and to include the feelings and emotions that my ordeals
  aroused in me. I hated writing about what I was enduring at first but as the
  weeks passed my time with pen and paper became a solace to me.  
Recently, I decided to publish my journals. I am not a writer and when I
  set down the accounts of my ordeals, I often wrote in a form one might describe
  as 'streams of consciousness'. At other times I employed personal shorthand.
  In order that my experiences and feelings be presented in a more readable manner,
  I sent my journal to the author to be presented in whatever form he chose with
  the proviso that both I and Sir remain anonymous.  
All too soon after my relationship with Sir began, I was pierced and marked.
  My nipples were adorned with rings. My labial lips followed and also sported
  Sir's jewelry. I came to barely remember the embarrassment of the piercings.
  They became so much a part of me that I scarcely noticed them unless they were
  inadvertently stimulating me or being incorporated by Sir into my pain or pleasure.
  On the surface and to all appearances, I was my Master's true slave. All was
  not as it seemed though.  
During this early time with Sir, before the training sessions began, there
  were instances of confusion. Moments of anger and doubt. I often wondered if
  my nature was truly submissive or if I was merely playing at something beyond
  my understanding. Did my ultimate pleasure lie in totally pleasing another?
  At times, I found myself rebelling against the subjugation of my individuality
  and uncomfortable with the feeling of being absorbed by a stronger will. Needless
  to say, these displays of willfulness displeased my Master. I was unhappy as
  well. It was a situation that demanded resolution. I was told that I must either
  prove to myself and to my Master that I truly belonged to him or that I must
  leave. I was asked to give myself body and soul into the hands of professional
  Masters for the full duration of their course. I would have to present myself
  to them twice a week for individual training.  
What had once been a working farm on the outskirts of town had been converted
  into a school for slaves. By committing myself wholeheartedly to their program
  it was assured that I would come face to face with my inner self once and for
  all. It was my strong desire for an end to the uncertainty that had finally
  convinced me to pledge my obedience to the program.  
And what of my Master you may be asking yourselves? He shall remain as vague
  and shadowy to you as he is real and all powerful to me. How he found me and
  how he bound me to his service are matters that shall remain private. It may
  seem incongruous that I so jealously guard these small details of my life,
  while I lay bare my soul in the pages ahead. The explanation lies in precisely
  that fact though. This is not the story of me; it is the story of my soul.
  It no longer seems strange to me that agony and ecstasy are two sides of the
  same coin. Every morning since I committed myself to the Masters' course, that
  coin has spun through the air for me and I learned to live by the face it showed.  
The First Session  
I was given a set of instructions that I was to follow in preparation for
  each training session&hellip;. I was instructed to shave myself bare&hellip;&hellip; my
  underarms, my legs, even the hair from my mound, my cunt and my ass. I had
  been given a list of items to purchase as well: a two quart enema bag with
  a hook for hanging; a douche nozzle, which is longer and fatter than the standard
  enema nozzle; adult glycerin suppositories and lastly, packets of Castile soap
  flakes.  
Next came the hardest and almost torturous part of my preparation&hellip;I
  had been warned that it would be a two hour process&hellip;First, I had to
  insert three glycerin suppositories into my rectum and hold them inside for
  at least twenty minutes, no less, no matter how bad the cramping got. The instructions
  suggested setting a timer so I didn't cheat. At the end of that long twenty
  minutes I was allowed to relieve myself on the toilet. Next I had to fill the
  enema bag with two quarts of hot water and mix in a packet of soap flakes.
  I hung the bag on the towel rack and then knelt down on the floor. I applied
  lube to the nozzle and worked it all the way into my ass. With my cheek to
  the floor and my ass raised, I released the clamp. I stopped the flow as necessary
  wh en the cramping got bad or I felt like I couldn't hold anymore. Once that
  feeling passed, I continued until the whole bag was empty. I held this solution
  for a full ten minutes and left the nozzle in to help hold in the soapy water.
  I was allowed and even encouraged to roll onto my side or back and massage
  my belly to let the solution work deep inside me.  
This proved to be very difficult&hellip;.that much water had filled me so
  full that my belly looked huge. The soapy solution caused such bad cramping
  that I thought I'd die. I didn't think there was any way I could continue to
  hold it all in. The cramps kept hitting in waves and all I could do was massage
  my belly and roll and clench as tight as I could the whole time. I cried with
  the pain and the urgency, fearing all the while that I would fail to hold it
  in long enough. Somehow I managed to survive this painfully long waiting period.
  I was so swollen that I had to cradle my belly in my hands as I rose to the
  toilet. It took as much as thirty minutes for all of the soapy solution to
  work its way out. Finally I filled the bag with warm water and added one teaspoon
  of salt. I had to take the full two quarts of water and hold it for yet another
  twenty minutes to rinse out the last of the soapy solution. When at last, I
  expelled this, I was considered sufficiently clean inside for the Masters.
  I did feel completely cleaned out&hellip;empty inside and pounds lighter. I
  didn't know how I did it or how I would find the courage to go through this
  twice a week for the training. Of course, after that I was also expected to
  bathe the outside of my body thoroughly. It took longer than the 2 hours and
  so I had to rush around getting ready to leave.  
I managed to finally locate the farm after several wrong turns and arrived
  at a quarter till five. My heart was pounding and I was shaking so badly that
  I just sat in the car for several minutes, but then knowing that I had given
  my word, that this was my commitment&hellip;..I got out and entered the barn
  through the small side door.  
Master James met me there and it was almost like he had been standing there
  waiting. I wondered if he had been watching me, if he had felt my indecision
  there at the last. He motioned me to follow him down a short hallway and led
  me into a small changing room.  
&quot;Take off all your clothes, slut,&quot; he said, &quot;and then come
  into the dungeon.&quot;  
He smiled a little bit when he said it and I felt better. I didn't say anything,
  just kept my eyes lowered and nodded. When he left I slipped out of my clothes
  and laid them over a little bench that was there. Not wanting to give myself
  time to think or reconsider, I did as directed and opened the same door Master
  James had used when he left me.  
The inside of the barn was huge and filled with all kinds of contraptions&hellip;..things
  I'd never seen before but had read about&hellip;&hellip;.hooks, pulleys and
  rings hung from the rafters and big eye bolts stuck up out of the floor and
  the walls. There were saw horses, some padded and some not, padded posts, benches
  and tables. I saw several big crosses and even a stainless steel medical examination
  table. A raised platform that made me think of a stage of some sort. In front
  of it were rows of chairs where an audience might be seated. There was like&hellip;um&hellip;.well
  like a whole bathroom. It was not enclosed though and the tub, toilet and all
  were exposed. Spotlights were everywhere in the ceiling and one turned on me
  when I stepped into the room. Master James stepped back through the same door
  that I'd just come through. I stood there, waiting and taking in these frightening
  surroundings when, suddenly, my arm was grabbed and I was jerked back into
  the changing room.  
&quot;On your knees, girl,&quot; He almost screamed it. &quot;You filthy
  slut, is this how you think you can leave your filthy slut mess?&quot;  
&quot;W...w...what, Sir? I don't understand?&quot;  
He was pointing at my clothes on the bench but I didn't understand what I
  had done wrong. He gave me this big hairy lecture about how clothes are a privilege
  and that it took a Master's hard earned money to keep me in clothes and that
  they were always to be folded neatly when I wasn't wearing them.  
&quot;You will be punished for this and for raising your eyes to me and for
  speaking. You just earned yourself three lashes of my belt. Now you crawl back
  out there and you do it NOW!&quot;  
I started crawling fast as I could back out the door. Master James followed
  me, nudging me to go faster with the toe of his boot. He directed me to a small
  padded bench that was just a foot tall. He told me to lay over it face down
  and spread my legs. I could already feel the tears on my face as I lay over
  the bench. With his boot he kept kicking side to side between my legs until
  they were wide open. I laid there, shaking&hellip;.trying to hold in the sobs&hellip;waiting
  for what would happen next. I heard him unbuckling his belt and heard it slipping
  out of the belt loops of his jeans&hellip;..for a moment my mind just went
  blank.  
&quot;Tell me why you are being punished.....Answer me, girl! That's one
  extra lash for the delay.&quot;  
&quot;Um&hellip;b&hellip;because I didn't fold my clothes&hellip;..&quot; I
  finally stammered out an answer, half crying, &quot;and um&hellip;.. because
  I looked at you&hellip; and because I spoke without asking permission.&quot;  
&quot;At least you're not stupid. There may be hope for you.&quot; He said. &quot;Each
  and every time that you're punished, you will count every swat out loud and
  thank the Master that he sees fit to correct you. Then you must ask for the
  next swat. Understand, girl? If you hesitate in the least or forget then the
  punishment starts from the beginning again.&quot;  
Before I could even respond he brought the belt down hard over my ass.  
&quot;One&hellip;..aghhhh, Master James, thank you. Pleeaasse may I have
  another?&quot;  
Oh my god, the next one hurt even worse. It was on the back of my thighs
  and .the sting&hellip;.the pain, took my breath away.  
&quot;Twooooooo&hellip;..thank You, Master James, aghhhh pleaseee may I have
  another?&quot;  
By the time I'd taken all four my whole ass was red and on fire and I had
  that one huge welt on the backs of my thighs. I was ashamed to be crying but
  I couldn't help it. I wanted to say I was sorry but was too afraid to speak.
  He told me to stand up and get over to that platform and present myself for
  inspection to him and I did. I hurried because he still had that belt in his
  hand. It was then that I noticed Master Michael and Master Robert standing
  off to one side watching and talking. I couldn't hear what they were discussing
  and had only time for a quick glance. I couldn't risk being seen looking at
  them.  
I dropped down to my knees as gently as I could&hellip;.the muscles in my
  thighs and my ass were screaming. I tried to remember everything I had been
  taught about the  
presenting position&hellip;&hellip;.knees spread apart the width of my shoulders,
  back straight with a slight arch, head held high, eyes lowered&hellip;.chest
  thrusting out&hellip;.and my palms upturned in a gesture of submission, one
  resting on the top of each thigh&hellip;..god so much to remember. The three
  of them started walking in slow circles around me. Master Michael was the first
  to speak.  
&quot;Not too bad, girl.&quot;  
He bent down and took one of my nipple rings in his fingers. He lifted and
  twisted it, holding my breast suspended for a moment before letting it drop.
  At the same time Master James was behind me, running the palm of his hand down
  my back and then over the welts on my ass. Fingers slid down inside the crack
  of my ass and began circling, pressing into my anus&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;no
  lube&hellip;..god it hurt and I whimpered. He told the others that my Dom wanted
  my hole to be used and kept filled.  
&quot;Damn shame. I love tight ass like that.&quot; Master Robert said.  
&quot;Too tight to be of any real use,&quot; Master James disagreed, &quot;but
  we'll fix that.&quot;  
Master Michael squatted down right in front of me and without any warning
  at all he slipped two thick fingers straight into my cunt. My body flinched
  and I didn't hold the position. He kept his fingers inside me, twisting and
  turning and fucking them in and out while the other two pulled me back into
  position. A stiff training collar was placed on my neck and they put leather
  cuffs on both my wrists, too. The cuffs were attached to rings on each side
  of the collar which pulled my shoulders back. Master Robert fastened small
  chains to my nipple rings and fastened them to the front of the collar&hellip;..they
  were too short and tugged my nipples up. Master Michael thrust his fingers
  deep into my cunt one last time and pulled them out and held them up right
  in front of my face. They were slick and wet and I could smell my own sex on
  them. He wiped them off on my face.  
&quot;Clean my fingers.&quot;  
I did. I licked them clean.  
&quot;Good girl.&quot;  
I was actually happy when he patted me on the head.  
&quot;It's time you got your first taste of real discipline, girl. We will
  start every session with some kind of discipline.&quot; Master James said.  
His voice was chatty, almost friendly, and his hand was stroking over my
  back and my ass. Right then I needed that and I had to fight to keep from swaying
  back to his hand. He explained that this wasn't punishment but that it wouldn't
  be pleasant and might even be painful. The purpose of discipline was to teach
  me my place. To remind me of just who I was and of who the Master was. Discipline
  was given for Master's pleasure and for the submissive's as well. It gave the
  one seeking to please the opportunity to show how much she was willing to take
  and to endure to please. A Master often gave discipline for no other reason
  than that he could. It was an exercise in power, of giving and taking. It was
  also an opportunity to mark the submissive if that was the Master's desire.  
All this I was told as Master Michael and Master Robert were lifting me up
  to my feet. I was guided slowly forward while Master James talked, until I
  was face to face with the huge St. Andrew's cross.  
They uncuffed each of my wrists and stretched my arms wide to the side at
  shoulder height and then they were fastened again to the cross. Master Robert
  put ankle cuffs on me and I was ordered to spread my feet wide apart. There
  were large eye bolts in the floor that they fastened the cuffs to. I was helpless
  and naked and scared half to death. The thought ran through my head they could
  kill me. They could do anything they wished to me. I was at their mercy and
  I started crying again silently. The tears were streaming and I couldn't stop
  them. I was shaking so badly that the vibration caused the cuffs to rattle
  where they were clipped to the cross. The three men stepped back and Master
  James said,  
&quot;Slut, prepare yourself for your discipline.&quot;  
Someone stepped up behind me again. I couldn't see who but I felt a strong
  body pressing tight to me. A hand lifted my hair up off my neck and I felt
  warm breath, soft lips on the back of my neck at the top of the collar. More
  kisses and licks were followed by a gentle biting at the base of my neck and
  along my shoulders. The hand followed my spine down to my ass and traced the
  pattern of welts that still burned. The mouth returned to the base of my left
  ear lobe and teased and I knew it was Master Michael then. I knew his scent.
  I knew his voice.  
&quot;Don't be afraid little one. Trust me and let yourself come with me.
  I'm going to take you someplace that you've never been.&quot; He whispered. &quot;Take
  what I'm going to give you. Find pleasure in it. It's my gift to you. Remember,
  trust me.&quot;  
He stepped back. I whimpered and felt the loss when his heat&hellip; his
  mouth&hellip; his hands left my body. I was ashamed that I could feel the warm
  flow of my need oozing from my cunt and felt a tightening deep in my belly.
  I was embarrassed at the heat within me and hoped they would not notice.  
My eyes were squeezed tightly shut and my body tensed as I waited for the
  first strike. Instead I felt the softest touch and the most exquisite stroking.
  It was Master Michael with what I found out later was a kind of flogger called
  a rabbit tail. It caressed down my back and out over each stretched out arm.
  It ran down my legs to my ankles and up the insides of my thighs. It teased
  my cunt and continued up through my tight ass crack. The stroking and the teasing
  went on forever. In random patterns, the sensation traveled over my body. Here
  and then there, until I drifted into a state of total relaxation. Craving the
  touch, I found myself making little whimpering sounds of pleasure. I was surprised
  that those sounds were coming from me and that none of the Masters seemed to
  mind. By then, each time the flogger was trailed up between my legs, it came
  away wet with the juices its touch was exciting from me.  
The touch changed to light taps. Little, light stinging taps in all those
  same places. On my arms, my shoulders and back. On my burning ass and my thighs
  and down my legs. My body was enveloped in warmth as the flogger's sharp kisses
  reddened me. Warm, so warm! I found that I was moaning.  
&quot;Yessssssss. Ohhhh, yessssssss.&quot;  
My body was moving, straining at its bonds as to reach the sweet, stinging
  heat. My knees had become so weak that it was hard to stand up. My fingers
  curled over the cuffs as the nature of the flogger's touch again changed. The
  taps became definite lashes. I could feel thin suede leather straps then. There
  was a rhythm to it and as each lash burned into me an incredible heat was generated.
  I wanted more of it.  
He gave it to me. At the last it was real pain. The leather kisses had become
  fiery. Each one burned deep into my muscles. I was red hot all over. I was
  burning alive. I was so deep inside myself that I was there and yet I wasn't.
  I was filled with Master Michael and the power of his astonishing hot touch.
  I wanted it to go on forever&hellip; until there was nothing left of me.  
Gentle hands released me and strong arms held me up. Master Robert and Master
  James carried me to a narrow padded table. Kind words, nice words flowed into
  my ears.  
&quot;Good girl, good slut.&quot;  
There were soft touches and stroking hands caressing my hair. Master Robert
  held a glass to my lips.  
&quot;Drink, girl.&quot; He said.  
When I woke up, it was to hands touching me. Master James' hands and Master
  Robert's big black hands were everywhere at once. They teased my nipples to
  aching hardness. Fingers slipped in and out of my cunt again. My legs willingly
  parted, arching up off the table when fingers found my throbbing clit and stroked
  over it. More cunt juice was wiped on my body. More fingers with the slick
  taste of my sex clinging to them were presented to be licked clean.  
I was pulled to my feet again and bent forward. My wrists were secured to
  the legs of the table on one side and my ankles cuffed to the table legs on
  the other side. I heard a door open and the footsteps and voices of men and
  women approached. I struggled and tugged but the cuffs held me tight. I was
  so embarrassed to be seen like this. So wide open with my body betraying me.
  Still hot from the touching and stroking the Masters had given me. Hands were
  everywhere on my body again. They touched, tugged and twisted my rock hard,
  aching nipples. Hands kneaded my ass cheeks. My whimpers of pain and moans
  of pleasure so mixed that I could no longer distinguish between them. Fingers
  probed my tight ass-ring. They slipped up through my slit, teasing my clit.
  My confused body tried first to grind down onto the fingers in my cunt and
  then lifted itself to encourage the fingers in my ass.  
&quot;Unnnghh, yessssssss.&quot;  
A thick, long rubber dildo was worked deep in my cunt, my inner muscles sucked
  and squeezed down on it.  
&quot;Good girl, good girl.&quot;  
All those hands kept touching me, big hands, small hands, rough hands and
  soft ones. Slender fingers with long painted nails squeezed, pinched and tugged
  my nipples.  
&quot;The slut needs a plug in this tight little ass.&quot;  
I groaned out loud at these words from a strange voice. I flinched and clenched
  my cheeks hard at the cool touch of the lube. A slick finger circled my rim
  and then began slipping in and out. I felt more lube and again the finger,
  in and out, fucking, curling, stretching, and forcing all that lube in. I moaned
  at the touch of the plug's hard tip, burning as it was slowly twisted and fucked
  into my ass. The sound of my gasp was loud in my ear when my sphincter gave
  way and my ass sucked it all the way in. I felt so filled, so stuffed. I was
  squirming, grinding, clenching down hard as I could.  
Then a hand twisted tight in my hair and my head was lifted up. I was looking
  straight at the groin of a man. He stepped closer and I registered tan slacks,
  a brown belt, and clean manicured man-fingers unzipping the fly. A soft flaccid
  cock was pulled out and held to my lips.  
A leather crop bit into my left ass cheek. I jerked forward to escape it
  bumping my face into the cock.  
&quot;Take the cock in your mouth, girl,&quot; Master James' voice said from
  behind me.  
I opened my mouth and took the soft salty cock in. One more stinging lash
  but my cry was muffled as I sucked and licked. The cock grew hard and pressed
  back on my tongue till I gagged from it. The man's hands in my hair held my
  head tight to his thrusting hips. I heard his groans as I worked to take the
  cock tip pushing deep in my throat. I struggled to breathe, gasping each time
  he pulled back a little. My mouth became slick with the precum as the rhythm
  of his slow, deep strokes continued.  
&quot;Oh you cunt. You sweet whore. That's it, that's it. Suck me you bitch.&quot;  
The strokes became short quick thrusting jabs. I took every inch in my throat
  and I knew, oh God yes, I knew he was about to cum. Those big, soft balls lifted
  up and I actually felt the force of the cum pumping up through the thick cock
  and exploding deep in my throat on his final hard thrust. I was held tight
  to him, swallowing, nearly choking on the volume of it. He finally let go and
  pulled out. One thick string of cum hung there from the tip of his cock to
  my lip and then the fragile connection broke as he stepped back. Cum dripped
  and oozed down my chin as another man stepped up. One hot strike of the crop
  on my inner thigh and I groaned and opened my mouth again. I took the new cock
  inside and was in heaven with the thick shaft pumping into me, twisting, screwing
  deep into my throat. Hands began fucking the dildo and butt plug in and out
  of my holes and I heard Master James' voice in my ear.  
&quot;Cum, bitch. Cum, girl.&quot;  
I did. And as I was coming so hard, sweet Jesus, the cock in my mouth poured
  its thick gooey seed down my throat.  
They left me like that, dripping cum from my chin, with the dildo stuffed
  up my cunt and the plug still deep in my ass. I didn't care&hellip; I was floating.  
Some time later, Master Robert returned and eased the plug out and then the
  dildo. I shuddered as they were pulled from me. He laughed and told me I was
  wrong if I thought I was going to get any more that evening. He unsnapped the
  cuffs and helped me to my feet.  
&quot;Get dressed and go home, girl, and be proud of those marks.&quot;  
He led me back to the little room where my clothes were, where it all started.
  It was a different girl who came back to those clothes and it was like &hellip;..Well,
  it was like my life up till then had been a black and white photo that was
  now suddenly in color. I understood then&hellip;.I had to do this for ME. 
Retrospective 
There were aspects of what I was doing that bothered me. My introduction
  to the sessions that Monday evening had left me drained. I felt listless the
  following day. Even the simplest of chores seemed to require a great effort.
  I was very aware of the clock in my kitchen, of the hours slipping past as
  Wednesday and the second session bore down on me. The single day betwen these
  ordeals I faced seemed completely inadequate. I knew I would have to find the
  strength somewhere within me to survive Wednesday night. To get past it to
  the blessed rest and relief of the four painless days and nights that would
  follow it. 
Other thoughts intruded as well. When I had first met the man I now called
  Master, I had been fascinated. He had a pressence I had never before encountered.
  That he was older than I had bothered me initially but I soon found that his
  vitality was hard to keep up with. In fact, as I shared his energy and looked
  back on the younger men I had lived with, I realized how dull and aimless they
  had been. 
He was also the first skilled lover to enter my life. I was by no means a
  virgin and yet with several relationships behind me, it was with him that I
  experienced my first crashing orgasm. My toes had curled until I had sworn
  they would crack and I had come so hard that I pissed myself. 
He had unlocked a wantoness in me. I came to look forward to the new sensations
  he was introducing me to. When he began to demand small acts of obeisance in
  trade for the pleasures I craved, I was only to willing to act out my part
  in what seemed a sexy, little game. It was fun to pretend to beg for his touch
  and I enjoyed the provocative poses he asked me to assume. 
We were in the Farmer's Market, buying fresh goodies for the salads we both
  loved, when I crossed the line. When I let him make me do something against
  my will. All morning he had been surrepticiously tugging at my nipples through
  my top and fondling my ass. Occasionally he would lean in and lick my thoat
  or nibble at my earlobe. I became impatient with the marketing as his touches
  warmed me and I grew wet. I had finally told him how aroused I was and asked
  him to get us home and into bed. He'd taken my ear in his teeth and bit down,
  whispering that he was not yet ready to leave. I'd begged him, only to have
  him shake his head and frustrate me further. Then he'd pulled me close and
  traced the crotch of my jeans with his fingertip.I had become such a sexual
  creature with him that even so mere a touch flooded me with anticipation of
  the things he could make me feel when he chose to. In desperation I had told
  him that I had to use the toilet. He'd given me his brightest smile then and
  fastened his eyes on mine. 
&quot;You are seriously dying to get home and fuck and you also need to pee?&quot; he'd
  asked. 
&quot;Both. Desperately!&quot; I'd replied, relieved that he was relenting. 
&quot;Piss yourself. Right now where you are standing and then we'll go.&quot; He'd
  said. 
I remember looking at him in consternation. I had just known he couldn't
  be serious but he had just held me locked with his eyes. I felt like walking
  away then. Just leaving him standing there with his bag of spinach and cucumbers
  and radishes. Instead, completely against my will, I had relaxed my bladder
  and pissed myself. The tears that began pouring down my red face were hotter
  than the warm urine that had soaked my jeans and thighs. He had taken my hand
  then and led me, stained and crying, though the market throng to the parking
  lot. 
When we'd arrived home he bathed me and took me to bed. I lost count of the
  number of times I came that night. In the days and nights that followed I often
  masturbated while reliving the feeling I'd had as I was being led through that
  crowd of staring eyes. 
That was when it had really begun. This deep desire of mine for domination
  and humiliation. At the time, I had been sure that I loved the man who came
  to call Sir. Then I began to love him because he was my master. . 
As I thought of the session that was drawing nearer with every sweep of the
  clock's hand, I knew that as much as I dreaded the pain, there was a part of
  me that lusted for the other half of the experience. Everytime I thought of
  the shame and humiliation that would be waiting for me my cunt began to leak.
&nbsp;
Second Training Session.  
So many thoughts ran through my head as I unpacked the enema bag and stared
  at the thick nozzle. This time I spread two towels on the floor. It's a porcelain
  tile floor and it's cold. I hate cold. I dreaded the enema process, yet I knew
  I had no choice. If this intimate ordeal was horrid in the privacy of my own
  bathroom&hellip;.it would be unbearable to have it done to me once I arrived
  at the farm&hellip;&hellip;.some choice.  
I had given my consent though and had known of this requirement from the
  very beginning. It was uglier and more painful than I had imagined it would
  be. Even though some deep, dark part of me wanted and needed to be used and
  controlled, I hadn't accepted or come to terms with this part of my conditioning.  
Later, when I sat down to my journal, I decided to skip over another description
  of the enema process. It was just too awful and distasteful and just&hellip;&hellip;.just&hellip;..I
  couldn't find the words to express the humiliation I felt when I did this to
  myself. It was like everyone KNEW what was going on in my bathroom when I&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;God,
  it made it hard to face them&hellip;.knowing that they knew what I had just
  finished doing to myself.  
This time I arrived at the farm with time to spare. I was bathed, shaven
  smooth, thoroughly cleaned inside and out&hellip; but again&hellip;like the
  first time, I had to sit in the car for a few minutes, gathering my strength
  and courage. I took slow, deep, calming breaths. My back, ass and upper thighs
  were still red and striped from the discipline on Monday. I was not sore and
  hot to the touch anymore, still, I was praying that I wouldn't be flogged or
  punished again on my backside. As before, Master James met me just inside the
  door and this time I lowered my eyes immediately and kept them glued to the
  floor.  
&quot;It goes well with you, girl?&quot;  
I wasn't sure what he meant by that but assumed he was asking me how I was.  
&quot;I'm fine, Master James, I hope it goes well with you.&quot;  
I was thinking to myself they have a funny way of talking around here for
  being in Minna-sooota and fighting the urge to laugh. I brought myself up short,
  feeling guilty for this urge to be sarcastic. It was smart-assed and disrespectful.
  Somehow, it seemed that Master James had read my thoughts. His voice became
  colder and his tone sharper.  
&quot;Take your clothes off, girl and present yourself to us for inspection.&quot;  
This time I folded my clothes in neat piles and without being told as soon
  as I entered the dungeon I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled to the
  platform. The three of them were there, seated and waiting. I took the presenting
  position in front of Master Robert, as he was seated in the middle. They let
  me kneel there for several long minutes with no one saying a word. My knees
  were aching after a minute or two. The wooden floor was hard and I could feel
  the start of a cramp in my thigh. 'Oh, no. Please, no.' I was praying it would
  not happen as I had to be still.  
Master Robert got up first and curled his hand in my hair. He pulled my head
  back, my face up.  
&quot;Open your mouth up wide, girl. Did you clean all that cum outta your
  mouth?&quot;  
He bent his face close to mine and peered into my mouth. He held out two
  of his big fingers.  
&quot;Suck.&quot;  
I leaned toward him and took his fingers into my mouth. I ran my tongue between
  them. I sucked, making little soft sucking noises as I rocked forward and back.
  I sucked as if his fingers were a fat cock I was striving to please.  
&quot;Yessss&quot; I moaned through my stuffed mouth.  
He grunted his approval and slipped his fingers out. For once he hadn't criticized
  me. Master James took his place. His hands cupped my breasts and his thumbs
  teased my nipples. They quickly filled to his touch and he SQUEEZED. My body
  jerked out of position but they seemed merely to enjoy the evidence of my discomfit.
  His one hand kept tugging and pinching my right nipple while his other hand
  cupped my cunt. I was wet. Nipple play makes me so wet. His fingers slipped
  up through my slit and inside. Again, I was commanded by a single word.  
&quot;Suck.&quot;  
I tried my best to make a mouth of my cunt. My hips started moving, rocking,
  grinding down onto his fingers. I strove to clasp the fingers with my inner
  muscles.  
&quot;That's it, slut, prove that your cunt wants to be fucked.&quot;  
His other hand was twisting the ring on my nipple and the hurt felt good.
  My cunt squeezed his fingers. Squeezed down, then relaxed and sucked at them.
  There were wet slurping sounds when he started fucking them in and out of me.
  The length of his thumb was rubbing my clit. I groaned when my hot cream started
  to flow over his hand. He pulled out. I was left aching and gasping, one second
  from cumming. Before he got up, he wiped his fingers on my face and slipped
  them in my mouth. I had to suck and clean them despite the fact that they had
  denied me my cum.  
&quot;Good girl. Such a good slut you are.&quot;  
All this praise was so different from that first night. I knelt there, gasping
  and flushed from the need of my body following my near orgasm. It was embarrassing
  to be there on my knees, panting, like an animal in heat.  
Master Michael circled me and then stopped behind me. He put his hand on
  the back of my collarless neck and began pushing me forward. He said he was
  showing me a new kneeling position and that from now on when I was told to
  present my ass, this was the position I'd be expected to adopt. My knees were
  already spread the required shoulder width apart and as he pushed me forward
  he turned my head to the left and pressed my cheek to the floor. He told me
  to put my arms straight out ahead of me as if begging for Master's attention
  and to keep my ass raised up high in the air.  
In this position I could feel the draft of air in the room flowing over my
  ass and wet cunt. I felt so wide open, so exposed and so vulnerable that even
  with all that had gone before, I felt myself blushing. There was nothing hidden
  from view and Master Michael began rubbing his hand over my ass cheeks as if
  inspecting the marks that were still there from his flogging two days ago.  
&quot;You mark well, girl, did it make you feel proud to wear these marks
  of mine?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Master Michael.&quot; I whispered.  
In that moment I realized I was speaking the truth. I must have looked at
  my ass and my back and my thighs a hundred times in the mirror. Each time I
  did feel a sense of awe and pride that I had been able to endure it and that
  he had worked so hard to mark me in such a beautiful way. The marks were criss-crossed
  and as perfectly laid on my skin as if an artist had carefully painted them
  on. They were not random but created a pattern that was striking each time
  that I looked at it. Not only that but each time I looked it reminded me of
  why they were there, of what they represented. That I was a slut whose sole
  purpose was to please through submission and obedience.  
His fingers began stroking and teasing back and forth over my dark, puckered
  hole. On every third or fourth stroke slipping much farther forward gently
  up through my swollen labia. So far each of the Masters had been very cand
  rocking and pressing into Master Michael's fingers. I felt something cool and
  slick being massaged all around my anal ring and then his finger began pressing
  into me. He began working the slick lube into my hole. More lube and a little
  more of his finger each time. I groaned and pressed back. With his whole finger
  in, I clenched down on it. He wiggled it, curled it, twisted it, keeping it
  deep inside me until he felt me relax. The finger was removed only to be quickly
  replaced by the tip of a plug. Softer but bigger than the one I had experienced
  during my first session.  
&quot;Aghhhh.&quot;  
I moaned as it pressed in past the ring of tight muscle. As it was worked
  into me, I realized that it was in the shape of a cock. He held it half way
  in for a moment and then began gently fucking it in and back out. He continued
  until the ache and the burn went away. All at once, with one push, it was all
  the way in me, buried deep. I felt searing a heat as it stretched and filled
  my tunnel. My body was rocking, my ass wiggling and my hips moving in circles.
  Involuntarily, I tried to expel it but it was in deep. It fitted so tightly
  that it was there to stay until he removed it. Gradually the burning again
  faded but the aching fullness remained. Master Mark wiped his hands on my ass
  cheeks and gave me a sharp smack on my right cheek with his hand before he
  got up.  
&quot;Good girl.&quot; He said, &quot;You're a good little ass slut.&quot;  
(I wonder, as I write this, that so early in my training such praise from
  him made me feel so proud and good.)  
It was then that Master James asked me if I wished to speak freely about
  anything. Did I have any concerns? Had I anything to confess? There I was,
  on my knees, with my cheek pressed to the boards and my stuffed ass in the
  air. There I was, with my sweaty body shaking from need and suddenly I was
  forced to wrench my mind from the haze of lust it had slipped into. My gut
  clenched because I did have something to tell him. I had failed to record the
  first session in my journal. Several factors had contributed to my lapse. The
  long hours I'd worked, the fatigue, my worry over this training and the fact
  that I'd had a cold and just felt rotten. Still, I had no really valid excuse.
  Just a bunch of little ones and the truth was that I'd had the time but just
  didn't want to. I hadn't wanted to relive my ordeal by setting it down on paper.
  I had confessed to my Dom already and received punishment from him. He had
  instructed me to catch up the journal by the weekend and to wear clover clamps
  on my nipples and clit while I made the entries. I was to write an entry admitting
  the real reason I had allowed the journal to slip behind. He had also instructed
  me to inform Master James of my failure.  
&quot;Yes, please, Master James, may I be allowed to speak freely?&quot;  
I was still presenting my ass, very open and vulnerable. It was frightening
  to be making a confession in such a helpless position.  
&quot;Yes, girl, permission granted. You may speak.&quot;  
I couldn't help it, my voice started shaking.  
&quot;Sir, I haven't been faithful in keeping up with my journal as both
  you and Sir told me to do.&quot;  
There was a silence and then he asked if I could offer good reason. I knew
  that my excuses were feeble at best and that offering them would likely bring
  me more trouble. It might have seemed that I was not taking responsibility
  for what I'd done  
&quot;No Sir, Master James I have no good excuse.&quot; I finally whispered.  
&quot;It is good that you have told me. Your honesty builds my trust in you.
  You still must be punished though. Prepare yourself mentally to take it and
  it will go better.&quot;  
I closed my eyes tight in acceptance and tried not to let him see my fear.
  He stepped behind me and trailed something that felt like leather of some kind
  down my back.  
&quot;How many days is it that you have let your journal fall behind?&quot;  
 I counted 5 days in my mind.  
&quot;Five days, Master James.&quot;  
&quot;Then you will receive five lashes on your inner thighs with my crop.
  One for each day and one more for disobeying me and one beyond that for disobeying
  your Dom. Spread yourself wider and count as you have been told. Girl you will
  learn that your only choice is to obey and the sooner you accept that, the
  easier it will be on you.&quot;  
With that he stepped back and I spread my knees as wide apart as I could.
  My hips ached with the strain as I waited with closed eyes. Tense and filled
  with fear and dread. When the first strike came, it came hard and I heard the
  crop displace the air an instant before I felt it. I screamed out with the
  pain. It was the worst yet. It bit into the softest part of my inner thigh,
  near my cunt. My body jerked forward and my eyes welled up.  
&quot;One&hellip;&hellip;aghhhh! Thank you, Master James. Please give me
  another.&quot; I forced the words from myself.  
The second stroke came and then the third, so hard, so fucking hard that
  I thought I would die with the pain. They were all delivered on the same thigh,
  the left one, it was beyond agony. The last four came on my right thigh. A
  searing, burning, pain beyond pain. Although I was thanking him, counting the
  strokes and asking for more, my words were meaningless sounds in my mind.  
Later, as I wrote of this in my journal, my inner thighs were so raw and
  welted that I sat with spread legs and could wear no clothes lest the material
  touch me. I cried just trying to rub lotion into them to soothe them.  
&quot;Remember this lesson,&quot; was all that he said.  
It was strange; it was almost as if there was sadness in him when he said
  it. There was a deep sadness in me also. I felt unworthy for having been so
  lazy and willful regarding my journals. I was sorry, so sorry. I wanted to
  do better. I wanted to please these men and Sir. I want to be proud of who
  I am.  
They allowed me to rest for a few minutes like that and then I was helped
  up to my knees by Master Michael and given cool water to drink. My voice was
  still hoarse and raspy from laryngitis and my past week's cold. Twice Master
  Michael asked me if I was ok or if I felt ill. He even put his hand on my forehead
  once, as if to check for a fever. It was an insignificant gesture and yet to
  me it made me feel that they really did care.  
&quot;If you feel ill we will not continue.&quot; He said  
Suddenly, I had a choice. A temporary reprieve if I chose to take it. It
  made it all the harder for me to stay and endure. The weak me wanted desperately
  to take the out I was being offered but in the end it was the needy me that
  finally answered.  
&quot;No, Master Michael. Thank you, I'm really ok.&quot;  
&quot;Are you prepared to receive your discipline, girl?&quot;  
I nodded and was helped to my feet and led to the far wall. Walking was hard
  with the larger plug inside my ass and the angry red welts on my thighs burning.
  I was forced to move in an ugly embarrassing waddle to ease the hurt.  
When we reached the wall, Master Michael backed me up against it and told
  me to present my wrists to him to be cuffed. With my eyes lowered, I held my
  arms out in front of me and watched as he placed leather cuffs on each wrist.
  One at a time he stretched my arms out to the side and fastened the cuffs to
  big heavy rings mounted into the wall above me. My shoulders ached with the
  strain. My arms were stretched very tight and I was lifted up almost onto my
  tiptoes. It gave an uncomfortable arch to my back and my chest was thrust out
  more than normal. He knelt down in front of me and attached ankle cuffs to
  each ankle and one at a time moved each leg wide to the side and attached the
  cuffs to large rings near the floor. His large hands with their thick fingers
  were gentle as they secured me. The mix of power and gentleness in his touch
  somehow calmed me. As he stood up his hands caressed up my body. The mere grazing
  of his fingers over the welts on my inner thighs drew a groan from me before
  I could stop it. I made a guttural noise when his finger moved up thru my slit,
  stopping to make a small circle over my hard, hungry clit. With eyes still
  lowered I watched his hand move over the flat of my belly and felt a tightening
  deep inside when he touched me there. Both hands were on me then, cupping under
  each breast and lifting them as if weighing them, squeezing and kneading them.
  His huge thumbs teased my nipples at the base of my rings. My head went back
  to the wall and I arched out as much as I could when he lowered his head and
  began sucking each one.  
 &quot;Ohhhh godddddddd, Master Michael.&quot;  
I was panting as he moved from one to the other and back sucking and licking
  and gently biting. Then it became a slow steady suction, his mouth wide open,  
almost engulfing my whole breast. He was intent upon the left one at first.
  Working it, sucking it harder and harder till the nipple felt huge. When he
  pulled away my breast was shiny and wet from his mouth. He moved to the right
  one, repeating the process, all the while still pinching and tugging the left
  nipple with his right hand. My moans became continuous, my ass ground back
  hard to the wall and I thrust my chest out to him till my shoulders were screaming
  from the stress.  
Just as quickly as it all started it stopped. He stepped back and Master
  James moved to me, bringing one hand up to cup my right breast, and before
  it registered what he had in his hand, he had closed a clover clamp over my
  nipple. It bit in with more pleasure than pain. Next he clamped the right one.
  He reached behind him and pulled a strip of material out of his pocket. He
  tied it over my eyes and my world became a black velvet darkness.  
 &quot;No, please&hellip;&quot;  
 There was no reply. I felt unbalanced in the dark and I pressed back to
  the security of the wall.  
&quot;Ahhhhhhhh.&quot;  
Someone was hanging weights from the clamps and now they were biting in harder
  and tugging my breasts down. My frantic twitching only served to further stretch
  my poor nipples and increase my pain. Every nerve in my body seemed centered
  in my abused nipples. Master James was still there. I smelled him and felt
  the heat from his body. At last the numbness set in and there was some relief.
  It was short lived. He must have sensed my relief. He flicked the weights or
  tugged on the clamps and the agony started allover again.  
Then I felt the strikes, light taps at first, stinging taps on my nipples
  of each tortured, hot breast. Leather, it was leather again, strands of it,
  smacking, striking down over each breast. This was torture, agony; the leather
  came down harder faster, again and again. The weights were swinging and pulling
  the clamps which bit so hard it seemed they would cut through my nipples. I
  screamed and then begged and pleaded.  
&quot;Unnnnghhh. No more pleaseeeeeeeee. I can't take anymore.&quot;  
But it didn't stop, there was no easing up and I was bucking and thrashing.
  I strained futilely against the thick rings holding me to the wall. Then the
  voice, Master James' voice, filtered through the red haze of my agony.  
&quot;Accept it, slut, go with the pain. Welcome the gift of your discipline.&quot;  
It went on and on, till my breasts felt like they were being whipped and
  pulled off my chest.  
Then something changed. After that it got misty. It was like I was in some
  other place. A place with cool breezes, a cool soothing ocean. I was flying,
  drifting, soaring, so warm and so free. Maybe I fainted, I couldn't be sure
  but the next thing I was really aware of, was my mouth being opened and something
  that felt like a round plastic ball being pushed back onto my tongue. I felt
  it being fastened behind my head.  
 &quot;We are leaving you here, girl, to think about who you are.&quot;  
Footsteps disappearing, fleeting panic, brief struggle, then blessed total
  acceptance. Giving up, giving in, welcoming the heat, the gift of the pain.
  It was like I was outside looking in on myself, seeing so clearly the woman
  I could become. My breasts were throbbing with every beat of my heart. My ass
  felt on fire, as if the plug had expanded inside me. My thighs burned even
  hotter as my slippery juices and sweat oozed over them, heating the welts up
  even more. So alive&hellip;I felt so incredibly alive. I knew with crystal
  clarity that these sensations were the lesson. A voice within chanted to me&hellip; accept
  it, welcome it, see who you are, acknowledge the beauty and the power of your
  submission. There is no greater purpose than serving, than giving pleasure,
  than offering up every wonderful, special part of your being, heart, body,
  mind and soul, as a gift to be cherished and used, no greater purpose than
  pleasing.  
Time passed but I was not aware of its passing. I felt hands removing the
  gag, then the weights and the clamps. Vivid flashes of white hot pain in my
  unseeing eyes as the blood filled my nipples again, shocking me from my trance.
  At last the blindfold came off, it was Master James and he cupped my chin in
  his hand, while my eyes struggled to focus.  
&quot;You may look at me, girl&hellip;. Who are you?... Answer me!&quot;  
His eyes are deep green, like my own and I looked into them, searching for
  myself in their reflection. Held by his dark, unwavering gaze, I answered him
  from my heart.  
&quot;I am a submissive. I am a slut, to be used.&quot;  
My heart filled with the deepest joy when the trace of a smile passed over
  his face. I saw his approval in the way his eyes lightened and his gaze relaxed.  
Once again a cool glass of water was held to my lips and I drank and drank
  till the big glass was nearly empty. Master Robert and Master James released
  the wrist and ankle cuffs. They lifted me between them and carried me to a
  wide padded table and laid me on it. Master Robert eased a soft pillow under
  my head. I winced when he brushed over my nipples and gave my rings a gentle
  tug. The cuffs were still on me and once again my arms were secured to the
  sides of the table. Looking up there was a track in the ceiling with three
  pulleys spaced evenly over the table, and Master Mark stepped up to my feet
  and began lowering ropes. He held a thick metal bar with rings on each end
  to which he attached the ankle cuffs. This spread my legs wide apart again.
  He slipped the big hook at the end of the rope over the bar and began raising
  my legs up off the table. Higher and higher till my legs were straight up and
  my ass was lifted up off the table.  
&quot;Time for you endure the fire and ice, girl.&quot; Master Michael said.  
My heart nearly stopped beating. I knew what that meant and I opened my mouth
  to beg but his look stopped me cold. My thoughts were racing and my heart was
  pounding out of my chest. I hate ice. I hate being cold. It was one of the
  limits I had set and they knew that. How could they do this? I thought that
  was the purpose of filling out the check list they had given me at the very
  beginning. I felt the anger welling up in me. I felt betrayed after thinking
  I could trust them not to force me beyond the limits we had set. It had been
  hard enough to go as far as I had. The longer I lay there, watching the three
  of them gather equipment, thick candles, lighters and a whole cooler filled
  with ice, the more angry I became. The words poured out of me,  
&quot;You bastards! Let me up! Untie me right now. I want out of here! This
  isn't fair. You promised when we did the check list. I told you I wouldn't
  do this! LET ME GO!&quot;  
This was a deal breaker. It wasn't fair. All those floating feelings of sweet
  submission were gone in the flash of my anger. Struggling and yanking at the
  cuffs, I clamped my mouth shut when Master Robert pressed the ball gag to my
  mouth again. The bastard pinched my nose shut and no matter how I tossed my
  head side to side he didn't let go. The second my mouth opened to gasp for
  air, that awful gag went into my mouth, and I was FURIOUS because he was laughing.
  They were all laughing.  
&quot;That shut the bitch up,&quot; He said to Master James.  
He leaned over me and put his face just inches from mine.  
&quot;Girl, when we're finished your sweet ass is gonna feel the palm of
  my hand. Now you just think about that before you EVER call any of us a bastard
  again.&quot;  
His hand closed over my breast and he squeezed hard. I wanted to scream.
  He meant it to hurt and it did. God, it did. Even with all the anger it was
  obvious that there was no use in struggling. All I was succeeding in doing
  was making it worse for myself. All the fight just went out of me and I sank
  back down on the table, resigned, knowing that if they wanted it, it would
  happen. I would be better off preparing myself than dwelling on the injustice
  of it.  
I closed my eyes and tried to take my mind to a place of acceptance. My eyes
  flew open though when I felt the cock plug being pulled out of my ass. It came
  out with a wet, slurping sound against the suction of my clenching muscles.
  My groan was muffled behind the fat gag and my jaw ached from being held open.
  My tight hole didn't feel very tight anymore. It felt very open. Master Michael
  had his finger in my hole, slipping in and out easily now. I heard the clinking
  of ice and he began slipping ice into my gaping anus. One, then two, three,
  four, five, round balls of ice down into my raised ass. Oh sweet holy Christ.
  I was freezing inside and my gut was clutching and clenching. My suspended
  ass bucked in the air above the table. My frantic movements only caused the
  melting ice to slide deeper. He slipped two more in and the freezing cold was
  turning into fire as it froze me inside. Because of the angle of my body, with
  my legs lifted up, the cold water from the melting ice flowed down through
  my belly. It was an ice water enema, the cramping was starting. Master Michael
  was massaging my labia and my clit, with chunks of the ice. Having packed my
  ass, Master Robert began rubbing a ball of it over my nipples. Master James
  had been lighting a tray of many colored candles. He picked up a red one. Master
  Michael spread more ice up thru my labia. He started pushing them deep into
  my cunt, one at a time, working them in deep with two fingers. I lost count
  of how many, all I know is that I felt full. I was completely stuffed with
  nuggets of freezing cold. The burning sensation started and grew until it was
  deep in my womb.  
&quot;Aghhhh,&quot;  
I bucked up as the first drop of burning hot wax splashed on my nipple. It
  felt hotter than it was in contrast to the extreme cold within me. How I wished
  now that I had opted out when they had offered me the chance. One drop after
  the other dripped over my breasts. He kept changing candles, first one color
  and then another. Painting me with the molten wax. Holding them closer, then
  higher, warm and then hotter and then searing heat. Having iced down my cunt,
  Master Michael picked up a candle and let the wax drip on my clit. He covered
  my swollen pale labia, my belly, and my bare mound. He let it drip over my
  sore open hole until it was sealed off with a puddle of wax. Six hands, six
  big hands touched, squeezed and stroked my body. They pinched rock hard, sore
  nipples and teased my hard, swollen clit. Their fingers fucked in and out of
  my freezing cold cunt and ass. The cold water was so deep in me that I had
  become a frozen core wrapped in blazing skin. The tip of a vibrating dildo
  was held right on my clit for a moment and then it slid deep in my cunt. Back
  it came and again it attacked my clit. Hands were massaging my belly, smearing
  it with my juices, my slut cream and ice water. In and out, the fucking motion
  of the dildo vibrated the ice in my body. Against my will, the being within
  me had begun to respond to the powerful stimuli attacking my senses from every
  direction. My clit swelled and I found myself straining up to the fat dildo.
  There was no stopping it; I was hung on the edge momentarily and then toppled
  over into an orgasmic abyss. Cumming, cumming, freezing and burning, half of
  me a chilled puddle and the other half a pile of ashes. Master Michael held
  the tip of the dildo right there on my clit vibrating the whole time I was
  cumming and it became the sweetest most exquisite agony. Drained, I hung there
  with my collapsed weight on my shoulders. Before he lowered my legs, Master
  Michael worked the cock plug back into my ass again. I was just conscious enough
  to be grateful that with it in me, I would at least be spared the humiliation
  of an accident.  
The gag was removed on the condition that I didn't speak the rest of the
  night unless spoken to. My body was lowered back to the table and the cuffs
  taken off. The cold water ran out of my cunt and pooled underneath me in a
  cold puddle. As the ice had melted, the numbness was leaving and to be replaced
  by a hot stinging as my body slowly warmed.  
Master Robert pulled up a chair close to the table and sat down on it.  
&quot;Girl, I think we have a date. Get your ass down here and lay over my
  lap.&quot;  
 I was exhausted from the long ordeal and from cumming so hard. The pain
  I had endured and emotional roller coaster I'd been forced to ride had left
  me so weak that it was all I could do to get up off the table.  
&quot;On your knees, girl, and crawl to me like the slut that you are,&quot; Master
  Robert demanded.  
When my feet hit the floor, I eased down to my knees with every muscle aching.
  I crawled to him, pressed my cheek to the floor and lifted my ass without being
  told. He let me stay there like that for a long minute and then said,  
&quot;Over my lap.&quot;  
He guided me into position over his meaty thighs. The tips of my toes just
  touched the floor and my head hung down. His hands parted my thighs till my
  ass was exposed and wide open to him.  
&quot;Tell me why you are being punished again.&quot;  
 My voice was flat, there was no emotion left in me,  
&quot;Because my words were disrespectful. Because I disobeyed and because
  I was angry.&quot;  
&quot;There will be no need to count. I don't want to hear one sound from
  your mouth until I tell you to speak.&quot;  
His big hand started coming down hard on my cheeks. Loud slaps and smacks
  that echoed all through the barn. Each one was leveled with force, one after
  the other. His hand arcing up and coming down hard. I was choking back my cries.
  I could feel every one of his handprints. He would come down over and over
  in one place before moving on to another, till my whole ass was covered. Every
  so often he came down hard right on the plug slamming it deeper in my ass and
  sending new tongues of fire through me. Finally it stopped. He was panting
  from the effort and I was sobbing openly. He pushed me off of his lap to the
  floor. I immediately kneeled with my ass up in the air again. His hand twisted
  down in my hair and he pulled my face up to his crotch.  
&quot;Now you better pleasure me, slut.&quot;  
His thighs were parted and he had already unzipped his jeans. He pulled his
  cock out. I have never had a black cock before. Not that it mattered. His was
  still soft but thick and his balls were large and covered with tight curly
  wiry hair.  
As he guided me closer I could smell his male scent, his sweaty tang. I opened
  my mouth wide and took his balls in my mouth. He groaned and thrust out at
  me and  
I let my tongue start working its magic. I licked underneath and all around.
  I sucked and tugged softly at them with the bridge of my nose pressing into
  his cock. Still sucking, I rolled them around in my mouth. I leaned back to
  pull them out from his body, then let my tongue stroke under them, licking
  up and down from his sac to his crack.  
&quot;Ohhhh fuckkk yess,&quot; He moaned.  
His swollen balls slipped out of my mouth and plopped back to his body. Leaning
  in quickly again, I flattened my tongue and dragged it straight up that thick
  vein to the tip of his shaft. Gripping his cock in my hand, I squeezed it.
  I held his cock while my tongue licked back and forth over his slit. The head
  of his dark, purplish cock contrasted with the pearly precum as it oozed out.
  Pumping and squeezing him, I licked up every drop as fast as I milked it out.
  I cupped his balls in my free hand and gently squeezed them at the same instant
  my mouth closed over his oozing tip. I sucked, softly at first with my tongue
  vibrating over his cum hole as I started stroking him. Harder and faster I
  went, squeezing and milking him all the while. I wanted to swallow him, to
  suck out all the cum in his balls. I began bobbing up to the tip and coming
  down more every time, until I was gagging on his thickness. He was pushing
  my head down and thrusting up into my mouth. I swallowed and relaxed my throat
  to take him. His cock tip went deep in my throat. He twisted his hand in my
  hair again and slammed me down on him. I sucked hard until my cheeks dimpled
  in. He was holding me there fucking my throat. I felt his balls tighten and
  the cum rising up in him. He pulled back and exploded all over my face and
  my hair. Three thick, gooey spurts splashed my forehead and my cheeks. He leaned
  back in the chair panting. His cock gave a last jerk when I closed my mouth
  softly over it, licking gently, lapping up every drop. His cum was salty and
  tangy.  
&quot;That's enough, girl,&quot; He pushed me back. &quot;You let my cum
  dry on your body. Wear it home. Don't wash it off till tomorrow. You may shower
  first thing in the morning.&quot;  
I spoke then without permission as I knelt before him.  
&quot;Thank you, Master Robert for your punishment, for the gift of your
  cum. I am honored to wear your cum, Master Robert.&quot;  
For once I didn't get in trouble for speaking spontaneously. Master Michael
  came up behind me.  
&quot;That's all for tonight. You may go. As further punishment for your
  disobedience tonight, you are not allowed to touch yourself in a pleasurable
  way. You are not allowed to cum until we have a chance to speak with your Dom
  and see what length of time he suggests. Now go into the bathroom, take the
  plug out and clean it and leave it there, then you may get dressed and leave.&quot;  
I nodded and within twenty minutes, I was limping to my car. Almost six hours
  had passed. It was after 11 p.m. 
Retrospective 
When I came upon the phrase &quot;Cherished submissive&quot;, in my own handwriting,
  it caused me to laugh aloud. I recalled vividly the first time I had been &quot;cherished&quot;.
  It had not been long after the incident at the Farmer's market. 
&quot;La Boheme&quot; had been playing at the opera and he had arranged tickets
  for us. An early dinner at a new restaurant had also been planned. He had arrived
  somewhat early, I'd promised to hurry and went into my bathroom to put the
  finishing touches on my make up. I'd emerged to find him sitting on my bed
  with my vibrator in his hand. I knew it had been in the bedside drawer and
  the thought that he had invaded my privacy was just forming when his voice
  interrupted me. 
&quot;What the fuck is this?&quot; He'd demanded harshly. 
It had been said as though he had discovered me with another man as opposed
  to an inanimate sex toy. His anger was so unexpected that I could only stammer
  as he glared at me. 
&quot;I don't satisfy you? Your slut's cunt is so constantly needy that you
  will resort to something like this to quiet it?&quot; 
Before I'd had a chance to answer, he'd pulled me into the front room and
  flung me into the antique rocker my Aunt had willed me. 
&quot;Darling, I&hellip;&quot; I'd begun. 
&quot;Shut up and take off your panty hose.&quot; 
I had struggled out of them under his glaring eyes, while he'd waited with
  his hand out. The only cogent thing in my mind during all this had been the
  inane thought that we would probably not have time for dinner. After I'd handed
  him my panty hose he used them to tie me into the rocker. The small ivory pen
  knife he always carried had been used to divide the nylon into the four parts
  he had needed to tightly bind my wrists and ankles. When he had slipped the
  sharp little blade under the neckline of the new dress I had bought for the
  occasion, I was shocked out of my confusion. With me yelling and cursing at
  him the whole while, he had methodically sliced open my garmet and yanked it
  from me. In my helpless frustration, I'd 
suddenly recalled all of the little slights he had recently taken to stinging
  me with and began paying him back, calling him every foul thing I could think
  of. He had cut loose and tossed away my bra and had just tugged my panties
  up through my crotch. He'd started to send them after the bra but my foul mouth
  had changed his mind and he'd packed them into my screaming mouth. While I
  had yanked ineffectually at the tight nylon and tried uselessly to push the
  panties from my mouth with my tongue he had taken up the phone and the directory.
  After a short perusal, he had dialed and sat down on the sofa. 
He'd spoken my address into the phone and then gave whoever he was speaking
  to what sounded like a credit card number. With the phone back in its cradle,
  he had sat with his legs crossed and after gazing across at me impassively
  for a moment, had picked up a magazine. 
I gave up struggling as the futility of it had sunk in. My eyes had welled
  up in frustration and I was crying freely by then. I'd looked at him pleadingly
  through my tears but he'd ignored me, glancing up from the magazine only to
  check his watch. Some thirty minutes must have passed, though at the time it
  had seemed an eternity, when the door chime had sounded. He had opened my door
  to a smartly dressed, attractive young woman. I remember exactly the hot flush
  that had spread over me when he'd walked her across my own carpet to gaze down
  on me. 
&quot;This is Marcia. She is a whore but she is an honest whore. She saves
  her juices for her clients. She is not a sneaky slut who squanders her essence
  on one of these.&quot; He was showing her the vibrator as he had berated me. &quot;Marcia
  will accompany me to the opera . I'd rather be seen with an honest whore on
  my arm than a selfish, sneaky slut. You can spend the evening here with your
  friend.&quot; 
He had turned on the vibrator and shoved it roughly into my exposed cunt
  and then set the chair in motion with a shove of his foot. I was left there,
  bound, with the vibrator buzzing away between my spread thighs. He had gathered
  his overcoat and escorted the whore to the door. I will never forget the smug,
  amused smile on her pretty face as she had paused on her way out to glance
  over her shoulder at me. It was the contempt I read in her eyes, as I helplessly
  rocked, backward and forward with that buzzing plastic wand up my cunt, that
  did it. With mocking eyes still on me I began to orgasm. 
Shit! Get a load of that , baby. The slut is cumming.&quot; 
Her words had only made it more intense. The door had closed off the sound
  of their laughter and I had been left alone. 
It had been a long, lonely evening. The batteries in the vibrator had died
  and my swollen eyes had finally cried themselves dry by the time he returned.
  The whole evening, as I'd waited, my mind had been consumed by the fear that
  he would bring her home with him. I'd had visions of him fucking her on my
  sofa while she laughed at me. My anger had exhausted itself with my tears and
  when he'd returned alone the only emotion that remained to me had been relief. 
He had untied me with little murmurings of concern and it had been me, instead
  of the whore, Marcia, on the sofa whom he had fucked senseless. Later, I had
  told him that I was sorry and that I would never use the vibrator again. He
  had stroked my hair and said that he knew I wouldn't., that I was a good girl
  and had learned my lesson. That was when he had said it. 
&quot;I only punished you because I cherish you so completely."
&nbsp;
The Third Session  
The afternoon was filled with various errands. I stopped at a favorite restaurant
  and ate a lean meal with lots of protein. Each session used up so much of my
  energy that I often found myself feeling ravenous. I had to rush home in order
  to have enough time for the dreaded enemas. It was the same as ever&hellip;.still
  very difficult to endure.  
Tonight, instead of hesitating in the car, I went straight in as soon as
  I arrived. I took off my clothes and folded them neatly. No one met me...then
  I noticed a note taped to the back of the door. It instructed me that once
  I had undressed, I was to enter the barn. I was to crawl to the platform and
  present myself to who ever might be sitting there. I went through the door
  and dropped to my knees with my head down. I took no chance of being caught
  with my eyes raised to the Masters. Sir had told me to be good and to try hard
  not to embarrass him.  
It was a long way from the door to the platform. It took me awhile to reach
  the far side of it. I tried to remember to crawl seductively, to keep my thighs
  parted and my ass raised up as much as I could. I thought how hard it was to
  crawl properly. It was something I was not at all used to. I made a mental
  note to practice crawling at home.  
There were four sets of feet on the platform. I recognized the three pair
  of heavily booted feet belonging to my Masters. I felt relief. The wording
  of the note had left me fearing that someone strange might have awaited me.
  To my far right I saw black, leather boots with very high platform heels; the
  boots of a female. The sight of them aroused a new nervousness in me. I felt
  the flush of heat and embarrassment suffuse my flesh. I had come to enjoy presenting
  myself to these men but the idea of another woman seeing me abjectly crawling
  bothered me.  
I stopped in front of the boots that I knew belonged to Master James and
  raised up on my knees to the first presenting position as I had been taught.
  They completely ignored me and kept on talking about a recent party they had
  attended. They traded stories and laughed. It was as if I wasn't there. It
  was hard staying still, holding position, the platform was hard and my knees
  were starting to ache. Finally, Master James leaned forward and cupped my breast
  in his hand while he was talking and teased my tender nipple. I winced and
  he felt it. He leaned closer, lifting my breasts and inspecting my nipples.  
&quot;Who used your nipples like this, girl?&quot;  
I told him of the punishment Sir had decreed following my second session.
  I had been ordered to apply clamps to my most tender parts. He ran his finger
  over my clit which was also tender and swollen; it made me gasp.  
&quot;Tell your Dom that I can be your witness that you took your punishment.
  I'm afraid that your poor little clit will be mighty sore before you leave
  us tonight. Isn't that right, Michael?&quot;  
They all laughed together.  
&quot;Present your ass to us, girl.&quot; Master Robert said.  
I lowered myself to my hands and knees and crawled around until I faced away
  from them. I'd never been so relieved to get out of any one position. It felt
  good to lean down, stretch my arms forward, and rest my cheek on the floor.
  I remembered to keep my knees parted wide and lift my ass up. Then I felt hands
  everywhere, whose hands I didn't know. Someone was stroking my hair, another
  rougher hand tracing my spine from the base of my neck all the way down to
  the curve of my hips. Yet a different hand was reaching underneath me, cupping
  my cunt, squeezing gently over my rings. A thick finger began probing my ass
  with just its tip pressing in,  
&quot;Show us with your body how much you want to be used. From now on each
  time we inspect you, you must show us what a good girl you are,&quot; Master
  James ordered.  
I flushed red from embarrassment when someone tugged on the string of my
  tampon but started squirming and wiggling my ass wantonly, as I felt it was
  what they desired of me. I pushed back at the hands that were probing me. I
  moaned like a slut for them and moaned even louder when a finger pushed all
  the way past my anal ring. There were long, sharp nails raking my back and
  my ass cheeks and then a sharp slap followed by the woman's voice.  
&quot;Shake that ass, you hot little bitch.&quot;  
My ass was rocking, lifting and pressing back at him. I clenched down on
  that finger until I felt it pull out, leaving me aching and empty and I groaned
  again. They must have moved away, for suddenly all those arousing hands were
  gone. I was left sweaty and trembling, alone with the lust they had built in
  me.  
&quot;Resume the first position, girl!&quot;  
Master James' voice penetrated my mindless hunger and I hastened to obey.  
&quot;Now listen carefully and remember what I tell you. When you present
  in this position, you must cup your breasts. Lift them up and offer them to
  be used.&quot;  
I nodded my understanding.  
&quot;You may speak in that position but only to beg that we use you for
  our pleasure. After you have offered up your breasts, you will part your labia
  and offer us your cunt. You will beg us to use it. Do you understand, girl?&quot;  
Again, I nodded my compliance.  
&quot;You will then take the second position and pull your ass open for us.
  You will beg us to use your asshole. You must remember your place. You are
  a needy, submissive slut whose only purpose is to obey and give pleasure to
  the Masters or Doms you were born to serve.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Master.&quot; I whispered.  
&quot;This is again the time you may speak freely. Is there any part of your
  training that you have had a problem with?&quot;  
I almost said nothing out of fear but at the same time I felt he wanted me
  to be honest with him. There was no longer any point in protesting their use
  of the ice at my last session. It had passed and I had survived it. But there
  were the enemas that I so loathed.  
&quot;Yes, Master James, I dread and hate the enemas more than I've ever
  hated anything. I'm trying to obey, I really am, Sir.&quot;  
He leaned down and lifted my chin up with his fingers and gave me permission
  to look into his eyes. When I did, I found them dark but not angry. They seemed
  to be trying to delve within me.  
&quot;Girl, you have to trust that there is a reason for everything we have
  you do, especially the preparation. Think of it as getting into the mindset
  of your submission. Think about how you are serving when you wash your body
  and shave. That you are coming to us clean and perfect inside and out for our
  use. Think of it as your offering. As your way of showing us that you are worthy
  of being used. The enemas are large and difficult, I know. Use that for your
  benefit by accepting it as an act of obedience. As you rid your body of impurities
  also rid your mind of everything that will distract you from focusing on who
  you need to be when you walk through this door. Who knows, slut, in time you
  may come to enjoy it. If that's all, then prepare yourself to accept your discipline.&quot;  
Master Robert got up and told me to lift up my hair from my neck. He put
  the thick heavy training collar on me. My wrists were cuffed and my arms drawn
  back with the cuffs clipped together behind my back. I didn't know where the
  lady went, I didn't hear her or see her but then I didn't dare raise my eyes
  up to look. He helped me to my feet and led me to one of the padded tables.
  I was forced up onto it so that I lay with my hands uncomfortably beneath me.
  With my legs spread wide, I was fastened into immobility by heavy leather straps.
  My head, my torso, my belly, my thighs, calves and ankles were all secured.
  My movement limited to the curl of a toe and the blink of an eye. While they
  were doing that, Master James stepped up close with a box in his hand. No one
  said a word and the longer I lay there the more nervous I became. Discipline
  was something I dreaded and yet it was the one part of the session where I
  knew I could go to subspace and escape the agony of the pain.  
My legs were strapped wide apart, and Master Michael stepped up to the end
  of the table and began gently probing up through my slit until his finger found
  my sore clit. I moaned when he began circling it at the base, brushing over
  it, making it throb with both pleasure and pain from Sir's clamping. It was
  then that Master James slipped something over my bruised right nipple, a syringe
  kind of thing that fit flush with my body at the base of my nipple. He began
  pulling up on the little syringe, making a vacuum inside the tube, and the
  pain was immediate. I looked down in horror to watch my nipple swell and be
  sucked up into the tube. The suction was constant, my nipple expanded to fill
  the base of the tube and the awful sensation became almost overwhelming. He
  moved to my left nipple and did the same thing.  
&quot;No. Please, no, I can't stand it.&quot;  
He ignored my protests and went to the end of the table, where Master Michael
  spread my labia open. I watched with pain clouded eyes as another syringe was
  applied to my clit. Concentric circles of agony now radiated from three throbbing
  points of pain on my tortured body.  
 &quot;I think twenty minutes should do it. Let's go get some coffee while
  we wait.&quot;  
I heard their footsteps retreat, hushed voices and then in the distance garbled
  conversation pierced occasionally by the sound of female laughter.  
My nipples and clit were on fire. I could feel every heartbeat and the blood
  pulsing through me felt hot. Peering down the length of my body, I saw that
  my nipples and clit were three times normal size. They stuck out from my body,
  looking obscene and gross, like small, purplish baby cocks. I closed my eyes
  and in my mind imagined Sir standing back in the shadows watching me endure
  this for him. I tried to slow my breathing as the  
rise and fall of my chest seemed to aggravate the action of the tubes.  
At last the Masters returned. Master James flicked the tube on my right nipple
  with his thumb and finger. I heard a moan and realized that it had come from
  me, from deep inside me.  
&quot;Perfect.&quot;  
Before they depressed the syringes to take the tubes off, they stretched
  rubber bands down over the tubes, and down to the base of my nipples. They
  cut into my flesh and kept all three of my tortured appendages engorged even
  though the syringes were removed. They then took three clover clamps with tiny
  chains connecting them and clamped them to my nipples and clit. I screamed.
  I couldn't help it. What had been steady pain, suddenly moved in hot deep pulsing
  waves through my body; I clenched my hands till my nails drove into my palms.
  Strapped tight to the table, I shook and writhed in my restraints. Master James
  bent down close to my face, stroked my hair,  
&quot;There, girl, there, go with it. Go with it, sweetheart, take it. Accept
  it.&quot;  
His voice was soothing and soft, the words caressing my mind. A numbing set
  in and at last I calmed. He kissed my hair.  
&quot;Good girl. That's such a good girl.&quot;  
Master Robert unstrapped me and helped me up off the table. He had to help
  hold me when I first stood up, the wave of pain from the dangling clamps nearly
  made me faint and my knees buckled.  
Master Michael walked up holding a black leather leash and attached it to
  the ring between the nipple chains. He said it was time to be leash trained.
  I was told that whenever I was leashed and walked, I was to heel to the right

  and always one step behind my Master or Dom. He turned suddenly and took a
  step forward. I wasn't ready and the leash tugged hard on the chains and made
  the clamps tighten down. I yelped and jerked forward, nearly stumbling. After
  that I moved when he moved, stopped when he stopped. I became his silent shadow,
  enduring the weight of the biting clamps and the chains that felt heavier with
  each minute that passed. We circled the barn several times, starting, stopping,
  and turning. When was satisfied, he led me back to the platform.  
&quot;Kneel and present your body again.&quot;  
He slipped the leash off but left the thick collar on. My hands were released
  from behind me and I gratefully sank down to my knees into position.  
Master Robert was on my left and I heard a thud. I glanced toward the sound
  and saw several coils of rope in different colors. He picked one up and began
  binding me, circling each breast with tight loops and spirals. As the rope
  coiled and tightened, my breasts swelled and were lifted and yet another variation
  of deep burning and throbbing set in. The rope circled my upper arms and they
  were drawn back, and loops went up through the rings of the collar, through
  the wrist cuffs, and slowly, so slowly my body was pulled forward, face nearly
  touching the floor. The rope had me so tightly bound that I could scarcely
  move a muscle. My hands were drawn back to my ankles, my knees up underneath
  my breasts and all the while the clamps and chains hung from my abused nipples.
  I felt the cool draft of air on my raised ass, the only part of my body not
  covered with rope, If only I could have rested my cheek on the floor but the
  stiffness of the collar  
and the way I was tied prevented even that small comfort. I ached everywhere
  now, every muscle was screaming at the unnatural stillness. I longed to stretch
  out and rub my aching arms, shoulders and legs. I was already groaning when
  I felt the first soft stroke of the flogger.  
No rabbit tail flogger this time, no easing into it. This time the strikes
  started almost gently but with a definite sting to each one. The tempo picked
  up, the strikes became heavier, harder and I heard Master Michael grunting.
  Each time a swish of air just before the leather bit into me. My groans became
  cries as the leather searched out every inch of my soft ass cheeks. The heat
  flamed, and soon, thank god, I was soaring. The leather became my lover. Taking
  me past the pain, to a place where my awareness shrank to an out of body awareness
  of myself. I became my Master's thing. His slut. I became nothing beyond the
  throbbing nipples, burning cunt and fiery ass that he used for his pleasure.  
When I came to, hands, gentle, strong hands were untying me. My legs were
  straightened out. The hands massaged and soothed my tight aching muscles. The
  clamps and chains and the little rubber bands were all removed and again the
  searing pain exploded through me from my nipples to my clit. As I sobbed, Master
  Robert held me tight to his body, rocking me and stroking my hair while pain
  slowly faded.  
&quot;Hush, baby. Hush now, accept it, baby girl.&quot;  
Then there was the rough-soft touch of his huge thumb brushing tears from
  my cheeks. My eyes closed and with acceptance came another time of drifting.  
I was allowed to sleep for awhile. When I woke up, Master Robert's lap had
  been replaced with a small pillow. It was Master Michael who was gently shaking
  me awake and I wasn't punished for looking up at him when my eyes first opened
  but I quickly lowered them.  
&quot;On your knees, girl.&quot;  
A large bowl of cool water was placed just in front of me. I was dying of
  thirst and my throat felt raw from all of my screaming. Master Michael put
  his hand on the back of my head and gently but steadily pushed my face forward.
  It was a dog bowl. I realized that I was expected to lap up the water. It was
  hard drinking like that but I was so thirsty at that point nothing mattered
  to me but obeying. If this is what Master Michael wished for me, then I knew
  there was a lesson in doing it. As I drank with my ass in the air, splattering
  water and feeling it dripping off my chin and my nose, I understood just what
  that lesson was meant to teach. I was property. I was owned, just as a valued
  pet is owned and cherished. I would be cared for, my needs would be met. There
  would be food and water and a safe place to sleep in. But like any pet, I would
  have to behave. I would obey or there would be punishment until I accepted
  the will of my Master. I would follow his rules, worship him, protect him,
  defend him, and trust him with my life. I would be trained to serve the one
  who owned me and my only purpose would be serving and pleasing. I would be
  the faithful pet at his side. Did I find this humiliating? Strangely, I did
  not. Not in the least. I felt very proud to be lapping water out of a dog bowl
  and coming to understand and accept who I was.  
I emptied the bowl. It was Master James who came for me. He attached the
  leash to the posture collar and led me, crawling on all fours, to a large cushion
  on the floor of the platform.  
&quot;First position, slut,&quot; was all that he said.  
I assumed that kneeling position and he cuffed my wrists behind me again.
  The woman, that woman that I had seen before, stepped in front of me. All I
  could see were her legs, black thigh high fishnet stockings and very fine black
  leather boots to her knees with high platform heels. Her hand twisted into
  my hair and she raised my face up.  
You may look at me, slut.&quot;  
I looked up to a face with the darkest eyes I'd ever seen; they were intense
  and almost black as they appraised me. She wore heavy makeup, dark red lipstick
  and her hair hung down past her shoulders. It was curly, like mine. She wasn't
  what I'd call pretty but she was striking and exuded an air of authority. She
  wore a black leather bra and a matching vest that hung open. A leather thong
  of some kind covered most of her belly but not her ass. Instead of one panel
  of material covering her crotch, there were two bands of leather that divided
  off, running to either side of her labia so that her cunt was exposed. She
  was not shaven and a bush of dark curly hair was displayed. Still holding my
  head up, she stepped closer.  
&quot;I am Mistress Marissa and you will serve me tonight.&quot;  
I whimpered and my heart skipped a beat as I felt the smack of Master James'
  crop on my sore burning ass cheek.  
&quot;Girl, show Mistress Marissa how much you love her pussy. Lick her.
  Service her until she cums on your face.&quot;  
She stepped forward again and straddled my face, still holding my head back
  with her fingers twisting tight in my hair. She gripped my head in between
  her thighs and pressed her cunt down to my mouth. I had to fight the urge to
  gag. The crop stroking my ass focused me though. I began licking, pressing
  my tongue up through her wet slit, circling her clit, nuzzling my face in tighter.
  All the while Master James continued to stroke my ass cheeks with the tip of
  the crop. With that constant reminder I began sucking and even nipping and
  tugging her musky labia. She was grinding her hips and moaning. I thrust my
  tongue deep inside her, wiggling it, slipping it in and out in my effort to
  make her come. I sucked up the slick cream that began pouring out of her cunt.
  There were minutes where I couldn't breathe. I felt I might suffocate from
  her cunt covering and pressing down over my mouth and my nose. At times, I
  would gasp for a breath, only to inhale wet pussy and no air at all. I worked
  harder, concentrating on her clit, tugging it, licking it, then slipping my
  tongue deep inside her again, back and forth like that, my face slick with
  her cream. Finally she screamed and came hard on my face, thrashing and bending
  my head back with her weight as her knees buckled.  
&quot;Ohhhhh fuckkkkk!&quot; She screamed out.  
She ground down hard, rocking over my mouth, while I sucked. At last she
  pulled off me and stepped back.  
&quot;What a cunt sucking bitch this one is!&quot;  
My eyes were lowered, my head held high by the collar and I was shaking.
  I was so grateful that she had been pleased and that I wouldn't be punished.
  Her smell was all over me, it was on my face and in my hair. I was covered
  with her cum. Then she stepped forward again.  
&quot;Clean me up, girl.&quot;  
Closing my eyes, so that I wouldn't look in her face, I began licking. Long,
  slow, deep licks, with my tongue flattened. I licked up through her wet slit,
  her cunt, her bushy hair, the puffed labia and her hard, swollen clit, seeking
  to clean her thoroughly. I even darted my tongue inside her again.  
I had only succeeded in arousing her again. She started grinding down hard
  on my face but this time she came quickly and hard. Her strong thighs squeezed
  tight on the sides of my head, locking my mouth to her. Again a flood of her
  hot cum filled my mouth. I could feel her quivering and then she suddenly released
  me and staggered back.  
&quot;Thank you, Mistress Marissa, for the honor of serving you.&quot; I
  whispered.  
Master James seemed very pleased by that. He put his hand on my head and
  stroked my hair.  
&quot;Good girl. You may go but wear Mistress Marissa's cum until you get
  home.&quot;  
I crawled to the room where my clothes were and dressed. I knew I wouldn't
  be able to stand my thong or my bra touching my nipples and clit, so I carried
  them out with me. My face was still wet with her cum. I hoped no one would
  see me on the way home and yet I felt good, felt proud that I'd made it through
  one whole session without being punished. It felt good to please.  
Author's Note: This is the last update
    to this work that will be posted. These three sessions and the remaining
    seventeen comprise a three volume trilogy. The first of these volumes is
    entitled &ndash; "Seeking". Anyone with further interest in the journals
    is welcome to e mail me. Estabanbacca(at)yahoo(dot)com.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





