BDSM Library - Death's Door




Death's Door
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Something for everyone... the tale of a girl.. captured and thrust into the world of violence, slavery and sexual pleasure... will she ever feel safe?She lay there, waiting. Her sweat-covered body was racked with frightened
  sobs, her breathing shallow and ragged, her eyes drooping, yet panicked. She
  had been in this state of panic for three days. A tube that penetrated the
  hood let water through once a day, but the two small tubes that pierced her
  nostrils were the only source of air. The most torturous device of all, wasn't
  even touching her. The end had been sharpened to a point, the shaft long and
  narrow, like that of a broom. It was aimed at her private core, the tip sometimes
  nipping her if she moved around too much. At the end of the shaft, was another
  shaft attached at an angle. This shaft was attached to the door. Should the
  door open quickly, the tip would rip into her.  
Her body shivered. She could never tell what time it was, and knew only how
  many days she had been like this by counting the drinks she received. She had
  long ago accepted that she was waiting for her rescuer to kill her. Someone
  barging heroically through the door would cause the tip to rip right through
  her, probably, she guessed, up through her neck. She wondered if it would be
  painful, or if death and numbness would come quickly. She heard footsteps,
  heavy, thundering footsteps. Through the hood, they were muffled slightly,
  but she felt them and heard them regardless. She knew the window of the door
  would slide back, and he would look in, making sure she was alive.  
Her body practically went into cardiac arrest when she heard the doorknob
  squeak. Oh god, she thought, horrified that death was about to come. But the
  door inched open, and she felt the tip of the shaft penetrate, but slowly and
  smoothly, the tip actually pushing past, instead of tearing through. He was
  right, she thought, only her bold rescuer would be the one to kill her.  
Suddenly, she felt the tug of the tubes being yanked from her nostrils. At
  first she panicked, thinking she would suffocate, but a gush of air hit her
  face, then blinding light as the latex was ripped and peeled off her face.
  She shivered and trembled in fear, blinking as the light hit her eyes. Her
  chest heaved with panic, her eyes trying to adjust, darting around wildly,
  a flicker of hope that this person was her rescuer.  
"Stay still, ya piece of shit!" came the confirmation that this was not her
  rescuer.  
Her body froze instantly. She knew the consequences of disobeying when he
  was in this kind of mood. Her scars and a few broken bones taught her to obey.
  Obedience had been forced, then enforced, until it was second nature. Fear
  was an excellent teacher.  
She felt the straps being released from their strong hold on her body. One
  by one, the straps snapped away. She knew she couldn't walk, he had made certain
  of that by keeping her in the same position for three days, with just water
  keeping her alive. Her last morsel of food was the bits left on the chicken
  bones he had thrown her&hellip; five days ago.  
He dragged her off the platform, not caring as her body crashed to the ground.
  He kept dragging her, not even pausing, to the other side of the huge room.
  She knew better than to scream. He didn't like her to make noises at all, unless
  he had told her he wanted to hear her scream. Her body trembled as he neared "the
  corner". Her eyes darted around, her mind praying at warp speed that he wasn't
  going to do this to her again.  
But he did.  
He lifted the lid and dropped her in. She fell hard on the bars that made
  up the floor. A rubber-spiked mat hit her head. He was in a good mood after
  all, she thought &ndash; he had given her a bed. She immediately bowed her
  head to the floor, her forehead touching the steel bar as a way of thanking
  him for the mat. He grunted, then walked away.  
As she lay down on the mat, the tiny rubber spikes digging into her wounds,
  she prayed&hellip; she prayed that her body would simply release her&hellip; and
  die. Wishing for death was somewhat new to her&hellip; but right now, death
  was the only comforting thought. Thoughts of being rescued vanished as the
  lid of the cage slammed shut, the huge padlock clicking into place.  
She will be rescued soon, thought the Captain. He frowned and gulped as he
  wondered if they would be rescuing HER, or her corpse&hellip; he turned to
  his lieutenant. The look on the younger man's face read easily&hellip; he was
  wondering the same thing.  
Chapter 2...  
 
  She was falling... faster and further into the black hole, her body falling
      and falling, her screams long since silenced to a mere hoarse whisper..
      the frightening impact as she reaches the bottom the only thing on her
      mind...   
&quot;Git up, ya fuckin' worthless piece of trash!&quot; came the booming
  shout.  
Her eyes snapped open, her body jolting to her real world. She scrambled
  to rise and kneel. Thick, rough fingers snapped through the cage, poking at
  her side.  
&quot;Looks like I finally took care of the blubber on your lard-ass, huh
  slut?&quot; he spat, pinching her nipple hard.  
She gasped, tears welling up in her sunken, now dull, blue eyes. She knew
  better than to scream or cry out. The lid of the cage opened and she felt his
  thick, beefy arm pulling her out.  
Once on the floor, she wasn't even given a chance to move before he took
  ahold of her hair, dragging her to the side of the room. He roughly grasped
  her upper arm and threw her onto the scale.  
&quot;See, shithead? 105 pounds. I knew when I first brought ya here that
  you could lose that blubber and stop looking like such a fucking whale. And
  I knew that if I just didn't feed your worthless ass, your tits would stay
  the same size. You'll bring a good price, fucknut. If you can behave yourself
  and not be such a fucking whining cunt.&quot;  
She barely heard him. He poked at her again a few times, making sure her
  ribs had indeed been brought near the surface, and slapped her ass hard. He
  grabbed her arm painfully tight, yanking her upwards until she was standing,
  then shoved her a few feet until she was in front of a mirror.  
&quot;Now look at you, ya fucking cunt. Ain't you a daisy?&quot; he barked,
  slapping the back of her head.  
Slowly she raised her eyes, seeing the ghost that looked back at her in the
  mirror. Her collar bone had jutted out, her shoulders boney, her ribs showing
  slightly. Her waist was barely there, her hips narrowed, her pelvic bone nearly
  poking through her skin. She lowered her eyes, not wanting to see the hideous
  starving creature that was haunting her reflection. He was right - no one would
  ever recognize her even if she did escape... worst of all... she didn't recognize
  herself... couldn't even remember her name.  
The cruel, hard hand wrapped around the back of her neck and roughly guided
  her forward. Down three corridors and she was at the shower stall. Scalding
  hot water shot out at her, and she found herself clamping her hand over her
  mouth to keep from screaming.  
A fistful of powder was thrown at her, puffing out all over her body. He
  used only the harshest detergent on her formerly sensitive skin. He grabbed
  a scrub brush and started going over her body, the bristles scratching along
  her skin. He stopped suddenly, frowning.  
&quot;It's your lucky day, shithead. Looks like the brush is gonna make you
  redder than a Budweiser label. That won't be good, cuz them bidders is gonna
  think you're a bad one, and you won't get me money.&quot; and he grabbed a
  cloth, rubbing the soap into her skin. He pushed her back under the water,
  which had since gone cold.  
Shampoo and conditioner were dumped on her head and roughly rubbed into her
  hair. It smelled good, but that was the only pleasure she had been allowed.
  A metal-link dog collar was snapped around her neck, and with a hard jerk,
  she followed him, almost falling over when he went the opposite direction from
  the room she had been kept in.  
She passed rows and rows of prison cells, most of them containing some vicious-looking,
  scarred men who came up to the bars, shouting out at her, their arms threaded
  through the bars, grabbing at air as she was whisked past.  
&quot;Fuck off, shitheads!&quot; he shouted at them, &quot;she ain't your
  dessert, she's my payday!&quot;  
A few more turns and they were outside, surrounded by chain-link and barbed
  wire fences. A van was waiting, and after he opened the door, he shoved her
  in, making sure to kick her ass with his boot, sending her flying into the
  van's far interior wall. He roughly shoved a huge ballgag in her mouth, buckling
  the strap so tight it almost cut into her cheeks.  
He snapped the collar to the metal bar that had been attached to the inside
  of a crate, and shoved her whole body in with it. He slammed the door of the
  crate and told her to shut up.  
&quot;You sit there, shut the fuck up, and if I catch you even breathing
  loud, I'll thump your fucking skull!&quot; he shouted, slamming his fist down
  on the top of the crate.  
He climbed back out and shut the door, leaving the trembling girl inside.
  Just as he turned to walk around the van, he noticed a car coming up the driveway.
  He saw the police markings and scrambled to push the button for the gate to
  open.  
The police car pulled in, and he walked right up beside it, tipping his hat
  to the driver and passenger of the cruiser.  
&quot;Mornin' Officers, what can I do ya for?&quot;  
The Captian nodded slightly. &quot;Hi Rusty. We're looking for a young woman.
  She disappeared about 50 miles west of Nashville, and we been lookin' and asking
  if anyone had seen her.&quot;  
Rusty didn't even blink. &quot;Ya reckon one of my inmates got 'er?&quot;  
The Captian shrugged. &quot;Maybe. Keep an ear out if any of 'em talk about
  doing something with a young woman.&quot;  
&quot;Well the only one who came here recently is Kraemer, and he came nearly
  four weeks ago. When did you say this girl went missin'?&quot;  
This time the Lieutenant spoke up. &quot;Her boss reported her missing four
  and a half weeks ago, said she left for work on her lunch hour and never came
  back.&quot;  
Rusty nodded, trying to appear concerned. &quot;Well I'll be sure to keep
  an ear out for any talk, but I doubt I'll have much luck - they's a noisy bunch
  in there, but they keep their yaps shut when the boss is nearby.&quot;  
The Captain nodded. &quot;Thanks, Rusty. Call if you hear anything.&quot;  
With that, the police car pulled away and back out of the prison as quickly
  as it came, leaving Rusty to sigh with relief. He climbed behind the wheel
  of the van and pulled out, turning east towards the dog-fighting arena inside
  Hank Cassidy's barn. Tonight is payday, was his repeated thought.  
Rusty's van was bad enough... Rusty's van heading down a long gravel driveway
  with more potholes than the Grand Canyon, just about knocked the poor girl
  out. She was dirty, sweaty, bruised and close to tears... again.  
Rusty mercifully brought the van to a stop and climbed out. A few minutes
  later, two huge, dirty men in denim overalls opened the side door and grabbed
  the crate. They wrenched open the door and after unclipping the collar, dragged
  the contents out. The contents being, of course, the girl wearing that collar.  
&quot;Don't treat her like she;s fine china, Billy! Git on now... go get
  her ready. I'm gonna make me some money toooonight!&quot; laughed Rusty, slapping
  the back of a guy in a suit.  
&quot;Don't worry Mr. Haggert. She will be treated the same as all the girls.
  Hope she doesn't mind wood splinters... they can feel pretty nasty after a
  few hours.&quot;  
The two men laughed as they walked away. The girl watched, then wheeled her
  mind to focus on balance as she was shoved ahead and wrenched back at the same
  time.  
&quot;Move it, cunt!&quot; one of the men barked at her.  
She wouldn't be able to take much more, she thought. She tried desperately
  to remember her name... come on, she thought.. it's there somewhere.. her name..
  surely someone in the crowd before her would rescue her... if only she knew
  her name.  
She was led into a huge red barn and through a few corridors of cows with
  their heads sticking through the bars of the stalls. They looked at her with
  their huge, brown-black eyes, as if she were an inmate on death row. She half-expected
  them to start screaming.. dead man walkin'!  
&quot;You like them cattle, cunt? They'd like you, ya know... could give
  the auction quite a show.. alls we'd have to do is strap ya up tight and show
  those bulls the way home...&quot;  
The girl whipped her head around, her eyes widened with fear, her head shaking,
  pleading.. no.. please... god no...  
Both men laughed and kept dragging her down the aisle. She was thankful when
  they reached a circular room full of people. The first thing she saw, were
  half-starved women hung up against posts everywhere. The two men dragged her
  over to one of the posts and brought her wrists up and over her head, attaching
  them there. She was forced to stand on her toes, her eyes darting everywhere.  
Her stomach turned... literally flip-flopping. A man approached with two
  younger men following. &quot;This must be one of Rusty's. He likes to starve
  them like this... what's your name, slave?&quot;  
She was startled that she was even being talked to, much less asked a perfectly
  normal question. &quot;i... uh...&quot; she lowered her eyes and bowed her
  head.  
&quot;See? Doesn't even know her name. Yup, she's one of Rusty's alright.
  Obedient to the bone, I'd bet... not good for the long haul, though. Put her
  down at 40.&quot;  
She blinked, wondering what that meant, and peered at the two men who had
  scribbled something into two little black books. Just then, a heavyset, rough
  man slapped a sticker on her hip. She was number 6.  
She gulped, her stomach still churning. Fear ripped through her, but a sense
  of relief came as well. If someone bought her, she wouldn't be under Rusty
  anymore. However, the one nagging fear that kept intruding on her positive
  thoughts... was the chance of being bought by someone worse...  
 
  A man approached her. He was dressed in a dark suit like many others, but this
      guy was dressed in what had to be Armani. The way he walked, spelled confidence.
      He stopped just before her, his eyes feasting on her body. For the first
      time since she was taken, the girl blushed. He never smiled, his frown
      of concentration never breaking.   
His hand reached for her, his thumb and finger rolling her nipple, which,
  to her surprise, became erect immediately. Her eyes darted around, wondering
  if he was allowed to touch her, since no one else had. Then, his hand snapped
  downward, his fingers pinching her clit. His other hand shot up and pinched
  her nipple, and he pressed his body against hers.  
&quot;When I squeeze hard, you better cum just as hard, slave.&quot; he practically
  hissed.  
Then he pinched and rolled at the same time. Her body shuddered violently,
  shook and trembled, then she came... hard.  
He stepped back, wiping his hands on her hair, and grabbed a notebook from
  his back pocket, jotting down notes. She gasped, blinking back the shock of
  what just happened. That didn't happen, she told herself. No way did that just
  happen.  
Her original escorts approached her, grabbed her, unhooked her wrists, and
  shoved her through a set of doors.  
As she waited to be hosed down and slicked up, her mind wandered to the stranger
  who had made her explode. Her only thought, was if he would buy her. Then her
  only thought, was wondering if that would be a good thing... or a fatal move
  for her.  
She stood quietly, her arms cuffed in front of her, a heavy silver collar
  around her neck, with a medium-length matching leash attached to it. On the
  other end of the leash, was a tall, beefy-looking man with army-style crew
  cut and a no-nonsense attitude. She switched her weight slightly, and he jerked
  the leash harshly, his eyes cutting into her. Her feet were pinched into insanely
  high heels that seemed to be a size too small. She lowered her head immediately,
  trying to to even breathe.  
&quot;Thank you, ladies and gentleman - wasn't that fun? Very well done,
  and best of luck, Mr. Gianni, with your purchase. Ok, next we have lot number
  6. Please check your programs for Lot 6.. thank you.&quot;  
Another hard jerk of the leash and she was forced to lunge forward, clumsily
  making her way onto a large platform. Beefy, as she called her escort, led
  her up the pole standing in the middle of the platform. He jerked her closer,
  then backed her up until her back was squished againt the cold steel of the
  pole. He held her at her chest while his other hand grabbed her wrists and
  held them high above her head, clipping the cuffs to a ring high up on the
  pole. She was forced to her very tippy-toes, even raising the bottom of her
  heel off the floor. She cringed in discomfort at having to be that high on
  her toes, but from the look on Beefy's face, she wasn't about to openly complain.  
Just when she was getting used standing that way,. Beefy and another huge
  mammoth of a man grabbed each foot, spreading her legs wide apart, and cuffing
  each ankle to another ring via some lengths of cable. She was now nearly sitting,
  her pussy totally exposed for the entire room to see, her legs wide apart,
  her chest exposed as her arms were raised high above her head.  
Tears stung her eyes as she realized what her life had become... she was
  a mere object... like that of an antique being gawked upon by a hundred potential
  bidders. She shook slightly, her eyes wild with panic. She looed between the
  crowd and the auctioneer. The auctioneer smiled and started to process...  
&quot;Alright ladies and gents... lot number 6 here... let's start at $50..&quot;  
$50? she thought... was she worth a mere half a hundred bucks?  
The crowd erupted with laughter. The auctioneer chuckled, knowing full well
  what the poor girl was thinking.  
&quot;Alright, alright.. let's start the bidding.. who will give me ten..
  ten anyone?&quot;  
Someone raised their hand, because he jumped to 15.. then 20...thenhe stopped
  suddenly. &quot;Come on, Ladies.. Gentleman... this is absolutely pathetic..
  what would you like done, hmmmn? 55.. ridiculous amount! This one is already
  trained... completely obedient, and look at that pussy.. delightfully small...
  a real treasure, I must say!&quot;  
Shouts were brought forth from the crowd. The poor girl started trembling,
  hearing the demands for what she knew would be torture. Beefy approached her
  with an enormous dildo. Beefy snapped his fingers, and at once, her ankles
  were being brought up higher, her hips elevating until she was farther up than
  a pike position... she could barely see the crowd as her raised legs were in
  the way.  
Beefy first took his finger, plunging it into her pussy. She moaned almost
  silently, her stomach churning nervously. She had seen the size of the dildo..
  and knew there was no way in hell...  
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! she screamed as the dildo was thrusted into
  her pussy. The huge cylinder pushed its way past the lips, filling her inner
  soul, touching every wall. She writhed until the snap of a crop on her breast
  snapped her back to attention. She glared at Beefy, who stood holding the crop
  in one hand, the end of the dildo in the other. He pushed some more, until
  cheering resumed full-force and the bidding took off once more.  
Beefy kept the huge intrusion deep in her pussy. Tears stung the girl's eyes
  as her body tried to make way for the huge device. She heard more shouts, and
  sighed with relief when the device was promptly removed. Suddenly, she felt
  a cold gel on her ass, and then reality sunk in. Oh god no, she thought.. oh
  please.. not that!  
She felt Beefy's finger jab her hole, then she felt the tip of the huge dildo
  at her anal opening. She screamed as loud as she could, her hips bucking, her
  head shaking back and forth. She ignored the hard cracks of the crop as it
  struck her breasts again and again. She ignored the cheers and whistles from
  the crowd... all she could think of... was tensing every mucles she could to
  prevent that enormous THING from entering her ass.  
Beefy's fingers dropped the crop and reached for her pussy, taking a hold
  of her clit and squeezing hard. Her eyes popped open and she gasped, her muscles
  letting go suddenly. Beefy took full advantage and thrust hard, pushing the
  dildo past her opening and fully into her ass. She screamed as if she had been
  torn in two, much to the crowd's delight.  
Bidding resumed at $123,000...  
&quot;SOLD! to Mr. Stewart for 1.2. Well done, Ladies and Gentlemen, my that
  was fun, wasn;t it? Ok, Lot 7 next. Everyone look at your programmes, Lot 7!&quot;  
The poor girl was taken down, the horrendous dildos painfully removed
    from her holes, and jerkingly led off stage. She was taken down a hall, then
    through a room and down another few hallways, into an enormous ballroom-type
    room. There were huge, overstuffed chairs all around the room, arranged in
    three circles. Beefy led her to the middle circle, to a black, leather chair.
    There were rings all over the floor as well, some brass, some silver, some
    gold. There were silver rings attached to each chair, and this is where Beefy
    attached her collar.  
  She groaned slightly. Her head was forced to tip to the side, as her collar
  was clipped directly to the ring via numbered padlock. There was no chain or
  anything which would allow her head any movement. She was also forced to kneel
  on a rubber mat beside the chair... and wait.   
Wait she did. Several hours of wondering who Mr. Stewart is, what
    he would be like, if she was his only slave, or if he had others. She wondered
    how wealthy he was to have purchased a girl for $1.2 million. She blinked
    back at that figure. Gosh, she thought, 1.2 million dollars... for her? Her
    eyes narrowed at the thought that he paid that much because she &quot;handled&quot; the
    dildo torture. Her mind drifted to horrid thoughts of constant torture, cruel
    punishments, and soon decided that she felt more at ease with Rusty and the
    prison. 
  She had a long wait. It was well over four hours before clothes people started
  to wander in. Nakes slaves had been trickling in the entire time, some seem
  unaffected by it all, others seemed like they would crawl the walls. Her eyes
  searched for anyone who looked like their name could be Mr. Stewart, but no
  one even looked at her. Everyone had already been seated and were chatting
  with each other, and still the chair she was chained to, sa empty. Feeling
  empty and alone, her head sunk low, her legs far past the point of numbness
  from kneeling so long. She didn't even see the man approach until she felt
  the chair move slightly and his feet come into view. Expensive, black leather
  shoes were her only clue to the man who sat next to her.   
&quot;I know you're wondering why you had to wait so long. It's simple. I
  refuse to come near my slave until she is in the proper position. Right now,
  you are kneeling, your head and eyes are pointed to the floor. That, My slave,
  is the correct position. Any variation from that position is an embarrassment
  to me, and will cause a great deal of punishment to you.&quot;  
She didn't dare budge, not even to nod or shake her head. She stared straight
  at the floor, her body shaking visibly.  
&quot;Now then, let Me explain the rules, slave...&quot;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  crimson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





