BDSM Library - Remembering the Past




Remembering the Past
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Expecting another boring business trip, a man is surprised when he finds himself caught up in a web of intrigue.AUTHOR'S NOTE:   
This story was co-written with BlackShadowMaster. For his help, support,
  patience and understanding, he has my deepest thanks and gratitude. He is a
  great source of ideas and is wonderful at bringing them to life.  
Since the codes for the story have to be predetermined before the story is
  posted (and I can't change them with each new chapter) I guessed at what codes
  I will be incorporating. I apologize if the code you were looking for was not
  in the chapters posted so far &ndash; I am intending to get to it. And I also
  apologize if I add something to the story for which I did not chose that code:
  it wasn't in my original design, but I have been known to change things as
  I write.  
To make it a little easier, I will post a set of codes for each chapter at
  the beginning, so you can know what to expect.  
Thanks also to Sailor861 for proofreading this for me; his tireless efforts
  have greatly improved my typing errors and grammatical mistakes.  
I hope you enjoy!!!  
Cheers, Anon.  
REMEMBERING THE PAST   
Chapter Codes: M/f, lactation, bondage, D/s, job/real, romantic,
      reluctant   
Chapter 1   
Aaron Williams was on one of his regular business trips; however, the hotel
  he was staying at was anything but normal. In fact, it used to be an old castle
  set in a remote area of England. It was cold, drafty, and highly impersonal.
  For a moment Aaron longed for the comfort of his one bedroom apartment in Canada.
  But as a computer expert, his job required that he sometimes travel to remote
  places to network the "outback" to the web and the rest of the world. Mostly
  he could do it from the corporate office but there were times when he needed
  to be on-site at the beginning to get everything up and running.  
He was just about to settle in for the night, when he heard the soft cry
  coming from down the hall. &quot;Help me,&quot; it whispered hauntingly.  
"Hmm." Aaron was always one to lend a hand whenever needed. Therefore, he
  did not hesitate to quickly throw on pants, a shirt, and nothing else, as he
  went to investigate who was in need of aid. His footsteps echoed in the empty
  hallway on the hard, gray stone. It seemed even colder here in the hallway,
  if that were possible. It was hard to see, for there were only a few dim lights
  in the passageway. It was probably nothing of importance. Someone lost and
  looking for the lobby. He could see how that could happen. The castle was old,
  with many twisting, turning corridors, some of which led to dead ends. They
  really should put signs up, he thought in annoyance, as he traveled towards
  the source of the strange plea.  
As he went, he heard moans coming from the direction he was headed; encouraged,
  he picked up his pace. At last, the corridor ended, but there was nothing there.
  No door, no continuing corridor; just a dead end. Aaron was about to turn back
  and retrace his steps, when a low moan reached his ears. The odd thing was,
  it seemed to be coming from behind the wall. Frustrated, he put his hand out
  to lean against the solid stone, only to have a portion of the wall move slightly.  
Using his superbly sculpted muscles, he pushed the section of the wall. Slowly,
  inch-by-inch, it slid open revealing a secret room hidden inside. The room
  was aglow with candles everywhere, even from the ceiling in large, wrought-iron
  chandeliers, surrounding a large king-size bed in the middle of the room. Two
  night tables were on either side, with a vase of purple roses on one. On the
  walls hung pictures of detailed landscapes; almost giving the impression that
  one was outside, rather than in this dank castle. This room seemed to come
  alive somehow, as if there were a certain life, a vitality in it that could
  not be diminished or repressed.  
As he stepped into the room, the hidden door fell silently shut behind him.
  The room was warm, he noted, most likely from the raging fire in the fireplace
  to his right. So much nicer than the rest of this place. He wondered why they
  kept it hidden.  
A small movement caught his attention to his left. There was a woman standing
  naked in the corner. Her arms were bound by the wrists, the chain attached
  to a hook in the ceiling above her head, causing her breasts to stick out enticingly.
  She was standing on her tiptoes, stretched to her full height, which still
  was not very tall compared to him. Long blonde hair felt in a straight sheet
  behind her. She shifted under his gaze and something struck him as odd. It
  took a moment to realize what it was.  
Her breasts were large, beautifully shaped, with big, dark pink nipples sticking
  out in the middle. But what was strange was when she moved, rather than bouncing
  slightly, as they would normally, they seem stiff - as if they were hard, rather
  than soft and yielding. She looked at him with large brown eyes. &quot;Help
  me,&quot; she whispered.  
"Who are you and how did you get here?" Aaron asked, wondering who on earth
  would have left a gorgeous creature like this chained and helpless. Would they
  soon come back? Where they in danger?  
She shook her head slowly. &quot;Please...?" Her eyes seemed to show such
  depth of emotion, as if she were calling to him, begging him to give the aid
  that she so desperately sought.  
He went towards the naked beauty that stood bound in front of him. Once again
  he asked her, "Who are you? Who did this to you?"  
Seeing the concern in his eyes, she answered, &quot;I am Carlin. I was bound
  like this at my request&hellip;I thought it would be fun. I am the owner of
  the hotel. It has been so hard, since my husband passed away. I needed a break,
  some time alone. So I had the nanny chain me like this and take my baby for
  the night. But I did not think that my milk would come in so quickly! My breasts...they
  ache so much. Please, just relieve the pressure.&quot; His eyebrow raised in
  surprise from her request.  
She lowered her eyes to the floor. She could not believe that she was being
  so bold to a complete stranger. Carlin had simply thought that her nanny would
  bind her and leave her for the night. Just a little harmless fun - an indulgent
  fantasy. Never had she thought that her milk would come in so quickly. It never
  had before. Indeed, she had spent many nights sleeping in absolute comfort.
  So why now? Why tonight of all nights?  
She looked up at the handsome stranger once more, a shiver of desire flowing
  down her spine. He was gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Those rippling muscles
  were to die for, and he was so tall that she had to crane her neck just to
  look up at him. He could easily overpower her and the thought made her wet.
  Would he notice? Her cheeks flooded with colour, and she quickly looked down
  at the floor again. It had been so long. Almost two years since her husband
  had passed away. He had not even known she was pregnant at the time. And she
  had not been with another man since. Had not even wanted to. Until now.  
She ventured a shy glance beneath her lashes. "Perhaps if you simply get
  me the key, I can take care of this problem myself. It's just over there, on
  the bedside table&hellip;" her voice trailed off as he met her gaze. His eyes
  were a dark chocolate brown. She always had been a sucker for chocolate. She
  felt as though she were melting. The juices from her pussy slowly trickled
  between her legs. Desperately, she squeezed them tightly together, hoping he
  wouldn't notice. But her breasts were not so easy to disguise. As her heart
  pounded with the slightest amount of fear of this stranger, for she really
  did not know him at all or what he was capable of, her desire started to overtake
  the feeling of cautiousness. Or perhaps the power she sensed in him simply
  added to the thrill. He could be dangerous, but after the mundane existence
  she had been living lately, this was incredibly exciting. That was when she
  felt the milk start to trickle from her over-filled breasts. Slowly, a drop
  ran down first her left breast, then her right, out of her erect nipple down
  its creamy fullness, hanging there, just about to drip.  
Mortified, she lowered her head and squeezed her eyes tightly shut, praying
  he did not understand the significance of what her body was clearly showing
  him: she wanted him. Perhaps he would simply unbind her and leave. That would
  be the simplest thing, and would accomplish what she asked for &ndash; to relieve
  the pressure in her breasts - for once she was free she could take care of
  the problem herself. However, she could not help but think of the other ways
  that he would be able to accomplish that task. She had never been so bold with
  a man before in her life, even in her mind. Maybe he would simply forget this
  ever happened. Her heart hammered in protest, and a lone tear slid down her
  cheek. No, there was something about him that simply felt right, like this
  was the way it was supposed to be. Should he choose to lower his head and kiss
  her, it would be the most glorious thing in the world; she was sure of it.
  More than likely he would simply hand her the key and go. Then the loneliness,
  the aching deep inside her, would remain. Only one thing would fill that void,
  but she was not at all sure this handsome stranger would be the one to fulfill
  that need. She refused to open her eyes at all, as she whispered, "Hand me
  the key."  
When he remain silent and unmoving, she spoke again, &quot;Please&hellip;&quot; She
  was begging him now, desperate for a way out of this embarrassing situation. &quot;Give
  me the key.&quot;  
"Give you the keys? It would be extremely difficult to undo the cuffs, chained
  as you are. Most likely you would simply drop the key."  
She looked at him pleadingly. &quot;Then unlock the cuffs for me? Please,
  sir?&quot;  
He smiled at her, like a wolf who had cornered its prey. "On one condition.
  You come with me to my room so as we can talk."  
She shifted restlessly. &quot;Can't we talk here?&quot;  
"Why here?" his eyes narrowed suspiciously.  
She met his gaze steadily. &quot;This room is special to me. I feel comfortable
  here. The rest of the castle can be so...impersonal.&quot;  
He seemed to relax, almost satisfied with her answer. "And we won't be disturbed
  here?"  
She wasn't quite sure how to answer. She did not want to upset him and wanted
  him to unlock her. At the same time, she did not want him to think that she
  would be totally at his mercy. After all, he was still a stranger. She didn't
  even know his name.  
&quot;Errr...no.&quot; She briefly glanced at the phone on the bedside table;
  knowing help was only a phone call away if it came to that. However, when she
  looked into the man's eyes again, she had a feeling that she wouldn't be needing
  it. Something deep inside her told her that she could trust him, but that almost
  scared her as much as anything else.  
As he saw the look on her face he took the keys and came close to her to
  unchain her wrists. He could not help but to press against her gently as he
  reached for the cuffs that held her prisoner. He could feel her full breasts
  touching his body and the wetness from them dampened his shirt. He could see
  Carlin biting her lip; a soft moan, which she tried to stifle, still managed
  to reach his ears. He looked down at her as he was loosening the chains, never
  once breaking eye contact as he diligently went about his task.  
He was so close. She could smell him from here, could feel his strength,
  his power calling to her. It seemed like forever that she was pressed up against
  him, when finally she was free, her hands falling down to her sides. She moved
  quickly, stepping around him towards the bed. She tugged on the sheet and wrapped
  the blanket firmly around her naked body, covering herself from his knowing
  gaze.  
&quot;Just give me a second,&quot; she said, as she headed towards a door
  beside the one he had entered. She made no move to close the door, or hide
  her movements. He could see her in the bathroom, as she picked up a cup from
  beside the sink, before she headed back to sit beside the fire.  
Her breasts were killing her. She just needed to express a little milk to
  relieve the tension. As she sat, she watched him, discretely slipping her hands
  beneath the blanket to her nipples. &quot;Thank you for helping me.&quot;  
He turned to answer her when he saw what she was doing. For a moment he was
  speechless, staring in amazement at the beautiful sight in front of him. Slowly,
  so he would not scare her, he headed towards the rug in front of the fireplace
  where she was sitting. He looked her in the eyes and asked, "Why are you doing
  that?"  
Her face turned beet red, as she shrugged the blanket higher around her shoulders,
  trying to hide herself. &quot;I...I need to relieve the pressure.&quot;  
"Well, you look like you're not having much success with that."  
She looked down at the milk, which was spilling everywhere, soaking the blanket.
  So much for the cup she had brought. She hung her head, totally embarrassed
  to have a stranger find her in this state.  
His voice was calm and reassuring. "I have seen you naked, do you really
  think you need to cover yourself in front of me now?"  
She looked away from him, into the fire. &quot;I&hellip;I'm not used to being
  naked in front of strangers.&quot; She paused for a moment. &quot;I don't even
  know your name.&quot;  
"My name is Aaron."  
She smiled at him, her eyes twinkling with pleasure. &quot;That's a nice
  name.&quot;  
"Thank you, as is yours. Now that you know my name, am I still a stranger?"  
She blushed again. She did not understand why he was still here. He had rescued
  her, had come to her aid, but she was no longer in need of his services. And
  yet he lingered.  
Did he want something from her? She glanced up again and remembered the feel
  of his hard body pressed against hers. Damn, her milk started to flow from
  both breasts, trickling down her body. She valiantly tried to move the cup
  back and forth, as the blanket dropped, leaving her exposed once again. Why
  did he have to be so gorgeous? Why did she have to feel attraction towards
  his man?  
"You look like you're having some problems there. Can I help in any way?
  Would you like me to get you more cups? Do they hurt?"  
She looked up at him again, for a brief second the laughter showing clearly
  in her eyes at his rush of questions. Then she sobered. There were no more
  cups in her bathroom. If he was to get another one he would have to leave,
  and she didn't want that. She didn't want him to go. &quot;Yes, they hurt.
  A lot.&quot; Especially now that he was staring at them, they seemed to throb,
  aching in her chest.  
He felt sorry for her, for the pain she was going through. He sat down beside
  her and slowly eased his way closer to her. "Do you trust me?"  
She looked into his brown eyes, drowning in their depths. Her mouth went
  dry, and she could not speak, so she simply nodded at him. After all, he had
  helped her when she needed it. He could have taken advantage of her, but he
  had not. As her head bobbed, she knew it to be true. She did trust him, this
  stranger - Aaron.  
"Then allow me to help you with your pain."  
Again, she could only nod, not quite knowing what he meant. He gradually
  lowered his head down to her left breast, slowly took her nipple in his mouth
  and began to suck on her full breast.  
She let out a gasp of surprise, her fingers instinctively tangling in his
  dark hair, cradling him. She could feel the milk spurting out now. With each
  tug on her teat, she could feel the heat of desire stabbing straight to her
  womb. It was throbbing now, in time with his sucks. Lost in the feeling, she
  closed her eyes, her head falling back slightly as she arched towards him.
  Taking more of her breast in his mouth he sucked deeper, swallowing all that
  she had to offer him from her ample breasts. Her milk tasted so pure and almost
  sweet to his mouth.  
Slowly the ache in her breast was relieved, but the ache between her legs
  remain.  
He loved how she held his head as he sucked on her breast. She ran her fingers
  through his slightly longish brown hair, over and over again, loving the feel
  of him against her. His goatee scratched against her breast, but only served
  to heighten the desire. She let him suck, riding on the waves of passion flowing
  through her, until her left breast was almost empty. &quot;Please...the other
  one.&quot;  
As he adjusted himself to suck on her right breast, his hard cock rubbed
  against her leg. He looked up at her, as he took her nipple in his mouth and
  began to suckle the milk out of her breast. At the first tug on her nipple
  she cried out; the breast was so full a stab of pain radiated from her teat.
  But that only added to her desire. Suddenly, she knew she was going to cum,
  right here, right now, with only his mouth at her breast. The feelings were
  too intense, and her whole body was throbbing. She arched more firmly against
  him, his arousal digging into her leg, and felt her body start to shake.  
&quot;Ohhhhh...Aaron...&quot; she moaned. Her labia clenched and unclenched
  in time with the muscles inside her body. She was so wet, so aroused, she could
  not stop it. Her whole body tingled, as she felt her body spiral out of control.  
Hearing his name like that made him suck even harder and made him push his
  hard cock against her to let her know how much he enjoyed this intimate act.
  She screamed loudly as she climaxed, making no attempt to hold anything back
  or hide from him. Knowing that she had cum just from his sucking excited him
  even more then he could ever imagine.  
She could feel the sticky juice of her cum traveling down her legs as she
  cradled his head, her body pulsing in a glorious afterglow. She had never thought
  anything could be so magnificent. She looked down at him, and smiled. &quot;Thank
  you,&quot; she whispered.  
Seeing her smile he took another chance and slowly started to take off first
  his wet shirt, then his pants. She laid back on the blanket, which had fallen
  heedlessly on the floor, her body still pulsing pleasantly. Through her lashes
  she watch him. How long had it been since she had been with a man?  
As his pants fell to the floor, his hard cock came into clear view. She let
  out a soft gasp at the width of his engorged member. Despite having borne a
  child he was going to stretch her; she knew it. For a moment she bit her lower
  lip, gazing at her own stomach, the stretch marks that marred its smoothness.
  He had seen her naked, but did he think her beautiful?  
As if he could read her thoughts, he let a finger trail along one of the
  many lines across her abdomen. His fingers were caressing, lovingly, in such
  a manner to ease any thought of insecurity she may have had. His touch reassured
  her in a way words could not have done.  
He lowered himself to her and softly kissed her on the lips. She opened her
  mouth, yielding to him. She could taste the milk there, that sweet taste, and
  her body started to throb with need once again. Spreading her legs, she offered
  herself to him. After the kindness he had shown tonight, and the pleasure he
  had brought, he could do with her as he pleased; she would submit to him fully,
  in any way he desired.  
Without any effort he let his cock find the opening of her wet pussy. He
  could feel the heat of her women-hood - the wetness. She moaned, and lifted
  her hips to meet him, her hand wrapping around his muscled back, slowly moving
  up and down. Her caress just made him want her even more.  
&quot;Oh, Aaron,&quot; she moaned, loving the feel of this man against her.  
He entered her, not stopping until his balls were touching her ass. He was
  all the way in her with one thrust of his hips. She moaned loudly as her body
  adjusted to his size, stretching her, filling her to completion. He did not
  move for a moment, his muscles straining, as he waited for her to be ready.
  He lowered his head, sucking on her breast.  
She started to move her hips against him. His mouth was driving her wild,
  and she could not stay still. Her hands traveled once more to his head, loving
  the feel of his hair beneath her fingertips. &quot;Take me, please,&quot; she
  begged him. &quot;Ride me hard.&quot;  
Hearing her plea he began to thrust in her hard, letting her feel his full
  man-hood inside her, as his balls slapped against her buttocks with every thrust
  of his hips, her wet pussy grabbing hold of his hard cock milking it.  
&quot;Oh god,&quot; she moaned and wiggled beneath him, her breath coming
  in short gasps. &quot;Oh, yes!&quot; Her hands traveled to his tight ass, and
  squeeze him fiercely, urging him. Harder and harder he pumped in her, grabbing
  hold of her breasts as he let her know how much he wanted her. Without thought,
  he leaned down again to kiss her nipple firmly.  
&quot;OH, AARON!&quot; she screamed, her body tightening, in anticipation
  of what was to come. Her fingernails dug into his ass leaving a large trail
  of red scratch marks in their wake as her climax took her, much more violently
  this time than the last.  
Her pussy muscles grabbing hold of his cock as she climaxed, and it was going
  to push him over the edge too. His balls were getting tight, knowing he was
  going to cum and cum hard. He hesitated, not knowing if he should cum in her
  or pull out. But she held him tightly against her hips still, as he thrust,
  drawing out her pleasure. He could not hold on much longer thrusting vigorously
  in her, his head rolling back. He was going to cum. She moaned loudly, loving
  every second of it. Then, suddenly, the decision was no longer his. "Ahhh,
  I'm going to cum!" He moaned to her as he held onto her breasts.  
&quot;Aaron,&quot; she gasped, as she felt another orgasm about to take her.
  A growl came out of him as he came in her, his body shaking his hips moving
  in and out, no longer in control of his movements. His pulsing cock pushing
  her over the edge, as she came again, her moans mixed with his growl, like
  sweet music to her ears. He had never climaxed like this before, with so much
  intensity. With every squirt of his sperm he would push deeper into her, and
  she would moan louder, as her body trembled around his cock.  
Finally when he was done he lowered himself down to her and passionately
  kissed her lips. She could not believe what just happened. She never, ever
  had sex with a stranger before but, somehow, it felt right. Oh, so right. She
  kissed him back; letting him know just how much pleasure he had given her this
  wonderful night. As feelings of joy spread between them, he slowly rolled off
  her and took her in his arms. She lay beside him, her head pillowed by his
  shoulder, and felt exhaustion sweep over her. She closed her eyes, and let
  herself just enjoy this most blissful moment with such a wonderful man, her
  arms wrapped tightly around him, her legs entwined with his. They kissed each
  other, showing their affection with actions not words. They exchanged slow,
  lazy kisses, as if they had all the time in the world to savor this moment,
  not wanting the time to end.  
&quot;Stay with me?&quot; she asked him. &quot;For tonight.&quot;  
Knowing that there would be nothing more enjoyable then this he kissed her
  and said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  
She smiled and looked towards the huge king size bed. &quot;Maybe we'd be
  more comfortable there?&quot;  
He smiled back at her. "I think you're right." With the utmost tenderness,
  he lifted her to the bed. They lay side by side, as she stroked his cheek,
  lovingly. He kissed her other hand affectionately.  
She sighed contently, letting her eyelids flutter shut. She was so tired.
  He had satisfied her so utterly, so completely, a peacefulness she had only
  dreamt about was stealing over her. He held her securely in his arms letting
  her drift off.  
She murmured sleepily against him, &quot;Aren't you going to sleep with my
  breast in your mouth?&quot;  
"I thought you would never ask," he replied, with a big smile across his
  face. He lowered himself down the bed so his mouth could be at her breast and
  took it inside the warm, moist cavern. Her breathing slowed, as she cradled
  his head tenderly in her arms, her hands gently stroking his head.  
Aaron threw the blanket over them both, as he wrapped his other arm around
  her, their legs naturally entwining, slowly drifting off to sleep with comfort
  and peace in his mind and heart.  
&quot;Aaron&hellip;my master,&quot; she whispered, her voice nothing more
  than a soft sigh as sleep took her.  
While the words floated to him from far away, Aaron was already half asleep,
  with his mouth full of her breast, and only held her closer against him in
  response.  
The buzzing of the alarm woke him. Aaron rolled over automatically to turn
  it off, squinting at the time - 6:30am. Vaguely, he wondered how she knew he
  had to be awake by then to get to work. That was when he realized something
  was wrong. Coming fully awake, he realized he was not in the cozy little room
  with a roaring fire, but rather his own cold, impersonal hotel room.  
Frantically he looked in the bed beside him, but it was empty. Not the slightest
  trace of her appeared; no lingering scent, no single strand of her long blonde
  hair, nothing. It was as if last night had never been. Like it was only a dream.  
To be continued&hellip;.  
AUTHOR'S NOTE:    
Special thanks to my writing partner, without Black Shadow Master this story
  would never get done. Also thanks to Nylian for taking the time to proofread
  my work.  
And, of course, to those of you who took the time to review my work (Just_Master,
  Hooty McBoob, and Sofiabaraklislis) thank you so much. It's really because
  of your enjoyment of the story (and the fact you let me know it!) that I continue
  to post on the net. J   
Happy reading! Cheers, Anon.  
REMEMBERING THE PAST   
Chapter Codes: M/m, M/f, D/s, job/real, romantic, consensual, light   
Chapter 2   
Aaron sat bolt upright in bed, trying to make sense out of what had happened.
  Impatiently, he threw back the sheets and searched the room, looking for something,
  anything to show that last night had been real and not some figment of his
  imagination. The passion he had felt for Carlin, it could not have been dreamed,
  could it? No, it was too real. Aaron had not felt that kind of connection with
  anyone before. It had been instant, the ardor they had felt for each other.
  The hotel room was not big, so it did not take long to investigate. Nothing.
  Absolutely nothing.  
Frustrated, he looked down. Seeing his cock there, he ran his fingers over
  it. It was sticky. That could only mean one thing: he had climaxed last night.
  But that still did not answer all the questions in his mind. He shook his head
  in denial. It could not have been a dream. He had not spilled his spunk while
  he slept since he was a teenager. Aaron had more control over his body than
  that. Perturbed he closed his eyes and pictured her in his mind.  
Her long blonde hair was so soft and silky. He could almost feel it gliding
  over his body. And those breasts, those sweet full orbs, which she had presented
  to him to drink from. Offering him life-giving nourishment. His cock stirred,
  straining upward as the memories of last night flooded him. Her bright blue
  eyes twinkled at him with joy and desire. Aaron could even feel her nails digging
  into his buttocks as she came.  
His eyes snapped opened, as he swiftly and purposefully moved to the bathroom.
  Turning around he looked at his backside. There they were. The marks his lover
  had borne upon his body the night before. Two thin trails, one on each cheek.
  So it wasn't a dream after all.  
But then how did he end up back in his room? She was a tiny woman, and he
  was a large man, just over six feet tall. There was no way she could have lifted
  him. And even if someone had picked him up, he would have woken. He was not
  that deep of a sleeper. It disturbed him greatly to think that someone had
  moved him without his knowing. And why did she leave? She had asked him to
  spend the night with her. He had been invited. So why would she desert him
  in the morning without so much as a note? He refused to even entertain the
  notion that last night meant so little to her. It simply could not be.  
Something strange was going on, and he was going to get to the bottom of
  it. Quickly he tossed on some clean clothes and headed out the door. With no
  hesitation, he easily retraced his steps from the night before, heading to
  the secret room where he had first found Carlin. He moved with confidence in
  the twisting corridors, as if he had done this many times before.  
It did not take him long. When he got there, he found the wall and started
  to push. The stones stood firmly in place. Aaron let out a hiss of vexation,
  as he used his strong muscles, throwing his weight behind his efforts, and
  tried to move the barrier. He was anxious to find a way inside, to discover
  the answers to the questions that plagued him. But it did not budge. Frowning
  he stepped back to look at the wall. He was sure this was the right spot. Positive.
  That was when he noticed the window; one that he had not seen last night.  
At that moment, the sun rose up from its slumber and streamed through the
  stain glass window. As Aaron stood before it, the colours danced playfully
  along his crisp white shirt. There was no pattern to the window that he could
  see, simply a jumble of colours, as if the artist had randomly put it together.
  Aaron ran his fingers along the edge, until he found what he was looking for.
  With a flick of his wrist, he opened the latch, and a small section of the
  window swung outward.  
The rising sun was a ball of bright, blinding beauty. Pausing for a moment,
  he drank in the sight, letting it calm his frazzled nerves. Then he turned
  his attention to the matter at hand. He could see the flat surface of a section
  of roof just below him where the floor would have been. He could see the other
  two walls to his left and right extended outward. But rather than join together,
  as he thought would have been logical, the space right in front of him was
  empty. It was as if the one wall and ceiling had been ripped out completely.
  In his mind's eye, Aaron could picture the room exactly. But it was as if someone
  had removed it. His frown deepened, as he looked closer at the walls. Something
  did not look right, but he was not sure exactly what it was that bothered him
  about it.  
Aaron stepped back and quickly closed the window, feeling confused and more
  than a little ticked off. Why had she left him last night? It had been good
  between them, really great. He felt as if he were caught up in some sort of
  game in which he had no control over, and the thought did not sit well with
  him. He liked to be the one in charge.  
Which reminded him, he had a job to do and a group to oversee. Looking at
  his watch Aaron realized he'd better hurry if he wanted some breakfast before
  work. He spun about and headed for the dining room. He negotiated the corridors
  with ease and within minutes found himself in the great room. It was not too
  busy, only a dozen or so guests at the tables.  
As soon as he stepped into the dining area Aaron heard a call of "Will!" from
  across the room. Hearing his nickname, short for Williams, he turned and saw
  his assistant rushing towards him. The tall lean man practically ran to his
  side. Aaron reached out a hand to steady him, as the man almost fell, tripping
  over himself in his haste to reach Aaron.  
"What is it? What's wrong?" Aaron asked with concern.  
Gary smiled at him, laying a friendly hand on his arm, rubbing it gently
  up and down. "Nothing, silly. I just got your breakfast for you." Gary looked
  up at him adoringly, like an eager little puppy. "Bacon, eggs, and a double,
  double coffee, just the way you like it."  
Aaron looked at him strangely, as if seeing him for the first time. His mind
  was not really focused on the present. It seemed somehow to be locked on the
  past. On Carlin. He blinked and should have realized nothing was wrong. Gary
  was just easily excitable.  
His assistant ran his free hand over his sandy blonde hair, the shaggy mop
  following his fingers until it flopped back down, practically over his eyes,
  when he let go. "You're late. I was worried about you. Did you get lost? Everyone
  seems to be forever getting lost in this castle. They really need a map or
  something. I swear it took me twenty minutes to get from my room to the dining
  room!" He laughed, as he tugged on Aaron's arm, leading him to a table in the
  corner.  
There they joined the other three members of their team, who were in various
  stages of eating their breakfasts. None of them looked up, as Anna and Jennifer
  listened intently to whatever Rebecca was saying.  
When Aaron said nothing, Gary leaned closer, discretely rubbing his hard
  cock against Aaron's leg. He whispered so the others would not hear him, &quot;I
  know you were tired last night, Sir, since you just arrived and all, but can
  I come see you tonight?&quot; When Aaron said nothing, he continued, his voice
  was almost whining, as he looked up hopefully, "I miss you."  
&quot;Your breakfast is awaiting, Will.&quot; Rebecca's snooty tone interrupted
  Gary's whispering.  
"I can see that, Rebecca. Thank you." Aaron calmly sat down. "Good morning,
  everyone. I hope you all had a restful night. We have plenty of work to do
  today."  
Anna and Jennifer responded with a respectful yes, while Rebecca ignored
  his question and instead started to talk about the weather. Gary put his hand
  on Aaron's knee under the table and squeezed. Aaron didn't miss a beat and
  looked up at Gary and just simply said, &quot;To answer your question, yes.&quot;  
Gary beamed brightly; his hazel eyes alight like a Christmas tree. He was
  practically jumping up and down in his seat for joy. Around them the gossip
  mill started, but Gary wasn't listening. Neither was Aaron, for he did not
  care.  
Aaron was about half way finished his breakfast, enjoying the feel of Gary's
  warm hand through the thin material of his pants, when he felt a small tap
  on his shoulder. &quot;Excuse me, sir.&quot; Aaron turned to see who it was. &quot;Please,
  excuse the interruption. I am the manager and owner of the hotel,&quot; said
  a tall, skinny gentleman with a drooping mustache, &quot;Mr. Ashby. I just
  wanted to make sure everything is to your satisfactory.&quot;   
For a moment his mind whirled. The owner of the hotel. Carlin said that she
  was the owner. She had also said that her husband was dead. Had she deceived
  him? Was this man her husband? Anger and confusion washed over him. If she
  had lied to him&hellip;then she was not at all the sweet woman he thought her
  to be. And people who lied, cheated, and used others should be taught a lesson.  
He could feel Rebecca's eyes watching his exchange with Mr. Ashby, assessing
  his reactions. "Yes, Mr. Ashby, so far everything is fine. However, there is
  one thing I would like to ask you but at a later time."  
&quot;Of course, sir. I'm here to serve you and make sure your visit here
  is as pleasant as possible. If there is anything I can do for you just let
  me know, and I'll personally see to any needs you or your staff may have while
  staying here.&quot; Mr. Ashby paused for a moment, waiting to see if anyone
  wanted anything. When the table simply stared at him, he cleared his throat. &quot;Enjoy
  your stay with us.&quot; He bowed to Aaron and nodded to the rest of the group
  before leaving the room.  
Aaron watched him go. The man seemed sincere enough. And there was no reason
  for him to lie about being the owner of the hotel, for that fact would be easy
  to verify. Then what game was Carlin playing at? Gary's hand distracted him,
  as it boldly caressed his upper thigh, squeezing it gently. It was hard to
  concentrate.  
Rebecca sat across from Aaron and gestured with her head, as a serving girl
  entered the room. &quot;It's about time she got here.&quot; Everyone's eyes
  turned to watch the woman who was hurrying towards them with coffee. Aaron
  turned around as well, to look at whom she was talking about, his interest
  piqued. He could not see much under the old fashion-serving cap that the woman
  wore, but she was about the same size as Carlin. Could it be her? Was Carlin
  ashamed of her position here, so she had purposely mislead him? His heart started
  to race with anticipation. Had he found her at last?  
&quot;About time you brought the coffee,&quot; Rebecca snapped. Aaron shook
  his head with irritation. His co-worker couldn't do without her three cups
  in the morning. Even then, she was still a bitch. The least she could do was
  treat other people with a little respect. If it was up to him, he would have
  fired her, for she disrupted the working environment with her negative attitude,
  which lead to poor productivity. But his boss, Laurel, continually exerted
  her own influence to keep Rebecca employed. He did not understand why. They
  did not seem to be friends; indeed, they hardly spoke to each other at work.  
"Sorry, miss,&quot; the woman said meekly and started to fill the cups, her
  head bowed. It was hard to get a good look at her like that. Aaron stared intently
  at the women, as she moved around the table stopping beside him. &quot;Would
  you care for a cup of coffee?&quot; she asked politely, as she ran tucked a
  strand of short black hair back into the cap. She looked to be a mere slip
  of a girl, not even old enough to work here. When he didn't respond, she gestured
  to the seat Gary had been sitting in a moment ago. "How about the gentleman
  who was sitting here? Would he care for some coffee?"  
Aaron let out a breath he had not realized he had been holding, his mind
  reeling, not paying attention to the serving girl at all. It wasn't her. Then
  where the hell was his lover from last night? Just what was going on?  
Rebecca sneered and took the opportunity to pipe up. &quot;Of course he wants
  coffee. We're Canadian, not British. We don't go for that tea stuff you have.&quot; Then
  she rolled her eyes, as she nodded towards Aaron, a haughty little 'I told
  you so' smile on her face.  
Aaron forced his attention back to the matter at hand. He should not have
  allowed himself to become distracted. He knew Rebecca would take advantage
  if she could. He just looked at her with displeasure on his face  
Her eyes glittered dangerously before turning to whisper to Jennifer in a
  voice loud enough for everyone to hear, &quot;He can't even give the waitress
  as simple answer. How is he going to run this team? Really, I should have been
  given the promotion instead of him.&quot; She took a sip of her coffee, as
  if she had not blatantly offended him.  
As he listened to her words, Aaron felt the distinct pressure of a pair of
  hands on his legs, pushing them apart, thumbs stroking softly on each leg at
  his knees. Determined not to be distracted again, he met Rebecca's gaze head
  on. She knew that he heard, it was written all over her smug face. All he said
  was, &quot;Maybe you would like to discuss this later.&quot;  
She tossed her black hair over her shoulder arrogantly and did not bother
  to reply, as she started to chat with Jennifer about the latest head wear fashions
  in France.  
Meanwhile, the hands were making their way up Aaron's thighs. Slowly, but
  with firm pressure they moved. Discretely, he lifted the tablecloth to see
  whom they belonged too. Gary smiled sweetly at him just before his assistant
  yanked the fabric back down, arranging it so that it hid Aaron from the waist
  down. The hands were on his cock now, stroking the thin pants that separated
  flesh from flesh. His cock was getting harder with each stroke, until he shifted
  in his seat, trying to get more comfortable.  
The rasp of the zipper seemed loud to Aaron, reaching his ears over the buzz
  in the dining room, but no one turned an eye while it was being lowered. With
  a flick of the wrist, Gary undid the button, letting Aaron's cock spring out
  of his pants, for he never wore anything underneath. With a soft moan, Gary
  took the bulging erection into his mouth with one gulp.  
&quot;Did you say something?&quot; asked Rebecca irritably, her eyes narrowing
  suspiciously as she looked at Aaron.  
Aaron took a deep breath. "I said if you have a problem you would like to
  talk about, I suggest we take this to a more private place at a later time."  
&quot;Later time?&quot; she sneered. &quot;What's wrong with right now?&quot;  
"Right now I'm busy eating, and I would like to enjoy my breakfast. The one
  time of the day I do get to have some peace." His voice was steady and calm,
  despite the fact he could feel Gary taking him as far into that warm, wet mouth
  as his assistant could, licking and sucking his shaft. The table above the
  crouching man was hindering his movements, but Gary was doing an excellent
  job anyways.  
&quot;Whatever,&quot; Rebecca rolled her eyes again and turned back to Jennifer.  
Moving into a steady motion, Gary worked up and down Aaron's shaft. Each
  time, taking it a little further into his mouth. Aaron made a mental note to
  teach that little bitch a lesson she will never forget, before he dismissed
  her from his mind and focused on the blissful feeling of Gary encasing his
  cock.  
Gary's teeth grazed his boss' erection, as he moved. His tongue flicking
  over the head, as he pulled out. Aaron moved his left hand down and pushed
  Gary's head, enjoying the feeling of fucking his assistant in the mouth, as
  he took control, guiding the head up and down his hard cock. Faster, deeper
  and harder he pushed, all the while calmly eating his breakfast and sipping
  his coffee, never letting on to the others that the storm was about to explode
  inside him.  
&quot;So, I heard Laurel is coming,&quot; said Anna.  
A loud thunk resounded in the room as Gary's head hit the top of the table,
  hard. The dishes shook and rattled. All eyes turned to Aaron, expecting some
  sort of explanation. Pretending not to notice he kept on eating, ignoring all
  of them.  
Rebecca sniffed and looked at him smugly. &quot;So, the boss doesn't think
  you can do the job without supervision. Doesn't surprise me in the least that
  she's coming.&quot;  
Gary's head started to move faster, as he sucked harder. Aaron could feel
  a difference in the movements, as Gary did not go as far up the shaft, so as
  not to hit his head again. As if to make up for the restricted movements, Gary's
  hand moved inside Aaron's pants, massaging his balls, feeling them harden under
  his touch. It felt so good. Aaron looked down at his empty plate, wondering
  how long he could stretch this luxury out. He took a small sip of his coffee,
  intending to make it last as long as he could.  
&quot;Where's Gary gone off to?&quot; Jennifer asked. &quot;We should be
  leaving soon.&quot;  
&quot;We should have left already,&quot; Rebecca grumbled under her breath.  
&quot;Rebecca,&quot; Aaron said in a stern voice. &quot;Why don't you go
  meet me in the conference room? I need a word with you. Jennifer go look for
  Gary, then meet us in the front lobby."  
Rebecca immediately went on the offensive. &quot;Then we'll be really late.
  Our client expects us to get the job done, not sit on our asses like we're
  on vacation. It's no wonder Laurel has to come down here to baby-sit with you
  in charge.&quot;  
Jennifer nodded at Aaron, deciding now was the perfect time to leave. The
  tension between these two was far from comfortable and getting worse by the
  second. &quot;Anna, why don't you come with me?&quot;  
The two women jumped up. "Thank you, Jennifer and Anna," Aaron said calmly,
  his eyes never leaving Rebecca's. Anna nodded, and together the two women scurried
  from the room. Gary's mouth started to move faster, and Aaron took a deep breath
  to steady himself. "Rebecca, I think I made my self clear. Did I not?"  
Rebecca sat back in her chair and looked at him challengingly. &quot;It's
  your ass that's on the line, not mine. So if you want to dick around, fine.&quot;  
"Right now, by the looks of things, it's going to be your ass if you don't
  do as I've asked." His voice was firm, almost harsh. Aaron's hand pushed Gary's
  head more firmly, driving into his assistant with his cock. He wanted to finish
  with Gary first. Then he'd deal with Rebecca.  
"Whatever," she shrugged, as if she didn't care. Scraping back her chair,
  she snagged her purse and cup of coffee, as she flounced out of the room.  
Knowing no one was within immediate ear shot, Gary's stifled moans reached
  Aaron's ears, as he continued to work that bulging cock; playing with those
  balls which seemed to be growing heavier and heavier by the minute. In fact,
  if he hadn't been with Carlin last night, Aaron probably would have cum already.
  Now that everyone else was gone, Aaron relaxed fully, letting the sweet sensation
  of desire wash over him. His balls tightened, and he knew he was going to climax
  in his assistant's mouth.  
The young waitress was making her way closer to their table, the decanter
  of coffee in her hand. She stopped beside him asking politely, &quot;Would
  you like another coffee, sir?&quot;  
Aaron's voice was raspy, as he replied, "No, I'm fine thank you. I'll just
  finish this one."  
"As you wish, sir. Just let me know if you need anything else."  
Gary's mouth plunged farther down his shaft than it had been doing, taking
  it deeper than ever before. Aaron could feel the back of Garry's throat, as
  he gazed longingly at the young woman's tender breasts. Her low-cut uniform
  revealed her creamy white flesh, which almost spilled forth as she leaned closer
  to him. Yes, that was it, just a little closer. She said to let him know if
  he needed anything else. He wondered what her reaction would be if he told
  her that he needed her tit in his mouth?  
She reached beside him, her breasts almost touching his mouth, as she twisted
  to grab the plate across the table. They were right there. He could not resist
  the temptation. Opening his mouth wide, Aaron pressed his lips around the lady's
  nipple through the fabric of her frilly white blouse. He could hear her gasp
  of surprise, a clatter of a fork, moans coming from Gary, from the waitress,
  and from himself, as he shot forth his jizz.  
The waitress swayed, and Aaron wrapped an arm around her, pressing her soft,
  warm body to his. He sprayed into Gary's mouth, feeling him swallow around
  his shaft, drinking the warm liquid that flowed from his body. Aaron's teeth
  gently bit into the woman's nipple, as he lost himself to the sweetness of
  the moment. It was good, satisfying, but not like the passionate sex last night
  with Carlin. That had been&hellip;special. Time seemed to stand still, as he
  drained his cock. Affectionately, he stroked Gary's head; appreciating the
  pleasure his assistant had brought him this morning.  
The waitress pushed away from him and straightened, taking a step backwards.
  Her face was flushed, one of confusion and desire. Aaron smiled at her. Maybe
  he would take her to bed later. "You slipped. I was a good thing that I was
  here to catch you, so that you did not fall and hurt yourself."  
The waitress nodded, as if not at all sure what had just happened. She dropped
  her gaze. "Thank you, sir."  
Aaron's smile widened. "Not a problem at all. I'm always eager to help a
  female in distress." His gaze dropped to her heaving breasts. He could smell
  her arousal now, as she shifted nervously from foot to foot. He could almost
  taste the juices he knew were soaking her underwear.  
With a nod, the waitress hurried and cleared the table. When she was gone,
  Gary climbed back out, a wet napkin in his hand. So, his assistant had enjoyed
  himself too. "Thank you, Gary," Aaron said, as he dropped a hand casually onto
  the man's knee. "Next time be a little more careful about your head. I wouldn't
  want any harm to come to you."  
"Yes, Sir," Gary said, as he looked up at him, his eyes eager with the mention
  of the words next time.  
Aaron laughed lightly at the enthusiasm Gary displayed. "Go, find Jennifer
  and Anna before they get worried. I'll meet you in the front lobby in a few
  minutes."  
Gary nodded and left the room. Aaron lifted his cup to his lips and drained
  the last of his coffee. Now it was time to take care of some unfinished business
  with Rebecca. Confidently, he stood and made his way from the room, heading
  in the direction of the conference room.  
He was almost at there when Aaron had the distinct impression that he was
  being followed. It was as if he could feel the eyes on him, watching him. He
  stopped in the deserted hallway, just outside the door to his destination.
  Now what? He did not need any more problems this morning. He stood, waiting
  to see who it was. Better to deal with whatever it was now. He looked behind
  him but saw nothing at all.  
The feeling grew stronger, more intense. His senses went on alert, his body
  keyed up, coiling, like a panther getting ready to bounce. But he could still
  not see anyone. He could sense it though. It seemed as if whoever it might
  be was getting closer. Aaron felt the breath leave his lungs in a rushing hiss,
  as a warmth surrounded him, enveloping him in its embrace. It was not a scary
  sensation, far from it. It was as if someone was hugging him, holding him close.
  A part of him did not understand and desperately wanted to push away. But a
  bigger part of him knew this was right. So he simply stood there, letting the
  warmth wash over him, soothing him, embracing him, as it wrapped around him
  from head to toe. The intensity of it startled him.  
"Aaron."  
He could hear her whispering his name. It was Carlin. He was sure of it.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anon_101_6 BlackShadowMaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





