BDSM Library - Life in an Instant




Life in an Instant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Out at lunch woman spots a handsome stranger. Then he loses his wallet and in trying to help her life is changed in an instant.Tall, blond, well dressed and successful she was
  out having a quick lunch with a friend from work when the world as she knew
  it came to an end. Jessie's eyes were roving around the room at random as she
  pretended to listen to her friend. Then she sees him.  
Dark brown hair, nice suit, a face that's handsome
  but not too rugged. This man of indeterminate age's looks were what caught
  her attention, it was his eyes that held her. If asked she wouldn't have been
  able to tell you what color they were but she couldn't look away when their
  gaze met. She felt trapped but excited, he smiled lightly and winked before
  turning away and for some reason she felt unworthy.  
Her friend finally noticed Jessie's inattention,
  then the reason for it (she was still staring at him), "So, go talk to him!"  
"No! no I couldn't." She blushed and turned the
  conversation back to annoying habits of their co-workers. Her attention, however,
  kept darting back to her mystery man. Their eyes met again and again she could
  not look away.  
He stood, walking right towards her. Jessie's heart
  began to pound in her chest, what was happening to her? She never got this
  flustered over a guy since 6 th  grade! He gave her
  a smile and nod as he walked by but that was all.  
She watched him walking to the door, he moved to
  put his wallet away and missed. Seeming not to notice he walked out to the
  street and out of her sight. It only took a second to make up her mind. It
  was the right thing to do and it would give her an excuse to talk to him.  
Jessie hopped to her feet, deaf to her friends
  protests, grabbed the fallen billfold and rushed out the door. Instinctively
  she turned to her right, thinking he must have gone that way or else she would
  have seen him through the window while at her table. Eyes focused on the crowd
  ahead of her she cried out, "David! Your wallet!" Assuming the I.D. in the
  wallet belonged to her mystery man.  
Like most people she didn't notice the dark alley
  between the diner and its neighboring building. Something grabbed her by the
  arm and dragged her bodily into the gloom. It took a few seconds for her eyes
  to adjust but when they did her panic faded, it was him!  
He was smiling and it made her blush. "Your wallet?" She
  managed, holding the dropped item up meekly.  
Taking the offered wallet, his hand brushed hers, "Thank
  you&hellip;.whore." With that final word his magnetic eyes seemed to finally
  pick a color, black.  
"What?" she started to ask, thinking she misheard
  him.  
Jessie never managed the whole word before the
  leather wallet was shoved into her mouth. A flash of movement and something
  was tied around her head, holding the wallet in. Another deft movement and
  her suit jacket was down around her elbows somehow tied to bind her arms behind
  her.  
Something metallic glittered in the dark, "Let's
  see if you're worth the trouble." He sneered. As the knife cut her blouse to
  shreds Jessie's mind finally caught up with what was happening. Screaming as
  loud as she could got her nothing more than a backhanded slap that nearly knocked
  her over. With a growl of anticipation he ripped the lacy bra from her chest
  and was rewarded with a view of her natural C-cup's jiggling like so much jello
  as her chest heaved for breath.  
Left hand squeezing her throat Jessie was pinned
  against a dumpster as he chewed mercilessly on her tender tit-flesh. The knife
  still in his right hand tore through her skirt though not enough for it to
  fall off. Panties torn off and thrown to the side he fucks her roughly with
  the handle of the knife.  
Jessie could feel herself getting wet but knew
  it was just her body reacting to the rough texture of the handle. "This isn't
  happening! Why won't anyone help me?" her mind cried out.  
 All thought (and breath) is knocked from her as
  she is spun around and slammed into the brick wall. The force of the impact
  probably would have broken her nose if he wasn't pulling her head back by a
  handful of hair, as it was her already abused tits were crushed against the
  rough and dirty masonry.  
The only surprise when he slammed his prick into
  her was that he hadn't already. As he pumped away roughly a small, detached
  part of her brain noted that it had been a while since a man had filled her
  so completely. After a short while, when he knew his prick would be slick with
  her juices he switched holes without missing a beat or slowing his trust.  
Jessie had never had ANYTHING up her ass, period.
  When his iron hard dick tore into her anus she squealed like a pig. This only
  seemed to further motivate him to pound her harder.  
Her chest was being rubbed raw by the bricks and
  the force of the rape. She kept hoping to pass out or simply die. Neither happened
  and soon she felt his hot lava flood her bowels. He threw his whole body into
  hers, crushing her into the wall as his cock spasmed inside her.  
His breathing was heavy and ragged as he nibbled
  roughly on her ear. Withdrawing from her ass he threw her to the ground. She
  landed poorly, twisting her bound writs so painfully she was sure it was broken.  
Eyes scrunched up with pain she felt something
  warm and wet splashing across her face. Jessie opened her eyes and immediately
  regretted it as the stream of piss flooded into them. It seemed as though he
  was determined to cover every inch of her and nearly did so before running
  out of piss.  
Risking another glance she could see her attacker
  zipping up. He then began twirling the knife in once hand absent mindedly while
  looking her over. Jessie felt as though she was being dissected by his strange
  eyes.  
"Sure, why not. You're a decent fuck with potential." He
  shrugged.  
A feeling of relief swept over her. He was going
  to let her go! Or so she thought, then he knelt down beside her.  
"Shhh&hellip;." He cooed, gently brushing a strand
  of piss soaked hair from her face, "It'll be ok I promise."  
Then he wrapped his hands around her throat and
  began to squeeze. Slowly, inexorably Jessie's world faded to black.  
She was naked, lying on her back on a hard bench
  just wide enough for her body. Her legs were held wide by rope around her ankles
  that ran to eyebolts in the ceiling. Arms too were tied perpendicular to her
  body, only these ropes led to the floor forcing her to keep her back arched
  to relieve the tension in her shoulders.  
This had been done for a twofold purpose she found. "It
  makes you shove those lovely fuck sacks out for me to play with while preventing
  you from giving in to that naughty instinct to cover up!", her rapist explained
  while beating said tits with a Cat-'o-nine tails.  
Ever since she had woken up to him using a wooden
  paddle on her cunt the abuse had rarely stopped. What she could see of the
  room was dimly lit with no windows or clock so there was no way to tell how
  long she had been there.  
Even his appearances seemed to be random. He would
  just walk in, abuse her until he was bored, perhaps fuck her then leave.  
At one point he decided he didn't like her pussy
  hair so, using one of those trigger activated fireplace lighters, he burned
  it all off. He had taken his time, being methodical, leaving no area of her
  groin untouched by flame. Bye the time she was completely bald she was in hysterics,
  muscles twitching, body coated in sweat.  
"All excited are we? Good" he smiled, shoving the
  hot lighter up her ass then fucked her face.  
Jessie awoke to find herself bound in a new way.
  There was a chain, slightly longer than she was tall, ran from the thick collar
  around her neck to an eye bolt in the floor. This gave her enough room to stand
  straight only if standing directly over the eyebolt. Her hands were encased
  in stiff leather gloves that kept her fingers spread out and unable to close.
  The ball gag had been replaced with one shaped like a phallus and was only
  just short of hitting the back of her throat.  
He must have bathed her while she slept too as
  she no longer smelled of piss, sex and sweat. Her hair felt clean and soft
  as well.  
"What could this mean?" She thought to her self,
  looking around to see what else may have changed.  
The room was better lit now (and, she was forced
  to admit, might not be the same one) with only one visible way in or out. There
  was no door, simply one corner of the room turned into a hallway down which
  she could not see. There was a mirror on one wall allowing Jessie the first
  view of herself she had seen in who knew how long.  
Angry red welts and fading bruises covered her
  body, especially thick around her thighs and tits. There was rope burn from
  the various positions she had been bound in on her arms and legs as well. Her
  face, however, was untouched, perfect as ever.  
She tested the chain, not really expecting to break
  it. Just as she was trying to remove the gloves when she heard something coming
  down the hall, it was Him.  
He was pushing a TV/VCR ahead of him on a cart,
  the power cord disappearing down the hall.  
"I thought you might like to see this. It was just
  taped it last night." He said as he pressed play.  
The screen came to life. It was the evening news
  with that anchor man whose name Jessie could never remember. He seemed to be
  just finishing up a story, "&hellip;And the school board will hold their vote
  this Friday. There are still no leads in the Jessie Hearth disappearance. Ms.
  Hearth vanished without a trace over a week ago while having lunch with a friend.
  Given the lack of leads police are holding out little hope of finding the woman
  at this point. Now over to Jim for sports&hellip;"  
"Sounds like their about to give up doesn't it?" he
  laughed, walking over to where she had collapsed, "Don't worry, I won't give
  up on you."  
He began to fuck her, almost keeping time with
  her sobbing.  
Life had begun to take on a pattern for Jessie.
  Each day, at least she assumed it was a new day, she was awakened by a blast
  of cold water as He hosed her down. If she had lost control and relieved herself
  in the night she would be immediately strung up and beaten until two full gallons
  of carbonated enema had been administered. If not she was allowed to use the
  toilet to shit, piss however was gathered in a bottle.  
Breakfast was then made. Always instant oatmeal
  she had the choice of using water, milk, or her own piss. Whatever she chose
  the other two would be her only choices the next day until all had been used.
  Her penis gag was replaced with a ring so she could suck her breakfast up through
  the hollow 'dildo straw' as electric currents stimulated her nipples and clit.  
Next came exercises, stretching and aerobics were
  done as per whatever video He selected. He stood by, bull whip at the ready
  should she, in his opinion, miss a step or not keep up with the pace.  
"Hrrmphh!" Jessie cried into her gag. Having stumbled
  yet again the nooses tied around the base of the tits tightened painfully.
  He had set the treadmill faster than usual today. The treadmill was the worst
  of the exercises. It had been modified so that the controls were out of her
  reach, not that it mattered she was hardly ever without the hobbling gloves.
  There were panels that prevented her from standing anywhere but on the rotating
  track, though she could still fall off of the back. If she did fall back or
  slow down the bindings around her tits would tighten cruelly.  
Often by the end of the run they would have been
  constricted so much that her breasts were bulging purple balloons. On these
  occasions he would immediately throw her to the ground and fuck her while viciously
  abusing her discolored mammaries until she passed out.  
School was in session again. Jessie both hated
  and looked forward to this time. It was only during 'school' that she was not
  forced to wear a gag and the hobbling gloves. However, seated on a hard wooden
  stool she was held in place by the twin dildos, one in her as the other her
  cunt, which were inflated to fill her so completely it hurt even to sit still.  
The main subjects of her schooling were grammar
  and anatomy. For anatomy he would pinch or simply point to some portion of
  her flesh and she would have to list every lewd phrase she could think of to
  describe it then list all the ways in which it could be used for pleasuring
  her master.  
"Sir! Tit! Fuck sack! Jug! Milk sack! Teat! Hooter!" She
  squealed as her left melon was crushed in his grip, "For masters pleasure it
  may be sucked, fucked, beaten, whipped, pierced, crushed and inflated!"  
If she hesitated, said 'um', used improper grammar
  (no 'Sir' or 'master') or could not come up with as many terms as last 'class'
  a painful electrical current would course through her from the anal dildo.
  If she got the question right she was rewarded with several strokes from whatever
  the whip of the day was, along with a more controlled, precise electrical current
  that directly stimulated her pussy and tits. Class was over when she managed
  enough right questions to cum from the electrical stimulation/beating.  
"ohh goddddd! Not again&hellip;."Jessie was having
  a hard time concentrating, even though she was alone. He had decided her clit
  wasn't nearly sensitive enough and so had, for the last several days hooked
  a vacuum tube to it. The other end of the tube ran to a small pump that randomly
  changed the strength of its suction as well as caused it to vibrate slightly.
  It had just kicked up to a power level that she knew from experience would
  make her cum if it maintained for more than 30 seconds.  
Wrists bound by chain to her collar she could not
  reach her cunt (she had even begun to think in the crude terms she was learning)
  so could only tense her body in expectation and half hope of an orgasm. Finally
  she came, grunting around the penis gag as she added another coat of pussy
  juice to her already slick thighs.  
Shaking her head she returned to flipping through
  the bondage magazine in front of her. She had to find five photos of torments
  she 'wanted' to try, this was her third magazine and she had only found two
  positions she thought might not kill her.  
For the first time in recent memory Jessie woke
  up on a bed. For a split second she though it had all been a nightmare but
  then she tried to move she found herself bound. Spreader bar between her legs,
  wrists cuffed and tied to the headboard and a spreader gag in her mouth.  
"Master?" she asked but it only came out as a gurgled "Gashker?" She
  took in her limited view and concluded, based on the tacky wallpaper and dim
  lighting that she was in some cheap hotel.  
"Ah, awake just in time." Came His voice from her
  left, "Don't get your hopes up, this is just a step in your training."  
"Gahh?' she drooled, looking up at him.  
"Oh I know you hate to leave your room but, this
  is something I can't teach you myself&hellip;"  
There was a knock at the door. Light flooded the
  room as the door was opened and was shut.  
"How much again?"  
"Depends whatcha want hon'" a small black girl
  with a perm and slutty dress.  
"My girlfriend," He pointed to Jessie, "She's new
  but likes it rough. Then maybe a BJ if there's time."  
"Kinky shit huh?" she shrugged, already unzipping
  her dress. "$75 an hour."  
"Deal."  
Jessie felt the bed shift, then something warm
  and wet on her bald cunt. She began dry heave in disgust, crying.  
Ten hours and seven hookers later Jessie was sore,
  slick with sweat and exhausted. At some point, she couldn't be certain when,
  she gave in and began licking and sucking whatever was put in her mouth be
  it cock, tit, or cunt. The third time someone pissed on her face she was so
  tired she didn't even blink.  
He had played the video of her 12 hour lesbian
  fuck fest non stop for nearly a week. She could almost quote every moan and
  whimper by heart. Her beatings and choreographed fuck sessions resumed with
  increased intensity after a 24 hour recovery from the hotel. That's also the
  week that marked the first time she orgasmed simply from being whipped. As
  a reward she was allowed to watch a home video he had stolen of the family
  reunion she had missed. Of course she was locked onto a sybian and given electro
  stimulation as it played.  
"You'll never see them again you know." He whisper
  in her ear as the film ended.  
Tears running down her face she weakly shook her
  head.  
Standing in front of her he dropped his pants and
  began to piss in her face.  
Without thinking she automatically opened her mouth
  and began swallowing, just has she had been taught. By the time she realized
  what she was doing he had finished.  
She threw up.  
He made her sleep in it.  
It was only the second time she had been taken
  out of her cell. Considering the last time she had been raped by nearly a dozen
  street whores, Jessie was justifiably nervous. Also she was wearing clothes
  for the first time in probably months. If clear latex bra, thong, skirt and
  corset constituted clothing, that is. It felt strange to be even partially
  covered.  
Thanks to the constant vacuum treatment Jessie's
  clit now protruded even when not aroused, this added to her discomfort as it
  was rubbed and crushed by the thong. Much to her chagrin she could feel it
  making her wet, indeed there was a trickle of pussy juice running down her
  leg.  
"It's time for you to start earning your keep." He
  said, pulling her out of the car by her leash. She said nothing, wearing the
  penis gag (which she had realized some time ago was made from a mold of His
  prick) as she was.  
The 5 inch stiletto heels had been difficult to
  walk in at first but having been locked into them for the past 2 weeks (even
  during her treadmill exercises) it was almost second nature.  
"You're going to be part of a show." He led her
  in the back alley door of a building she didn't recognize, "I expect you to
  do what you're told. Not that you'll have much of a choice."  
Jessie was introduced to Diana. Diana was blond
  and nearly 6', not counting the 6 inch heels she wore. She wore nothing else
  to hide her svelte figure, though her large natural breasts were bound tightly
  into two bulging spheres that darkened past crimson as they watched.  
Jessie cringed, all too familiar with the pain
  of such bondage. The blond seemed untroubled by it, however, and was in fact
  playing with them.  
The blond took her leash and led her to a fancy
  metal contraption and strapped her in. "The show starts in 10 minutes," Said
  Diana, plunging a syringe in her prisoners arm, "Just enough time for this
  to kick in. After all we don't want your protests to be too  convincing." She
  removed the gag, and bra then walked away.  
Whatever had been in the needle seemed to wash
  over Jessie. Her nerves seemed to triple in sensitivity, the slightest draft
  made her shiver, the thong rubbing her clit was nearly enough to make her cum.
  She never felt the rack being moved, didn't hear the announcement or the cheering
  as the curtain parted and her prison was pushed out on stage.  
If anyone that had known Jessie before her kidnapping
  had been there they wouldn't have recognized her. Hair dyed black for the occasion,
  her body was hard and toned from the daily forced exercise. She was writhing
  with the overwhelming sensations, sweat glistening over her every curve.  
Jessie was begging to be freed, to be rescued,
  through her drug induced haze though is sounded more like a porn star playing
  a willing rape victim on camera, "Ohhhh! Ahhh, &hellip;.nnnmoreee&hellip;..hmmmph
  pleassee&hellip;.meee&hellip;."  
The crowd went wild as Diana, now dressed as a
  dominatrix with half pound weights hanging from her tits and each pussy lip,
  pushed several needles into Jessie's tits. The needles were connected to bags
  of saline solution which began to inflate her tits.  
Jessie screamed and cried (or rather tried to in
  actuality just whimpered and moaned) The needles felt like giant drills as
  they entered her, the sensation of her tits being filled was painful in ways
  she couldn't express.  
A raffle was held, the winner was to be allowed
  to torment Jessie further. The winner, a statuesque redhead, made her way to
  the stage followed by her slave/daughter. The woman picked up a long thin cane,
  an apparent favorite of hers judging by the parallel marks visible under her
  daughters bikini top, using it to trace the areolas on Jessie's ever growing
  mounds.  
On her mothers orders the young girl knelt, pulled
  aside the thong and began to suckle Jessie's overlarge clit like it was a baby
  bottle as she began working her entire fist into the defenseless cunt.  
The beating began as soon as the saline bags were
  empty, nearly half a gallon filled her tits. 'Mother' was obviously an expert
  at caning, each strike (and resulting welt) was perfectly parallel and crossed
  both tits.  
Jessie held out as long as she could but in the
  end it was too much, her training too effective, and the young girl too talented.
  She came with a bestial scream, her taunt muscles straining against her bonds
  until she collapsed. Exhausted she lay limp and unresponsive, even to further
  caning.  
She was left on the rack for the remainder of the
  night for guests to fondle, abuse or have pictures taken.  
The day after the trip to the club He only touched
  her tits twice. Both times were to apply a soothing salve and while the force
  with which he massaged it in was rough by vanilla standard it was the most
  compassion he'd ever shown her. As a "thank you" for the kindness she gave
  him the most vigorous blowjob she could and didn't so much as blink when he
  painted her face with his cum, nor when he washed it off with a stream of piss.  
Life resumed its pattern for Jessie, a life centered
  on sex and suffering. It hadn't taken her long to realize what she was being
  trained for but it was still horrifying to realize it was working. The rough
  sex and erotic torture were actually becoming arousing to her. She was allowed
  to watch porn but the only ones that held her interest were the ones where
  the woman was tied up and treated roughly. After a particularly brutal fuck
  session with Him she tried to earn a respite by requesting the next movie be
  a bondage one.  
He happily obliged. So there she sat, on his lap
  dick up her ass watching a compilation of her past tortures.  
Once a week now Jessie was taken to the club and
  was made to be a part of Diana's show. Her forced breast enlargement and subsequent
  beating raffle was quite popular. So to was "Guess What's Up Your Ass?" a game
  show themed event for two or more slaves. The title was fairly self explanatory,
  the winner was whichever slave identified the greater number of objects, being
  able to remain conscious also helped.  
Jessie actually won that game once. As a prize
  her owner was given 24 hours with that night's Prize Girl, the young redhead
  from Jessie's first night at the club. She was also rewarded with not being
  placed on open public torment that night.  
While with the little redhead, Brandi it turned
  out her name was, He hardly touched Jessie at all. She was left collared to
  the short chain on the floor (in what she had come to think of as her bed)
  with the suction tube working her clit. He hadn't even bothered to attach her
  shackles to her collar. Nothing would have prevented her from removing the
  tube if she had thought about it.  
Instead she made a halfhearted attempt to free
  herself from the collar (more out of habit than anything else) as she watched
  the girl get fucked and tormented in many familiar ways. Many not so familiar.  
"Damn is she flexible!" Thought Jessie.  
They even did plain vanilla missionary.  
Jessie was frantic, her life had been centered
  around serving Him and being tormented by Him for so long being ignored felt
  weird. She couldn't tell if she was relieved or upset.  
Finally He was done and left the dungeon. Brandi
  lay where she had been left for a few minutes, gasping for breath. Slowly,
  exhausted as she was, she got up and crawled toward Jessie.  
Their eyes were locked, Jessie was frozen in fear
  of what she thought might be about to happen. Brandi's eyes smoldered with
  a need the old Jessie wouldn't have believed possible.  
She was mesmerized by how graceful and cat like
  the girls movements were. The first warm, wet kiss sent shivers through her
  whole body. With agonizing slowness Brandi kissed her way up from her toes.  
There was a soft *POP* as the tube was pulled from
  her clit. Her touch was so tender Jessie couldn't resist, she needed the kindness.
  They moved into a 69 and for the first time in her life Jessie willingly ate
  another woman to orgasm.  
They fell asleep in a tangle of flesh and chain,
  smiles on their faces.  
She began to look forward to her time at the club,
  always hoping to catch a glimpse, or more, of young Brandi. Jessie was reaching
  orgasm more frequently from the rough treatment He put her through.  
Most of the time He didn't even need to bind her,
  simply order her into whatever position suited him. Often times she would flinch,
  sometimes even collapse screaming but after a while she learned, she would
  beg forgiveness and get back into position. As a result her times of being
  bound became longer and more severe, a test of her endurance and an entertainment
  for while he fucked her.  
She was taken to the hotel again on several occasions,
  each time doing over a dozen hookers. She ate each of them out without protest
  each time imagining it was Brandi.  
Jessie was aware that something in her was changing,
  that her mind was breaking but she knew the realization was too little too
  late. There was nothing she could do, hope of escape or rescue had vanished
  long ago.  
The realization came one day as He was fucking
  her in the ass. She was on all fours, a full pound of lead hanging by alligator
  clips from her nipples, two apples (soon to be her dinner) stuffed up her cunt.  
"You made the news again, slut." He growled, lashing
  her back with a cat o nine.  
She only whimpered in response, through the jaw
  cracking ball gag  
He grabbed a handful of her hair, turning her head
  to the TV and hit play.  
 A news anchor appeared on the screen. It was a
  woman this time, "And on a sadder note the authorities are calling off the
  search for Ms. Jessie Hearth. Ms. Hearth disappeared (A photograph appeared
  on the screen with her name under it. The tanned blond haired voluptuous looked
  nothing like the trim, toned, pale, raven haired thing  she
  had been made.) several months ago. There have been no clues other than some
  torn clothing found near the diner she was last seen at. Many experts doubt
  that she is still alive. Now back to Tim for sports&hellip;" The screen went
  blank.  
A few tears ran down her cheek but she still met
  his every thrust and came when her huge clit was crushed between his fingers.  
Once again they were at the club. He had promised
  Jessie something special as a reward for recent obedience. The biggest surprise
  was that she was not to be bound at all. For a fleeting moment the thought
  of escape passed through her mind but then she remembered, the bouncers don't
  let anyone leave unescorted if they're collared and hers was padlocked on.  
Her outfit was a change too. There was no corset,
  nor an inch of latex. It was a simple white string bikini, quite skimpy.  
"You might want to stretch some" Diana said, pinching
  her ass as she passed by to the stage. Her tits glimmered with enough needles
  to make a porcupine jealous.  
A large inflatable pool was wheeled out onto the
  stage. "Ladies and gentlemen, Tonight's entertainment is a wrestling match
  of bikini bondage. The slave who manages to strip her opponent nude, AND bind
  her with her own bikini wins. The losing slave becomes a servant of the winner's
  owner for the evening, serving their whims all evening." Diana waved to the
  back of the stage, "Let's me the contestants!"  
From back stage stepped Jessie, after only a slight
  push from Him. She was joined by Brandi. She was dressed exactly the same,
  though her red locks were tied back in a pony tail. It was stunning when Jessie
  realized how much shorter than her the girl was, by almost a foot! The size
  difference made it seem as though the outcome would be a forgone conclusion.  
The contestants bowed, the Jessie quite nervous
  and the redhead eyes downcast, and they entered the pool.  
"Tonight's arena was provided by one of our club
  sponsors, and topped off by some of our earlier guests." She gestured to the
  contestants, "Ladies you have the honor to be duking it out in a pool of horse
  cum, with a dash of man juice!"  
The Jessie looked down at the 8 inch deep goo in
  disgust, there was a faint smile on the redhead's lips.  
They both knelt slowly into the pool the bell rang.
  Within seconds both women were coated in white slime. The Jessie scored the
  first victory, ripping the girls top off. The audience cheered as the redhead
  was put into an arm lock while her captor struggled to get a grip on her bottom
  with her slick fingers. She was trying not to hurt the young girl, which was
  a mistake, but didn't want to face what He might do if she lost  
To everyone's surprise the Brandi, apparently double
  jointed, slipped out of the lock, down her opponent's body to almost completely
  submerge in the goop. A roar went up from the crowd when they realized the
  Jessie's bottoms had disappeared.  
What happened next was a blur. The girl jumped
  up, blinded the older woman with a handful of horse jizz, knocked the wind
  out of her with a knee to the gut, shoved the stolen panties in her mouth and
  ripped off her top. Next thing everyone knew the Jessie was on her back, wrists
  bound, face being ridden by the small girl.  
It was a nightmare. Jessie had lost the match,
  though He didn't seem to mind so much. While she was forced to lick the young
  girl clean (it hadn't taken that much persuation.) He offered Brandi's mom
  the use of his dungeon for the night (largely because he didn't want Jessie
  seen in normal public yet, but he told no one this) and she accepted.  
"The woman must have a tit fetish," Jessie thought
  through the haze of pain. In the course of three hours they had gone through
  every breast torture the dungeon had to offer. Some of them twice.  
Then she began to work Jessie's ass. The woman
  was a demonic, not caring the slightest for her subjects pleasure, only her
  own derived from their suffering. He stepped in before she could draw blood.
  For all He had done to her Jessie had never seen Him that mad.  
"You'll ruin her." He growled.  
"She's mine for the night by Club rules!" The woman
  sneered, "I can do what I want to her."  
"Snuff&hellip;is &hellip;not&hellip;allowed." He
  said through clenched teeth, he glanced at the two slaves then whispered something
  in her ear. Whatever he said got a reaction, her eyes went wide, the color
  left her face, and the whip fell from her hand.  
"Y-y-you wouldn't&hellip;" She started but saw
  the look in His eyes, she nodded, "Fine."  
Before they walked out of the dungeon he whispered
  something to Brandi. She smiled nodding vigorously.  
Jessie regained full consciousness to the feelings
  of Brandi gently tending her wounds. The loving touches soothed the pain away,
  caresses became more intimate. The need for a kind touch burned in them as
  unquenchable lust. Passion drove them beyond exhaustions as a woman's shrieks
  of agony echoed down the hall.  
"Mommy doesn't like doing it with boys." Brandi
  giggled as she snuggled with her lover.  
For a week after the night with Brandi's mom Jessie
  was given a respite and time to heal. She still had to do her work outs and
  'school' but Brandi was there doing it with her. They would be bound, side
  by side, forced to ride sybians for hours while watching bondage films. Or
  they would spend the day bound, just out of reach as they watched each other
  be brought to the edge of orgasm by electrodes, only to be denied.  
Breakfast became their favorite meal. Usually oatmeal,
  served via enema, it was disgusting if they stopped to think about it, having
  to suck their food from another's ass. However it was one of the few times
  they could freely touch and enjoy each other.  
If they had been good they were bound in a 69 for
  the night, or simply left to play.  
The final day of her stay, Jessie realized with
  a shock she was falling in love&hellip;with the young girl!  
It didn't take Him long to realize the connection
  the two girls had made. It took even less time to find a way to take advantage
  of it. Dropping hints that good behavior would be rewarded with a visit by
  Brandi He began her toilet training.  
At first it was just the waste from the two of
  them. Between the torture and promises to see her lover Jessie found herself
  actually trying  with all her heart. When she puked it
  up it was a rare occasion that she wasn't already lapping up the puddle by
  the time he'd though to order her to.  
Once Jessie could keep her new 'meals' down she
  was taken to the now familiar hotel. She knelt on a thick plastic sheet, naked,
  with wrists cuffed behind her back, and the word 'TOILET' in bold marker across
  her tits. Almost two dozen hookers stopped by the room that day.  
"Easy money" Many of them said, only having to
  relieve themselves in some tramps mouth for a quick $50. Some stayed longer
  either to fuck Him or lay between Jessie's legs, eating her to orgasm as she
  ate human waste.  
One morning Jessie woke up and her chain was already
  unlocked from her collar. Hardly even thinking about it she went through her
  normal routine. Even going so far as to don the tit nooses for the treadmill
  and making her own piss oatmeal.  
As a reward she got to skip 'school' (she had begun
  acing it anyway) and he whipped her pussy until she passed out from the orgasms.
  When she came to there was a thin cushioned mat and slightly ragged sheet lying
  next to her chain. There was a note from Him: "You have been a good slave,
  enjoy your bed."  
Jessie's eyes welled up with tears of joy, she
  honestly couldn't remember the last time she hadn't slept on a hard stone floor&hellip;  
Club shows involving Jessie were getting so popular
  they actually started paying Him to bring her in twice a week. It hardly mattered
  to Jessie as she either suffered in the privacy of her dungeon being fucked
  by one man or suffered in the club, humiliated by hundreds. Either way her
  orgasms were the same, unless of course Brandi was involved.  
He always made good on his promises. If the small
  redhead was offered as the reward for a particular task and Jessie succeeded
  her lover was in her arms within days.  
Sadly Brandi was at the club less and less often,
  and when she was her bruises and welts were horrible. Jessie humbly pointed
  this out.  
"I know. I'm working on it." Was all he said as
  he drove a three foot needle through both of her nipples.  
It was two years to the day since her kidnapping.
  Jessie was basking in the tropical sun, sweat glistening on her well toned
  body and making the white bikini nearly transparent. It had been stunning when
  it happened. The police rushing in to the house. The whirlwind court case and
  sentencing. Jessie hadn't needed to testify, though she would have gladly.
  Instead she watched.  
She watched every second of it on TV, over and
  over, from her dungeon. Watching Brandi's mom receive maximum sentences for
  child endangerment, prostitution, attempted murder and resisting arrest always
  made her cum. Then He would mention that "She'll never get out. I know the
  warden at the men's  prison she is going to be accidentally
  delivered to, where she'll disappear." and she'd cum again.  
Jessie thought of all this as she knelt rubbing
  suntan lotion on Brandi's bare chest. The little minx had worked her hand up
  the older woman's pussy, they smiled at each other.  
"Daddy, may I please have a drink?" Brandi cooed,
  not taking her eye off the welts on Jessie's tits  
"Certainly, baby you two stay here. I'll get something
  for all of us."  
That was what had sealed Jessie's loyalty to Him.
  As soon as Brandi's mom had been sent 'up the river' He had adopted her. She
  was legally his daughter now. She lived above the dungeon, in the house proper
  (sleeping in His bed of course). When she was especially good she was allowed
  to use her toy, Jessie, all night by her self.  
For herself Jessie had accepted becoming a thing,
  a non person. She didn't even know what name was on the passport that had gotten
  her here. She didn't care, she was with her Master and her lover. That's all
  that matters.  
"Jessie?! Hello!! Come in Jessie?!?"  
A hand waved in front of her face. Her first thought
  was panic, even with the black hair and glasses someone had recognized her!
  They'd take her away from Brandi!  
"Yo! Jess!" The hand snapped it's fingers.  
"You there Jess?"  
Jessie shook her head, blond locks bouncing lightly. "What?" She
  glared at her friend.  
"You've been staring at that guy like a statue
  for, like, 10 minutes! Go say something.."  
Jessie looked over at the handsome stranger, he
  gave a strange knowing smirk and turned away. There was no doubt it was Him,
  but&hellip;had it only been ten minutes? It felt so real!  
The man got up, paid his bill and began heading
  for the exit. He was leading in front of him a beautiful young redhead. "Brandi?" she
  gasped.  
The girl winked at her as she walked past.  
Something fluttered to the table as he passed.  
It was a business card. It had only one line, in
  bold letters: "If you want it, follow me."  
Jessie's hand shook as she clutched the card. Wide
  eyed she stared at her friend, then the card then the door.  
Had it happened or hadn't it? Was this a trick?
  Did it matter? Her heart told her the answer.  
Like a flash she was up, knocking over half the
  plates on her table. Not bothering with her purse she ran to the door and out.
  She ran after the man she had never met&hellip;that had raped her for years.  
Well. Maybe he would  rape
  her. As she ran towards the alley she found herself hoping&hellip;..  
===  
From the author:  
This is the type of story I hate to ready but found
  fun to write. Leading the reader on down one reality only to make them question
  whether it had happened at all or would happen by the end. I only hope I did
  it right. Please let me know.  
Constructive Criticism welcome at: impossiblecl@netscape.net  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hector


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





