BDSM Library - Naked at Work




Naked at Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story inspired by various Naked in School series originated, I believe, by Karen Wagner. The year is 2015. The government is in a monetary crisis. Pensions, unemployment benefits and welfare payments were bankrupting them. The pensions were kept but all other payments were summarily stopped. People who were on these benefits could volunteer to become slaves and be kept and fed by individuals or as part of a firm's labour force. In order to eat this was usually their only option. Minor criminals too were often sentenced to periods of slavery rather than being incarcerated in expensive to run prisons.Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF FF NC Spanking Rom  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
Naked at Work   
by obohobo  
Chapter 1. Sentenced   
&quot;Ms. Jackson and Mr. Blane to report to the Managing Director's office
  immediately.&quot; Work on several floors of the busy offices stopped for a
  few moments and workers started to speculate on the reasons for the call. Everyone
  realised unusual was about to happen. David Carsons never ever summoned senior
  staff to his office over the public address system. The voice was that of Debra
  Jones, his secretary so they couldn't gauge anything from the tone but the
  form of words wasn't those she would normally have used to senior members of
  the staff.  
&quot;Do you think Claire and Ken actually came to blows?&quot; Sally, one
  of the juniors in Claire's office asked Rachel, her companion at the next desk.  
&quot;I shouldn't think so. They usually only have verbal fights and do anything
  they can to make life difficult for the other. No doubt one of them threw some
  shit and it hit the fan.&quot; The office momentarily went silent as Claire
  made her way through to the lift. &quot;No marks that I could see,&quot; Rachel
  remarked when her supervisor had passed, &quot;Maybe she's bringing a sexual
  harassment charge against him. Or he against her.&quot;  
&quot;I hope they don't just give the bitch a little bollockin otherwise
  she will take it out on us when she gets back.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, as usual we'll be the ones to suffer for whatever she's done,&quot; Rachel
  commented gloomily.  
&quot;What have you set me up for now bitch?&quot; Ken spat as he and Claire
  arrived at the MD's outer office.  
&quot;Nothing bastard. I thought it was something you'd done.&quot; Any further
  comment was cut short by Debra telling them to go straight in. Ken knocked
  and managed to get a nudge into Claire's shoulder so he entered first. Another
  man they didn't recognise sat alongside David Carsons. Claire and Ken moved
  to take a seat in front of the desk.  
&quot;Stand!&quot; barked David. He kept them waiting while he thumbed through
  a folder, a folder they both recognised as being the one for the Greenmore
  Shipping Company accounts. It was their biggest tax account and Claire figured
  that they were being blamed because the tax return went in late and the firm
  would have had to pay a stiff penalty.  
&quot;Claire will you explain to me and to Mr. Greenmore here, why this return
  was late in being sent to the tax office when we received all the paperwork
  well in advance?&quot; David looked grim.  
&quot;I didn't get it back from the accountancy department until after the
  due date.&quot; Ken Blane was head of accountancy.  
&quot;It was&hellip;&quot; Ken tried to cut in but his boss silenced him.  
&quot;And did you check up to find out where the accounts were?&quot; David
  Carsons asked Claire. &quot;You, of course, knew they were important.  
&quot;No sir, I guess it slipped my mind.&quot;  
&quot;Or was it that you didn't wish to contact Mr. Blane for personal reasons?&quot; Claire
  flushed face told him the real answer although Claire's answer was, &quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;Now Ken, when did you finish doing the accounts?&quot;  
&quot;About two months ago sir, and I sent them to Claire's office&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;They were at the bottom of a huge stack of archive files sir,&quot; Claire
  interjected.  
&quot;Not when I sent them,&quot; Ken shot back, &quot;You must have put
  other stuff on top.&quot;  
&quot;No&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I'll doing the questioning,&quot; the MD informed them. &quot;Did you
  send other files with them Mr. Blane?&quot;  
&quot;One or two, but the Greenmore one was on the top.&quot;  
&quot;I'll look into that further later. I believe Claire that you sent them
  back nearly three weeks later. Why?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;Because there was a page missing.&quot;  
&quot;Again, you didn't take them personally and explain about the missing
  page. What did you do?&quot;  
&quot;I put a Postit note on the file and sent it back sir.&quot;  
&quot;Inside an archive file that my secretary didn't open for a further
  few weeks.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know how that happened.&quot;  
The wrangling, accusations and counter accusations went on for another half-hour
  by which time David Carsons was becoming more and more exasperated with the
  pair. &quot;Wait in the outer office, well apart while I check with your secretaries
  and then I'll see what Mr. Greenmore and I will do about this.&quot;  
Later, after he had interviewed several secretaries he spoke to Bill Greenmore, &quot;Bill
  I can only apologise to you for this whole sorry mess. I certainly had no idea
  the feud between them had gone to such extreme lengths. We will, of course,
  refund the extra tax penalty you had to pay. They will have to be severely
  dealt with too. Any ideas?&quot;  
&quot;I hope you understand David that unless the pair are seen to be severely
  dealt with, the situation will get worse and I will certainly withdraw my custom.&quot;  
They talked over possible scenarios. Finally David pressed the intercom, &quot;Debra,
  are the pair still sitting quietly?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir, but if looks could kill, both would be lying on the floor
  with multiple stab wounds,&quot; Debra laughed.  
&quot;Will you come in here please.&quot; When she arrived, David went on, &quot;Debra,
  for the time being this is for your ears only. When you return send them back
  in here and while I'm reading the riot act to them, get on to Jim Marlow at
  security and get him to come up with three of his men. I shall want the pair
  secured like common criminals. Then get on to Flagalistics Co. and see if they
  can send someone over to put a few stripes on the pair.&quot;  
&quot;That will need works council authorisation sir. Shall I convene a meeting?
  I've no doubt it would be ratified, the pair are not liked by anyone.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Debra, thank you. I was going to ask you to do that and we can
  point out that a good number of jobs may be lost if Mr. Greenmore withdraws
  his custom because of them. It he withdraws, no doubt others will too. And
  while you are on the video link to Flagalistics, ask if we can hire a pair
  of the new Super High Frequency Laser links for a week or two.&quot;  
Debra raised her eyebrows, &quot;They're going to have more than a caning
  sir?&quot; she asked.  
David smiled, &quot;Yes, Debra. The caning will only make them more antagonistic
  towards each other. Linking them naked for a while might get them to co-operate.
  If it doesn't then we can dismiss them.&quot;  
&quot;Linking? Naked?&quot; Debra looked puzzled for a while and then smiled. &quot;More
  likely they'll tear each other to shreds first!&quot;  
&quot;Maybe, maybe not, Debra.&quot;  
&quot;How long before you want security sir?&quot;  
&quot;Ten minutes, I don't think I could put up with them for much longer.
  I'll buzz twice and they can barge straight in.&quot;  
&quot;I'll say your coffee is ready when things are set up outside sir, then
  you can prepare yourselves.&quot;  
&quot;Sir,&quot; Ken started to mumble an apology when the pair re-entered
  the office. Claire also tried to speak but David stopped both of them.  
&quot;Sit down and don't either of you utter another word. Your stupid childish
  games have been the bane of Kennington Accounts for too long. They have nearly
  cost the jobs of many of your co-workers and will cause us to pay out thousands
  to cover the penalty fine incurred. This behaviour has got to cease. It has
  set such a poor example for all those below you&hellip;&quot; David continued
  to berate the pair until Debra informed him of the coffee arrival. Immediately
  they heard the signal, Jim Marlow and four of his staff burst in.  
&quot;Strip, cuff and gag them please Jim,&quot; David ordered. Although
  the pair struggled kicked and swore they were no match for the security guards.
  In a short while they sat naked in their chairs, with two men on either side
  holding them. For thirty-six year olds they weren't in bad shape. Claire was
  blushing furiously and the handling had given Ken the start of an erection.
  Both were struggling in their bonds but the gags prevented any verbal outbursts.
  David buzzed Debra, &quot;Have you been able to make the arrangements Debra?&quot; he
  asked.  
&quot;Yes sir. Council meeting at one o'clock, a woman from Flagelistics
  at three.&quot;  
&quot;Good, thank you Debra. Do you think you could find a box or something
  to put two sets of clothes in and then store them safely?&quot; Five minutes
  later, Debra grinned at the restrained couple while she carefully folded their
  discarded clothes. &quot;Please stay a few moments please. You're on the council
  so perhaps you will correct me if I say anything that is not correct.&quot; Debra
  nodded. David spoke to Claire and Ken.  
&quot;You know what the work situation is like now. If I dismiss you, you'll
  be lucky to get a job ever again. With no income you'll eventually have to
  volunteer as a slave or starve as a free person. However, you're both are skilled
  at your work and it would be a loss to a firm like this. I know there are others
  that are learning fast but it would be better for them to gradually take over.
  The new laws allow us to use corporal punishment for serious misdemeanours
  provided the works council approves. They will set the number of strokes you
  are to receive. You heard Debra, a council meeting is scheduled for one, and
  your punishment will be carried out by an official from Flagelistics at three.
  After that you will be laser linked for a period of three weeks. If you have
  not learned to live together harmoniously in that time, you will be dismissed
  from Kennington Accounts employment. We cannot afford your petty squabbles.
  Fortunately, the way the government have enacted the law, allows us to punish
  you in our own way.&quot;  
The new laws referred to came into force in 2014. The government was finding
  it difficult to fund pensions now that so many of the population were living
  into their nineties and longer. One of the savings they achieved was by cutting
  the number of expensive to run prisons. These were kept for the most violent
  members of society. Lesser crimes were punished by caning and by tagging restrictions
  whereby the tagged person could only travel within a predetermined area. Crime
  in general was low because the detection rate was so high but with the unemployment
  level high and many of them not wishing to take the slave option, there was
  still a certain amount of stealing, particularly of food. Caning and forced
  slavery, even if subsidised was far cheaper than imprisonment. The previous
  administration had sort to lower pensions but too late realised that pensioners
  now made up by far the largest voting lobby and the government of the day was
  voted out of power.  
No longer, as in the past, were payments made to persons under pensionable
  age who were out of work. Such people could either remain free, in which case
  they had to look after and support themselves or they could become voluntary
  slaves to richer people or companies who would feed and clothe them in return
  for work or other services. Kennington Accounts had a sizeable slave labour
  force. Being well paid, Claire and Ken each had a slave to look after their
  homes. Claire's was seventeen years old girl, Dana, who she treated abominably
  and spanked if she deemed her work wasn't done to a high enough standard. Ken
  didn't treat his twenty-six year old woman, Rita, quite as badly but did use
  her sexually in whatever fashion he desired.  
Claire and Ken looked at the grinning faces that surrounded them but were
  powerless to do or say anything. Tears rolled down Claire's face as she contemplated
  the caning and then living with the bastard next to her. On a number of occasions
  she'd been to the county whipping hall and seen the caning was carried out
  with ruthless efficiency on convicted criminals and now they were going to
  do it to her. She didn't believe she could take it but perhaps the council
  would take into consideration all the good work she'd done for the firm.  
Ken likewise knew how devastatingly efficient the official canings were.
  He too visited the whipping hall especially when he knew young females were
  to be caned and he'd seen two employees of the firm caned for stealing. He
  thought he could take it but knew it would be a while before he could sit properly. &quot;I
  doubt they'll give us more than eight,&quot; he told himself. Like Claire he
  thought the council would take into consideration the good he'd done for the
  firm and the profits he'd help them make. Nevertheless his eyes filled with
  water and the thought of living with the bitch Claire for a several weeks filled
  him with horror. Even if he could get his cock in her cunt, he doubted if he'd
  get much pleasure from it. &quot;I think she's a lesbian and likes her little
  girl slave more than a man with a hard piece of cock meat.&quot;  
His thoughts were interrupted by Jim Marlow asking, &quot;What shall we do
  with them now sir?&quot;  
&quot;Put them in a cell somewhere Jim until the council come to a decision.
  One in the slaves quarters perhaps.&quot;  
&quot;May I make a suggestion?&quot; Bill Greenmore spoke almost for the
  first time. &quot;Instead of hiding them away, put them on display. At Greenmore's
  we've found tying them back to back on a dining table with their legs forced
  well apart, is a particularly humiliating part of a punishment, especially
  if the staff are allowed to touch their more sensitive parts.&quot;  
Claire shook her head and growled into the gag. &quot;The fucking bastard,&quot; she
  said to herself, &quot;Isn't it bad enough that we are probably going to be
  caned? All the younger staff will look and poke fun at us. Probably the slaves
  will too when they clean the tables and floor. Oh my God, no!&quot;  
The others turned and laughed at her. They knew Bill had hit on a very good
  idea and one that might take the haughty bitch down a peg or two. &quot;Good
  idea Bill, it should make the staff enjoy their meal even more. See to it Jim
  if you please. Would you care to join me for lunch Bill?&quot;  
Without ceremony, Ken and Claire were dragged away and fastened to a small
  square table in the centre of the cafeteria. Jim's men fastened a strap around
  the stomach and another under the armpits of the two culprits, binding them
  tightly back to back and forcing Claire's breasts out. Straps were also used
  to bind each thigh to a table leg putting the genital regions on full display.
  The men took full advantage of the situation to feel and prod the pair as they
  worked. For the moment the dining room was fairly quiet but shortly the staff
  on the first lunch rota would arrive. Now only the kitchen and cleaning staff
  who were there busily preparing for the lunch break were there together with
  the slaves they were to share their lives with shortly. All came out to stare
  and comment on the display. None showed any sympathy; they had all been on
  the sharp end of their tongues many times.  
At one o'clock security unfastened them and took the pair into the boardroom
  for the works council meeting. The last two hours had been totally humiliating
  and their flesh now showed the marks where it had been pinched and mauled.
  Claire's full breasts had suffered badly and her nipples were raw from the
  number of times they'd been squeezed, frequently by staff she had never had
  any contact with. Ken's prick and balls had suffered the attentions of the
  female staff particularly for some reason, from the older ones, and were now
  very sore.  
Six men and six women sat each side of the table and chairman Ray Sykes at
  the head. David Carsons, Bill Greenmore and a number of secretaries were called
  to give evidence to the council before Claire and then Ken were in turn ungagged
  and allowed to give their side of the argument. At 2:10 the chairman called
  a halt and asked for Claire and Ken to be removed while they considered their
  verdict and sanction any punishment. Everyone quickly agreed they were guilty
  of misconduct and the main consideration was the number of strokes of the cane.
  The head of the cleaning staff proposed two dozen but most thought that too
  many. Eight was considered far too few. At the end of a protracted discussion
  and a vote the chairman brought the guilty pair back.  
&quot;Claire Jackson and Ken Blane,&quot; Ray Sykes started his spiel, &quot;We
  have found you both equally guilty of gross misconduct. Your childish feud
  could have led to many job losses and has forced the firm to pay out a considerable
  sum in compensation. As the Kennington Accounts Works Council we are only asked
  to agree to your caning and to decide on the number strokes. Your future rehabilitation
  is not in our remit.&quot; Everyone knew that meant their being electronically
  linked together for a period. &quot;We remembered the two lads that stole &pound;125
  worth of goods and were given eight strokes of the cane, your deeds cost the
  company thousands of pounds without the possible after effects to the well
  being of the workforce. In view of the severity of this a number of this council
  pressed for two dozen&hellip;&quot; Claire collapsed and had to be revived. &quot;&hellip; but
  the majority thought that overly harsh. We decided you should each receive
  sixteen. Claire screamed abuse before collapsing again. When once again she
  was revived, both she and Ken were gagged to avoid further interruptions.  
&quot;The punishment will take place at three o'clock in the lecture theatre
  and will be relayed to all departments by the SDVD links. The automatic switchboard
  will be set to refuse calls at that time and everyone will be permitted to
  stop work and watch. On behalf of the council, I have to say how much we regret
  having to take this action but we feel it is the only way to stop this feud
  before it leads to an even more serious situation.&quot;  
Chapter 2. Punished   
Security led the pair to the theatre where maintenance staff were busy setting
  up two heavy trestles and fastening them to the floor. At five to three Sonja
  from Flagelistics arrived and inspected the arrangement. Sonja, Flagelistics
  never divulged the surnames of their staff, was a tall very well built woman
  in her late twenties. From her unsmiling expression and general air of efficiency,
  no one doubted she would have no mercy but would apply each stroke with equal
  power and elicit the maximum amount of pain.  
&quot;Fasten them down please,&quot; she ordered. &quot;More pillows under
  the stomachs if you please.&quot; Sonja made slight alterations to the position
  until she was satisfied the offered buttocks were in the best position for
  her to strike them. From her bag she took two heart monitors and positioned
  their display screens so she could see them. The heartbeats were regular but
  faster than normal. &quot;Remove their gags please. I don't want them choking.
  Put your fingers in your ears if the screams upset you.&quot; A microphone
  had been added to Sonja's tunic so her voice came over clearly. Claire immediately
  started pleading and begging but Sonja totally ignored it. Turning to the camera
  she spoke, &quot;I have been asked to apply sixteen strokes of the No. 2 cane
  to the buttocks of the man and woman before you. The cane we use is a synthetic
  one, made from a material designed to hurt and leave deep welts without breaking
  the skin unless one stroke is applied on top of another. My training is such
  that this will not happen. The welts will show clearly for at least a month
  depending on the person and probably will not fade completely for a year. They
  will be a long-term reminder of their wrongdoing. Should the subject pass out,
  which happens quite often, they are revived by an electrical impulse sent through
  the heart monitor leads, therefore the caning should continue without a break.
  I shall cane each one in turn to give time for the pain to penetrate and for
  its effect to fully reach the brain. I will spray the area with an antiseptic
  before and after the caning. This will not deaden the pain but will help to
  prevent infection. It will be up to those in charge of their after care whether
  or not they are allowed analgesics.&quot; Sonja bowed slightly, then sprayed
  the captive's bare arses and then picked up the cane. &quot;Ladies first.&quot; For
  the first time her face showed a glimmer of a smile.  
The cane crashed across the back of Claire's thighs, well below the junction
  with her buttocks. Claire let out a tremendous howl and a fiery welt appeared
  which was relayed in graphic detail to the monitors in the other rooms. &quot;I've
  had to start low,&quot; Sonja explained dispassionately to the viewers, &quot;Because
  with sixteen strokes I need to cover a wide area so that none cross. As you
  may well imagine, welts across the back of the thighs are particularly painful
  and will make walking difficult for a few days.&quot; She moved and gave Ken
  his first stroke. Never in his life had he felt anything as painful. He too
  yelled. &quot;With a male, I have to make sure the testicles are well back
  from the thighs unless caning them is part of the punishment. In this case
  they are not.&quot;  
Sonja continued her commentary after each stroke and even brought a little
  humour into it. There was no humour for the victims though. Only shear agony.
  After the fourth punitive stroke, Claire's monitor gave a piercing beep. &quot;This
  one just passed out but she's back with us again now,&quot; Sonja explained.
  A few strokes later, it happened again and then a third time. Ken passed out
  and was revived on the twelfth. Finally it was all over. The captives were
  now reduced to howling wrecks. Sonja sprayed the antiseptic and then bowed
  to the cameras. To her it was just another job; a job well done; a job she
  liked doing. This one was particularly satisfying. Most of her work was in
  the county whipping hall where the petty regulations and formalities were more
  restricting.  
David Carsons walked on the stage and was handed a microphone. &quot;Ladies
  and Gentlemen and slaves. The first part of the punishment of this pair is
  now completed and I must congratulate Sonja for the efficient way she carried
  it out. Thank you Sonja. For the next three weeks they will serve as slaves
  owned by Kennington Accounts and be subject to the usual slave rules. After
  a short recovery period they will serve one week doing normal slave duties
  and the final two weeks they will do their usual work. Throughout the whole
  of the three-week period they will be kept naked and will be arm linked together.
  Supervisors will receive details of this and will pass the information on to
  all their staff. Thank you.&quot;  
Back in the second floor office, Sally and Rachel were discussing the thrashing
  of Claire, their boss. &quot;I know I hate that woman's guts but I sure as
  hell feel a bit sorry for her,&quot; Sally said.  
&quot;Yeah, and him too. I thought some men got a hard on when their arses
  were beaten but he didn't. He's not going to sit comfortably in that posh leather
  chair and bawl me out when I take work into him,&quot; Rachel replied. &quot;I
  still think that they didn't deserve quite so many though, or perhaps they
  deserved it but it was a bit too cruel.&quot;  
Both girls had tears in their eyes, as did many of the other staff, while
  they watched the caning. It had been awesome to watch their boss and Ken being
  brought naked on to the stage. The cameras didn't hide a thing. Nudity in itself
  was accepted as a natural thing in these times and people of both sexes sunbathed
  naked in parks or on beaches. However, it seemed very different when the people
  were forcibly stripped and especially so when they were fellow work people.
  Claire's tits and dark pubic thatch and Ken's prick, semi-hard when he arrived,
  were shown to everyone in full detail. For the first few strokes they'd watched
  with a little pleasure as the hated supervisor got her comeuppance but as the
  caning progressed they became a little sorry for her, and for him.  
Lesley, one of the office juniors cut in on the conversation. &quot;She got
  what she deserved. If you had been in her place she would have ordered more.
  I would have liked to have seen them both well and truly raped afterwards.
  That would have really been humiliating.&quot; The girls knew Lesley had been
  on the receiving end of Claire's strap for sloppy work twice in the few months
  she worked in the office.  
&quot;It will be humiliating enough when they have to work as naked slaves
  for a week and then work naked for two more weeks,&quot; Sally pointed out.  
&quot;Back to work, ladies,&quot; Shirley the under supervisor called out, &quot;We
  don't all want to end up in their place.&quot;  
Back in the theatre, Sonja handed Jenny, the works medic, two packages, &quot;These
  are the laser-magnatron restraints. Put them on when you're ready.&quot; She
  explained the procedure.  
Jenny thanked the woman and turned to the security men who were about to
  release the victims, &quot;Leave them for a moment please boys, it will be
  easier for me to sedate them while they cannot move.&quot; She found the right
  arm vein and injected the pain killing liquid.  
Ken slowly opened his eyes. A few feet away in another hospital bed Claire
  lay face down. She was still asleep but what attracted Ken's eyes was her severely
  welted arse, now turning vivid colours. When he tried to move, pain shot from
  his arse throughout his body and brought back the horror of the thrashing he'd
  received. He cried out with the pain and Jenny came to his side.  
&quot;Lie still for the moment Ken. I'll get you something to drink.&quot;  
&quot;Do I look like her?&quot; Ken asked with a grimace.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; Jenny replied honestly, &quot;Rest a bit longer then we'll
  have to see about getting you on your feet even though it will be painful.&quot; The
  voices woke Claire and she too cried out when she moved. Jenny brought them
  both fruit juice which they drunk through a straw.  
&quot;This is all your fault Ken Blane,&quot; Claire started, &quot;If you
  had included all the pages this wouldn't have happened.&quot;  
&quot;If you hadn't removed a page and then not hidden the folder&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I didn't&hellip;&quot; They started bickering and hurling threats and
  accusations at each other until Jenny came in.  
&quot;This feud has to stop NOW!&quot; she told them forcibly. &quot;I can
  make life a little easier for you but I am under no obligation to relieve your
  pain, only to see that there is no infection. I've just had Jack Foreman, the
  slave supervisor in to see me. He wants you at work tomorrow. I've said, no,
  not until the following day but if I have to listen to any more of this bickering,
  then I will change my mind. Understand?&quot; The pair nodded. &quot;As you
  know, you are in his charge for the first week and will be given menial tasks
  to do and subject to the same rules and discipline as the other slaves. You
  will also be living in the communal slave quarters but I have asked to check
  on you each day. Whether or not you get pain relief will be up to you. It's
  all depends on your behaviour. Now I have your tags to put on. Once in place
  and activated, only Flagelistics has the key to unlock or de-activate them,
  and as you were told earlier, the two tags must have a clear view of each other
  at all times. If they don't the laser magnetic force will pull the tags violently
  until they are once again in view. This means you will have to work, eat, sleep,
  go to the toilet and do everything together. The boss has also decreed that
  you are to remain naked at all times except when protective clothing is absolutely
  necessary. Mainly that will be light shoes. You will not be allowed even the
  simple slave tunics.&quot;  
&quot;That's barbaric. I'm not a criminal, I shouldn't have to suffer like
  that. The thrashing was more than enough and I don't think I deserved that
  when it was all his fault.&quot; Claire spluttered her defence but Jenny just
  tapped her arse very lightly causing the woman to scream with the pain.  
&quot;You know, Ken knows, I know, in fact everyone knows both of you are
  guilty. It was only the latest in a series of pranks to embarrass or cause
  extra work to the other. This one back-fired on you. Now I am fixing the tags
  so you'll be joined like Siamese twins. Ken and Claire struggled as Jenny fixed
  the tag first to Claire's left wrist and Ken's right. Both swore and cursed
  Jenny, the boss and everyone but Jenny just grinned and pushed the two beds
  together. Shortly afterwards she brought in two urine bottles. &quot; The pain
  killing injection should last an hour or two more but before then I'm sure
  you need to pass water,&quot; she laughed, &quot;You can start your co-operation
  by helping each other with that simple body function.&quot; She gave Ken the
  female one and Claire the male and left them alone.  
&quot;Pass me the bottle,&quot; Ken ordered an hour later.  
&quot;No!&quot;  
&quot;I'll use yours then.&quot;  
&quot;Big deal.&quot; Claire didn't wish to give in although her bladder
  was feeling quite full. Jenny would come back and empty her bottle so she could
  use it. Ken didn't hide the fact that he was starting to get hard when he deliberately
  peed where Claire could see. She turned her head.  
Jenny didn't return even though Claire called and called. &quot;You'll have
  to use mine and it will be more difficult for you than for me.&quot; Ken baited
  her. &quot;You'll have to stand and I'll have to hold it for you.&quot;  
&quot;No!&quot; Eventually though she did have to use the male's bottle.
  She slid over the side of the bed to hold the bottle in position but as soon
  as she put her left wrist below the level of the bed a strong force pulled
  it up and, at the same time, Ken's arm jerked towards her. Finally she decided
  she could just hold the bottle with her right hand.  
Almost immediately she finished, Jenny appeared and took the bottles away. &quot;Why
  didn't you come when I called for you?&quot; Claire complained, &quot;I believe
  you made me wait on purpose you bitch.&quot;  
Jenny ignored the comment, &quot;Shower time now,&quot; she announced, &quot;Slide
  off the bed and stand carefully before you start walking. Hold hands so you
  give each other some support.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not holding hands with him, not for anything,&quot; Claire asserted, &quot;I
  can stand on my own.&quot; She could but it was painful to take a step and
  she cried out each time.  
Ken complained too but not just for the same reason. Lying on his stomach
  had given him an erection. &quot;I don't need a shower. I just want to lie
  here.&quot;  
&quot;Move or I'll move you,&quot; Jenny ordered. Slowly Ken slid off the
  bed and stood which started another round of abuse from Claire.  
&quot;You're not going to make me shower with him in that state surely, are
  you?&quot;  
&quot;You'll get used to it. You've got to sleep and work together naked
  for the next three weeks. You'll see it and feel it often enough. Now move
  yourselves,&quot; Jenny repeated. She was getting more and more annoyed with
  their lack of effort to co-operate.  
Claire let Ken lead the way and then moved to his left. &quot;Yoooowww!&quot; she
  screamed as both their tagged arms shot towards each other. The moment unbalanced
  her and she fell to the floor, fortunately she did not land on her bottom.
  Both she and Ken screamed as the muscles in their buttocks tensed with the
  pain of the sudden movement. &quot;Stupid bitch,&quot; Ken yelled, &quot;You
  should know by now we have to let the tags see each other.&quot; It sparked
  another slanging match.  
Jenny had enough of the nonsense. Dragging Claire screaming to her feet she
  put the two tagged hands together. &quot;Listen slaves, you WILL hold hands,
  you WILL wash and dry each other and if I hear any more complaints you'll feel
  my hand hard on your already tender backsides. Understand?&quot; Both Claire
  and Ken were about to protest but Jenny shut them up, &quot;I asked if you
  understood, not whether you liked it. Now move and wash each other. Your faces
  are in a mess from the crying. Ken, make sure you remove the all remains of
  her make-up. Slaves don't wear that shit.&quot;  
Ken did as he was told but when his washing extended to Claire's breasts
  she again protested. &quot;I can do there myself. I don't need a pervert like
  you fondling them.&quot;  
&quot;Smack!&quot; Jenny's hand connected with Claire's very tender backside.
  Although she hadn't hit hard the effect was excruciating. Claire treated the
  nurse to a further round of abuse and received another smack. By now she was
  sobbing again and tried to rub the tender area. Unfortunately this put the
  tagged wrist out of sight of its counterpart. The two leaped together thrusting
  Ken forcibly in close contact with Claire's tits. She violently pushed him
  away and for a few moments it seemed that a real fight might develop. &quot;Hold
  it right there!&quot; Jenny commanded, &quot;This is my last warning. Another
  incident like that and I will call security and they can deal with you and
  because you are now slaves, they won't have to be gentle. Claire you will stand
  with your tag out to one side and let Ken wash you everywhere except your bottom.
  He will wash your back, your legs as well as your tits and cunt.&quot; You
  will then wash him everywhere except his arse. Make sure you do his prick too.
  Do it or I'll get security to force you and that will be painful.&quot; It
  was noticeable that Ken spent a fair amount of time on Claire's tits and cunt
  while she washed his prick in a perfunctory way but Jenny let it go. Drying
  each other was almost a repeat performance although Jenny did insist that Ken's
  prick and balls were properly dry.  
As they made their painful way back to the casualty room, the pair started
  picking on each other again. By then Jenny had had enough. In front of them
  she took out her video communicator and dialled Jack Foreman's code. &quot;Hi
  Jack, you wanted the two new slaves; you can have them now. They'll need footwear
  but as you know, they are to be kept naked otherwise.&quot;  
&quot;I'll be right over Jenny. You having trouble with them? I thought you
  wanted them kept comfortable all day tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;They're in need of more than the hand of a tender hearted nurse to
  control them, Jack. Talk to you in a bit.&quot; Turning to the pair who were
  again protesting, &quot;You have brought this on yourselves. Had you started
  to work together, I would have insisted on your remaining here. Now you will
  be set to work like all the other slaves. I shall ask to see you in the morning
  and perhaps later in the day but otherwise you will be treated like all the
  others Jack has control over. You know what he's like with the strap so you'd
  better behave yourselves.&quot; They knew because they'd several times sent
  slaves to him for punishment.  
&quot;Bitch,&quot; Ken spat.  
&quot;I thought nurses were supposed to help the suffering. Seems like the
  reverse is true for you,&quot; Claire added.  
&quot;I think you two need to learn the difference between suffering and
  being insufferable.&quot;  
At this moment Jack entered with the fit-all shoes and Jenny informed him
  of the problems she was having and the intransigence the pair were showing.
  Claire immediately disliked being talked about and stated she wasn't about
  to be treated like a slave. Without a moment's hesitation, Jack unhooked the
  strap from his belt and lashed it hard across her breasts. &quot;Hold hands
  and keep your mouths closed unless you want to be strung up and lashed back
  and front. I would have thought you'd had enough pain for one day.&quot; Still
  crying out with the pain and the shock, Claire did nothing when she felt Ken
  link his hand in hers. Chapter 3. Slavery   
&quot;I presume they're both on permanent contraception Jenny,&quot; Jack
  asked.  
Jenny opened the files. &quot;Yes. Claire never opted into the breeding programme
  and had the permanent shot six years ago. Ken wanted to be in the breeding
  programme but didn't pass the tests. He also had the permanent contraception
  shot six years ago. Both own a female slave so presumably they have sexual
  relations with them. I better get the works welfare team to bring them in.
  They won't be able to go out or get food for themselves. Looks like you'll
  have two more slaves for a few weeks.&quot;  
The breeding programme was brought in more or less at the same time as the
  slave and discipline regimes. It was all part of a government package aimed
  at reducing costs. Even with contraception methods, the birth rate was high
  and the population was growing fast. In order to combat this all girls and
  boys when they reached puberty were given temporary contraception injections
  that were effective for a year and renewed annually. When a couple had been
  in a permanent relationship for three years they could apply to enter the breeding
  programme and would be allowed to produce two children before being given the
  permanent anti-contraception shot. No later than the age of 32 all males and
  females would receive the permanent shot. The injections in no way hindered
  sexual activity and males would produce semen but without living sperm.  
&quot;That's okay. I'm sure we can fit them in and I've no doubt others will
  wish to take advantage of this pair.&quot; Turning to Ken and Claire, &quot;Come
  this way. Hold hands otherwise I will fit old-fashioned cuffs on you.&quot; He
  led them to the slave's dining room where dinner was nearly over. &quot;Get
  yourselves some food. You may stand to eat. That bar over there is reserved
  for slaves who find it difficult to sit. Remember you have no status here.
  You are a slave just like they are.&quot;  
Neither felt like eating and yet they were hungry, not having had any food
  since breakfast, which Claire never ate anyway. Claire murmured she didn't
  want anything except to lie down but Jack forcibly told her to eat and she
  wouldn't get to lie down until much later. All the while whilst waiting in
  line and carrying their food to the bar counter, they were conscious of keeping
  their tags in ray contact as well as all the eyes that were upon them. By now
  the effects of the painkilling injections were beginning to ease making each
  step a slow and painful movement.  
All the worker slaves, male and female, wore blue tunic type dresses which
  covered their bodies adequately if not fashionably. They seemed a happy bunch
  and joked with the overseers. Claire and Ken had never seen this side of slave
  life. When working in the offices, slaves were always quiet and respectful
  but here in their own domain, they more than made up for it. From the moment
  they entered the pair were the butt of ribald comments particularly as Ken's
  prick had once more started to rise. Claire particularly, at first responded
  with acid comments but soon found these were greeted with whoops of raucous
  laughter which caused them even more embarrassment. In the end they ignored
  them or just smiled. The overriding issue was always the horrendous pain in
  their backsides. Through tear filled eyes Claire recognised one or two slave
  workers and vowed she'd make their life more unpleasant when she returned to
  her office again. Now as they stood a little apart at the bar pecking at the
  food, the pain was increasing as the effects of the drugs Jenny gave them wore
  off. It was painful to stand and they couldn't sit and there was no bed to
  lie on. Each now silently blamed the other for not still being in casualty
  on a nice soft bed. For the moment though, there existed a sort of armed truce
  between them.  
&quot;Aaaaahh!&quot; The screams came from both mouths as their arms shot
  towards each other punching a person who'd come between them. The man, a junior
  overseer, unknowingly walked between them and started to caress both arses.
  The blows knocked him to the ground and as he stood again his hand freed the
  strap from his belt and was poised to lay it hard on the already sore flesh.  
&quot;No!&quot; Jack Foreman yelled just in time. &quot;Leave them Roy. It
  was your fault.&quot; Jack stood, called for silence and went on to explain
  to everyone about the tagging system. &quot;To make sure this doesn't happen
  again, I will put some old fashioned cuffs on them as well whenever it is practical.&quot; To
  the tagged pair he said, &quot;You must try and keep your arms and bodies touching
  so this doesn't occur again, even by accident. When you've finished your tea,
  Sarah, the woman with the maroon tunic, will take you to the sleeping quarters
  and explain the arrangements to you.&quot;  
Sarah, a woman in her mid fifties introduced herself, &quot;Hi,&quot; she
  said brightly, &quot;I'm Sarah and I am sort of head slave here or an under
  overseer. I'll do what I can to ease your lot while you are here but my authority
  is very limited. I, and some of the others, were appalled at the thrashing
  you received. None of us have ever had anything like it, not in here anyway.
  We all get the strap and sometimes we think that's harsh but nothing like you
  two had. Even though most of us hate you for the way you've treated us, we
  still think they overdid your caning. Still you'll get over it in time and
  if you work with us, we'll help you. Treat us like shit and you'll return to
  work in a worse state than you are now.&quot; Sarah stated this factually and
  without showing much emotion. She went on. &quot;Jack says you are to hold
  hands and come with me.&quot; She led them slowly to the slave dormitory, a
  large room with rows of double beds along each wall. Only a narrow space separated
  the beds and there were no lockers. There were pillows and the mattresses had
  a sheet covering but there were no bedclothes.  
&quot;Normally we sleep two in a bed,&quot; Sarah explained, &quot;We all
  like sex in one form or another and most prefer a member of the opposite sex
  but there are some lesbians and a few gay men. Some have semi-permanent partners
  others change on a nightly basis. The overseers often take a slave to their
  room for the night and no slave, and that will include you two, can refuse
  to allow them to fuck you in any way they want. Between the slaves it is usually
  by general agreement but if a slave girl refuses to allow a slave boy to fuck
  her, or vice versa, he can appeal to an overseer. The appeal is normally granted
  so in reality there isn't much choice. Things may be different with you because
  you cannot be separated.&quot;  
&quot;So I will be forced to have sex with any man even if I don't want to,&quot; spluttered
  Claire.  
&quot;I expect you made your slave have sex with you,&quot; Sarah commented, &quot;And
  refusal can be painful. Sex has to stop at midnight unless it is with an overseer
  so we can get enough sleep to do a days work. No one has a particular bed except
  I have the one at the end, and as you can see there are no lockers. They're
  not needed as we do not have any possessions.&quot;  
&quot;Not even a toothbrush?&quot; Ken asked.  
&quot;No, not even a toothbrush. Toiletries and toothbrushes are disposable
  items and are replaced each day.&quot; She led them to the washroom. &quot;We
  wash and do our business in here. There's no privacy for slaves but we're naked
  like you after nine o'clock when we have to hand our tunics in. We get fresh
  ones at breakfast.&quot;  
&quot;You mean we have to use these toilets with everyone watching? Oh God
  no!&quot; Claire was nearly in tears again, &quot;And I can't even sit properly.&quot;  
Sarah laughed, &quot;I guess that will cause some amusement. We're a pretty
  happy bunch and there will be a lot of comments and banter as you've already
  found out, but you'll have to learn to take that without getting upset. You're
  lucky they're keeping out of the way now to let me talk to you in private.
  Normally people would be in here and couples would already be screwing on the
  beds.&quot;  
Jack Foreman came in. &quot;I've found a suitable pair of old leather cuffs
  for you.&quot; While he fitted them on he explained, &quot;They won't be locked
  or anything but it takes two hands to put on and take off, so you will have
  to do that for each other. The clip connecting them also requires two hands
  to open. One of you will have to pull the pin back while the other releases
  the clasp. You'll need to take them off in the shower but keep them on while
  you're working. It's for you own safety. Understand?&quot;  
Claire and Ken muttered something and then screamed as Jack's hand hit their
  arses. &quot;You will answer, yes sir. You should already know that. I presume
  Sarah informed you of your sexual status?&quot; Without waiting for a reply
  he went on, &quot;Claire, I will be fucking you shortly, I like to have the
  first fuck with all the new female slaves although you don't have the most
  appealing body that I've seen. Your slave Dana has just arrived and I will
  be taking her to my bed for the night. She's certainly far more attractive
  and perhaps I'll find out if she's really a lesbian.&quot;  
Claire started to make a comment but held her tongue. &quot;He's just trying
  to humiliate me even more,&quot; she told herself but then she wondered how
  she would be able to take a man when she didn't dare put any weight on her
  bottom. &quot;If you are&hellip; going to&hellip; rape me&hellip; how will
  I be able to&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I'll fuck you doggy style for the first day or two Claire and I expect
  Ken and the others will too.&quot; Ken smirked at the thought of raping the
  woman who, in his eyes, had brought this upon them. &quot;And forget the rape
  notion. You're a slave. You're owned so there is no such thing as rape. You
  get fucked.&quot; Jack informed her.  
&quot;You mean I have to let that bastard rape me too?&quot; She used the
  rape word again. &quot;When he's the cause of my being here.&quot; Anger flared
  in Claire's voice.  
&quot;More than that Claire,&quot; Jack replied, &quot;Like the other slaves
  he can fuck you any time you're free to do so but also the MD has ordered that
  he do it in front of witnesses at least once a day and preferably twice. I
  am to punish both of you if this is not done and I can use the strap on any
  part of your bodies, even your arses although Jenny might have a few words
  with me if I split the skin.&quot;  
The full horror of their situation was beginning to dawn on them. They weren't
  playing at being slaves, they were real slaves for the next three weeks. No
  longer were they boss of their own little kingdom. The situation might not
  be as cruel as slavery was in the nineteenth century but they could still be
  punished and abused if the overseers and staff thought fit. Even the girls
  in their own office could complain and have them punished.  
&quot;Bend over the bed Claire, I've time for a quick one now and then I
  shall be recovered enough to satisfy Dana.&quot; Jack spoke firmly.  
&quot;No please, I haven't done it&hellip;&quot; Claire started to plead.  
&quot;No man would have you&hellip;&quot; Ken cut in.  
&quot;Cut the crap. I can easily order the others here to hold you both down
  while I colour your backs or fronts and then you'll be fucked anyway, even
  you Ken. A number of the men would delight in ravishing your arsehole. I shall
  forbid it for the moment because of the state your arse is in but I can easily
  order them to use it &ndash; and yours too Claire. Now bend over the bed.&quot;  
By now other slaves had started to drift into the dorm. As each entered they
  removed their tunic, folded it and placed it in a plastic hamper for recycling.
  A new one would be provided in the morning. Naked, they watched as Jack unzipped
  his trousers and forced his cock into Claire's unwilling vagina. She screamed
  and yelled at the top of her voice but it only caused laughter and risqu&eacute; comments
  from the other slaves.  
&quot;Mistress's too dry for that sir. Let me help. It will be better for
  you.&quot; Everyone turned and waited to see Jack's reaction to Dana's suggestion.  
&quot;I guess you should know Dana but she's not your mistress now. I'm your
  master but get to it and make it fast.&quot; The girl quickly placed herself
  between her ex-mistresses legs and she could feel the heat from the welted
  nates as she expertly applied her tongue until Claire's juices began to flow.
  She had mixed emotions on being there. In many ways she wasn't sorry that her
  mistress had been punished but she wondered what the repercussions would be
  when she returned home. Slavery in the works didn't worry her overmuch; it
  couldn't be more painful than being with Claire and at least here she would
  be with others and not live on her own for most of the day.  
Soon Dana moved to one side and guided Jack's prick into Claire's hole. Again
  Claire screamed as much from indignation as the pain, although that was not
  inconsiderable especially when Jack's loins touched her tender flesh. It was
  over all too quickly for Jack. It wasn't the best fuck he'd ever had, but he'd
  wanted to continue to subjugate the woman. &quot;Your turn Ken. She should
  be well lubricated now.&quot;  
Ken found it very awkward. Being cuffed the way he was, meant her arm was
  pulled across her back and his was across his stomach. &quot;Turn over Claire.&quot;  
&quot;No! You know I daren't put any pressure on my bottom. The pain is bad
  enough now, with your weight on it I'll pass out. Just leave me alone. I'm
  going to die.&quot; Claire protested.  
&quot;Of old age like the rest of us. Just lie with your back on the bed.
  Keep your bum over the edge. I've got to do this.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah. Like you don't want to. I bet you've fantasised about raping
  me for years. Pervert!&quot; The altercation caused more comments from the
  others but despite more yelling, and help from many hands she was turned face
  up. Without being asked two male slaves took hold of a leg each and supported
  them level with the bed and as wide apart as they dared go. Ken thrust carefully
  into her and then began to fuck in earnest. It hurt to move his muscles too
  but at least he had the satisfaction of fucking the woman he hated. Another
  male slave took Claire's breasts in his hands and massaged them forcibly. They
  were still tender from the blow Jack had laid across them. When the nipples
  became erect he took one after the other into his mouth and despite her not
  wanting to, Claire started to become aroused. Normally Dana would have done
  this; done it much more gently otherwise Dana's backside would have felt the
  strap, but somehow Claire's response to the man's 'titty attack' as he put
  it, was similar.  
Ken too soon finished and had to withdraw. &quot;Make her suck it for you
  Ken. She should have done if for me but this little thing here,&quot; indicating
  Dana, &quot;did it instead. Ken clambered awkwardly on the bed and knelt with
  his knees astride Claire's chest and his drooping prick aimed towards her lips.  
&quot;NO!&quot; shouted Claire, &quot;It's too disgusting.&quot; Hardly had
  the words left her mouth when she felt Jack's strap strike her hard across
  the lower stomach. She screamed again. Jack raised his strap and laid on a
  second welt.  
&quot;Shall I go on Claire?&quot; Jack asked. Claire shook her head and opened
  her mouth. It was more the humiliation of having to suck it in front of others
  rather than the taste that she objected to.  
&quot;Your turn Kenny boy. Clean her cunt out. We don't want her dripping
  everywhere,&quot; Jack ordered. It was Ken's turn to look disgusted. He paused,
  then winced as Jack's belt caught him across the shoulders. &quot;Get that
  tongue right inside her Kenny. She might even enjoy that.&quot; Still smarting
  from the latest stripe and from the use of the diminutive 'Kenny' which he
  had tried to get rid of even as a child, Ken started to lick and received another
  stripe for not putting enough effort into it.  
&quot;Okay, you can rest now,&quot; Jack said some five minutes later. &quot;Lie
  on the bed face to face and give each other a cuddle.&quot; When he was satisfied
  they were in a tight embrace, Claire's tits tightly mashed against Ken's chest,
  Jack left them and attended to other business. Around them other couples copulated
  freely and openly and to Claire's amazement, with enjoyment.  
&quot;Dana, come to my room. I have to give you the standard slave's welcome
  and then we can have a good fucking session,&quot; Jack informed Claire's slave.
  The other slaves knew the standard welcome was ten strokes of the strap but
  doubted if Jack would apply it overly hard to the young and attractive girl
  he was going to bed for the night.  
&quot;God the pain in my bottom is getting worse, the pain injection has
  completely worn off,&quot; Claire whispered half an hour later.  
&quot;Mine too. You think we dare ask for another? I need to pee so we'll
  have to move. I can't go all night.&quot; Claire knew she couldn't either but
  wouldn't admit it. &quot;If I slide off my side of the bed, will you follow?&quot; Ken
  went on.  
&quot;I suppose I will have to. At least is should be better than the bottle.&quot;  
Having lain for a while, their muscles were stiff and walking was extremely
  painful but they managed to keep side by side. Claire turned her head aside
  while Ken peed and then he asked the question that was plaguing her mind. &quot;How
  are you going to do it?&quot;  
&quot;Guess I'll have to stand as well. You know I daren't sit.&quot;  
&quot;I'll try and hold you.&quot; Claire wanted to tell him she could manage
  but doubted that she could. He put his left arm under her armpits and held
  her tight while she crouched down a little and did what she had to.  
&quot;Thanks,&quot; she murmured before she stopped to think what she was
  saying.  
As they returned Jack was sitting on a bed talking and laughing with a couple
  of slaves. Dana was on his knee and seemed to be enjoying having him fondle
  her tits. Her eyes looked to have been crying but she was now smiling. Ken
  stopped in front of them. &quot;Excuse me sir, would it be possible for us
  to have another injection to kill this pain? The one Jenny gave us earlier
  has worn off and the pain is pretty horrendous again. She did say she would
  give us another before bedtime.&quot;  
&quot;That was before you pissed her off with your behaviour. You could still
  have been in casualty in reasonable comfort.&quot;  
&quot;Would you ask for us though sir,&quot; Claire begged, &quot;We really
  hurt so bad and we won't be able to sleep and may keep the others awake.&quot;  
&quot;I don't really see why I should bother,&quot; Jack answered enjoying
  the fact they were trying to beg for his assistance. &quot;I don't see why
  I should disturb Jenny. It's not really an emergency and she probably in bed
  with some nice young patient.&quot;  
&quot;Oh please sir, please ask.&quot; Tears were running down Claire's cheeks.  
&quot;Look round this room. How many of the slaves here have you complained
  about for petty little things?&quot; They looked. Most of the couples had stopped
  what they were doing and were looking back at them. Ken and Claire particularly
  looked guilty. &quot;How many times have you strapped Dana here just for your
  enjoyment?&quot; Jack went on. &quot;We know they are slaves, we know there
  are times when we need to punish them but it shouldn't be done needlessly.
  You two on the other hand were justly punished and I for one don't have a problem
  with the severity. I believe it was well and truly justified and now you wish
  me to try and get your pain diminished. Perhaps we should get all your fellow
  slaves to vote on it? It's not often they get chance to vote. What do you say
  people?&quot; Jack raised his voice so they all could hear, &quot;Do I contact
  Jenny and get pain relief for this pair or not? Who says yes?&quot; A few raised
  their hands including Dana. Ken couldn't see Rita, his ex slave. Then a few
  more hesitantly raised theirs and a few more. One of the junior overseers counted. &quot;Who
  says no?&quot; Again, first a few hands were raised, then a few more. The slaves
  were not used to being asked to give an opinion.  
&quot;What's the verdict John?&quot;  
&quot;Very, very close Jack. Only one vote in it although some must have
  abstained.&quot; John paused, keeping the couple in suspense. &quot;By one
  vote only, you are to ask Jenny to give them treatment.&quot; Ken and Claire
  sighed with relief.  
&quot;That of course doesn't mean that she will,&quot; commented Jack, &quot;And
  after your abuse earlier I wouldn't blame her.&quot;  
&quot;Jack do you really want me to get up and come down there just to deal
  with that pair? I've just got comfortable with a nice glass of wine and Jake
  is massaging my feet.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not bothered Jenny. It's just that&hellip;&quot; Jack went on to
  explain.  
&quot;Give me three good reasons why I should help them Jack.&quot;  
&quot;That's for them to answer Jen, if they can.&quot; He passed the video
  to Claire, &quot;You heard her. You give her the reasons.&quot;  
&quot;Because we hurt so badly and it's getting worse again. Because we could
  disturb everyone if we are crying out in pain all night&hellip;&quot; Claire
  answered and stopped.  
&quot;Because we are sorry for what we did this morning. Sorry Jenny. Please
  help us. We know you don't have to.&quot; Ken intercepted whatever Claire's
  third reason was going to be.  
&quot;I'll be over when Jake has finished,&quot; Jenny answered abruptly. &quot;Ken,
  yours was the only valid answer.&quot;  
The injection helped but they both spent a disturbed night. Baz a male slave
  asked to fuck Claire and when she hesitated he threatened to call Jack and
  Claire knew she would have to give in or receive a further strapping. He agreed
  to doggy style again and immediately he withdrew, licked her clean and then
  to a climax which Claire found rather unusual but quite nice. She took his
  member in her mouth without complaint this time, again knowing she would be
  punished if she didn't.  
A girl called Sally wanted Ken to fuck her but she was unable to get him
  erect and had to give up. Pain and the exhaustion of the thrashing had taken
  their toll. When things quietened down and everyone started to sleep, Ken pulled
  Claire tight to his body again and they drifted off but seemed to wake many
  times during the night.  
A siren woke everyone at six a.m. and all except Ken and Claire immediately
  jumped out of bed. Most headed for the showers and toilets. Only a few went
  the other way. Sarah came to them, &quot;You have half an hour to shower, shit
  and clean your teeth etc. Then you line up for inspection and breakfast.  
&quot;But we can't work as fast as the others because we're tied together,&quot; protested
  Claire.  
&quot;You'll just have to do the best you can otherwise the strap will hurry
  you along.&quot;  
&quot;Unclip our cuffs then. We mustn't get them wet.&quot;  
&quot;Not unless you remember to ask properly.&quot;  
&quot;Unclip our cuffs please Sarah.&quot; Claire said the right words but
  her tone belied them. Claire made it sound like a demand.  
&quot;You have to learn to do it yourselves.&quot; Sarah walked off to start
  her own ablutions leaving the pair arguing and wasting precious minutes getting
  the clip undone and unfastening the cuffs. One of the showers was free so each
  washed quickly and only twice did the tags drag them together. It made them
  realise the value of the leather cuffs.  
&quot;There's two toilets together over there. If we sit side by side we
  can both go at the same time. I guess we've got to start and try to sit although
  it is going to hurt like hell,&quot; Ken pointed out. Claire didn't want to
  agree but she could see the sense in it. They were already behind everyone
  else with the washing. Both cried out loudly when they sat down even though
  they tried to support themselves with their hands. Ken was only halfway through
  shaving and Claire was brushing her teeth when a female overseer ushered them
  out and into line for inspection. Of course they failed.  
&quot;One not shaved or cleaned his teeth and the other teeth unfinished
  and hair not brushed. Both of you need also to get Sarah to trim that unsightly
  pubic growth. Get it done before tomorrow. I'll be lenient with you as it is
  your first day and you have the problem of keeping together but you've got
  to work that out by tomorrow. For today you will get one stroke of the strap
  across each hand&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Oh no, not more pain,&quot; cried Claire.  
&quot;&hellip;one stroke across each hand if you hold them out like schoolchildren
  did years ago. Four if we have to hold them for you. You first Kenny.&quot; Ken
  muttered something akin to swearing. &quot;The reply should have been 'yes,
  ma'am. Two strokes now. Understand?&quot;  
This time Ken had the sense to reply, &quot;Yes ma'am.&quot; From her badge
  he could see her name was Julie.  
Ken winced each time the strap cracked across his palms but managed to hold
  them still. He feared he would receive eight if pulled back. After her first
  stroke Claire pulled her hand back and tucked it under her arm. Unfortunately
  it was the tagged hand and once more the tags pulled themselves together with
  some violence. Ken fell to the floor and landed badly on his backside. He writhed
  in agony and in doing so once again the tags couldn't see each other and dragged
  Claire on top of him. To the watchers it looked highly amusing. Even stern
  faced Julie had to grin but she soon had them on their feet again. They stood
  shaking with pain, tears and cries of anguish rending the air. A trickle of
  blood ran down the back of Ken's leg where his impact with the floor had opened
  a welt.  
&quot;The other hand now Claire,&quot; Julie commanded coldly.  
&quot;Please have mercy on me. Can't you see I can hardly stand for the pain?&hellip; ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Do you wish for someone to hold your hand?&quot; Julie asked icily.  
Slowly Claire extended her palm. &quot;How could they be so cruel,&quot; she
  asked herself bitterly. Even Claire noted she had not been hit hard this time.  
&quot;Finish your ablutions, get your cuffs and report to me in the dining
  room when you're done. You might just make breakfast if you hurry.&quot; Ken
  grabbed Claire's hand and they hobbled back to the ablution area.  
&quot;It's all your bloody fault Ken, or is it Kenny now?&quot; Claire started
  baiting him.  
&quot;Shut up Claire, We're sore enough now&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Don't you tell me to shut up! You got us into this mess.&quot; They
  continued arguing while completing their washing. Claire turned her back on
  Ken and once more their magnatron links pulled them together causing Ken to
  snick his face with the razor.  
&quot;You stupid cow!&quot; he yelled. Claire looked and almost felt a little
  sorry for him when she saw the trickle of blood.  
Julie and the other slaves heard the altercation as they trooped to the dining
  room and smiled to themselves. They'd learn the hard way, sooner or later.  
Finally they completed their washing and Ken fastened Claire's leather cuff.
  He offered his wrist for her to do the same and they worked together to fasten
  the catch. &quot;Claire,&quot; Ken said quietly, &quot;If we are to get through
  this, we can't keep blaming each other. That's what they want us to do. We're
  playing into their hands. They want us to cock-up so they can keep beating
  us. You've got to help me and I've to help you. Did you see how the others
  worked together almost as a team? Some went to the toilets first, others the
  shower and the rest did teeth and shave.&quot;  
&quot;We've been handicapped by the tags. That's not fair. That why we can't
  keep up.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, that does make it a sod. Nothing we can't get over I suppose.&quot;  
&quot;In any case I don't see why I should&hellip;&quot; Claire stopped, &quot;You're
  bleeding.&quot; Claire noticed the drying blood on his leg for the first time.
  Without being asked she took a tissue and wiped the area. Even though she did
  it gently, Ken winced and the blood started oozing out again. &quot;Maybe Jenny
  ought to look at it. It's not a long cut but it is still bleeding.&quot;  
&quot;That's a first for the bitch,&quot; thought Ken but out loud he said, &quot;Let's
  try and grab some breakfast first. I'm dying for a coffee. We've still got
  to pass bitch Julie's bloody inspection.&quot; Seeing Claire's hair still needed
  doing he went on, &quot;Give me that bloody hairbrush so I can get that tangle
  from your hair otherwise we'll be here until they collect us and we'll get
  the strap again.&quot;  
Begrudgingly Claire muttered &quot;Thanks.&quot;  
&quot;I'm only doing it so we don't get into more trouble. Do I look okay?&quot;  
&quot;As good as you ever do. Does that prick of yours ever go completely
  soft.&quot;  
&quot;Not when it's near a naked, smelly cunt. Come on let's get back.&quot;  
The breakfast counter was closing when they returned and yet they had to
  stand while Julie took her time thoroughly inspecting them. She lifted Ken's
  prick and made Claire bend over to make sure she was clean between her legs.
  Everyone knew Julie was doing it to humiliate them further. &quot;After breakfast
  get that cut seen to. Then report to Sarah in the main dining hall,&quot; she
  snapped.  
Only the coffee and tea machines were still open. &quot;Looks like they're
  going starve us as well,&quot; Ken moaned. He noticed all the others were now
  wearing tunics. &quot;They must issue them after inspection,&quot; he pointed
  out to Claire. &quot;Don't suppose it will do any good us asking for one.&quot;  
Sarah signalled them to come over. She slid her plate with a croissant on
  it in front of Ken. Another slave passed a plate to Claire. Normally she would
  have disdained to eat off another's plate but she realised this could be her
  only chance to eat until much later on and they could be making her do physical
  work. &quot;Thanks,&quot; both of them muttered but neither of them decided
  to sit.  
&quot;That's okay,&quot; Sarah smiled, &quot;We usually try and help those
  who are sent back at inspection. We're only allowed two croissants but one's
  enough for many of us. You're part of my group in the main dining room today
  and I am under orders to make sure you do a full day's work.&quot;  
&quot;We've to see nurse Jenny first thing. We hope she's in good enough
  mood to give us another injection and Ken keeps bleeding after the fall,&quot; Claire
  informed her.  
&quot;Wouldn't you normally say he's a bleeding sod?&quot; Sarah questioned,
  laughing broadly.  
Claire had to laugh a little too. She wondered why the slaves mostly seemed
  in good humour. Perhaps it was the lack of responsibility. Not having to make
  decisions, not having to make deadlines or targets. Might be something in being
  a slave after all. &quot;Probably,&quot; she smiled back and even Ken had to
  grin. Rarely did he see anything but a scowl on Claire's face. He liked it &ndash; and
  the way her tits shook as she laughed.  
&quot;Get back to me as soon as you can otherwise I'll be one short to do
  the work. They're counting you two as one item or rather you are just two hands.
  See you later.&quot; Sarah turned to leave.  
&quot;Will we get tunics?&quot; Claire asked.  
&quot;Sorry. I've been told to give you clean jobs as far as I can.&quot; Sarah
  looked sympathetic, &quot;The boss wants everyone to see you naked and having
  to work and clean up after your own workers. You can guess why, I expect.&quot;  
&quot;Jenny seemed in a better mood than last night,&quot; Ken remarked as
  they headed for the dining room. She'd joked about not sitting around too much
  as she sprayed a covering of plastic skin over the wound and she'd given each
  of them a painkilling tablet. &quot;I'll check on you when I go for lunch,&quot; she
  told them as they left.  
Floor cleaning was well under way when they arrived and Sarah set them to
  taking the chairs back off the tables a wiping the surfaces. After a few tries
  they found a system whereby Ken lifted the chairs down and Claire wiped. By
  ten o'clock they were ready for the mid morning break opening. This was the
  embarrassing time. Workers, particularly from their own offices, would come
  in, stare and giggle and perhaps make a bawdy comment on their dress or the
  stripes on their arses. Sarah strictly warned them not to comment or answer
  back. &quot;You know how slaves have to treat staff. Now you are slaves and
  you must act like them. It's going to be difficult but don't let them provoke
  you. I'm sure you're not wanting another dose of the strap which is the automatic
  penalty for insolence from a slave.&quot; They already knew that but still
  couldn't really consider themselves as proper slaves.  
Chapter 4. Further punishment   
Staff were supposed to stack their trays and empty the rubbish into bins
  when they finished but many never did. Claire never did and Ken only did so
  occasionally. &quot;That what we have slaves for,&quot; Claire used to say.
  It was a different matter now she had to do the clearing. It made a lot of
  extra work.  
One of the cocky lads from her office very nearly caused Claire to have an
  outburst. &quot;You can take this stuff away slave Claire,&quot; he ordered
  and when she leaned over to pick the tray up, the boy grabbed and fondled her
  tits.  
&quot;Keep your hands to yourself Ben Barker,&quot; Claire hissed. &quot;Touching
  any slave in a familiar way was not permitted.&quot; Ken pushed in and took
  the tray, freeing Claire from his grasp.  
&quot;I shall complain to management about your attitude Claire. As a slave
  you know you are not supposed to address us personally, only as sir or ma'am.
  That will be another dose of the strap for you.&quot; Ben laughed, stood and
  left.  
Claire didn't hear any more of the incident until after lunch. They ate with
  the cooks and slaves when the dining room closed at two. Then they had an hour
  free. Jack came into the room and spoke to Sarah. Sarah came to Claire, &quot;I
  told you not to let them goad you. That boy complained. Jack would normally
  just give you a hiding but it seems that the big boss has to be told every
  time you fuck up.&quot;  
&quot;Shirley,&quot; David Carsons spoke on the video communicator to the
  woman who had taken over Claire's position, &quot;I am sending Claire to you
  for an hour. That of course means Ken has to be with her. You may have heard
  there was an incident in the dining room this morning with Ben Barker. Actually
  it was Ben who should be in trouble but as slaves are not permitted to answer
  back to staff and Claire did in the way you know quite well, I have to take
  action. Normally it would mean an automatic dose of the strap but I think she's
  had enough pain in the last two days don't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir. Neither of them can walk properly.&quot;  
&quot;Well we still have to punish her and I wondered if you could have her
  stand in a corner of the office on display until four when she has to go on
  duty in the dining hall again. Make her stand with her hands on her head like
  a naughty little girl. By the time she gets there it will only be for about
  three-quarters of an hour.&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir, I can do that. She won't like it though,&quot; Shirley commented.  
&quot;And Shirley, give that Ben Barker a real bollockin in front of everyone
  and make sure he knows I am displeased with his behaviour. He should not have
  tried to play with any slave's tits, let alone Claire's. And let me see what
  they look like on the vid.&quot;  
Claire and Ken duly arrived at Shirley's office. &quot;Things haven't changed
  much here since I left,&quot; Claire noted as she knocked and entered.  
&quot;Do you know why you're here Claire?&quot; Shirley asked a little awed
  by having to deal with her ex-boss.  
&quot;I can guess ma'am. I suppose I have to apologise to Mr. Barker and
  then be sent for the strap.&quot; Tears filled her eyes again at the thought.
  Jack hadn't mentioned what was to happen to her and Sarah again warned her
  to be polite, &quot;Just like you expected slaves to be towards you before
  the other day.&quot;  
&quot;No Claire, not quite. David decreed you'd had enough pain but you still
  needed punishment. You are to stand in the corner with your hands on your head
  until you are due back on duty in the hall. Sorry Ken that means you have to
  stand with her. You'll be facing the wall so you won't see who is watching
  you. At least it's better than another hiding. I couldn't help crying when
  I saw that Sonja hitting you so hard yesterday and by the colour of your bottom,
  it still looks extremely painful. &quot;  
&quot;Please ma'am&hellip; before we go and stand&hellip; could I use the
  loo please. Haven't had a chance since morning.&quot;  
Shirley smiled, &quot;Of course. You know where it is. And don't leave the
  seat up Ken.&quot;  
&quot;You can unclip the cuffs if you wish, as long as the tags are in line
  you wouldn't have to stand alongside me,&quot; Claire whispered when they were
  both in the corner.  
Ken wondered she'd even thought of it, &quot;It's okay. Not worth the fuss
  of getting them undone and I don't want to risk getting thrown on the floor
  again.&quot; He gave a slight smile.  
Here's the picture of them sir,&quot; Shirley told her boss.  
&quot;Let me see a close up of their bums, Shirley please.&quot; There was
  a pause as Shirley walked closer. &quot;Christ they really look awful. Do they
  seem in great pain?&quot;  
&quot;I think they're drugged with painkillers but they hobble when the walk
  and they're very reluctant to sit.&quot;  
&quot;Leave the vid on while you deal with the Barker kid. I want to hear
  and see it. It might make him think twice next time if he knows I know about
  it.&quot;  
Shirley knew it was also a test of her control and ability to take over as
  supervisor. &quot;Will Ben Barker please stand,&quot; she called out loudly.
  The general hubbub of the office died and all eyes turned on Ben. &quot;Mr.
  Barker, do you own a slave?&quot; Ben shook his head. &quot;Then why, when
  I assume you know the rules concerning the treatment of slaves owned by others,
  did you presume you could make free with a slave owned by this company?&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry Shirley. I just wanted to&hellip;&quot; His voice trailed
  off. He didn't really know what he wanted to do. Shirley then tore into him
  verbally until he was looking very downcast. &quot;You heard what Mr. Carsons
  said about this sort of behaviour. Supervisors can order you to work naked.
  Well I'm not going quite that far. Come out here and remove your trousers and
  underpants. For the rest of the day your shirt and tie will have to cover your
  modesty.&quot;  
&quot;Please Shirley, no.&quot;  
&quot;Out here! Shirley ordered sternly. You wanted to make fun of people
  who were naked, now let others here have the same fun at your expense and as
  you are not a slave, there are no restrictions on them except that I will not
  allow anything to disrupt their work.&quot; Sheepishly Ben came to the front
  of the office where Shirley made him face his fellow workers while he removed
  his lower clothing. &quot;I hope you feel very ashamed of yourself, now Ben
  Barker,&quot; she ended. &quot;Do you wish to add anything sir,&quot; she asked
  David.  
&quot;Yes, Shirley, tell him I want the Slazenger reports on my desk by first
  thing in the morning.&quot;  
Everyone in the office knew Ben was indirectly being punished when Shirley
  loudly relayed Mr. Carsons' request. There was no real hurry for it but it
  would mean Ben having to work very late. Claire gave a sly grin when she heard
  it.  
For the rest of the day, things went reasonably well for the pair. David
  asked Shirley how they behaved in her presence and was agreeably surprised
  when she said they were halfway to co-operating with each other. He also consulted
  Jenny and asked her to check on them after their meal and when most of the
  day staff would have left. She and the duty security people and one or two
  other staff ate in the slave's dining room for the evening meal. The main cafeteria
  was closed. Two blocks of thick foam appeared and were put on two chairs for
  Ken and Claire. Both looked surprised and pleased but were still very wary
  of sitting. &quot;Thank you,&quot; they said to the slave who brought them
  and then looked across at Jack. He turned his head the other way.  
An hour later, when they were resting in the dorm, Jack came in. &quot;Fuck
  her. Fuck her properly, lying on her back. The pain should have died down enough.
  You were able to sit and eat even if it wasn't too comfortable. Jenny said
  she given you more pills so they should have kicked in now.&quot; Claire groaned
  loudly as Ken turned her on her back.  
&quot;Open up,&quot; Ken said quietly, &quot;I'll get you wet first like
  Dana did last night.&quot; Ken's tongue found her slit and was surprised to
  find it already wet. Now doubt all the exposure had aroused the woman. Carefully
  he positioned himself and entered but tried not to fuck too hard.  
Jack was having none of that. &quot;Fuck her like you do Rita. Kiss her mouth,
  play with her tits.&quot;  
Ken did and immediately Claire started berating him. &quot;You're enjoying
  this aren't you?&quot; Ken admitted he was. &quot;You bloody pervert. Don't
  think you are going to carry on doing it once our time here is over.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps I won't want to.&quot; Claire cried in pain when Ken's anger
  caused him to thrust forcibly and push her bum harder into the mattress than
  he intended and hurt his own arse in the process. &quot;Sorry,&quot; he whispered
  in her ear and then French kissed her. He told himself, he was only doing what
  he was told but he knew that wasn't strictly true. He was enjoying raping her.  
Soon he shot his load and now almost automatically tongued her clean and
  to a climax. She dully accepted his cock for cleaning.  
&quot;Turn over Claire,&quot; Jack ordered. It was Ken's turn to cry out
  as Claire rolled on top of him. &quot;A little chafing on your arse,&quot; Jack
  commented, &quot;But I'll give permission for three more to have you tonight.
  Enjoy yourself.&quot; He left and found Rita and took her to his room for the
  night and her welcome. In the end, only two took advantage of her and Sarah
  came to try out Ken. She was able to get him hard again and he brought her
  off long before he shot his second load. She thanked him for giving her the
  pleasure, which peeved Claire, although she couldn't think why it should.  
During a break, Sarah came back with a pair of scissors. &quot;Jack likes
  all the slaves to be well trimmed. It takes too much time to shave each day
  so we just scissor trim the hair about once a week. I mostly do it to the others
  at the weekend when there's not so much going on. Who's first?&quot; Without
  waiting for a reply she pushed Ken on his back and holding his cock out of
  the way, snipped his growth to about a quarter of an inch long. &quot;There,&quot; she
  announced when she'd finished, &quot;Now we can see it in all its full glory.
  It's quite a nice one, don't you think Claire. I know I enjoyed it.&quot; Claire
  didn't answer. A couple of the girls clapped and one pointed out that it would
  be nicer when it was hard again.  
&quot;Your turn now Claire. Lie back and open those legs nice and wide. Let's
  see the target.&quot; To Claire to have this done in public seemed worse than
  opening her legs for the men. At least then it would soon be covered. She blushed
  scarlet and only opened her thighs a minimal amount. &quot;Come on Claire open
  wide. We all want to see and you should be used to Dana looking at it and more.
  Open wide or a couple will do it for you.&quot; In the end she did. It hurt
  to open her legs as wide as Sarah required and she kept flinching them together
  when the scissors handle touched bare thigh flesh. Without being asked two
  girls held her legs. &quot;Jess was like that,&quot; Sarah babbled on, &quot;She
  kept wanting to twitch every time the metal touched her.&quot; Soon her luxurious
  growth was trimmed to resemble a well-mown lawn. &quot;You won't get so much
  hair in your mouth now Ken,&quot; Sarah laughed.  
&quot;May I try it?&quot; asked a small oriental looking girl everyone called
  Lee.  
&quot;Sure,&quot; Sarah smiled and the girl bobbed her head between the still
  opened thighs. Claire had always thought Dana was good but this little girl
  was fantastic. Egged on by the cheerful encouragement of the others, Claire
  actually started to hump into the girl's face. She closed her eyes to shut
  out the audience but they watched just the same. &quot;Maybe I can get used
  to men, but this is heaven,&quot; Claire thought.  
A little before lights out, Ken suggested they take the cuffs off and they
  could sleep front to front as they did the previous night and they would be
  able to make better time in the morning and avoid the strap at inspection time.
  Ken's prick grew as he held Claire and she could tell he wanted to put it in
  her. On the beds around her couples were fucking noisily and Lee's ministrations
  and the new feel to her cropped cunt hair had left her a little horny too.
  Seemingly unconcerned she lifted her leg just enough to give Ken access and
  he was quick to take advantage of it. Claire lowered her leg again holding
  him tightly within her. Ken couldn't move much but it was enough for him to
  fuck gently without using his arse muscles and fortunately this is what Claire
  wanted too. He realised she was getting near a climax only when he heard her
  start whimpering and then she gave a loud groan. Ken continued to fuck but
  only had a dry climax so there was nothing to clean up.  
When morning came there was no need for them to have planned to cut their
  ablution time. As soon as the siren went, Sarah hauled them off for breakfast
  duty. They could use the kitchen toilets to pee but they would get to shower
  later. Rather incongruously, kitchen staff had to wear hair covering and an
  apron, which was fine for those wearing a tunic, but it looked comical on Ken
  and Claire. Claire suffered the brunt of the humour because her tits were bare
  above the level of the apron and they showed a blue stripe across them. Fortunately
  Sarah knew the problems they would have trying to move stacks of plates and
  dishes of hot food with linked arms, so she gave them simple cleaning tasks.  
Further laughter ensued when Claire stood at the counter with tongs to serve
  the bacon and Ken, with a spoon in his left hand, had to serve the beans. By
  now Claire knew there was no harm or slight intended in the humour and began
  to hit back with cutting humour of her own. Jenny noted this when she came
  to be served.  
For the next two days things went quite well and gradually both became accepted
  as one of the slaves and slowly began to become accustomed to their nudity.
  Gradually too they began to fully accept their status and with it came the
  knowledge that slavery, at least in this firm, was not such a bad thing. Gone
  were the worries over tax problems and accounts, gone were the deadlines for
  forms and reports, gone was the necessity for keeping above the others. You
  just did what you were told, when you were told. Claire began to wonder if
  it would be worth going back to her old job but then there occurred an incident
  that caused her to think again. Yes, a slave's life was good in some ways but
  you were at the mercy of any bitch or crank above you in status.  
A group of them were stacking chairs in an atrium to some offices. There
  wasn't much to do and Henry, the clown of the slaves, thinking no one was around
  was, as usual, larking about. Even the staff liked him and his inexhaustible
  supply of jokes. At least most of the staff did. It was Friday and the slaves
  were looking forward to the weekend. Although they were on call twenty-four
  hours a day, seven days a week, there was less to do at weekends and few outside
  demands on them. Few staff were in and the main cafeteria was closed. Henry
  was acting the part of an old-fashioned suitor wanting the hand of Claire in
  marriage. He bent down on one knee and kissing her hand, formally asked her
  to marry him. There was no way this could happen in reality even if he had
  been serious. A slave couldn't marry while still a slave. Claire, acting the
  part told him she would give it her active consideration whereby he stood and
  thanked her and repeatedly bowing low, backed towards the door. The timing
  couldn't have been better in a comedy film. Just as he bowed out so one of
  the senior first floor managers backed hurriedly through the swing door carrying
  a pile of folders. As she turned to continue on her way, Henry's bottom hit
  her stomach and she toppled over his back on to the floor. Folders and papers
  scattered in all directions. Henry could see the woman was furious and tried
  to placate her with apologies but he knew that would fail. All the slaves helped
  gather the papers together while the woman looked on in silent fury. &quot;You'll
  hear more about this,&quot; she said, her cold anger showing in her voice.  
Henry was downcast. &quot;That bitch will have me well and truly strapped.
  She looks down on all us slaves. She's like you used to be Claire.&quot; That
  remark hit home and tears sprung to her eyes. It was true and she knew it.
  Before she lived and worked with the slaves, she hardly classed them as people.
  She cried bitterly. &quot;Sorry Claire, I shouldn't have said that,&quot; Henry
  tried to calm her and Ken pulled her close. &quot;Maybe she'll forget,&quot; one
  of the others remarked but no one believed it.  
That evening, a bench that neither Ken nor Claire had seen before was pulled
  into the dorm. Henry was made to lie naked along it and fastened down. &quot;Sorry
  Henry,&quot; Jack said, &quot;You really pissed Ms. Jefferson off. She's ordered
  thirty strokes and wants to see it live on the vid. All the slaves gasped or
  cried for they all felt for the man but there was nothing they or Jack could
  do about it. Jack they knew had questioned the severity with the woman but
  she didn't want to know. With the video communicator being watched, he would
  have to do it hard enough to satisfy her or he might get ordered to repeat
  the dose. One of the overseers held the vid and Jack laid on the strokes hard
  and fast. Normally he spaced the strokes out so each one would be felt but
  this time he wanted to get it over with. All the slaves stood in lines either
  side of the bench, most were crying. At the end when Henry was screaming in
  agony and his bruised arse a vivid colour, the overseer panned the vid to show
  the faces of the others. He hoped she would have some sympathy for poor Henry
  but doubted it. Claire was distraught. In a way she felt responsible for she
  had gone along with the play act and she kept remembering the times she ordered
  a slave to be punished although she'd never ordered so many lashes.  
Jenny quickly gave him a shot as soon as the video was off and Henry was
  carried to casualty where he spent the whole weekend and hobbled painfully
  to work on the Monday morning.  
Chapter 5. Loaned out   
Claire looked up surprised when she saw Debra Jones enter the cafeteria.
  It was another half-hour before opening time. &quot;David wants to see you,&quot; Debra
  said, and then turning to Sarah, &quot;I've cleared it with Jack. If it takes
  too long he'll send someone to help with the meals.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't anticipate this happening Claire but technically you're a
  slave and he has a right to make the request. I can say yea or nay, but it
  will sour our relations if I refuse.&quot; Claire knew David was beating around
  the subject so she waited without any idea of what he was going to say. &quot;Claire,
  Bill Greenmore wishes you to spend the night with him.&quot; The shock registered
  on Claire's face. She knew the laws on prostitution well enough. Slaves could
  be loaned to others provided no payment was accepted either by the slave or
  by the owner. The practice was not uncommon for private individuals but less
  common for works slaves. Owners loaned slaves as a friendly gesture or just
  because they were going on holiday and they needed someone to take care of
  them.  
&quot;I don't have a choice do I? Claire asked.  
&quot;No. As you know we are very much obligated to Bill at this time&hellip;&quot; David
  stopped before he'd added 'for reasons you well know.'  
&quot;What about Ken? Will we be released?&quot;  
&quot;Ken will be fastened to you as now.&quot;  
&quot;So I'll have to watch that slob fuck her and not do anything about
  it?&quot; Ken butted in.  
&quot;Exactly, but you've been doing that for the last six days. That shouldn't
  be a problem. You hate her guts remember?&quot;  
&quot;Does he know about the tags?&quot; Claire queried.  
&quot;Yes and it sounded as if her was going to take great delight in making
  Ken watch him take you.&quot;  
&quot;And you can't or won't do anything to stop it,&quot; Ken's voice rose.  
&quot;Not without taking a financial loss that the shareholders won't like.
  Do I hear you taking a protective stance in this Ken?&quot;  
&quot;I just think we've already been through hell. We can just about sit
  again now if the chair is soft and the painkillers are working. We've both
  been humiliated to near breaking point, this could be the last straw.&quot;  
&quot;Then you could become permanent slaves and have to endure another thrashing.
  Both of you. Would you like to be the cause of Claire being whipped again?&quot; Ken
  knew he was beaten.  
&quot;How long do we have to spend with the slob?&quot; Claire asked.  
&quot;A glidemobile will pick you up about eight and return you here before
  breakfast so you'll spend the night with him and I guess there will be no rule
  saying sex is to stop at midnight. He assured me that this will be a once only
  thing and I know he will do his best to make it quite unpleasant for you although
  he didn't actually say that. I did also remind him that he couldn't permanently
  damage you and that any punishment on your arse could lead to breaking the
  skin open and he agreed to be careful. 'I'll be careful.' Those were the words
  he used.&quot;  
&quot;When I started work in this place I didn't expect to be told to be
  the works whore,&quot; Claire declared vehemently.  
&quot;No I don't suppose you did but then we didn't expect you to play games
  with our clients money. Get through this tonight and you can have a rest day
  tomorrow. That's all. Return to your work and I'll see you in the morning.&quot; David
  dismissed them; he didn't want to anger them and provoke a further confrontation.
  Claire and Ken left, angrily debating as to what might be in store for them
  that evening.  
After dinner that evening, Sarah made them shower and clean themselves. For
  the first time they were given a slave tunic which seemed a little strange
  to wear after nearly a week of nakedness. &quot;Maybe it is because you mustn't
  be seen in street in that area with nothing on,&quot; Sarah suggested. Jack
  removed their leg tags so they could leave the building.  
&quot;Perhaps we can escape?&quot; The thought ran through Ken's mind but
  he had to dismiss it. &quot;Where would we go? I'd soon get picked up if I
  went home and the punishment would be extended. I might even be linked to her
  for longer. Better to do as they say, for the time being anyway.&quot;  
Right on time the satellite controlled glidemobile arrived and whisked them
  away. When pollution in the city became a major problem only a few years previously,
  all hydrocarbon-fuelled vehicles were banned and replaced with electric-nuclear
  glidemobiles computer controlled by a stationary satellite over the city centre.
  The computer worked out the shortest route and had built-in safeguards to avoid
  collisions. No longer were traffic lights necessary at junctions and since
  their initiation there had been no accidents involving them although for the
  passengers, the trip could be more than a little scary. The distance between
  passing glidemobiles was often very small.  
They arrived at a fashionable arcade of three storey, terraced houses. &quot;Do
  we ring the bell or wait for someone to open the door?&quot; Ken asked. &quot;Do
  slaves have the right to ring doorbells? They must have been warned of our
  arrival.&quot;  
&quot;Go on, live dangerously, ring the bloody bell,&quot; Claire laughed
  nervously, &quot;I'm sure he'll find fault with anything we do.&quot;  
A female slave opened the door, &quot;Come in please. I'm Nadia, welcome.&quot; It
  wasn't the greeting they expected. &quot;May I take your tunics please. The
  master wishes you unclothed.&quot; She waited while they undid the cuffs and
  removed the tunics and then she refastened the cuffs for them. &quot;Shoes
  off too please. It's all carpets in here.&quot; Nadia folded the tunics and
  then removed her own. Ken and Claire noted she had a trim body and nice breasts
  but also noted the fine lines criss-crossing both her back and front and seemed
  especially concentrated on her breasts.  
Claire gave a cry at the sight, &quot;He whips your breasts? Will he want
  to do mine?&quot;  
&quot;I have no idea what he plans to do with you Miss Claire but he does
  delight in using what he calls a quirt on the tenderest parts of a woman. My
  tits, you mustn't call the breasts here, and my cunt get treated before he
  fucks me.&quot; She opened her legs a little to show the marks. &quot;I saw
  the video of your punishment. That was much worse but you'll find the quirt
  very painful too.&quot; As she talked she led them up two flights of stairs
  and stopped before a door. Knocking gently, she waited until told to enter. &quot;Master,
  the guests you wish to fuck have arrived,&quot; she announced. From her earlier
  comments it was obvious she had been told to use the crudest terms.  
&quot;Come in come in,&quot; Bill said cheerily, &quot;Let's have a good
  look at you.&quot;  
Claire looked at the pot-bellied figure wearing only a loose pair of shorts.
  She hadn't liked him when he wore a suit at their previous meeting but now
  he looked positively revolting. His eyes wandered lustfully up and down her
  body. Her eyes turned away but were held by the sight of the multi-stranded
  whip on his side table. The quirt.  
&quot;Turn round and bend over so I can see the results of that impressive
  caning Sonja gave you. She's certainly was good at her job and the results
  still show nicely and will for a long time now. They're so evenly spaced too.&quot; He
  squeezed first Claire's arse and then Ken's causing them both to cry out. &quot;Lovely,&quot; Bill
  commented, &quot;Still nice and tender as I thought they would be and such
  a lovely colour.&quot; Now he turned his attention to their arseholes and began
  to prod and poke a finger into them. &quot;You had a prick up there yet Claire?&quot; and
  when she nodded, &quot;How often?&quot;  
&quot;Twice, all in the last few days sir.&quot;  
&quot;What about you Ken?&quot;  
&quot;The same sir.&quot;  
&quot;Good that's the hole I like, especially on young ladies. Isn't that
  right Nadia?&quot;  
Nadia, still standing at one side of the room looking impassively on replied, &quot;Yes
  sir.&quot;  
&quot;Mind you your arses aren't so young but they've not had a lot of use.
  Okay Claire, sit on the edge of that settee and spread your legs and put your
  hands behind your head. I want to examine your cunt and tits to see if they
  need any treatment before I use them.&quot;  
Claire immediately guessed the treatment involved the quirt. &quot;Please
  sir, please don't hurt us any more. We've had enough pain for one week.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't ask for any comment from you! You're nothing but a slave and
  slaves get punished especially in this household,&quot; Bill snapped, &quot;Nadia
  make sure the bitch keeps her hands out of the way while I give her tits a
  few extra stripes. Ones she wouldn't have had if she kept her gabbing tongue
  still. And don't think of intervening Ken otherwise you'll both be worse off.&quot; Bill
  lashed the quirt across Claire's full breasts. She screamed. &quot;That's okay,&quot; Bill
  grinned, &quot;Scream as much as you like, just don't start being pitiful and
  begging for mercy. I have none. When the glidemobile comes for you in the morning
  you will be sore but the marks only last about a week and then they have to
  be renewed.&quot; He lashed Claire again and then twice more until she was
  sobbing and crying out in agony.  
&quot;That was a pretty poor performance Claire. Nadia would have taken those
  few without a murmur. He squeezed and kneaded the sore globes just to torment
  her. Unfortunately before I can treat you properly I have to do something about
  relieving my hard prick. Ken remove my shorts and put some spittle on it.&quot; It
  was a little awkward to get the shorts down with one hand, the other was still
  held by Nadia behind Claire's head. Eventually he managed it. Sucking a prick
  was again something he'd only done whilst in slavery but he knew better than
  to refuse. In any case if he was going to stick it up Claire's or his arses,
  the wetter it was the better. There didn't seem to be any &quot;Superslick&quot; gel
  around.  
He sucked and laved the purple head until Bill pushed him away. &quot;Turn
  over Claire. Get your arse in the air.&quot; Ken caught a hard smack on his
  arse for being on the wrong side of his partner and thus in Bill's way. &quot;Whose
  bloody idea was these tags and cuffs?&quot; he swore but it didn't require
  an answer. &quot;Open her up for me Nadia.&quot; Nadia put her hands on both
  buttocks and pulled them apart. Once again more pain but worse was to come
  when Bill forced his prick into her dry hole. The small amount of spit left
  on the head did little to lubricate the entrance. Still Bill pushed, enjoying
  the cries of pain. Claire tried to relax her sphincter muscles as she'd been
  told before and finally Bill forced his way into the opening and began hammering
  his way into her bowels. Every thrust hurt her caned arse and Claire prayed
  it would soon be over and to some extent her prayers were granted. She felt
  Bill jerk a few times and then her rectum was flooded with his semen. She collapsed
  when he withdrew.  
&quot;You'd better clean my prick,&quot; Bill ordered Ken, &quot;Looks like
  your girlfriend is out of it for a bit. Sorry I forgot, she isn't your girlfriend.
  That's why you're here.&quot; Bill laughed at his joke but it caused Ken to
  think about his relationship with the woman. Revolted from knowing where it
  had been, Ken nevertheless did as he was told.  
&quot;Pour me a drink Nadia and give Claire a sip, she's coming back to us
  now.&quot; Bill sipped his whiskey and after a few minutes went on. &quot;While
  my weapon is recovering, let's see what yours is like Ken. Get him hard Nadia.&quot; Nadia
  knelt and rubbed the semi-hard shaft and then gave it a suck. She held it so
  Bill could see. &quot;I think that needs a bit of treatment too. Lie back on
  the settee with your arse on the arm. Claire you kneel on the floor out of
  the way.&quot; In that position Ken's pelvis was the highest part of his body
  and his prick pointed vertically to the ceiling. &quot;Hold the end Nadia.
  Keep it pulled tight so the thongs wrap themselves nicely round the shaft.&quot; Nervously
  Nadia did as she was told, knowing that the lashes could easily strike her
  fingers.  
&quot;I don't suppose you've ever seen a man have his prick whipped,&quot; Bill
  grinned evilly at his victim and went on, &quot;I've only done it a few times
  but a couple of months ago I did see a slave have his whipped to shreds. He
  raped the young daughter of his owner. They tied a cord just under the head
  and suspended him from the ceiling. All his weight was on his prick. Then they
  used a long single tail whip until it was cut to ribbons. He survived but he'll
  never use it again. The surgeon fixed it so he could piss but it would never
  get erect and it is a poor misshapen thing now. They leave it on show all the
  time so visitors know what he did.&quot; Ken and Claire were horrified but
  Bill continued, &quot;Don't worry Ken, I won't go that far with you. I'll just
  make it swell and become very tender so that when you put it in her tight cunt
  you'll both feel it. I'll treat her a little first of course to make it fair.&quot;  
Bill lashed the quirt around the base of Ken's prick eliciting a horrendous
  scream. The thongs cut into the nearby balls. Again the lash curled around
  the shaft, this time a little higher and again some of the thong ends caught
  his balls. Ken hoped he'd pass out but didn't. Gradually the whole length was
  welted and swollen and no longer hard. Nadia became more and more nervous as
  the lashes neared her hand but she held tight and kept the prick stretched
  taut. &quot;Okay Nadia, time to test your reactions. I want to slash the head
  just where you're holding. You have to judge the timing and let go just before
  the lash hits. If you hold too long I hit your fingers and then we have to
  try again. If you let go too soon and it flops before the lash reaches it,
  then we do it again after you've held out both palms to receive the lash. Understand?
  It's up to you to judge the exact time.&quot; By some miracle, she did just
  that. In some ways Bill was disappointed but was satisfied by the way the thongs
  curled excruciatingly painfully around Ken's cock head. He lay there writhing
  in agony unable to even put his hands near it. &quot;Suck it for him Nadia
  and use your teeth. Make marks but don't draw blood while I tickle his tits
  a little.&quot;  
Ken didn't think he could withstand any more pain and tried to plead forgetting
  what Claire found out earlier. Immediately the lash flayed his stomach. &quot;I
  can't stand wimps that beg. Now Claire, kneel near his head and keep his arms
  out of the way. Men's nipples are sensitive too so I like to warm them and
  make them even more sensitive. Slowly and with a delay between each stroke
  he laid ten across the man's chest until it was raw and crossed with many fines
  welts. &quot;Let's see what you've done Nadia.&quot; Bill examined the teeth
  marks and told her to nip the end a bit more. Only then was he satisfied. Ken
  hardly felt them. His body was numb.  
Claire watched with horror at the cruelty before her knowing she was powerless
  to intervene, knowing she could and probably would, receive something similar. &quot;Another
  whiskey,&quot; Bill demanded, &quot;And then we can start on the bitch. I'm
  pretty certain it was you who started the game and I'm sure glad you did. This
  is giving me the most pleasure I've had for a long time.&quot; Ten minutes
  later he ordered Claire change places with Ken. She was already sobbing and
  crying hysterically but Bill callously ignored it.  
&quot;Pull her legs back to her ears Nadia.&quot; This alone caused the swollen
  buttocks to complain but that was nothing compared to pain that fired through
  her body when the lashes were applied to her pubic mound. Five more followed,
  each one cutting into her labia, the lower part of her stomach and into her
  open cunt. Once again she passed out. That pissed Bill. &quot;Get the ammonia
  stuff,&quot; he ordered Nadia, &quot;And use it if she looks like sleeping
  when I do her tits.&quot;  
&quot;I like to be sexually impartial Claire so I'm giving your chest ten
  the same as Kenny boy. The four you had earlier are colouring up nicely so
  that will serve as a backdrop to the fresh ones. Hold her arms Nadia. Ken is
  in no condition to do anything.&quot; Twice Nadia had to use the ammonia as
  Bill whipped the tits from all directions. He delighted in the way they flopped
  around wildly. Quite unlike the firm ones that Nadia sported. &quot;Bedtime
  my dears,&quot; Bill laughed, &quot;I've one more fuck left in my cock, and
  Ken better have one left in his. Into the bedroom with them.&quot; Both victims
  could barely move and had to be helped into the spare room where they were
  arranged in the missionary position with Ken on top. &quot;I hope you can feel
  the warmth from each other now,&quot; Bill stated, &quot;And I hope it will
  bring a little life into your prick Ken.&quot; It didn't but with a little
  gentle massage from Nadia it hardened sufficiently for her to push it into
  Claire. Both wept with the pain. Claire could feel the swollen welts as Ken
  entered her.  
&quot;Keep it in,&quot; Bill ordered, &quot;And open your arsehole for me.&quot; Ken
  groaned loudly but for once Bill ignored it. Ken knew it would be worse than
  when he did Claire. Now, not only were their buttocks sore from the caning,
  but both of their chests and their sexual organs were too and these would be
  pressed together with each push of the prick. Not only that, with Bill having
  spent earlier, he would take longer to climax.  
Anticipating her master's wishes, Nadia pulled Ken's buttocks apart ready
  for the assault. It was not long in coming. Although he tried not to resist,
  it took quite a few attempts before Bill's prick was buried fully in Ken's
  arse. Then began the hard thrusts that forced the two sore and raw bodies painfully
  together. Claire passed out again but fortunately it went unnoticed. Bill was
  too concerned about his enjoyment and the thrill of dominating and torturing
  the man and woman under him. As Ken predicted it went on for a longer time
  but finally it was all over and Bill withdrew. Much to Ken's surprise Nadia
  cleaned her master.  
&quot;Claire started to moan as she came round but Ken hissed quietly in
  her ear, &quot;Lie still and keep quiet for a moment.&quot; He wondered what
  other tortures would be inflicted on them.  
Bill stood at their side. &quot;Thank you for a very enjoyable evening. It
  was a great pleasure to have you here. Nadia will show you to the toilet and
  make you comfortable until you have to return in the morning.&quot; With that
  he went into his own bedroom. Nadia he knew would join him later but for now
  he was sexually replete.  
Chapters 6 &ndash; 8 will follow shortly  
Naked at Work 6 to end   
Synopsis   
A story inspired by various Naked in School series originated, I believe,
  by Karen Wagner. The year is 2015. The government is in a monetary crisis.
  Pensions, unemployment benefits and welfare payments were bankrupting them.
  The pensions were kept but all other payments were summarily stopped. People
  who were on these benefits could volunteer to become slaves and be kept and
  fed by individuals or as part of a firm's labour force. In order to eat this
  was usually their only option. Minor criminals too were often sentenced to
  periods of slavery rather than being incarcerated in expensive to run prisons.  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF FF NC Spanking Rom  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
Naked at Work   
by obohobo  
Chapter 6. Management tries the programme   
Claire and Ken hardly made it into the works building before they collapsed
  and security had to help them to casualty. Jenny was horrified and angry. The
  first caning was bad but it had been done for a purpose. The whippings they
  had last night were done for the perverted sexual stimulation of one person.
  Immediately he arrived she took herself to David Carsons office and ignoring
  Debra went straight in and berated him roundly for allowing his staff, even
  his slaves to be treated in that way. David casually apologised and said he
  would look into the matter but Jenny was having none of that. She knew it was
  manager speak for doing nothing. Angrily grabbing his arm, she dragged him
  from his office. &quot;You're coming with me and you can see what that sadistic
  sod has done to them.&quot; A shocked Debra Jones followed. No one, not even
  the works nurse, treated the managing director that way.  
Workers in the offices they passed through, looked at Jenny in puzzlement
  as she pulled on David's hand. &quot;Take a good look David Carsons and you
  too Debra Jones, look and understand what you have done.&quot; Ken and Claire
  lay side by side on their backs and under sedation so they appeared asleep.
  Their red, swollen chests and genitals stood out clearly now Jenny had cleaned
  them. &quot;Did they really deserve this?&quot; Jenny demanded.  
&quot;No,&quot; David said quietly, &quot;No they didn't. Nor did I expect
  him to go that far. I'm sorry Jenny and I will come and say that to them personally
  when they are awake. I shall also have words with Bill Greenmore. Have their
  injuries recorded on permanent unchangeable disc so we can use it in evidence
  against him. It's his father that really owns the business and he may like
  to see what his son gets up to.&quot;  
Debra sniffed and tried to hold back her tears, &quot;Oh the poor things.
  I thought the caning was overdone, I voted for eight strokes, but now this.
  It's wrong David. Do something about it.&quot;  
&quot;First they have to get better,&quot; Jenny pointed out, &quot;Then
  we'll find out what they want.&quot;  
&quot;I'll schedule him an appointment for this afternoon, when they should
  be awake and he'll have no excuse for not coming,&quot; Debra stated firmly.  
&quot;Secretaries!&quot; David said in mock anger, &quot;They think they
  run the place. But yes, I will come later. Will they be awake about four?&quot; Jenny
  said they should be. &quot;Don't forget the pix, Jenny. They will ensure it
  can't happen again and it will give us a hold over Bill Greenmore,&quot; David
  added as they left.  
Sarah and Henry visited casualty and sat with Ken and Claire during the lunch
  break. Henry needed another painkiller so he had to see Jenny anyway. They
  found Claire and Ken awake and sitting, propped up with pillows; their bottoms
  now less painful than their fronts. Claire noticed Henry limped and walked
  very stiffly but he was in his usual cheerful good humour. &quot;Just look
  at them Sarah,&quot; he joked, &quot;They're slaves like us and yet they get
  to lie in bed all day.&quot;  
&quot;I'd much rather be able to work with you,&quot; commented Ken.  
&quot;Claire, I always thought you hankered after a big black cock but was
  it necessary to go to such extremes?&quot; Henry indicated Ken's swollen, multi-coloured
  weapon.  
&quot;I'd had enough of the white worm,&quot; Claire smiled feebly with the
  pain and thought to herself, &quot;A few days ago, I would never have thought
  of a remark like that, let alone say it to another slave.&quot;  
&quot;Do you think Ken wanted a chocolate pussy?&quot; It was Sarah's turn
  at joking.  
&quot;Well if he did he ordered wrong, That's raspberry whip.&quot;  
&quot;And if I wanted a black bottom, do I get to see yours Henry?&quot; Claire
  asked. Henry turned and lifted his tunic. &quot;My God Henry, you didn't deserve
  that. It was her fault as much as yours. She ought to get a dose of it too.&quot;  
&quot;You two didn't deserve what you got last night either,&quot; Sarah
  said seriously, &quot;But what can us slaves do about it?&quot;  
&quot;Nothing at the moment, but with luck perhaps when and if we ever get
  back to being free again&hellip;Jenny says, David promised we won't be sent
  to Bill's place again,&quot; Ken answered.  
For a little while they talked seriously about what happened before Sarah
  and Henry had to return to work.  
&quot;They're still sleeping,&quot; Debra whispered as she and David entered
  casualty but even her low voice caused Ken to open his eyes. He tried to sit
  up and in doing so pulled Claire's cuff waking her.  
&quot;Sorry Claire, I didn't mean to disturb you,&quot; he apologised.  
&quot;Well he's never done that before!&quot; thought David but he said nothing
  about it. Instead he enquired as to how they felt and what happened. &quot;I'll
  get Flagelistics to release you and I'll terminate your slavery. That's the
  least I can do.&quot;  
Ken and Claire looked at each other for a few moments, &quot;No,&quot; Claire
  said, &quot;We'll serve our time provided we're not loaned out to that pervert.
  Everyone knows about the tags and it could seem like we wormed our way out
  of it.&quot;  
&quot;I'm already dealing with Bill Greenmore,&quot; David assured them, &quot;But
  why do you want to continue? Please talk freely, as colleagues not slaves.&quot;  
There was silence for a short while before Ken answered, &quot;I think it
  has made us both better people, more tolerant to each other. We were always
  at each other's throats but now we are more likely to help each other. We have
  to.&quot;  
&quot;Before we never appreciated the slaves were people that had feelings
  or that they lived lives that were generally happier than our own. We had no
  idea how they lived apart from the fact they had rooms in the basement. None
  of the staff ever go there to see the working conditions or find out what happens
  after work finishes. Some of them have been really kind to us and helped us
  get over the caning. They laugh at us, of course, but it's not malicious.&quot; Claire
  spoke thoughtfully as if thinking about it for the first time. &quot;It seems
  likely we will not be able to be proper works slaves this week and will have
  to spend most of our time in casualty so perhaps this week shouldn't count
  as part of our punishment time?&quot;  
David and Debbie were very surprised by this suggestion and asked Ken if
  he agreed with her. It had taken him by surprise too but he thought for a few
  moments. &quot;Yes,&quot; he replied slowly, &quot;It may also give us more
  time to think about our lives and if Jack can be persuaded to just give us
  simple tasks this week that will allow us to heal but keep us occupied, I can
  agree with that.&quot;  
For a while they discussed the extension to their slavery and then the conversation
  turned to what went on after work. Debra looked a little flushed when she heard
  about the sex and the sleeping arrangements and the nakedness. Ken explained
  about the morning ablution rituals and the need for close-cropped pubic hair.
  They'd already noticed it on Ken and Claire but felt too embarrassed to ask
  about it.  
Claire went on. &quot;It wouldn't hurt for some of the other supervisors
  to have to spend some time as slaves. I don't mean, they should be caned like
  we were or loaned out or even linked like we are but they should know what
  it feels like to receive the strap and to be subservient to everyone. It would
  certainly do JJ some good.&quot;  
&quot;JJ?&quot;  
&quot;Janet Jefferson,&quot; Debra explained to David.  
&quot;Why pick on her?&quot;  
Claire explained what happened to Henry. David listened. He had no liking
  for her either. She was efficient but uncaring and cold. Her rise to supervisor
  had been at the expense of others and she'd even threatened David's position
  at one time.  
&quot;You think I ought to pair her off with another supervisor and send
  them to Jack for a fortnight?&quot; David was thinking the idea over.  
&quot;Perhaps pair her with Henry,&quot; giggled Claire and then she groaned
  as the movements hurt her tits. &quot;Perhaps his quirky humour might put a
  smile on her sour face.&quot;  
&quot;Hhhuumm! Any other pairs you'd care to name?&quot;  
&quot;What about you two?&quot; Ken indicated David and Debra, &quot;Good
  leadership should start at the top.&quot; The manager and secretary looked
  shocked but Ken went on, &quot;If you did it, no one else would dare refuse.
  Even JJ couldn't, although she'll protest very vehemently.&quot;  
&quot;How would you feel about it Debra?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;I wouldn't mind the sex bit,&quot; she giggled, &quot;But I doubt I
  would like the strap even if it isn't as bad as their caning. And there's my
  partner to think of. He might well object&hellip; and your wife.&quot;  
&quot;It wouldn't hurt them to spend a few days alone&hellip; or perhaps
  together. What's good for us, should be fine for them too.&quot; David looked
  serious. &quot;We'll go away and study the diary.&quot; Ken often wondered
  about the relationship between the MD and his secretary but from the way David
  spoke, up to now it had been platonic although it seemed that both wanted it
  otherwise and this would give them the opportunity.  
An hour later the MD's picture appeared on the screens in each office accompanied
  by the jingle that made everyone pay attention. &quot;Ladies and gentlemen.
  As you will remember, a week ago I sentenced Claire Jackson and Ken Blane to
  be punished and then to serve three weeks as slaves. They lost all their rights
  as members of staff and had to live and work with and as part of our slave
  labour force. The main difference between them and the others is the fact that
  they were and are being kept naked and as part of their punishment they were
  tagged together. Yesterday, Bill Greenmore punished them further and in a terrible
  manner. Earlier today I went and spoke with them to review the situation and
  to assess the value of the slavery side of the punishment.&quot;  
&quot;She's going to get off,&quot; Sally whispered to Rachel.  
&quot;It seems the idea has been more successful than I anticipated. They
  are bonding with each other far better now and have much more consideration
  for their fellow slaves and for others under them. They still have a further
  two weeks on what I will call 'the naked at work' programme and because of
  the extra punishment they had, they are having to stay in casualty for a week,
  therefore their naked at work time will not begin until next week. For the
  whole of this period they will live in the slaves quarters but will work at
  their usual jobs during normal office hours except they will be as ordinary
  office staff and not supervisors. Because of the tagging system, they will
  work close by each other and of course, they will continue to be naked.&quot; David
  paused, knowing this would give rise to a few remarks in the offices. &quot;At
  these times as far as work goes, they will be treated in the same way as every
  other member of the office. However, their status will still be that of a slave.
  I must emphasise this. You all should know the rules about how we treat slaves
  so even if they are personal friends of yours, remember as slaves they belong
  to Kennington Accounts. I am therefore giving supervisors authority to force
  anyone found causing annoyance or using snide remarks about they way they look
  or trying to humiliate them, to have the culprits work naked too and if necessary
  to augment it by using the strap. Staff in their offices should be aware and
  remember, Ms. Jackson and Mr. Blane probably have a far greater knowledge of
  the work, than most of you.&quot; Again David paused.  
&quot;What came out of my discussions with Ken and Claire was the emphasis
  on the great value of the bonding part of their punishment. Some of you may
  be old enough to remember the bonding courses staff were sent on twenty years
  or more ago. Courses that required some physical hardships that could only
  be overcome by team work. Claire and Ken both urged me strongly to instigate
  a period of slavery for all supervisors and senior members of staff. I was
  doubtful but when that pair actually work together they can be very persuasive
  so I am in a mind to test their theory out&hellip; personally. From five o'clock
  tonight, my secretary Debra Jones and I will test the programme. For the next
  five days we are relinquishing our positions and becoming part of the slave
  labour force. Normally I suggest the slave period would be for a fortnight,
  but unfortunately I have a business conference at the weekend and other commitments
  that I cannot cancel. I will be away overnight on Saturday but Debra will remain
  and I will return and stay in slavery until work starts on Monday. Neither
  of us will in any way be let us off from slave work until after the weekend.
  No doubt many of you will see us doing chores with the other slaves. Jack,
  the overseer has informed me that all new slaves are welcomed with ten strokes
  of the strap and we will receive those and like Ken and Claire we will be not
  allowed clothing except slave shoes or such other items as are necessary for
  bodily protection. We will be living in the slave quarters to find out exactly
  how they are run and be subject to the same rules and the same lack of privacy
  as the others. Claire said that was the worst part especially in the beginning.
  There is no where for any slave to go and be alone. Everything they do is in
  full view of the others and that includes using the toilets.&quot;  
David waited. He knew there would be a buzz in the offices. &quot;If I decide,
  Claire and Ken are right in that a period of slavery would do a lot of good
  for supervisors or others, I shall initiate it with effect from Monday. Normally
  pairs will be made slaves and usually it will be a male and female buddy pair.
  Not necessarily those who get on with each other, perhaps especially those
  who are at loggerheads like Ken and Claire were. A single person might be sent
  and then Jack will pair him or her up with one of the slaves. No prior warning
  will be given but those chosen will have an hour to communicate with their
  partner or parents etc and make any other personal arrangements. My wife and
  children have yet to be informed and Debra is only hearing of her involvement
  now so the time-scale is roughly the same for us as it will be for whoever
  is chosen. To reiterate, I will only set the programme in motion, if after
  the five days personal trial, we believe it to be worthwhile. If we find it
  is the case the next trial will be for two weeks and the first pair will be
  informed when they arrive on Monday morning. They will only be able to back
  out by leaving Kennington Accounts and finding another job. Thank you for listening.&quot;  
For a few moments there was silence but then the speculation and discussion
  began and supervisors had to order their staff back to work.  
&quot;You didn't tell me you'd decided to go through with it and I don't
  get any choice. I have to be your buddy for this experiment whether I want
  to or not. And are we to be seen as a pair at loggerheads with each other?
  If we are you'd better lock yourself in your office until the end of the afternoon,
  David Carsons.&quot; Debra tried to sound angry but when he grinned, she did
  too. &quot;You won't mind if Greg gets together with Marjorie?&quot;  
&quot;I'll have to ask her first but I don't think it will be a problem.
  She likes him and it will help if he can get the children ready for school
  and see them into the Glidemobile. As you know she leaves for work before me
  and I see them off before I come here. I'll vid her or perhaps we can link
  all four of us together that will save going through the explanations twice.&quot;  
&quot;And who's going to buddy me while you're at the conference?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, I guess someone will volunteer,&quot; David was grinning. Debra
  was attractive enough to entice any man to buddy her.  
&quot;You ready for this Debra,&quot; David asked as they walked to Jack's
  office. He gripped her hand tightly and could tell she was shaking.  
&quot;They said the first three days are the worst,&quot; Debra voice too
  was shaky, &quot;And we only have three days or at least you do. I've got the
  full weekend as well.&quot;  
Jack appeared. &quot;Come in boss, sorry now you've entered this room, I'm
  your boss. Hi Deb. You set the rules so you know what to do. Undress and put
  your clothes in these two cases. Sarah will be here in a few minutes to show
  you round and will bring you your slave shoes and leg tags. I keep the key
  until you leave. As you know the tags let security know where you are and are
  programmed so that you cannot go outside the building. Dinner is at six and
  after that we'll officially welcome you to our community. It shouldn't be too
  bad for you as neither of you are disliked by the slaves here except in the
  way most bosses are. Ken and Claire had to overcome much more than that, but
  were given some sympathy as the result of their caning. Now strip off slave
  Dave and slave Debbie.&quot; The last sentence was given in a change of tone,
  one that held the authority of a master and not as an equal.  
Jack appraised them as they stood naked waiting for Sarah. His cock hardened
  at the sight of Debra's fine breasts and her neatly trimmed pubic mound. &quot;I
  presume Ken told you about the sex part of this,&quot; Jack spoke, looking
  directly at Debra. &quot;Your bodies are available to any slave when you are
  not working&hellip;and I get first crack at the females,&quot; he added. &quot;Normally,
  as buddies, you two will sleep together but others may come and visit your
  bed as ask for your services. Sarah will explain more. Here she is.&quot;  
It took a little while for the pair to become adjusted to being naked while
  the other slaves were dressed albeit only in a scanty tunic, but the greetings
  were friendly enough. Debra voluptuous tits were much admired but she was able
  to field the ribald comments well enough and with good humour. Sarah introduced
  them as Davy and Debbie and they quickly learned to call the staff ma'am or
  sir but their fellow slaves were known only by their first or nickname.  
When Claire and Ken entered the dining room a cheer went up and Sarah went
  to help them. It was their first time they had been allowed out of casualty
  and it was clear they were having difficulty in walking. Two others brought
  their meal. David commented, &quot;It looks as if they are really part of the
  community now. I wonder if they'll want to go back to the stress of their old
  jobs.&quot;  
When the dinner things were cleared, everyone assembled in the dormitory
  for the welcome. As the slaves filed in they disrobed and stood naked. Debra
  was shaking. Never in her life had she seen so many pricks in various stages
  of arousal, nor for that matter had she seen so many exposed cunts. Never in
  her life had she been spanked and she'd no idea of how much pain the strap
  would cause. &quot;Lie face down on the bed Debbie,&quot; Jack ordered, &quot;All
  the slaves who come here get the same treatment, except for Ken and Claire
  of course, they'd already had far worse. You can cry out, but we don't expect
  you to abuse or swear at us. That will only increase the number of strokes.
  I'm going to ask for two men to hold your legs and arms but normally for a
  small punishment you would have to hold yourself still.&quot;  
Debbie blushed, knowing all eyes were on her white bottom. &quot;Crack!&quot; Jack
  laid the first stroke on with moderate force but she didn't realise it at the
  time. Debbie thought he was being merciless and howled with the pain. Rhythmically
  Jack covered her arse with the allotted ten. David worried that he'd really
  messed up, putting her in the programme but even so, his prick showed just
  how much the sight of her arse bouncing under the lash stimulated him. Sobbing
  and shaking he helped her to stand and gave her a hug and a kiss. Jack allowed
  this for a minute or two and then it was David's turn to lie on the bed. Debbie
  found herself supported by Carl's strong arm and somewhat disconcertingly,
  she could feel his hard cock touching her thigh and soon one hand found her
  breast. Looking across at the next bed she saw Ken also with an erection and
  Claire tenderly stroking the still very colourful prick. Despite her pain,
  Debbie wondered just how great the change was between those two.  
Her reverie was broken by the sound of the first stroke slapping David's
  arse and soon after the distinctive red colouring appeared. David winced with
  each succeeding stroke but managed not to yell until the eighth. He stood on
  his own at the end but he moved very stiffly. Now he wasn't sure if this was
  a good idea at all or just something Ken and Claire had done to get back at
  him. He moved across to Debra and gave her another hug. &quot;That should be
  the worst over, at least I hope it is,&quot; he whispered.  
&quot;That's the first part of our warm welcome over, slaves,&quot; Jack
  announced, &quot;The second part is to make you realise you do not own your
  body. It is available to anyone in this community, overseers and slaves. I
  always exercise my right to fuck the lady first and by tradition, her buddy
  does so second. Thereafter anyone else may do so, the ladies may wish to satisfy
  themselves with Davy if they can get him ready and the men with Debbie but
  lesbian and gay activities are allowed too. Sarah may limit the number of times
  if she feels either the man or the woman is suffering unduly. Debbie will you
  please lie on the bed again.&quot; She gave a little cry when her arse hit
  the sheet but she lay there and spread her legs as she would have done for
  Greg, her partner. This was the part she was concerned about. Could she let
  herself be fucked in public? The thought excited her and yet it also appalled
  her. Excitement tinged with apprehension.  
&quot;Pull your legs right back by your ears Debbie,&quot; Jack ordered, &quot;We
  all want a good look at your nicely trimmed hair.&quot; Debbie blushed deeply. &quot;Davy
  will be trimmed to match by this time tomorrow. Massage her for me Davy, get
  her nice and wet.&quot; He didn't have much to do, Debbie was already flowing
  but David enjoyed the feel of his hand on her mound. While this was going on,
  Jack opened his flies wide and freed his prick. &quot;Ready?&quot; he asked
  but didn't wait for an answer before thrusting in and pounding away until he
  spent. &quot;Were you told the after a fuck ritual?&quot; Jack asked. Debbie
  nodded. Her sex with Greg had always been conventional, frequent and enjoyable
  but very much the same each time. He'd occasionally tongued her but not after
  sex and she'd sucked him a few times but only tasted his semen once and then
  by accident. Now she'd learn to do it whether she liked it or not. If Claire
  was right, she have to suck the prick even after it had been in her bottom.
  Jack licking her now sensitive labia felt most enjoyable and she decided she'd
  have to introduce Greg to that. She wasn't so sure when Jack held his wilting
  sticky prick to her lips but remembered Claire's warning about the punishment
  being worse and being forced to do it anyway. She sucked.  
David took her next. &quot;He's bigger,&quot; Debbie told herself, &quot;I've
  often wondered. Now I know.&quot; Out loud she said, &quot;That's nice, David,
  do it long and slow to start with.&quot; He did but soon lust took over and
  he too pounded away and sent his semen into her waiting opening. She took his
  prick willingly in her mouth and almost had to be stopped. Five men fucked
  her before she finally curled up alongside David to get some sleep. &quot;It
  was like some obscene orgy,&quot; she said to David and he had to agree. Several
  women had attempted to get him hard again and when one finally succeeded he'd
  fucked her. All around them, other couples were fornicating without embarrassment. &quot;I
  wonder if it is like this every night or just because we're new here?&quot;  
&quot;Aren't you sore down there?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;A little, but it was enjoyable and they seemed to want to do it in
  all sorts of ways. They all laughed and made it fun too. Didn't all that rubbing
  and sucking make your prick sore? And what about your arsehole? You didn't
  expect that to be used this early on did you?  
&quot;Yeah, I'm sore too but I kinda enjoyed it like you and it is so surprising,
  how different the slaves are in here. How friendly and they already treat us
  like we're one of them.&quot;  
&quot;Which we are until Monday morning.&quot;  
Claire hobbled painfully over to see them. &quot;I hope you didn't find that
  too bad. You seemed to be enjoying yourself Debbie, Ken hopes he'll be fit
  enough to fuck you before your time here is over. Don't forget, get up straightaway
  when the bell goes. Shower, shit, do your teeth and hair as quickly as you
  can if you don't want your hands strapped by Julie. If one of the slaves suggests
  you do something before inspection, do it. They've had a lot more experience
  of what the woman overseer looks for.&quot; In the event Julie only reminded
  David to get his hair trimmed before her next inspection.  
Things went well for them but on Friday there occurred an incident that although
  it didn't involve them directly, made them more determined to put JJ on the
  programme. They had been assigned to the messages department, which meant carrying
  papers and folders from one office to another, doing copying work. As they
  passed the dining room they heard Janet's voice and saw her berating Henry
  again, they didn't know what for or why but she made him turn round and lift
  his tunic. &quot;Perhaps I should have the colour renewed a bit you miserable
  specimen,&quot; she said nastily, &quot;I have a word with your overseer.&quot;  
Henry looked very upset but said nothing. At lunch Debbie asked him about
  it. &quot;The bitch went out of her way and then said I stood in her path and
  was insolent. She just hates my guts now.&quot;  
&quot;You know why Henry?&quot; Claire asked and then went on, &quot;She's
  a lesbian and hates men. I don't know why but she hates men more than I did
  and your bowing backwards shoved your bum towards her face. She's told herself
  you did it deliberately to show you're a man. She took it as an insult. A week
  ago I might have done the same.&quot;  
Jack came over to the table. &quot;JJ wants me to give you another strapping
  Henry. I told her I would have to consult the boss when he came back to work
  as Jenny has forbidden me to hit you again for at least a week. That's not
  quite true but Jenny said she'd back me up if she were asked. I don't think
  you warranted the amount I had to give you last time. Try and keep out of her
  way. I'm putting you on cleaning in the slave rooms for the rest of the day.
  She won't go in there and it's nearly knocking off time for her.&quot;  
&quot;How would you like to be her buddy if she is assigned to the programme
  Henry?&quot; David asked when Jack left.  
&quot;No way! Who'd ever want a bitch like that for a partner.&quot; Henry
  was indignant.  
&quot;Think about it Henry. She'd be largely under your control. You'll be
  able to screw her even if she doesn't like it and she'll get into all sorts
  of trouble if she ignores what you tell her, as I'm sure she will. We'd have
  made a lot of mistakes and been at the receiving end of the strap if it hadn't
  been for Claire and Ken's advice. Think about it Henry, talk to some of the
  others, and let me know when I come back from the conference.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, but Davy and you too Deb, you were willing to go along with it.
  You've mucked in and become part of the group. Even before you came down here,
  you treated us okay and didn't go out of your way to make life difficult. She's
  quite different and will buck it all the way. It will be difficult to live
  with her if she's moaning and screaming all the time.&quot;  
&quot;Wouldn't you like to see her squirming under the strap?&quot; Ken asked. &quot;I
  know a week ago, I would have loved to have seen Claire given a bare bum hiding
  while I just stood by a watched. Things didn't work out that way but that's
  not the point.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe&hellip; I'll talk with Sarah. She's been a slave for a long while
  and has her head screwed on.&quot; Henry stood and went on his way.  
&quot;No one has said who is going to be my buddy while David is away,&quot; Debbie
  commented. &quot;Am I going to be left to fend for myself?&quot;  
&quot;I'm sure Ken wants a turn with you now that he's recovered enough to
  get a hard-on but I'm not sure I want to share for too long. I guess others
  will keep an eye on you too. You won't have to worry.&quot; She didn't. Jack
  invited her into his room for Saturday night.  
&quot;How'd it go?&quot; David asked Debra when he returned. He'd immediately
  reported to Jack and handed in his clothes and went to where she was getting
  food out on the counter ready to serve.  
&quot;Fine,&quot; she replied, &quot;Spent last night in Jack's bed and learned
  a few new techniques and I was off duty till an hour ago so Henry and Carl
  both had me. I don't know how I'll get on when I have to go back and it's just
  Greg.&quot;  
&quot;Me neither.&quot;  
&quot;I'll talk later after I done my stint here and you've done the clearing
  up. Did Jack tell you the roster for today? In any case I want you when you're
  free. I need to make the most of this chance or maybe Marjorie will consider
  swapping?&quot;  
Chapter 7. Jan's unwilling to take part   
&quot;Ms. Jefferson, Mr. Carsons wishes to see you in his office immediately,&quot; Security
  informed her when she'd pressed her thumb on the lock.  
&quot;I'll go as soon as I have my office sorted,&quot; she snapped.  
&quot;He did stress 'immediately' miss.&quot;  
&quot;So what,&quot; she thought but walked to her office, &quot;He's only
  the sitting in the chair I should be in. No doubt he's had a dirty weekend
  with that bimbo of a secretary playing at being slaves but fucking like rabbits.
  I guess they heard what Claire got up to with the other slaves.&quot;  
&quot;Security. Has Ms. Jefferson arrived yet? Who am I talking to?&quot; David
  enquired.  
&quot;Reg, sir. Yes sir, she arrived fifteen minutes ago and I gave her your
  message but she said she'd have to go to her office first. I did say you wanted
  to see her straightaway sir.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sure you did Reg. Put me through to whoever is in charge there
  this morning please.&quot;  
&quot;It's Mike sir. I'll switch the vid connection for you.&quot;  
&quot;Morning Mike. Would you please send a couple of your biggest men to
  Ms. Jefferson's office and bring her to mine. She'll probably be abusive so
  cuff her and make her journey here as public as possible.&quot;  
&quot;I doubt two will be enough for that feisty bitch&hellip; sorry woman,&quot; Mike
  commented, &quot;I hope you know what you're doing, she'll scream blue murder
  all the way. What's she done wrong? Are we arresting her?&quot;  
&quot;No, she's done nothing wrong but you'll all know why soon. I hope she
  does make a fuss. That will draw everyone's attention to her.&quot;  
&quot;You're not going to&hellip; the programme you went on&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Keep your lips sealed Mike, let others imagine its embezzlement or
  something for the moment.&quot;  
&quot;I'll go myself and bring Reg. I can put a replacement on the reception
  desk.&quot;  
Mike and Reg strode into the office suite and noisily slammed the door. All
  the staff turned and watched as they walked between the desks to Janet's office. &quot;Ms.
  Jefferson, you are to come with us.&quot; Mike said loudly enough for everyone
  to hear.  
&quot;Why? What right have you to come in here like this and disturb me at
  work? I demand an explanation.&quot; Janet's high-pitched voice carried across
  the office floor The office had become completely silent and all eyes were
  on her.  
&quot;I'm just following orders miss. I think there have been some investigations
  going on and my orders are to collect you.&quot;  
&quot;I'm going nowhere until I know what this is all about. You can't&hellip;&quot;  
Janet's words were cut short when Reg grabbed her arms and forced them behind
  her back and Mike cuffed her wrists. Janet started cursing and threatening
  but the security guards ignored them and each put a hand under her armpits
  and half-lifted, half carried her screaming and kicking from the room. They
  could have taken the lift to the next floor but instead used the longer route
  that took her passed the upper floor offices.  
&quot;Ah, Ms. Jefferson, you decided to come at last. We were expecting you
  half an hour ago,&quot; Debra remarked as security paused at her desk.  
&quot;You mean to say you had me arrested and brought here like this just
  because I didn't go to see David bloody Carsons soon enough? That's preposterous.
  I'll&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Bring her though please boys. Mr. Carsons is expecting you.&quot; Debra
  led the way and opened the door.  
&quot;Good morning Janet. I'm so glad you could come. Please have a seat,&quot; David
  greeted the irate woman. The security men lowered her in the chair. Immediately
  she tried to stand but was firmly pushed down again.  
&quot;What is the meaning of the this outrage Carsons? I'll have you put
  away for this.&quot; She continued to fume and spit abuse at David without
  waiting for an explanation until Debra took a hand towel from the washroom,
  twisted it into a string and gagged her with it.  
&quot;Janet, now that I have your attention please listen carefully. As you
  know Debbie and I spent the last few days in the slaves quarters and in doing
  so I learned a great deal about you. I found out you were undoubtedly the most
  hated person in this establishment, even more than Claire was. Claire has changed
  out of all recognition.&quot; Janet began to get an inkling of where this was
  leading and was shaking her head violently and muttering into her makeshift
  gag. &quot;Both she and Ken have benefited from their experience and are still
  in the programme but will be working together in the offices for another two
  weeks. I believe you too are a prime candidate for the programme, The reasons
  for putting them on the programme were very different and yet similar to yours.
  They caused to firm to lose a lot of money because of their behaviour, you
  haven't done that except indirectly in that your staff does not work willingly
  and they and others do their best to keep out of your way which makes them
  less efficient than they should be. You have to bully them to get things done.
  I'm not proposing to have you caned or that you are tag linked to a buddy but
  I am ordering a two-week period on the 'naked at work programme'. You gloated
  when you saw Debbie and me working naked in the dining hall, now is the time
  for you to find out what it is like for yourself. You of course do have a choice.
  Agree to take the programme or clear your desk and be escorted from the premises.
  I strongly recommend the first option although I know you will find the first
  few days very difficult; very difficult indeed.&quot;  
Tears were streaming down Janet's face but her eyes showed their anger at
  the choice she was being forced to make. &quot;Janet I know you hate me and
  men in general so when you have calmed down a little I am going to leave you
  with Debbie and ask security to wait outside. When she is ready she'll remove
  your gag and you can discuss with her what is likely to happen if you choose
  the programme. I'll give you fifteen minutes to make up your mind to agree
  or clear your desk. Don't even think of attacking Debbie, security will monitor
  the room but I will mute the sound so you can talk in private. Understand?&quot; Janet
  made no indication either way but David stood and showed her the control set
  to mute and left the room.  
&quot;I suppose you and Carsons thought this up while you were screwing like
  rabbits for the last few days. That's why you dreamed up this idea, isn't it?
  You wanted a few days whoring.&quot; Debbie didn't answer but just sat and
  waited until Janet finished trying to debase her.  
&quot;You only have eight minutes left to make up your mind Janet. I am here
  to answer any questions that will help you do that but I am not here to answer
  personal questions on my life.&quot;  
&quot;You know I cannot afford to lose this job. Getting another would be
  difficult especially one that paid as well as this. You have me trapped and
  you know it. Gwen only has a low paid job which brings in enough to keep her
  but doesn't pay much towards the rent of our apartment.&quot; She sat glaring
  for a few more minutes and then, seemingly making up her mind to ask said, &quot;Will
  I be raped by men?&quot;  
&quot;Technically no but you will probably think of it like that. You will
  be a slave and as you know, anyone in that community can have sex with any
  of the others or with those outside provided the owner agrees. To put it bluntly,
  many men will fuck you, probably several times a day. Office staff are not
  allowed to touch you without owners permission and as the owners are a firm,
  no one can give that permission.&quot;  
&quot;Will they hurt me?&quot;  
&quot;Yes. You will receive the 'welcome' as they call it on the first night,
  which is ten strokes of the strap done in front of everyone. I had it, David
  had it and you probably noticed the marks when we were on dining room duty.
  They hurt and are still tender but that was all the punishment we had because
  we co-operated and fitted in with the others. Ken and Claire gave us some tips
  on how to avoid the strap too. They had problems at first but theirs was partly
  due to the tags and the slowness of their movements due to the thrashing they
  had. You'll only have the leg tag that prevents you leaving the building and
  gives the security computer a spot check on your position.&quot;  
&quot;But I'd be fucked and raped at the welcome too.&quot;  
&quot;You'd be fucked. Almost certainly by the overseer first and then by
  whoever they decide is to be your buddy, that's the one who will try to guide
  and help you especially in the first few days. You'll sleep together. After
  those two you will be fucked by whoever feels like it. I had five men and one
  woman the first night. They did things I didn't like too much at first. One
  did it in my bottom and after each fuck, the men had to lick me clean, which
  was nice, but I had to return the favour and suck them.&quot;  
&quot;I could never do that!&quot; Janet almost yelled.  
&quot;Then you'll be strapped until you do. There are at least two lesbians
  in there. Dana, Claire's slave is still there and she still prefers women but
  she has to submit to men as well. You'll be able to ask any woman to service
  you and you can service her too.&quot;  
&quot;Will I be able to have a girl as my buddy?&quot;  
&quot;It depends on who volunteers. To put it bluntly, you are so hated by
  every slave in the community that they may have difficulty in finding a willing
  buddy for you.&quot;  
The door opened and David entered. &quot;Have you made up your mind?&quot; he
  asked.  
&quot;You know I've no bloody choice Carsons. You set me up you cunning bastard
  but I'll get my own back. They won't find me as willing to demean myself as
  you seemed to have been.&quot;  
&quot;Then I expect you'll be in a lot more pain than we were.&quot; Turning
  to the two security guards, &quot;Mike and Reg, would you mind escorting Ms.
  Jefferson to the slave overseer please.&quot; Still in cuffs, she was led to
  the basement.  
&quot;I don't know if I can face them Ken,&quot; Claire sounded worried. &quot;It's
  one thing to be naked and doing slave work but quite another to be in an office
  amongst people that were under you until a couple of weeks or so ago.&quot;  
&quot;I shall be with you and we'll be in my office next week. By then I
  expect we'll be inured to it.&quot; They held hands because the Flagelistics
  tags wouldn't be removed until they'd finished their now month long naked at
  work session.  
&quot;I wonder how JJ's getting on? Wish we could have been there to see
  her arrive, unless of course she's decided to find another job.&quot;  
&quot;I doubt that. There's not many firms around like us and I can't see
  her references appealing to many employers. She's efficient but she's lacking
  in social skills. Here we are Claire, put on a smile and brave it out.&quot; To
  their surprise a cheer went up and several of their colleagues greeted them
  cheerfully. Some commented on the painful quirt and the cane welts that still
  decorated their bodies but no one abused them.  
Shirley came from the supervisor's office. &quot;Morning Claire, Ken.&quot; After
  the usual preliminaries she went on, &quot;I'd better formally introduce you
  although everyone's seen you arrive. Ladies and gentlemen, as you can see,
  Claire and Ken have arrived. Claire is back with us and Ken is going to work
  in here with her for this week. You all know about the tagging system so if
  you have to see them please make sure neither you nor folders or anything gets
  between the two arm tags.&quot; There were nods of understanding.  
&quot;I reckon she's got guts coming in here with him, naked and still with
  showing those wicked looking welts on her tits and arse,&quot; Rachel commented
  to Sally.  
&quot;And they're smiling and holding hands. She seems to have changed a
  helluva lot. I heard she could have come off the programme after Bill Greenmore's
  whipping but she decided to see it through and even discounted last week when
  they couldn't really do any work.&quot; A look from Shirley stopped the conversation.  
&quot;Technically they are still slaves and as such they, and you, are bound
  by the slavery rules. They are the property of the firm and as you do not own
  the Kennington Accounts you are not allowed to touch, fondle or have sex with
  them. You will no doubt recall the incident when they were in this room a little
  while ago. However, now they are here to work so I'd like to get them and the
  rest of you working again. Mr. Carsons has given them a special dispensation
  to use the canteen at mid-morning and mid-afternoon breaks as it would take
  too long for the to go down to the slave room for those short breaks. You may
  be able to talk with them then. They have to use the slaves dining room for
  the midday meal so their lunch break will not be until 2 p.m. which is when
  you should all be back at work here. Now please carry on with your work and
  remember, please be polite to them and don't get between them. You can take
  that whichever way you wish.&quot; Shirley laughed with the others at her little
  double entendre.  
Claire noticed how different Shirley's technique was from her own, or at
  least her past technique. Shirley's was relaxed and laid-back. She would have
  spoken louder and given crisp orders and not permitted any talking or comment.  
Shirley turned to them, &quot;I didn't know what arrangement would suit you
  best but I've had two desks put together so you can sit opposite each other.
  I've staggered the keyboards and screens and thought that if you kept your
  tagged arms above the table, you'd be able to work with both hands free. Or
  perhaps you have a better idea?&quot;  
&quot;Not at this moment in time Shirley ma'am, thank you,&quot; Ken replied, &quot;And
  sitting opposite her will give me a chance to watch her titties wobbling.&quot;  
&quot;But I won't be able to see if they give you an erection,&quot; Claire
  replied. Shirley gasped at the comment. A few days ago, they would never even
  hinted at such things let alone laugh about them.  
&quot;Your office sent some stuff up for you Ken, but they said you may need
  to get other discs from your cabinet. They were not sure what you would actually
  need and said it may depend on what you managed to get done. Feel free to leave
  when you have to without asking. I know Claire has to accompany you so please
  try and keep the number of journeys to the minimum.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I'll do that Shirley, sorry ma'am, thank you.&quot;  
Three-quarters of an hour later, &quot;I really do need to get some of the
  old back-up discs from what was my office Claire. I can't get on any further
  without them. They've set me sorting out some of the bad debts from way back.
  It's a job I've been threatening to give one of the others for a while but
  no one seemed to have the time. Are you up to running the gauntlet?&quot;  
The reception in Ken's office was more staid but not unwelcoming. &quot;Morning
  Steve sir, you know Claire.&quot; After the brief introduction Ken found the
  box of discs but the old CD drive was missing.  
&quot;Maybe in the store?&quot; Steve suggested.  
It wasn't but when he came out, one of the girls noticed he was half-hard.
  She tittered, &quot;Can I come into the store with you next time?&quot;  
&quot;Not until my slavery is over Carol. Until then we're out of bounds
  to each other.&quot;  
&quot;And after then he's mine anyway!&quot; Claire added. This caused some
  raised eyebrows.  
&quot;Get undressed and put your clothing in this box. You won't be needing
  them again for a couple of weeks,&quot; Jack ordered.  
&quot;Look the other way then,&quot; Janet demanded, &quot;I don't want your
  ugly face leering at me.&quot;  
Jack grabbed her arm and dragged her roughly into the slave dining room where
  a group was cleaning up after breakfast. &quot;Stop work and look at JJ. She's
  embarrassed by having to take her clothes off while I watch. Perhaps it will
  be easier if everyone here watches. Strip slave JJ.&quot;  
&quot;Please don't make me do this&hellip; In fact I won't do it! You've
  no right to ask. I shouldn't be here.&quot; She stood up a defiantly looked
  at the overseer. Her reply was greeted with hoots and catcalls from the onlookers.  
&quot;Get Henry,&quot; Jack ordered. He too was laughing. In a short while
  Henry appeared. &quot;You know JJ I believe Henry?&quot; Henry smiled. He was
  going to get his revenge. &quot;JJ may I introduce you to Henry. I know you've
  come across each other a few times and you've had a good look at his arse but
  haven't been introduced socially.&quot; Jack paused he was enjoying this, &quot;JJ
  may I introduce your buddy for the coming two weeks, Henry.&quot;  
&quot;You can't mean it?&quot; Janet was horrified. Only a short while ago
  she's had him thrashed and she'd applied to have it done again. It was not
  a good start. &quot;I want a woman buddy,&quot; she stated as firmly as she
  could but again this was greeted with laughter and hoots.  
&quot;Henry, your girl buddy doesn't wish to take her clothes off in front
  of us. Would you like to do the honours?&quot; Jack had a grin that spread
  from ear to ear.  
&quot;Certainly sir. Will the others be permitted to help?&quot;  
&quot;Of course.&quot;  
Henry reached out and swiftly grabbed the front of Janet's blouse and tore
  it open. Other hands pulled at whatever clothing they could get hold of. Janet
  fought, screamed and kicked but the slaves still laughed at her efforts. It
  wasn't long before her clothes were lying in shreds and she was naked.  
&quot;Unpin her hair Rita please,&quot; Jack ordered, &quot;She looks too
  much like a boss lady with it up on top of her head.&quot; Soon Janet's dark
  hair hung to just below her shoulder line. He walked to his office and returned
  with a pair of leather cuffs. &quot;I can see why security put the steel handcuffs
  on you. These will be more comfortable if you have to wear them for longer
  periods. How long depends on your behaviour.&quot; Although she struggled and
  swore, inevitably the cuffs were fitted and her hands fastened behind her back.
  Janet stood like a caged tiger in the centre of the room. Jack walked round
  as though admiring a piece of sculpture. &quot;Nice tits, not over large but
  still firm considering her age. Cunt hair matches her head. Trimmed neatly.
  Does your girl partner do that for you?&quot;  
&quot;None of your business!&quot; The others knew Jack was only playing
  with her and would soon strike. Normally a remark like that would have seen
  a painful answer. Jack walked round commenting on her legs and feet and then, &quot;Nice
  full arse. A bit pale, needs a little colour in it. Henry would you like to
  show her what colour it should be?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir.&quot; He bent down and lifted his tunic to reveal his purple
  blotched buttocks. Janet turned away.  
&quot;That's the colour you thought Henry's should be JJ so as you're buddies
  now, perhaps we should colour co-ordinate yours with his. Look at him woman!&quot; The
  last sentence came out loudly and Janet jumped.  
&quot;No! Please no. I've done nothing wrong. I shouldn't be here. I have
  an office to run. I'm not a slave like you lot. This is only Carsons idea of
  a joke. Release me immediately and let me get back to work&hellip;&quot; She
  saw the remains of her clothing on the floor and it hit her; this was no joke.  
Even if it was a David Carsons joke, Jack and the slaves were prepared to
  go along with it. He and Deb had been good sports and had joined in with them.
  David had also promised to get some improvements that Jack had been asking
  to be done for months. Already the maintenance foreman had been down. So if
  it was a joke it was certainly on Janet.  
&quot;JJ, forget about your life upstairs for the next two weeks. Concentrate
  on surviving down here. You've already doubled your welcome for this evening.
  However, I don't want to have your arse too colourful before then so I'm going
  to ask Henry to sit on that chair and you to lie across his lap for a little
  hand spanking. Will you do that?&quot;  
&quot;Not willingly. Not in your lifetime bastard. You're only one of the
  lesser employees here.&quot;  
&quot;But one that holds the key to your body for a while.&quot; Jack spoke
  quietly and turned to Carl and Richard, &quot;Hold her across Henry's lap.&quot;  
Cuffed as she was, Janet's struggle was but a token one and within seconds
  she was in the required position. Henry stroked her white bottom and fingered
  her arsehole and cunt. &quot;Feels a bit cold and dry, sir,&quot; he remarked.  
&quot;Warm it up then Henry. Take your time and cover the whole area, then
  put some cream on the internal parts. You're quite welcome to have first shot
  at the crabby bitch. You deserve it after what she did to you. Bring her to
  my office after you've done and we'll complete the formalities and she can
  have the prescribed one hour to make her personal arrangements.&quot;  
&quot;Stop it you pervert,&quot; Janet yelled as Henry's finger probed her
  arse. &quot;Yeeoooww!&quot; Henry's hand struck with all the force he could
  muster.  
&quot;Don't tickle 'er Henry, give 'er proper hard 'uns.&quot; Carl taunted
  his friend. Henry handprinted the other bum cheek and continued to spank her
  until the whole area from the back of her thighs to the base of her spine was
  deep red in colour and Henry's hand was sore.  
&quot;You think that will do for starters Carl?&quot; Henry asked. Janet
  was crying and sobbing hysterically. &quot;My little girl is crying like a
  baby. Maybe she's had enough for now?&quot;  
&quot;I suppose so, but when you going to start the main course?&quot; All
  the slaves were smiling hugely and added their comments.  
&quot;Trouble is,&quot; Henry stated, &quot;The way she wriggled made my
  prick is so hard, and now my balls feel like they're gonna burst, I just got
  to put that cream inside her before it goes all over the place. Let's put her
  over the table.&quot; Weary from the pain and distress, Janet hardly had the
  strength to resist. Henry plunged in, surprised that there was a little moisture
  flowing in her opening. She was tight though, very tight. He commented on it
  to the others and kept up a running commentary as he plunged in as deeply as
  he could. Frequently Janet's face was as red as her arse and her tits were
  mauled as Henry used them as handles to force himself into her. &quot;I'm creaming
  now,&quot; he cried out to the audience, &quot;She's getting her first load
  of spunk for many years.&quot; Slowly he withdrew and pushed her globes apart
  enough to get his tongue to her slit. &quot;I 'spect you've had this done more
  times than you done fucking, Did you never use a dildo?&quot; Janet didn't
  answer. She was dreading what Debra had told her came next.  
It came. Henry placed his sticky prick by her face. &quot;No doubt you've
  sucked cunts, now you've to learn to suck pricks. Don't even think about biting.
  That's a cunt caning offence.&quot; She tried to keep her mouth shut but Richard
  pinched her nose. &quot;Use your tongue you stupid bitch. Ain't you got any
  idea at all how to suck cock?&quot; Still she didn't make any attempt and it
  was only after Carl hit her cunt lips hard, did she half-heartedly lick around
  the shaft.  
&quot;Give her a shower Henry and let her have a piss before you bring her
  back. I don't want her in my office in such a state.&quot; Jack sniggered at
  the crying woman. &quot;He knew that would cause even more embarrassment to
  her.  
&quot;This way JJ.&quot; Henry put his arms around her to give some support, &quot;The
  warm water will help take some of the fire away but it will get worse tonight.
  You angered Jack too much to get away with just ten whaps. It's bad when he
  doesn't show his anger. Sooner you learn to obey, the sooner you'll be free
  of pain. I still hurt even now and for three days I couldn't work and Jenny
  had to give me painkillers and put me to sleep because I was so bad.&quot;  
Although being next to a man in the shower still disgusted her, Janet was
  too sore and mentally exhausted to resist when Henry started to wash her down.
  Even when he spent extra time on her breasts and cunt, she just stood there.
  Afterwards he sat her on a toilet, which made her cry out. When Henry pissed
  in the next bowl she turned her head away but the sound made her want to go
  and shortly she too made the toilet tinkle.  
An hour later, Henry collected her from Jack's office. She now wore her leg
  tag and slave shoes but nothing else. Most of her vid call to Gwen, her partner
  had been tearful as she explained what had happened. Both women said how much
  they loved each other before Jack terminated the link. With the leg tag and
  slave shoes it was finally dawning on her, just how real a slave life she was
  going to be living.  
&quot;Take her to the cafeteria Henry. She can be on the serving line instead
  of Sarah. Ask Sarah to come to me please.&quot;  
&quot;You want me to serve too sir?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, that'll give you a chance to get to know her.&quot;  
&quot;The less he knows about me the better,&quot; thought Janet, but she
  didn't say anything. She knew that being put on the serving line was to show
  her to all her co-workers and staff. &quot;At least I get an apron for that,
  even if it only covers the bottom half of me,&quot;  
Several of her office workers did come but most just stared and gave standard
  answers concerning the food they required. One of the girls though looked concerned
  and asked how she was getting on and received an unexpected reply. &quot;You
  stupid or something Clara? Do you think I want to here serving sluts like you?
  You should&hellip;&quot;  
Before she could say any more the strong arms of Julie, the overseer on duty,
  pulled her back from the serving line and refastened her cuffs. &quot;I'm sorry
  miss,&quot; Julie apologised to Clara, &quot;This slave hasn't learned her
  place yet. I will deal with her in the back room. I would be grateful if you
  would witness it. It won't take but a few moments of your time. I'll pop your
  lunch in the oven to keep it warm.&quot;  
Bemused, Clara followed Julie as she forced Janet into the food preparation
  room. Janet turned and swore, &quot;Leave me be you bitch. I didn't&hellip;&quot; Julie
  quickly silenced the woman with a gag and then ordered two slaves who were
  stacking utensils to clear a table and when it was, she told them to lay Janet
  on it. &quot;Face up. Jack wants her arse left for tonight's welcome. You hold
  her legs Richard and Rita you keep her shoulders still.&quot; Richard stood
  between Janet's ankles and held them to his side and looked directly at her
  mound. Clara could see his erection tenting his tunic and she could feel herself
  becoming wet between her legs when Julie removed the apron to reveal her boss's
  nude and helpless body.  
&quot;Slave JJ, you must learn to accept your position here and show your
  subservience to all staff. All outbursts like that to Miss Clara will be punished.&quot; Julie
  raised her strap and brought it down hard across the helpless woman's lower
  stomach. Her scream was severely muffled by the gag. Julie laid two more stripes
  alongside the first and working their way higher up her belly. &quot;Hold her
  tight Rita, I'm going to tickle her tits now.&quot;  
&quot;Is that really necessary?&quot; asked Clara horrified and yet very
  much aroused by the sight of the hated boss being thrashed, &quot;You've already
  left some painful marks.&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes miss. This one's a feisty bitch and it will take more than a
  few stripes to train her,&quot; Julie answered as the first lash landed across
  both of Janet's breasts, flattening them, leaving a raw band marking its landing
  site. Two more followed. Janet was now howling with pain. Julie was unsympathetic.
  Clara though, felt both sorry for the woman and pleased that she at last was
  getting her comeuppance. She turned to leave so she could tell the rest of
  her work mates.  
&quot;One moment miss.&quot; Julie halted her, &quot;She hasn't apologised
  to you yet.&quot; Janet hardly heard the words until she was ordered to kneel
  in front of Clara, a junior in her office. &quot;I'm going to remove your gag
  now JJ. When I do, there is to be no abuse otherwise I will repeat the punishment.
  Understand?&quot; Janet nodded, the fire across her front and especially in
  her breasts was too great not to. &quot;Then you will apologise to Miss Clara
  for your outburst.&quot;  
&quot;I&hellip; am sorry Clara, I &hellip;&quot; Janet broke down and sobbed.  
&quot;I think that's the best we'll get for now miss. Sorry for the trouble
  you had, I'll see if I can persuade them to let you have your lunch for free
  today.&quot; When she returned she re-gagged Janet, took her back into the
  Cafeteria and stood her near the entrance. &quot;You aren't in a fit state
  to serve so you might as well stand and be part of the d&eacute;cor. Stand
  still and try and look pretty, if that's possible.&quot; Janet stood but slowly
  the warmth began of overcome her and she felt herself swaying. The next thing
  she knew she was in Henry's arms and a glass of water was at her lips. A small
  crowd stood looking on.  
&quot;Drink this JJ,&quot; Henry spoke quietly. Without thinking she took
  a few sips. &quot;Ma'am,&quot; Henry spoke to Julie, &quot;Can I take her to
  Jenny just in case she has a medical problem we don't know about?&quot; Julie,
  fearing litigation if there was an underlying cause, agreed.  
Jenny couldn't find anything really wrong and there was nothing in her records. &quot;I
  think the stress and the thrashing combined with standing still in the warm
  room and being looked at by her underlings just became too much for her Henry.
  Take her back and make sure she gets something to eat.&quot; JJ cringed when
  Jenny spoke to her through Henry as though he was a father looking after a
  young child. &quot;How's your bottom now?&quot; Jenny asked. Henry turned and
  lifted his tunic to show the nurse who examined it carefully. &quot;Still tender
  but I expect you can sit on it. I refused to allow the second hiding.&quot;  
Janet knew the nurse was winding her up and was about to reply with an explosive
  remark when Henry again supported her with one arm around her back and his
  hand cupping a tender tit. &quot;Don't,&quot; she pleaded.  
&quot;Dinnertime for us now JJ. Let's get some food buddygirl.&quot;  
Ken and Claire watched as Henry guided her in. Janet looked decidedly unhappy
  and it was obvious she'd been punished. Only a few slaves were queuing to be
  served and most of the tables were full. All eyes turned on the new woman in
  their midst. Carl had told them the story of JJ's spanking and her being fucked
  by Henry and Rita added her bit on her frontal lashing. &quot;She's going to
  have a real hard time of it,&quot; Claire remarked, &quot;She so feisty she'll
  fight everything until she's too exhausted to move.&quot;  
&quot;I suppose we'd better get back to work Claire. Don't want Shirley getting
  on to us and we wasted a bit of time talking to Rachel while she ate her sandwiches
  in the office.&quot; Ken smiled to himself as he remembered her coming to their
  desk and asking if she could sit beside them. He knew she'd picked a spot where
  she could get glimpses of his prick and as he knew she was looking he became
  aroused and erect. Claire saw it too and just remarked that he would have to
  save it for later.  
After some initial hesitation, Rachel had asked openly about their life as
  a slave. &quot;Seems to me, the best job here is one of the overseers. They
  don't have too much responsibility, they get to wallop others and get all the
  sex they want,&quot; she commented. &quot;Any jobs going down there?&quot;  
&quot;If there is, we are going to apply for them,&quot; Ken laughed.  
During the rest of the day Janet had to work with Henry and others cleaning
  the cafeteria. All knew her as the JJ bitch either from personal experience
  or from hearing of what she'd done to others and they of course knew how she'd
  had Henry thrashed. They made her do the physical work they same as they did.
  Twice when she had to lean over a table to wash it, fingers probed her cunt
  and when she stood and reprimanded them, everyone just laughed, knowing she
  was powerless to do anything. Stacking the chairs was more of a problem. She
  could only lift four while the others easily carried six. Not only that but
  the tops kept hitting her breasts. She was angry at the way the others made
  fun of her weakness and snatched at one pile of chairs and unfortunately the
  top caught her right on a welt. She dropped the pile and sat on the floor howling,
  For a few moments she suffered more ribald comments and laughter until Henry
  picked her up. &quot;Leave the chairs. Start vacuuming from that corner.&quot;  
Sarah came in while she was finishing her assigned area. &quot;I'm Sarah
  the head slave and your link between us and the overseers. I have a good relationship
  with Jack and will help you where I can.&quot;  
&quot;You mean you're his whore!&quot; Janet spoke vehemently.  
&quot;No. He usually prefers the younger ones and don't start being nasty
  with me. I can make your life even more of a hell than has to be. And you'd
  better be nice to Henry too otherwise by the end of your time here, you'll
  be in an institution. I'm told he's already helped you twice and never had
  a word of thanks.&quot;  
&quot;He's only a slave&hellip;&quot; The words were out before she could
  think.  
&quot;As are you. You are equals at this time. No, in esteem and ability
  he's far better.&quot; Sarah's voice indicated her annoyance at JJ's attitude. &quot;Now
  I'll take you on the grand tour of our quarters and tell you some of the things
  you need to know to survive here. Ignore them or fight them if you wish, but
  don't be surprised if it only ends in more pain for you.&quot; Sarah showed
  her around and told her of the routine. &quot;Tonight will be different because
  there's your welcome. Normally it is ten strokes of the strap across the arse.
  You seem to have thoroughly pissed Jack off so that will be extended by I don't
  know how many. He fucks you after followed by your buddy and anyone else.&quot; Janet
  remembered the details Debra had given her.  
Welcome time had arrived. Janet lay face down on the bed, her arms and legs
  held by other slaves. She'd pleaded, swore, cried, threatened, fought and kicked
  against it but it had made no difference. If anything it had hardened the feelings
  against her. Now all she could do was sob while Jack made his little speech
  of welcome and went through a list of misdemeanours she was to have extra for.
  Claire and Ken sat with the others watching. Janet had so far made no contact
  with them. &quot;She's going to get it bad,&quot; Claire whispered. &quot;Jack's
  smiling.&quot;  
The first stroke cracked across the unprotected arse immediately implanting
  a vivid red stripe on the pinkish hue left by Henry's spanking. Janet let out
  a tremendous howl and her body jerked so they had a little difficulty in holding
  her. &quot;He's giving it to her hard,&quot; Ken observed, &quot;Much harder
  than usual.&quot; The second stroke landed with equal force.  
&quot;She'll never take more than ten like that,&quot; Claire murmured.  
But Janet did. Fifteen strokes later and with her arse and thighs raw but
  not bleeding she passed out. &quot;I'll hold the rest in reserve for some future
  occasion,&quot; Jack told his audience. A few splashes of water brought her
  round but she wished they hadn't. In the distance she heard Jack tell her she
  would get the remainder if she misbehaved again. Her legs were swung over the
  side of the bed and her screaming rose again when Jack entered her and fucked
  hard and fast, making sure that with every thrust, his loins hit her battered
  flesh. In was over in a short while and after a cursory lick to her cunt, Jack
  offered her his prick for cleaning. Somewhat to his annoyance Rita took it
  instead but all he said was, &quot;You can come to my room later, and do it
  again.&quot;  
Henry had her for the second time that day but was a little more careful
  and tried to control the depth of his strokes, which surprised the onlookers.
  He cleaned her more thoroughly too but the pain was too great for Janet to
  become aroused. She woodenly sucked him afterwards. Carl, Richard and then
  Dana took their turn but even she failed to arouse the tormented woman.  
&quot;Do you want a turn with her Ken?&quot; enquired Claire.  
&quot;Not when you're here&hellip; and seeing Rachel's not available&hellip;&quot; Claire
  gave him a mock punch to the chest.  
Unnoticed by Janet, Henry signalled to the others that she had enough for
  now. She lay inert after the last fuck and just sobbed, her body moving only
  as each bout of pain wracked it. Henry climbed on the bed and lay beside her.
  She turned carefully and faced the other way. He turned her back and on her
  side so she faced him and pulled her close until her tits touched his chest
  and she could feel his hardening prick against her thigh. &quot;Please no more,&quot; she
  stuttered wearily.  
&quot;Listen buddygirl. As your buddy I am responsible for helping you as
  much as I can. It doesn't matter whether I like you or not and I can't pretend
  that I do. Nor does it matter if you hate my guts. I can and will help you
  now unless you start fighting me again. I'm not going to fuck you for a while
  and nor are the others. I'm going to hold you until you've calmed down a little
  more, then take you to the showers and afterwards if you're still nice to me
  maybe I can find something to ease the pain. That won't happen if you're abusive.
  Now lie still and accept what happens. I know from personal experience what
  pain you are feeling. Remember I had twice as many strokes as you had.&quot; Janet
  flinched at the thought but held her tongue.  
An hour later, after he had showered with her, Henry surreptitiously ferreted
  under the mattress and produced a pill, &quot;This is a pain killer Jenny gave
  me that I hid. Take it. It will help.&quot;  
&quot;Why can't I go and get one?&quot; Her tone was becoming more aggressive
  again.  
&quot;You didn't have that many whacks and everyone thinks you deserve them.
  Not even Jack thought I should have been thrashed like I was. You can ask Jack
  if you can go but I bet he'll refuse and you'll be in his bad books again for
  disturbing him while he's screwing Rita.&quot;  
Chapter 8. Henry promoted   
&quot;How is it working out?&quot; David asked Ken and Claire when he and
  Debra visited them in the office at lunchtime the following day.  
&quot;Reasonably well, Claire can get on with the work Shirley sets and I've
  been able to pull in quite a high proportion of the outstanding bad debts.
  Might not work out when I have the usual day-to-day accounts to do.&quot;  
&quot;We've only been pulled close twice by the tags. One time we ended up
  in a heap on the floor when Shirley accidentally came between us. The office
  almost split their sides with laughter,&quot; Claire added.  
&quot;What about Janet? How's she coping? I've asked Jack but only got a
  standard sort of remark.&quot; Debra asked.  
&quot;Not very well at the moment. She's still fighting it, if only passively.
  Henry's quietly doing what he can to protect her but too often she refuses
  to take any notice. He stopped her being fucked after the fourth one last night
  and helped her shower and gave her one of his painkillers but don't tell Jack
  that.&quot; Claire looked at David and Deb. &quot;This morning he almost dragged
  her from the bed but she still didn't make any effort to get done for inspection
  in time. I think Henry gave up and just about got himself ready. Julie awarded
  her two straps to each hand but she refused to hold her hand out and got four
  on each instead when Carl had to hold them for her. She's in a bad way and
  now seems very depressed. Her arse is one big blue bruise because Jack really
  hit her hard. It wasn't like a normal strapping. Like everyone, he hates her
  guts. Her tits and stomach are blue too but she still clinging to the belief
  that she is better than he rest of us. She's not talking to Ken or me.&quot;  
&quot;Some of the slaves are beginning to have a little sympathy for her
  now or even a little admiration for her stupidity. Sarah sent her and Henry
  to clean an empty office on floor three to keep her away from everyone else.
  321 I think. You can probably take a peek on the security cameras,&quot; Ken
  added.  
&quot;This room has already been cleaned. Is Sarah stupid or something? She
  can't even remember which rooms she's had cleaned. This slave system really
  is inefficient.&quot; Janet started her moan to Henry as soon as they arrived. &quot;She's
  made me walk up all those stairs when I can hardly move, all for nothing! Stupid
  cow!&quot;  
Henry spun and faced her. She blanched when she saw the anger in his eyes.
  Grabbing her shoulders he shook them violently. The movements sent bolts of
  pain from all the tortured centres in her body. &quot;Listen to me bitch. Sarah
  has more common sense in her little finger than you'll ever have in your pea
  sized brain. She was even being kind to you and you couldn't even give her
  credit for that. She knows that any serious work will cause you to hurt even
  more than now. Up here we will only have to do token work so that security
  won't check us out, and we are out of the way of your office staff so you won't
  have to put up with their stares and comments. Shall I take you back down and
  ask if we can be allowed to work in the cafeteria? Do you really feel like
  putting out chairs? Shall I say you wish to serve lunches or clean tables so
  the whole firm can see your bruises? Grow up woman. See a little beyond your
  nose and be grateful when some of us try and help you even if at the moment
  we are only being kicked in the teeth for it. Do you want to walk downstairs
  again? The lifts are not for slave use and I can tell you, if you haven't already
  noticed, walking downstairs with a sore arse is far more painful than walking
  up them. Now do you still want to go downstairs an tell Sarah she's a stupid
  cow?&quot;  
&quot;No,&quot; murmured Janet.  
&quot;Wait here while I fetch the stuff from the cleaners cupboard then and
  while you're waiting think about those who are trying to help get you through
  this. I shan't hurry back.&quot;  
Henry didn't hurry and when he returned the office was empty. He rushed out
  and along the corridor the only way she could have gone without him seeing
  her. Janet was at the safety balustrade looking over and down the well to the
  ground floor. &quot;Will that not be better than my life here? Only Gwen will
  mourn me. That will get back at that prick Carsons. There'll be a stink and
  the papers will get it. 'Woman forced into works slavery commits suicide' she
  composed the headline. She looked down again. It's a long way and the marble
  floor is solid. Will it hurt? No more than I do now. Leaning a little further
  she wondered if she should leap out or just let herself fall. I'll fall. I
  just have to get enough courage to let go. Yes, that's what I'll do. &quot;Nooo!&quot; she
  cried when Henry's arms encircled her body and hauled her back on the landing.  
&quot;This is more than I should have to deal with,&quot; Henry told himself, &quot;And
  Jack will only get mad. I know I shouldn't but I wonder if Debbie and Davy
  will help? Their offices are on this floor.&quot; Henry made the decision. &quot;You're
  coming with me. No nonsense JJ. I'm not being made responsible for your death.&quot;  
&quot;No! You should have let me jump.&quot; Janet clutched a rail but Henry
  freed her and put her over his shoulder.  
Debbie looked up in surprise when he knocked and entered her office. Unceremoniously
  he dumped his load in a comfortable chair. &quot;I'm very sorry Miss Debra,
  I know I shouldn't be here but I didn't know where else to go for help and
  you were near. Miss Janet was going to jump the rails. She was going to kill
  herself.&quot;  
&quot;Wait here Henry, I'll get David.&quot; She went into the inner office
  and returned to invite them in. &quot;Henry, please speak to me freely, like
  you did last week. Treat me as slave Davy and give me your thoughts and details
  of what has gone on so far. They'll be no repercussions from me for anything
  you say.&quot; David listened attentively to Henry's story while Janet kept
  sullenly silent. At the end he asked Janet if she'd like to give her side of
  it.  
&quot;Why should I? You put me in this position. You had me thrashed. It
  was all your bloody idea. Now I'm in more bloody pain than I care to live with.
  I've been raped and abused. All because of you.&quot; Some of her old fire
  came back. &quot;Either release me from this stupid programme and give me time
  off to recover or let me find my own permanent way out of it. Then you can
  explain my death to whoever decides to investigate.&quot;  
&quot;She's blaming everyone but herself sir,&quot; Henry observed. &quot;She
  ignores any help we give.&quot;  
&quot;I understand that Henry, but what are we going to do about her? That
  is the most difficult question.&quot;  
Without any warning Janet made a dash for the door but she'd only got two
  paces when Henry pulled her back. &quot;It's no good running JJ. In your state
  anyone could catch you. He sank into a mock leather armchair and pulled Janet
  on to his lap. She cried out as her tender arse hit his bony legs. Henry immediately
  lifted her and placed a cushion under her bum before lowering her gently. &quot;Sorry
  sir, I should have asked,&quot; Henry apologised but David dismissed it.  
&quot;Make yourself at home Henry, the main problem is Janet.&quot;  
&quot;I think the first thing we ought to do is reduce her pain level,&quot; Debbie
  stated. &quot;Until she's more comfortable she won't do anything she's asked.  
&quot;That's the first sensible bloody thing anyone has said so far!&quot; Janet
  yelled, &quot;But even that's not going to make me bow down to slave scum.
  I'd rather die first and probably will.&quot;  
&quot;I agree, with you Deb,&quot; David asserted, &quot;First thing is to
  get Jenny to treat her.&quot;  
&quot;Jack refused to allow it sir,&quot; Henry pointed out. &quot;I did
  give her one of my pills but that was only partially effective. Please don't
  tell Jack sir.&quot; David and Debra noticed how his hands were holding her
  close to him and that Janet was now sitting reasonably quietly on his lap.
  She looked exhausted though.  
&quot;Henry, why did you volunteer to be her buddy? I was surprised at that
  after what she did to you and what you said last week.&quot; Debra asked.  
&quot;I don't really know miss. At first I think I just wanted to make her
  life miserable but then when I got to meet her on my level, I realised she
  was miserable already. She was miserable at work and because of that no one
  liked her, no one ever did anything nice for her unless it was to get something
  in return, so I've been doing what little I could to help. For some reason,
  Jack hates her. He hates her more than I ever did. He laid the belt on real
  hard last night for her welcome and only stopped when she blacked out and took
  a long while to recover.&quot;  
&quot;Would you care to tell us why Janet?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;No!&quot; she snapped, &quot;It was a long time ago.&quot;  
&quot;He was a man from your past?&quot; Almost imperceptibly Janet nodded.  
Debra went to David and whispered something in his ear and the pair left
  the room with just a request for Henry to keep hold of Janet and not to let
  her go until they returned. The remark reminded Janet that she was being held
  and she immediately tried to free herself. &quot;Sit still Jan. You were fairly
  comfortable before, now you're hurting your arse and tits again. I'm not hurting
  you am I? You might even be getting a bit of comfort. I hope so. I'm not wanting
  you to be hurt any more.&quot;  
Wearily Janet realised he was right. Even if she got away, she couldn't do
  more than run at a snail pace and the others were in the outer office anyway.
  It was ten minutes before David and Debra returned.  
&quot;Henry, are you willing to continue with being Janet's buddy?&quot; David
  questioned.  
&quot;Yes sir.&quot;  
&quot;Janet are you willing to accept Henry as your buddy in preference to
  any of the other male slaves you've met so far?&quot;  
Janet shrugged, &quot;I suppose so, if I have to have a so called buddy.
  I asked for a woman.&quot;  
&quot;There's no other male in the community that you'd prefer?&quot;  
&quot;They're all bloody gruesome.&quot;  
&quot;Well Debbie's plan is this and it is better than any I would have thought
  of. Henry, I am promoting you to the position of Deputy Slave Overseer. You
  will still eat and sleep in the community but will not be under any orders
  from the other overseers including Jack. You will be under my direct command.
  If there's a spare room down there you can take it over; if not claim a bedspace
  as your own. You won't get paid and the firm will still own you but you will
  be only subject to my orders.&quot; Henry looked puzzled and David had to go
  through it again.  
&quot;Jack and the others won't like it,&quot; he declared.  
&quot;Oh I think I can handle them,&quot; David laughed, &quot;And they'll
  probably be pleased with the next bit.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, yeah,&quot; Janet cut in, &quot;When am I to get this bloody
  pain relief? All this talk of promoting a slave.&quot;  
&quot;The next bit concerns you Janet and the sooner I get through it the
  sooner, Henry gets to taking you to Jenny so listen carefully. Henry has only
  one slave under his control. You. He is to keep you in sight at all times.
  Never, ever must you two be parted until the end of your programme. We did
  consider linking you like Ken and Claire but thought cuffs that Henry had a
  key to would be better. In situations like at meals, you could be free but
  at night when there is a chance you could creep away and perhaps harm yourself,
  you would be cuffed. It may take a day or two to work out but it should be
  better for both of you. It will mean that Henry is the only one that can punish
  you as I am sure he will if you are offensive to others. He will be able to
  fuck you anytime he feels like it and may grant the request for others to do
  so. To you, he is your lord and master. You will report to Debbie for your
  work assignments each day. Now though, he will take you to Jenny and you will
  both stay in casualty tonight, cuffed.&quot;  
&quot;Slave overseer Henry and slave Janet reporting for duty miss.&quot; Henry
  and his slave stood just inside the door of Debra's office. They were cuffed
  and Henry now proudly wore a maroon tunic like Sarah's. A tunic that gave him
  status amongst the other slaves.  
Please sit down. I know David will want to see you when he gets back from
  seeing the maintenance people about improvements to your kitchens and to Jack's
  accommodation. Part of his agreement to your promotion.&quot; Henry immediately
  sat and pulled Janet towards his knee. For a second or two she started to stand
  but the slowly lowered herself gently. She was still somewhat under the influence
  of Jenny's sedation.  
Twenty minutes later, David returned and invited everyone into his office. &quot;Once
  again please treat me as your equal and feel able to talk freely. Please sit
  down Henry and Jan.&quot; Like yesterday, Henry chose the armchair and pulled
  Jan on to his lap. She winced as she sat down but only turned and said quietly, &quot;Cushion
  please.&quot; Debra and David glanced at each other.  
&quot;I must say, both of you look very much better today. You get a good
  nights sleep?&quot; David asked.  
&quot;Yes sir. Jenny gave us both an injection, two I think, after we were
  in bed and a few minutes later we were out of it or at least I was.&quot;  
&quot;What about you Janet?&quot;  
&quot;The same.&quot;  
&quot;I woke up about four with a full prick but Jan didn't wake until an
  hour later. We both seemed very relaxed and still do. The effects of the injection
  I suppose. Anyway I slipped my prick into her and just kept it there, gently
  moving it. Never fucked like that before. Jan even seemed to enjoy it although
  she didn't push back or anything. It took an hour for me to come.&quot; Henry
  gave a few more intimate details of his performance with her at which Janet
  blushed but kept quiet. &quot;Jenny came in a checked us over and suggested
  we try and shower. We did and found we could move much better than yesterday
  so I decided we'd get breakfast in our dining room and as I was now a deputy
  and Jan was in my charge, I thought we could miss morning inspection, so we
  did. I inspected Jan though and brushed her hair. I like it left loose like
  it is and not piled up like she used to have it.&quot;  
&quot;I do too,&quot; Debra commented, &quot;How do you feel about it Janet?
  Or do we call you Jan now?&quot;  
&quot;Call me what you wish,&quot; Janet replied dully, &quot;Having my hair
  loose takes less time so I guess it's okay.&quot;  
&quot;How did you get on with the others at breakfast?&quot; David enquired.  
&quot;Some came and congratulated me on my promotion. Only a few spoke to
  Jan. Rita did and so did Sarah but neither of us seemed to have our minds in
  gear. Jack didn't come near us. Jenny said we were to see her again tonight.
  I asked Sarah about getting a room for us but she just laughed and answered,
  as I knew she would, that she'd been trying to get one for herself for years.
  I knew that was true. Then I linked up with Jan again and we came here.&quot;  
&quot;Well at least you seem to be tolerating each other which will help
  with the work I am going to ask you to do. You didn't have any trouble with
  staff on the way up here?&quot; Debra asked.  
&quot;No miss, not really. Someone from Jan's office saw us and was upset
  to see her bruising and said she was sorry Jan had been hurt like she had but
  her friend said that Jan had deserved all she got and more. I gave Jan a hug
  and we went on our way.&quot;  
&quot;Jan don't get too upset by remarks like that,&quot; David put in, &quot;There
  are always going to be some who will hold those views. You probably would have
  said something similar last week. Maybe you did after Ken and Claire were beaten.&quot; Jan
  lowered her head but didn't reply. &quot;Well if there's nothing else, I'll
  hand you over to Debbie. I'd like to see both of you in the morning again and
  I may well pop in and see how you're getting on with the work Debbie is setting
  you.&quot;  
They returned to Debra's office. &quot;Henry, what are your computer skills
  like these days?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;I used to do the basics but that was nearly ten years ago miss.&quot;  
&quot;Jan, I know you are very familiar with them so you will have to help
  Henry and teach him enough so that when your time in the programme is up, he
  can carry on. You probably know that in the basement there is a room with all
  the old records and archives dating back from the 1980's when the firm first
  started. These are all paper records and they are taking up a lot of space
  and are a fire hazard as well as being dust traps. For some time we've been
  thinking of setting some juniors to digitally master them so the paper can
  be recycled and we'd have a searchable record of all that is in there or at
  least all that could be relevant for any future historian. Jan, Henry, I know
  this will be a strange situation for you. Jan you are Henry's slave and buddy
  and yet you have to teach him so for start you will be his boss while at work.
  Or rather while at work, you are equals. Colleagues. I've set aside what used
  to be the old copier room here. It's been a catch-all place for several years
  so it's full of unwanted stuff and general rubbish. Maintenance has provided
  a couple of wheelie bins so your first job will be to clear the room and then
  I'll get IT to set up the computer systems you need. Jan, you probably know
  more about what is required than I so, please feel free to offer advice. I
  want to get this all set up quickly to give you the maximum time to train Henry
  because if he takes to it, it could become his job after you go back to your
  office.&quot;  
The room was small and most of the rubbish consisted of empty boxes so it
  didn't take too long to clear. Henry did most of the manual work but he made
  Jan do her share. She seemed to have lost her fire and just did what she was
  told when she was told. It worried Henry a little but as it made his life easier
  he went along with it.  
Mid morning, Debra looked in. Jan was using the vacuum and the room was clear. &quot;Would
  you like coffee here?&quot; she asked when the vacuum was stilled, &quot;Or
  do you want to go to your dining room for the break? One of the perks of being
  the boss's secretary is that I get a coffee machine. I thought it might save
  you the long trip to the basement.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, please,&quot; murmured Jan. She knew the slaves only had tea.  
&quot;Henry, would you mind if I made love to Jan? I often wanted to when
  I was a true lesbian or at least I thought I was. Now I can swing either way.&quot; Claire
  asked. It was Saturday afternoon and both couples were free. Henry had solved
  the problem of not having a separate room by asking Jenny for a set of curtain
  frames from casualty. Jenny offered him the ones in store she no longer used
  and in fact there were enough for Sarah too. He claimed a bed at one end of
  the dormitory and Sarah always had the one opposite. The curtain screens gave
  them a modicum of privacy along one side of the bed.  
&quot;I don't see why not,&quot; Henry laughed, &quot;As long as Ken doesn't
  mind if I get to fuck you afterwards. Haven't seen too much of you these last
  few days.&quot;  
&quot;If you're going to have me, then I guess Ken will want Jan. We can
  have a regular swapping party.&quot;  
Jan blushed a little at the words but said nothing. Even though the effects
  of the drugs had long worn off, she'd decided in her own mind that the easiest
  way to combat everyone was to do everything she was told, make the minimum
  of response and shut her mind to everything else. Henry fucked her regularly
  and she lay there and let him do it. Only a few times did she become aroused
  enough to push back to meet his thrusts. When he'd allowed Carl and Richard
  to fuck her, she'd laid inert on the bed so they hadn't asked again. At work
  she was silent except to answer direct questions or when she had to teach Henry.
  Surprisingly, she found she liked that and he picked it up quicker than she
  anticipated. Before being on the programme she'd thought of the slaves as being
  dumb idiots but now she knew many of them were highly intelligent and were
  only slaves because of personal or financial circumstances.  
She watched as Claire climbed on the bed, Ken still cuffed to her left hand.
  Already her body started to tingle. Could she keep up the pretence of not caring
  what they did? Claire's breasts hung down as she lowered herself gently so
  they met. Jan noticed Claire's tits, like hers, still showed glaring signs
  of the punishment they'd received. Her resolve to lay quiet vanished as soon
  as Claire kissed her. The first kiss was a brief one but the next was filled
  with passion. Lips crushed together, tongues glided in and out of each other's
  mouths and teeth gently nibbled each other's lips. The men watched as the kissing
  became more prolonged and the girls thighs rubbed crotches.  
&quot;Tongue my cunt Claire please. I'll do yours,&quot; Jan whispered her
  plea. The sixty-nine arrangement caused a little havoc as Ken had to climb
  over the bed to keep his arm tag in line with Claire's but they accomplished
  it and soon each slurped noisily at vagina and clit. It wasn't long before
  both cried out their orgasm.  
&quot;You'd better go first Ken,&quot; Henry suggested, &quot;We can't do
  it together without being contortionists. Your tags do make life difficult.&quot;  
&quot;Tell us about it,&quot; quipped Claire. &quot;Thanks Jan, I enjoyed
  that.&quot;  
Jan was still on a sexual high because when Ken entered she almost immediately
  responded by pushing her hips to meet his thrusts. Ken tried to take his time
  and was able to hold off his climax for a while but inevitably he shot his
  load and had to withdraw. Jan didn't respond to his tongue like she did to
  Claire's and only passively took his prick for cleaning. Later, when Claire
  was enthusiastically taking Henry into her bottom hole, Jan just stood and
  watched without showing any emotion.  
&quot;Thanks, Henry, I hope you'll allow us to visit you again,&quot; Claire
  said as they all walked to the dining room for afternoon tea break. &quot;How
  is the history project coming along?&quot;  
&quot;Slowly. We've done one and a half boxes and there are hundreds in the
  store. It's going a bit quicker now though,&quot; Henry replied. &quot;The
  paper shredder is working overtime.&quot;  
&quot;Is he a good pupil Jan?&quot;  
&quot;Better than I expected except he's a hunt and peck typist and he has
  to look all over the keyboard to find the one he wants,&quot; Jan replied. &quot;He'd
  get quicker if I could get him on a typing skills course but there's a problem
  about them taking slaves and he cannot easily leave the building to go to college
  anyway.&quot; It was the most information she'd given out since they arrived.  
&quot;Are you thinking what I think you're thinking?&quot; Ken laughed. &quot;Rachel
  and Sally?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, they've both come back from an intensive three day course on touch
  typing. We still use it in our office as the sound recognition gets confused
  with all the background noise and a skilled typist can work just as fast with
  fewer mistakes. Maybe we could persuade David to attach them to your slave
  group for a few days. They've made enough remarks about my being naked. They're
  likeable girls really, young and with all the parts nicely formed if you know
  what I mean. They'd probably enjoy the fucking but won't take too well to the
  welcome. You wouldn't be too hard on them, would you Henry? I wouldn't want
  them to be too antagonistic to me when I get back to work properly.&quot;  
&quot;Just enough to warm them nicely and to let them know who's boss. I
  don't think I know them.&quot;  
&quot;I'll try and see if I can get word to David on Monday when we're in
  Ken's office. He may even drop by.&quot;  
&quot;I'll ask Debbie. We're with her and the boss all the time. She's as
  much in charge of this place as he is.&quot; Jan surprised them by offering
  but Claire thought that maybe it was because she'd have two more naked girls
  to pleasure her.  
Chapter 8. Typing course with a difference   
&quot;You of course know about the naked at work programme,&quot; David started.
  It was Monday afternoon and Rachel and Sally were sitting uncomfortably in
  his office. They knew something was up because no ordinary staff ever visited
  that seat of power, certainly not juniors like they were.  
&quot;Oh no!&quot; Rachel looked horrified, &quot;You're not putting us on
  it surely. You can't. Why pick us? It's Claire's doing. We've done nothing
  wrong&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Calm down Rachel and you too Sally. You are right on two counts. Yes
  I am putting you both on the programme with immediate effect. And yes, indirectly
  it is on Claire's recommendation. However, you'll only be on temporary attachment
  and only for three days provided you accomplish your task satisfactorily.&quot; David
  went on to explain the reasoning behind their attachment. &quot;As you know,
  every slave has the welcome. Ten strokes of the strap. I had it, Debbie had
  it and so did Janet although she had it bad and more. I'll make no bones about
  it, the strap hurts but unless you get into trouble for other reasons, then
  that is the only time you'll be hurt and once the pain dies down you may find
  yourself enjoying life down there. If you do then you can voluntarily extend
  your participation in the programme until Monday morning. After tonight, you
  mi&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;You're going to put us on it straightaway sir; no warning?&quot; It
  was Sally's turn to query him.  
&quot;Yes, there is less worry for you that way. You live together and don't
  have anyone you are responsible for so it might as well be today as next week
  and you won't have time to brood on it. You'll get an hour to sort yourselves
  out and let anyone know who needs to know.&quot;  
&quot;All our course material is at home,&quot; Rachel pointed out.  
&quot;Fine, I'll get security to take you there and bring you back before
  they put the ankle tags on you.&quot;  
&quot;Four of us can't work in that poky little room,&quot; Sally commented
  then wished she hadn't when David went on.  
&quot;I was going to say, after tonight when I know you will go to bed sore,
  things will get better and by the third day, you might even wish to stay there
  until Monday. I know you don't mind having a prick or two or more in you. Now
  to answer Sally. Debbie realised that too and I asked Shirley if the desks
  that Claire and Ken used were still set up. They are and you will use them
  and the computers there. Now any more questions? I don't want to hear you pleading
  that you don't want to do it. That's not an option unless it is the same one
  I gave Janet; to clear your desks and leave.&quot;  
&quot;I'll bet a tenner that you will stay for the whole week,&quot; Debbie
  said as they passed through her office on the way out.  
&quot;It's working naked in our own office that worries me most,&quot; Rachel
  answered, &quot;Specially knowing the comments they'll make.&quot;  
Debbie smiled, &quot;Think of it this way. Now you have the chance to be
  the biggest prick teasers in the firm. You can show off everything you've got,
  get them as horny as hell and because you're slaves they daren't touch you.
  Have a good time. We did.&quot;  
There was only a half-hour to go before the slave lunchtime so Henry took
  them on the tour of their quarters and stood them in a corner while he explained
  the rules to them. &quot;Well you are a real pair of beauties and I know you
  like being fucked by men so you'll get plenty of that. You've already got me
  worked up so I'm going to let Sally feel what my cock is like inside her right
  now. I'll then be ready for Rachel after your welcomes. Lie on my bed Sal and
  get your lovely legs right back by your ears.&quot; Sally was a little shocked
  to get a direct order like that so soon. &quot;Hurry up girl or you could get
  the feel of the strap too.&quot; Despite liking sex in many of its forms, Sally
  blushed deeply as she laid down in the required position conscious that other
  slaves were watching. Henry slipped off his tunic, &quot;Would you like to
  work on her bit Jan?&quot; he asked, &quot;Both of them are trimmed so there'll
  be no need for Sarah's scissors.&quot; Without answering Janet bobbed down
  and performed cunninglingous on Sally until she started to squirm. &quot;No
  need to make a meal of it,&quot; Henry grinned, &quot;You can have her later.
  Let me get my prick in her now.&quot; Reluctantly, Janet moved out of the way.  
&quot;It's you we have to thank for this,&quot; Rachel stated in mock anger, &quot;Just
  because you had to go through it doesn't mean we all should.&quot;  
&quot;You'll enjoy it.&quot; Claire remarked when they sat at her table for
  lunch.  
&quot;That's what we keep being told but not before tomorrow or sometime
  after we've been welcomed.&quot;  
&quot;I've had a bit of enjoyment already,&quot; Sally giggled.  
&quot;Yes, but you're a whore.&quot;  
&quot;Almost as bigger whore as you!&quot; Sally was laughing at her friend.
  They'd had this repartee on many occasions. Their arrival in the dining room
  had caused a stir with many admiring comments and suggestions as to who could
  serve them best.  
Work was in full swing when they arrived at Shirley's room but it stopped
  immediately the three naked women entered. One of the men started a catcall
  and others followed. Sally and Rachel thrust out their tits and wriggled their
  arses as they made their way between the desks. All work ceased and the whole
  office erupted into hilarity.  
&quot;Silence!&quot; Shirley's voice rose above the din. She turned to her
  temporarily ex staff. &quot;If you two want to give an exhibition that's fine.
  I'll ask your overseer to show how well he can stripe your backsides in front
  of everyone.&quot;  
&quot;Oh you wouldn't do that to us Shirley.&quot; Rachel said cheekily.  
&quot;First of all miss Rachel, as you are now a slave you address me as
  ma'am, secondly you are now going to find out what I will do.&quot; Turning
  to Henry she went on, &quot;Overseer Henry, please bend these two slaves over
  the front desk and give them four apiece for disrupting my office.&quot; The
  two girls went pale. They knew Henry could not disobey such an order.  
&quot;Over the table ladies. Sorry you have to learn the hard way that there
  are some things you can't get way with.&quot; He placed them so the whole office
  could see their naked backsides and made them spread their legs so the cunts
  were on display too. &quot;You wanted to put on a exhibition,&quot; Henry laughed
  quietly so only the girls heard, &quot;Now you're giving them a real show.&quot; Although
  he hit lightly, the strap still made them cry out and brought tears to Sally's
  eyes.  
&quot;Thank you Henry,&quot; Shirley nodded to him and then added, &quot;I
  know you treated them lightly for a first offence but perhaps next time you
  could put a little more zest into the action.&quot; A little later when the
  girls were out of earshot she told him that what he did was fine by her, she
  just wanted them to know she wasn't putting up with any disruption.  
The rest of the afternoon passed relatively uneventfully. Henry sat between
  his two teachers and did his best to follow their instructions and not to look
  at the keyboard. Jan was at a loss without any work so she asked Shirley if
  she could do some of the girl's work and was allowed to sit in Sally's place.
  One of the younger men tried to cop a surreptitious a feel of her still very
  tender breasts as he passed. Jan gave a little squeal and then in an icy tone
  said, &quot;Boy, you know very well that is not allowed. I am sure it will
  have been caught on camera so you may well expect to visit the slave quarters
  soon.&quot; It wasn't likely that either statement was true but the thought
  was enough to make his face turn white.  
As time went on the girls became more and more apprehensive as to the welcome
  they'd receive. During the afternoon tea break Henry said he was sorry he'd
  had to use the strap on them but he'd had no choice when Shirley had commanded
  him. The girls knew this. &quot;I did them as lightly as I dared, tonight at
  the welcome I will have to hit harder otherwise Jack might take over and then
  he could hit as hard as he did Jan.&quot; he told them.  
Jack was unhappy that his deputy had been given the two lovely young ladies.
  It wasn't often two prime beauties were forced into slavery, especially into
  works slavery. More often they were snapped up by rich individuals for their
  private use. He wanted to caress those full bums with his strap and he wouldn't
  tickle them either as it was obvious Henry had already done. He was somewhat
  mollified when Henry agreed he could be the first to fuck Sally after her welcome.
  He didn't know Henry had already had her.  
He welcomed Sally first. She wept when she was told to lie on the bed and
  her arms and legs were held. She'd heard that some women actually got off on
  pain but she wasn't one of them. &quot;Yeeooww!&quot; she howled as Henry cracked
  the first stroke firmly across her buttocks. Now she knew why everyone told
  she would hate this part. And she had nine more to come and there was no way
  she could avoid them. Hands held her immovably to the bed. Henry steadily laid
  on each stroke until her arse was well reddened. &quot;Report back to me immediately
  Jack has finished with you,&quot; he ordered as Jack took her to a nearby bed.  
In many ways it was worse for Rachel. She had to watch her friend being hurt
  all the while knowing she would get the same treatment. Henry was therefore
  a little surprised when he saw she wasn't crying and there was a little gleam
  in her eye. He remembered that when he'd strapped them earlier, she had held
  still while Sally had bucked around at every stroke. &quot;Your turn Rachel,&quot; was
  all he needed to say. Rachel lay docilely on the bed and allowed herself to
  be held without murmuring or crying.  
Not being under the watchful eye of Jack, who was occupied with Sally, Henry
  could have eased up on Rachel but he tried to be fair especially as others
  were watching. Rachel gave a few sharp cries at every stroke but otherwise
  didn't make a fuss. Dimly she heard some clapping and it was only later that
  she learned it was because she had taken it so stoically. Henry gave her a
  minute to recover and ordered her to turn over.  
Knowing from Sally at lunchtime how Henry would want to fuck her she drew
  her legs well back without being asked. Henry nodded to Jan to indicate she
  was to lubricate her but Rachel called out, &quot;Please Henry, not her, you
  do it. Fuck me.&quot; Henry quickly slid his prick into her very moist tunnel
  and wondered at the girl who thrust back at him as hard as she could. &quot;Thank
  you,&quot; she said when he pulled out and tongued the surplus semen and moisture
  from her opening.  
He offered his prick to her lips and she took it without hesitation. She
  sucked and tongued it until Henry found it getting hard again. &quot;Can you
  do it twice in a row?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;With more mouth work like this, I'll do it a hundred times!&quot; Henry
  boasted but when she released his prick it was indeed hard enough to penetrate
  her a second time. Rachel seemed to go wild and it was obvious to the onlookers
  she had several orgasms before finally and wearily Henry climaxed himself.&quot;  
&quot;Can I do her next? Richard asked.  
&quot;Can I have a drink and a shower first, please Henry. I'm parched and
  soaked with sweat and out of breath. You're soaked with sweat too.&quot; Rachel
  put on an appealing smile.  
&quot;I think you deserve it. You were a great fuck.&quot; Henry praised
  her, &quot;Let's go Richard can wait a while.&quot;  
Sally had returned and witnessed the final stages, &quot;May I join you and
  the slut Henry please?&quot;  
&quot;Sure. How'd you get on with Jack?&quot;  
&quot;He's pretty good but I don't get as wild as she does.&quot; She looked
  around and seemingly for the first time noticed that most of the beds had copulating
  couples. Rachel's performance had no doubt aroused the libido and created an
  'I can't wait' situation.  
&quot;Henry? Before you go, can I use Jan?&quot; It was Dana that spoke.
  She'd already been used but was never satisfied with any male.  
&quot;As long as you do it on the next bed so I can keep and eye on her.
  She knows why.&quot; Henry had earlier moved the bed screens and had commandeered
  two beds for him and his three slaves.  
&quot;That was one sexy bitch,&quot; Ken commented.  
&quot;And I suppose you want to try her out too?&quot; Claire grabbed his
  prick, &quot;I think it is time I put this away.&quot; She dragged him to a
  bed.  
Rachel groaned when Henry pushed her out of bed next morning and went to
  wake Jan and Sally. They were cuddled together. Henry had cuffed them in case
  Jan did decide to do herself some harm and so he could sleep with Rachel. He
  thought Jan was over the worst now but was still very introverted and he didn't
  want to take any chances. He took the cuffs off completely. &quot;Show her
  the routine and have her ready for inspection in half an hour.&quot;  
&quot;I thought we didn't have to go to inspections.&quot; Jan looked mystified.  
&quot;We do now. I shall do the inspections of my slaves.&quot;  
There was the usual pandemonium in the washroom, made worse by the new arrivals.
  Henry's slaves were last to finish. &quot;That wasn't very good. You should
  have done better Jan, you knew the routine. He inspected them thoroughly. Jan's
  arse was still extremely colourful and tender. He knew she could sit but it
  pained her although she tried to hide it. He cupped her tits. They too were
  still very sore. Jan looked at him with pleading eyes wondering what he was
  going to do.  
&quot;It's okay Jan. This is just for Jack's eyes,&quot; he whispered. &quot;You
  pass,&quot; he said loudly and went on to inspect the two new girls. Their
  arses too were colourful and tender. He poked his finger first in Sally's cunt
  and then Rachel's and asked if they were sore. Both said they were. &quot;You
  won't get accosted now until this evening because you are on work duty all
  day and meal times are free too. However, for your tardiness in getting ready
  this morning you will receive two smacks. Bend over and grip your ankles.&quot; Henry
  planted a loud sounding smack on each bum cheeks. Sally squealed but Rachel
  again remained quiet. They'd just stood ready to go to breakfast when they
  heard the crack of Julie's strap and the cry of some unfortunate man who's
  hand was on the receiving end. The strap cracked thrice more. Three more painful
  cries. The girls knew they were lucky to be in Henry's group and not the other.  
By Thursday Henry's typing skills had improved and it was now only a matter
  of practicing. &quot;Girls, you can go home this evening or you can volunteer
  to stay until Monday. You were given that choice at the beginning of the week
  by the boss. Friday is a working day so I would have to find something for
  you to do or maybe Shirley will let you work at your desks. No clothes though.
  Saturday and Sunday you will just have to work on kitchen duty but that is
  not in the main cafeteria, preparing food, serving or clearing up on a rota
  basis in the slave area. I would be expected to volunteer you for that but
  it's not arduous and there's a lot of free time which you can spend in the
  games room or playing games with other slaves. Jack's away this weekend but
  Julie's on but she can be a laugh when not doing inspections. You've got till
  afternoon break to make up your minds. That's about an hour's time. Meanwhile
  we'll clear up here and go back to the archiving room out of the way.&quot;  
&quot;You're staying for the weekend,&quot; Debra announced as they entered
  her office.  
&quot;We haven't made up our minds yet.&quot;  
&quot;Of course you have. The weekends are sex, sex and more sex. I know.&quot; Debra
  smiled at them. &quot;First though I have to see if you've done a proper job
  with Henry.&quot; She went into the archive room and picked up a printed document
  and set it in the copyholder on the front of her own computer. &quot;Type those
  two paragraphs. They're fairly long like they were in the old days&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;And shall we say two penalty smacks for each mistake girls?&quot; David
  had come from his room. &quot;And if there's a total of ten or less, you two
  give him a blowjob. Looking at the keys is one penalty point.&quot;  
Henry did very well. Four mistakes and one glance at the keyboard. &quot;That's
  nine smacks and one blowjob.&quot;  
&quot;You did very well Henry,&quot; Debbie congratulated him, &quot;I'm
  sure I'd have made more mistakes than that after only three days.&quot;  
It was with some hilarity that the two girls spanked Henry's bare bottom.
  They reddened it slightly but there was no real pain only the start of an erection.
  Rachel quickly got between his legs and started to suckle his prick and after
  a short while allowed Sally to take a turn. This they did until Henry spurted
  in Sally's mouth. Throughout all this Jan sat and looked blankly at them.  
Ken and Claire together with their two slaves Rita and Dana were allowed
  to go home mid morning on Monday. They had to wait for Flagelistics to come
  and remove their arm tags. Jenny checked them over immediately after breakfast
  and pronounced them fit although the welts from the caning still showed very
  clearly and the quirt marks were still there although now fading.  
&quot;I cannot believe,&quot; Claire exclaimed, &quot;That four weeks ago
  we were bitter enemies. Now I shall miss you when you go to your home and bed
  Rita. I'm very jealous of her.&quot;  
&quot;Why don't you move in with me?&quot; Ken suggested.  
&quot;What about Dana? And Rita too.&quot;  
&quot;We keep them. You like a bit of woman sex so some nights you can take
  her to bed and I'll sleep with Rita. Rita seems to like a bit of both so they
  can share a room when they're not wanted in our beds. Let's try if for a week
  and see how it goes.&quot;  
Henry was worried about Jan. She did everything she was told. She let him
  fuck her but her responses were still minimal. A complete contrast to Rachel.
  Jan just walked around like a zombie with a glazed, faraway look in her eyes. &quot;Miss
  Debra, is there anything you can do about Jan?&quot; Henry went on to detail
  his fears.  
&quot;I've been worried about her too and talked it over with David but he
  hasn't any ideas either. You've no ideas at all Henry?&quot;  
&quot;Not really miss. Only something Miss Rachel said. You know how Jan
  starts to come alive when she's screwing a woman? She thought it was because
  Jan felt threatened by us men and that maybe true. David put her in the scheme,
  Jack thrashed her, I and others, raped her but I think it started long before
  that otherwise she wouldn't have reacted like she did when I bent down in front
  of her and sent her flying. Rachel said it would do her good to have a couple
  of kids so I wondered if we could put her in the cr&egrave;che. There's only
  four working days left for her and she's not doing much in the archive now
  that I've more or less got the hang of things.&quot;  
&quot;You'd have to be there too Henry.&quot;  
&quot;And she'd be naked with the children but I doubt the three to five
  year olds will take much notice. Many parents go around with nothing on during
  the warmer weather now. It's for a short time and it might be worth trying.&quot;  
&quot;You'll miss her too when she returns to work?&quot;  
&quot;I guess I will. I'll be a deputy overseer with no one to oversee.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe it will not be long before the next batch are in the programme,&quot; Debra
  hinted. &quot;Go back to Jan and I'll see what I can arrange with child care.&quot;  
&quot;Come with me Jan,&quot; Henry ordered.  
They made their way to the second floor and Henry knocked at the childcare
  door. A pleasant middle aged woman greeted them. &quot;Come in, come in, come
  into the house of little horrors,&quot; she laughed in such a way Henry and
  Jan had to laugh too. &quot;Boys and girls, look at me, yes Jolyne that means
  you too dear. We have visitors who are going to play with you. This man is
  Henry and the woman is Jan. I'm sure you can remember their names. Henry and
  Jan.&quot;  
&quot;Why hasn't she any clothes on?&quot; asked a three year old boy.  
&quot;Because she was naughty and they took them away. It doesn't matter
  does it?&quot;  
&quot;Did she get a smacked botty too?&quot; a girl asked pointing at Jan's
  rear.  
&quot;Yes, Tracy, yes she did. Now she not going to be naughty again.&quot; She
  turned to Jan and Henry, &quot;You'll have to expect direct questions like
  that. Give a simple answer. They won't want the details. For now just mingle
  and talk or help them with their play or drawing. Shortly after a little boy
  hit his sister and made her cry. Jan picked the little girl up, gave her a
  cuddle, then sat and played with a doll and together, they made up a scene
  which drew others in.  
Henry was in good form too. A boy brought him a book to read and instead
  of just reading it, he acted out the story. The children loved it and sat and
  cheered as Henry improvised on the text. He kept glancing across at Jan and
  for the first time in days she had a smile and looked fairly happy. She even
  laughed at his antics. Antics that were not very different to those that caused
  her to send him for the thrashing that resulted in her being put into the programme.  
That night, cuddled in bed, Janet asked, &quot;You really enjoyed playing
  with those children, didn't you?&quot; Henry had to think for a moment, Jan
  never ever started a conversation with him.  
&quot;Very much and so did you Jan. You were happier than I've ever seen
  you. Why don't you apply for a transfer? I can't. They would never agree to
  a slave being in charge of children.&quot;  
&quot;I get good pay as a supervisor. I wouldn't mind but the rate for child
  minders is much less. I'd have to find another way to make up the money to
  pay the rent.&quot;  
&quot;Which is worth more, happiness or hassle?&quot; Jan went quiet. &quot;All
  your working life you've had to fight to keep above the others; to climb the
  ladder and where has it got you?&quot; There was no answer from Jan. Henry
  didn't expect one. After a period of silence, Henry continued, &quot;If you
  like, I'll ask miss Debbie if you can spend a couple of weeks there as a rehabilitation
  programme. Then if you think you would prefer to stay with the children you
  can make a more informed choice. What do you think?&quot;  
&quot;Sometimes I think you're sweet.&quot; She kissed his forehead. &quot;Maybe
  sometimes I would need an assistant to act a few of the stories, that is if
  you are not too occupied with new participants in the programme.  
Finis.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





