BDSM Library - Generation X: Training Excercise




Generation X: Training Excercise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Generation X story. The White Queen feels the Gen X kids need more experience with sex. She hires Mystique & co to kidnap them on the assumption and the evil mutants won't be able to resist the temptation of teenage flesh. Lots of fucking, domination, BDSM.Generation X: Training Excercise  
- Taisto V&auml;h&auml;j&auml;rki, 2004  
M settled down on her knees in front of Chamber and took his semi-erect dick
  in her hand. They were in the tool shed on the grounds of the Massachusetts
  Academy. Jonothon had his black jeans down around his ankles, and Jubilee,
  wearing only an open white shirt, was standing by his side, cleaning the sperm
  from her breasts and chin and scooping it to her mouth with her fingers. She
  was observing M.  
 The Arab girl was wearing a tight, black top leaving her midriff bare and
  stylish white pants. Jono was looking down at her more than ample cleavage
  as the touch of her fingers brought his cock into a painfully strained erection.
  Her mutant power was to be perfect in anything she tried, among other talents.
  Jubilee had ridiculed her on her inexperience with sex, and after a heated
  exchange they had decided to pit her mutant power against Jubilee's extensive
  cocksucking experience. Their test subject was Jono because a side-effect of
  his being composed of energy meant that he could get it up again and again.  
 Jubilee had taken her time, getting Jono excited by talking dirty, blowing
  him slowly and taking his spunk on her tits. She was an athletic, fit and limber
  Asian girl, very different from the curvaceous M.  
 M took Jono's cock into her mouth gingerly, touching it with her tongue.
  Jono came instantly, so fast that M was startled and the sperm flew into her
  mouth and onto her nose.  
 - BLOODY HELL! Chamber exclaimed telepathically, incapable of normal speech.
  He didn't have a mouth.  
 - Jesus, Jubilee said as M smiled triumphiantly.  
 - So, how's it going to be? Jubilee asked him. What do you prefer?  
 - WELL... Chamber started. M was cleaning the spunk from her face with a
  handkerchief and he was getting his pants back up. YOU'RE GREAT, M, BUT I PREFER
  JUBILEE.  
 - What? But I got you to climax instantly! M protested.  
 - THAT'S THE PROBLEM. I DON'T WANT TO COME INSTANTLY. I WANT TO COME AFTER
  A GOOD, LONG BLOW.  
 - Loser! Jubilee gloated. M gathered the last of Jono's sperm from her nose
  and expertly flipped it towards Jubilee, so it hit her in the left eye.  
 - Don't fuck with me, M said.  
 - Motherfucker, Jubilee replied and tried to tackle M, spreading little
  explosions left and right. Jono ducked for cover, but after a momentary scuffle
  Jubilee was lying facedown on a workbench, M sitting astride her, holding her
  face down. M's powers also included superstrength, invulnerability and flight.
  Jubilee's little bombs meant nothing to her. Fucking bitch, Jubilee groaned.  
 - Let's see how you like my instant orgasms, M said and slipped her fingers
  into Jubilee's pussy. After a moment, Jubilee's cursing turned into moaning
  and gasping, and she stopped flailing with her hands impotently, instead writhing
  in a continuous wave of pleasure. The sight was making Jono hard again.  
 - Oh God, oh God, Jubilee was moaning.  
 - OH, EXCUSE ME, M, BUT...  
 - Jump right in, M said, lifting Jubilee effortlessly to the ground. She
  put the Asian mallrat on her knees and slipped under her to lick her pussy.
  Jubilee was reeling with the mindblowing procession of orgasm, unable to put
  two thoughts together, much less do anything. M took a bit of her cunt juices
  and spread them on her asshole. Jono took the hint, undid his pants and took
  a hold of Jubilee's hips. Looking down, he saw M looking back at him from behind
  his cock. He spread Jubilee's ass cheeks and started pushing his cock in. Jubilee
  vaguely registered the sensation, but was too far gone to do anything. Her
  hands were clawing the floor and she was drooling on the crotch of M's white
  pants.  
 After a while, Jubilee's reactions to M's efforts grew smaller, and she
  guessed the Asian mutant was so exhausted, her body wouldn't respond anymore.
  Gently, M eased her way from under Jubilee, who collapsed on the floor, Jono's
  cock plopping out of her ass. He stopped to regard the new situation and realized
  that getting Jubilee on all fours for a good assfucking position would be impossible.
  She was too far gone for that.  
 - Hey, wanna clean my cock? Jono asked M, optimistically.  
 - I don't think so, she replied. I think I'll go for a swim, she continued
  and walked out of the door, leaving Jono alone with his erection and the semi-unconscious
  Jubilee. He tried to make her suck his dick clean, but she didn't respond.
  In the end, he wiped it with some rags left in the shed and propped Jubilee
  on her back on the ground, her legs over his shoulders, so he could start fucking
  her cunt. She was mumbling something, but Jono didn't really care.  
 As his climax came closer, he realized that she had fallen asleep. Moments
  later, the door to the shed opened, and Chamber assumed that M was back. Instead,
  a moment later, just as he was about to come, someone slipped a collar around
  his neck and snapped it in place.  
 Jono swung around, splaying Jubilee's legs to the side and tried to blast
  the attacker with his mutant bio-energy. Nothing happened. He found Pyro looking
  at him with a grin on his face. Jono sprung up and tried to punch him, but
  instead stumbled on the prone form of Jubilee and fell down. There was a slight
  tremor on the ground as the Blob squeezed through the shed's door. Just as
  Chamber was about to get up again, he felt a masive weight land on his back
  and suddenly he was unable to move. The Blob had stepped on him.  
 - I think this is the only one immune to the sleeping gas, Pyro said as
  he slipped Jono into handcuffs and pulled a hood over his face, blinding him.  
 - Yeah. You get that out, I'll bring the girl, the Blob said. He lifted
  his crushing weight off Jono, and Pyro hustled the young mutant up and out
  of the door. The Blob regarded the prone, naked form of Jubilee and felt a
  familiar twitch in his crotch. He lifted up the young girl, running his large
  hands over her body, approving of the tight flesh. He propped the girl against
  the workbench, ass pointing to him and took out his enormous cock, already
  hard. It looked like someone had already been fucking the teen in the ass,
  so he was spared the trouble of lubrication. Spreading her ass cheeks, he started
  to force his huge member into her tight asshole, crushing her breasts against
  the surface of the workbench. She groaned in her sleep.  
-------------------------------------------  
 Sean didn't like Arcade very much, he preferred villains with more sense.
  Still, wandering through the detritus of one of Arcade's amusement park death
  traps was intresting. He had always marveled at how compact these things could
  be. Now he was creeping along a walkway in the factory stolen from Chaplin's
  Modern Times. Thanks to some long-forgotten fight which had devastated the
  lethal gears, he could see right through into the chamber built into the machine.
  From the outside, one wouldn't think there was much room at all, but it turns
  out there's a replica of the Oval Office.  
 Banshee reckoned that if he went right through the floor of the office,
  he could bypass a lot of traps and problems, and perhaps get into the kidnapper's
  rear. Taking care to avoid being cut by the razor-sharp gears, Sean lowered
  himself between them and dropped onto the Presiden't desk. He'd returned to
  the Massachusetts Academy that morning from New York, only to find the place
  empty. Someone had broken in and gassed the whole place, abducting everyone
  except Monet, who had been at the lake, swimming. After a bit of detective
  work, it turned out that Mystique and her henchmen were responsible, and that
  they were hiding at one of Arcade's discarded psycho amusement parks.  
 Apparently Sean had come through the window, the hologram faking the appearance
  of the outside world flickering. It was night in the fantasy office too, same
  as the real world. He stepped down from the desk, and the room started making
  more sense as he was no longer standing in a crack in the semi-holographic
  environment. Apparently part of the actual room had collapsed, but the hologram
  still worked. He made a mental note to take care not to stumble anything real
  concealed by the hologram just as his eyes adjusted to the dark and he saw
  the one thing that didn't belong.  
 There was a complicated bondage rack occupying a large portion of the other
  side of the room. A gorgeous woman with a luscious, white, soft body was suspended
  in the black leather harness, hanging in the air on all fours, limbs spread,
  full, bound breasts hanging, the nipples tipped with large silver rings. Her
  head was encased in a bondage hood leaving only her mouth accessible, kept
  open by a ring gag. Sean marvelled at the light, almost pastel pink of her
  nipples. His hands ached to grope those breasts. The way she was hanging, he
  could fuck her any way he wanted, cunt, ass, mouth. She was bound efficiently;
  she might be able to move her fingers, but that was it. Her weight was on the
  straps going under her torso, below and above her breasts. Sean wanted to see
  how those nipples would look like if he put a little weight onto the silver
  rings.  
 The woman quivered and a drop of drool dropped from her open mouth. The
  power inhibitor collar Mystique had put on her made the White Queen incapable
  of controlling her telepathy. She only received, reading everyone close by.
  She had been aware of Sean's presence for some time now, and her movement in
  the harness was an involuntary reaction to how his thoughts were turning her
  on. Emma realized that it was because he didn't recognize her. She was just
  an object hanging there. She could feel Sean's dick starting to do the thinking.
  Now he saw the pail on the floor under her ass, half full of coagulating sperm
  which had dripped down from her cunt and was still plastered on her ass. Now
  he thought that perhaps she wouldn't know if he fucked her anonymously and
  came to rescue her later.  
 Had she the full control of her powers, she would have made him drop his
  pants and start pounding right now. The feeling of impotence made her even
  more horny. Pyro and Avalanche had been amusing themselves with her earlier
  and she could still feel the Blob's fat hands on her breasts as he almost suffocated
  her fucking her mouth. It had turned out that fucking her had been a long-time
  fantasy for the Blob, and she found being in his head as he fucked her strangely
  pleasureable. Still, the promise of teenage flesh proved too enticing, and
  the three had left her to fuck the Gen X girls some time ago.  
 After that, Mystique had decided to humiliate her for a bit and had the
  Gen X boys, Jonothon, Angelo and Everett come on and fuck her. Reading their
  minds, it turned out that they didn't mind too much.  
 She heard Sean open his zipper and take out his half-erect dick. He closed
  his hand around her left breast, putting his index finger through her nipple
  ring. He kneaded softly and experimentally. With his other hand he caressed
  her back, moving towards the crack of her ass. He tested her cunt and found
  it wet and sticky with sperm. He scooped a bit of her juices and fed them to
  her. She drooled out most of it since she couldn't close her mouth.  
 He went to the President's desk and started fishing for office supplies.
  He improvised two weights out of paperclips and staplers and hung them on her
  nipple rings. Her nipples stretched nicely and she shuddered again. He was
  totally erect. He moved to her front and guided his cock into her mouth. She
  caressed it with her tongue as he experimented on how deep it would go. As
  deep as he wanted, to the hilt. The White Queen had been sucking cock since
  she was fifteen.  
 Emma found Sean's thoughts moving to fantasy territory as he slowly fucked
  her face. He was imagining himself in a hot shower, with Emma kneeling in front
  of him, the water plastering her hair down, running down her cheeks and down
  between her breasts. Sean imagined he was fucking her face, gently pushing
  his cock in and drawing it out just before she would start to choke.  
 Emma found herself to be horny as hell. Sean's little fantasy really reached
  her.  
 It didn't help that she could sense the echoes of the other people in Arcade's
  discarded playhouse on the edges of her telepathic awareness. As per the plan,
  M was distracting Blob, Pyro and Avalanche. Paige was restrained and insanely
  horny. Mystique was playing with the boys and Jubilee.  
 Pushing his cock in to the hilt, Sean blocked the air holes for Emma's nose
  with his fingers, and didn't withdraw, making it impossible for her to breathe.
  Thanks to her telepathy she knew that he'd pull out just in the nick of time,
  and although her body was spasming, trying to draw breath, she didn't really
  panic. Losing herself as she grew lightheaded from the lack of oxygen, the
  boundary between her mind and Sean's begun to blur. She was fantasizing along
  with Sean of making her into a ponygirl, with the buttplug-tail, bit in her
  mouth, guided along by her nipple rings, trotting along, pulling a small chariot.  
 Sean pulled out and she gasped in air, the sudden influx of oxygen making
  her head swim as Sean started to jack off in front of her face, approaching
  climax. He came quickly, imagining Emma White Queen lingerie, kneeling before
  him submissively as he fucked her in the ass. The sperm was splayed all across
  her hooded face, adding to the secretions of others before him.  
 After taking a moment to collect himself and see that she was alright, Sean
  left, leaving Emma yearning for a fuck.  
----------------------------------  
Everett, Jonothon and Angelo were sitting on wooden boxes, each with an inscription
  saying this side up, in box letters. Their backs were against the wooden poles
  supporting the hayloft of the large, empty barn they were in, their hands tied
  around the poles. They were naked except for power inhibitor collars and leather
  starps and half mask for Jonothon, keeping his energies under wrap. The other
  two had normal ball gags. The place smelled of dry hay and the earth. It was
  dark outside and the only light was provided by a couple of lanterns.  
 - So, Jubilee. Which X-girl is your favorite?, Mystique asked the young,
  helpless mutant. Jubilee had also been collared, and was hung by her wrists
  to a rope going through a hook in the ceiling. Mystique had hoisted her high
  enough that only her toes touched the ground, just low enough that she could
  put some of her weight on her feet. The boys were still trying not to look
  at her young, shapely breasts or her carefully shaved cunt.  
 - Fuck you, Jubilee retorted and spat on Mystique's face. Raven was in her
  natural, blue form, wearing tight white vinyl pants and a tank top only barely
  keeping her huge, bouncy breasts in check. Perfect abs, a tight, fuckable ass,
  long legs. It was good to be a shapeshifter.  
 - The traditional reply, she teased Jubilee. Now I should lick your spit
  off my face, yes? She continued, taking a hold of Jubilee's waist, pressing
  close. The young girl trembled and a moan escaped her lips as Mystique's probing
  fingers found her cunt. Not wet yet? Don't you find me sexy? Mystique teased.  
 - I bet your favorite is Storm, Raven continued as she transformed into
  the Kenyan mutant, wearing little more than a white shirt, open at the front.
  I've always thought white looks good on colored skin, don't you think, she
  continued, exposing a little more of her breasts. Jubilee tried to avert her
  eyes, but she had always wanted to know what Storm's tits looked like. She
  wanted to touch. Mystique was caressing her back, moving down, nibbling slightly
  at her neck.  
 - How about Rogue? You having designs on my stepdaughter, Mystique continued,
  transforming into Rogue, wearing only a small, green bikini. Her large breasts
  pressed against Jubilee's. Would you like to attain the unattainable?  
 - Please stop, Jubilee panted as Mystique whispered into her ear. She found
  herself trying to move against the luscious body of her former teammate.  
 - Oh no. How about you boys? Enjoying the show? Mystique asked, turning
  to look at the three guys. Everett had closed his eyes. Angelo and Jonothon
  were staring and sported full erections.  
 - But what about you, Everett? she asked, moving to kneel by the boy.  
 - Fuck you!, he retorted between his teeth.  
 - Oh yes, Raven said, taking his dick into her mouth. It responded instantly,
  hardening as she moved her hand along it, licked the head, took it in, caressing
  his abdomen with her free hand. Chamber and Skin strained in their bonds, envy
  mixing with need and Jubilee's juices were flowing down her legs. How do you
  like mah style? Raven inquired. Oh yeah, you can't speak, she continued, moving
  to take off Synch's gag.  
 - Please... he stuttered, eyes still closed.  
 - What was that, she asked, whispering to his ear, her hand gently caressing
  his straining cock.  
 - Please don't stop, Everett gasped.  
 - Oh, I won't, she replied, still moving her hand along his shaft, too light
  to do anythign except make his want worse. Say, ah'll make it better for you.
  Who do you want me to be when you open your eyes?  
 - Oh God, oh God...  
 - Surely not. Ah think that might be blasphemy. She nibbled on his ear.  
 - Oh fuck, oh fuck, please...  
 - Yeah?  
 - The Black Cat.  
 - What?  
 - You know, the Black Cat. The thief. She's been in the papers and everywhere.  
 - What do you want to do with her?  
 - I wanna fuck her.  
 - How do you want to fuck her?  
 - In her face, just in her face.  
 - You can open your eyes now.  
 Everett opened his eyes gingerly. He found the Black Cat kneeling before
  him, one hand gently stroking his cock. She was wearing her black catsuit,
  fur trimmings and everything, and the little black mask.  
 - Oh fuck, he said.  
 - What do you want me to do, she asked, still stroking his cock which was
  oozing precum like crazy.  
 - Suck me, suck me please!  
 She smiled and lowered her head onto his cock, stroking it more forcefully
  with one black-gloved hand.  
 - Harder! he managed. She complied, taking him into her throat and starting
  to move up and down faster, using her throat and tongue for friction.  
 - Oh yeah, oh yeah... Everett gasped, finally getting some release. He could
  see her cleavage. He wanted to see her tits.  
 - Take off your clothes, he wheedled. She complied, morphing the clothes
  off, using her free hand to massage her breasts and touch her cunt.  
 - Suck me, you white bitch, Everett gasped. He didn't notice his friends
  looking at him in surprise. Jubilee was trying to squirm and move her legs
  against each other, but it only made her want worse.  
 - Suck me, you piece of shit whore, he exclaimed. He couldn't see Mystique's
  smile as she was licking his shaft and balls and fingering her cunt.  
 - Fucking trash, oh yeah, oh fuck you worthless cunt, oh yeah, he kept talking
  as Raven sucked him harder and harder. He started feeling the approaching peak
  of his orgasm.  
 - Fuck yeah, I wanna fuck your mouth, your ass, I'm going to smack you around,
  he grunted. Although his tirade astonished his friends, who were more used
  to the straight-up, responsible version of Synch, it made them hornier and
  hornier to see the Black Cat take it and finger herself, touch her huge, full,
  soft breasts and go down on him so that her nose touched his stomach. Synch
  was on the verge of coming, just a couple of more blows.  
 - Harder you bitch, harder, fucking shit, he yelled. He was just starting
  to come, almost there...  
 Suddenly she stopped and stood up, transforming back into her normal, clothed
  self.  
 - What the fuck? You can't stop, fuck you! Everett yelled, almost in tears.  
 - Yes I can, she said, her faces inches from his.  
 - Please, I was coming so close!  
 - Perhaps later, she replied, placing the ring gag back into his struggling
  mouth. She walked over to Jubilee, put her arm around her, caressed her thighs.
  And what about you? You want to get fucked?  
 - Fuck you, Jubilee sobbed and started to moan and buckle as Raven pushed
  a couple of fingers into her cunt.  
 - I might be able to fill you up, but you have to be a good girl. I'm going
  to take you down now, and you can help me with the boys. What do you say?  
 - Fuck you, she sobbed again.  
 - We'll see about that, Mystique said as she lowered her down to the ground.
  She quickly opened and rebound Jubilee's hands from her front to behind her
  back, before she could protest. So what now? she asked the young mutant writhing
  on the floor.  
 - Now you go down, Jubilee yelled, springing up and head-butting Mystique
  in the stomach in one move. They both fell down, and before she could realize
  what was happening, Jubilee found herself under Raven, who was kissing her
  on the mouth. She responded as the shapeshifter's vinyl clothes melted away
  and her hand moved to touch Jubilee's clit.  
 Suddenly Jubilee was lifted up and onto her knees, and she found herself
  looking at Skin's grey cock, erect and covered in lots of flabby foreskin.  
 - In you go, Mystique said to her ear, holding her upright and pushing her
  fingers into Jubilee's asshole. Jubilee still hesitated. Mystique pushed the
  young mutant's ass forward, and Jubilee's head was thrust into Skin's crotch.
  Briskly Mystique took a hold of his cock with one hand and Jubilee's head with
  the other, and pushed the cock into her gaping mouth. Holding her firmly by
  her short hair, she pushed straight to the hilt and kept it there. Jubilee
  was used to throating, but the mass of Angelo's foreskin clogged her throat
  completely. She couldn't breathe and started to gag. Mystique was masturbating
  her with her other hand, nibbling her throat, kissing her ears. Angelo made
  thrusting motions with his hips to get himself further down Jubilee's throat.
  He knew she'd been blowing everyone else except him. Jonothon, Sean and even
  Everett. He intended to get his share.  
 Jubilee was sweating and choking, the constrictions of her throat making
  it better for Angelo. Her head started to swim, but it didn't feel all bad.
  Raven's mouth felt so good on her skin, and she really could find the right
  spot with the fingers down the former valley girl's cunt. Raven started yanking
  Jubilee's head up and down on Skin's cock. The amount of skin bloking her windpipe
  and throat prevented air going in. Between her escaping consciousness and emerging
  orgasm by Mystique's expert hand she marveled at the strange sensation Skin's
  cock was creating in her throat.  
 Jubilee started cumming, harder than she had ever orgasmed before, in long
  waves of pleasure that washed over her fleeting consciousness. She lost all
  sense of place and time. It just felt so good. She was breathing again.  
 - I think Skin here would like to have some fun too, Raven whispered in
  her ear. She saw Angelo's cock in front of her face, glistening with her saliva.
  Not really thinking about anything, she took the head of his cock into her
  mouth, playing with it lazily, moving her tongue between the folds of skin,
  finally finding the cockhead, taking it in a little deeper, sucking on the
  skin. She felt like a dream.  
 - What about you, Jonothon?, Mystique asked. I hear you can cum and cum
  over and over, because you're not really flesh and blood. Let's see if that's
  true, she continued, straddling him, his cock erect between her naked legs,
  the cockhead touching her navel.  
 - You a kinky guy, Jon? she whispered into his ear, rubbing her ample breasts
  against his chest. You like piercings?  
 As Mystique leaned back, Jonothon could see silver rings piercing her dark
  violet nipples, contrasting nicely with the dark blue of her breasts. He was
  sure they were even bigger than before. The rings were quite large, an inch
  across. In his mind they associated to the metal rings on the noses of cows,
  used to pull them forward or tie them down. He really liked them. Mystique
  could tell from the way his cock moved. Even Skin was watching her, as Jubilee
  explored his dick with her mouth. She was taking it slow now.  
 - I can tell you appreciate them. Tell me, who do they suit best, me or
  the White Queen? she asked.  
 Jonothon nodded towards her.  
 - I see you like me as I am, she continued after looking him in the eye
  for a while, touching the his cockhead fleetingly. I appreciate that, she said,
  taking a hold of his cock, leaning against him, smiling contentedly, her breasts
  pressing against his torso again, moving up for a moment so that she could
  get his cock inside her. She lowered herself slowly onto it, momentarily lost
  in her fulfillment.  
 - Boy, what would I give to have you sucking and biting on my nipples now,
  she sighed. But you can't, and that's that, she said as she started to move
  up and down on his shaft, taking her time, leaning her breasts against his
  face. Want me to do more piercings? she asked, breathing down at him. He nodded,
  as well as he could. He wouldn't have minded having a mouth and a tongue to
  touch all that gorgeous tit-flesh right about now, either.  
 - Let's see... Mystique said, pushing up on his cock. One for my navel.
  One for my clit. Two for my cunt lips. A couple of studs on my eyebrows. What
  do you think? she had stopped before coming down again, her arms on his shoulders.
  He just stared.  
 - Oh yeah, tongue, so that I can better suck you off, she said, coming down
  again. Chamber felt her cunt-muscles on his cock, keeping it tight. She was
  extraordinary. Huge, firm breasts against his face. Perfect abs, a tight butt.
  He loved the weird, Gothic look her blue skin and red hair gave her. Her luminescent
  yellow eyes mader her lust seem like that of an animal. He wanted to touch
  that hair. He wanted to fuck that ass.  
 - Vinyl boots, she breathed, starting to lose her cool as her pace on his
  cock started to quicken. She was wearing thigh-high high-heel boots of black
  vinyl, so skin-tight they would have been impossible for a normal human. My
  cunt tight enough for you? she asked, rubbing herself against the black leather
  straps covering half his face and upper chest.  
 Jubilee was no longer sucking on Angelo. She was watching Mystique. Raven
  has humping up and down Jonothon's cock in a frenzy, her hands seeking for
  purchase on Chamber's shoulders, the pole behind him. Jubilee's attention was
  momentarily diverted to Mystique's black stiletto heels, which apparently didn't
  cause her any balance problems at all, despite her wild bucking.  
 - Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh fuck! Raven gasped, pushing herself over the peak,
  pushing his cock inside her as deep as possible for the last time. Her orgasm
  was gentle, and left her slumped over the prone body of the British mutant,
  absent-mindedly caressing his back and hair. She was sweating and felt more
  relaxed than she had felt in ages. She licked a bit of Jonothon's sweat from
  his brow as her breathing started to calm down. He was still rock hard, buried
  inside her cunt to the hilt.  
 - Oh, you're still hard, she observed, disengaging from him and carefully
  standing up, allowing his cock to come free of her cunt. The long shaft was
  glistening with her cunt juices and his precum. Don't worry, I won't leave
  you stranded, she said happily, kneeling before him, taking a hold of his cock
  and licking the head. She tasted her own juices. She was lost for a moment,
  watching his cock, giving it a few quick strokes with her hand before carefully
  taking the cock head in her mouth first and then his whole shaft. He was very
  close, bucking against her face to get his cock deeper into her throat. She
  went down hard and fast, allowing her throat to do most of the work, long quick
  strokes. The tongue piercing felt novel in her mouth, rubbing against the cock
  shaft. He definitely liked it when she started playing with it for a bit. She
  could tell he was closing in.  
 - I know what you want, you want to cum on my face, she said as the did
  the last couple of strokes by hand, aiming his cock at her face. He'd been
  excited for so long, and his body produced cum quite prodigiously and when
  he finally started to come, there was a lot of it. Mystique kept stroking his
  cock as long strands of white gunk flew onto her eyes, cheek, open, waiting
  mouth, hair. He kept cumming. Sperm flew onto her breasts, her brow, her nose.
  She engulfed his still orgasming cock with her mouth again, taking the last
  bursts of cum down her throat and swallowing.  
 - Wow, you're really something, she said as she touched the white stuff
  on her chest, rubbing it into her breasts and blinking to get it out of her
  eyes.  
 Chamber's eyes widened and Mystique started to turn but Jubilee was too
  fast. Before Mystique could react, she had a power inhibitor collar around
  her neck. She didn't stop her move, but instead turned around and headbutted
  Jubilee in the stomach. The Asian mutant was free of her bonds but still had
  a collar on. She staggered backwards as Mystique stood up and turned to see
  who's collar was she wearing. The way it worked, she couldn't take it off herself.
  Someone else had to do it for her.  
 Angelo. Of course. Jubilee had been playing with Angelo, had come to her
  senses and opened his collar, with her teeth, probably. But how had she gotten
  her hands free?  
 Mystique's thoughts were interrupted as Skin concentrated all of his spare
  epidermis onto his cock, creating a huge tentacle and lashed out to Mystique,
  binding her torso with his foreskin. She stumbled down but he didn't let go.
  Angelo had used to the cock-tentacle to unbind Jubilee, but she hadn't even
  taken off his gag before taking on Mystique. Angelo was a bit surprised at
  his captive. Raven struggled a little, but once it became apparent she couldn't
  get free, she just settled down to wait.  
 - Not so fucking tough now, are you? Jubilee blustered as she got her wind
  back and walked back to Mystique and Angelo. Man, that's so gross! she continued,
  looking at Angelo's distended foreskin. Got a little more cock than you bargained
  for, eh? she teased, bowing down to speak to Raven's face.  
 - Ngghgggh, Synch mumbled. He was still erect, as were the other two guys.  
 - Oh yeah, wait a moment, Jubilee said and went over to free first Angelo,
  then Jonothon and Synch last.  
 While Jubilee was untying Everett, Jon walked over to Raven.  
 - HI RAVEN, he said to her telepathically. I'M GOING TO MAKE A LITTLE EXPERIMENT.
  AS YOU KNOW, THE POWER RESTRAINER ONLY BLOCKS CONSCIOUS USE OF A POWER, NOT
  REFLEXIVE, SUBCONSIOUS USE LIKE YOUR OR WOLVERINE'S HEALING OR MY PASSIVE TELEPATHY.
  LET'S SEE IF I CAN GIVE YOU A BIT OF SUBCONSCIOUS SUGGESTION. He put his hands
  on Mystique's temples and concentrated. Her mind was impossible to read, it
  was shifting and shifting. He decided to stop analyzing and just transmit.
  Suddenly a yard-long stick morphed into existence between Raven's ankles, attached
  to both by metal chains, keeping her legs apart.  
 - SKIN; LOOSE UP, Chamber said. Angelo cautiously loosened his hold on Mystique
  and started to reel his flesh in. Her hands were cuffed together at the wrists,
  in front of her.  
 - Wow, who did that? Jubilee asked as she and Everett came to the scene.  
 - I DID, Jonothon said.  
 - Cool, Jubilee said. Mystique was on all fours on the floor. She still
  wore the thigh-high boots and all the piercings. She was trying to sit, but
  the ankle-bar caused problems.  
 - You know what? I want to fuck her, Synch said. He was still erect. The
  others looked at him, some slightly shocked, others obviously harboring similar
  thoughts. Jonothon looked at Synch for a moment and stepped over to Mystique.  
 - OKAY, GIRL. YOU HAVE TWO CHOICES. YOU CAN EITHER BE DIFFICULT, IN WHICH
  CASE I'LL MORPH YOU INTO SOMETHING UNPLEASANT. OR, YOU CAN BE OUR LITTLE FUCKBUNNY,
  AND I WON'T. NOD IF YOU WANT TO BE OUR TOY. Mystique nodded. She'd been looking
  forward to this. Right now she had Chamber's huge, erect cock right in front
  of her face. He took a hold of her red hair. OPEN UP, BITCH. She opened her
  mouth and he pushed his cock in, to her throat.  
 - What are you boys waiting for? Jubilee asked. Fuck her!  
 Thanks to Jono, Mystique was already on all fours. Just as Jono started
  to fuck her face, Synch took a hold of her hips and positioned himself behind
  her. He tried her pussy with one hand, pushing two fingers inside her, playing
  with the piercings on her clit and cunt lips. He could see her cuffed hands
  grasping at the floor even as Jono had a firm hold of her hair and kept pushing
  in. His fingers wet with Mystique's juices, Everett started probing her ass
  and lubricating his cock. After a while, he spread her ass cheeks and pushed
  his cock in. The way it went in, firm but smooth, he suspected that this was
  not the first, nor the second time she'd been fucked up the ass.  
 - You should let her do the work, Jono, Everett said.  
 - YOU THINK SO? Chamber replied. YOU UP TO IT, MYSTIQUE? he asked her, momentarily
  out of her mouth. She nodded. Chamber sat down on the floor and lied down,
  pulling Raven by the hair to his cock. I WANT TO FEEL YOUR TITS, he said telepathically
  and Mystique complied, taking his cock into her ample cleavage, while Everett
  slowly and leisurely fucked her ass.  
 Jubilee was watching Mystique on all fours, massaging Jono's cock with her
  mouth and breasts, making little noises as Synch started to push harder. The
  young mutant reacted only with a small moan as Angelo, who had moved behind
  her, started to touch her, first her arms, then her breasts, then her cunt.
  She craned her neck to kiss him, and he responded, and filled her cunt with
  his fingers and skin.  
 - You know what, Angelo? she asked as he was slowly fingerfucking her with
  his epidermis. They were still standing, nestled against each other. Her voice
  told of bliss.  
 - Mmmmm?  
 - I think Mystique wants to be fucked. I think it would be more fun if we
  tie her down, oh yeah that's good, don't stop, she moaned as he started fingering
  her ass. I think it would be more fun if we tied her down and you'd all fuck
  me on top of her.  
 - We can do that after I cum, Everett replied. Hey, Jono. Can you do that
  telepathy thing to make her ass tighter?  
 - SURE, Jono replied. COME HERE, he said to Mystique, and pulled her along,
  so that she was lying on top of him, Synch following. Her face was kissing
  distance from Chambers and her breasts rubbed against his chest. She moved
  her cuffed hands over his head so she was effectively embracing him, worried
  what was happening. Synch pushed in as Chamber took hold of her temples and
  concentrated. Mystique whimpered in surprise as she felt Synch's cock fill
  her ass as never before, and then she realized Chamber was actually making
  her tighter. The sadistic fuck!  
 - Oh yeah, now we're talking, Synch said, feeling the increased pressure
  and taking a firmer hold of Raven's hips to keep her steady. She had lost interest
  in Chamber, inching forward over him, supporting herself by her elbows on either
  side of his head. Her breasts settled around his throat and he tried to maneuver
  his cock into her pussy. Unfortunately Synch kept her ass up in the air. Chamber
  was stuck, he couldn't get his hips high enough to fuck her.  
 - HEY, JUBILEE. COME HERE AND SUCK ME.  
 - Okay, right, Jubilee replied. She went on all fours, Angelo still probing
  her cunt. She crawled between Everett's legs and found Jono's straining cock
  under Mystique's dripping pussy. There was just enough space for Jubilee's
  head. She took Jono's long cock into her mouth, and carefully slipped it down
  her throat, her head going under Mystique's hips, Everett thrusting right above.
  Angelo started to push fingers into her ass, even as his skin eveloped her
  thighs, abdomen, cunt.  
 Jubilee felt her ass filling up even as the strange movements of Angelo's
  skin in her pussy were making it difficult to concentrate on blowing Jono.
  Everett's ass-fucking became more forceful, and Mystique started to moan in
  rhythm. Jubilee found that every time Synch pushed down, he forced Raven's
  hips down, pushing her cunt onto Jubilee's hair and forcing her down on Jono.
  The Asian teenager had to pace her cock-sucking in time to Everett, and as
  he kept going faster, she found it harder and harder to breathe. Doing it through
  her nose required too much concentration, made impossible by Angelo, who seemed
  to be massaging and touching her entire body from breasts down. Her ass and
  cunt were completely filled, and she didn't even notice when Skin started buttfucking
  her after paving the way with his epidermis. Jubilee's lean, trained teenage
  body felt very different from Mystique's voluptuous, perfect form.  
-----------------------------------------  
M was having a hard time finding her way through Arcade's labyrinthine, psychotic
  amusement park. Her job was to keep Mystique's henchmen occupied while Banshee
  did all the heroics, and she had decided to use her newfound understanding
  of sex to her advantage. She really wanted to get fucked by the Blob. To make
  sure that happened, she was wearing only a black PVC bikini struggling to keep
  her firm, young, full breasts contained. She had decied to bank on cleavage
  and a toned midriff.  
 Suddenly she picked up a mental signature. She stopped in midair, inside
  a gigantic replica of a fridge complete with a gargantuan milk carton, to concentrate.
  It was Paige, and she detected her because she knew her. Paige was being insanely
  horny. M could feel Paige's restraints, the gag in her mouth, the lazy motions
  of the dildo in her cunt, the sharp sting of the whip across her breasts. she
  couldn't see anything; apparently Paige was blindfolded, and right under her.  
 M punched through the floor of the fridge, pummeling through mainenance
  corridors and erupted out of the ceiling of a large public toilet, fitted with
  blue heroin lights. A throbbing industrial beat filled the air and just as
  she came through, a piece of aluminium tore through the straps of her top,
  exposing her breasts to the trio of Blob, Avalanche and Pyro who'd been playing
  with Paige and who stopped to stare at the Arabic mutant who suddenly erupted
  into their midst. Paige had been tied to some water pipes by the urinals, hands
  outstretched. She had a dildo gag in her mouth, a blindfold, another dildo
  in her cunt, silver rings piercing her nipples, cunt lips and nose. Pyro had
  just been hanging weights from her nipples. She was writhing and M could tell
  she was so horny she would've fucked a donkey.  
 - Nice tits, Avalanche said. He was naked, and didn't look too bad, but
  he was not M's objective. She had a mobid fascination with the immense bulk
  of the Blob. He was also naked, and his immense cock was at half-mast.  
 - We're so going to rape your Latin ass, the Blob said to her gleefully.
  Pyro let go of the weights, elicting a shudder from Paige. Since she was wearing
  a power-inhibitor collar, she was unable to husk away.  
 - I'm Moroccan, M said, not bothering to cover herself. And I didn't come
  here to fight. Release my friend and I'll let you go.  
 - Okay, let's cut the crap, Pyro said. I can make that collar explode with
  a thought, he continued, pointing to Paige, so you're going to do what we ask
  you to do, and I won't kill your friend here. Understood?  
 - Understood, M replied.  
 - What? Just like that? the Blob asked, suprised.  
 - Do I have a choice? M asked.  
 - No you don't. Here's your collar, Pyro said, tossing another collar to
  her. She caught it from the air and put it on, a bit hesitantly.  
 - You know, I think she's invulnerable. That's a shame, now we can't pierce
  her, brand her or do any of the fun stuff, Avalanche said.  
 - I'm sure you'll come up with something, M said, snapping the collar into
  place.  
 - Damn straight, the Blob said, figuring something out. This bitch came
  here to be fucked, but we're not in the service industry. Let's put her up.  
 - Against the wall, Pyro said, and M went to the wall, beside Paige. Hands
  up, Pyro continued and M did as she was told. Avalanche tied her wrists surprisingly
  fast, and in the next moment she was spreadeagled over a urinal on the wall,
  wearing only her PVC panties. The power inhibitor made her incapable of using
  her superstrength, so for the moment she was stuck.  
 - I think Paige here wants to fuck, Pyro said, taking her down. The blonde
  girl was almost spasming with desire. He removed her dildo gag and she started
  to beg instantly, seeking her cunt with her hands.  
 - Please fuck me, I can't take this anymore, she moaned, still blindfolded.
  She moved from groping at her cunt to groping around, trying to find someone
  to fuck her.  
 - I think we're too spent to do that, Avalanche said, but perhaps there's
  someone out in the club who wants to try. He went to the door of the toilet
  and opened it. The music volume went up and M could see a bit of the club outside.
  It looked real, like a kinky punk/industrial place, and a couple of young guys
  wearing leather jackets walked into the toilet. Probably robots, but she sure
  couldn't tell the difference. The first one dropped his jeans and roughly pulled
  Paige's head by her ponytail to push his erect dick into her mouth as more
  guys came in, most of them young, alternative type twentysomethings.  
 Paige was in heaven. Another guy took a hold of her hips and pushed his
  cock into her ass. M could have sworn that Paige was an anal virgin, but from
  the passive telepathic impressions she was gathering, this was not the case.
  She'd been fucked up the ass a couple of times before, tied up no less, by
  Jono when they were dating. A third guy, with designer shades and a celtic
  tattoo, was under her, trying to get his dick into her pussy and throwing the
  weights still attached to her nipples out of his way. She had dicks in both
  hands and a couple of guys masturbating and shooting their loads into her back,
  her hair, her ass. Soon they flopped her around, so that she was supported
  by the men fucking her every hole, nipples stretched by the weights, back arched
  from having a cock in ther mouth and two in her ass.  
 M was getting insanely horny. Pyro was gently rubbing the front of her panties,
  and she tried to hump his hand, but he only laughed. A couple of times he explored
  under the PVC for a moment, but never came down to her immaculately shaved
  pussy. The men were forcing Paige to drink from the urinal under M while they
  slapped her breasts and fucked her ass, and Pyro scooped a bit of sperm from
  Paige's back to feed to M. She licked his fingers with a desperate yearning.  
 The pack of horny alterno-guys settled Paige down on the floor so one of
  them could fuck her breasts, pulling on the weights and her rings, baiting
  her tongue with his cock while another guy was attaching a leash to the rings
  on her cunt lips. Her hands were occupied jacking of two more guys.  
 Pyro cut off M's PVC panties. Her juices started to flow along her legs,
  and he dipped his fingers into her cunt for a taste.  
 - So, which one of us you want to fuck? he asked.  
 - The Blob, M breathed, tense from anticipation.  
 Pyro and Avalanche looked at her mouths open.  
 - Alright! the Blob said. He took a hold of her torso with both hands and
  tore her down. She was still invulnerable, so she couldn't get hurt. He groped
  at her breasts and held her against his vast bulk, looking at her beautiful,
  dark face.  
 - You wanna suck my cock? he asked.  
 - Oh yes, she replied, looking him straight in the eye. Her breasts were
  squished against his rolls of fat. She kissed him on the forehead and slipped
  down from his hold to her knees in front of him. The Blob looked obscenely
  happy.  
 - You know, all your friends I had to rape, Paige here, Jubilee and the
  White Queen of course. Although she was delectable, the Blob said.  
 - I can't imagine why, M replied, stroking his huge, enormous cock, turned
  on even more by the idea of that cock being forced into Emma Frost. The Blob
  stroked her long, straight, lustrous black hair as she kissed his cock and
  finally, with effort, took it inside her mouth. The Blob's hand on her head
  slowly but irrevocably guided his penis deeper and deeper, forcing her breath
  through her nose, until most of it was inside her throat, only a hand-length
  remaining outside. He sensed it wouldn't go any further and let go, M settling
  into a slow pace of deepthroating, letting his cock experience all the sensations
  her throat and mouth had to offer. She may not have had her mutant ability
  of perfection anymore, but she was still pretty damn talented.  
 - Why don't you tell me what you did to Emma? she said before she took his
  cock back in.  
 - Yeah, yeah, you're good, the Blob grunted, settling down on the ground,
  pulling her after him. We did a lot of things to her. My favorite was when
  Pyro there made her eat from a dogbowl and yip and bark, and if she didn't
  do it, we put on the current to the taser-dildo in her cunt. She was so cooperative,
  and I got so hot watching her eat dog food I grabbed her head amd shoved my
  cock into her mouth, all the way down. She's a really good cocksucker, maybe
  that's what you learn in those high class fancy schools she's been to as a
  teenager.  
 - Another good one was when we made her suck off all of her students, Pyro
  said. You could see the guys trying to mask their enthusiasm.  
 - Yeah, and the dinner party, where Mystique made her drink sperm, Avalanche
  said. We were all real fancy, tuxedos and all, Mystique was gorgeous in a white
  dress. Only every time Queenie made a mistake, and we just invented most of
  them since she's an upper-class bitch and knew how to behave, we made her strip.
  And instead of wine, she had sperm in the glass, with vodka. She ended up under
  the table, sucking us off naked before we got to the desert.  
 - That was really classy, the Blob said, fondling M's breasts, her enormous
  hands moving over her nubile body. I really appreciate this, X-girl, he continued.
  I always get the short end of the stick with fucking. Pyro once got Mystique
  drunk and fucked her ass while she impersonated that Chicano actress, Salma
  Hayek, and Avalanche gets all the wannabe evil fangirls, even though his image
  is wimpy.  
 - Hey! Avalanche protested.  
 - It's true, besides, who're you to complain. You fucked that chick, Marrow.
  On her good days she was kinda cute even with the bones.  
 The horde of men fucking Paige had thrown the leash over some pipes running
  in the ceiling and now Paige was hanging by the rings in her cunt, the lips
  stretched obscenely, the leash going around her wrists to take off some of
  the weight. Her head was at the men's crotch level, and she tried not to move
  to alleviate the pain, whimpering as a punk with a mohawk fucked her face and
  slapped her tits. Her blonde hair was crusted with sperm and her legs were
  spasming uselessly in the air. There was a piece of metal pipe sticking out
  of her ass.  
 - Fuck me now, M said, looking the Blob on the eyes from behind the cock
  she was stroking.  
 - Alright, the Blob replied, heaving himself up while M went on all fours
  on the floor sticky with sperm, courtesy of the men using Paige. The Blob took
  a hold of M's midriff with both hands and pushed his cock into her cunt with
  one, smooth stroke. She was so wet and so frustrated it went in easily despite
  it's enormous girth. His mounds of flat rolled over her ass as he sought the
  best position to start hammering her. She screamed in pleasure, the want finally
  being satisfied. Her long black hair was collecting up come of the sperm on
  the ground.  
 The Blob was a methodical fucker, and finally getting someone who actually
  wanted to fuck him was a treat that made him want to savor every moment. He
  groped at her breasts, made her suck his fingers, rode her hard while a knot
  of her hair in one hand. Since he'd been fucking constantly for a couple of
  days straight he knew he'd take time to come. Pyro and Avalanche took turns
  at her mouth, making her blow them. She gave lazy but happy blowjobs, made
  sloppy by her orgasms and her satisfaction.  
 After half an hour of fucking the Blob withdrew and took an aim at her asshole.
  Spreading her cheeks, he started to push in, against the resistance of her
  invulnerable body. M didn't feel pain, she just felt stretched and more full
  than she had ever before as the Blob slowly pushed the entire length of his
  cock into her bowels. Encouraged by her spastic whimpers of exctacy, he started
  pushing in and out harder, pulling her in by her breasts, his pace quickening
  as he finally approached climax.  
 M's unfocused, post-orgasmic gaze wandered to the prone form of Paige, still
  hanging from the ceiling, the weights on her nipples pulling her breasts down.
  The men fucking her finally been exhausted and had left. The Blob started to
  come, pushing his cock in as far as possible one final time. M felt the immense
  mass of his sperm bursting inside her, coming out around his cock, dribbling
  down her legs. He held himself down inside her for a long time before finally
  pulling out. She collapsed on the floor as he let go of her.  
 - Thanks, that was fucking great, the Blob said, moving over to Paige to
  clean his dick inside her mouth. You okay? he asked M:  
 - Yeah. Fuck. Yeah, M mumbled.  
 After a couple of cleansing strokes into Paige's throat the Blob cut her
  down and settled her on the ground. He undid her wrists, and she didn't seem
  to be about to move.  
 - Let's hit the kitchen, I want food, he said.  
 - Yeah, Roger that, Avalanche said. The trio walked out of the toilet and
  into the club.  
 - Ladies, stay put, Pyro said as he closed the door.  
 After they had been gone awhile, Paige crawled over to M, and with the last
  remnants of her strength, pulled M's head by the hair to her cunt. M smelled
  the cum covering Paige's pussy and started to lap it up, suck and lick her
  slowly and langurously. She didn't really have the energy to move more than
  that. Paige was stroking her black hair with one hand. The pipe was still in
  her ass.  
-------------------------------------  
After wandering in the tunnels way too long, worried about M, Sean suddenly
  heard distinct sounds of fucking. He started to run towards them along the
  maintenance corridor and burst through a double-door to find himself inside
  a barn. Jubilee was on her knees, back arched so Skin, behind her, could facefuck
  her as Synch fucked her cunt furiously. Skin was fondling her breasts. Mystique
  was hanging by her wrists from a hook and a rope in the ceiling, clad in nothing
  but vinyl boots and piercings. She was covered in sperm. Jonothon was standing
  by her, naked, fondling her cunt idly as he watched the others fuck Jubilee.
  Mystique looked deprived. Jono had an erection.  
 - OH, HELLO SEAN, he said as Banshee barged in.  
 - I see that you're not in a desperate need of rescue, Sean said, stopping
  to take in the situation. Skin looked like he was trying to push his hips into
  Jubilee's mouth as he came, and the sperm started to come out of her nose,
  sliding to her eyes and forehead.  
 - YOU WANT SOME? Chamber asked, twisting one of Mystique's nipples by the
  ring.  
 - Well, Banshee started. He'd just fucked a girl in the mouth, but his cock
  was moving again, and no wonder. Yeah, I want to fuck her.  
 - OKAY, BUT WE HAVE A RULE. YOU DON'T MAKE HER CUM. OTHERWISE, EVERYTHING
  GOES AND SHE'll GO ALONG SINCE SHE'S GOT THE COLLAR, Chamber explained, taking
  Mystique down and making her body morph off the bonds.  
 - Can you make her look like someone else? Banshee asked, undressing. Skin
  was lying on his back on the floor. Synch had turned Jubilee around and was
  fucking her in the ass. She was almost senseless from a wave of orgasms, her
  face and tits rubbing the floor.  
 - SURE, AND YOU, DON'T GET ANY IDEAS, he said, yanking down on Mystique's
  nipples hard enough to force her down on her knees. She didn't yelp, just gasped
  for air.  
 - Okay, I'd like to fuck Theresa, you know my daughter?  
 - SURE I KNOW HER, AND RAVEN HERE KNOWS HER TOO SO IT'S NOT TOO DIFFICULT.  
 - Good. But keep the boots and the piercings. And tell her to act the part,
  Sean said, his cock already erect from the prospect of fulfilling his incestuous
  dreams.  
 Mystique looked up to Sean, licked her lips and morphed. Sean's cock felt
  like it was going to assault her on its own if Banshee didn't. On front of
  him was a teenage Irish beauty, all freckles, reddish orange hair, fresh features,
  full, young breasts and touched with bay fat and aching to be touched, capped
  by puffy nipples adorned with the large rings. She only wore the black vinyl
  boots.  
 - Father! You look stressed. Is there something I can do for you? she said,
  standing up and moving close to him, all in apparent innocence. Her nipple
  rings almost brushed Sean's chest as she laid her hands on his shoulders and
  looked him in the eyes. Jono was watching the sitution from the sidelies and
  slowly starting to jack off.  
 - Oh yeah, darling, oh yeah, Banshee said, kicking his pants off his feet.
  Mystique/Theresa's hand brushed against his erection. She didn't seem to notice.  
 - You know, I never knew you as a father when I was growing up, so I think
  I would like to get to know you better, catch up... she whispered into his
  ear.  
 - You can get to know me better all right, Banshee replied and gently but
  very firmly pushed her down to her knees so she was facing his erection. Say
  hello to mr. Dick.  
 - Hello, mr. Dick.... It's huge, Theresa said as she gingerly took the head
  of his cock into her mouth, licking the end and the precum drblling off the
  hole like she was experimenting with it for the first time.  
 - Fuck, fuck, Sean panted. In a supreme effort of mental control he only
  took a hold of Theresa's head by her hair and pushed his dick all the way into
  her throat. It slid in perfectly. He caressed her hair for a moment with his
  hands. She kept his cock all the way in, letting him feel her throat. He started
  to feel the urge to start facefucking her. She gently removed his hands from
  her hair and guided them behind his back. He clasped them together to keep
  from grabbing her head the way his dick told him to.  
 Slowly, she pulled his cock out, caressing the shaft with her tongue and
  holding it with her hands. Her grip was firm yet soft, and the cock was long
  enough that she could hold it with both hands and still touch the head with
  her tongue. Sean's entire body was bursting with tension. He was emitting a
  low moan, his mutant power vibrating everything in the room. Theresa took the
  length of his cock back into her throat again, slowly. This time she let it
  out again, slowly, but didn't stop the movement. The started a steady motion,
  never hurrying, sometimes stopping to lick the shaft or the head or give it
  a couple of wanks with her hands as she looked up, her eyes full of innocence.
  It was this look that made Sean almost insane with lust.  
 Jono had gotten tired of wanking. Synch had collapsed after coming in Jubilee's
  ass. They were both lying on the ground, and Jono was trying to prop her up
  using Synch's body as a support to be able to assfuck her while watching Mystique
  do her magic on Sean.  
 - Wait, I don't want to come yet, Sean gasped, and gently, with utmost control
  lifted Theresa's head from his cock. The shaft looked close to bursting. She
  followed his motion and stood up.  
 Banshee was trembling from the want and conflicting passion inside him.
  He guided her hands behind her head so she was standing straight, breasts proudly
  jutting forwards, legs apart, everything available for his touch. She looked
  at him with a sunny smile. Sean moved behind her, caressing her arms, then
  her neck with his hands. He ran his hands down her sides, stopping to feel
  her flat abdomen. Slowly one hand moved downwards until it reached her neatly
  trimmed cunt. Touching her clit elicted a moan from Theresa, the first real
  aknowledgement of the sexual feelings inside her.  
 He sank a couple of fingers inside her, and found her wet. He took the fingers
  that had been in her cunt and slowly fed them to her, his whole body still
  trembling from repressed lust. She licked her own juices while Sean cupped
  her soft yet firm breasts, feeling the piercings, kneading them more violently.  
 - Let me, Theresa said. Banshee stood aside and she knelt down, her eyes
  still innocent but her body wet with want. She took hold of his cock with both
  hands and started to caress and wank, all the while looking him straight in
  the eyes. He stood still like a statue, growling in a low voice. She maintained
  a steady rhythm, never breaking her gaze, refusing to speed up as he was getting
  closer to coming, minute by agonizing minute.  
 Sean started to sound like he was trying to scream with his mouth closed.
  Theresa continued her ministrations, hands moving, eyes locked. Suddenly he
  kissed the head of his cock. Sean gulped in air and let out a strangled sound
  as sperm started to fly out of his cock and onto Theresa's face, hair and breasts.
  Suddenly she was wanking his cock fast and hard, just the way he liked when
  he was coming, sperm flying everywhere. He felt like all energy that he had
  was flying out of his cock and onto the face of his daughter.  
 Then it was over. He was standing hunched over. Theresa was still holding
  his cock, smiling at him, strands of sperm on her face. He was still rock hard.
  He was breathing hard and ragged. He fell to his knees and Theresa let go of
  his cock. He started to crawl on all fours towards Jono who was assfucking
  the semi-conscious Jubilee over the body of the sleeping Synch. Sean pushed
  Jono away, and the young Brit fell down, giving a startled telepathic yelp.
  Sean grabbed hold of Jubilee's waist violently and pushed his cock into her
  ass, immediately starting to hump her as fast and as hard as he could, holding
  her by her wiats, her breasts, her hair.  
 - Slut, whore, fuck, fuck, slut, fuck, and more words to that effect could
  be made out of Sean's breathless grumbling. He started to hit and tear at Jubilee's
  breasts, sometimes slapping her face and forcing his fingers into her mouth
  as he pummeled into her ass. The Asian girl started to wake up, panting and
  screaming incoherently. She had no idea what was happening to her. She had
  thought she'd been spent, but subjected to this punishing fuck she found new
  reserves of lust.  
 The violence of Sean's fuck and the sheer fuck energy in the room made Jono
  look to Mystique/Theresa for release. She was watching Sean fuck Jubilee, looking
  almost bemused. Jono went to her side. Something told him it might not be a
  good idea to have Sean see him fucking Theresa, but he couldn't resist. He
  tweaked her nipple rings playfully and took her head to hic crotch while he
  sat down on the floor. He took a hold of her hair and started to facefuck her
  unceremoniously while he watched Sean tear into Jubilee. It felt like a game
  of chicked. The longer he did it, the more exited he became and the greater
  the risk of Sean noticing what was happening and flying into a rage.  
 Suddenly Sean seemed to look straight into his eyes and Jono froze. Only
  after a moment he realized he'd been holding Theresa down, his entire length
  in her throat making breathing dificult. Sean's eyes were closed.  
 - TIME TO CHANGE, Jono said to Mystique and made her change into her normal
  blue self, plus the piercings. He let go of her head and laid back, letting
  her do the work. She started blowing him lazily, caressing his balls.  
 Sean let out an incoherent scream as he came and collapsed over the struggling
  body of Jubilee. His cock plopped out of her ass as he rolled to her side and
  stayed there, breathing hard, eyes closed. Jubilee was wheezing, and didn't
  move. With wonderful lazy comfort Mystique brought Jono to another orgasm,
  swallowing most of his copious sperm.  
-----------------------------------  
Some time later, the three villains returned. Paige and M were still lying
  in the mess on the floor, sleeping or too exhausted to move.  
 - Hey, you want to fuck some more? the Blob asked M, lifting her head by
  her hair.  
 - Mmmm? she replied, drowsily.  
 - Thanks to modern medicine we're still horny, and I was thinking you might
  want to have another go, the Blob explained.  
 - I'm too tired, M mumbled.  
 - No you're not, the Blob said as he raised her in the air by her hair.
  He didn't notice that neither M nor Paige wore their power inhibitors.  
- What if I just suck you off? M asked, wriggling.  
 - Sure you can, suck on Pyro while I fuck you, the Blob said and put her
  down on all fours. Pyro came up to her na dguided her face to his crotch.  
 - Suckie suckie, he said. M took his half-erect cock into her mouth. The
  Blob gave his dick a couple of wanks and started to push it inside M's cunt.  
 Pyro gave a strangled scream as M suddenly applied her power of perfection
  to his cock. He had an instant orgasm in her mouth, sperm flying down her throat,
  but she didn't quit. Pyro was screaming in exctacy and pain as M's cunt muscles
  were milking the Blob to another perfect orgasm. The huge, fat man bellowed,
  almost in panic. Pyro came again, painfully. The Blob tried to pull himself
  free, but M was stronger. Pyro collapsed, passing out. M let his shriveling
  cock out of her mouth and concentrated on the Blob. He was hyperventilating
  and in the throes of his fourth pain orgasm. Lightheaded from the excess oxygen,
  he too passed out.  
 M stood up and looked around. Avalanche was running away, naked, along a
  corridor. M flew in pursuit and tackled him from behind. She threw him on the
  ground and straddled him, giving his cock a quick wank which made it instantly
  erect before pushing it into her cunt. She was sitting on him, cock inside
  her, perfectly held so it didn't lose the erection. Avalanche looked up at
  her breasts and face wide-eyed. M was smiling cruelly.  
 - Touch my breasts, she said. Gingerly, Avalanche complied, caressing her
  breasts with the lightest of touches. She started to fuck him slowly and pleasureably,
  taking her time. She stooped down to kiss him and give his hands a better access.
  He was stiff from fear. She didn't pay him much heed except when he was slacking
  in his caressing of her body. After half an hour, she was draped over him,
  humping and bucking slowly, her tits on either side of his head. She came gently,
  and when she rose to see how Avalanche fared, she found he had fainted from
  fear.  
----------------------------------  
Jono was watching TV in his basement room. His pants were down, and Mystique,
  still wearing the power-dampening collar, a PVC corset and thigh-high vinyl
  boots in addition to the piercings was sucking his cock. Her hands were bound
  behind her back, more because Jono thought she blew better this way than from
  any reason to restrain her. Jono was undecided whether she could have escaped
  any time she wanted or whether she feared his ability to mold her body against
  her will so much, she didn't dare to try.  
 It had been some months since they escaped from the old Arcade complex.
  Jono had been alone with Mystique for a moment, and afterwards he had told
  everybody she had escaped. In reality, he had smuggled her home to be his personal
  fucktoy. He was a generous guy, so he'd told Synch and Skin about it. Sean
  had found out. Jono could tell when Banshee had seen his daughter, because
  the next night he'd be there, making Mystique play his daughter and fucking
  her. In the beginning, he was very repressed, but as time went on, he started
  to enjoy degrading her more and more. He had progressed into making his daughter-surrogate
  drink his piss at dinner from a wineglass before making her suck the cocks
  of all the dogs on the school grounds.  
 Normally Jono kept Mystique in her normal form; that was what he preferred.
  When not in use, she was chained in a sub-basement room, on all fours from
  her ankles and wrists, ready to be fucked. With difficulty, she could lie down
  and sleep. This was so Jono's pals could come and fuck her safely when he was
  not around.  
 Normally Sean was busy with Emma. After the adventure, she'd jumped him.
  Now they'd progressed to playing ponygirl. It involved having Emma in a pony
  harness, gagged and often with a chastity belt and a dildo inside her, trotting
  around the more secluded school grounds, bells hanging from her nipple piercings,
  drawing a small carriage.  
 Sometimes Synch or Skin asked to have Mystique turn into Emma. Sometimes
  Emma secretly came down to replace the shapechanger and let her students have
  their way with her thinking they were fucking a copy.  
 Skin was a bit of a starfucker. His favorites were Britney Spears, Shakira
  and Pink, and Mystique had been fucked very thoroughly while shapeshifted into
  all of them. It often involved elaborate, pre-scripted scenarios. Synch was
  more into the superhero thing, asking Jono to make Mystique change into the
  fellow superheroes he had fantasized about. He had also found his violent side,
  tearing into the Scarlet Witch, the Black Cat, Storm, Psylocke or Sue Richards
  with equal abandon. He liked to slap them while the fucked, go for heavy SM
  involving nailing their breasts to poles and sewing their cunts shut and a
  steady torrent of verbal abuse. Thankfully Mystique healed fast.  
 Jono lifted Mystique's head by her hair and drew her close. Her ample breasts
  pressed againt his chest. She kissed him where his mouth should have been and
  he thought that life was pretty good.  
------------the end-----------  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taisto Vahajarki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





