BDSM Library - Growing Up Insane




Growing Up Insane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The world as seen through the jaded eyes of a young whore. This little trickster has seen it all and then some. Join her and the rest of  the ladies in the family as they take it as it cums. 
					Growing Up Insane


					    Chapter 1


	Mom's been a whore for over thirty-five years, and although she is on
the wrong side of fifty, still turns tricks just to stay in practice and pick up
some pin money. Me and my sister have followed in mom's footsteps. I've been
doing guys for money ever since I turned thirteen, and Marcie is coming up on
her tenth anniversary as a pro.

	 I was an accident that she decided to keep, although her pimp did all
sorts of things to try to get rid of her "handicap". However once she started to
show, the demand for her services went through the roof and he finally backed
off and let her have me. Don't get me wrong, that bastard kept her working right
up to the day she went into labor. She still claims that taking on those three
guys that afternoon was what got her started. A month later she was back on her
back, legs spread as her cunt was reamed out by those too cheap to afford the
ten bucks extra her pimp wanted for her ass.

	Five years later, when things got tight for the working girls because
the politicians were running scared, she decided to let herself get knocked up
again, remembering how being in the family way helped business. Marcie came a
little early, probably because of the gangbanging that mom took over a wild
weekend when she was in the middle of her eighth month. She still bores people
with the story of how she took on twenty-eight guys who fucked her a grand total
of ninety-eight times, not counting blowjobs, in roughly half a day.

	These days mom has gotten into religion. She belongs to this weird bunch
that have their meetings in a store front down town where the lower class whores
work. Me and my sister are considered high class prostitutes because we work out
of a house and our mom pimps us. Naturally she gets a cut of our take for
business expenses, room and board, plus medical checkups to make sure that our
plumbing is working right and we haven't picked up anything that would put a
crimp in our money-making equipment.

	Getting back to mom, she lets the minister, a really well hung guy, have
some pussy in exchange for him exorcising her to get rid of the demons that make
her turn tricks. So once a month the minister, usually assisted by one of the
lady members of the church, puts mom through the wringer to drive out the evil
spirits. Me and Marcie think she's crazy for letting them do the things to her
that they do. Unless we're really busy we always peek in on mom while they're
doing her good.

	The last time the minister was over was on a Saturday. Mom had turned a
couple of tricks Friday night and was feeling really guilty. I guess he had
heard about that and so the "reverend" was mad as a hornet when he and a lady
church member showed up at the door. Marcie let them in because I was busy
sucking a cock while another client with a monster joint was trying to turn my
asshole inside out. Later when I was finished Marcie told me about the dog they
had brought. We hot footed it down to mom's room and listened at the door.

	Suddenly the door flew open,nearly knocking us down, and we were face to
face with the minister. "Come in, come in, I've been waiting for you two
trollops," he said, flinging his arm wide. I could see mom working on the dog's
long red dick. She was naked and kneeling on the floor with her hands cuffed
behind her back. The mutt had its paws hanging over her shoulders and the church
lady was hand feeding his dick into mom's mouth. "You're just in time to see
your mother having congress with Bruno." I didn't have the faintest idea what
that meant. I did know that mom wasn't fluffing that mutt so it could do either
the reverend or the church lady. So I waited to see what happened next.

	I sure was right. A minute or so later mom was moaning and groaning to
beat hell as that furry fucker drilled out her cunt from behind. Now that was
doggy style fucking! Marcie was standing there in just her robe, which had come
open, and had this weird look on her face like she'd never seen a mutt doing a
person before. The minister and the lady, who was tall, real thin and didn't
have any makeup on to hide her ugly puss, just watched with big smirks on their
face as that mutt tore into mom. Damned if she wasn't pushing back every time
that dog's dick hit home! If the minister thought that was gonna change mom's
ways he was in for a big surprise.

	Once that dog went off inside mom his dick knotted up. While she waited
to get loose from the mutt, mom began servicing the minister's huge cock with
her mouth. The church lady didn't think much about it because she was busy
stripping down. Damn, that skinny bitch had a muff on her that looked like it
hadn't ever seen a blade. It ran all over the place, there was even a trail of
hair that ran right up to her belly button. Her tits looked like pancakes, but
they had the biggest, stiffest nips I'd seen in a long while.

	By the time the dog let mom go, she had gotten the minister's cock full
grown. It was an impressive sight, probably at least ten inches and thick, real
thick. The church lady settled herself on the edge of mom's bed and spread her
legs apart. The minister told mom to scoot over and get to work on the juicy,
furry muff that the lady was showing. As soon as mom's tongue was lapping away
on that lady's cunt, the minister knelt down and began feeding that thick cock
into her asshole. It was slow going even though mom had taken thousands of dicks
up her ass. Inch by inch that weapon disappeared between her cheeks until it was
in to the base. Then he commenced widening my mom's asshole, slow at first then
picking up speed as her shitter loosened up.

	I looked over at Marcie and her eyes appeared ready to pop out of her
head as she watched mom chow down on that bush growing from the lady's cunt
while the minister plowed her backdoor using some serious strokes. The lady
grabbed mom's head and started moving it up and down her snatch while she said,
"Eat my cunt out you filthy whore! Get that tongue deeper! Move it around and
lick up all that juice you're getting out of me." Marcie started playing with
her shaved pussy as the three of them did their thing.

	Then the minister and the lady started to sing, praising the lord for
allowing this sinner to return to the fold. That was pretty funny because I knew
for a fact that mom had a couple of customers coming over tomorrow. She called
them "toe curlers", which meant they really knew how to get her off. Mom always
gave those types some kind of a discount. The last one she had over got a free
ride on Marcie, who had to admit that the guy was a genuine stud.

	 The two of them kept singing and mom kept eating pussy while the
minister reamed out her asshole. Shortly afterwards Marcie grunted, her eyes
rolled, and she started squirting cunt juice all over her thighs, so much that
it ran down both legs. I decided it was time to leave the love birds alone.

	My next trick came right on time in more ways than one. He was an old
guy, nearly as old as mom, but he had a great tongue. I don't usually come when
I'm working, but I fake it pretty good. This one almost made it turn out to be
real. One of these days I'm gonna let him go just to see if he can do it. I
headed for the bathroom to douche and freshen up for my next appointment. On my
way I had to pass mom's room. The door was wide open and I couldn't resist
taking a peek to see what was going on.

	Mom was kneeling on a couple of wooden rods, still handcuffed. She was
facing away from me so I could see that her asshole was not only gaping, but her
cheeks were criss-crossed with deep cuts and welts. They had been beating her
with more than a strap to leave marks like that. She was still eating that
lady's pussy, but as I watched the thin woman turned around, spread her ass
cheeks and backed her asshole into mom's face.  "You get that tongue busy and
clean out my shitter. You better not miss any spots or I'll use the cane on your
tits this time."

	 At this point the reverend came up on me and asked if I was interested
in having my mom eat me out or suck and lick my asshole. I said no, and he
grinned. "Well then we'll be taking her to the bathroom for some water sports
soon as she finishes with my helper." I knew what that meant. Mom would probably
be pissed on, have to swallow some and maybe even take an enema or two. I'd done
all that many times with certain customers who paid plenty extra for that kind
of fun.

	I did my business in the bathroom and as I was leaving they were
marching mom towards me. She did not look well at all. Her tits were
criss-crossed with marks that maybe came from a belt. There were a bunch of deep
welts extending from just below her tits to just above her pussy. I noticed some
other marks that looked like they were made with something hot like maybe a
cigarette. Her cunt lips were really swollen, but her cunt was open and dripping
something messy. She didn't seem to notice me, her eyes were looking down at the
floor as they pushed and poked her toward the bathroom. As the reverend passed,
he gave me a shit-eating grin and asked if I wanted to join the fun. I didn't
answer, just kept moving down the hall. I heard the door to the bathroom slam
shut and then the click of the lock being set. Poor mom was in for a very hard
time.

	My next customer was a regular, but I still did not feel comfortable
with being totally at his mercy. If they were available, mom or Marcie would
always attend while he worked on me, to make sure that things never got out of
hand. As luck would have it, Marcie was busy with a customer and wouldn't be
able to "spot" for me for the first half of our session. I decided to take a
chance and "work without a net". That turned out to be a big mistake.

	As usual he brought his hand cuffs and manacles and quickly had me
spread eagled on the bed with my wrists and ankles secured to the bedposts. He
stripped down and once he washed it, presented his limp wrinkled cock for me to
suck. So far, so good. I set to work bobbing my head up and down on his slowly
growing joint as he stared down at me. Normally it took ten minutes or so to get
him off, then the real fun would begin. Today he got hard and got off in my
mouth in less than half the time.

	Soon as I finished swallowing his creamy load of wigglers, he pinched my
nose shut, then crammed a rag into my mouth and taped it in place. I tried to
scream, but not much got out. Then he pulled out the jar of lube and started
coating his hand. He slathered more of the lube around the entrance to my shaved
cunt and then made a fist.

	 I don't know about other pros, or sex workers as they now like to be
called, but fisting is not one of my favorite tricks. I will let a customer put
his fist in me up to the wrist, but that's it. For this kind of "special
service" I get double my normal fee. This time it looked as if I was going to
get stiffed, in more ways than one. I began to hope that maybe once he got his
hand inside me he'd get hard and then go back to his usual pattern of playing
with my tits and fucking me until he got off again. In this case, no such luck.

	He began by poking a couple of fingers into my pussy and wiggling them
around to loosen me up to take a few more. He rummaged around inside me for a
few minutes and then worked another finger up me. I kept real still, afraid of
getting him mad, not wanting him to do any more damage to my insides than was
necessary in helping him to get off. By the time he started to fold his thumb
and start pushing I was in a cold sweat. He was beginning to stretch me out and
the feeling was not good. Unlike the others, he wasn't that sure about what he
was doing. "Oh great", I thought to myself, "I get to be his guinea pig. How
lucky can this working girl get?"

	He kept pushing and it started to hurt. One of his fingernails, which
probably wasn't too clean, began to dig into me. I let him know by grunting and
trying to move off his fist. That was a big mistake; he rammed me good and hard,
taking the wind out of me. I gasped and cursed into the gag. This bastard could
really do some damage, and there wasn't much I could do to prevent it. I tried
to shift my body into a more comfortable position to ease the pressure, but all
that did was get me another good shot to the guts. I was so fucked!

	The pressure kept building up as he got deeper into my poor stretched
out fuck box. I panicked and started bucking like a horse in an effort to get
that bastard's fist out of me. He gave me an evil grin and rode it out. When I
got tired of pushing and bouncing up and down he grinned and punished me good.
He bent over and put his other hand right down on my belly and leaned foward,
putting his weight on my gut, just about where his fist was. He pressed hard,
once, twice and a third time and I thought I was going to puke. That was scary
because I was gagged and there was a good chance I could choke or even drown in
my own vomit. I really began to sweat then.

	I nodded my head like crazy once he let me catch my breath. He got the
message and started concentrating on seeing how much further in me he could go.
My eyes started tearing as he kept shoving that big hard lump of a hand deeper
and deeper. Now it was his turn to sweat as I began to clench my pussy muscles
to slow him down. Then the bastard pulled back suddenly and lunged forward,
driving his fist up my cunt even further than before. This time I damned near
passed out from the pain. Fortunately for me he had taken his best shot, and
would go no deeper. I looked down and saw that half his arm below the elbow was
buried into my puffed up cunt. I knew that if I kept looking at how far that
fist of his was up my money-maker, I would start puking. So I killed two birds
with one stone, I looked at him instead and started to cry, hoping that he would
take pity on me.

	Damned if it didn't work. He withdrew his fist from me slowly, almost as
if he was reluctant to leave my sore stretched cunt. I turned on the tears full
blast to sort of encourage him to vacate the premises. He took his own sweet
time, but at last is slimy hand popped free of my snatch. It felt as if a great
weight had been lifted from my body.

	 I was so happy and relieved that I was glad I couldn't talk, since I
probably would have offered him a crack at my asshole to show him my
appreciation. The son of a bitch must have been a mind reader, because he got
that happy-dumb look on his face as he began working his middle finger up into
my asshole.

	God only knows what might have happened next, but my little sister
bounced in at that point. Marcie took one look at the situation, including my
rather swollen and gaping cunt and gave him a glare that would melt steel. My
former master was now reduced to a quivering lump of limp dicked flesh.

	To make a long story short, my customer quickly left the premises after
paying me for my services icluding the extra stuff and adding a nice tip as
well. That scumbag knew he'd be barred from the house if I complained to mom
about what he had pulled on me. It was no big deal, just another little hit and
run accident that so oftens happens in this place.

	I got to be going, but if you come around later I'll fill you in on what
happened to mom in the bathroom and introduce you to the love of my life,
Ralphy.  




					Growing Up Insane


					     Chapter 2


	Marcie and I hotfooted it to the bathroom keyhole to check on mom's
progress in getting her soul saved. From the peeks we got it looked like we'd
missed the first act involving the enemas. I know from personal experience that
mom has a thing for enemas, the bigger the better. When she's drunk, usually
once or twice a month, she will start bragging about the kinds of enemas she's
had and how long she can hold them.  She claims she once took a gallon of hot
water and kept it in her for an hour and twenty minutes without using a bung to
plug her asshole. She claims she was so busy eating pussy and sucking cock that
she hardly noticed the enema except when she'd get a particularly strong cramp.
I find that hard to believe, but it's her story and who am I to argue?

	Mom was on her knees communicating with the holy spirit through the
medium of the reverend's cock that appeared to be half way down her throat. The
reverend's assistant was whaling away on mom's back with a strap and was making
good progress in tearing up her skin. On my next peek mom was taking the waters
straight from the lady's tap. Her mouth was wide open and no more than six
inches from the lady's hairy cunt that seemed to have sprung a leak somewhere.
When Marcie started whooping and hollering on her peek,I went crazy waiting to
have my turn.

	The reverend was bent over, his hands holding his cheeks apart. Mom was
on her hands and knees behind him, her face buried in his asshole, tossing his
salad for all she was worth. What made Marcie whoop was the fact that the tall
skinny lady from the church was behind mom with her big strap-on dildo buried in
mom's ass. It was a sight to see. Mom's asshole despite years of cornholing was
probably sore as a boil after that lady got done sawing away on it for damned
near fifteen mintes. It had to be something like that because Marcie and me took
a couple of turns each before that hairy holed honey finished doing momma good.

	When the door flew open, it knocked my sister, ass over tea kettle, to
the floor. There was the reverend with a big shit-eating grin on his face. "I
presume you two trollops are hanging around the keyhole to make sure your momma
doesn't get hurt while we exorcize her worthless ass. Care to take a front row
seat for the grand finale?" he asked, licking his chops. I knew that something
real bad was about to happen to my dear old mother. I could hardly wait to see
what it would be.

	Marcie couldn't contain herself either. She got up off her ass and asked
in a loud voice, "You gonna put the dog on momma's ass while she eats out that
skinny bitch?" I looked up at the ceiling, I was so embarrassed. The reverend
could hardly contain himself as his grin started stretching his face out of
shape. His head was moving from side to side and I thought any second he was
gonna break into a tap dance. "No, child of Satan, definitely not! No animal is
allowed to participate in a sacred exorcism such as I am about to employ on your
mother, the perpetual backsliding sinner and professional prostitute." I thought
that last bit was a touch heavy and was about to say so when mom broke in.

	"You two show some respect for this man of god! I have placed my
worthless body in his hands in order that my soul be saved. Now shut your filthy
mouths or leave this holy place."

	Now in my life I have heard many names used for the bathroom, but never
in my life have I ever heard it described as a holy place. That alone kept me
glued to my front row seat for the grand finale of this exorcism. While me and
Marcie were regaining control of ourselves, the reverend's assistant snapped a
pair of cuffs on mom's wrists to keep her from getting in the way of what was
about to transpire. While the lady rummaged around in the little tote bag she'd
brought in with her, mom began sucking the reverend's dick with a fervor that
was impressive.

	That skank finally came up with what appeared to be a douche bag, and
from the sloshing noises that came from it, the bag was loaded. "Behold the
sacred waters that will purify the sinner's unclean ways." I was hard pressed to
keep a straight face when that naked lady who had just finished rearranging my
mom's insides with her trusty strap-on dildo made that statement as she raised
the "sacred" douche bag above her head. Once again I had to admit that this
skinny skank had one of the most impressive bushes I'd ever laid eyes on. I
couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like to go down on that muff for a
time.

	They got mom to lie on her back with her legs dangling over the edge of
the tub, making her pussy available for the purging it was about to receive. For
the life of me I could not understand how giving my mom a douche was going to
change her sinful ways. I soon got an answer to my question.

	The reverend maneuvered himself into a position that allowed mom to
resume tossing his salad. His big hands spread the opening to mom's cunt as wide
as it could go. Then the church lady stuck the nozzle of that douche bag into
mom and commenced squeezing the contents from it. Nothing much happened for a
minute or so, the lady squeezed, my mom tossed, and the reverend grinned. Marcie
and I exchanged looks; neither one of us was quite sure what was going on.

	Suddenly mom let out a muffled whoop and a holler that must have been an
interesting experience for the reverend since she did this directly into his
asshole. Her legs started flopping and thrashing to beat all hell. The church
lady jumped back leaving a trail of fluid from the douche bag that flowed down
mom's belly and tits. The reverend held on for dear life as mom tried to lift
him into the air by his asshole. He made his escape and then we were treated to
mom doing her version of break dancing. She didn't need any cardboard to do what
she did; it was simply amazing.

	Mom waved her legs in the air at the same time she tried to corkscrew
her ass into the tiled floor. She hollered, she yelled, she yipped, she yelped;
all the time gyrating to beat hell. She rolled on her belly and dry humped the
floor with tears streaming down her face. She got on her knees and prayed
between screams. She slammed her ass against the tub over and over, as if trying
to knock something out of her cunt. We were just stunned, absolutely knocked for
a loop. It was obvious that something big was happening inside mom, maybe it was
the devil trying to leave the premises. When mom went into the air bicycle
routine it began to sink into me what was going on. She had managed to get most
of her ass off the tile and was pedaling her legs in mid-air for all she was
worth. Mom was really hurting big time and I decided to get into the act.

	"What the fuck did that skank of a cunt do to my mom? You better undo it
real quick or you and her are in for some serious hurting! I will make one
fucking phone call and you and bitcho here will find your sorry asses in the
deepest shit imaginable. Now do something!" Marcie picked up on my lead and
headed for the door yelling for Andre, the enforcer, who we both knew was out
and about trolling for pussy. However those two assholes didn't know that.

	The reverend started raising his hands in fright and hollering at his
lady friend to wash out the stuff she'd pumped into mom's cunt. It took a few
minutes before mom could calm down and stop crying. Those assholes had squirted
a mixture of mineral oil and kerosene into my mom's money-maker and nearly
burned off the lining of her cunt. This was very serious business. Mom being the
true believer that she is, started blessing the reverend and apologizing for our
behavior. The reverend was too scared to make the most of this golden
opportunity. In minutes he and his lady friend were out the door, leaving me and
Marcie to take care of mom.

	Needless to say mom had to cancel her appointments for the following
day, missing out on a couple of toe curling orgasms. She remained in bed until
the next day when she got up long enough to limp off to the services being held
down at the store front church of the living lie, as I called it. A couple of
days after that the reverend paid mom a visit and they remained behind closed
doors for quite some time as they "prayed" and gave thanks for her conversion to
the righteous way once more. When I tried to peek in on them I discovered the
keyhole was blocked. Fortunately Marcie had drilled a backup hole in the wall
beside mom's bed and from that vantage point I was able to satisfy myself that
they were doing nothing but fucking, in fact it was classic missionary with mom
on the bottom as was her lot in life.



	Tonight I have a date with Ralphy, my boyfriend for nearly fifteen
years. He's in town just to see me, which gives me a warm and very fuzzy
feeling. I still remember the first time I laid eyes on this little man who has
owned me ever since. It was a beautiful clear day with a brisk wind coming off
the ocean bringing the smell of salt and the five thousand horny sailors who
were about to be set loose on the waiting world of women after a six month stint
at sea. I had just turned pro and this was my first excursion down to the shore
to troll for sailors. I was all of thirteen and already pretty wise to the way
of the world thanks to my mom who was a seasoned veteran of the sex wars.

	Ralphy was the first of many scores that I made by the ocean. He wasn't
much to look at, maybe a few inches taller than my five feet three inches and
real thin. His uniform seemed to swallow him up every time the wind blew. He had
this very fine blonde hair that I could never keep my hands from touching.
Perhaps his best feature was that little boy smile that used to light up his
face whenever I made him happy, and lord knows I have dedicated many nights and
days to this task over the last nearly fifteen years.

	Mom had made arrangements with a local inn keeper and a block of his
finest rooms had been set aside for mom and her working girls. The one Ralphy
and I spent three glorious and fun filled days and nights in had a view of this
blinking advertising sign that touted the wonders of some local beer. We never
did get around to drinking any of it since we were too busy swapping vast
quantities of our bodily fluids back and forth.

	I remember being really nervous about having to do a strip for my
customer. In the house all we ever wore were robes, except when one of the girls
had a fetish thing to do. I was considered to be too inexperienced for such
activities. Here I was, just out of my training bra, getting ready to show the
merchandise to this little man in that big sailor suit. I took a deep breath,
stared out the window at that blinkig sign and began to take off my clothes.

	 It was chilly in that little room and by the time I was down to my
panties, bikinis with a transparent crotch, I was getting goose bumps. When I
popped open my bra and let my 32As out to take some fresh air, his eyes were as
big as saucers. I started paying more attention to him now that I realized he
was getting turned on by what I was showing. I gave him my fifty dollar smile
and began sliding those wispy panties down my legs. When I stepped out of them
my pussy was staring him right in the face.

	Then he did that thing that made me his slave for the rest of my natural
life; he leaned forward and planted a kiss directly on my slit which was showing
real good since my pubic hair was still in the process of coming in. I thought I
was going to melt into a puddle of pussy juice right in front of this little
blonde man with the magic touch. No one ever kissed my cunt like that, no one.
Guys had gone down on me, but they always acted like my pussy was some kind of a
chew toy. This was so different it made me feel almost sick in my stomach. He
kissed me again, this time moving up maybe a half inch and did I get juicy. I
got so juicy that I could smell myself.

	Suddenly he jumped up and clutched me to his chest and then got the
damndest look on his face. He had just shot six months of loneliness into his
underpants. There actually was so much of it that a stain appeared on the front
of his uniform within seconds. Now I have had guys cum early, but most of them
at least made it to my cunt before loosing their loads. This was a new
experience for me. He sat down on that creaky bed and his face was white as a
sheet. I just stood there with my panties down by my feet and ran my fingers
through that fine blonde hair and crooned like he was a lost child that I had
just found. It was very weird and very wonderful, all rolled into one.

	My behavior would have scandalized my dear mother. In my defense I will
only say I still was not yet totally familiar with all the lessons in the
Whore's Manual that was issued to girls like me upon entering the profession. I
made him shuck those trousers so I could soak out that stain in the sink basin
located in this tiny little broom closet of a room. When I suggested it might be
a good idea to give me his shorts as well, he just peeled them off without a
word.

	It was then that I got the second big surprise. Ralphy was not hung very
well. In his depleted state he was miniscule, but later on when he regained his
erection fully, his pecker was less than average in length and woefully lacking
in girth as well. I have often chided myself for my less than charitable
reaction to his condition, and have attempted by thought and often deed to atone
for my serious error in judgement.

	While his stuff was soaking in the sink we got on the bed and started
getting to know each other. Damned if he didn't kiss me down there again and I
gave it up to him in a big way. I swallowed his little man and enjoyed the feel
of all that cum shooting off inside my mouth.I was so wet I was embarrassed. I
was the one staining the bed sheets.

	Ralphy never let me rest. When he wasn't getting that little thing hard
and ready to go for the umpteenth time, he was busy triple tonguing me into a
juicing crazy girl who thought she had found her maker. Perhaps that was what he
was, because he made me so many times in the next three days and nights that I
went home sore from all the stimulation I had received from his magic tongue,
his magic lips and his toy cannon that never seemed to run out of ammunition.
The truly amazing part was he never used a rubber the entire time. We must have
been the luckiest pair of fools who ever mussed up a bed.

	I wound up with all of his money, despite my desire to leave him
something to live on while he was ashore. He told me he didn't need any money
because he would be going back to the ship as soon as I left to go back to the
house. We swore a silly oath to keep in touch. He gave me the address where I
could send mail, and made me promise to write him. I was too ashamed to give him
the address of the whore house I worked out of, but that changed pretty quick
after we started to send stuff back and forth.

	We meet every six months or so and it's just like the first time; all
kissing, hugging, sucking and fucking, his magic tongue doing the things that
only he can do to me. No matter how many guys have done me, and all the tricks
I've learned about how to make a man think he's happy and how to get him off in
ten thousand different ways, all it takes is five minutes with Ralphy and I'm
back to being thirteen again and happy as hell to be there. I do wonder what is
to become of us when his twenty years in the service are up and there is then no
excuse for us not getting together permanently. I sometimes dream about that day
and there are other times that I dread it.



				(To be continued)




				Growing Up Insane


				   Chapter 3


	In my profession, the oldest I am told, one meets all sorts of
individuals. Some are quirky, others needy. Some are downright mean and others
are strange. However my life was decidedly incomplete until I encountered
Tabitha. She flounced into our little house that wasn't a home and I was the
lucky one to take her on as a client. In those days we  were trying our damndest
to become upscale because that meant we would be encountering men and women more
apt to be generous tippers for our unique services.

	I sensed that there was something not quite right with Tabitha. She was
what I'd call statuesque with a good-sized set of jugs, long legs and a face I'd
describe as more handsome than beautiful. Her voice was a bit odd as well, sort
of high pitched at times and then turning husky from word to word. We arrived in
my boudoir and began negotiating a fair price for my services once we had
established the ground rules for whatever sexual activity that we would engage
ourselves in.

	Tabitha's ideas concerning sexual congress were a bit strange, not
harmful strange, just strange. I suggested the standard girl on girl activities,
and threw in a few curves such as an extended period of rimming, with each
partner alternating as the aggressor, and held out the possibility that I might
deign to engage in some mild form of fisting if the fee was adequate for such an
endeavor. It was not until I mentioned that some of my female clients were
partial to using or having replicas of the male genitalia used on them, that
Tabitha brightened considerably.

	In that husky-high voice she asked for some detailed explanations about
who was to do what to whom. We compromised on a configuration where I would be
prodding Tabitha in her ass with one of my standard issue strap-ons modeled
after one of the more well endowed members of the porn star fraternity, while at
the same time I was enjoying the feel of her "magnificent mammaries". Those were
her words, not mine.

	While Tabitha got out of her clothing, revealing a set of tits that made
my mouth water, I set about rummaging in my closet to come up with "old
reliable", which is the name I had for my tried and trusty-true strap-on. I
opened my robe and donned the black rubber reamer. I turned and got the shock of
my young life. For one of the few times in my career as a professional sex
worker, my jaw dropped and my mouth took on the appearance of a fly catcher.

	Some might say that Tabitha combined the best of both worlds; her tits
were damn near perfect and that baby python hanging from between the legs of
whatever it was would put all but the top one-tenth of one-tenth percent of the
male population to shame. I had just gotten my first good look at one of those
transsexuals, close-up and very personal. A better way to describe it would be
to call it a work in progress, since it was obvious that it was still in
transition based of the size of that cudgel dangling there for me to feast my
eyes upon. At that moment I had this crazy thought bouncing around inside my
head that the two of us must have looked very much akin, me with my fake dick
and him with his fake tits.

	For reasons that were most obvious, this revelation had taken the thrill
off of what we had been about to consummate. Tabitha was blushing from head to
toe, caught in the act of impersonating a woman. Her or his equipment was at
half mast and falling faster than a barometer just before a hurricane hit. I
thought the poor dear was about to burst into tears, and then it did, releasing
a deluge of saltiness from its eyes that rolled down those adorable, high cheek
bones to drip off that chiseleed jaw and finally be deposited on a pair of
breasts that were so realistic I expected them to give milk if I sucked on the
teats.

	I felt ridiculous standing there with my strap-on bobbing up and down
from my crotch while this poor creature acted as if it had not a friend in the
world. In less time then it takes to tell I took it off and put my robe back on.
Then I settled down beside the tearful tranny and tried my best to console the
poor creature. It is not possible to explain what happened next. I brushed a
tear away from its face and then those bee stung lips acted like a magnet and
the next thing I knew, we were locked in a kiss that could have melted steel.
Damn, that Tabitha could kiss! I automatically parted my lips and damned if what
seemed like a yard of hot, wet tongue didn't begin taking up light housekeeping
inside my mouth.

	Things started getting quite serious in one big hurry. That limp length
of flesh hanging down between its legs was growing like some weed on steroids.
The next thing I knew, it was trying to poke a hole in my belly. I reached down
and without giving it too much thought guided this monster into my treasure
trove as my dear old momma called my money-maker. Now I had yet to experience
the joy of giving birth  (pushing until I turned blue in the face as it felt as
if a small tree was being forced from my pussy), but this close encounter with
Tabitha's male equipment gave me a pretty fair inkling what lay in store for me
one of these days.

	Tabitha took unfair advantage of her strength and size, rolling me onto
my back as if I was just a collection of skin and bones. Then I felt this ache
that kept growing as Tabitha sank more and more of that tree trunk into my poor
pussy. I may have been on the young side, but due to my occupation I had been
stretched almost to my pussy's limit by any number of men with large appendages.
Tabitha was a special case however, and as time passed it became apparent that
this creature of loveliness and charm had the kind of staying power that was
legend.

	At the time I did not realize that those in the process of crossing the
great divide separating the sexes paid a heavy penalty for their cheekiness.
Putting it another way, the spirit was willing, but when it came to delivering
the goods, the female hormone shots that were assisting the change got in the
way of progress. To those of you thinking that my vocabulary is a bit much for
one so uneducated, be advised that for lengthy periods my only reading material
came from two sources, one the holy bible and the other a copy of Webster's New
Collegiate Dictionary.

	It took some doing but I managed to disengage myself from Tabitha. After
taking a few deep breaths I returned to the fray, but this time I was the
aggressor. I reasoned that perhaps oral stimulation might be more to its liking
and so I attached my mouth to that reptilian protuberance and began applying
enough suction to create a mighty vacuum against which no cock was able to stand
without delivering.

	Tabitha just lay back and watched my cheeks hollow and puff out as I
worked diligently to extract whatever those shrinking testicles were producing
in the way of seminal fluid. Alas my efforts came to naught; I had been drilling
for oil in a dry hole it seemed. Now it was my turn to feel rather insecure. I
had failed at the most basic function of my profession. What was to become of me
if word got out that I had failed so miserably and with a tranny to boot? This
only goes to show just how ignorant I was concerning the plumbing and behavior
of your typical debuting transsexual.

	I guess Tabitha felt my discomfort for she or he gave me a shy smile and
patted my head like I was the family pet who had just chewed up one of its
favorite shoes. The sigh it let out was enough to almost make me renew my
efforts, but I restrained myself. For the next half hour or so I sat there
mesmerized by the amazing tale that Tabitha related.

	My client and bedmate started things out by giving me the proper
nomenclature to use in describing this exotic sexual creation. Tabitha, nee
Timothy, was a young (nineteen years old) transsexual to-be who had just taken
the first few steps in changing from male to female. It or semi-she, as Tabitha
liked to describe this in-between state, was a few inches short of six feet in
height, slim with the beginnings of some exceptional curves thanks to the first
of what would be many surgeries and the regular ingestion of female sex hormones
plus sex stimulants that kept Tabitha in a high state of readiness for any and
all forms of intercourse involving members of both sexes.

	I could not help but stare at what appeared to be one of the most
perfect sets of tits that I had ever seen. When you're a 34B on your best day,
you spend lots of time fantasizing about having bigger and better shaped boobs,
especially when you are working in my field. Tabitha noticed the attention I was
giving these beauties that sat on its chest. I got one of its shy smiles and
then it floored me.

	"These are a gift from a very dear man, who like me has issues when it
comes to his sexuality. You may have heard of him, he's Carver Cleaver." I was
stunned; anyone who knew anything about the subject of enhanced breasts knew who
Carver Cleaver was. He was to boobs what Michelangelo was to marble. I felt as
if I was standing before an altar; here before my dumbstruck face was a perfect
example of his fantastic talent. "Why it, and not me?" I said to myself as my
mouth began to water at the sight of these twin miracles.

	Tabitha was deliberately vague on how the two of them got together, but
together they got, in a big way. I figured they had too much in common not to
match up once their paths crossed. If the truth be known, Timothy/Tabitha was a
rather conflicted individual. The desire to assume the trappings of a fully
developed and near fully functional female was driven by the Timothy side who
was extremely attracted to those mysterious creatures that seemed to be from
another world. However at the same time the old Timothy was loathe to give up
the impressive physical equipment that came with his maleness, since it too was
a method of attracting and interacting with those marvelous female creations.

	Adding to this sea of conflict was the personality of Timothy/Tabitha,
very submissive and easily led. In this state Tabitha was totally vulnerable to
anyone willing to take the time to direct this lost soul down whatever path
suited their own purposes, whether or not it would benefit Tabitha. Such was the
case when Timothy encountered the equally ambivalent Carver Cleaver, who like
himself was struggling with his sexual identity.

	Cleaver had taken a different solution than the one Timothy was seeking.
He had surrounded himself with those who still retained male characteristics,
and were dedicated inwardly to the very maleness that Timothy was trying to
shed. It was this environment that Timothy found himself in when he took up
Carver Cleaver's generous offer to come and stay under his roof while Carver
prepared him for a series of surgeries that would partially achieve his
objective of joining the female ranks.

	There was a price to be paid by the nineteen year old changeling, and
Timothy was only too glad to pay it for the promise of freedom from his current
state of being. Carver and his gay friends enjoyed his long, thick cock which
never seemed to grow soft no matter how many times they drained the attractive
youth's churning testicles. This period was not to last as the female hormones
that he was receiving from his master and mentor were slowly sapping his ability
to generate sperm.

	Timothy gladly offered up his tight asshole to Carver and his friends.
It would open like a flower when Carver or one of his confidants pressed his
tongue against the puckered entrance to that dark tunnel. Carver doted on
Timothy's tight channel by the hour, taking his time as he probed deep and
stretched the tender funnel of flesh to conform to his generously sized prong.

	Initially Timothy proved to be nearly inexhaustible despite the
challenges his companions provided on a nightly basis. Weekends were even more
stressing. The youth would lie almost in state, manacles ringing his wrists and
ankles so they could rearrange their prey into any and all types of
configurations that crossed their fertile imaginations. It was a rare moment
when there wasn't a thick cock buried in his asshole while another thrust down
his throat and either a hot mouth or calloused fist was busy trying to bring the
young tranny wannabe to still another ejaculation.

	I detected some pride in Tabitha's voice when she described how much
spooge they could force from Timothy, their boy toy. She smiled somewhat
nervously as she related a situation that could only be called apocryphal. The
equipment of her former self was hooked up to a small scale version of a milking
machine and it was run continuously for almost twelve hours, yielding nearly a
pint of a translucent fluid that had a mild salty taste and the consistency of
skim milk. To make sure that Timothy was giving everything possible they dosed
the teen with powerful sex stimulants and stiffeners, the latter being a souped
up version of the popular little blue pill that made a certain portion of the
male population capable of doing what they formerly did with ease when they were
younger.

	As if this wasn't enough to cause him a heart attack, additional
stimulation was provided by means of vibrating dildos which were forced deep
into his anus and run until their batteries died. Others ran vibrators over his
scrotum and provided even more stimulation to his swollen testicles which prior
to this event had begun to shrink in response to the massive amounts of females
hormones he was consuming.

	As the hours went by, word spread throughout the gay community about the
incredible performance that this handsome youth was being induced to provide. At
the half way point in this ordeal, there was standing room only at Carver's
home. Naturally everyone wanted to participate in this epic experience.

	Timothy was fed plenty of thick cock that spurted and squirted enough
cum to give the tranny wannabe a rather large tummy that was the butt of jokes
as the day wore on into night, his cock still hard and his tired testicles still
delivering small amounts of fluid into the collection bottle. There is an urban
legend that the contents were auctioned off  afterwards for nearly a thousand
dollars an ounce, and is being stored the same way as extremely rare wines, and
consumed only on very special occasions.

	The machine was finally turned off after it had milked Timothy steadily
for an hour and a half at its highest speed setting, collecting only an
occasional dribble of a clear fluid that looked almost like glycerin. During
that last, utterly exhausting period the lad's face grew flushed, becoming
redder and redder as the machine literally began to suck the life from the
helpless changeling.

	Some claimed that they could actually see his heart pulsating violently
beneath the sweat-soaked flesh as Timothy writhed in mortal agony. Those who
knew about such things, claimed that during that last ninety minutes, Timothy
had at least six dry ejaculations, a most painful process that can weaken the
stongest of studs. Despite this Herculean effort, six hours later the youth
provided a substantial amount of his fluids for the edification and amusement of
a number of queens who dropped by unannounced to be entertained by this
phenomenon.

	I was so wrapped up in this tale that I lost track of time. Then I was
reminded in no uncertain terms by my mother who barged in, not batting an
eyelash at the sight of my customer who displayed his/her all, and berated me
for not meeting this very important client in the parlor as befitted his status.
I begged Tabitha to go downstairs and remain there until I finished entertaining
my next customer. I had to know all there was to know about this amazing
creature.



				(To be continued)




				Growing Up Insane


				     Chapter 4


	It was almost two hours before I had some time to myself. I rushed
downstairs to the parlor, and there he/she was, still waiting and drawing lots
of attention from the other clients who were waiting for their escorts to arrive
and wisk them off to the land of enchantment, with apologies to the state of New
Mexico. Tabitha followed me to my room, and never have I had so much attention
paid to me, or was it my statuesque companion, who was acting like a magnet for
everyone's eyes.

	Don't ask me why, but as soon as the door shut behind us I couldn't
resist temptation; I had to have some of that huge cock or go completely crazy.
Tabitha was a bit reluctant at first, but I was at  my most persuasive best and
my transsexual client soon unveiled that magnificent hunk of meat and I went
down on it like I was a starving whore and this was a piece of filet mignon
wrapped in a one hundred dollar bill. I licked it, I sucked it, I slobbered all
over it, I rubbed it against my little titties and poked the slit into my stiff
nipples, all to no avail, Tabitha was resistant to my charms.

	It was then that I realized something; the story that Tabitha was
telling me was in the past. This Tabitha had been on female hormones for enough
time for those chemicals to have done plenty of damage to the capability of
Tabitha to deliver what men usually could under the proper circumstances. So I
went to the closet and retrieved old reliable and strapped it on. My client gave
me a thousand watt smile and assumed the position, on all fours with head erect,
back arched and that glorious ass hiked up proudly and ready to be split. I did
not disappoint Tabitha. Perhaps my ambivalence was the reason that I put more
than the usual amount of muscle into my initial thrust. It certainly got a rise
out of Tabitha, who took a deep breath and wiggled that awesome ass from side to
side. I commenced doing what had to be done.

	I pounded away between those superb cheeks and enjoyed the sight of that
firm flesh jiggling and bouncing whenever I got a particularly hard stroke
delivered properly. Tabitha sighed and urged me to do her harder. I suggested
she assume another position that would allow me to generate more force. Tabitha
now lay on her back, legs parted and held back by her strong hands to give me
easy access to that winking brown eye. Her male equipment was hard, but Tabitha
was still far from being capable of unloosing a load of what passed for seminal
fluid. In this arrangement I was above, and now gravity was my ally not my
enemy. I began to notice that Tabitha's organ was getting harder and even adding
some to its length. I picked up the pace and Tabitha groaned and panted.

	Despite this advantage, my efforts started to flag, and so I adopted a
new tactic. I buried the dildo as deep into Tabitha as I could drive it, and
then balanced my weight to keep it embedded while I took a turn at sucking and
jacking it simultaneously. Tabitha really started panting and moaning when this
activity commenced. I just closed my eyes and gave it my all. Tabitha began
thrusting up to drive that solid sausage deeper and deeper into my mouth. I
applied more suction and tightened the grip my lips had on that magnificent
piece of meat as it sawed in and out from my mouth. I reached out and began
teasing Tabitha's nipples; I was now completely occupied with stimulating my
client with every appendage I possessed.

	My mouth sucked, my tongue lapped, my lips squeezed, my fingers pinched
and pulled and my hips swiveled as I resumed fucking Tabitha with old reliable.
Somehow and someway I managed to produce something in the conflicted soul 
pinned beneath me that resembled an ejaculation. It was more like a little
ripple, but I felt a few drops of some slightly salty fluid dribble onto my
tongue. Tabitha gave a loud cry, pressed her body upwards to its limit of
extension, shuddered and then collapsed back onto the bed, totally exhausted
from the effort to have some kind of sexual climax. I'm not sure that this was
what the transsexual had been expecting, but that is what the gorgeous
semi-female delivered. I was most grateful, and almost competely exhausted
myself. Never had I worked so hard for so little, but yet I felt a degree of
satisfaction from what I did make this wondrous creature yield.

	Tabitha was exhausted;  however I didn't know whether she was satisfied
or happy. These characteristics were much more important to me as both a
professional sex worker and a potential good friend to the tranny. I engaged my
client in conversation, hoping to hear more of Tabitha's adventures. I was not
disappointed.

	I was given all the details concerning that first surgery that had done
so much to transform Timothy to Tabitha. This was not your average cut and stuff
procedure that resulted in the poor woman looking like a human version of the
modern turkey which was nearly all breast. This was a sculptor working in living
flesh, producing a vision of physical harmony; Tabitha fit together marvelously
well.

	Carver Cleaver did not work with silicone, his enhancing material was a
combination of a special polymer material whose cost was ten times that of the
bags of oil that were normally pushed into the incisons made in the patient's
(or was it victim's) chest. He spent almost as much time and attention on
producing nipples that looked as if they belonged on these marvels of cosmetic
art. They were the result of a combination of injections that included a
variation on the commonplace collagen used by others, and an irritant that kept
those nubbins in a puffy state that drove men, women and trannies wild. The
surgeon, or should I say artist, also took this opportunity to sculpt Tabitha's
buttocks into a  heart shaped mound that made grown men slaver and turned women
green with envy as Tabitha minced down the street, those fabulous cheeks
inviting the stares of all who encountered this wet dream in heels.

	Tabitha was the darling of the strange set that included other
transsexuals in progress, those still ambivalent about their sexuality and
others who had made the complete transition to the opposite sex, what ever it
was that they chose.  As a reward for participating, nay starring, in an around
the clock orgy  featuring Cleaver's latest creation and over two dozen trannies,
gays, straights, plus a handful of dominant women who put a tremendous strain on
Tabitha, the hot teen tranny was rewarded with an appointment to have a full
body electrolysis procedure that would remove, for a period of at least a couple
of months, every hair  except eyebrows from neck to ankles, including those few
that insisted on growing from Tabitha's shrinking scrotum. The teen claimed that
this procedure turned out to be as painful as what "she" endured hooked to the
milking machine. By now Tabitha was becoming more and more assured as "her" body
became increasingly feminine.

	The procedure was performed by a pair of middle aged Asian ladies who
also doubled as prostitutes. They had been part of the South Korean economic
miracle and when many of those who benefitted the most from it immigrated to
America, so did these sex workers. Having the ladies do double duty was the only
way that this establishment could keep the doors open. Once they got a look at
Tabitha's impressive male equipment, they were sorely tempted. So it was that
they gave into their urges at the young  tranny's expense.

	Tabitha thought it odd that they required their client to be securely
strapped down to the table before they began. They then took turns applying the
pungent paste over Tabitha's body and suctioning that massive prong to get every
drop of seminal fluid from the creature's testicles, watery as it might be. The
fact that this half woman could continue to remain erect despite their best
efforts moved the ladies to anger. The female hormones that Tabitha was taking
had not taken full effect yet, something neither she nor they knew. The
transsexual was still capable of attaining erection and even ejaculating. In
Tabitha's case, all the sexual activity combined with the various sex stimulants
they provided this delightful playmate had created a bit of an anomaly.

	Fortunately the youthful Tabitha was able to assume many contorted
positions as the ladies pulled and pushed their client into one strange pose
after another, spreading the paste and then passing the low voltage electricity
through the paste to accelerate the reaction that removed the hair down to well
below the skin line. This is not to say that they ever gave up in their efforts
to bring the tranny to heel. A specially designed wand they often used to
stimulate the prostates of their older clients in order to cause an erection,
was used on Tabitha to assure that the tranny remained hard and ready for
whatever games they wanted to play. Despite running it at full power for many
long minutes while they took turns sucking and jacking Tabitha's hard cock, they
were unable to draw even a dribble of fluid from the semi-woman.

	It now became a matter of honor, saving face so to speak. The pair was
determined to wring another offering or two from the tranny's shrinking
testicles, and thus the treatment went on until the early hours of the morning.
The few customers they received, all interested in sex rather than any type of
massage, were handled by one of them while her companion continued to torment
the beautiful tranny. Despite the fact that after the initial electrolysis
treatment, Tabitha's body was now as smooth as a baby's, they resorted to the
more painful technique of waxing to further punish this creature who was
beginning to make them feel like trolls.

	The region of Tabitha's groin and the hard length of meat still jutting
from between the tranny's spread thighs received their undivided attention. Over
and over they dripped hot wax onto Tabitha's sensitive skin, applied the
adhesive strips and then slowy removed them as Tabitha's eyes blinked back the
tears.  The tranny's penis was covered with hot wax from base to tip and the
strips were wrapped around the thick column of flesh, then peeled away one strip
at a time over and over until Tabitha's penis was crimson and raw. Still
convinced that they could get something from the tranny's testicles, they took
up positions on either side and began to furiously jack the tranny's cock as
Tabitha groaned and begged for mercy. Tabitha isn't sure whether they got
anything from that stiff joint, but for two days afterward any idea of an
erection was anathema to her.

	Alas, Tabitha's patron and mentor, Carver Cleaver, fell upon hard times
and had to give up this wondrous creature.  It seems that Carver had run afoul
of the medical community, specifically those trying to compete with his skills
and vision. They had banded together to support a trumped-up claim from one of
his patients. To defend himself required a great deal of time and money, leaving
little time for Tabitha. This coupled with his need for money, now that he was
being prevented from performing operations, led him to make arrangements for
Tabitha to be turned over, for a large sum of under the table cash, to a person
who had grandiose plans for the tranny.

	Unfortunately for Tabitha, the new "patron" wanted to make sure that the
tranny could handle both sexes to their satisfaction. This meant that Tabitha
had to be able to not only produce on demand erections, but follow through with
ejaculations that were easily induced and plentiful in volume. To make matters
worse Tabitha was to spend a significant fraction of time entertaining couples.
Many couples were thrilled at the prospect of having a sex worker, (a fancy word
for prostitute) who was sexually appealing to both partners, and who was capable
of satifying each during the session. As one wag put it, this was the ultimate
threesome.

	To achieve this minor miracle, Tabitha's "handler" surreptitously
substituted massive doses of testosterone for the female hormones that Tabitha
had been taking. In addition the tranny was made to ingest  large amounts of sex
stimulants that were smuggled in from Asia. These powerful drugs were considered
by most people in the sex industry to be too risky for their workers to use
except on very special occasions. To add even more potency to the tranny's
ability to sexually satisfy females, Tabitha was given daily injections of
another sex stimulant directly into the penis and testicles, an extremely
painful procedure that had to be administered only with Tabitha securely
strapped down. Had this regimen been continued for perhaps as short a time as a
month, the tranny might have entirely lost its secondary female sex
characteristics such as smooth skin free of hair, and suffered irreparable harm
to its entire body from the sex stimulants that forced the tranny to operate at
a metabolism rate that could lead to death in a matter of months.



				(To be continued)




				Growing Up Insane


                                   Chapter 05


	In this new capacity as a prostitute expected to service both sexes on a
regular basis, singularly or as couples, Tabitha had a great deal of difficulty
with the distaff side. Men were easy since Tabitha thought of herself as being
female, and the great majority of her male customers accepted her as such
despite her additional appendages. It was a very rare male customer who wanted
to assume the submissive role in the relationship. All these rules went by the
board when the client was female.

	Just as many wanted to submit to Tabitha as dominate the transsexual.
Poor Tabitha never knew in advance what type of sex act would be required by her
female customers. In many cases her female clients were equally unsure about
their needs or desires and how they could be satisfied. Worse still were the
couples that came for Tabitha's unique services.

	For some odd reason the female would be either extremely submissive or
dominant; there never seemed to be any middle ground with the women. Since the
young transsexual had limited experience in dealing with women in any capacity,
the extremes she was now exposed to left her bewildered, which often caused
trouble for her. It was very bad when Tabitha discovered that the female member
was the dominant one. It was a nightmare when both were dominant. As I had
learned over the years as a sex professional, the key to success was to
understand the needs and status of one's clients and act accordingly. The
successful sex worker has to be a student of human nature, quick to assume any
role as the situation dictates. Tabitha was woefully deficient in this critical
skill, doubly dangerous when one considered her sexual status.

	As bad as the first week as a prostitute was, things got  a great deal
worse once Tabitha met the Wendalls. These two were both dominants, yet managed
to keep their marriage together by taking out their aggression on more
submissive types that they either cultivated socially or hired. Naturally
Tabitha fell into the latter category, and the initial encounter with the
Wendalls was utterly traumatic. The novice prostitute was instructed to go to
the Wendall home and allow them complete freedom to do anything they wished to
do as long as it did not result in permanent physical damage. Tabitha to this
day is still unable to fully describe what transpired during that long night.
However what I was told was sufficient to form an outline of what the
transsexual endured during that first visit to their home.

	They made Tabitha strip to the skin and masturbate until that nine inch
plus piece of meat was stiff as it could be. Claudia Wendall then produced a
vicious looking cock ring made from metal. It was modeled after a hose clamp,
but the intricate engraving and the materials used indicated that it had been
formed by a skilled artisan rather than pulled off the shelf of the local
hardware store. While she tightened the cock ring, running her long fingernails
up and down the length of the transsexual's straining penis, her husband, Mark,
busied himself by restraining Tabitha with handcuffs. He then watched with a
sardonic smile as his wife turned the tiny key that forced the diameter of the
ring to be reduced, bringing a gasp of pain from the youthful prostitute. "One
more turn should do it for the moment" she said as she turned the key while
Tabitha grunted and tears began coursing down those perfect cheekbones.

	Tabitha was placed in a prone position on the large bed. They quickly
attached Tabitha's ankles to a spreader bar, forcing the trannie's legs wide
apart, making it a simple matter to have easy access to Tabitha's puckered
asshole, swollen cock and that big basket of balls located below the cruel metal
noose that was disappearing into the purplish skin. Tabitha was now secured in
such a manner that the youth's head was almost hanging over the lower portion of
the bed. It was there that Mark took his place, grabbing the prostitute's hair
to move it into the proper attitude so that Mark could begin face fucking the
transsexual. Claudia took up a position that allowed her to straddle Tabitha.
The trannie would have been horrified if what was being strapped around
Claudia's hips had come into view. 

	The initial onslaught from the couple caused Tabitha to suffer a sensory
overload as well as an identity crisis. Although the Wendalls were vicious
dominants, I could not bring myself to believe that they were so intelligent
that they would deliberately create a situation that would cause incredible
emotional distress to the young transsexual.  I really believe they looked upon
this gorgeous creature as just another piece of fuckmeat to enjoy and cast
aside. However they were quick to expolit the situation once they realized that
they had been its cause. From then on the session turned into a nightmare for
Tabitha.

	When Mark offered his semi-hard cock to Tabitha, the transsexual
attacked it with gusto, excited about the prospect of feeling this rapidly
growing slab of meat burrowing to the depths, stretching her colon in ways that
had not yet been experienced. Mark on the other hand was merely interested in
causing the young prostitute as much discomfort as he possibly could. He worked
his thick prong deeper and deeper into the trannie's throat, cutting off the air
and pounding away at the senstive lining guarding Tabitha's gullet. Meanwhile
Claudia had taken up a position above the youth and was working one of her sharp
nailed fingers into Tabitha's asshole, searching for that magic button that all
men had.

	Despite being choked and finger fucked Tabitha was doing fine; Mark's
cock was doing what it should as far as the prostitute was concerned. Even that
long finger working on the youth's prostate was acceptable, it only made that
straining penis harder and more painful which was the  price one paid for having
too much sexual equipment. It would be so much better when that large piece of
male meat attached to the trannie's shapely female body was gone. Then Tabitha's
world was turned upside down! What was that entering inch by slow painful inch?
It was hard and unyielding, and felt almost as if it belonged to a male, but how
could that be? The only male was in front of Tabitha, attempting to make his
entire cock disappear down the young whore's throat before there was no more air
left to fill its heaving lungs.

	For longer than Tabitha could believe, these two took turns humiliating
and hurting the young transsexual. First Mark would choke fuck Tabitha until she
passed out. All the time that was going on, Claudia would be widening and
deepening her victim's anal passageway with her trusty dildo. Then the two would
switch and Tabitha's mouth would be filled with the dildo and whatever it had
picked up from her colon while Mark's stiff prong plunged and played deep within
his prey's bowels.

	When the couple tired of that activity, they opted to see if they could
manage a double anal assault on the youthful prostitute. To accomplish this they
turned Tabitha over onto her back and raised her legs that were held wide by the
spreader bar. It took a number of failures before Mark managed to maneuver
himself under Tabitha at just the right angle to embed his hard cock into the
trannie's asshole. Then it was his wife's turn to position herself and then her
dildo so that she could jam it inch by slow inch into the space available.
Tabitha had never been stretched to this point before and feared that something,
possibly her sphincter, would give way causing agonizing and even permanent
damage. Somehow Tabitha's body stayed whole and after acknowledging that they
had indeed doubled fucked the trannie's asshole, the Wendall's declared victory
and decided to take a breather.

	A breather for them still meant a great strain on Tabitha. Mark amused
himself by stroking Tabitha's swollen cock and squeezing the prostitute's
bloated balls while Claudia sat on Tabitha's face and had her lick her
perfexctly smooth pubic mound, guiding her from one sweet spot to the next with
the firm grip she had on Tabitha's longish hair. Next Claudia swiveled round and
presented her firm bottom for the transsexual to kiss and lick, moving her
tongue closer and  closer to that winking brown eye located between Claudia's
smooth firm cheeks. She bent forward so she could use her long nails to rake the
youth's throbbing cock from its base to tip. "I'll bet you'd love to shoot a
nice big load of man juice all over your belly wouldn't you?" Claudia teased the
frantic trannie. Darling why don't you fuck this tramp up the ass some more
while I try to make the poor dear give me a demonstration of just how badly it
wants to come."

	The couple exchanged knowing grins as Mark rolled a thick walled condom
onto his cock after Tabitha had sucked it until it was rock hard. Her husband
then slathered his sheathed member with a special ointment that would make
Tabitha believe that her rectal area as well as her colon had caught fire. He
began to work his thick length of well protected flesh into his victim's well
stretched anus. It didn't take long for the first sensation to get the
transsexual's attention. Mark smiled an evil smile and shifted his hips so he
could drive another few inches of his hard weapon into the prostitute's rectum.

	Tabitha began to screech as the ointment coated more and more of her
tender tunnel, burning away the mucus membrane that offered the only protection
for the sensitive tube. Now it was Claudia's turn to shift herself so that her
round ass stiffled Tabitha's howling. "Hush you little trollop, do you want to
wake the neighbors? If you do, I'll invite them over to help us ruin that
sloppy, loose asshole of yours." Her husband smirked and wedged still more of
his meat into Tabitha's flaming asshole. Meanwhile Claudia was bouncing her body
up and down on Tabitha's face, driving the air from her lungs with every
landing.

	Mark continued to saw away inside Tabitha's burning, seething asshole
while his wife once again centered her anus to the trannie's mouth for more
attention. So while Tabitha felt as if she were in the process of dying, the
husband and wife leaned towards each other and exchanged a passionate kiss. This
finally triggered off Mark and he spurted his cum into the condom and filled it
to its limit and a bit beyond. Then Claudia carefully peeled the slimy sheath
from her husband's angry, hard cock and then proceeded to feed it to Tabitha, a
drop or so at a time. Tabitha was eager to swallow every drop of Mark's cum,
that was her purpose as far as she was concerned. Claudia on the other hand
wanted to make this activity as humiliating as possible in the interest of
further damaging the transsexual's fragile psyche.

	She took to rubbing her husband's semen onto her breasts and making
Tabitha strain to lick it from them. She thought this was great fun and so she
applied more of his cum to her flat stomach and laughed uproariously as Tabitha
stretched her neck to its limit and stuck her tongue out as far as she could,
and still was unable to reach her goal. Claudia thought this was great fun and
continued to tease the trannie until every last drop had been licked up and
swallowed greedily by Tabitha. Claudia even went so far as to turn the condom
inside out and make Tabitha take it into her mouth to get the last traces from
it, even though she risked burning the inside of her mouth and her tongue from
making inadvertent contact with the ointment that still remained.

	They took another break to discuss what to do to their helpless visitor
before sending her packing. "I think it only fair that our helpmate enjoy a nice
complete orgasm as well, don't you think?" Mark laughed and reminded his wife
that to the best of his knowledge she had yet to enjoy her own orgasm. Claudia
grinned and reached into the nightstand by their bed and withdrew a sleek
metallic looking vibrator. She held it up for Mark and Tabitha to see.

	"Mark, you are so correct, and I thank you for being concerned about my
pleasure as well as your own. That's why we have such a good relationship. I was
planning on letting Tabitha use this to bring me off." Then she looked over to
the trannie and smiled coldly.

	"I want you to hold this in your teeth and use it to fuck me. Be sure
that you make every stroke slow and deep. You shall be punished if you don't get
me off in a reasonable length of time. I don't think you will want to suffer
what will be a most severe punishment if you fail to satisfy my wishes."

	It took Tabitha almost an hour to finally bring Claudia Wendall to a
rather satisfying orgasm. The poor dear's neck felt as if it were supporting a
thousand pound load and her shoulders ached from the stress of supporting her
neck and head as she held the buzzing tool in her teeth and slowly pushed it
deep into Caudia's ripe cunt and then strained to pull it free from her
suctioning grip. As if this wasn't bad enough, Mark worked his middle finger
into Tabitha's butthole and located the transsexual's prostate. For the rest of
the lengthy process that at  long last yielded an orgasm for his wife, he
tormented Tabitha by constantly stimulating the sensitive lump of nerve endings.
Mark was surprised to discover the ring of pre-cum that  had formed beneath
Tabitha's body,and when he pointed it out to his wife she was quick to command
poor Tabitha to get busy and suck the pre-cum from their sheets to avoid leaving
some kind of a stain.

	The grand finale involved Caludia working the silver bullet vibrator in
and out of Tabitha's twitching asshole while Mark teased the trannie's swollen
and very sore cock with short, powerful strokes that made his wife's eyes
sparkle as she watched the procedure and enjoyed the moaning that seemed to
continuously come fromTabitha. The cock ring had done an excellent job of
frustrating any ejaculation that they might have tried to make Tabitha produce.
Now it was still the major obstacle to any hope of the trannie delivering
anything resembling an  ejaculation. Claudia finally relented, more out of
boredom than consideration for the trannie's discomfort, and allowed the cock
ring to be opened. Tabitha 's eyes rolled back into her head and she passed out
from the pain that resulted once blood circulation was restored to her sex
organ. That evening there was no ejaculation produced by Tabitha. The poor thing
was sent home in pain, utterly humiliated by her clients.


				( To be continued)












 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-05-12T23:27:00Z
  2007-05-12T23:27:00Z
  4
  1436
  8187
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  68
  19
  9604
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






  Growing Up Insane - Chapter 6

&nbsp;

 Tabitha's new owner was not unaware of
what he possessed, and when he surveyed the damage to the tranny's body and
psyche after her first encounter with the Wendalls, he decided that this type
of business activity was not the way to sustain this phenomenon for any
significant period. This in turn translated to an income that did not even
maintain his prize, let alone provide profit. He searched around his circle of
friends and acquaintances for ideas and one in particular greatly appealed to
him.

&nbsp;

 It took a few weeks of negotiating over
the phone to various European connections from England to Turkey and everywhere
in between before he settled upon an Italian organization that was seeking a
unique type of transsexual to star in a series of professionally shot films.
There would be six in all and they were all of the cutting edge variety. Each
would be shot on location in a number of European countries with an
international cast of transsexuals and porn stars from all over the world.

&nbsp;

 Money for the project was coming from a
single backer, a wealthy financier who had a great interest in the subject of
transsexuals. Although he was heterosexual himself, his eldest son, who would
also be featured in this epic group of films, was not. Since they were
seriously thinking of Tabitha for the starring role in each, their backer
naturally wished to meet &quot;her&quot; in person. A week later Tabitha and
her owner/agent took a flight to Italy to meet this mysterious backer.

&nbsp;

 Tabitha caught the eyes of plenty of men
and a few women as well at the airport and later on the plane. Of interest one
of the cabin crew, a very beautiful brunette with a superb body, seemed to
penetrate Tabitha's disguise after serving them lunch. She made more contact
than could be considered normal, and even managed to corner Tabitha by the restrooms. Her owner noticed that his
meal ticket was shaking and on the verge of tears after that experience. He
waited for the proper moment and then asked her what had caused her to become
agitated. Tabitha confessed that the stewardess knew what she was and had even
propositioned her.

&nbsp;

 He thought it might be amusing if Tabitha
allowed the woman to take advantage of her knowledge, so he arranged for the
two to meet that evening while most of the passengers were sleeping. He had the
gorgeous tranny wear nothing beneath her dress to make it easier for the
stewardess to have her way with her. They met in the rear galley, which was
curtained off. The woman wasted no time raising
Tabitha's dress to get at her long limber cock. He gave them a few
minutes to become completely involved before he sauntered back to the restrooms
and then took a quick detour into the galley to check on their progress. 

&nbsp;

 The brunette was on her knees, naked to
the waist, revealing an impressive set of tits. Tabitha's dress was rolled up
past her waist and her slowly hardening cock was sliding between the brunette's
big tits. Every few passes the stewardess would suck the head of that growng cock
and keep it glistening with her saliva. She became aware of his presence, but
that didn't stop her activities. He couldn't resist joining the fun.

&nbsp;

 Soon he had Tabitha's balls cupped in one
hand while he stroked her cock to full hardness with the other, as the woman
continued to minister to the thick hard length of hot flesh. Tabitha's eyes
were closed and she was pumping her pelvis to make her cock slid deeper into
the woman's warm, wet mouth. She moved her head away so she could speak to the
tranny's owner.

&nbsp;

 &quot;Stick your finger up her ass. That
should get her hot enough to cum if we work as a team.&quot;

&nbsp;

 He smiled down at her and nodded, moving
the hand cupping Tabitha's balls to allow him to insert one and then two
fingers deep into her tight asshole. He found her shrunken prostate and began
to swirl his fingertips around the wrinkled ball of fibrous flesh. After a few
minutes the tranny began to gasp for breath and her pelvic thrusting had
increased greatly. He tightened his grip on the transsexual's balls, while she
gulped down most of his cock, slobbering all over it.

&nbsp;

 Their efforts were richly rewarded when
Tabitha shuddered and jammed her cock completely into the brunette's mouth and
down her throat as she gagged and struggled to accommodate it. Her ejaculation
was brief and the amount of watery seminal fluid that she spurted was much less
than what a normal male might produce. Naturally all the female hormones that
were injected and ingested daily had a great deal to do with this condition. Still
the stewardess was thrilled by Tabitha's reaction to her teasing and
persistence. Then as if nothing had happened, the trio parted company and went
back to what they had been doing before this little tryst had taken place.

&nbsp;

 The remaining portion of the flight was
uneventful and soon they were landing in Rome. Tabitha never saw the stewardess
again, which was just as well for all concerned. Clearing customs they were
transported by private limousine to the financier's villa located outside of
the city. After a short nap and a snack, Tabitha and her owner were introduced
to the backer of this ambitious series of films in which she would be the main
character, appearing in all six films. Her supporting cast would feature some
of the most beautiful transsexuals in the world as well as a number of famous
porn stars from a number of countries including America. Tabitha's costar was
to be the financier's transsexual son, who would play the part of her chief
antagonist.

&nbsp;

 Presentations were made by the directors
chosen to do the various films, the head of the script writers who would
fashion the dialogue and the story line that would extend over a fifteen year
period in the main character's life, the chief cinematographer, and the
composer who had been commissioned to write the musical score. An eleborate
story board was shown to them, starting with Tabitha as a male trapped in an
unhappy marriage who senses that he is a she in all but physical characeristics.

&nbsp;

 Then it continued as Tabitha spirals down
to the depths, undergoing all sorts of trials and tribulations in its quest for completion. It concluded
with Tabitha triumphant for a time, and then brought low by the duplicity of
her chief antagonist who betrays her into the hands of a fiend who utterly destroys
the beautiful creature. Tabitha was in tears by the end of the presentation
while her owner could barely contain himself at the prospects that lay before
him. Then came the hard part of the interview.

&nbsp;

 It would be necessary for Tabitha to
undergo a series of surgical procedures that restored her to a fully functional
he once more. This would also mean hormone therapy to allow Timothy to reappear
in all his tattered glory. This did not sit well with Tabitha, but she was
mollified somewhat when the backer claimed that
Carver Cleaver had graciously agreed, for a gigantic fee, to perform all
the surgery that would be required during the making of the entire six films.
This led to the next obstacle, the sex and violence, which was plentiful and as
hard edged as it could possibly be without actually maiming or killing
Tabitha/Timothy.

&nbsp;

 She or he would be gang raped repeatedly
by men, women and animals. All manner of tortures, beatings, humiliations and
the like would occur in almost every film. Tabitha would be in bondage and
subjected to all sorts of disciplines by dominatrices and masters in their
various and sundry torture chambers and dungeons. She would suffer at the hands
of fiendish Japanese gangsters, middle
Eastern religious fantatics, and dope merchants, as well as the American CIA
and the worldwide Mafia organization that extended from one continent to the
other. She would even encounter the secret side of the major Western religions,
all eager to break her will and restore her to &quot;normalicy&quot;.

&nbsp;

 The wear and tear on her spectacular body
and fragile anima and persona would require the services of more than just
Carver Cleaver, and so a battery of
pyschiatrists and other specialists had been put on retainer for this very
purpose. It was imperative that Tabitha be able to perform at the highest
levels in all of the films or the entire project would be jeopardized.

&nbsp;

 Finally there was the matter of how
compatible Tabitha and her antgonist would be during the filming of their
scenes which were extensive. Rudolpho or Silvana as she now wished to be
called, was much more dominant and had a superior support system set up by her
father many years ago when he had to admit defeat and allow his only son to
complete the transition from male to female. Silvana was an almost fully functional female post op, the best
money could build and maintain. Compared to her, Tabitha was a mere work in
progress.

&nbsp;

 In their initial scenes it was necessary
that they make passionate love matching Silvana and the then Timothy. Gradually
as the films progress, the relationship between the two is torn asunder and
they become enemies, representing the two sides of the transsexual being. This
would prove to be a sticking point for a time. It was suggested that Tabitha and
Silvana take some time to be together and discover if they could coexist
peacefully under these rather trying circumstances. To this end the pair
retired to another villa located in the Apennines, where they could commune
with nature and learn as much as was needed about each other in order to
coexist and make the dream of Silvana's father become a reality.

&nbsp;

 ( To be continued - jethro
jodhpur ) 













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Growing Up Insane - Chapter 7



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fortunately for Tabitha, Silvana spoke fairly good English. They were able to make small talk as the chauffer drove them to their destination in the lower portion of the mountains that ran up the spine of Italy. The young tranny was a bit in awe of this creature that sat opposite "her" in the back of the well appointed limousine, sipping on a glass of champagne, and taking in not only the view from the widows of the auto but her companion as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha guessed her to be perhaps ten years older than herself, but absolutely did not look it. Certain remarks made by her father had offered enough information to assume that was her age.&nbsp; At Silvana's suggestion, they were traveling light, only some casual clothing to go with what they wore. Tabitha was uncomfortable over the pre-op's insistence that they take no more. This struck her as a kind of overture to something "she" was not ready to enter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without warning Silvana got down to brass tacks. She smiled at Tabitha over the rim of her glass and remarked, "When I was your age I was as confused about who I was as you probably are today. I wonder what I might have done if given the opportunity that you have."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha was shocked into silence. Shouldn't this type of discussion be held in private rather than in the presence of the chauffer? Silvana picked up on her discomfort and shook a well manicured finger in her direction. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Silvio has been with us for thirty years. There are very few family secrets that he does not know and yet no one has ever heard him speak so much as one word about any of them. Please forgive me, I forgot that there are many, many things about us you have no knowledge. He was my closest confidant when those strange urges began to take control of me. Being a homosexual, he was able to convince me that I was not of his kind. This allowed me to overcome my fear and begin to realize that I was a woman in a man's body. It took many years for me to escape that shell and then convert it into what you see before you."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha had to blink back the tears that started to form. Silvana looked away, allowing the gorgeous changling to have some privacy. The rest of the trip was uneventful, and soon they were at the entrance to the cozy villa surrounded by spectacular vistas. Once the limousine had disappeared down the winding road that led back to civilization, it sank into Tabitha that she and this lovely "female" were alone, isolated from the rest of the world and able to be free and open if she had the courage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha was no match for the wiles of Silvana. The poor tranny had no experience in dealing with one of his/her kind who had successfully made the transition. Add to that the additional years spent understanding what it meant to make the transition and then to live out this new life as well. Then there was the matter of Silvana's wealthy background and her acceptance by her father for what she had been and now was. Tabitha was putty in her long-nailed, perfectly manicured hands. In a matter of hours after they were alone in the villa, Silvana had seduced the youth and bent the tranny to her will.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana surveyed the helpless captive, bound spread-eagle fashion to the large bed, wrists and ankles locked securely into the manacles at the corners. Tabitha was stark naked and unable to speak due to the o-ring gag. This situation was not new to Tabitha, but never had her opponent been so dominant as well as attractive. Part of the tranny was eager to experience whatever Silvana had planned, while the more passive side was merely frightened. Silvana began to disrobe slowly to tease her captive as step by step her spectacular female body was revealed to the frustrated tranny. Tabitha was at cross purposes. On the one hand this marvelous body was the goal that she desired, yet on the other this same body also desired a fully functional male to tend to its needs, something that Tabitha was loathe to contemplate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha strained against the bonds to no avail. Silvana had now revealed all and it was indeed what the helpless tranny desired, a perfectly formed vulva featuring thick labia and peeking from the top of the slit what looked very much like a portion of a clitoris. The tranny could only make inarticulate sounds rather than words, as a result of the o-ring gag. Now this gorgeous woman was leaning forward and her delicate hand had reached out and grasped Tabitha's shame, that unruly length of flesh that made the youth feel as if he/she was revealing a stigma. Silvana stroked Tabitha's cock leisurely, acting for all the world as if it was nothing more than a piece of meat being prepared for the oven. The youth was torn between enjoying and rejecting this teasing assault from that knowing hand. When Silvana's tongue entered the fray, licking around the bulbous head and even poking into the slit of that fat prong, Tabitha groaned, bringing a smile from his challenger.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Relax my&nbsp; pretty one and enjoy what I'm doing. I know you're still under the influence of all the different drugs your owner has been pumping into your body. You may think you can't deliver, but I know better. I have something special in my bag that is guaranteed to make that reluctant dragon I hold in my hand erupt, not once, but many times. I'm going to drain you dry and then after a nice rest while you worship my perfect cunt and perpetually tight asshole, you'll deliver more of your watery spunk and this time I'll make you lick it from my fingers, and I know by then you'll be eager to taste what I have brought up from your straining balls. If you're a good little tranny I'll even let you give me a tongue bath while you're resting up for still another round of fun."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha's eyes grew large when the youth's assailant produced a hypodermic needle of fearsome dimensions and filled it with a greenish solution. The blonde smiled and squirted a few drops into the air to make sure that it functioned properly. The tranny became agitated and struggled fruitlessly against the bonds holding her in this vulnerable position. Silvana grasped Tabitha's scrotum and gave it a hard squeeze as she prepared to inject this fluid into the youth's groin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't be foolish enough to struggle, it might cause me to miss my target and then I'll have to do it all over again and this time it won't be gentle. Now hold still and let me do this properly so it won't hurt you.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she spoke to calm her victim, she very carefully slid the tip of the hypodermic needle beneath the skin and started injecting the solution into the surrounding area, in much the same way a dentist numbs a patient before a procedure. Tabitha did her best to comply with the "female's" instructions, and discovered that there was hardly any type of discomfort. In fact the way Silvana was gently squeezing the youth's scrotum was most pleasureable. By the time three injections were completed, Tabitha felt a rush of heat in the area of the shots. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana smiled and continued to gently massage the youth's scrotum and then its cock, which had begun to grow both in length and girth, much to the blonde's delight. She reloaded the hypo with a different type of solution, one nearly transparent and this time she whispered for Tabitha to steel herself for some pain, since there would be numerous injections going directly into her penis. Now her grip on Tabitha's scrotum increased as she prepared to give the youth a series of shots. Tabitha yelped and tears ran down her cheeks as one puncture led to another and to another still, moving slowly down the length of his twitching penis until the last injection was driven into the base of his hard cock, completing this phase of the treatment. The helpless tranny was nearly hysterical from the sight almost as much as the pain itself when Silvana finished.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In her brief career as a prostitute, Tabitha had received more blowjobs than she could recall, but none could hold a candle to the one that the blonde beauty provided once the hypodermic was put away for the moment. This was more of a reward than anything else, but Tabitha was in such a state that her mind was barely functioning. To Silvana this sequence of suction and licking was also a measure of the degree that the blood flow to the youth's cock had been increased. The solution had dilated the blood vessels feeding to the tranny's sex organ, and the change in its dimensions was strictly due to the widening of the usually constricted paths that the blood took to reach the tranny's cock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been years since Tabitha's cock had been both this hard and this large at the same time. She thought back to a time when she had been turned over to a group of hardcore homosexuals for an entire weekend in a house located well outside the city. At the time she was still wrestling with her sexuality, going back and forth by the day it seemed. She recalled being stretched and tied over a large drum on her belly for hours on end as they took turns sodomizing her and forcing Tabitha to suck each and every cock that had been up her tight asshole. She lost count of time and how many men used her anus before she was placed on her back and retied to the drum so they could abuse her penis and testicles while they rested and regained their strength from the first lengthy round of what was to turn out to be a nonstop gangbang that lasted for more than two nights and days.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha remembered vividly being masturbated for hours on end, shooting her sperm all over her heaving belly and often up onto her chest, much to the delight of her assailants. She remembered having her testicles captured in strong male hands and squeezed until she felt as if they would burst from the terrible pressure. Worse still was when one of them would torment her testicles while a pair took turns stroking her&nbsp;&nbsp; semi-hard cock to force another few drops of cum from her churning gonads. Then there were the injections, given with no concern for how much pain they caused her. She remembered with horror the lancing pain as they drove the hypodermic needle into her testicles bringing screams of sheer terror and agony from the youthful tranny.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She lost track of time totally when they gave her a huge enema and plugged her rectum for what seemed like an eternity while they took turns masturbating her to completion, even though her shrunken testicles were no longer capable of generating sperm or even a hint of seminal fluid. Then there were flashes of memory such as when they forced her to drink what felt like a gallon of piss, causing her belly to expand to the point that they joked she was pregnant with twins. She remembered vomiting from having her stomach punched repeatedly by a group of her tormentors. She recalled being untied and rertied to the drum more than once so they could do terrible things to her anus, such as forcing a large rubber bulb into it and then taking turns pumping it up until she was positive one more squeeze would rupture her colon, killing her in agonizing fashion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Silvana who brought her back from the nightmare she was reliving. This blonde "woman" had somehow brought the tranny to the verge of an ejaculation, something she had not experienced in many weeks. "How can this be?" thought the helpless tranny. Almost as if her captor could read minds she replied.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For many weeks your owner has been readjusting the hormones you receive. Now the amount of testosterone is significantly greater than the estrogen you normally ingest orally as well as by injection. This was done in order to make sure that you would be able to meet the schedule for the films. If you were not able to be a convincing male by a certain date, the team of professionals already required for that time period would have to be disbanded, thus jeopardizing the entire project. It is a small price for you to pay, don't you think?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana leaned forward, opened her mouth and began licking the head of Tabitha's cock, swirling it around and even pressing the tip of it against the tranny's piss slit. Meanwhile her hands were busy fondling and teasing Tabitha's churning testicles, come back to life against her owner's will. Tabitha was horrified at the way she was reacting to the other one's attentions. How could another person, who was exactly what Tabitha was aspiring to become, cause such reactions in her? Yet it was on the verge of happening. She was being seduced and to her great dismay, enjoying the process. Seconds after this thought crossed her consciousness, her cock began spurting into Silvana's mouth , nearly gagging her with its force and the amount of fluid that issued from the young female wannabe.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - jethro jodhpur ) 









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Growing Up Insane - Chapter 8





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Poor Tabitha was being totally outclassed and out maneuvered by her more experienced partner. Indeed she was nothing more than putty in Silvana's well-manicured hands. Silvana was what Tabitha aspired to be. Perhaps it might be best if Tabitha merely surrendered to this lovely creature and became the student, if this paragon would have this acolyte. Tabitha felt ashamed about the length of hard flesh that was still disappearing and reappearing from Silvana's mouth, sliding like a snake between the transsexual's carmined lips. The blonde tranny smiled and kissed the tip of Tabitha's straining cock. She leaned forward and whispered, making Tabitha even more uncomfortable.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" A most impressive discharge after so long; I am pleased. We shall have so much fun for the next day or so. I'll do things that will make you salivate and pant like a dog, but I'll not let your needs supersede my own. You have no idea of your real powers, but I'll give you some hints along the way. Now for the moment just relax and think about what you and I are going to be doing to each other. Naturally I'll take the lead, but I expect you to pull your weight as well."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost against her will Tabitha groaned aloud and its cock that embarrassment she carried, had the nerve to stiffen and actually twitch with excitement at the prospect that lay before her. Once more the blonde goddess caught her off guard, the sharp teeth nipping at the twitching shaft. She moved quickly like a huntress and Tabitha's throbbing cock was her prey. The thick, hard erection was the perfect foil for those little sharp teeth that never seemed to rest. Then as sudden as the initial attack, Silvana moved to another area and launched a new foray that took the tranny's breath away. Her warm, wet mouth enveloped his scrotum, greedily suctioning his churning testicles almost like a vacuum pump. The sensation was unique despite the fact that Tabitha's balls had been sucked by experts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana played Tabitha's body like it was a musical instrument, bringing the young tranny closer and closer to another ejaculation. She licked, she sucked, she kissed, she scratched, she nibbled and finally she bit down hard, nearly breaking the skin and bringing a gasp from her prey. Tabitha teetered on the edge for what seemed like an eternity, then abruptly the teasing ceased to be replaced by her silvery laugh as she ran those long, perfectly groomed fingernails up and down his twitching, throbbing cock, aching for release. Once more she whispered and Tabitha fell into almost a hypnotic trance as Silvana probed the young tranny's prior life in the other world, where creatures like themselves were almost not allowed to exist.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" My father is a very thorough man. He had private investigators look into your background before deciding that you were the one to star in this epic. We were both delighted at what they unearthed. Care to tell me of your early years before I tell you? " 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha gasped, her face ashen. Strangely enough the erection that was so troubling to her, had if anything, become thicker and harder. It was a tuning fork that had just been struck to give the orchestra the proper key. Silvana was amused to the point that she resumed sucking that big sign of manliness attached to the changeling wannabe. Tabitha began thrusting her hips, driving its hard prong deeper and deeper into Silvana's throat, choking the gorgeous blonde. Rather then strangle or have to swallow a load of the tranny's watery, salty cum, she pulled her head from it and sat back on her knees and let Tabitha thrash and relive the agonies of the tranny's early life when mother was his mistress, his ideal and ultimately his downfall. Silvana could not wait to witness this segment of Tabitha's life on the silver screen. She sighed, settled down and began to tell the tranny what she was told by the private detectives.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Your mother had you when she was sixteen. To keep you she became a prostitute, a very successful one at that. She did an excellent job of concealing her occupation until you were probably thirteen. At that age you were curious like most boys about the mystery of sex. Who better to teach you than your mother who by then had expanded her business to include offbeat clients, all eager to pay outrageous sums of money to be dominated and humiliated by her. It didn't take you too long to begin spying on your mother and her clients. The more you saw the more confused you became. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" The tender, loving woman who raised and gave you almost everything a child could want seemed to disappear once she was in her room with a man. It made no sense to you when you observed them through the hole you had drilled in the wall. They would be naked and groveling, sometimes restrained as well. His dear mother would be wearing scanty leather garments and high-heeled boots as she wielded her whip or tawse on the client. In some meetings the client would be allowed to lick his mother's boots. In a few rare cases once the client was soundly thrashed she might manipulate his hard cock with her gloved hand until he ejaculated. Then she would make him kneel on the floor and lick up every drop as she whipped and called him names. You were mystified by this strange behavior and the role your mother played."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" You weren't as clever as you thought and one afternoon with the cooperation of her client, your mother caught you in the act. Not only were you spying, you were also masturbating and the evidence was on the floor at your feet. To make matters worse, the client wasn't a client, but a love interest of your mother. You were totally humiliated, but things got much worse. Care to finish the story, or shall I? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tabitha was trapped and had no recourse but to complete the story as she remembered it. Silvana sat there idly playing with the tranny's stiff cock as Tabitha told her story as she remembered it.&nbsp; They marched him into that special room and gave him the first of many treatments that would determine what he would become. That first time he was stripped naked and hung by his wrists from a hook in the ceiling. His mother, still a tremendously beautiful woman, stripped down to her leather panties, exposing her big, firm, bare breasts that caused him to develop yet another erection. Meanwhile her male companion spread his legs wide and attached manacles to his ankles so they could be attached to the rings sunk into the floor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took turns whipping him with a number of implements stored here. The worst was when they took turns caning his buttocks. To his amazement and despair he ejaculated without any assistance while his beautiful mother was caning him. This was not the worst thing that happened to him that afternoon. His mother rubbed his limp cock against her leather-covered cunt, and he quickly developed another erection. She retrieved a rubber hose from her toy box, as she called it, and proceeded to beat her son's rigid cock with precise blows that covered every inch of his throbbing meat. He would never forget her voice as she suggested to her companion that he "corn hole" Timothy to teach him a lesson. He had to watch as his mother knelt in front of the man who had a huge cock, and sucked it noisily until it was fully erect.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Initially the pain was intense, but with time his asshole began to relax and the huge cock bored smoothly past his tight sphincter and entered his colon. The man's hands were busy pinching the youth's nipples that grew harder as the big, thick member went deeper, slow inch by slow inch. Now to add fuel to the fire his mother knelt in front of him and captured his hardening cock inside her warm, wet mouth and began suctioning it vigorously. All the stimulation made the youth's head spin. He could remember his mother laughing every so often as she let his stiff cock pop from her mouth so she could catch her breath and enjoy the sight of her companion's cock boring deeper and deeper into her son's virgin asshole. He couldn't remember how long that huge engine worked away inside his loosening bunghole, but between that and his mother's mouth he shot off once more and it was quite an amount of salty cum that splattered against his mother's face and tits before running down to her shaved cunt mouth. He was astonished at her nudity; so busy was he focusing on what his bowel was feeling. This marked the end of his first lesson and the first step on the path to becoming a transsexual.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy, still masculine but unsure of himself, became his mother's companion and sex slave. She withdrew him from school for home instruction. The courses he now studied would slowly warp his less than mature personality. His mother was delighted to now know that her son was peeping from a hole in the wall of her special room while she dominated and humiliated her male clients. After her session she would ask him to join her for extra training. She taught him the fine art of eating pussy, her perfect pussy, as she would always remind him. Timothy learned quickly and graduated to more advanced subjects always involving the treatment of women. Now she introduced him to her circle of female friends, who were delighted to accelerate his education. He ate shaved pussies, he ate hairy pussies, he ate pussies with tufted hair around the mouth, he ate Mohawks, and he rimmed, kissed and sucked assholes. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then he did feet, dainty ones to feet that must have been taken from some large animal, and every kind in between. He locked and sucked toes and discovered the interesting material between them. His tongue and mouth seemed always to be busy on soles that usually hadn't been washed for days. Then it was time to memorize the erogenous zones on each and every member who passed through his mother's home. The reaction to his attention varied from woman to woman. Some were quite happy with his services, others not at all. Such was his life for a time. Then the one who had originally taken his virgin ass came back into his mother's life and he quickly learned there was a great deal more to learn about his mother's sexuality as well as his own.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana realized that the young tranny had reached its limit for the moment and so she called a halt to this mammoth confession. To relax her visitor and make him/her more amenable to what would follow, the blonde transsexual began teasing the youth's cock until it was hard as steel and throbbing like an engine in neutral gear. Now there was no more teasing, it was time for Tabitha to use that hard length of swollen flesh to satisfy Silvana's needs. She quickly mounted the tranny and slipped his hard cock into her man-made cunt. Tabitha's eyes grew large, as for the first time their flesh was joined as one. The blonde leaned forward and slipped her tongue into the youth's mouth while she began to pump her hips rhythmically to start the dance. 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Growing Up Insane - Chapter 09





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a wistful and at the same time exhausted Timothy who left the villa in the company of a smirking Silvana. Their little tryst had produced a significant advantage to his companion, one that she would use to her advantage in the future.&nbsp; She seemed to have everything that the conflicted transsexual in waiting aspired to become. The extended bouts of lovemaking would be difficult to ever forget. Even there she had an extra advantage, being aware that Timothy's handler was dosing him with drugs designed to increase his masculinity. The youth had lost count of the number of times he made love to his new, most demanding mistress, or was it mentor? His only escape seemed to be sleep, but even that was denied to him if Silvana wanted him one more time, or even another time after that. He was astonished about his capability to respond to Silvana's gargantuan needs or was it more like whims?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy was physically stronger, but Silvana was the wiser of the two and knew how to blunt or divert his power. It didn't help his cause to be in bondage nearly around the clock. She only allowed him time to go to the bathroom in her presence, which proved to be difficult for a time, and to take an occasional shower after one of their lengthy sex sessions that always left his prong limp and sore. It was as if she was searching for his limits, almost dispassionately, like some scientist studying a specimen. It did not help his cause that he was under the spell of this attractive wise creature who knew what she wanted and most of the time what he wanted as well. Silvana seemed to glory in her ability to utterly frustrate and exhaust her conflicted subject.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She would lie between his spread thighs and lick and suck his tight scrotum until he was certain that one more caress from the snake-like tongue would send him over the edge, but it never did. She was always able to read his body, its tenseness, the way he breathed, the pulse in his neck, and naturally the stiffness and amount of precum that dribbled from the tip of his throbbing sex organ. She loved to lick up his precum like a cat with a bowl of cream. When it seemed that one more pass of her knowing tongue would create an explosion of hot, sticky, salty cum shooting up from his churning testicles, she'd nip the tip of his quivering dick and then quickly move down the shaft, leaving a trail of small bites in her wake.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Other times she'd be more aggressive, mounting him as if he were a stallion, capturing his cock inside her faux cunt that wrapped around it like a warm, wet blanket. Once properly seated, she dig her knees into his ribs and urge him to begin fucking her with every bit of strength he possessed. He would thrust upwards into that beacon of hope for him while she looked down, her face slack, eyes glazed as he pounded that damp region mercilessly as she urged him on to even greater exertions. It never dawned on poor Timothy that Silvana always used a special cream before she had sex with him. It not only soothed her insides, it acted to reduce his sensitivity and thus extend his ability to satisfy her. He never realized for a moment that her orgasms were manufactured in her mind and played out as if she were on a stage and he the audience.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The meek-mannered transsexual would fuck her until he was exhausted, but she never showed any reaction to his best efforts, a source of great frustration to him. She'd swing her lithe body so the entrance to her sweaty tunnel, created by the best surgeons in the world, was glued to his mouth. He'd be ordered to tongue fuck her until she was ready for another ride and this time he had better deliver the goods. This back and forth activity often lasted for hours with Timothy growing more and more aggravated over the fact he was unable to deliver the goods. She had the nasty habit of dismounting only seconds before his cannon, as she was wont to describe his sex organ, was ready to discharge. Once Silvana had the youth reduced to a state of insecurity, she would move to the next portion of this little dance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy's cock would be sucked without any regard for his part in the act. Even when he finally managed to ejaculate, she turned her head and directed his spurts onto his heaving chest and stomach. Then came the insinuations about his mother. Did she suck him to conclusion? Did she swallow every drop of his offering? Did she make him lick the cum from her fingers after she scooped the glistening globs from his belly and stiff nipples as well? Did he beg her to let him suck her pussy or was he bolder, demanding that she present her tight cunt for him to begin fucking, even though as he spoke his cock was shrinking? Those remarks and the way Silvana expressed them, all the time jacking his still hard prong to keep it in readiness, all but destroyed whatever was left of his confidence. Timothy was beginning to become the sexy siren's blowup doll.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sucking would resume and soon the youth's prong was throbbing and giving every sign of another delivery, as his sex partner slobbered all over it. This time one hand would grasp the twitching staff and the other playfully slap it from side to side, keeping a firm grip on the base. All the while she would treat him as if he were some unruly child who had dared to disobey her rule about having erections in her presence. At the first sign that his prick was beginning to lose its stiffness, back into her mouth it went for a refresher. After a number of cycles his cock was beginning to hurt, but she ignored his discomfort and continued to suck him until he loosed another salvo of cum that arced onto his chest, much to her delight. The drugs his handler was giving him were having a strong positive response on his masculinity as advertised. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was time for another ride in the park at a gallop, once she got him erect. After a little nibbling, kissing, a stream of insults concerning his manliness and some forceful sucking, his cock was hardening. Silvana grinned down at her helpless partner and guided his hard length into her warm, wet cunt once more loaded with the cream. He began a mindless pumping action and she cupped her firm faux tits and made obscene suggestions about what was going to happen to him if he failed to satisfy her this time. Her words moved him to another gear and she smiled and listened to the slick gooey sounds he was creating in her surgically created pussy. Timothy nearly had a heart attack, so great were Silvana's demands on his exhausted body. The cream did its insidious work and he had to admit defeat, unable to provide even so much as a drop of cum. His mistress was not pleased and so he was marched, hands cuffed behind his back, to the bathroom for punishment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was pushed into the stall and told to stand at attention while he received a shower. He stood there trembling from the chill as the frigid water cascaded off his bare body. Silvana stood outside watching the water beat down on the youth. She tapped to get his attention and then proceeded to give him a show as she played with her artificial pussy. By the time she allowed him to exit the shower his entire body was nearly blue and his cock looked like a baby's fist in size and appearance. Silvana sat on the toilet seat and spread her thighs so he could begin licking and tonguing her cunt. As he focused his attention to his task she released the contents of her bladder into the youth's face, totally humiliating him. She was pleased that her kneeling slave made no effort to avoid the deluge she splattered all over his wet, chilled body. Back into the stall he went for a second ablution that made his teeth chatter and his testicles become the size of marbles.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana amused herself by making him do some exercises, still wet from the icy shower. Finally she showed him some mercy by releasing his hands so he could use a towel to dry his bare, trembling body. Once more he was made to march ahead of her toward the bedroom for more sex. Timothy was too traumatized to offer any resistance as she fastened his wrists and ankles to the corners of the large bed that by now stunk of sweat and semen. This time she settled her cunt onto his face while her mouth found his shrunken genitals and began reviving them with her expert teasing. It didn't take long before Timothy was once more erect.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They remained locked in the sixty-nine position for nearly an hour and he regained his excitement for her smooth, nearly perfect body. She enjoyed the way his tongue moved around like a bee seeking nectar from a flower.&nbsp; Occasionally she would grind her pussy up and down his face and enjoy his reaction, which grew more and more ardent with time. She licked and kissed his balls back to their normal size and teased them with her teeth, nipping them playfully. Then she took first one and then the other into her wet mouth and sucked them with practiced skill. She compared Timothy to her various male lovers and placed him highly for his stamina and enthusiasm. With more experience he had the potential to become an ardent lover. It was too bad that he wanted to return to the other side of the street. That reminded her of the few female lovers she had taken over the past year, and smiled to herself at how she reacted to their ardor and technique.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two that remained in mind were Anna, a woman in her forties, full-bodied and extremely knowledgeable. She pierced Silvana's disguise, good as it was, and proceeded to ravish her on their first tryst. On their second meeting, some few days later, Anna introduced Silvana to her young son and his girlfriend who was also Anna's lover. The son was very well hung and had been obviously trained by his mother in the fine arts associated with sex done properly at the highest levels. He did everything but turn Silvana inside out, pounding her unmercifully as she shouted for him to go faster and harder. To her utter amazement he did, and she was brought to the gates of either heaven or hell, not caring as long as that magnificent prick continued to slam into her yielding body. All the time this was witnessed and even evaluated by Anna who discussed certain points with this young girl no older than perhaps fourteen with a still forming body and the face of a young Madonna.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next time she visited Anna, the older woman introduced her to bondage. For the rest of that day and well into the night Anna, her son and the lovely young girl took her places she didn't know existed and brought her back for some earthly pleasuring.&nbsp; She learned that pain could be pleasure if introduced properly. Anna proved that by whipping Silvana's false breasts and pussy until the regions glowed and sent sparks throughout her body. She was at first forced and then developed a taste for certain unmentionable activities that she performed with the trio. She made numerous visits that left her with the realization that the mind was the more powerful of the two when compared to the body, no matter how attractive.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other lover was a young Eurasian woman barely out of her teens who had the audacity to seduce Silvana and force her to become her slave. No matter how Silvana struggled she was unable to break the bonds that this lovely goddess formed with her. Lai Ling was a user of flesh, consuming and then disposing of it so she could find another source of energy to suck dry. The uneven relationship lasted for months but the steady bouts of unbelievable sex coupled with violence, humiliation and utter degradation soon wore her down to the nub. Their final tryst was a nightmare featuring a gang of degenerates being given power over her body, to do with her whatever they wished. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To this day she remembers little of what did occur to her, only an occasional flashback of something or other that was too terrible to face for more than seconds. When the last of them had his way with her, leaving one of her faux breasts detached from her chest after it had been slashed to ribbons, flayed, soaked in some flammable fluid and ignited, she was on the verge of death. Her young mistress was kind enough to have her unconscious body dropped off in front of a local hospital well known for its outstanding surgeons. They rebuilt Silvana into a creature even more beautiful than its predecessor. There are times when Silvana imagines herself back with Lai Ling in a more benign relationship, until reality intrudes and she remembers bits and pieces of that final evening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana returned to reality and Timothy. He had to be punished for his inability to adequately satisfy her needs as often as she wished. Although nature had deprived her of a genuine female orgasm, her imagination was almost always able to generate something in her mind that came very close to what she lacked. Timothy had still not been able to connect properly with her, and so he must learn the hard way. She moved her body into another position that made it possible to stimulate his prostate. No matter what he thought, the youth was masculine as long as that little sensitive ball of flesh resided within his body. As these thoughts ran through her mind her middle finger began probing for that male hot button. It didn't take long for her to locate it. Now the fun would begin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With one hand she stroked Timothy's rigid cock while the long nail on her middle finger began to tease and torment her lover. She began licking his nipples until they were rock hard. His breathing became ragged and he shifted his body to try to escape the feeling that ran from his prostate to his cock. Silvana became more demanding as her hand stroked his cock even harder and the pressure she applied to his swelling prostate began to drive him towards an ejaculation. He started to pump his hips mindlessly as if forcing the semen to rise from his pulsating balls. She smiled and watched his cock throb and twitch until the first blast erupted into the air and arced over to land on his heaving chest. The first explosion was quickly followed by another and another, each one adding to the coating of glistening semen on his chest. Silvana slipped her middle finger from his tight asshole and made him suck it dry. Then she scooped up his hot cum and fed it to him until there was none to be had.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Returning to his cock, which was still oozing a slight trickle of cum, she sucked it dry and held the salty fluid in her mouth as she moved back to his face. She kissed the youth on the lips, catching him by surprise and let the slimy mess enter his mouth as she pulled away with a knowing grin. Silvana returned to his cock and began the arduous task of once again hardening it to a state that would be useful for her needs. She played crack the whip with the limp length of flesh as Timothy winced from the pain. After a time his cock began to show some signs of recovery, but not enough for her needs. She finally gave up her efforts and resorted to a mechanical aid, a bullet vibrator designed to be anchored deep within the male's anus so it could make contact with the prostate. Once in place a band of sticky material could be slipped over the body of the vibrator to keep it locked into this position, no matter how much the helpless transsexual in training moved or tried to expel it. Satisfied that it was in contact with Timothy's prostate and operating properly, she mounted his face and glued her artificial pussy to his mouth and pumped away as he tongue fucked her like a crazy man. Her imagination worked well and she trembled and shuddered as a thrill of power overtook her bare body. For a brief moment she thought of fucking the youth to death, knowing full well that she could get away with this awful crime.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She let that dark moment pass and went back to punishing her youthful lover. While she waited patiently for the vibrator to do its work, she presented her bottom for Timothy to worship with his tongue and lips. Silvana enjoyed his efforts as she watched the youth's cock begin to harden and grow in length.&nbsp; She laughed and teased her victim as slowly his prong reached full size. Now she shifted her attack to include her long fingernails that ran up and down the length of Timothy's twitching rod of hard flesh. Now he was primed and ready; all it took was a little push for him to explode and shower himself with his latest offering. Silvana moved to a more comfortable position and began rotating the vibrator while she sucked his balls. She moved from one to the other, teasing him to his limit and perhaps beyond. He screamed and thrust his body against the bonds that held him to the bed as his cock spit out a watery solution that arced weakly onto his heaving belly. He may have thought he was finished, but Silvana had other ideas. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rebuilt woman had a field day collecting the evidence of her mastery and forced the youth to acknowledge her power by sucking her fingers clean. She adjusted the vibrator to another setting, the noise level from the buzzing tool now more insistent, almost as if it had a mind of its own and was determined to wring another few drops from him by battering his throbbing prostate to send a message to his depleted testicles to churn out a few more drops of semen for Silvana to enjoy. Rather than play with her sex slave this time, she left the room to shower and relieve herself before returning to the sweaty, stinking bed upon which her defeated rival was waiting for his next dose of humiliation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To Timothy it must have seemed like hours before Silvana returned. She was wearing a robe that hid her body and carried a carafe. When she asked if he was thirsty, Timothy brightened considerably, thinking that the carafe contained water. By then he should have realized that Silvana was only toying with him, and this was just another method of teasing him. She settled down beside her helpless lover and stroked his cock, gauging if he was ready to sustain another erection.&nbsp; The buzzing tool had done wonders for his condition, but there remained some work from he before he could take another session of lovemaking, if that was what they were doing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy was focused on the carafe and Silvana smiled at the trick she was about to play on him. She made him swear on his mother's cunt and tits that he would down every drop of the contents of the container.&nbsp; He nodded with such enthusiasm that she nearly decided not to torment him further, but her dominant side exhorted her to carry out this last trick before finishing him off for this session. She smiled evilly and took a glass from the pocket of her robe and made a production of filling it from the carafe. Poor Timothy's eyes got wider and he sniffed the air to confirm his fear that it was just another terrible joke she was playing on him. Silvana was offering him her urine to drink, and she expected him to honor his promise. He was too frightened to refuse this offering, knowing that she had him at her mercy and could do any number of horrible things to him if he reneged.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To the amazement of Silvana and her lover, Timothy's cock began to grow longer, thicker and harder as he downed one glass then another of her fresh warm piss. She grew excited and after he finished the carafe, she was on him like a tigress. His stiff shaft was stuffed into her fake pussy and she began riding him at a furious pace, her eyes almost glassy as she concentrated on the way his cock felt within her well-toned body. Naturally her steed was unable to expend that level of energy for more than a minute or two before he was exhausted. His failure to get her off led to more punishment.&nbsp; It took some effort, but she was able to recuff him so his wrists and ankles were joined together at the top portion of the bed, leaving his bottom totally exposed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy had no inkling of what she planned until she retrieved a dildo from one of the cabinets and strapped it onto her hips. His eyes grew large as she smeared some type of lubricant onto the top half of the hard rubber sex toy. She remembered where and why she bought it, and inwardly smiled at the recollection. She let him know that he could scream and yell all he wanted, she was in command and he was going to get every inch of her equalizer before she was finished with him. Silvana meant what she said and proceeded to prove it. First she pulled the vibrator from his anus and made him take most of it into his mouth, warning him that failure to hold it there would lead only to much more punishment than what she had planned for him. At first Timothy tried his best to ignore the discomfort, but after a few inches had been inserted and moved from side to side to widen his channel, he gasped with each movement. She grinned and pushed hard, making her toy go better than six inches deep. She announced that he had another nine inches to go and he began to blubber like a big baby. In his other life Timothy had often taken twelve, thick, man-inches without too much difficulty, but this hard rubber didn't have much give to it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana had a wiry body, a legacy from the days when she was conflicted about her sexuality. This allowed her to ram that big piece of hard rubber deep into her love slave's tight asshole as he moaned and whimpered like a little boy being chastised by his mother. She took a break with over twelve inches buried inside Timothy who acted like he was in shock. She pinched his nipples that had hardened considerably since she began sodomizing him. He still was a little pussy as far as she was concerned. She made a mental note to make sure that he was pumped full of as much testosterone as was humanly possible. Who knows, perhaps his cock might grow longer and even thicker? That would be fun she thought as she imagined what she might do to such a member. She pulled the still buzzing vibrator from his mouth and substituted her tongue for a time. From there it was his tongue that she sucked greedily as he whimpered and moaned. Another thought passed through her mind. Perhaps after the movies were made they might turn him over to her to do with as she wished. That would be a great deal of fun as she had many creative ideas for what might be done to one such as he. However for the moment there still remained a few inches available that his asshole had not swallowed yet. She took a deep breath and went back to work opening his tight asshole and making sure every inch of her sex toy found a warm wet place to fill.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Growing Up Insane - Chapter 10


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For most of the next six weeks Timothy was prepare for his first role in the multi movie extravaganza. He was to play himself as a teenager, which meant he had to lose weight and become much more masculine. The amount of testosterone that was pumped into his body was extraordinary, but necessary for him to be believable in the role he was playing. A week before the cameras began rolling, he encountered Silvana and was immediately recaptured by her looks and personality, not to mention the time they had at her villa in the mountains. She wasted no time seducing the youth and for the next few days she ravaged his body with her demands and warped his mind with her promises of a future involving them once the epic film was completed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was two days before shooting started and Timothy was stretched out on Silvana's bed, wrists and ankles manacled to the corners. She was making the most of their last time together for perhaps weeks. She had been draining him constantly using her wiles, drugs and many of her toys. He looked haggard from the lack of sleep, her demands and the various drugs she gave him. Little did he know that this was the idea of the director and Silvana was only too happy to carry it out for him. The blonde changeling had one more surprise to spring on her helpless victim and she was about to introduce her to him.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the past two hours Timothy had been tormented to his limit over and over by his beautiful opponent. She knew just how long to tease him and just when to stop and leave him hanging. It helped that his scrotum and balls had been independently tied with thin twisted bare wire to the point that he could feel nothing beneath his stiff length of throbbing meat. His prong was controlled by a cockring at the base and a thin strip of wet rawhide tied just below the head of his dick that as it dried went deeper and deeper into the flesh. She had raked his cock with her sharp fingernails, leaving a trail of scratches in their wake. She had pushed the tips of those same fingernails into the slit in the head of his dick and watched his reaction. She had fed him her moist cunt, urging him to bring her to an orgasm, but backing away the moment his efforts began to influence her mind. She rode him as if he were an animal, with his hard prong buried in her fake twat. No matter what she did, it was not possible for Timothy to find release. Now she was adding something to the stew, another woman, or was it?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slim youth's cock became harder, if such a situation could occur, when he set eyes on this woman. She was dark haired and very well built with large tits that certainly needed no support. Except for a leather bikini brief, she was naked.&nbsp; It was her face that transfixed the helpless transsexual wannabe. She looked like a younger version of his perfect mistress, his mother. In point of fact she had been deliberately chosen for just that characteristic by the director with the assistance of Silvana. At about that time the special drug that Silvana had made him take some four hours ago kicked into life and he began to hallucinate. Silvana smiled and slowly released the fetters that prevented him from following through on his urges. Now however his attention was focused on the dark-haired woman, his "mother". Silvana was too smart to allow him to be free of the manacles that still controlled him, but at her signal the buxom brunette took her place on the bed and began to bring her teenaged "son" to the first of an extraordinary number of ejaculations.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What happened to Timothy was very real at the time. It was his dear mother sucking his cock and greedily swallowing every drop and then insisting that he provide more of that salty fluid for her to sample. As Silvana watched and marveled at his ability, he came three times without losing his erection. His mother's big firm tits were covered with glistening globules of his cum. She refused to allow him to rest, insisting that he regain his stiffness so she could ride him and enjoy his hard cock in her dripping cunt. It was here that Silvana returned to the picture, using one of her buzzing toys to stimulate his prostate until his spent cock returned to full hardness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The moment Timothy's cock sank into the brunette's wet pussy his cock started to throb. He still was not ready to ejaculate, which allowed him to build up a good head of steam. When his "mother" began sucking his tongue, everything grew very bright. His prong swelled and he began mindlessly thrusting up into her tight cunt. She rode him as if he were some steed, controlling his thrusting by her own movements that were deliberately out of synch with his. When he shifted his body to gain an advantage, she countered with a move of her own. It was a struggle that neither wished to lose. He was on the verge of a monster blast and she deflected it by the simple act of dismounting, leaving his cock thrusting blindly into space.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silvana took over and presented her cunt for some serious sucking and tonguing. Meanwhile his "mother" relaxed and toyed with his throbbing member, but not enough to set him off. Once more they switched around and this time Silvana sucked his cock to its limit while the brunette fed him her big tits to suckle. Timothy was being driven crazy by all this teasing, but they were implacable about preventing him from ejaculating. Now it was Silvana slow jacking his cock into the brunette's mouth so she could lick and kiss it. The youth tried to pump his hips to enhance his chances to get off, but Silvana was too quick for him. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then when he was on the brink of despair, Silvana mounted his face and his "mother" fed his cock into her dripping cunt. She made no attempt to ride him, demanding that he do all the work. With the weight of both on his body, it was slow going and every stroke he delivered required some serious exertion on his part. Silvana didn't help matters by shifting her weight so his face was mashed against her pubic mound, making it difficult to draw a deep breath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the brunette began to slowly move her pussy up and down the length of his buried shaft, Timothy husbanded his strength and made one final effort to reach his goal. Silvana had decided that he was at his limit and so she assisted him by moving her body to allow him plenty of air. He picked up the pace and his "mother" matched his stokes with moves of her own to further enhance his excitement, if such could be possible. Still they did not make it easy for him. The brunette would suddenly stop moving, changing the rhythm that Timothy had developed. Silvana would shift her weight and smother him for a time. The brunette actually dismounted for a time and let his thrusting cock move in and out of her fist as he gasped and groaned in frustration. Then at long last she mounted him and rode the youth to a climax with short powerful moves that sent him over the edge.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy got no rest. The brunette moved quickly to sit on his face and make sure he sucked every drop of his previous offering from her well-worn cunt. Meanwhile Silvana had already slipped another little toy into his asshole and easily found his swollen prostate. While it buzzed and vibrated, she jacked his cock with practiced skill and licked the angry head until it glistened. The other woman shifted her body so she could suck the youth's cock while he ate her pussy. Silvana just smiled and continued to feed his hardening prong into the brunette's waiting mouth. She expected more from her "son" and he did not disappoint her. By the time she took her leave, Timothy was exhausted and fell fast asleep moments after she was gone. Silvana let him rest, knowing what lay ahead for him the day after tomorrow.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the makeup artist worked on his body, especially his cock, sucking it with practiced skill to make sure it would function properly, the first scene of the film was being staged. The lights and audio were checked, the cameras made ready and most of the actors were in place. All waited for the arrival of Timothy. It was Silvana that came to escort him to the stage, promising a delightful romp on her new bed once the scene was shot to the director's satisfaction. She teased him about wasting too much cum on retakes, saying that she wanted an opportunity to drain him dry before tomorrow's scene. She knew that he had so much testosterone in his system that he could make love to an army of Amazons and still be able to function. Timothy knew it as well since during his sleep he had two wet dreams, one featuring Silvana, the other his mother.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The scene was a reenactment of one of the pivotal points in the tranny's youth. He was in a closet watching his mother and what proved to be her lover and not a customer. He was beating off slowly to keep his pending ejaculation at bay as if it were an animal. His mother was on her knees, head bobbing with practiced skill as she sucked the huge cock of the man who had a fistful of her long dark hair. The script called for the youth to ejaculate and cry out as he did to alert his mother and her lover of his presence. The director was a stickler for details and this meant numerous retakes and three ejaculations from Timothy, before he was satisfied and the crew began setting up for the next scene. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here he would be confronted by the pair, his mother especially infuriated by his deceit. She decides to teach her son a lesson, one he will never forget. Unlike the actual confrontation this one emphasizes sex and domination, with only minor physical punishment. His mother uses some of her bondage gear and dons a leather bra and panties plus boots. Timothy's hands are cuffed behind his back and the lover lands a few brutal punches to his stomach that drives him to his knees. His mother dominates him by unzipping her panties and forcing the youth to suck and lick her clean shaven pussy while she guides him from one area to another, her breath growing shallow and harsh as he brings her closer and closer to an orgasm. She is saved from losing control by her lover who suggests that the youth needs to be sodomized to make sure he will not repeat this sick activity again. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time the director was satisfied, it was time to break for lunch. However Timothy had to remain and be fluffed to make sure he would be capable of performing as needed during the continuation of this scene. The middle-aged woman charged with this responsibility managed to swallow two huge loads of his hot cum before she was satisfied that he was in the proper condition to perform. During that embarrassing period Silvana watched and made obscene suggestions to the woman about what else she should do to the youth to make sure he could deliver on cue.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That afternoon they shoot the scene where Timothy is brutally sodomized by his mother's lover while he is forced to continue eating her dripping pussy as his virgin asshole is skewered. In this setting his mother is seated on a chaise lounge, thighs parted as her teenage son kneels before her, his head held tightly by her as she directs him to all of her sweet spots. Meanwhile her lover is lubricating his large cock and running it up and down the cleft between Timothy's tightened cheeks. He encounters some difficulties in getting hard and the brunette suggests that he use her son's mouth. Now both partners are seated side by side, while a still kneeling Timothy sucks the man's cock and his mother licks her lover's nipples and gently fondles his balls that begin to tighten from the youth's mouth and her kisses and caressing. To his mother's surprise, she observes her son's cock becoming hard, perhaps a sign of his sexual preference.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Timothy is back to work eating his mother's dripping cunt while her lover begins to enter the youth's virgin asshole with his rock hard cock. It's slow going but he gets halfway inside before his victim lets out a groan of pain mixed with growing sexual excitement. He smiles and backs out until only the head of his prong is keeping the youth's asshole from closing up. Using both hands he slaps the cheeks of his prey to distract the teenager, then drives his stiff shaft deep inside, bringing a loud gasp from the youth. He is so fixated on what is happening within his yielding rectum that he stops providing any stimulation to his mother, which angers her. In a rage she grabs his ears and twists them cruelly, all the while urging him to resume pleasuring her. This ad-libbing makes the director smile.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man delivers no more than half dozen firm strokes to the youth's asshole before Timothy's cock twitches and deposits a substantial amount of cum onto the floor. This unexpected result throws off the timing of the lover who pulls out, then forces the youth to his feet. Before Timothy can protect himself the man's knee catches him squarely in the testicles. The youth collapses to the floor choking and weeping as the pain rockets through his body. The director calls for a break so the rest of the scene can be rewritten to include this extemporary activity. Timothy is examined and declared more frightened than physically harmed. One of the female assistants is put to work making sure the young teenager can demonstrate an erection, but one under a little more control. All the while Silvana hovers over him like a bird of prey, making sure that the tranny wannabe can still function She alerts him that she has some plans for the youth this evening after the filming is finished for the day.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more the cameras roll and Timothy's sore asshole is reamed out mercilessly as he licks his mother's cunt and sucks her clit to bring her close to an orgasm. She urges her lover to pick up the pace and really make her sissy boy child beg for relief. Gradually Timothy's cock once more hardens and begins to twitch, a sure sign of an impending ejaculation. This time she reaches down and wraps her hand around his throbbing member, urging him to fill her hand with his hot cum. She waits and watches as her lover's well-muscled belly smacks loudly against the teenager's cheeks with every powerful stroke he delivers. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Suddenly he pulls out of Timothy's asshole with a loud liquid sound and spurts his juice all over the teenager's face as his mother laughs at the sight. Then the youth floods his mother's hand with his offering as well. The camera moves in for a close up as Timothy licks up the cum from his mother's hand and then accepts her lover's effort as well as she scoops it from his glistening face and makes him lick up every drop she presents to him. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The director is ecstatic over the way his scene has developed and announces he is satisfied. He receives a round of applause from the cast as well as the technicians that supported the scene. Silvana now swoops and steals Timothy away for a night of revelry; keeping him from knowing what new obstacles he will face tomorrow in the next scene shot by another director. He has planned two scenes, one with the mother and son, the other a full-blown orgy featuring the protagonist facing a group of his mother's friends who have their own ideas on what he should learn about love and lust.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





