BDSM Library - Keira's Offer




Keira's Offer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Written from the point of view of the father, this story explores his relationship and growing BDSM intrest with his thirteen year old daughter, Keira.Keira's Offer  
By Silence  
 Please do not copy this story without telling me. I don't mind you posting
  it, just let me know first, ok?  
 Please do not allow minors to read this story. It would be very harmful
  and I don't want that to happen. This is a piece of fiction and I'd like it
  to stay that way.  
 Please feel free to write to me concerning what you think of this story.
  I would love to hear feedback as things progress.  
 I couldn't help but wonder how I had allowed things to go this far. It had
  been two years since my daughter Kiera had introduced me to one of the best
  and worst times of my life. I was nearing forty and had been raising my girl
  alone for the last four years since the tragic death of my wife. In that time
  I hadn't seen any other women, instead concentrating on bringing up my girl
  and trying to do the job of both parents. My wife and I had enjoyed a healthy
  sex life and despite her death and my refusal to see anybody new, I had kept
  remnants of that life around. I suppose, given the circumstances I should have
  taken better care to keep such things hidden away. We had made a true investment
  in our lifestyle with my dominant side more than willing to mesh with her submissive
  side. For years the big black box remained hidden in my closet, nearly forgotten
  about.  
 It wasn't until I returned home late one night and discovered that the box
  lay open that I thought about how important it might have been to lock it.
  I quickly finished removing my tie from work and bent to inspect the inventory.
  Certainly things were missing and my mind whirled at the thought of who might
  have ransacked my toys. I crept down the hall to my fourteen-year-old daughter's
  door. Why she hadn't come out to greet me made hadn't bothered me before, but
  now I thought I knew why.  
 I knocked on her door and got no immediate response. "Kiera?" I called through
  the door before opening it. Inside what I saw would shock me and eventually
  would change my life. Sitting on her bed, dressed in a light tank top and shorts,
  both white and making her look far more innocent than her surroundings was
  my daughter. Around the bed and indeed even on the floor of the room were all
  manner of items taken from my toy box. She was looking at me, shocked and seemingly
  embarrassed, but not nearly with the shame and panic I expected. Instead, her
  blue eyes were filled with curiosity.  
 "What are you doing in here?" I asked with genuine shock. It was indecent
  for my daughter to even see these things, much less be touching them and possibly
  even experimenting with them.  
 "I was just&hellip;. Looking" she said with innocence that seemed appropriate.
  But I noted in her voice something more. There was a curiosity that immediately
  signaled danger to me. My heart began to race as she lifted up a silver set
  of nipple clamps and held them out to me. "What are these?"  
 It was a shocking question and one for which I had no immediate answer.
  I sputtered and stammered and stalled. How to tell her? Should I tell her?
  Should I&hellip;. show her? My mind reeled with that thought. Before her lay
  many toys and books and even pictures, mostly of her own mother. She knew what
  she was asking, didn't she? My expression hardened a little and I looked down
  at her.  
 "You know exactly what those are, don't you?" I said with the voice of an
  overbearing father. She nodded, silent with a small smile on her face. "You
  know that you're going to have to be punished for going through my things,
  right?" Again, she nodded. I could hardly contain my own nervousness as I asked
  her my next question. "And you know that I'm going to use some of this on you
  in order to teach you your lesson, right?" Another nod and another skip of
  my heart accompanied it.  
 "I want you to use all of it." Her voice was so soft and so sweet that I
  could hardly believe the sinful offer that she placed before me. I didn't know
  what had prompted her to offer herself to me so. Even so, I felt as though
  I could not refuse her desire to experiment.  
I offered her my hand and she took it as I pulled
  her from the bed and let her to my room. Inside was my expansive bed. I led
  her to it and wordlessly laid her upon it. I placed a finger over her lips
  and bade her to be quiet as I arranged the evening's events. I knew I wanted
  the silence so that I could think clearly and so my resolve would not shatter
  at the sound of her voice. I positioned her as I desired, arms high above her
  and legs parted wide below. As she lay like that I pulled from my box of toys
  the restraints that would hold her as I desired.  
Soft leather encircled her wrists and ankles in
  turn and braided nylon rope pulled each band toward the end of the bed it was
  attached to. In minutes she was pulled taut on the bed, her flat stomach exposed
  by the cut of her tank top. Her small breasts strained her thin shirt and I
  was tempted to remove her clothing then and there, but I urged myself to start
  slow. I sat beside her and stroked a hand along her cheek as she tested the
  strength and mobility of her bonds. "Is this what you wanted my darling?"  
She looked at me for a brief moment and then closed
  her eyes, rubbing her cheek against my hand as I caressed her. "Oh yes&hellip; I
  think so&hellip; I want you to do to me all those things I saw you do to mom
  in those pictures." I smiled down at her as she spoke those words. She had
  always wanted to be like my wife, even to the point of picking up on some of
  her duties around the house after her death. Now, she wanted to do even more,
  but how much more I was sure she didn't fully understand. I patted her cheek
  and kissed her on the forehead.  
"I know, my girl. I'll show you everything you
  want to know, all in good time. Now, be a good girl and open up wide." I waited
  for her to do so before revealing my choice in gags to her. It was a dildo-style
  gag that slid into her mouth deeply, more deeply than she expected by the look
  in her eyes. It kept her tongue pressed down and her jaws wide open and as
  I strapped it around her head I watched her come to some understanding that
  what I would eventually do to her, she wouldn't be able to resist.  
 I left her like that for a while with a kiss on her gagged lips as a goodbye
  present. I heard her protest quietly as I walked away, leaving her to adjust
  to her range of movement and helplessness. I took the time to return to her
  room to look over the things she had taken to get a feel for what most interested
  her. The pictures she had stolen were of my wife and I looked over them longingly,
  studying them to see what it was that attracted her to those photos. Once I
  gathered my ideas I picked up the toys she seemed to have preferred.  
 I returned to my room, looking her over. My arms were full of the toys she
  had taken and I decided that on this night I would use only one on her. A small
  leather flogger had been in her selection and I could think of nothing better
  to punish her with. I set everything else aside and began to trail the tails
  of the flogger up her open thighs and over her shorts. The look in her eyes
  told me that she knew I was going to use it on her, but the expression on her
  face when the sharp sting of the first blow fell on her right thigh was priceless.
  Her eyes widened and she squirmed under the repeated attention of the flogger
  as it turned her creamy white thighs into reddened and punished flesh. Her
  muffled cries were musical to me. My heart fluttered with the sight and sound
  of her trying to avoid the flogger and yet being unable to. It was a beautiful
  sight and one that I enjoyed for nearly twenty minutes, applying the flogger
  to her thighs, stomach, arms and chest. Her clothing protected her most sensitive
  parts, but the punishment got through to her on the level I wanted.  
 She was panting when I removed the gag from her mouth and unbound her. I
  noticed the extreme excitement had soaked through her shorts and as she rolled
  onto her stomach I gave her a small swat on the rear. "Now, go to your room
  and think about what you've done, and about what you want done tomorrow."  
PART 2  
 I awoke the next morning, glad that it was Saturday. For once on the weekend
  I was up early and I went about my routine uninterrupted by Keira. She seemed
  to be using the morning to sleep in and rest from what I am sure was a stressful
  night. I sat in the dinning room, looking out at our expansive back yard, past
  the pool and toward the high fence around it. I was sure that anything I might
  choose to do later would be safe from the view of my neighbors. However, what
  I had planned for today would be mostly indoors.  
 When Keira awoke and came downstairs it was well after eleven in the morning.
  Part of that time I assumed was due to the long shower I had heard her take
  and the apparent care she had taken in preparing herself for the day. She looked
  stunning and far more like my future pet than my fourteen-year-old daughter,
  although she was both. She was wearing a short red sundress that I remembered
  having purchased for her without ever having seen her wear it. It was amazing
  on her, low cut enough to provide even her modest breasts with some cleavage
  and short enough on her legs that I could see some of her tempting thighs.
  Her black hair was pulled back into a ponytail and well away from her neck.
  She wore a little make-up in the form of blush and lipstick that matched the
  dress almost perfectly. She stood in front of the window and the sunlight shone
  through the thin dress, outlining her youthful body as I watched. She approached
  and took up a seat across the table from me.  
 "Good morning" I said to her with a soft smile, wondering if her preparations
  indicated that she was eager to continue what had started the night before.  
 "Good morning daddy&hellip; " She said in a soft and nearly regretful way.
  I wondered about that as I spoke to her, asking her about what she thought
  about the night's punishment and what she had planned for today. Our conversation
  was long and varied. In it I learned that she loved what had happened to her,
  yet she wanted more. I quickly learned through the course of our talk that
  she had quite a number of ideas she wanted to try. There were things that sounded
  so deliciously wicked that I nearly forgot who I was speaking to.  
 More than an hour later a few things had been decided. Keira wanted to learn
  to be my pet, my slave of sorts. She desired the restraint that she had felt
  the night before and because of that we determined that she would be bound
  in some form or another at all times. Her clothing, when allowed, would be
  chosen by me. She knew that our play would involve sexuality and she was nervous
  about that, but adamant that I should be allowed to do as I pleased.  
 We began that day with me choosing her new outfit for the rest of the day.
  She knelt on the soft carpet of the living room and when I returned she was
  nude, having only had her sundress on in the first place. I circled her and
  inspected her kneeling form. She was a childlike goddess in my eyes. She was
  curvy without having lost all the indications of her youth. Her shaved sex
  lent both to her sensuality and young appearance. I was very pleased.  
 I crouched behind her and pulled her arms back, securing them in a long
  leather sleeve that I laced up past her elbows. The shiny black leather wrapped
  about her shoulders and held her arms straight and close together, thrusting
  her small breast forward. I attached leather cuffs to her ankles, but left
  them free for the moment simply so I could lock her legs to something later
  with minimal effort. I slipped a thin metal collar about her neck and locked
  it shut with a small brass padlock.  
I used a thin chain as a delicate leash and lifted
  her to her feet. I led Keira to the basement and helped her down the steps
  into the cool air of the family room we had downstairs. Nearly finished, the
  basement had carpet and paneling on the walls. What it lacked was a true ceiling,
  so I-beams still formed the overhead view. I hooked a rope to the end of my
  daughter's arm-binder and looped it over a beam above us. After several tugs
  of the rope her arms were well in the air and she was bent far forward to prevent
  too much strain on them. I noted with satisfaction how excited she seemed to
  be and when I crouched to lock a long spreader bar to her ankles I allowed
  my gaze to linger upon her perfect sex. I reached a finger up and stroked the
  length of her slit, finding her wet and eager for my touch based on how her
  hips thrust back toward me.  
I stood and marveled at how she looked, bent severely
  forward and open to anything I might wish to do to her. I asked if she was
  quite happy with her position and she nodded, saying nothing despite the lack
  of a gag. I lifted the flogger from the night before and stood before her.
  She lifted her eyes as much as she could to watch me, but due to her flexibility
  she was quite bent over and could not see more than my knees. She was surprised
  by the first strike of the flogger on her back. She cried out, unmuffled by
  a gag and so I was able to hear each lovely sound as I painted red marks all
  along her back, rear and thighs.  
I circled her as she hung there, squirming and
  panting after long minutes. I stood behind her and reached down, stroking her
  between her legs until she moaned loudly at the attention I was giving her
  by stroking her soft and silky pussy lips. When I sensed her enjoyment rising
  and heard her start to plead with me I stopped and without a pause struck her
  between the legs with the leather thongs of the flogger. Again and again I
  struck and she writhed and wiggled, unable to escape it. My hand soon returned
  and calmed her by stroking her again, slipping up and down her wet slit.  
Time and time again I repeated this cycle. Soon
  she was begging me for any release. I rewarded her with a long pinch to her
  tiny clit and a series of slaps to her rear to encourage her to move. When
  she came it was to both the pleasure and the pain that I brought to her and
  that was exactly what I wanted to encourage in her.  
She slumped in her bonds, exhausted and I unbound
  her, taking her upstairs naked and curled against me. I held her on my lap
  as I sat in the living room, comforting her as she rested. Soon enough I would
  make use of the control I exerted over her in order to meet my own needs.  
After her nap I kissed her on the forehead and
  held her close, unbound and undressed, just my little girl in her natural state.
  I wanted to speak to her now that she'd had a more serious experience.  
"Keira, what did you think of what has happened
  last night and today? I tied you up, I punished and hurt you, and I stripped
  you naked and made you feel humiliated and helpless. Is that what you want?" I
  looked at her as I saw her young face mull these questions. They were big issues
  and I didn't really expect her to fully comprehend all that had happened.  
"I&hellip; I really did like it." She spoke softly,
  leaving me with the impression that she wanted to say more. I waited patiently
  and stroked her hair, allowing her all the time to think that she wanted. "I
  liked everything&hellip; especially being tied up." She giggled at me, pressing
  her cheek to my chest. "I liked how you touched me and even how you punished
  me. I liked not being able to decide if I felt good or not. It was very exciting."  
I listened to her, pleased that she liked what
  had happened. She hadn't gone very far yet, but she had done very well. "Keira,
  I'm going to want to do a lot more to you. I'm going to want to keep you tied
  up for a long time, to watch you while you feel pleasure and pain. I'm going
  to want to make you my pet, my little slave girl. Does that scare you?"  
She smiled to me, her arms wrapping around my neck.
  She shook her head and spoke softly but very clearly to me. "No.. it doesn't
  really scare me. I liked what you did and I want to try being your pet.. if
  that's ok."  
It took a lot of self-control for me not to abuse
  the permission she had just given me. I wanted to demand so much of her, but
  I knew that things had to progress at a certain pace. I stroked her hair and
  kissed her cheek. "Well, Keira, I think we should get you ready for bed."  
She smiled to me and I carried her upstairs where
  she slept bound and nude in my bed where I resisted any sexual touch of her
  as I slept.  
Part 3  
Keira and I slept well that night. We awoke early
  and we both prepared for the day to come. I did so by letting her go to shower
  and shave as she was expected to from now on. I dressed for a day out and picked
  her outfit for the day. By the time I was ready to dress her she emerged from
  the shower, dried and wrapped in her towel.  
I reached for her hand and led her to her bed.
  I unwrapped her towel and inspected the job she had done cleaning and grooming
  herself. She was hairless from the neck down as I had wanted and I kissed her
  cheek to reward her for doing such a good job. Her outfit was before her and
  I applied the many layers of it to her young body. Small leather straps closed
  around her body and were tightened, forming a harness that encircled her breasts
  and ran a strap through the lips of her young sex. Each strap met in the back
  and was locked into place, holding her in a sinful hug.  
I led her outside by the pool and placed her on
  one of the long flat chairs where I would often find her tanning. Since it
  was the beginning of summer she had not yet attained a tan so the tan lines
  I had planned for her would be a special way to mark her as mine. I bound her
  ankle and wrist to the chair, spread out under the sun. I spread suntan lotion
  over her unprotected parts and told her I would return to turn her over. She
  smiled to me and closed her eyes, relaxing in the sun.  
I spent the time indoors, watching her through
  the back door and sipping a cool glass of water, planning out what to do with
  her. I thought that today would be a good day to introduce her to some of the
  things she would do for me and to allow her to practice. I went to her time
  to time and turned her over so her tan would be even on all sides. Paying close
  attention to her condition to avoid a burn, I made sure she was comfortable
  and gave her plenty of water to drink. I brought her inside after nearly a
  full morning of sunning and removed her harness. Her tan was forming nicely
  and the lines of the leather straps were clearly pale white marks on her skin.
  I was very happy to see her reaction to the way I had decided to mark her and
  the way she posed for me to show off her new coloration.  
I smiled to her and allowed her some time to relax
  in the air conditioning as I gathered together the toys to use for our next
  game. I outfitted her with white leather cuffs on her wrists and a matching
  white collar. I pulled her arms behind her and locked them in place then ran
  a delicate chain from her collar to the wrists cuffs pulling her wrists up
  to mid-back and keeping her very restrained. I positioned her before my bed,
  kneeling and facing the mattress. I undressed behind her and came to sit on
  the bed before her.  
I reached down and stroked her cheeks. "Keira,
  something that you will have to do as my little slave girl is please me and
  see to my needs. I want you to take your time, but use your mouth to make your
  daddy cum."  
She spent a little time just looking at me, studying
  my cock and its proximity to her. She inched forward, her hands locked behind
  her left her only one way to explore me as I sat and watched her. She reached
  out with her tongue and gently licked my shaft, the sudden touch making it
  twitch and making Keira giggle with the reaction. I smiled to her and watched,
  not pressuring her to do anything else. She began to lick the length of my
  cock and once she seemed comfortable with that she opened her mouth and began
  to wrap her little lips around me, slowly experimenting with what it felt like
  to have me in her mouth. She only took the head of my cock at first but then
  moved lower and eventually took a couple of inches. She removed her head and
  smiled up at me, biting her bottom lip and blushing just a little.  
"How do I get you to&hellip;.to cum?" She looked
  so sweet and innocent and sinful asking me that question, her head next to
  my cock and her arms locked behind her. I told her to put me in her mouth and
  to just bob her head up and down on it until I told her to stop. She responded
  with enthusiastic but unskilled actions. Her head began to move up and down,
  her mouth sucking gently upon me.  
I was enthralled as I watched and felt her obey
  me so. It took a long time before I felt my orgasm approach, but she was eager
  to please and did not pause the entire time. I became a little overwhelmed
  and reached down, taking her hair in my hands and pulling her close. When I
  was on the very edge I pulled her away and without pause came directly on her
  face and chest. She took the messy initiation in star fashion as my cum dripped
  from her cheek and down to her tan-lined breasts.  
I helped her rise to her feet and took her to the
  bathroom to clean her off while praising her for her good behavior. I was very
  happy with her eagerness to please and her ability to deal with the results
  of her action when I made a mess of her face and chest.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Silence


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





