BDSM Library - Penis Cream Therapy




Penis Cream Therapy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A patient is experiencing rapid penis growth.  Special cream needs to be applied to the shaft of his penis by a nurse so the skin can accommodate new growth.Penis-Cream Therapy   
"Good morning Chad," she says with a smile, "I am Nurse Stacy. I'll be performing
  your Penis-Cream Therapy today." She's wearing a professional white lab coat,
  short black skirt, nylons, and high-heels. Chad is clearly nervous, intimated
  by her beauty, and stammers: "Good morning Nurse Stacy." She smirks to herself,
  catching his brief but predictable glance at her large breasts. They press
  provocatively against a semi-transparent dress shirt and separate the unbuttoned
  front-V of her lab-coat with authority. She makes a point of wearing lacy push-up
  bras (black for contrast) for this procedure - she enjoys making men squirm!
  Her heels click cleanly on the floor as she takes a few steps and indicates
  a bed in the middle of the room: "Please lay on your back so we can get started." She
  gives it a few pats with her palm.  
After Chad mounts the bench and lies on his back Nurse Stacy begins to unfasten
  his pants. "Have you removed all your pubic hair Chad?" It's clearly an unnecessary
  question [she'll have a clear view in a moment!] but she enjoys the added embarrassment
  when the patient needs to verbalizes it. "Yes," he finally says with a small
  voice. She finishes unbuttoning and unzipping his pants and takes hold of them
  at either sides of his hips. "Lift your hips please..." she says calmly before
  pulling his pants/underwear down together with a smooth, practiced motion.  
His large, shaved penis springs free semi-erect. Below are his large testicles
  hanging heavily with a week of pent up sperm. "Whew, your quite hung!" She
  carefully lifts his testicles and hefts them in her palm. "You've got a very
  large pair of balls Chad..." She rolls them around her palm with her fingers. "I've
  only seen bigger once..." she teases, "on a bull, at the Vet." Making a noose
  with her thumb-forefinger she cinches it snug around the neck of his scrotum. "I
  held them like this so she could slip an elastrator band around them..." His
  testicles are now bulging tightly against the bottom of their sack. She enjoys
  the surprise and fear this story gives her patients, "but don't worry Chad,
  I've got other plans for your big balls." She pulls his balls gently: "Hmmm,
  they feel awefully full... Has Chad been a 'good-boy' all week?" She enunciates
  'good-boy' with a girly tone of voice but her meaning was clear - he new he
  was not to ejaculate for a full week. In a small, embarrassed voice, Chad replies: "Yes."  
Wrapping her manicured hands around his erecting shaft she pumps it gently. "I'll
  need a full erection before applying your cream." She leans forward, purposely
  putting her semi-visible breasts on display, and keeps pumping his shaft. She
  begins her soothing talk as it erects fully. "You poor thing..." she stops
  pumping, "your penis is soooo big." One hand holds it steady while her other
  hand smoothes over his tight-skinned shaft. "Your skin is very tight Chad.
  I'm going to enjoy applying your penis-cream - it needs to be pumped with quick
  little jerk, jerk, jerks!"  
She lets go with a giggle and opens a tube of penis-cream. "Here we are," she
  explains in a soothing voice, "lets get it nice and warm..." Putting a healthy
  dollop in her palm, she slowly distributes it with one finger. "When I start
  pumping, most men feel like ejaculating within 3 minutes..." She wraps her
  cream covered hand around his shaft without touching his head. "but I can't
  let you do that." Applying pressure on the underside [side closest to his stomach]
  of his shaft, she watches his head swell. "There we are... When it's nice and
  shiny, the skin on your shaft is stretched tight to best absorb the cream..." Chad's
  penis starts to pulse with pressure. "And here we go..." Her pace is quick
  - smooth rapid jerking, never touching the head.  
"That a boy..." pump, pump, pump... "try not to cum Chad." He can clearly
  see her large breasts moving provocatively in her sexy bra. All too soon he
  feels his cum boiling. "That's perfectly alright Chad, your big penis hasn't
  spit for a whole week... Try and hold it in..." her relentless pumping continues.
  He grunts when he feels the thumb and forefinger of her other hand noose themselves
  around the "neck" of his large, shaved scrotum. "That's OK Chad, I need to
  hold your balls so I can feel when they try to pull..." The pressure in his
  balls increases... "Oh, here it comes..." she giggles, and continues jerking
  rapidly... "And... Stop!" Her hand stops but squeezes his shaft causing his
  head to flare tightly! "Remember, noooooo cumming Chad..." She makes her point
  by tightly cinching her noose-hold above his balls, gently pulling them steadily
  away from his groin. He groans with the frustration and pressure...  
"That didn't take long, did it Chad?" she asks rhetorically. Her hold on
  both his shaft and testicles remains. "Your nuts are way too big..." she says
  judgmentally. "I bet they want to spit out a lot of sperm, don't they Chad?" She
  gently pulls and relaxes her testicle hold rhythmically in a milking-motion. "We
  mustn't let that happen Chad. It'll be alright... Be a good boy, we're almost
  done." She releases his balls and shaft.  
"Your balls are so big and full they need a Choker." Chad remains quiet as
  Nurse Stacy produces a small, pink-jelly cock-ring. "Don't worry Chad, the
  Vet told me it's perfectly safe... just tight enough to keep your big mess
  in your nuts." She stretches it around her hand and slips it over his shaved,
  bloated balls. "Nice and snug..." she giggles and gently squeezes his straining
  testicle lump. "And now for a necklace ..." she says in a quiet voice.  
Producing another cock-ring, Nurse Stacy slips it over his penis-head, leaving
  it to constrict just under the crown. "If any of your cum gets by the Choker,
  this cute little necklace will stop it." The head of his penis quickly fills
  with blood and bulges tightly with a shiny surface. "And now for round two...
  If you start ejaculating this time I'll keep pumping - the penis-cream absorbs
  best during orgasm." Her bulging breasts are so close to his big cock. "Try
  not to let him spurt Chad..." She teasingly shows him a little cup. Carefully
  placing his large shiny head between the pads of her thumb and forefinger she
  squeezes ever-so-slightly - her other fingers on the same hand stretch away
  into the air, giving the impression that she is handling something dirty. "I'll
  hold this big head in my sperm-cup just in case..." Her tone of voice is mocking,
  teasing him for his inability to control the situation.  
"Ready for round two Chad?" she asks playfully. She unbuttons her dress shirt
  teasingly, revealing just enough of her large breasts without fully unveiling
  them - they're pressing tightly into her sexy, black push-up bra... "I know
  you've been peeking..." she giggles. "Remember, be a good boy and hold back
  for as long as you can. The longer you're nice and hard, the more cream I can
  rub in." Carefully holding his restrained testicles, she gives them one last
  squeeze before letting them hang heavily. She puts another dollop of cream
  on her finger and smoothes it into her other palm. Gripping his shaft in warm
  cream, she lifts the sperm-cup to his bloated penis-head and leans forward,
  proudly displaying her large breasts: "Now remember, be a good boy for Nurse
  Stacy..."  
Her grip on his shaft tightens before starting her quick, gentle jerks. "Chad,
  you're so hard. Hold it in for your nurse..." The sensation is heavenly &ndash; everything
  feels so tight! He tries his best - he tries not to think about the large thrusting
  breasts before his eyes, about the sexy women pumping his giant erection -
  it's hopeless. All too soon he fells an orgasm overwhelming his body. He bucks
  and gives an involuntary grunt. "That's alright Chad, I know you need to spurt..." Her
  pace doesn't not slow in the least - in fact, it quickens. "Your balls are
  so big and full..." Jerk, jerk, jerk... "Soooo much cum ready to shoot... be
  a good boy, hold it in..." Her breasts are so sexy, moving provocatively against
  that tight bra. "That's a good boy, just a little longer..." she teases but
  keeps up her accelerated pace. She feels his large penis throb as she brings
  him past the point of no return.  
"That's OK Chad, let it go..." Holding his bulging head in the cup, she jerks
  and pumps with precision. His first spurt is like a geyser [Nurse Stacy knew
  the genital restraints actually enhance a man's ejaculation - one of her secret
  pleasures...]. "Oh my god, there's one!" she quips but keeps pumping - Spurt,
  spurt, spurt! - "two, three, four..." She's counting loudly, authoritatively,
  clearly in charge of his involuntary performance. "You dirty boy!" She keeps
  jerking, getting all of his spitting, spurting sperm into the cup. "Such a
  big mess!" Nurse Stacy keeps pumping his penis, milking it for all of his sperm.
  It finally slows to a dribble but continues to drool past the tight restraints.
  She finally stops jerking: "My goodness Chad, you'll need to visit me every
  day just to drain your big balls. Keeping them empty should slow your penile
  growth..." She cleans him up and schedules another appointment for the following
  day.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FantasyMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





