BDSM Library - Crimson and Blue




Crimson and Blue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tatyana didn't think that when she cosigned her friends loan she would be paying off that debt with her body."And then the little fagot has the balls to ask for a tip&hellip;&hellip;.." Tony
  Vincent paused just long enough to let the other men start laughing, then he
  joined in himself, big booming laughter that filled the narrow corridor. On
  Tony's left Big Al paused to wipe a tear from his eye. It didn't take much
  to make the big man laugh, so much so that some of the other men on the crew
  called Al the "laughing gorilla" though never to his face of course.  
The big man was a giant, a lumbering mountain of muscle that trotted on Tony's
  heels like a large friendly dog. Yes, Al was good natured, but few in the crew
  forgot that Al's wrestling career had ended when he'd accidentally killed his
  opponent in the ring.  
By contrast Carlo Protti was little more than a stick figure, his long gangly
  body scarcely fitting the cheap off the peg flannel suit he was wearing. Carlo
  could afford better, there were no guys in Tony's inner circle that made less
  than six figures, but Carlo had always been cheap, unwilling to spend even
  a tiny part of his fortune. Thin and weasley Carlo was as different to Al as
  it was possible to get. It was hard to imagine that the two had been firm friends
  for over forty years.  
Standing between them both literally and in build Tony Vincent was the obvious
  leader of the group. Older than the others by a few years the pressure of command
  could be seen in his haggard face and receding hairline. The expensive Italian
  suit that clung to his stocky body did a little to round off some of his rough
  edges but you could still see that underneath was a bruiser and a hoodlum.
  As they walked towards the office Tony took the lead with the nervous energy
  of the street. It had been a good dinner at their favorite local restaurant.
  Good food, good wine, Tony doubted anything could sour his mood.  
He was wrong.  
As they neared the office door Tony could see a light shining though the
  frosted glass panel. Silently he signaled the others to fall back. They grouped
  together in a huddle.  
"I," Tony said, pausing for effect, "remember turning the fucking light off." He
  nodded back towards the door.  
Al nodded. "Yeah," he said. Carlo slipped a .38 Special from his shoulder
  holster. "One of the girls?" he asked, giving the door a nervous look.  
Tony frowned. "Do I look stupid?" he asked, "do you think I'd give one of
  those slappers a key to the joint?" He pulled out a 9mm Automatic and checked
  it. Al had pulled out another .38 and ambled towards the doorway. Tony cursed
  and started after him. It was hard to say even after all these years if Al
  was genuinely fearless or if he simply didn't understand the danger.  
Tony signaled Carlo to stand or one side of the door. The chisel faced man
  nodded and took position, left hand reaching down to grab the door handle.
  Tony and All waited on the other side of the door.  
"On three," Tony warned. Al kicked the door open giving Carlo barely enough
  time to turn the handle. Another thing that the crew often discussed was if
  Al could count.  
The three went in quickly, Al in front then Carlo and finally Tony. Rather
  than members of another gang, or the Feds they found themselves face to face
  with Tony's cousin Geno who was sitting on the corner of Tony's desk helping
  himself to a scotch.  
"JesusChrist," Geno spluttered standing suddenly, "whatthefuck you do that
  for?"  
Tony signed and put his gun away. "I dunno Geno," he said, wondering towards
  the desk. "It could be because you were not supposed to fuckin' be here!"  
"Ummmmmmmppppphhhhh!"  
Tony stopped in mid tarade, his finger inches from Geno's chest. He looked
  over his shoulder towards the corner of the room where the strange grunting
  sound was coming from. In that corner a simple wooden chair was standing alone,
  and on that chair sat a woman. She was dressed in a gray business suit, conservatively
  tailored and reasonably fashionable. The suit jacket was open showing the ruffled
  front of a dress blouse pulled tight across her breasts. The reason for this
  extreme position was her arms, which had been pulled behind her down over the
  back of high wooden chair. A single strand of cord tied the girl's elbows to
  the chair back. Further down her questing hands had been locked together with
  a pair of chrome plated police handcuffs. Tony looked down, his dark, greedy,
  piggy little eyes taking in the graceful curve of the girl's stockinged legs
  all the way from her thighs to the point where her ankles were tied to one
  of the chair legs. The girl's head was covered with a black cloth hood that
  hid her features. As Tony watched the girl kicked against her leg bonds and
  shook her head.  
"Ummmm," she moaned, "Ummm heee!"  
"Who's da broad?" Tony asked stabbing his thumb backwards in the direction
  of the struggling figure.  
Geno blinked and looked puzzled. "That chick you wanted me to go and see&hellip; that
  Marshall girl.."  
Tony rolled his eyes and slapped his hand against Geno's forehead. "Listen
  genius," he snapped, "all I asked you to do was go around and explain her new
  responsibilities. I never told you to bring her here!"  
Geno rubbed his head. "She wouldn't play ball Tony, she told me to get lost.
  She's got this mouth on her. Mouthiest bitch I've ever heard, told me what
  to do with your generous offer. I figured you'd want to see her yourself."  
Tony sighed. If Geno hadn't been his sister's boy.. Still there was nothing
  he could do about it now. He nodded to Carlo who was standing near the struggling
  woman. "Ok, take the fucking hood off.  
Once the hood was off the girl proved to be quite pretty. Auburn hair in
  a short fashionable cut framed a long, almost delicate face. Green eyes flashed
  out angrily above the mass of silver duct tape that sealed her mouth closed.
  She gave Geno a poisonous look, one she then shared with the rest of the men
  in the room. Tony found himself laughing, feisty bitches always turned him
  on, especially the ones too stupid to know when they were in big trouble. Taking
  a cigar from the box on his desk he lit up and settled back in his big leather
  chair.  
"Al, bring the lady closer."  
The chair was no problem for Al to carry despite the best efforts of it's
  struggling occupant. In moments Miss Marshall was dumped somewhat roughly a
  few feet in front of Tony's desk.  
"Ok Carlo, take her gag off, let's hear what Red has to say?"  
Carlo smirked as he seized the edge of the mass of tape and tore it off in
  a single yank. The girl gave a muffled yelp then bent down to spit out the
  ball of cloth that had been packing her mouth.  
"I could have suffocated," she accused, "what's the idea?"  
Geno bent down. "Told you she was a mouthy bitch," he whispered giving the
  girl a dark look.  
Tony ignored him and instead took a folder from his desk. "Tatyana Marshall," he
  said, "that is your name right?"  
"You have no right&hellip;" the girl continued.  
"&hellip;Yes or no?" Tony snapped, his dark eyes looking at hers.  
For a moment she held his gaze with a venomous look but then surprisingly
  she looked away.  
"Yes," she said.  
"Good," Tony said puffing at the cigar, "it's good to talk." He nodded at
  Geno. "Did my associate explain why I wanted a word with you?"  
Tatyana gave Geno another dark look. "You mean before the bastard kidnapped
  me? I don't know where you people think you are," she added, "but this is Canada,
  we have LAWS in this country about kidnapping people&hellip;. You wait until
  the Mounties hear about this&hellip;"  
Tony had heard enough. Sighing he nodded at Carlo who brought his hand back
  and slapped the girl&hellip; hard.  
"Owww," Tatyana yelped settling back against the chair and sobbing.  
Tony wanted until her tears subsided.  
"You're here to answer questions," Tony said nursing the cigar, "speak out
  of turn again and you will be hit again it's that simple. Do we understand
  each other now Tatyana?"  
The girl nodded sullenly and looked down. Tony nodded to Carlo. The thin
  faced ban forced the girl's chin up with one hand and brought the other hand
  back.  
Tony held up his hand and Carlo paused.  
"I asked a question," Tony said, "I expect a fuckin' answer."  
Tatyana looked up at him. It was still a dirty look but the edge of real
  fear had crept in there now. "Y&hellip;yes I understand," she stuttered.  
Tony smiled.  
"Good," he continued, "now I'll ask again, did my friend tell you why he
  came to see you?"  
She swallowed, mouth still dry after many hours gagged. "He said I owed you
  money," she said, "that I could pay it off if I took copies of papers from
  work.&quot;  
"Yeah, that's right," Tony said smugly, "Red works for the City. Has access
  to all sorts of papers useful to an entrepreneur." He hooked at the sobbing
  girl. "And what did you say?" he asked.  
Tatyana looked up, anger plashing once again in her green eyes. "I told him
  to go to hell," she said triumphantly, "first, I don't owe you anything and
  even if I did there is no way I would misuse my position.."  
"One hundred and fifty five thousand dollars," Tony said reading from a paper
  on his desk, "that was how much you owed as of nine this morning."  
Bewildered the girl shook her head. "No," she said, "I don't know what you
  are taking about. I don't owe you anything, I never even saw you before today."  
"Joanna De Vere, she's your friend right?" Tony asked.  
"Y..yes?" Tatyana asked wondering where this conversation was going.  
"Good friend?" Tony asked puffing on the cigar.  
"The best," Tatyana nodded, "why?"  
"And I just bet you'd do anything for her right?"  
"And she for me! I don't know what this is about?" there was an anxiousness
  that had crept into the girl's voice at the mention of her friend, one that
  Tony quickly recognized.  
Tony pushed back in his chair and enjoyed his cigar, savoring both the fine
  tobacco and the thrill of victory. He was in no hurry to let the girl off the
  hook. Instead he let her stew for a moment ignoring her questions about her
  friend.  
Finally Tony said, " Joanna, she's from England right?"  
Tatyana nodded. "Yes why?"  
"She got here when? Three years ago?"  
"Y&hellip; yes but we've known each other on the internet since&hellip;"  
Tony ignored her. "Your friend, landed immigrant?" he asked.  
"Yes," the girl frowned, suddenly worried. Her relationship with Jo had been
  solid up until a few months ago. Then the English girl had started to be secretive,
  unwilling to say what she was doing or who she was with. A shiver ran up Tatya's
  spine as she realized that she hadn't spoken to her friend in nearly a month.  
Tony smiled, glad that the conversation was back under his control.  
"Two years ago," he said, "Jo wanted to start a business, coffee bar I believe?
  Down on Younge St?  
Tataya nodded. The bar had been on the ground floor of one of the office
  buildings. Lot's of walk ins from the business folks and passing tourists too.
  Jo had even had a fiberglass moose with coffee cups painted on the side erected
  outside as part of the promotion. The bar hadn't been as successful as she
  hoped and had staggered on for only a year before it was forced to close.  
"You countersigned her business loan," Tony said simply.  
He settled back while various thoughts played themselves on the redhead's
  face. Shock and disbelief were just the openers. Soon bewilderment and betrayal
  followed.  
"I&hellip;I don't understand," Tataya said, "look I signed for administrative
  reasons. Jo said that the loan people needed someone with a Canadian tax history
  that goes back at least five years and that she didn't qualify. I mean who
  would give me a loan for Gods sake? I have no assets, I live at my parents&hellip;."  
She looked up at Tony's smiling face.  
"Oh Fuck" she said.  
Tony had walked around and was sitting on the edge of his desk.  
"This is the way it is Red," he said, 'you and little Jojo come to me for
  a loan. Now I like your business plan and being, shall we say, the lender of
  last resort, I'm more than happy to advance the dough."  
He reached forward, stroking Tatya's breasts through the stretched fabric
  of her bra. The girl whimpered and tried to pull away. Carlo, grabbed a handful
  of her auburn hair and twisted, forcing her to look up at Tony's leering and
  haggard face.  
"I have to say that JoJo understood her responsibilities. When it became
  obvious that she couldn't pay the interest with her regular job she offered
  to work it off here at my club. Hostess, dancer, barmaid, whatever made her
  a buck or two. Now and then some high roller would come into town looking for
  an escort and I'd point him in JoJo's direction&hellip;.. for a cut." He leered. "Yeah
  that JoJo was something special&hellip;"  
He took his hand from Tatya's tit and dried it on his suit.  
"Anyway, she's gone now, little bitch chose to run off. Which leaves you
  responsible for the debt. Now I told you what you could do to help me out.
  Guys like me always have problems with the City&hellip; rezoning, extra taxes.
  Having someone inside that can get me the heads up would be very valuable to
  me. I suggest you think it over. Not only will you pay off your debts I'm sure
  I can find a little extra to make it worth your while? Cant be easy living
  at home now can it? Bet you'd like a place of your own?"  
"No!" She had stopped sobbing. Now that she knew that Joanna was safe and
  far away from this lowlife she had been able to reassert her self control.
  She looked up at him and once again black and green eyes vied for dominance.
  This time it was Tony that looked away first.  
"Yeah well," he said returning to his seat. "Little cupcake like you probably
  doesn't have access to anything useful anyway. So that leaves me with a problem.
  You see sweetheart a deal is a deal. If I let you two little cunts walk out
  on a hundred and fifty kays of my money then some people will think I've gone
  soft. I'll need to make an example and as Jojo isn't here that only leaves
  me with you."  
Tatya thought for a moment. "Ok," she said, "I won't spy for you but I don't
  want to be "an example" either. What do I have to do?"  
Tony settled back and smiled. "There is one way you can pay me back my money
  honey."  
"What are you thinking my slave?" He asked.  
Sapphire looked up, her blue eyes shining in the light of the fire. For a
  moment he thought he could sense some dampness there, the glistening of a tear.
  Then she looked down in perfect submission, her bowed head and thick lashes
  hiding her eyes from sight.  
"N..Nothing Master," Saffie said trying and failing to control her voice.  
"I see," he said, settling back in his armchair and savoring both his brandy
  and the warmth of the fire. Chicago gets cold in winter, very cold and this
  year the snows had come early. Outside it was shaping up to be a white Christmas
  and He could think of no finer thing than to be in his own home with a roaring
  fire, a glass of brandy and a near naked slave girl for company.  
His eyes flickered towards the large padded duffel bag that had been delivered
  that morning and which sat beneath the elegantly decorated Christmas tree.
  He allowed himself a small chuckle. Perhaps there was something that could
  make it even better.  
He looked down just in time to see Sapphire lower her eyes again. There was
  the suggestion of a look on her face, not exactly worry but&hellip;.  
He settled back watching his slave closely. Sapphire was kneeling in a standard
  rest position, her ass resting lightly on her heels, legs open, back arched,
  chest thrust outwards in a most pleasing way. Her long blonde hair fell onto
  her shoulders and the powder blue see through negligee she was wearing. Beneath
  that the tight royal-blue corset and blue stockings added to her sexy outfit.
  She was holding His crop in the palms of her outstretched gloved hands, her
  forehead almost touching the instrument of correction. Not that a crop was
  necessary, it never had been, all through her service Saffie had never done
  so much as one thing wrong. Her submission was perfect, her obedience absolute.  
And that, in many ways, was what the contents of the bag was all about.  
"Look at me," He said, his voice calm, soft, demanding but gentle. Saffie
  looked up, the questions and tears in her eyes now evident. Reaching down he
  stroked her cheek, letting one finger flick the large O ring that adorned the
  blue leather collar she wore.  
"Tell me what troubles you girl?" he said, in a tone of voice not quite an
  order.  
Sapphire bit her cherry lip and forced a worried smile. "Nothing My Master.
  Your girl is just melancholy, at Christmas she sometimes gets silly, misses
  some of her old friends, family&hellip;"  
"Ah I see," he said pausing, "does my slave perhaps regret her choice to
  give herself to her Master? Regret her life here?"  
She looked horrified. The fear and panic in her eyes was almost like a blow.
  He knew that if she had not been under the strictest orders to hold her position,
  then she would have sought comfort in his arms.  
"Sit on my knee girl," he said kindly, watching the look of joy that swept
  over her face. Trembling, she quickly rose, slipping onto his knee like an
  excited schoolgirl with Santa.  
He parted the front of the negligee and stroked her breast though the corset.  
"Look at me," he commanded, favoring her with a rare smile as her blue eyes
  met his.  
"Let me tell you what I think," He said, stroking her pale skin and feeling
  the goose bumps. "I think my little one is worried. I think she asks herself
  why, when she has submitted freely to me, when she has given me her very soul,
  I should want to take another."  
He watched her, noticing how she looked down. "I think my little one can't
  understand why, after you gave yourself freely, I would pay someone for a girl
  who has no interest in being a slave, a girl who would probably scorn the gift
  you gave me. I further think that that silly part of her, that part that believes
  she is not good enough, thinks that her Master is passing her over for another,
  someone prettier, or smarter, or better in some way. I think she fears He doesn't
  love her any more?" He wiped a tear from her face. "Now, isn't that true?"  
Saffie sniffed a little and nodded.  
He nodded towards the bag. "I have that girl for three reasons. First my
  girl is a natural submissive, you took to your new life so easily. I determined
  that I needed a hobby, a challenge to train and the auction house tells me
  that this girl is one of the most difficult they ever encountered. Second,
  there are things I needed to explore, questions about the use of pain and pleasure
  that I could never try on one I love so dearly, even if she were happy to submit
  to them." Reaching up he stroked her face. "Finally, in order to teach my slave
  her true worth and virtues it is necessary to show her someone who has none
  of them, let her see the pain and effort needed to give someone those talents
  my slave finds so easy. Let her finally accept her value to me through the
  suffering of another."  
Saffie nodded and managed a small smile.  
"Better now?"  
"Yes Master, your girl was being silly."  
He gave her another smile. "Good," he said, "now shall we unwrap our presents?  
Reaching down He unzipped the bag. The Auction house had done a good job
  of packing the new girl for transport. Inside the walls of the bag where padded,
  reinforced so that it kept its shape rather than deform to the body inside
  it. In the center of the bag the girl was strapped into a tight fetal ball.
  Knees strapped up near her chin, ankles hogtied tightly to her monogloved arms.
  All in all she was a vision on tight leather. Bound silent and almost immobile
  waiting for Him to release and command her.  
He chuckled. Well perhaps not command, at least not yet. He'd seen the look
  in her eye when they had dragged her onto the auction stage. Pissed did not
  come close to describing her mood and it had been the fire in her green eyes
  that had first attracted him to her. Yes if the old adage was true then the
  difficult woman would make the best slave.  
Parting the bag He looked down at her head. She was pretty he knew, even
  though you couldn't tell at the moment. A thick, black leather blindfold covered
  her eyes while a matching padded penis gag filled her small mouth. Even her
  ears were covered, a pair of headphones filling her ears with white noise effectively
  cutting off her senses. He knew that this transport rig was intended to disorientate
  the slaves, the sensory depravation leaving them easier to handle during the
  initial twenty four hours. He remembered the look in her green eyes and knew
  he would need all the help he could get.  
Just then the girl bucked against the straps that held her and screamed into
  the gag. It wasn't a loud sound, certainly there was no chance it could be
  heard outside. Still it suggested that it was time to release her a little  
Carefully he rolled the girl onto her side, reaching down to stroke her naked
  breast.  
" Mff!!" Tatyana gasped, trying to twist away from his probing fingers.  
"I sense a little resistance," He said, even though she couldn't hear him.
  He looked up and pointed out a vibrator on a side table. As Saffie dutifully
  retrieved it He looked down at his prey. Saffie slipped the vibe into his hand
  then slave knelt next to her new sister's side. "Now little one, let's see
  if you dislike all my touches?"  
He turned on the vibrator, noting with satisfaction that the blindfold and
  headphones meant that Katya had no warning what was coming next.  
Reaching down he tore aside the helpless girl's adult incontinence pants
  and exposed her sex. Tatyana tensed, sensing that he was there and that something
  was happening, but unable to tell just what it was. She let out a brief mew
  as he parted her pussy lips with his fingers. Then, before she recovered from
  that shock he touched the vibe to her clit moving it up and down her exposed
  slit.  
Tatyana yelped, trying to twist her hips away from his probing fingers, trying
  to escape the buzzing toy. She blushed fiercely as she felt his hands stroking
  her naked body. Unable to see, hear, move or make a sound, the touch of his
  hand and the teasing of the toy started to fill her small world. Weakly she
  shook her head, fighting the sensation, begging it to stop. Then the moment
  she had feared, the tell-tale trickle of moisture down her thigh. Blushing
  with shame she trembled under his touch.  
"Your new sister is pretty isn't she slave," He asked looking up to see the
  blonde girl watching with fascination, "sensitive too and oh so needy. She
  thinks she's strong and that can tough it out." He stroked her wet thigh. "Poor
  little girl, what chance do you have when even your own body turns against
  you?"  
"Slave?"  
Sapphire looked up, eyes twinkling. "Yes Master?"  
"I want you to go down to the dungeon and prepare one of the cages for our
  guest. You will find instructions down there as to food and drink. Should she
  try and speak with you, you should ignore her and not speak or make a sound," He
  ordered, "not a word no matter what she says or does. Is that clear?"  
Saffie pressed her lips firmly together and nodded. Smiling he reached over
  and kissed her forehead. "Good girl." Bending down he kissed her lips. "Now
  go and make the preparations." He said. Saffie rose to her feet, curtsied politely,
  then headed off in the direction of the basement stairs.  
Turning back to the girl in the bag he reached down and removed the headphones.  
Tatyana reared up to the limits of the straps holding her.  
"Mfff!!???"  
"Hello Tatyana," He said, keeping his voice firm but pleasant, "welcome to
  my home."  
She turned her head as far as her collar would allow, just far enough that
  her blindfolded face looked in his direction.  
"Mfff??? mfff!!!"  
He touched the thick leather blindfold. "Of course you haven't seen me yet
  have you baby?"  
The girl strained at her bonds... "Ummmmff!"  
He laughed and ran his fingers through her damp hair. "You know right now
  I could fuck you and let you go without fear of the police. Rape you and dump
  you by the roadside somewhere with no possible comeback, no identification?"  
Tatyana turned white and immediately stopped struggling. "M... mff... mfffff,
  she begged, shaking her head, "Ummmmf!"  
He stroked her breast. "Once I remove the blindfold I can never let you go." He
  said wistfully, "you will be mine forever." Reaching down he placed a hand
  on the blindfold fingers reaching for the edges ignoring Tatyana's feeble attempts
  to pull away.  
He paused for a moment, while she shook her head and moaned in fear. The
  he let his hand slide down brushing her cheek with his fingers. "Now, I'm going
  to remove your gag. In exchange you will be a good girl for me and keep very
  quiet. Agreed?"  
"Ummmpph!"  
He nodded. That was half of the deal he wanted, though even now he doubted
  that she would keep her part. "You will give me no trouble when I choose to
  gag you again understand?"  
"Ummmpphhhh!"  
He rolled his eyes. "Nod if you agree."  
Tatyana signed and thought for a moment. Really she had no choice if she
  wanted to be rid of the gag. Inside the armbinder she kept her fingers firmly
  crossed as she nodded slowly.  
 He reached for the buckle at the back of her head. In truth there was no
  danger in leaving her ungagged at this time of night. The house was secluded
  and he knew that there was little chance of her being heard.  
She didn't disappoint, the moment the huge rubber dick was removed from her
  mouth Tatyana started to scream.  
 "HELP!!! SOMEBODY!!!"  
"Is that being quiet?" He asked as he rolled one of her naked nipples.  
Tatyana yelped. "STOP! Let me go!!"  
He pulled her head back roughly by the hair, jamming the rubber cock deep
  into her mouth before forcing her head down and bucking the gag tight.  
"Ummpppphhh," Tatyana protested, but she knew that she had failed. Nobody
  had heard her cries and worst still she had probably angered the madman that
  held her.  
He didn't say anything at first, instead he busied himself rolling the bound
  girl completely clear of the transport bag. When he finally did speak Tatyana
  was relieved when instead of being angry his voice sounded more disappointed,
  like in some way she had let him down.  
"Such a stupid girl," he said "to defy someone who has the power of life
  and death over you is stupid enough. To do it and gain absolutely no advantage
  is doubly stupid. I had thought you were smarter than that."  
 Reaching down he removed the blindfold.  
Tatyana blinked at the sudden light and looked up. The man who stood over
  her was in his mid thirties, with a tall, heavy build and thinning light brown
  hair. He wore a small goatee beard and moustache which, like his hair, was
  peppered with gray.  
He reached into his pocket. " Traditionally there are two ways to handle
  slaves," he said, as if conducting a lecture, "cooperation and coercion. What
  we just tried was cooperation, and you abused it. Now we will try coercion." He
  took a stun gun from the pocket and held it a few inches from her face.  
Tatyana blinked and looked up, her eyes suddenly full of fear.  
"I see you recognize this little toy? I'm told that the people at the auction
  house use them on difficult girls. I'm sure I don't need to tell you of its
  effects?" She gave the gun another fearful look and shook her head. "Good that
  will save us some time." He fired the gun watching impassively as the sparks
  arced between the electrodes.  
Tatya looked up fearfully... whimpering...  
"I'm going to untie your legs now," He said in a no-nonsense voice, "fight
  me and I will use this on you." He stroked the folds between her legs. "Give
  me any trouble, any at all, and I will put the gun right here and teach you
  the meaning of pain."  
Tatyana's eyes widened with horror as she tried to squirm away from his touch.  
"So, do we understand each other?"  
The girl whimpered, large green eyes begging for mercy "MM&quot;PPPHHH UHHHHH!"  
"Good."  
Reaching down he started to unbuckle the leather binder that covered her
  long athletic legs. He released the hogtie first, letting her straighten for
  the first time in several hours. As she groaned and whimpered out her relief
  he loosened the other straps, finally pulling the binder clear of her legs.
  He paused for a moment, massaging her calves and the backs of her knees as
  full circulation was restored. Then he unfastened the strap that bound her
  knees to the O ring on the front of her leather collar letting the girl stretch
  out fully for the first time. A few more minutes of careful massaging and then
  he parted her legs, pulling the remains of the adult diaper clear.  
"There," he said, "I'm sure that feels a lot better?"  
For a second she glared at him, then the look in her eyes softened and she
  looked down, nodding sullenly.  
He opened the side pouch of the bag and withdrew pair of wide leather cuffs
  linked together with a short length of chain. She gave a muffled complaint
  but didn't fight as he stepped them onto her ankles.  
"Good girl," he said, kissing her forehead. "Keep doing what you're told
  and we will get along famously."  
He pulled her upright and fastened a leash to the O ring on her collar. Standing
  he dragged her to her feet.  
"Come with me," he said starting forward towards the door. Afraid of the
  stun gun but also afraid of where he was taking her Tatyana held back a moment;
  feeling the leash tighten against her collar as he walked towards the door.  
He turned and looked at her coldly. "I ordered you to follow me girl," He
  said, his voice stern and demanding.  
Tatyana whimpered, wanting to resist but understanding her situation. She
  was naked but for her bonds, her arms fastened tightly behind her, neck collared,
  her jaw aching from the gag.  
"Mmmpphhh," she moaned pitifully. But this time when he tugged the leash
  she responded, shuffling after him, naked feet on polished wooden floors and
  the rattle of the hobble chain the only sound as she followed him to the basement
  door.  
They started down into the cellars, Tatya carefully picking her way down
  the steep stairs. For a moment she was tempted to barge him down the stairs,
  but one look at his hand showed the leash wrapped tightly around his palm.
  If she pushed the leash would pull her down too, with no free arms to protect
  her there was every chance that she would be seriously injured.  
Following on she found herself in a small finished den. Comfy chairs and
  a couch were arranged around a large screen TV and audio setup.  
Over in one corner was a wet bar in the other a bookcase. Here though there
  was a break from the norm. One of the bookcases was pulled over to one side
  revealing a large steel security door that also stood open. It didn't take
  Tatyana long to realize their final destination. She held back again for a
  moment, eyes looking at the steel door with dread.  
Tatyana whimpered, her eyes tearing and sending streaks of dark mascara down
  her cheeks. The room beyond the door was full of equipment, racks of electronics,
  wooden benches, posts, crosses and cages. One thing Tatyana knew was that she
  wanted nothing to do with any of it.  
"Ummm?" she stopped, refusing to go further, shaking her head and whimpering
  into the thick gag.  
He only laughed. "Don't be bashful, he said, tugging at the leash. Then when
  she still resisted his voice became colder. "Don't make me hurt you!" he warned.  
She looked up at him and fining no pity in his dark eyes lowered her head
  and followed submissively behind.  
He lead her over to a large comfortable leather chair set up almost like
  a throne in one corner of the room. Beside the chair Tatyana noticed another
  girl dressed in light blue lingerie. The girl was kneeling, gloved hands outstretched
  and holding a leather riding crop. Her blonde head was bowed, almost touching
  the crop.  
He sat.  
"Has all been prepared Sapphire?" he asked, his eyes still fixed on the near
  naked Tatya.  
"All has been prepared my Master," Saffie said, raising her blue eyes for
  a moment.  
He yanked the leash. "Kneel," he ordered, "show respect to your new lord
  and Master."  
"MMPPPHHH!" Tatya looked down at the girl in blue. "Ummmm heeeee?" she moaned,
  desperately.  
He looked at her coldly. "I told you to kneel," he said, "I will not tell
  you again"  
Tatyana shivered and looked around the room, at the wooden cross, the rack.
  The place resembled nothing less than a high tech torture chamber and with
  fear in her heart she realized that was exactly what it was.  
Her captor sighed. "I do so hate it when they are difficult," he said stroking
  Sapphire's cheek.  
Taking the stun gun from his pocket he stuck it into Tatya's naked side and
  pressed the trigger.  
Tatyana shuddered, her side suddenly alive with pain, for a moment the room
  faded as she felt her legs buckling beneath her. She managed a small muffled "uupphh" before
  she collapsed to the floor.  
He looked down. "Now, I think you can make it into a kneeling position from
  there don't you?"  
Tatya lay moaning for a moment as she gradually regained control of her trembling
  body. She became aware slowly of the throbbing in her side, of her face pressed
  hard against the cold floor.  
"Now, kneel."  
Tatya opened her eyes slowly, sobbing into the gag as she tried to struggle
  up into a kneeling position.  
"I don't have all day.."  
Somehow Tatyana dragged herself to her knees, body now dirty with grit and
  dust. For a moment she rested, panting as she breathed through her nose.  
"Look at me."  
She looked up, her eyes moist with tears.  
"I'm going to remove the gag," he told her, "Don't bother screaming because
  no one can hear you. The ability to speak is a gift from your Master and not
  a right. I will tolerate no profanity, no hysteria, you will speak only in
  respectful tones. Deviate from these guidelines and you will be gagged again.
  You will also be punished."  
At the mention of punishment Tatyana whimpered, eyes wide, shaking her head.
  She glanced sideways at the blonde girl. But the girl in blue had not moved
  from her respectful kneeling position, and was not acknowledging the situation
  at all.  
"Is that clear?"  
The sound of His voice made her look his way once more. She nodded. "Ummpphh."  
"Very well, lean forward." She waited patiently while he unbuckled the gag
  from behind her head and pulled the plug from her mouth.  
"Would you like a drink?"  
Tatyana shook her head.  
"Some ground rules then," he said, reaching down and stroking the tears from
  her cheek. "First, you are here to be trained as a sex slave. You will refer
  to me as Master. Lack of proper respect and title is subject to punishment."  
She looked at him, eyes wide too scared to say anything.  
"Second, you will obey my instructions first time every time and without
  hesitation. Third, being ungagged is a privilege not a right, you will only
  speak when spoken to, when given verbal permission to speak or if you need
  to bring an urgent matter to my attention is that clear?"  
Tatyana paused, looking down at the stun gun still in his hand. Then she
  nodded.  
"Speak!"  
She looked up eyes tearing again. "Y..yes... I understand."  
His dark eyes looked into her soul.  
"If you badmouth me I will gag you. If you struggle I will tie you down.
  If you fight I will whip you. If you disobey you will be punished. Is that
  clear?"  
Tatyana pouted. "Yes&hellip;. Master."  
Quick as a flash he fastened a metal clamp to her right nipple. The serrated
  jaws bit deeply into her flesh, making her squeal with pain.  
"And that is what we do for pouting," he said, watching her red face as she
  sobbed.  
She struggled fitfully, tears now rolling down her cheeks.  
"Painful?" he asked, "Would you like that removed?"  
She looked up, blinking down her own tears. "Y... yes...," she stuttered, "please
  take it off."  
"Will you pay attention to my words?"  
She bit her lip, the throbbing pain in her nipple now dull and agonizing. "Y..Yes...
  yes I will..."  
"Then ask nicely" he said "say &quot;Please Master, this slave begs to have
  the clamp removed.&quot;"  
Tatyana whimpered, humiliated to have to say such things but the pain was
  too much to bare. She looked down and snuffled. P..please M..Master... this
  slave.... begs to have the clamp removed.. ughhhhhh!"  
Bending down he removed the clamp. "There," He said, "Easy. Now for a few
  questions."  
* daire feels the pain subsiding...  
"Do you suck?" he asked innocently.  
Tatya blinked. "W..what?"  
"Cock sweetheart," he said, smiling at her discomfort, "are you a cock sucker?"  
Tatyana flushed with anger. I won't...no .. you're not gonna get away with
  this&hellip;" she started.  
He clamped the other nipple. Watching as she gasped with pain and surprise.  
"Let's ask that question again," he said, "are you a cock sucker?"  
Tatyana bit her lip against the pain and shook her head. "N.. no! No way...
  not willingly ..not for you!"  
He only smiled evilly. "Tell me do you find the clamp painful?"  
She blinked. "Yes ... but I won't&hellip;"  
He laughed. "Tell me sweetheart, do you really believe that what YOU want,
  has any meaning in this place?"  
She remained quiet, biting her lip and looking down at the painful clamp.  
He clamped the other nipple. Watching as she winced and fought back a scream
  of pain.  
"There are a lot of nerve endings in the female body," he told her, his voice
  almost conversational, "little painful places. I know them all. I can magnify
  this pain a thousand, a million times.  
"You're sick," she spat. But the trembling of her body and the fat tears
  rolling down her cheek showed that the fight was going against her. A moment
  later she gave a wretched moan.  
"When you were with your boy.. your EX boyfriend, did you suck him?"  
"F&hellip;fuck off!"  
He shook his head. "I see," he said, twisting the right nipple clamp.  
Tatya screamed in agony.  
"Now try again, He said, "a you a cock sucker?"  
"Y&hellip;yes," she screamed panting, "Yes! Owwwww!"  
"Do you swallow?"  
"N&hellip;. no! Pleeeease!"  
"Anyone ever fucked you up the ass?"  
"No!!!"  
"Do you eat pussy?"  
Tatyana was starting to feel sick, her head buzzing with blood the pain unbearable. "N..no," she
  spluttered.  
Ever been eaten by a woman?"  
Unable to speak Tatya shook her head. No.  
"Ever kissed a woman?"  
"Owwwww! P&hellip;please I&hellip;I've never done anything with a woman!"  
He nods. "Very well." He let go of the clamp but left both firmly in place.
  He settled back to watch the sobbing girl as she panted before him. It was
  important in these early stages to show her that any misbehavior, any bending
  of the rules, any deviation from his will would be swiftly and brutally punished.
  It was a lesson he hoped he would only need to teach once. It was a lesson
  he hoped she understood.  
"What has this taught you?" he asked, his voice soft.  
She looked up, her tearstained face flushed with anger. He could see in her
  eyes how her need for independence and her need to avoid suffering were in
  deep conflict. For the moment her stuborn streak was winning, but even now
  he could see the fear and doubt in her pretty eyes.  
"That Y..you are a sadis..." She paused, looked down, choking back her anger
  as her instinct for self preservation won out. pauses... biting  
"Your assessment that I am a sadist is wrong," he said, "a sadist is someone
  who gets sexual pleasure from another's pain. Doing this to you gives me no
  such pleasure. It is a necessary part of teaching you the virtue of absolute
  obedience to my will."  
She said nothing, looking at the floor and sobbing.  
"Now, would you like the clamps removed?"  
She sobbed, "Yes please...Master," she said grudgingly. If it got the clamps
  off she would play his game.  
He nodded. "Better," he said, "but I taught you how to ask properly. Do it
  the right way this time."  
She sighed in pain and frustration. "Please Master this slave begs to have
  the clamps removed."  
Reaching forward he removed the clamps.  
He let her recover for a moment. Turning his attention to the shivering Sapphire.  
In all her years with him Sapphire had never disobeyed a direct order and
  had never knowingly failed him. Now she looked up, blue eyes perhaps a little
  fightened. Gently he stroked her face bending forward to kiss her. Saffie sighed
  contentedly, happy to have back the loving Master she knew. He smiled at her.  
"Go upstairs Saffie," he said, "prepare the bed and a bath. I will call you
  in advance about when to run the water."  
She smiled. "Yes my Master," she said, happy to be able to serve him. Bowing
  she rose to her feet, backing towards the dungeon door before slipping through
  it. He glanced back at his difficult new slave, just in time to see a look
  in her eyes, a look of need and envy, one he was sure more to do with Saffie's
  status rather than her physical freedom.  
"Lean forward," he said.  
Mute, Tatyana shook her head, too scared to comply.  
"Rule one was first time every time slave," he warned, "so far I've been
  lenient with you. I'm giving you today to get used to things&hellip;&hellip;.."  
Tatyana suddenly panicked, thinking he was reaching for the dreaded clamps
  again, She pulled back only as far as the leash would let her.  
"&hellip;any hesitation in following my orders tomorrow will be punished
  severely, clear?"  
Reaching down he took the leash, pulling on it and drawing her to him by
  the collar. He grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling her head back.  
"There are 2 ways we start training a new girl," he said, "we can treat her
  like a human, explain her duties and hope she has the sense to obey. Or we
  can treat her like you would an unmanageable dog. Remove every benefit, every
  comfort, punish even the most minor transgression. Repeat and punish until
  she does as she's told out of fear."  
He looked into her eyes as she struggled and whimpered.  
"Normally, I give a girl the benefit of the doubt explain the situation and
  treat her kindly." He nodded towards the door. "That was the way Saffie was
  trained. Tonight she will sleep in a soft bed, eat decent food. You on the
  other hand have acted like a bitch since you got here. And if you are going
  to act like a bitch I will treat you like one. From now on you are a doggie
  level two. That means that every disobedience will be corrected and every creature
  comfort removed. You  
will be petted and given treats only if you are good. Level one is brutally
  severe, so much so that you will be less than an animal inside of a month.
  You are a heartbeat from being made a level one doggie little girl, don't disappoint
  me again!"  
Tatyana glared back, then spat in his face.  
He wiped her spittle from his face.  
"I see&hellip;"  
The corner was tiled with drains set in the floor. Tatyana lay on her side
  sobbing. She had regretted the spitting less than a heartbeat after she did
  it. Not because the bastard didn't deserve it, but because she knew that his
  revenge was likely to be terrible.  
She was weakening already. She could feel part of herself wanting to obey
  without question, not through fear, though the rest of her was terrified, but
  from an odd attraction. He took no crap from her, he was demanding, cruel and
  powerful. That part of her that had always been attracted to bad boys, the
  part that always landed her with unsuitable boyfriends was starting to find
  him immensely attractive. If the rest of her personality curled up in a ball
  through fear then she would find herself kneeling just like the other girl.
  Her eyes widened as a flash of jealousy gripped her. Oh God no!  
He walked over, and she looked up, eyes settling first on his shoes then
  continuing up to his dark eyes.  
"I was going to let you shower," he said, "but this is how we clean little
  doggies." He held up a fire hose, pointing the nozzle towards she. She managed
  to gasp out a "No, please Master!" before the powerful wave of cold water hit
  her. Fore a second she was stunned. Desperately she tried to shield herself
  but her arms were still strapped behind her in the arm binder. Unable to protect
  herself any other way she tried to dodge the spray. Whimpering and crying as
  the water found it's mark again and again.  
She found herself sobbing, crying, half drowning in the torrent. The water
  was so powerful that it moved her across and into the corner, the force blasting
  her skin. Screaming, crying she begged for it to stop.  
Suddenly it was over. The water stopped. By this time she was sitting in
  the corner, her knees up against her chest, crying.  
"So, do I have to train you as a dog?"  
Tatyana shivered in the puddle about her, feeling the hair matted about her
  face. She shivered. The smart thing would be to beg his forgiveness. But that
  scared her more and more because so much of her wanted to do it. She was afraid
  that if she weakened any more, even a little strategic surrender, that there
  would be no way back.  
Sniffing, she glared at him.  
He sighed. She was making this far more difficult than it needed to be. It
  seemed the auction house was right about her being stubborn. It was becoming
  a game of sadistic chicken, each seeing who would become sick of the abuse
  first. He sighed and rolled his hand into a fist. He would not blink first.  
"Wrong answer bitch."  
He slammed on the water again. She yelped and struggled, the cold eating
  into her bones, sapping her strength and energy. Now a new component entered
  the equation, not just strength of will but the body that supported it. As
  her core temperature fell. Her body made the decision her mind couldn't.  
She rolled into a fetal ball, protecting her face from he spray, with her
  back to the force of the hose. She was shivering, whimpering, begging. He turned
  of the water and rolled her over with his foot.  
"Will you spit again?"  
Tatyana remained silent, dripping wet, her body mottled with Goosebumps.  
"I asked a question?"  
She shivered. "S&hellip; sorry Master."  
He nodded. "Good." Pulling her to her feet he led her the short distance
  to a small steel cage. The cage was made up of welded steel bars a few inches
  apart. It had enough space to allow a grown woman to kneel or lie rolled up
  inside but there was not enough space for her to fully straighten out.  
"Inside, now," he ordered. When she hesitated he took a crop to her ass. "I
  said inside!"  
Cold and shivering Tatyana crawled into the cage.  
"Better!" He closed the cage door and locked it.  
Reaching through the bars he worked on the straps holding the arm binder
  in place. Tatyana curled into a ball shivering and crying.  
#When I ordered you to lean forward," he said, picking at the wet leather
  straps, "I was going to take this off. In future you will obey rather than
  guess my motives understand?"  
Tatya mumbled a soft reply.  
"Louder!"  
"Yes... Master," Tatyana closed her eyes and wished it was a dream, a bad
  dream, but she knew it wasn't. She knew she couldn't bare any more of this,
  another day, two at the most and he would break her. Part of her suggested
  a strategic compliance with his wishes but that way offered the prospect of
  total surrender. She would fight until the end. Or so she thought&hellip;  
"Much better, he said nodding, "Hungry?"  
"No!"  
He dropped two leather cuffs into the cage. "Put there on your wrists, tightly"  
Sighing Tatyana picked up the cuffs, too cold, too tired to resist right
  now. She fastened them snuggly about each wrist.  
He dropped in two small padlocks. "Now lock them.  
She picked up the locks, numb fingers working on autopilot, snapping them
  trough the eyelet on each wrist. She adjusted each cuff, feeling the leather
  against her wrists, the rattle of the little locks as she moved them for a
  little more comfort.  
"Good girl, now one last thing before bedtime." He said dropping a small
  travel shaving kit through the bars of the cage, "shave off your pubic hair."  
She looked up shocked... "W..what! no!"  
"Is there a problem?" he asked, raising a stern eyebrow.  
* She looked up, then curled her knees to her chest, covering herself  
"You've been here a couple of hours now slave," she said, slowly sitting
  on a stool by the cage, "you should know two things by now. First, I always
  get what I want. Second, disobedience is always painful  
with that in mind you will shave your pussy."  
"Now!"  
She swallowed. If she thought it over this was a no brainer. Whatever he
  did to punish her was bound to be much worse than what he wanted. This was
  a strategic withdrawal that she couldn't only afford to make, it was one she
  would be foolish to hold out on. But she found she wanted to be forced, she
  would capitulate the moment punishment was suggested, but she had to make sure
  he knew that she resisted. It was a pride thing.  
"And third...your an asshole!" she heard herself say. She grabbed the kit
  and threw it out of the cage. "I will not do that while you watch."  
"I see," he said standing. He walked across the room to where a long pole
  like contraption was locked to the wall. He paused a moment, working on the
  lock that held the device to the wall. "Are you a city girl slave?" he asked
  over his shoulder as he fiddled with the chain.  
"Yes," she said, "but you know that already&hellip;" She was sure that Tony
  had told the auction house all about her and that they in turn had passed it
  on to her new "owner."  
"I wasn't sure," he said hefting the pole thing from the wall, "In that case
  I don't suppose you come across cattle prods very often in urban government?"  
She looked at him blankly then looked at the pole thing again.  
"Just in case you don't know this is a cattle prod," he continued, "similar
  to the stun gun I used with you before but made to use on cattle and so much
  more powerful."  
He walked towards her. Tatyana looked up terrified.  
He tossed the shaving kit back through the bars of the cage. " I believe
  you were going to shave for me?" he asked sweetly.  
She looked at the prod, then at the kit, then rubbed the small sore spot
  on her side where the stun gun had fired. Sighing she opened the kit, took
  out the razor and the cream and started to lather her pubic fur. Jaw clenched
  in frustration, she took the razor and started to draw it across her pubes,
  flicking the creme out of the cage.  
He slid a small plastic beaker of water through the bars.  
Tatyana sniffed, feeling the tender skin exposed to the air, sensitive and
  soft, as the razor did its work. Pulling the reddening skin taught as she shaved
  the lips. Finally, she finished off and rinsed. Tatya trembled feeling her
  sex exposed, tender and cooling in the air, more naked than she had thought
  possible. She blushed.  
"Good," he said, dropping a small vibrator through the bars, "now you will
  masturbate for me. You will not cum without asking permission."  
Tatya gasped, flushed with humiliation. However one look at the cattle prod
  was enough to convince her that she should comply. She turned on the vibe,
  pressing it to the newly sensitive flesh of her pussy. She started to move
  it up and down her slit, eyes closed, gasping with the sensation. Her pride
  wouldn't let him watch though. She closed her legs about her hand, hiding her
  shame.  
"Open wide girl," she said, a warning tone in his voice, "I want to see what
  I own."  
"Fuck you Master!" she grunted, but even as she said the words her body obeyed
  him, she felt her knees opening slowly, exposing her shaved sex and her wet
  pussy as she slowly milked herself for him.  
"I think I warned you about swearing didn't I?" He said, his voice so cold
  it sent a shiver up her spine. He dropped a ball gag though the bars. "Take
  this rub the ball in that juicy pussy and stuff it in your big, foul mouth.
  My tolerance is wearing thin my own fault of course for going easy on you.
  Now, I'm waiting."  
She had no choice. Gingerly she picked up the gag and brushed the red ball
  though her cunt juices. Then, barely able to hold back her disgust, she opened
  her mouth and shoved the musky ball home, strapping it in place.  
"Of course this leaves the question of how you will beg for release," He
  mused.  
He looked down at her as she worked her wet hole. She was trembling now her
  body quaking as she ran the vibe up and down.  
Tatyana felt the sensation as her fingers worked on her sex. She had closed
  her eyes trying to blot out the distractions, the realization that she was
  performing a private sex show for this man. But it was hard, the fear was taking
  the edge off her probing and made it difficult to concentrate. She moaned,
  rubbing a finger through her folds, the head of the vibrator on her clit. Sighing
  Tatyana ground her hips against her hand shivering, trying to make it happen.
  She crept closer&hellip; closer to the edge. Gasping she felt a knot of pleasure
  growing between her thighs.  
And then he reached down and took the vibrator away.  
She blinked, opened her eyes. What the?  
"You don't get to cum until you beg your Master for the privilage slave," he
  said.  
Frustrated, Tatyana reached up for the buckle of the gag.  
"No, no," he tutted, "the gag comes out when you promise to be respectful." He
  grabbed her hands and pulled them through the bars at the far end of the cage.
  A moment later he had locked her wrists together.  
"Would you like the gag out?" he asked sweetly.  
"MMPHPPHHH!!!!" She squealed, yanking at her bonds and rattling the cage.  
He captured a thrashing leg, rapidly wrapping a leather cuff about the ankle. "The
  price of having the gag out is respect," he told her as he locked the ankle
  to the side of the cage.  
Caught on the edge of orgasm the girl struggled wildly, banging on the cage
  and rearing up as he seized her remaining leg.  
"That means no asshole, no swearing, just yes Master, thank you Master." He
  locked down the leg. Now she was strapped firmly to the sides of the cage,
  open and vulnerable.  
Taking the vibrator he reached through the bars opening her shaved sex and
  moving the toy up and down the slit.  
"There," he said, flickering her clit and working his way slowly around her
  pussy lips, "does that feel good slave?"  
 "Unghhh, Tatyana moaned, feeling the toy probing through her sex. He touched
  the recently shaved areas the skin sensitive and bare. He legs strained against
  her bonds, eyes closed she shook her head.  
"No?"  
She nodded, flushed.  
"I believe we have a communication problem slave," he said, stroking her
  wetness with a fingertip. "I will remove the gag if you promise respect?"  
"Ummmmppphhhh," she nodded.  
"Very well then," reaching up he removed the gag, rolling the ball from her
  mouth, leaving it around her neck like a necklace.  
"Now does that feel good slave?"  
Tatyana wiggled her jaw to get the cramps out. Then she arched her back and
  sighed. She was ready now, almost desperate. She tried to think of a response
  but her kind was too flooded with sensation. From somewhere far away she heard
  her own voice&hellip;  
"Y&hellip;yes Master."  
This time there had been no hesitation, she had said what he wanted because
  she had to.  
Slowly he slid the vibrator inside her. A wet slurping noise accompanying
  every thrust as he pumped.  
"Ohhh," she moaned, rearing up. She truly felt her helplessness at that moment.
  Not only was this man, her captor, touching her most personal, sensitive places,
  he also controlled her sex completely. Helpless, a spectator in her own body
  she bucked and moaned as He stroked her clit with a second toy. The sensation
  was intense, left her panting, whimpering, as the toys reached deep into her
  sex. Touching sensitive spots. Her arms were numb she trust up wanting to feel
  something.  
"Do you want to cum slave?" he asked, working both toys in unison, "hummmm?"  
"Ohhhhh.... ohhh yes," Tatyana heard herself say. She felt her cheeks burn
  with humiliation, shame making her nipples pink as her treacherous mouth continued. "Yes
  Master."  
"Then cum for me.......now," He ordered upping his pace, milking her spasming
  pussy.  
"Unghhhh," she moaned trying to let herself cum, wiggling her ass against
  the thrusting toy. She could feel him moving the toys, working cunt and clit
  together, teasing, probing relentlessly using her body. Tatyana shuddered moaning
  deeply, her conscious mind jammed by an avalanche of sensations. He was good,
  he knew how to use a woman's body against her. She tensed, her body rapt in
  spasm, fair skin flushed, nipples hard as he milked her orgasm, prolonged it,
  kept it going while she bucked and screamed.  
"Was that good slave?"  
She almost didn't hear him the sound of her own racing heart filled her ears,
  she gasped for breath, chest heaving, legs quivering against the bonds.  
He asked again and this time it sank in. Slowly she realized what had happened
  blushing she answered. "Yes... Master."  
The hesitation was back he noticed but at least now she was calling him Master
  without prompting. It was a good start. Already he was thinking of the warm
  bed upstairs and the soft compliant body of Sapphire ready to relieve the incredible
  hard on he had.  
Still for the moment he was still training the new slave.  
"Pleasure like that will be your reward for your unquestioning obedience," he
  told her as he withdrew the toys, "unimaginable pain will be used to punish
  any error. Do you understand?"  
Tatyana's lips trembled as she felt her pussy spasm one last time as the
  toy slid slowly out.  
"Yes...Master," she moaned.  
He stroked her wet pussy. "What is this slave?" he asked.  
She gasped, feeling his touch. Her pussy lips were red and tender from the
  pounding of the dildo. She looked up at him, confused by the question.  
"What do you call it?" he clarified, hand stroking up and down the wet length.
  Already her hips had started to tremble.  
She swallowed back a moan. "M..my...pussy?" she asked.  
"This is called a cunt," he said firmly, "what is it called?"  
She blushed, "A cunt&hellip; M&hellip;Master?"  
"Good girl," he said stroking faster, "and who owns this cunt?"  
She could see where this was going. "Wait don't tell me," she smirked, "that
  would be you Master."  
She soon discovered that he was in no mood for flip answers.  
He pinched her clit hard, tugging on it until she writhed and squealed with
  pain.  
"AAHHHHH!!!!!"  
"Again but this time without the sarcasm," he said coldly.  
"Owww... owww... it is yours Master!"  
"Good," he said rubbing the tortured flesh better. "Now what is it for?"  
She paused, afraid the obvious answer was somehow incorrect.  
He slid one finer inside her damp hole and pumped. "Come on, you're not a
  virgin slave."  
Tatyana blushed and bit her lip. "S&hellip;sex then? F..fucking," she whimpered,
  her hips chasing his hand.  
"What is it for?" he asked again, the invading finger now joined by a thumb
  that cruised her pussy lips.  
"Ahhhhhhhhh," she swallowed, "I..it is for fucking Master!!!"  
"And who fucks it?" he asked pumping faster.  
"Unghhh," she moaned her eyes rolling back as the finger probed. She was
  panting, breathless and hot. From somewhere she managed to say, "Y..you...."  
"Again!"  
"You fuck it Master!!!"  
He slipped in a second finger, then a third, filling her, pumping together. "So
  what is this cunt for exactly?"  
"For&hellip;for you to fuck..." she gasped feeling the fingers curling inside
  her, "Master!!"  
"And the mouth? What is that for?" he pressed, as the fingers slipped ever
  deeper. By now she was gaping, hips chasing his hand as helplessly bound she
  was inched closer to another orgasm.  
Tatyana screwed her nose up. She knew what he wanted her to say, but she
  had never liked oral sex, didn't want this man to have the poewer to make her
  do it. "Kissing...Master," she stammered hopefully.  
"Its for sucking slave," he said, smiling at her evasion, "what does it suck?" He
  rubbed her clit with the rough pad of his thumb.  
She blushed, feeling the humiliation at what she must say, naked bound open
  like this, shaved bare. She knew she had no choice.  
"Cock, she whispered.  
"Whose cock?"  
Tatyana turned her head ashamed. "Yours..... Master, she whimpered.  
"So what is the mouth for?" he asked, pumping his fingers faster and deeper.  
Tatyana sighed, trapped into having to say it.  
"Sucking your ... cock... Master..." she moaned, biting her lip as the fingers
  stroked deeper.  
"And when the mouth is not sucking cock, what should I do with it?"  
"Uhhhhh... I don't know, she moaned, shaking her head, her damp hair stuck
  to her head.  
"What should I put in that mouth when it is not full of cock?" he asked,
  pressing on as she bucked his hand. "You know the answer slave."  
Tatyana craned her neck looking at the damned gag nestled between her breasts.
  She closed her eyes moaning, realizing.."  
"No..," she whispered pleading with her eyes.  
He stroked her G spot leaving her gasping and moaning.  
"What should be in the mouth when it is not full of cock?" he asked again
  stroking the clit and G spot together. "You will answer."  
Tatya pouted the taste of rubber still in her mouth "A .. a... gag.." she
  murmurs at last.  
"Again?"  
"Unghhhhh a gag... Master!!"  
"Is your mouth full of cock now slave?"  
"No...," she whimpered, looking down.  
"Then you know what to ask of your Master," he said as he moved her to the
  edge of a 2nd orgasm.  
"What?... no please... don't make me unghhhhhhh."  
He smiled. "Ask nicely." As he stopped all his teasing.  
She moaned, now far too needy to resist. "Please... gag... me Master," she
  moaned, wiggling her hips against his hand, "please!!"  
Removing his fingers, he took a penis gag from his pocket and slid it inside
  her. She whimpered, bucking, as he pumped it in once, twice, coating it thickly
  in cunt juices. Then he slipped it into her mouth and buckled it.  
Reaching down he started to pump his fingers into her again. This time she
  was more than ready. He pumped once, twice, and the orgasm started. Her cunt
  squeezing his fingers as he slipped them in and out, working to her rhythm
  eking out every spasm until she collapsed, spent on the floor of the cage.  
He sid a blanket through the bars and covered her, sliding a pad beneath
  her back and a pillow for her head. She needed to stay in the cage one night.
  Long enough to convince her she didn't want to be a "doggie." In the morning
  faced with the choice of cold dog food or a cooked human breakfast he was sure
  she would make the right choice.  
As she slipped into an exhausted sleep he made his way upstairs to the soft
  welcome arms of Saffie. Tatyana was going to be a challenge of course but then
  that was what he paid for. As he locked the door and started up the stairs
  he was already choosing slave names. Ruby was obvious, perhaps too obvious
  and he disliked the name. Something red though? Rose? Crimson&hellip;&hellip; yes!
  Maybe Crimson&hellip;.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





