BDSM Library - Susan's Christmas




Susan's Christmas
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Susan was expection a dull Christmas but when a dark intruder breaks into her appartment she soon gets a present she wasn't expecting.
Susan wasn't sure if she liked the winter. It was true that it could be pretty,
especially when the Christmas lights sparkled on the fresh white snow or were
reflected in the slick, mirror like puddles. On the other hand winter was also
cold and dark and pretty depressing especially near Christmas, especially if you
were on your own.  She signed. If anything this year was worse than usual. First
the company had announced that due to a bad year they were canceling not just
the Christmas bonuses but the staff party as well. Then the friend she had
expected to be visiting this year had called to say her kids had the measles and
that Sue should probably stay away.

As she trudged back through the melting snow Sue found herself looking at her
first ever Christmas alone.  Just off Broadway, she passed the brightly lit
windows of one of the department stores. In the window a Santa mannequin was
being tied to a Christmas tree by a group of rebellious elves. Sue stopped to
look at the animated display for a moment. Santa was tied with ropes and gagged
with a candy cane held in place by ribbon. As she watched the figures head moved
from side to side and the eyelids flickered in electronic distress.

She watched the mechanical Santa as it struggled with the ropes for a few more
minutes then she sighed wistfully. "Lucky Santa," she said.

.................................


It rained the last few blocks before home, by the time that Sue struggled into
her small apartment she was already soaked through. She pulled her boots off
tossed her wet coat over a convenient chair and headed towards the bathroom.
Shower first, she decided, then something hot to eat. The thought of watching
"It's a Wonderful Life" with a pint of chocolate ice cream was starting to sound
more and more attractive.

Susan took off her wet glasses and dried them, placing them carefully by the
side of the wash basin. She did a quick check of the towels and she was ready to
start.  Feeling a little happier she opened her bedroom door and stepped inside
heading straight towards her closet and...

"Hello Susan," a quiet voice said.

Susan stiffened and spun around. In the far corner of the room a man was siting
in one of Sue's old wooden chairs. The man was black in his mid to late
twenties, long hair pulled back into a set of dark pleated dreadlocks, large,
dark chocolate brown eyes looking at her from below a wide forehead that wore a
frown of surprise. His mouth was full, lips framed by a goatee beard and
moustache. He was dressed well in a long dark wool overcoat bellow which she
could see a pair of leather pants and a pair of dark boots.

Sue felt her heart in her throat.

"Who are..." she began.

The man raised a gloved finger to his lips.

"Shush Miss Cohen. Who I am and what I am doing here isn't important right now."
He held up his other hand, showing her the black silenced 9mm automatic he was
holding. "All you need to know is that I am the man who is in your apartment
with a gun and that if you want to live you will do exactly as you are told."
His voice was quiet and calm, without any sense of emotion at all. At the same
time his deep baritone gave the words an extra warmth and resonance she found
oddly reassuring.

Sue looked at the gun and whimpered. "Please..."

"Shush," he said again, this time more insistent, "You will remain quiet unless
I ask a question or you need clarification of any of my orders. If you speak
again out of turn I will be forced to gag you. Understand?"

"Y...yes Sir," Sue said her body trembling. Despite her situation the mere
mention of a gag had been enough to stir a spark of warmth down between her
thighs. His quiet commanding tone appealed directly to her hidden nature, to her
horror Sue found herself squirming on the spot. Flushed red with embarrassment
she fought to control her body.

"Very well," he said, looking her over. "WE will now establish the ground rules
for this relationship. First you will obey my orders quickly, completely and
without question. Is that clear?"

Sue trembled and fought the urge to look at her feet. "Y...yes Sir," she
stammered.

"Good," he said, "If you fight me, disobey me, obstruct my work or attempt to
draw attention to your situation in any way I will kill you. Is that also
clear?"

A chill ran up the girl's spine. "Yes Sir."

"Good," He looked upwards at the ceiling. "I know what you may be thinking," he
said, "This is an apartment house with people above, bellow and to either side.
You may be thinking that if you could scream or raise their attention then they
could somehow help you." He looked directly into her eyes, a dark look that
chilled her to the bone. I assure you that isn't so. If you involve anyone else
in our little drama then all you do is sign their death warrant as well as your
own. I assure you I would rather die than go to prison and if I am willing to
sacrifice myself rather than face incarceration then I certainly have no problem
removing a few innocent bystanders. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head, too frightened to speak.

"Good," he said, "now I want you to tell me that you are all alone, that no one
can help you."

Susan sniffed. "I... I'm all alone," she stammered, "N.. nobody can help me."

He nodded apparently satisfied and settled back in his chair. He looked her
over, his dark eyes taking in her long red hair the small nose and dark worried
eyes. Her lips were pinched closed, as if she were sealing them against
unintentional utterances.

"Ok Susan strip."

She looked up alarmed, fear on her pretty face. "W...why, w..hat are you going
to do to me?"

He ignored her. "Now Susan."

She shook her head. "No...please," she whispered, her large hazel eyes looking
at him for any signs of compassion.

Instead he reached into a duffel bag by his side , selected something and tossed
it to her.

Susan caught it on reflex, looking down to see that it was a black rubber ball
with a thin leather strap through its center. A ball gag! Despite everything a
thrill ran up her spine.

"I told you to be quiet Susan," he said, looking at her as she flushed and
squirmed in front of him. "If you can't do that yourself maybe this will help
you. Put the gag on and tighten it firmly. I know that you know how to use it."

She looked up, shocked and flushed a brighter crimson. She was going to argue,
to plead to promise she would be quiet, when his gloved hand leveled the evil
looking gun in her direction.

Trembling Susan opened her mouth. The ball was bigger than she would have
chosen, and once crammed behind her teeth it held her jaws painfully open. She
fought down the urge to gag, bending forward as he tightened the straps behind
her head. She whimpered a little as the ball inched back and increased her
discomfort. The rubber taste filled her mouth and already she was drooling. She
looked at him beggingly.
"Now strip," he said.

Sniffling Susan started to undress. Blouse first, then her damp skirt and hose.
For a moment she did consider stopping there and waiting for an explicit order
to remove her underwear. However, one glance at her captor showed he was in no
mood for games. Trembling and flushed with embarrassment she slipped off first
her panties and then her bra

"Legs parted, hands behind your head," he ordered, rising from the chair. Now he
was standing Sue could see that he was well over six feet tall. Walking forward
he towered over her. She flushed red and looked down as his eyes looked up and
down her body

Reaching down, he ran a gloved finger between the puffy lips of her shaved sex.

Sue stiffened, eyes closing for a moment as she moaned into the gag. She opened
her eyes to see him examining the juices on the end of his gloved finger.

"A ripe little slut I see," he said nodding

Sue could have died with embarrassment.

"Turn around, cross your wrists behind you," he ordered.

Still trembling she did as she was told,. There was a pause, and then she felt
cords being wrapped around her wrists, her hands being knotted behind. He seemed
quick and skillful, in no time he had taken her hands from her.

"Does that hurt or chafe?" he asked,

She shook her head.

"Wiggle your fingers." He watched as she obeyed. "If your fingers start to get
numb you are to let me know, ok?"

She nodded and he took her arm guiding her through the apartment to the
bathroom.

He nodded at the shower. "Get inside."

Relieved that for now her mysterious captor only wanted to bathe her Sue slipped
inside the small cubical. She turned to see him looking her over thoughtfully.
He stripped off the leather gloves and took a latex pair from his pocket. She
watched while he snapped them on, quick and professional as ever. He looked
around, finding a small blue shower cap that hung from a small rack near the
shower head. Gently he gathered up her long red hair, rolling it into a ball on
top of her head that he covered with the cap. Then he turned on the water.

Heat seeped through Susan's tired bones. Despite everything, the increasing pain
from the gag, her own desperate position she found herself moaning with delight.
And then he touched her. Strong fingers found her back rubbing scented bath gel
into her shoulders, washing in small circles first across the shoulder blades
and then down her spine. Sue shivered, arching her back and moaning as his
fingers continued. He parted her ass cheeks and soaped there, before forcing her
legs apart and washing her inner thighs and calves. Then his hand came around
her body, parting the folds of her sex, washing away the abundant juices that
had formed there since he'd first ordered her to strip. One hand had continued
up, soaping her belly and then each of her titties but his right hand stayed
between her folds, teasing back her clit hood while the tip of one finger played
across her erect bud. Sue moaned, head back, eyes closed, all thought of the
danger or the pain of the gag gone as a finger slipped inside her. He pumped...
in and out... once, twice, three times.

She moaned, trembling, her hips thrusting forward to meet his fingers
The other hand rolled a nipple, squeezing at the base firmly. She moaned even
deeper, feeling the heat between her thighs rising. His mouth found her ear,
biting the lobe lightly to get her attention.

"You will obey me now, wont you girl?"

Susan nodded blissfully. At that moment she was deep in subspace, his to command
and control any way he wanted. As another finger joined the one inside her she
bucked, moaning, whimpering and begging into the gag. Her hips quaking as he
forced her higher.... Held her on the brink for a two-heartbeat eternity... then
let her cum, harder and longer than she ever had in her life.


.................


"You must tell me if that hurts," he said, tying the final knot that tied her
bound hands to the frame of the old wooden chair.

"I am comfortable Sir, " Sue said quietly and respectfully. She was still high
on the aftermath of two orgasms in rapid succession. In fact she had been so
dazed that she had barely even noticed that he had dried her off or that he had
taken her back through into the bedroom and untied her. He had given her clothes
and she had dressed as ordered, a cream, silk and lace Victoria's secret bra,
panty and garter belt set that had been a present from an online admirer, long
white nylon stockings and the only pair of white heels she owned. He had crossed
her legs, tying them at the ankles before fastening them to the wooden
underframe of the chair. More rope at knee level helped keep her legs helplessly
together while similar ropes at elbows and wrists secured her arms behind her
back and tied them to the chair. A brief struggle told her all she needed to
know. She was helpless....

...and very, very turned on.

Her chair had been placed to one side of the old table that held her computer.
The machine hummed to itself, the screen saver moving its pattern over the
display. He had replaced the latex gloves with a dry pair, carefully storing the
old ones back in his bag, leaving no clue, no indication that he'd ever been
there. Looking around he checked a few things then reached into his coat pocket
and retrieved her glasses. Gently he placed them on her nose.

"Thank you Sir," she said now able to see the table clearly for the first time.
There next to the keyboard two scarves waited, one rolled into a tight ball the
other folded across the corners into a long thin strip with a knot tied in its
center. Susan blushed, not only because she understood the intent of the scarves
but because she knew where they came from. They were from the bag hidden in the
back of her closet, the one that contained her secret self-bondage supplies and
the few kinky toys she had collected. Which meant that her captor knew her
secret, he knew it all.

He looked at her. Chocolate brown eyes finding hers. On screen the computer
waited for the password for her dial up connection.

"You will tell me the password," he said, the command in his voice starting
shivers in her spine. At the back of her mind a little voice suggested that she
should resist him, but long before that thought was fully formed she felt her
lips answering.

"Redhotandblue, Sir," she whispered, "all one word."

He gave a small laugh. "Amusing," he said as his gloved fingers caressed the
keys. His fingers were long and delicate, abstractly Sue thought that he must be
clever with hands like those.. At the same time her body squirmed against her
bonds as she remembered each delicate touch in the shower. The modem whistled
and connected.

"Good girl," he said as he checked her connection status, "now if you will
excuse me I need to gag you again. I need to work without potential
interruption." 

She signed and opened her mouth for him. In truth he didn't need a reason to
silence her again, the power was his to take she was helpless to resist him.
Squirming with the sudden return of heat and moisture to her sex Sue waited
patiently while the balled scarf was used to pack her mouth. A moment layer the
knot was forced between her teeth and she felt the trailing ends of the second
scarf being knotted behind her head.

He sat and started to type while Susan squirmed and tried to get comfortable. It
was ironic, she thought, that she was finally in the position she had hoped for
so many times, bound and gagged in her best underwear, the helpless plaything of
a strong and commanding man. She gave a small muffled laugh. This would teach
her to be careful what she wished for.

Curious she leant forward to see just what her captor was doing with the
computer. It seemed that he had accessed her Email. A number of messages had
been prepared already and he was checking each one and sending it. As she
watched in enforced silence he fired off a mail to her friend Melissa
regretfully declining her Christmas invitation because of the measles. Then
another email went out asking for a rain check on Xmas lunch. As Sue watched a
half dozen emails followed crying off from dinners and lunches, Christmas
drinks, Chanukah meals and New Years parties. Finally, an Email to her boss
asking for two weeks of extended Christmas leave to deal with a family
emergency. Sue was pleased to see that the note promised an explanatory phone
call after the holidays --that seemed to suggest that she wasn't in immediate
danger. However with a few keystrokes the stranger had excused her from her life
for nearly a month. She swallowed back a gob of drool.

Nobody was going to be looking for her.

As Sue sat wide-eyed and shaking her captor pulled another surprise.

"I think it would be good if we checked on the gang don't you?" he asked as he
clicked on the icon for her chat program. The window opened to her favorite
server and two clicks later the window for her favorite bondage chat room was
opened.

"Popular girl," he said as greetings and private windows flew open. "Now let's
see who's in tonight?'

He started to type, answering some messages, saying hi to the channel as a
whole. Joking and confiding just as Sue herself would have done. To her dismay
her online friends seemed completely taken in. When one regular asked if Sue had
been tied up recently he had answered "That would be telling ;)" It became clear
though that he was waiting for something. He made an excuse about fixing a meal
and then went AFK.  Then he turned his chair, running a hand over her breast,
playing with the nipple though the lace cup of her bra.

"Quite a hidden world you have Susan," he said, hand moving the bra cup aside
far enough that her erect nipple was freely accessible. He rolled it, watching
as she moaned and wiggled in bondage. "Who would have thought it?" he continued,
"New York career girl, young, sexy, and you would imagine in great demand.
Except she hides a secret. A desire to be bound, controlled, dominated by a man.
A need to be made helpless and vulnerable, a need so great she cant find
happiness without it."


"Ummmppphhhh" Sue moaned, shaking her head. A tear had formed in her eye, one of
humiliation and need.

He nodded. "That's right," he said, "it's become a need. Two years hiding
anonymously in a BDSM chat channel looking for advice and companionship. A few
evenings attending BDSM clubs half terrified, half turned on, unsure if the next
man you meet will be the loving Master of your dreams or the serial killer of
your nightmares. It must have been tough for you. You probably thought that it
was the greatest joke of them all, a girl like you could easily get any normal
man she set eyes on. But the man she wanted was the one that would take her and
tie her and do what he wanted to her body. And that man you just could not
find."

She wept silently. When he said it in his quiet no nonsense voice it made her
feel stupid and small, like she was shooting for something she had no right to
have. That worked on her fears, on the terror of being truly helpless and lone.
Miserable she sobbed softly into the gag.


"You are lucky Susan," he said, reaching up to wipe a tear from her face, "you
see I was sent here to kill you tonight."

She looked up, eyes now wide and panicked. She strained against the ropes and
found no give, desperate she screamed into the gag, shook her head, no, no
begging silently as he stroked her face.

"Shush," he said placing a gloved finger to her gagged lips. The commanding tone
was back, she froze, eyes wide in terror.

He stroked his beard as if thinking, then settled back in her computer chair
hands folded on his lap, looking at her. At last he said. "Do you know what a
hit man is Susan?"

Sue nodded eyes wide, her mouth chewing on the gag, small whimpering begging
sounds emerging that were so soft only he could hear them.

He looked at her. "The government taught me to kill," he said at last, "Special
Forces at first, then something they call black ops. Things so secret, so
illegal that the government doesn't even admit they exist. When I got out I
offered my talents to the highest bidder and trust me I get paid well. Which
brings me to you." He reached forward and rubbed the tip of her nose. Still
frightened she yelped and tried to move back. He flashed her a broad, white
smile.

"Someone wants you dead Susan, someone is willing to pay $50,000 just to make
you disappear, permanently.  Now normally I wouldn't take a job that's well, so
cheap." He gave her an apologetic smile, "but this year with expenses I found
myself a little short this Christmas."

Susan's eyes became even wider. Someone wanted her dead? Her mind raced,
flicking though dozens of ever more unlikely suspects. Who would do such a thing
and why? It wasn't possible! He must be lying! Except the man had admitted to
being a hired killer, he would have no reason to do that unless he was either
telling the truth or mad, neither of which offered her much chance of survival.
Just then she had another thought one that was even worse than the first. She
was to die for Christmas money! She tugged again at the cords and screamed into
her gag..

"So I came in here and waited for you, " he continued, "looked though your
files, started to construct a cover story, something that would mean that nobody
would come looking for you until long after any trail of mine was cold." He
pointed at the busy chatroom. "And then I found these logs," he said, "such
need, so many dark fantasies, the want in your heart for someone to make you
theirs."

He lent forward, stroking her hair and shushing, calming the hysterical girl
down.  "You see Susan I understood that need, that loneliness. I understand
loneliness better than any man alive, and it was then that I decided to give you
the best Christmas present you have ever had. I'm going to give you your life."

Sue sobbed, most of the fear leaching from her body. She mumbled a thank you
into the cloth in her mouth. He laughed. "Don't thank me yet, " he said darkly,
"someone still wants you dead and that person can always hire another hit man."
He straightened. "Besides, a man like me has a certain rep. Cant have it getting
around that I 'm soft enough to let a mark go. Too many people will see that as
weakness, and that will never do. The only solution I can see is to take you
with me. I have a place for you, at my feet and in my bed.... If you want to
live?"

Sue sniffed but nodded quickly. He smiled. "Just a couple more things to do," he
said. He blinked at the screen.

"Looks like we have a winner," he said smugly.

"Ummmmpppph?"

Her captor smiled. "Seuss, he's the lawyer from Washington State isn't he honey?
The one always trying to ask you out?"

Sue shook her head.  "Ummm!"

He laughed softly. "No matter, he will do for now." He started typing. "Let's
start out by telling him about Melissa and the measles shall we?" His eyes
flashed over Seuss' reply. "Nice fellow," he said, "offers straight away to show
you Seattle." He typed again and Sue leant forwards reading with horror the
words he was typing.

"I'm afraid you're being a bit of a flirt tonight Susan, yanking his chain just
a little." He typed. "Now let's see what he'll do if he gets lucky?" As Sue
watched he typed again, accepting Seuss' offer, agreeing to come to Seattle on
the first available bus.

"He's offering airfare but we'll turn that down, you have your pride after all,"
he said with a low chuckle., "now let's fix a date...There... I bet he's the
happiest man alive right now and the perfect place for the police to start when
they can't find you in January."

He finished up, typed the good-byes and closed the machine down.

He turned to the struggling girl. "Now lets see what we can do with you?"


.............................................................................


"Perfect," he said, soft brown eyes looking over Sue as she stood in the center
of her apartment. The girl teetered in the red thigh boots with the on the 4
inch heels that he had made her wear. The boots had been a mistake, something
bought to increase her outfit's kink quotient the first time she had attended a
play party. She had found them almost impossible to walk in, and rather than the
sleek sexy walk she had envisaged she had spent the evening tottering between
chairs like a pensioner. If the boots had been hard to walk in then it was even
harder now. At knee level her legs were joined by a short hobble that stopped
her from taking anything more than a modest step. Above her knees she had
another problem in the form of a tight rope that passed between her legs and was
pulled up tightly forcing the silk panties deep into her sex. One end of this
rope was tied to her bound wrists, the other tied in a tight loop around her
waist. More rope ringed her body, tying her arms tightly by her side. Finally,
the gag had been strengthened with the addition of many layers of wide silver
tape. Sue could barely move and couldn't make any significant sounds.

Nodding he picked up her long winter coat. He paused for a moment, sticking the
arms into the pockets before wrapping it over her shoulders and fastening the
buttons. Taking her scarf he wrapped it around her mouth and nose to hide the
gag. The addition of her wooly hat and the dressing was finished.

He adjusted his own coat and pulled her close.

"Look at me," he said.

She looked up at him, scared and submissive.

"You will come with me quietly and cause me no trouble," he said stroking her
cheek, "cooperate and you will live, fight, run away and you die. Attract
anyone's attention and they are dead. Understand?"

She nodded, snuggling herself into his side as he led her through the door. They
met no one on their way down but out on the street people went about their last
minute shopping.

The couple walked on heads down against the weather.  The passers by distracted
by the weather and busy with other things didn't bother to look closer. If they
did they may have wondered about the woman's strange walk and her odd "fuck me"
boots. They may have wondered why the man held her so close, almost carrying her
as they forced their way through the crowd. Most of all they may have wondered
why the woman needed to stop every block, why she snuggled her companion and
trembled in his arms, almost like she was in the midst of an intense orgasm.

But it was Christmas and nobody looked.



She waited patiently on his bed. Not that he had left her any choice, cords
bound her satin gloved wrists behind her back, yet more wrapped her elbows
binding them to her body. She shifted slightly on the springy surface feeling
the cords that frog tied her ankles to their respective stockinged thighs. They
had driven for a long time, so long that Sue had fallen asleep in the back of
his car. She remembered him gently lifting her out, how she had smelt the cold
clean air and knew immediately that they had left New York, even though her
blindfold covered eyes couldn't see her new location.

He had taken her inside, unbound her in a bathroom, showered her again before
dressing her in clean, expensive lingerie made of silk and fine lace. She
remembered the baby blue corset that tightened around her, the matching
stockings that were fastened to the garters. He had made her fix her makeup at
that point, blusher for her cheeks, scarlet lipstick with liner and preserver.
Then he had made her put on the gloves, long white satin dress gloves that went
all the way up her arms, gloves he said would protect her delicate skin from the
cords with which he would bind her.

And bind her he did. Each ankle bound to its thigh, leaving her helpless, unable
to move but still easily accessible. Then he had bound her wrists, her arms. A
knotted silk scarf had cleaved her cherry lips reducing her questions to polite
murmurs. Then had come the blindfold, padded white leather, blocking out her
attempts to see what was next.

And so she sat nervous but incredibly turned on. Listening to the sound of the
shower, to the sound of the man that had tied her and taken her forcibly from
her home, as he prepared to come and rape her.

Rape? She wasn't sure she could call it that. Certainly a girl bound and gagged
awaiting her rapist would be scared, terrified maybe? And yet all Sue felt was a
growing excitement as she fidgeted and waited silently on the bed. This was
after all what she had dreamt of. The Master, dark mysterious and powerful,
ready to bind and control her, use her for his pleasure.

Even HIS ropes felt more like a hug than a prison. She shook her head trying to
cast off her schoolgirl-silly thoughts and concentrate on escape. Except she
wasn't sure if she wanted to escape.

She jerked as his hand caressed her cheek.

"I need to dress," he told her in his rich dark voice. She felt his hand stroke
the front of the side laced silken G string she was wearing. Suddenly she smelt
something.... musky....

"My goodness you're damp," he said, the laughter evident in his voice, "and you
are trembling like a school girl on a first date." He chuckled, a rich sound so
different from the stern way he had spoken to her in the apartment.  She found
that oddly comforting as she blushed crimson with extreme embarrassment.

"I will be a few more minutes," he told her, "here, let me arrange some
entertainment while you wait." She heard it then, the low buzzing of an
electrical toy. You yelped into the gag, squirming and moaning as he played the
vibrating tip of the device up and down her silk front panties. In a moment her
nipples seemed bullet hard, her head was back, she made deep moaning sounds in
her throat, her mouth chewing on the silk of the gag. He moved the toy up and
then down her slit. The panties in between making the motion smoother, slinkier
and sexier than she had experienced before. She whimpered as the device started
downwards. She bounced on the bed, adjusting her position and opening her bound
legs wider, giving him more access. He chuckled and she felt the band or her
panties being pulled forward. Two gentle fingers parted the wet folds of her sex
and then she felt the cylindrical intruder sliding down, resting between her
parted lips as his hands withdrew.

Sue moaned and bucked, the vibe moved a little but he had not rolled back her
clit hood and the toy rested between her sensitive bud and the mother lode of
sensation. The little strip of skin dampened things, not much, but enough.
Turned on, the vibration buzzing her clit, her lips and the dripping entrance to
her sex Sue knew that she would never get off. She was teased to distraction,
but the orgasm would never be hers.

 Sue fell onto her side then rolled onto her front, bound legs open as wide as
the bonds would allow, silk panties pressed against the silken cover of the bed.
She whimpered, panting with need as she started to hump the bed. Her body
slipped over the silk sheets but they proved to be a little too slick, though
the sensation of the silk against her skin upped the sensation level a little,
the sheets did not offer any resistance to the vibrator or her soaked panties.
As she desperately struggled on the bed the extra cunt stimulation she needed
seemed as far away as ever.

She heard him chuckle, felt his hands rolling her back to a kneeling position.

"My, my, what a horny little slut you are Susan," he laughed, "it seems I can't
leave you alone for a moment."

He freed her breasts from the corset cups, hands playing slowly over her erect
nipples. Sue writhed. Unable to see, her world became full of tactile sensation.
The insistent buzzing of the vibrator against her sex, her own wetness, his hand
on her soft breast flesh, the gentle squeezing of the corset, the taste of the
silk in her mouth.

It came together in one thought and concept. Well, not one, really two thoughts
that meant the same, or was it four or six? She was
helpless-bound-safe-wanted-owned-helpless. 

And it felt good....

"I was stationed in Asia," he said, the smoothness of his voice washing over her
as his hand played slowly across her nipple. She whimpered, attention split
between the vibrator, the touch of his hand and the silk of his voice.

"Black Ops," he continued, strong fingers applying a firm but gentle pressure as
he rolled her nipples, "the sort of thing your government would never admit to,
kidnap, assassinations, sabotage. Lot's of bad boys out there, North Korea,
Chinese Triads, lots of people Uncle Sam wanted dealt with." He reached down,
pulling on the bows that tied the panties to her. They fell away taking the
vibrator with them. Sue moaned with frustration, her body tingling from so much
attention.

Reaching down he stroked her thigh.

"We were based in Japan, had a lot of contact with Japanese Intelligence. Now
back home I always thought the Japanese just knew how to make a cool hi-fi. Out
there they are one of the meanest kids on the block. Know a lot of things the
Japanese, things we call trade craft. Unarmed combat obviously, but one of the
things they are good at is torture. I suppose it come from all those ancient
studies of che points."

Sue stiffened at the word "torture" gave a muffled yelp into the gagging silk
before his finger slipped gently though the damp folds of her sex. She
whimpered, then became lost again in sensation.

"Torture is all about nerves," he said, running one fingertip up and down her
wetness, "where nerves are concentrated, where they are close to the skin, how
sensitive they are, what sensation they transmit. The Japanese have turned that
into a science. Mapped out every nerve cluster, every pressure point and ganglia
in both the male and female bodies. My Chief once told me that the Japanese had
experimented in Manchuria during the war, tested those theories on Ailed POW's
in Burma. I didn't know or care. All I knew was that a Japanese interrogator can
get a full confession from a hardened Chinese agent in one day and not leave one
mark on his body."

He noticed the new stiffness in her body. She was sill squirming of course, his
roving finger was now sliding deep into her sex, but she was weary too and
perhaps more than a little scared. He sat on the bed next to her, gently moving
her head to one side, kissing her naked collarbone, the hair of his beard rough
against her pale skin. Sue whimpered, fear and desire fighting for her
attention.

"We invented a game," he whispered, as he kissed his way up towards her neck.
"You see the clusters of nerve endings you can hurt, the ones that can cause
such agony, can also be caressed, teased, made to send more subtle messages to
the brain. Didn't take ten horny guys long to realize that those torture
diagrams we had were a map to the female body. So at night, when we were at
liberty, we'd head down to the harbor, where the bar girls and hostesses catered
for lonely service men and we practiced on their willing bodies." He paused then
kissed her, the tip of his tongue finding the pulse point in her neck between
the collarbone and her throat, a moment later he gently pressed her clit with
the pad of his thumb.

To Sue it felt like a wonderful tingly ball of sensation had started down her
spine from her neck, She arched her back, moaning as the bubble of pleasure went
straight to her wet sex. Then as that bubble hit her clit his thumb was there,
the pressure containing the sensation, channeling it. Sue didn't cum, the
sensation was more like a dry orgasm, Her hips rose up, fucking the air as she
desperately chased his retreating hand. It had felt like an orgasm, the part of
her that could think decided, it had that kind of intensity, but instead of
leaving her satisfied the pleasure had left her wanting more. As she sat,
shivering on the bed she became aware of two things, the trickle of juices from
her sodden sex, and the sound of her own gagged voice begging into the silk.

"We became very popular," he laughed, as he surveyed his handiwork, "within a
month bar hostesses were buying us drinks, girls would strip at our tables, even
in clubs where there were no strippers.  We had some help, apparently those
ancient Ninja's were taught seduction as a martial art, often the easiest way to
a powerful man was through the women in his court, wives, concubines,
daughters.... One of our guys started to research it, we then just applied what
we knew to what they knew."

He flicked the spot on her neck again, two heartbeats later his thumb squeezed
her clit. Sue screamed into the gag, her hips quivering. A moment later she was
babbling into the gag again, desperate to cum, willing to tell him anything, do
anything. She fought the ropes, mind now too addled to let her coordinate,
helpless to get release herself she begged and whimpered.

He stroked her cheek. "Would you like the gag off Susan," he asked gently.

Sue babbled and nodded, too turned on, too needy to think right then.

"If I remove the gag, then you must agree to the use of your mouth to please
me?"

"Ummmmppppphhh," Sue whimpered nodding enthusiastically. Tied and helpless the
only way to get release was to beg for it and she needed her mouth for that. She
would agree to anything to have the gag removed!

"Very well," he said reaching behind her head for the knot.

"P..please, please Master," she whimpered.

He placed a finger to her lips. "Not Master," he told her gently, "as a man of
color I find the whole Master/slave symbolism extremely distasteful. You will
call me Sir, simple and respectful. You will refer to yourself as "your girl" or
"this girl." Am I clear?'

"Y..yes Sir," she swallowed, "y..your girl needs.."

"She needs to cum," he said, fingers slipping through her wet sex. Sue whimpered
and writhed on the spot, biting back a cry of need.

"Tell me girl do you deserve to cum? Have you done anything for your Sir that he
should reward you for?"

"Noooooo!" she wailed, "but I will Sir, your girl is good Sir, she will do
whatever you desire."

He laughed. "Oh of that I am sure," he said, his voice amused. He was playing
his hand across her bullet hard nipples, smiling at the way her breasts tried to
chase his touch.

"Ppplease," Sue whimpered.

"You want to be mine?" he pressed.

"Ohhh oh yes," she breathed as he touched her. She nodded to reinforce the
affirmative.

"You want to live here with me, as my property and possession for as long as I
desire?"

"Aha!" she nodded.

Gently he moved her onto her side guiding her head forward. Sue smelt leather
close by, her cheek brushing against smooth hide. Then her sensitized nose
picked up a new odor, one a little more musky.. something brushed against her
lips.

"Open little one," he commanded. Subdued and needy Sue opened her mouth, feeling
his cock slipping between her lips. Gingerly she explored it with her tongue,
the wide head tasting of musky lubrication, then the long veined shaft. Unable
to see her mouth was her only sensation, It seemed enormous, filling her small
mouth far more completely than even the ball gag had. Dutifully she moved her
head back and forth, sucking in, applying pressure to his shaft as her flattened
tongue swirled and teased at his glands. She felt him stiffen and moan softly.
Moving as much as she could in her bonds she took him deeper, blindly slipping
down the shaft. She let him slip from her mouth, licking up the length of his
shaft with the questing tip of her tongue.

She shivered in bondage, desperately wanting to cum, her drenched thighs cooling
in the air, her hips trembling as her mouth serviced his need.

She felt a hand on her thigh, steadying her leg while a knife slit the bonds. He
rolled her, repeating the process and freeing her other leg. Moaning with relief
Sue straightened her legs. Then, as he was getting used to the movement he
picked her up, seemingly as easily as if he was holding a rag doll. She felt the
pressure of a wall against her back, felt his hands on her hips, felt something
press against her damp sex and force its way inside.

"Oh God!"

He grabbed her hips, thrusting up, pressing her against the wall. He pumped, in,
out, once, twice, three times.

"OhmyGodOhmyGod," Then even that was lost as she started to babble incoherently.

Unable to see, almost unable to move Sue's complete attention was focused on his
cock which filled her completely. She felt her pussy ripple as he pulled out,
felt herself clamp down as he thrust in again, harder. He thrust in again, and
again and again. As the pleasure rose it began to dawn on Sue that she should be
cumming, and cumming hard, and yet though the sensation kept increasing the
orgasm did not. At about this time she realized that his thumb was pressed
painfully against a spot on her thigh.........

"Oh P..please Sir, let your girl cum!" The words had popped out before she had
even known what was happening. She felt his thumb move, the pain on her hip
dissipate at the moment that a tidal wave of pure pleasure fell upon her. Sue
was vaguely aware that she was cumming, one orgasm that seemed almost endless as
it gate-crashed her mind...

... at that moment all she could do was ride the wave...

And then she drowned in it.




She awake in his arms, siting curled on his lap in front of a roaring wood fire.
The blindfold was gone, her gloved hands released from her back where now tied
to a wide leather belt fastened around her waist. On her feet were white leather
pumps, held in place by straps around her ankles. Just above were two, padded
white leather ankle cuffs fastened together by a length of chain. Her head
rested on his shoulder and she must have twitched a little as she woke because
he said.

"Did you sleep well little one?"

Sue stretched, purring a little. A feeling of after sex well being and the
warmth of the fire giving her a wonderful contented feeling.

"Yes my Mas... er Sir," she said.

He kissed her head. "Good."

He said nothing more, seemingly content to watch the fire. Sue snuggled happily.
Feeling his body, its strength and power, close by was oddly comforting. For a
while she was content to listen to his heartbeat. Then of course questions
started to pop into her head, thoughts that disturbed her tranquility. Finally,
lip trembling she plucked up the courage to ask.

"S..sir? Why did you take m.. your girl Sir?"

"Would you have preferred that I killed you," he asked. His voice was level,
there was no hint of malice there, but it still made Sue tremble.

She swallowed. "No Sir," she said respectfully, "but Sir did not have to take
this girl and make her his either.."

"If I had left you there someone would have finished the job I neglected. You
have a powerful enemy girl, fifty thousand is a lot of money in a world where
you can be murdered for pocket change."

She shivered and snuggled closer, burying her face against the soft cotton of
his shirt.

"Please Sir, who would want this girl dead and why?"

There was no immediate answer so Sue shifted her position slightly, looking up
at his face to see him frowning. He took a small sip of whiskey from a glass.

"I must confess to be asking myself that same question," he said, "men such as
myself only ever know the target and the price, the originator of the contract
and the reason for it are never divulged." He looked down. "Can you think of any
reason someone would want you dead so badly?"

Sue looked into the fire. In truth she had asked herself that same question. As
they had driven from the city with Sue bound, gagged and blindfolded beneath a
blanket on his back seat, she'd had plenty of time to think though dozens of
people and thousands of stupid motives. In the end she had come to the
conclusion that it was all a mistake, though she doubted anyone made those kinds
of mistakes with fifty thousand dollars.

"No Sir," she said at last.

"After the holidays I will make some discrete enquiry's," he said, taking
another sip from the glass. Pausing he brought the glass to her lips and she
gratefully accepted, letting the burning liquor trickle down her throat to warm
her stomach..

He stroked her hair. "Who are you girl?'

Sue smiled, "I am your girl Sir," she said snuggling happily. It was hard to
imagine that a few hours ago she was trudging home to her first Christmas alone.
It all seemed like another lifetime, almost like it had happened to someone
else.

"What will you do with me M..Sir," she asked, correcting herself again.

"Tomorrow I will start to train you," he said, "teach you the things a girl
needs to know to best serve her Sir and keep herself and him safe from those
that would hurt them. Then I will teach her how to please her Sir, how to do for
him the things that makes his life complete and full."

He looked down to find her asleep, snuggled happily against hi, a wisp of red
hair falling across her face. Slowly so as not to disturb her he bent down and
kissed her forehead.

"Tomorrow.." he whispered.

/===========================================================/


Sue rested for a moment, gasping in a deep breath through her nose and around
the knotted scarf in her mouth. She turned her head and "looked" for Him,
knowing He would be nearby, knowing He would never leave her alone in such an
extreme position. Still, she wished he hadn't used the blindfold. She liked to
watch him as He exercised, liked to watch His muscles as they flexed beneath the
dark ebony of His skin.

Perhaps that was why He had blindfolded her, she thought, to ensure that she had
no distractions? Yet if that was true it didn't explain this.......

She squatted, simultaneously thrusting her hips forward to meet.....? She didn't
know what it was, it had been here when she had arrived in the weight room bound
and blindfolded that morning, all she knew was what it did. Her crotch hit the
padded bar as her ass fell and her hips rolled forward. The padding was covered
with something smooth and lubricated because her latex fronted panties slid
across it easily as she thrust her crotch forwards. She had judged her moment
perfectly, the padded bar was moving backwards at exactly the moment that she
moved her hips forwards. The bar pressed the latex panel hard against her crotch
rolling the two dozen little rubber cilia through her wet sex.  Sue groaned,
feeling the tiny fingers as they stroked and teased all the way to her erect
clit. For a second she bucked against the smooth bar as it slid beneath her then
it stopped, her sex pressed hard against a sponge rubber buffer. A split second
later the buffer bust to life, giving 5 seconds of intense, pulsed vibration
that Sue could feel in the core of her being.

She moaned into the gag again, her spread legs now feeling like rubber. Gasping
she pulled down hard on the suspension cuffs He'd wrapped around her wrists,
pulling herself up and off the machine, allowing it to reset for another sweep.
As she stood panting she wondered where He was? Was he on the treadmill? Or the
stationary bike? Or one of the weight machines? Perhaps his own workout was over
and he was standing just in front of her drying the sweat from his body? She
could imagine his bemused smile as she writhed before him.

She tried to picture what he saw in her own mind. Her face would be almost
covered by the padded spandex blindfold/sweatband and the thick, white cleave
gag. Her hair was pulled into a loose bun behind her head. At the right angle
you could probably see the wax plugs that filled her ears. She imagined her
naked torso damp with sweat, a frosting of little droplets over most of her body
with a rivet or two rolling gently over her skin as she moved. Her arms and legs
spread by their cuffs into a loose X would be starting to show the fatigue of a
long workout. Her ass was covered by a pair of loose weave panties, the front
section of which was the latex panel with its wicked little fingers.

Sue blushed, she could feel a bead of moisture running down her right inner
thigh that she knew wasn't sweat. She wondered what he would think?

She squatted and swung her hips forward, again meeting the padded bar on the
machine as it slid beneath her in the opposite direction. She moaned deep,
wiggling as the relentless rubber fingers did their work. This was one of the
"pleasurable exercise" methods he had found to ensure that she enjoyed sharing
his lengthy workout with him. In the past year he had taken her in hand, strict
but kind, relentless and merciful, he had bent her body and mind to his service.
As Sue ground forwards, in what had to be the most erotic abs workout she had
ever done, she wondered briefly if any of her friends, friends of that old,
free, miserable Sue, would even recognize her now.

The Sue of today was a very different creature from the lonely girl He had
snatched from her apartment last year. He had pressed her hard on her physical
training, forced her onto the same high protean diet plan he was on. He'd
started her on a regime of martial arts, as well as what he called the female
arts, belly dancing from Persia, the Art of Grace taught to the Japanese Geisha
and a Hindu sexual exercise that He found most enjoyable. Her body felt better
than it had in years. He had taught her service too, refined her submissive
nature to better serve his will. He had done this with chains it was true, and
occasionally with flogger and paddle, but most usually with his mastery of her
body. When he wasn't at the cabin she would yearn for his presence, when he was
here she strove for his touch, when he touched her she wanted him deep inside
her safely restrained body.

He touched her. Two hands grasped her breasts from behind, large hands, ones
that wrapped her flesh in his. She felt the touch of his thumbs on her nipples,
gentle teasing, a rub, a flicker, a roll, a caress.  She pulled down on the
wrist bonds, lifting herself up. As she did so she felt the touch of his hand on
her hips and then the panties fell away. For a moment her pussy yearned for the
soft smooth latex and the questing rubber fingers. But then His own fingers were
there, opening the wet maw and sliding a digit deep inside. She could feel him
behind her, the touch of his skin, the tickle of his chest hair against her
back. His arms wrapped around her, embracing her, as his hands roamed the front
of her body. He beckoned with his finger, the soft pad finding the spongy
roughness of her G spot with the skill of a traveler who had been this way many
times before. Sue pulled down harder on her bonds, moaned deeply and let her
head fall back. His mouth found the nape then, tiny teasing kisses that kept
time with the insistent finger as he beckoned her towards orgasm. Sue bit down
hard on the gag. The blindfold, the earplugs, both stripped her of her most
powerful senses, without them her world was only His touch, the smell of his
body, the softness of his skin against hers.

She bucked, bit down harder, moaning and crying as he stroked her ass, slid one
fingertip over her belly, then played the palm of his hand over her naked
breast. The machine must have been moved because the next moment she felt him
shift, facing her now, hands grasping her buttocks. She felt the insistent
pressure of his cock against her pussy lips, her surrender as they parted and he
slipped easily into the warm dampness of her inner core.

Sue trembled. He slid in an inch at first, digging his nails lightly into her
soft ass flesh and lifting her to meet him. He withdrew and thrust again, her
body pulled against his as he rammed home. There was a firmness in the action, a
power, but no violence. She was naked and helpless, powerless to do anything but
satisfy His wants. She felt the moment of submission, of the bending of her body
to His will and whimpered into the gag. Thrusting forwards he claimed his
property, three strokes, four, and then she felt her pussy start to spasm. A
moment later and she started to cum as he pounded in relentlessly. He gave her a
head start, one that ensured her completion, and then she felt his cock jerk
inside her, the feeling of warmth as she accepted his seed.

And then she felt peace.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-;

Sue sat naked on his lap in the hot tub. Her wrists where bound in front with a
clean piece of nylon rope, her rubber "Bath collar" with the tiny brass cat bell
was buckled about her throat. The wine was good, the music relaxing and Sue was
happy.

She snuggled up to Him.

"I have something I have to ask you," he said.

"Ask Sir?" Sue said, he asked her things all the time. Was the rope too tight,
did she like the color of her latest outfit? But somehow Sue knew this was one
of those big questions, the ones she normally was allowed no opinion or choice
over.

Master questions.

She giggled a little at the thought. He had insisted that she not call him
Master, but still she couldn't help but think it. It was her own, slightly
twisted, rebellion.

"When I took you and brought you here," he said, his dark honey coated voice
suddenly serious, "I told you that someone had paid for your murder. If you
recall you had no idea who this person was or their motive. I now know these
answers. Does my girl want to hear them?"

A year ago she would have said yes immediately, a year ago she would have still
felt upset. Today she snuggled up close to him and reached for her glass with
her bound hands. She took a sip then craned her neck upwards and kissed his
cheek.

"Maybe later Sir," she said.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------;

Ask anyone in the office and they would tell you that Mary Anne was a good
worker. Beyond that you would get mixed opinions, many would say she kept
herself to herself, some would say she was a snob. In any case all would agree
that she was efficient and that she put in long hours.

Like tonight, December 23rd when her ragged collection of co-workers had left
the charity offices for an impromptu Christmas party in a downtown restaurant.
Some had cajoled her to come, some had put aside their usual resentment of her
behavior for the sake of the Christmas spirit and begged her to come. She had
politely and forcefully refused and secretly relieved they had gone to the
restaurant without her.

Now she sat in her cubical in front of her computer. Adjusting figures here,
changing percentages there, doing a thousand things that were completely
nonsensical.

Unless you were a forensic accountant.

Sue's gloved hand pressed the blade to the soft fleshy portion of Mary Anne's
neck. "Working late?" she asked.

Mary Anne stiffened. "Wha.." she started.

Sue pressed the blade harder and tutted. "I don't recall giving you permission
to talk Mary? Do you?"

The woman shook her head gingerly, mindful of the knife.

"Why don't you ever so sweetly apologize for your big mouth?" Sue suggested.

"S... sorry," Mary managed to stutter

"I don't really think that was good enough, do you?" Sue asked, "Try it my way.
Say Sorry Mistress, this slack mouthed whore apologizes for her stupid fat
mouth."

"S...sorry Mistress, t..th..his slack mouthed whore ap..apologizes for her
stupid fat mouth," Mary Anne somehow stuttered.

Sue smiled. "You see, didn't I tell you that was so much better?" Sue asked
sweetly.

"Much as I'd like to chit chat Mary, I'm just afraid that gossipy, nasty little
mouth of yours would get in the way." Sue dropped a large red ball gag on Mary's
desk. "Let's try this on for now?" she suggested, "it was the biggest ball we
could find, figure it will fit a big mouth nicely."

She took a step back allowing the trembling woman to force the huge ball into
her mouth and tighten down the strap. It was a tight fit, Mary's jaw started to
ache within seconds.

"Now Mary, bring the Swiss accounts up for me," Sue insisted.

"Umpphhh?" Mary Anne grunted shaking her head.

"Please don't be coy," Sue said, "I know all about them. Make me punch them up
and you will be sorry."

Mary Anne sighed and punched some keys. Soon the balances of three Swiss bank
accounts displayed on the screen.

"Humm," Sue said, "quite a haul Mary. Not a bad rate of pay for a years work?
Now put your hands behind your back."

Sobbing Mary did as she was told and Sue locked them in a pair of police issue
cuffs. It was only then that she spun Mary round.

It took the bound woman a moment to recognize her attacker, the new Sue was
leaner and more athletic than before, and the old Sue would not have worn so
much leather to the office.

"Like the look Mary?" she asked, seeing the woman's wide eyes, "I call it the
dead-and-on-the-run look. Could be big in Milan next year."

"Ummmfff," Mary said.

"Glad you think so," Sue smiled, "I am the ghost of Christmas past, here to
bring back memories of last Christmas, the Christmas you hired a professional
hit man to kill me. Remember that?"

Mary shook her head.

"Yes you're right," Sue said, "the ambience is just so wrong. Perhaps it we took
a few things back to the way they were last year it would jog your memory. Let's
see. Well being bound and gagged in front of the computer is definitely
evocative of MY last Christmas but......"

Sue brightened. "I know, you really didn't have all this money in Zurich last
year did you Mary?" she nodded at the computer screen. Mary's eyes widened. As
she watched the balances started falling. Startled the woman struggled with the
cuffs, trying to reach the keyboard. In front of her the totals reached zero.

"There," Sue smiled, "this was just about where we were last year when you
realized that if you wanted to REALLY embezzle some money it wasn't enough to be
financial controller, you really needed access to poor little Sue's job too. You
tried all the traditional ways to remove me, you started your fair share of
water cooler whispers, you rubbished me with my boss but in the end people here
liked me more than they liked you. It was then you decided you needed a more
.....forceful way to make a vacancy."

Sue sat back on the desk opposite. "Must admit that that had us stumped for
months. Who would pay to kill a girl that works for a charity? Doesn't make
sense, I mean what can you gain? The answer of course is nothing while she is
there but once I was gone YOU where a hero. You stepped in offering to do my job
as well as your own, take up the slack while they found a replacement. Of course
they agreed, they even gave you the job of hiring my permanent replacement once
the police said they believed I was dead. Gosh darn it you tried so hard to find
a replacement too, pity there were no suitable applicants, what a martyr you
were to struggle on alone."

She looked at the screen. "Of course what they didn't know was that I handled
all the really big private contributors, the ones whose "gifts" don't have to be
individually declared in the financial report. You know the ones we thank
personally in the opening pages? The people that only the fundraiser and the
financial controller know if they had donated fifty thousand, or just fifteen?
And of course with the markets down a bad year for contributions is to be
expected.... Right?"

Sue smiled.

"Yeah thinking that through took a while. In case you are wondering the money is
back in the charity accounts. Tomorrow that cute Eliott Spitzer will have the
details delivered to him by FedEx.  Tonight....." she paused, "I thought I'd put
up my decorations..."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------;

Bistro Maxine was on the 22nd floor of the Mariott Towers hotel. The party had
booked a table near the window. The gentleman arrived early, read the menu and
in a dark honey laced voice ordered for both himself and his date. He was shown
to the table at eight. She joined him a moment after eight fifteen as agreed.

He stroked her face with the back of his hand. "Did it go well my little one?"

She shivered as the warmth of his voice rippled up her spine then she nodded
happily. "Yes Sir and thank you again for trusting me to do it for myself."

"It was never a question of trust," he said, "merely of safety. Please try the
wine. I believe the first course will be arriving shortly."

They looked down the busy street towards the building that had once been Sue's
office. Sue raised her kid gloved hand and checked the time on her new watch.
This was her Christmas present from Him. Back home she knew only one time, the
time to serve him, the watch was a token that the real world was now open to her
as well.

She looked at the building and at the picture window on the seventeenth floor.
She reached into her purse and passed him a pair of opera glasses. Smiling he
looked at the window.

Sue cleared her throat and as if at her signal a light went on on the
seventeenth floor. There in the window a naked woman was displayed. She was
bound open in a tight X, suspended over the window in such a way that her
recently slaved sex was clearly visible. Two lines of clothes pins were fastened
down each side of her pussy lips with a larger pin, this one painted red,
clamped firmly over her clit. A cardboard sign hung from binder clips fastened
to the woman's nipples. On it was the word "Embezzler" in large black letters.
Fairy lights had been would around the woman's outstretched limbs and where
turning on and off in series, an effect that only served to draw more attention
to her predicament.  Sue swelled with pride as she watched her Master's interest
in the helpless woman's recently shaved crotch. Even from here it was easy to
see that her cunt wasn't empty and that the thing that filled it was connected
in some way to the string of lights on her left leg. When the lights came on the
woman twitched and writhed in her tight bondage. He smiled as he saw her eyes
widen and her mouth fight fitfully with the mass of silver tape that covered her
mouth.

"Interesting tableau," he commented as they started their soups, "I assume the
clothes pins..."

".....Are attached via a very long string to the door? Yes Sir," Sue nodded,
"She is in for quite a shock when they burst in to rescue her." She grinned. "I
have a poem," she said clearing her throat again.

"Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was
stirring not even the Rat,

"She had been bound in the window with care, displayed 'till the cops and the
firemen got there,

And as for the girl whose revenge played a part, she smiles at her Sir and she
gives him her heart;"

He smiled and kissed her hand. "Thank you, little one," he said, " next year
though, I'd like a tie."

Smiling he glanced out of the window again. Unfortunately the seventeenth floor
window wasn't turned anywhere near a long busy street. Mary Anne could go
unnoticed until morning.

He smiled. "And now my dear you must forgive me but an artist needs the
adoration of her audience."

He glanced out the window again, looked shocked and then in his deep baritone
that carried to every corner of the restaurant said. "My word, isn't that a
NAKED woman?"

People started to flock to the windows. Comments where made, Sue saw cell phones
being used.

And the city lit up like a Christmas Tree.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





