BDSM Library - The Assistant Principal And Instant Messenger




The Assistant Principal And Instant Messenger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Once again AOLs Instanting Messaging facilitates a bondage encounter involving a submissive female high school assistant principal and a dominant male. The encounter turns out not to be quite what she expected. The entire story is told in the female's own words.THE ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL AND INSTANT MESSENGER by Skip  
CODES: M/F, F/F, Consensual, Heavy, later NC  
SYNOPSIS: Once again AOLs Instanting Messaging facilitates a bondage encounter
  involving a submissive female high school assistant principal and a dominant
  male. The encounter turns out not to be quite what she expected. The entire
  story is told in the female's own words.  
My name is Joyce, I'm 48 years old, and reside in a rural area of Central
  Pennsylvania and work as an assistant principal at a high school in a nearby
  city with a population of around 30,000. I've been divorced for six years and
  have two daughters both married.  
I regard myself as being extremely appealing sexually and in excellent physical
  condition for my age. My friends tell me I don't look like I'm over 40.I'm
  5'8", 120 pounds, a brunette with hazel eyes and measurements of 36-24-36.
  I'm very much an egomaniac about my body but still my sex life is limited.
  I have a male friend who lives in Ontario(Canada) and travels to the area three
  or four times a year on business. When he does he stays at my house and we
  are sexually intimate. Other than that I rely on a vibrator to obtain my sexual
  gratification.  
I'm considered haughty and overbearing by both the faculty and students at
  the school I work at. My chief responsibility is disciplining students and
  to a lesser degree faculty. Its easy enough enforcing the dress code for students
  but not so easy when you have to tell some 26 year old music teacher and wannabe
  American Idol contestant that her skirt is too short. For this reason I'm not
  the most popular lady in town. Call me elitist but I refuse to date any male
  who is not of professional stature such as a lawyer or doctor but I haven't
  had many offers either. At the fitness center where I work out I'm regularly
  propositioned by male jerks and I derive pleasure from turning them down.  
One of my leisure pursuits is AOL. I've been a subscriber for at least ten
  years. In addition to using the internet to further my intellectual pursuits
  I regularly engage in chat rooms such as "Pennsylvania Over 40" but have always
  avoided the sexually explicit ones.  
One day for a reason that still escapes my memory I came upon a bondage website
  and pictures of nude or semi-nude females being restrained and tortured or
  otherwise humiliated. It resulted in immediate arousal so I explored further.
  My bondage consciousness at that time was nil. I don't ever recall my ex or
  my Canadian lover ever mentioning it. The closest I came to thinking about
  bondage was that I occasionally fantasized about taking some of the problem
  students, especially the sluttish females, and tying them to a chair for the
  entire day.  
In the course of exploring bondage I learned quite a lot mainly that there
  are different forms of bondage. Some women enjoy being restrained and used
  sexually, others enjoy pain, others enjoy being dominated with varying degrees
  of restraint, sex and pain. It set me to thinking that I might enjoy being
  forced to be submissive to a male. I have a very authoritarian personality
  and I read somewhere that such females sometimes harbor a desire for role reversal.  
Finally I summoned enough determination to surf in bondage chat rooms but
  not before creating a special screen name just for that purpose. My profile
  only stated I was a female from Pennsylvania. I didn't want to chance any of
  my regular "roomies" spotting my primary screen name in such a room.  
The first bondage chat room I entered taught me a lesson. My Instant Message
  screen was inundated with IM's from males so I kept it turned off. If I spotted
  someone in the chat room whose profile interested me I would IM him. Once such
  person was Tom a 40 year old accountant from Delaware County, Pennsylvania
  in metro Philly and about a 2 &frac12; hour drive. At the time he seemed pretty
  level headed. He stated his interest was in training novice female subs. We
  started chatting regularly but I suspected it would be quite awhile before
  I was ready to meet a dom in person.  
The later came much sooner than I expected. I got up the nerve to call him
  after Caller ID blocking my cell phone. I'm a great believer in that you can
  form a good opinion of someone's character just by hearing the persons voice
  even if you've never met them. In this case Tom had sent me his pic even though
  I refused to send one of me. My favorable opinion of him was confirmed after
  talking to him. He was quite eager to meet which I can understand. I suggested
  we meet somewhere in between and possibly have a motel session. Tom stated
  that motel room sessions are invariably too restrictive and that he had a modestly
  equipped dungeon in his basement.  
He made a compromise offer of sorts. We would meet at a shopping mall food
  court near his home and talk in person. If I was not completely certain that
  I wished to continue we would part on good terms otherwise I'd follow him to
  his house. We had been chatting for nearly three weeks and the urge to have
  a real bondage session was growing although I still wasn't certain what form
  I was most attracted to.  
One chilly Sunday morning in November at 7:00 I hunkered into my SUV and
  began the drive to Delaware County having taken off Monday as a personal leave
  day. I wore the shortest black skirt I could find, a tight white pullover sweater
  and low cut boots in accord with Tom's expressed wishes. Since we'd be meeting
  at 10:00 in a far away suburban mall I wasn't really concerned whether I looked
  like a hooker or not. I also brought along my black leather coat mainly in
  case I broke down-I wasn't much for coats.  
When I pulled into the mall parking lot Tom was waiting for me in his Land
  Rover. He looked every bit like I envisioned he would and that was considerably
  older than 40 with dark brown eyes and hair. At 5'11 and about 190 pounds I
  didn't regard him as obese but he had the common male beer belly and probably
  hadn't been in a gym for years. Suffice to say that in my submissive role I
  wasn't inclined to offend his male ego at this stage. We went into the food
  court and sat in a booth sipping coffee. Tom was rather vague on what he had
  planned for me other than to say that his sessions were tailored to the tolerance
  levels of the sub. He emphasized that I was free to leave anytime and suggested
  I make a "safe" call to a friend telling the person where I'd be. I told him
  I would but it was a bluff as I hadn't confided my intentions to anyone.  
After about twenty minutes of chat I told him I was ready to begin a session.
  He lived only about five minutes from the mall and I had no difficulty following
  him there. It was a rather modest split level home on a heavily populated side
  street. I followed him into the house and he showed me to the bedroom. My first
  orders were to strip completely naked which surprised me as I expected to be
  naked but in boots. I was given three minutes to complete undressing during
  which time Tom stood outside the bedroom door. At the end of precisely that
  time I was to be standing naked and at attention. The door was closed but not
  shut during this period.  
It probably only took me two minutes to undress so I was standing at rigid
  attention for nearly a minute when the door opened and Tom entered. He was
  shirtless, wearing jeans and a ski mask. Initially I found this quite unsettling
  as I like to be able to observe a persons facial language but I knew I had
  little choice in the matter.  
Next Tom attached a thick collar around my neck buckling it into place. It
  wasn't a typical pet collar it was black leather and close to the size of the
  cervical collars the EMTs use. It had a ring in the front. Tom then proceeded
  to set forth some of the rules for the session:  
-I was considered property and my sole purpose was to provide for his pleasure.
  Any pleasure I received was merely incidental.  
-I was required to address him as "Sir" and could not speak unprompted without
  asking permission first.  
-Most of his "trainees" as he termed them had one goal-to be quickly fucked
  and climaxed. With Tom being allowed to climax was a privilege that had to
  be earned and that subs who climaxed without permission were punished severely.  
-The length of my confinement would depend on my progress. This was the first
  hint he gave that I was not free to leave at anytime but I accepted it for
  the time being.  
-I would be subjected to various forms of corporal punishment , restraint
  and sexual contact. He assured me that he was experienced in these matters,
  would keep within reasonable limits and that his safety record was unblemished.  
Tom next proceeded to examine and fondle my anatomy such as pinching my nipples
  and fingering my snatch. He complimented me on my figure and my copious lubrication
  and I took him to be sincere. I then was interrogated as to the intimate details
  of my sexual preferences especially with my Canadian lover. Although somewhat
  embarrassing I gave honest answers and had no difficulty reflexively addressing
  him as "Sir". Perhaps this is because in my capacity as Asst. Principal I require
  my student disciplinary charges, whether male or female, to address me as "Maam".
  Those who don't have extra days added to their detention periods.  
Next Tom ordered me to undergo some leashing exercises. A leash was attached
  to my collar and I was required to crawl about the house on my hands and knees
  and make barking sounds like a dog. Tom carried a flogger in his hand and indicated
  that if I didn't make authentic enough sounds I would feel the lash. When he
  gave the command I had to stop and sit on my knees and paw with my hands like
  a little doggie. Tom sensed that I found this quite degrading .He was quick
  to point out all his subs were required to perform this exercise and that in
  no way did he consider me a dog. I was quite relieved to finish the exercise
  without receiving a lash.  
Tom then led me with the leash to the basement where I got my first look
  at his dungeon. It was indeed modest. In one corner was a wooden pillory device
  with holes for the head and arms. It evoked memories of childhood stories where
  the Puritans were publicly punished for such transgressions as falling asleep
  in church. A metal bar about four feet wide hung from the ceiling and I assumed
  correctly that my wrists would soon be attached to it with leather cuffs. On
  a bench lie a limited number of devices which I knew where either crops, cat
  of nines and others for restraining purposes.  
Next came the portion of training involving introduction to pain. I was attached
  to the overhead bar and Tom proceeded to inflict lashes about my breasts, buttocks
  and crotch using alternately a flogger, crop and a cat of nine. I was told
  to say "ouch" when my pain reached its upper tolerance level. Tom deftly administered
  the lashes and had no difficulty calibrating my threshold. He assured me that
  there would be no permanent scarring. I was then ordered to count off the lashes
  to my ass such as "One sir may I have another". I found it very arousing and
  it evoked memories of the scene in "Animal House" when the frat pledge sounded
  off in the same manner as his ass was whacked with a paddle. My count reached
  thirty before Tom decided to move on to the next exercise.  
Tom explained that it was important that a submissive be conditioned for
  orgasm denial. For the first time I was introduced to the gag with Tom strapping
  a penis gag tightly around my head. I felt silly drooling and found it rather
  degrading. Oral sex wasn't my forte and Tom made it clear that one purpose
  of the gag was to prepare me for just that. The other purpose which he didn't
  state but which I knew anyway was that my moaning through the gag would be
  very arousing to him. He went upstairs leaving me alone for slightly less than
  five minutes before he returned. I tried hard not to panic and was greatly
  relieved when he returned.  
Still I wasn't prepared for exactly what he had in mind. He took a shallow
  penetration dildo and attached some type of plastic cord to a small ring on
  the outer edge of the toy. The cord was further attached to the ring on my
  collar and the toy dangled from my neck. He then inserted it into my clit lips
  with the short length of the cord pulling on my collar and forcing me to bow
  my head. Commanding me to look at him forced the toy out of my cunt and made
  me realize how little movement was required to dislodge it. Tom then turned
  the vibrator on to a low speed and reinserted it before removing it again.
  Even for the brief period it remained turned on I knew that I would experience
  a rapid orgasm.  
Tom then produced what looked like a flashlight with two metal prongs on
  its end. I correctly sensed that it was a cattle prod and I received my first
  exposure to it on my buttock. It was mildly painful and caused me to flinch
  involuntarily. Tom said that the charge had been on low and that I would not
  want to experience it on high. He then informed me that the toy would be reinserted
  and left vibrating. It would be impossible for me to climax and avoid dislodging
  the toy. If I climaxed he assured me he would use the prod to zap my clit.  
For the first time of the encounter I was truly frightened and even more
  so since his ski mask prevented me from reading his facial language. I feared
  I might be dealing with a psychopath who intended to torture me for days or
  weeks. As the toy was inserted and activated I began what was the most excruciating
  experience that I could ever recall.  
As the toy hummed away I felt the impending orgasm. Tom stood in front of
  me arms folded with the prod in his hand. He indicated I would have to keep
  the toy in for at least several minutes. It took every ounce of effort I could
  muster to fight off the orgasm as the humming sent waves of pleasure through
  my body. Glancing at his watch Tom told me I was doing well and that it was
  a pleasure to watch a submissive trainee display such profound arousal. My
  nipples were fully erect, he knew I was soaking wet and my involuntary moaning
  belied the pleasure I was experiencing despite my obvious terror.  
Finally after what seemed an eternity Tom removed the toy. A feeling of relief
  swept over me as he complimented me on a job well done adding he fully expected
  I would fail the exercise. He then asked me if I wished to climax. I nodded
  frantically within the constraints of the collar and Tom reinserted the toy
  and in a rough manner manually thrust it in and out several times causing an
  instant orgasm. As the wave of pleasure ebbed I noticed the cattle prod was
  no longer visible and hopefully would not reappear.  
Removing my gag Tom once again commended me for my fortitude. He then made
  an announcement that was even more jolting than the one I had received from
  the prod. I would shortly be serving a dominatrix. "No way" I blurted out forcefully
  and spontaneously. Without warning Tom took a flogger and delivered a lash
  to my pussy that was far more intense than any of the previous ones causing
  me to writhe in pain. It was my punishment for speaking without permission
  and not addressing him as sir.  
Tom's attitude changed abruptly and for the worse. He told me that my attitude
  was poor and that I could expect to be confined overnight. If my attitude persisted
  I would spend the night standing in the stocks otherwise I would be allowed
  the pleasure of a bed. Requesting permission to speak I tried a bluff reminding
  him that I made my safe call and said I would be home by dark. He quickly called
  my bluff as when he left me unattended for a few minutes he had examined my
  cell phone and determined I had not made any calls. This cost me two more vicious
  lashes for lying this time one on each boob and left me in even greater physical
  pain and fear.  
Tom reinserted my penis gag which however distasteful at least prevented
  me from further speech indiscretions. He then gave me a brief lecture on what
  to expect from the dominatrix. From his earlier interrogation he knew I had
  no previous lesbian sex and that I found it very distasteful. Although he claimed
  all his trainees were subjected to it I sensed this was not so and only the
  unwilling were. The dominatrix would introduce me to pussy eating and strap
  on penetration in addition to taking other unspecified liberties.  
I was told the dominatrix would be arriving shortly. Her name was Cindy but
  that I was required to address her as "Mistress" in the same manner as "Sir". "Mistress" was
  a Long Island based bounty hunter who moonlighted as a dominatrix. Almost on
  cue I heard footsteps upstairs. "I'll be right back Mistress has arrived" announced
  Tom. I knew I was in way over my head.  
END PART 1  
THE ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL AND INSTANT MESSENGER Part 2 by Skip  
Its quite terrifying to be left alone helplessly restrained and gagged in
  a dank basement even though I knew I wouldn't be alone for long. As my mind
  pondered escape strategies I could hear footsteps upstairs and talking but
  not what was being said. Within five minutes I heard footsteps descending the
  stairs but I was faced away from the stairs. Moments later Tom having removed
  his ski mask and a female were standing in front of me.  
The female wasn't dressed like dominatrixes I had seen in web pictures. She
  was about 30 years old, a brown eyed brunette about 5'10 and 120 pounds wearing
  blue jeans, tight fitting light blue ribbed pullover sweater and stiletto heels.
  She clearly exuded an air of intimidating authority without saying a word.
  With her arms folded in front of her she appeared intent on studying me before
  she proceeded to pinching my tits, buttocks and fingering my sex in a surprisingly
  gentle manner.  
As terrified as I was I would have been even more so had I known then what
  I later learned about her. I'll relate some of that at this point. Cindy lived
  on Long Island and was employed by a New York City bail bond company to track
  down bail jumpers, arrest them and transport them to jail to prevent the company
  from having the bail forfeited. Tom as it turned out had lost his accounting
  license and also worked as a bounty hunter on a free lance basis. Cindy was
  working with Tom on a particular case and that was why she was in the area.  
Cindy was the bad girl of bounty hunters, what Tonya Harding was to figure
  skaters. She had acquired a reputation for sadistic cruelty in abusing her
  captives both male and female. In addition she was a self-employed part time
  dominatrix with a predominately female clientele and a small number of males.
  They paid to willingly be subjected to her degradation and cruelty. Occasionally
  Cindy was hired to train an unwilling submissive or at least semi-unwilling
  such as me. In my case it was purely pleasure as she wasn't being compensated.  
After warning me that the no speak without permission rule was still in effect
  and that she was to be addressed as "Mistress" she ordered Tom to remove my
  gag. I couldn't help but sense that he was reflexively obeying her commands
  and that Mistress, not Sir, would be running the show.  
Mistress then proceeded to deliver a low decibel but quite matter of fact
  monologue. Her initial impression of me was favorable and she complimented
  me on my body. Despite my professed distaste for lesbian sex I would be subjected
  to it anyway and I was expected to perform vigorously. This would include both
  oral and strap on sex. If I failed to meet her expectations I would be confined
  as long as necessary for me to be so trained. Further if I failed to please
  her she had some uses for my mouth which would be far more distasteful. She
  opined that most heterosexual females who became involved in BDSM eventually
  come to enjoy serving a dominatrix on occasion. In any case she emphasized
  again that I had no choice in the matter.  
She commanded Tom to prepare me and walked upstairs while he removed the
  cuffs attaching me to the bar and reattached the leash to my collar. He led
  me the short distance to a couch and ordered me to kneel facing it with my
  hands behind my head and fingers locked together. The leash chain was left
  dangling from my collar. I knew that very shortly I would be receiving my first
  taste of pussy.  
Mistress returned from upstairs and was wearing a two piece black leather
  dominatrix outfit consisting of a bikini like top and a waist harness which
  bared her shaven sex. I correctly assumed that after being forced to take it
  by mouth a strap on would be attached to it. My three weeks of perusing bondage
  websites had been quite educational.  
The Mistress sat on the couch facing me and removed the leash dangling from
  my collar. With a derisive expression directed towards Tom she flung the leash
  to the floor. I sensed tension existed between her and Tom and I was caught
  in the middle. This did nothing to allay my fears still she did seem to be
  level headed and I was more concerned as to what Tom had in store for me.  
Sitting with her back to the back of the couch Mistress grabbed my hair and
  pulled me forward and ordered me to begin using my mouth and tongue. I was
  allowed to place my hands around her legs. Thus I began my first exposure to
  lesbian oral sex. The reaction of Mistress was quite visible, it was arousing
  her tremendously as I strained to position myself efficiently. Finally realizing
  the difficulty I was having she changed her seating position by moving forward
  towards the edge of the couch. It made it much easier but she also warned me
  not to slacken my intensity. I continued diligently for nearly ten minutes
  arousing her to fever pinch intensity and causing repeated orgasms.  
Finally I was allowed to stop and Mistress complimented me for my performance.
  Then came the really disgusting part which was licking her asshole. Sensing
  my reluctant body language she picked up a flogger which instantly ended my
  hopes she would relent. She knelt on the couch facing away from me in such
  manner that I had to strain to perform as required. It was every bit as disgusting
  as I had expected and made the taste of her pussy gourmet like by comparison.
  Thankfully I was only required to perform for about three minutes and I was
  not required to penetrate more than superficially with my tongue.  
Mistress then commanded Tom to secure me in the stocks. Very sarcastically
  she directed him to lead me by the elbow and not to use the leash. Being confined
  in the pillory device was much more uncomfortable than the overhead bar as
  my upper extremity was involuntarily arced forward. My head and each arm was
  in a separate hole but my legs were unsecured. It was the ideal position for
  strap on sex.  
Due to the direction I was facing I could not see what was taking place behind
  me but the first indication that the strap on was imminent was that Mistress
  applied a cold gel like substance to my anal area. Then without saying a word
  I felt the strap on penetrating. The initial thrusts were slow, deliberate
  and moderately painful but not excruciating as I had envisioned. As the tempo
  of the thrusts increased I came to the strange realization that I was actually
  enjoying it and would quickly become an addicted anal slut.  
I also realized that climax was unavoidable and I feared the consequences
  when it happened. In desperation I cried out "permission to speak Mistress".
  Mistress knew my purpose and to my surprise merely stated that I could do so
  whenever I was ready. The approval came not a second too soon and a wave of
  pleasure ripped through me the likes of which I could never have envisioned.  
As the wave slowly ebbed I could hear Tom informing Mistress that the suspect
  was at the apartment. Suddenly there was an abrupt change in Mistress' attitude.
  She informed me that they were leaving to pick up a prisoner and that I would
  be left unattended in the stocks for at least an hour. "Don't go anywhere girl" she
  remarked with a smirk. Then seemingly as an afterthought she added that I should
  be rewarded for my good attitude and with that a smaller sized dildo was inserted
  in my sex. I quickly learned that it was equipped with a time delay device
  so that it would vibrate at low speed for 30 seconds or so, remain off for
  about a minute, then repeat the cycle.  
Considering the bizarre events that had already transpired since I arrived
  at Tom's home the extended confinement in a pillory seemed to be par for the
  course. The vibrator buzzing away within my sex made it somewhat more bearable
  and I least I wasn't blindfolded or gagged not that I would have been permitted
  to speak had anyone been present.  
It seemed like several hours but probably it was no longer than ninety minutes
  before I heard noises upstairs and then what sounded like someone being dragged
  down the stairs. Judging from the mmmpphhh like sounds it was a gagged female
  and from what spoken words I could hear that she was about to be attached to
  a chair I had seen previously on the basement floor.  
Shortly thereafter Cindy removed the dildo from my sex chuckling about not
  wanting to replace the batteries. Tom then released me from the pillory and
  I was able to catch a glimpse of the new captive. She was seated on a high
  backed chair her hands cuffed behind her with steel handcuffs. Her ankles were
  taped to the chair legs and a leather belt encircled just below her breasts
  attached her to the back of the chair. Black duct tape was wound around her
  mouth and eyes largely concealing her facial features. She was a taller brunette,
  appeared to be in her late 20s and was wearing black slacks and a white blouse
  in what appeared to be a waitress uniform.  
My view of the new captive was brief as Tom attached the leash to my collar
  and walked me upstairs and into the bedroom where I had first undressed. I
  quickly found myself lying on my back on the bed my wrists attached to the
  opposite bed posts. A four foot spreader bar was attached between my ankles
  and the bar was pulled up over my head so that I was completely vulnerable
  and helpless. He quickly lowered the bar to the foot of the bed but there was
  no doubt what he had in mind. Being restrained in this manner was a powerful
  turn on for me and I couldn't wait to be reconnected to the headboard in the
  legs up manner. I'd seen this position in web pics and it had instantly aroused
  me now my being fucked in that position was imminent. From the look on Tom's
  face I'm certain he realized this and would subject me to prolonged denial  
After reminding that the speech rules were still in effect Tom provided some
  explanation of the days events. Cindy he explained had a two faceted personality
  one manic and one depressive. They weren't triggered by biochemical or other
  physiological factors but by the course of events on a given day. The day before
  they had narrowly missed capturing the fugitive who was currently confined
  in the basement and Cindy blamed it on Tom. Cindy was a perfectionist when
  it came to hunting fugitives and any flaw was likely to trigger the depressive
  phase.  
Paradoxically when Cindy was in the depressive phase she tended to treat
  her submissives with less cruelty than if in the manic phase. Tom stated he
  was surprised I was treated so gently. For example a common technique of Cindy
  was to stuff her soiled panties into the mouth of her submissive and tape them
  in place. Another was to use clamps to inflict various breast and genital tortures.
  He pointed out that a pair of panties was presently stuffed into the mouth
  of the prisoner in the basement.  
Tom did not apologize for my treatment and it had been his intent from the
  start to force me to serve a dominatrix. He did concede that ordinarily a submissive
  would not be left restrained and unattended for such a lengthy period but such
  were the exigencies of the bounty hunting business. For the remainder of the
  session I would be serving Tom exclusively as Mistress would be preoccupied
  with the female prisoner. Needless to say I found this quite agreeable despite
  my new found attraction to anal intrusion. Still with Mistress now in her manic
  phase it might prove to be far more painful than I could tolerate.  
I continued my compulsive good speech habits. Tom would order me to thank
  him for the pleasures I was being subjected to and I would respond emphatically "Sir
  the slave is extremely grateful for the pleasure". Although I refrained from
  requesting permission to speak Tom made numerous statements requiring such
  responses and it was clear that my responses were a big turn on.  
Tom continued gently stroking my clit with a super sized vibrator carefully
  timing the duration to arouse me before stopping. I was still under orders
  not to climax without permission and I knew it would difficult to hold off.
  The flogger resting on the bed served notice what my punishment would be if
  I did. At least the cattle prod was nowhere to be seen.  
Cindy then appeared in he doorway complaining to Tom that the stupid bitch
  in the basement had wet her pants and this would necessitate bringing her upstairs
  for a bath and clothing change. Tom offered to help bring the prisoner upstairs.
  Cindy responded with her trademark smirk "Tom I wouldn't need any help dragging
  you to the bathroom and stripping you" before giving him the finger and returning
  to the basement.  
Immediately thereafter I could hear the sounds of the prisoner being dragged
  upstairs still wailing in her gag and caught a glimpse of her as she passed
  in the hallway. She was being dragged half by the hair, half by elbow and was
  still fully clothed, handcuffed, gagged and blindfolded. The sounds of water
  could be heard from the bathroom. A few minutes later I caught a glimpse of
  the prisoner being returned to the basement. She was still restrained in the
  same manner but had been changed into a two piece orange jail type jumpsuit.  
Tom ordered me to harden him by mouth and he sat astride and facing my head.
  Although my Canadian lover was never satisfied with the quality of my oral
  sex I knew that I had to please Tom if only because it was the proper role
  of the submissive. As my wrists were restrained I was forced to take Tom's
  member using only my mouth and I put forth my best effort. Tom was already
  hard enough to satisfy me vaginally but I did as I was ordered. Surprisingly
  he did not berate or threaten me over my technique and after a few minutes
  he withdrew without ejaculating sparing me the distasteful part of swallowing
  his load.  
He then proceeded to attach the spreader bar to a point over my head using
  a chain he already attached to the bed frame. I was ecstatic being exposed
  in this position and Tom was determined to drive me wild by using slow and
  deliberate techniques. To satisfy his own erotic desires he gagged me using
  a single strip of duct tape and he made it clear he expected passionate moaning
  sounds. It didn't seriously impede my breathing and it was far preferable to
  the foul tasting penis gag. He then began a series of slow thrusts. My moaning
  sounds were spontaneous and he continued to torture me with his slow pace for
  several minutes. Finally his ejaculation and my climax occurred before he withdrew
  leaving me in my ball tie position to cool down from the most intense orgasm
  I had ever experienced.  
All good things must end and Tom announced that I would be freed. Half of
  me wanted to stay but the other half said enough for one day. The later half
  won out and I showered before dressing. My departure was rather abrupt and
  unemotional with Tom indicating I was welcome to visit again and that he was
  quite impressed with my submissive performance.  
It was nearing 8:00PM as I began the long drive home and I had plenty of
  time to reflect on the days events. I'm more confident than ever that I can
  function in an authoritarian role as an assistant principal and be sexually
  submissive to a male periodically and in a discrete manner. I still resent
  that I was deceived and forced into lesbian sex yet the anal part was extremely
  satisfying and I know that eventually I will seek a similar experience..  
Tom is competence as a dom and his sexual prowess is adequate yet I can't
  help but feeling I could have done better. One thing is for sure is that on
  my next encounter I will try a motel session first before committing to a home
  dungeon with a dom.  
Arriving home before midnight I check my Email. One letter is from a dom
  in Harrisburg that I chatted with briefly last week and he is interested in
  meeting me. Harrisburg is only a ninety minute drive but he is willing to meet
  me halfway at a motel in Shamokin Dam. I'm going to give this some thought.  
THE END  
THE ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL AND INSTANT MESSENGER Part 3 by Skip  
SYNOPSIS: Assistant Principal Joyce accepts an invitation to assist bounty
  hunter Cindy Prell on a mission. All the while Joyce is searching for the maledom
  of her dreams.  
Its been slightly more than a week since my bondage encounter with Tom and
  Cindy and I have to tell you I am in a state of high anxiety. My male bondage
  prospect from Harrisburg didn't get off the ground and I'm pondering my future
  as a submissive.  
At the high school the principal has called me in to question me about my
  performance. It seems the consensus was that since my encounter I'd been exhibiting
  undue hostility and poor judgment in my dealings with faculty and students.
  Of course none of them are aware of the encounter. The principal is upset that
  I admonished a young teacher over her poor attendance record in the presence
  of her students. He also questioned as excessive the two weeks detention I
  gave to one of the sophomore wenches for failing to address me as maam.  
The principal suggested that if I have a personal problem I take some sick
  time and obtain counseling. My reaction to this suggestion was quite vehement.
  My work ethic is quite strong with a perfect attendance record for 3 years
  and I resent someone telling me I need counseling. None the less being the
  good bureaucratic functionary that I am I promised to change. The detention
  for the wench was reduced to three days and I expressed my regrets to the malingering
  teacher for insensitivity. I wasn't sincere of course but sometimes expedience
  is the better course.  
At this stage I was continually being introspective with respect to my bondage
  future and my emotions conflicted. One part of me longed to be dominated by
  a male but after my first encounter I had doubts that I would ever be able
  to find a trustworthy male dom. The other part of me longed for the lesbian
  anal intrusion. Reconciling these conflicting urges was taking its toll on
  my emotional equilibrium. Who could I turn to for counsel.  
The who was answered suddenly and unexpectedly. One evening about ten days
  after my encounter I received a call from none other than Cindy Prell the dominatrix/bounty
  hunter who had introduced me to the world of lesbian sex. Cindy was inquiring
  about my general welfare but also offered some insights. She opined that I
  had gotten a raw deal from Tom that he was untrustworthy and inexperienced
  as a dom. Like myself Cindy was not one to apologize but she did concede that
  forcing me into lesbian submission so quickly was a mistake.  
I told Cindy I desperately wanted a competent, trustworthy male dom. She
  was sympathetic but because of my rural location she knew of no one close by
  who would meet my needs. I confided to Cindy my fascination with the lesbian
  anal sex. She indicated this was not uncommon and that many other heterosexual
  submissive females occasionally enjoyed such an indulgence. What really stunned
  me was that she said she would be traveling to Youngstown, Ohio soon on an
  assignment but was willing to meet with me at my home and provide a session.  
Cindy assured me that the session would be on the up and up meaning no surprises
  such as a third party dom or dominatrix. For some reason I chose to believe
  her and accepted her proposal. Two days later a van pulled into my driveway
  and moments later Cindy Prell was on my doorstop. She was clad in a long green
  leather coat which with her calf length boots concealed her vinyl miniskirt.
  Once again she was wearing a tight pullover white ribbed sweater. I was attired
  in a short black dress with heels and was heavily made up.  
"Good evening Mistress" I purred as I beckoned her in to my living room.
  She gave a semi smile but in her characteristic authoritarian way directed
  that the speech formalities not be observed for a few minutes. We would have
  an informal chat first and during the session which followed I would be expected
  to observe speech protocol. As if reading my mind she stated her gear was out
  in the van thus answering my question. Cindy accepted a glass of Chardonnay
  but requested I not imbibe as she preferred her submissives to be alcohol free
  for sessions.  
During the conversation Cindy made a stunning offer. Since Thanksgiving recess
  was in effect would I like to accompany her to Youngstown on a fugitive apprehension
  assignment. In addition to assisting with the apprehension and transport my
  house would be used as an overnight safe house for the prisoner who was being
  transported to New York City.  
As I had little knowledge of the bounty hunting business Cindy quickly filled
  me in. She rarely carried a firearm and didn't intend to to do so in this case.
  She did carry mace and a stun gun type weapon. Her fugitives sometimes resisted
  and usually a zap of the stun gun was sufficient to subdue a struggling prisoner.
  She emphasized the importance of swiftly and properly applying restraining
  devices in order to impart a feeling of helplessness. Gags and blindfolds were
  especially useful. Properly gagged a prisoner would have to breath through
  the nose reducing their energy to resist. The sight deprivation of the blindfolds
  further increased the helpless feeling. Once the prisoner was safely in the
  van they were frequently hogtied and attached to floor hooks. It was not uncommon
  to drive for eight hours with a prisoner struggling in a hogtie and moaning
  through their gag.  
Cindy assured me that this was all legal. Bail enforcement personnel she
  explained were allowed great latitude in restraining their prisoners mainly
  because of the long distances they had to drive alone. Police officers using
  the same techniques would be in a world of trouble. Cindy stated she had never
  been stopped by police while carrying a restrained prisoner but that production
  of the proper paperwork would allow her to continue.  
It didn't take much persuasion for me to accept her offer. I also offered
  her the use of my spare bedroom for the night and we would leave at 7:00 the
  next morning. "I think its time for you to show proper respect for your Mistress" she
  snapped abruptly. I promptly rose to my feet and laced my hands behind my head.  
Cindy ordered me to shed my dress and everything down to my birthday suit.
  I was then ordered to kneel hands behind head on the floor while Cindy excused
  herself momentarily to retrieve her equipment from the van. She returned quickly
  and attached a rather narrow leather collar around my neck. She then proceeded
  to remove most of her attire except for a garter belt and hose. After cuffing
  my hands behind she sat on the couch and pulled me by the hair towards her
  crouch. "I haven't had my pussy licked in a week so you better do a damn good
  job if you don't wish to do the same to my ass" chortled Cindy. "Yes Mistress" I
  reflexively replied and for the next 5-7 minutes my tongue worked nonstop covering
  every available centimeter of her pussy. She came multiple times. Evidently
  she was satisfied with my performance as she announced I would not be required
  to service her asshole.  
Then came the part I craved that being the anal part. At Cindy's command
  I knelt on the floor doggy style. After prepping my asshole she penetrated
  using a strap on she was wearing. Her thrusting was noticeably more painful
  than the previous encounter and I suspect she was attempting to calibrate my
  pain threshold. Fortunately she did so without excess but I was treated to
  several minutes of her varied speed thrusting experiencing multiple climaxes
  before she withdrew.  
Complimenting me on my excellent attitude and performance we showered together
  and I prepared to spend the night in separate bedrooms. Much to my surprise
  Cindy announced I would be sleeping with her in the same bed in "appropriate
  restraint". She certainly had her quirks but my acceptance of lesbian submission
  was fast evolving and I accepted without protest.  
My restraints were modest and consisted of a leather restraining belt with
  my hands cuffed to the sides and leather ankle cuffs connected by a short hobble
  chain. In addition a chain and padlock was used to tether my collar to the
  bedpost. This allowed only limited movement I wasn't even able to stand up.  
Cindy explained her rules for same bed subs. They were not allowed to speak
  or make any oral or physical contact with the Mistress. Nor were they allowed
  to masturbate. Any violation of this would result in a severe whipping as well
  as an unpleasant type of gag which I took to be panties.  
It was quite weird spending the night chained in your own bed sleeping next
  to a dominatrix. I have to admit a couple of times it was tempting to use my
  mouth on Cindy but memories of Tom's severe whippings were still etched in
  my consciousness and I assumed Cindy's would be of equal if not greater severity.  
For her part Cindy did her best to tease me throughout the night. Two or
  three times she gently fingered my clit knowing it would bring me to the edge
  of climax then stopped abruptly. I didn't get much sleep but when I finally
  awoke Cindy was already out of bed and she removed my restraints. Obviously
  she understood my sexual needs so she handed me a small vibrator and ordered
  me to masturbate to climax. Although this was the first time I had ever done
  so in the presence of a female I readily complied and it was an almost instantaneous
  climax. "I have to reward my sluts for their good work" cooed Cindy. While
  I preferred to think of myself as a sub rather than slut I was in no mood to
  argue the point.  
By 7:00AM we were underway for the approximate four hour drive to Youngstown.
  As Cindy traversed the mountainous I-80 she briefed me on the fugitive we were
  seeking. She was 22 year old Maria Sanchez From her mug shot I could see she
  was a pretty Latina about 5'7 and 120 pounds. She had been arrested for selling
  cocaine in the Bronx and had skipped out on $25,000.00 bail. It was learned
  amazingly that she was working as a uniformed security guard at a mall in suburban
  Boardman and was attempting to become established in the local drug trade.
  Cindy had obtained her work schedule and she was due to get off work at 3:00PM.  
Cindy decided Maria would be apprehended when she left work to get into her
  car in the parking lot. As a security guard she carried some type of chemical
  spray and Cindy predicted she would put up a fight. Under these circumstances
  it was necessary to check in with the local police. One time Cindy wound up
  being handcuffed by the local police after someone called 911 to report an
  attempted female abduction. Fortunately she was able to explain the situation
  and the fugitive was apprehended by the police and turned over to Cindy.  
Our conversation was interrupted by her cell phone ringing. The conversation
  was very brief and concluded with her sarcastically telling the person on the
  other end "Why don't you come out of the closet". She explained it was her
  employer Russell Schenck who was forever hitting on her for a date. Cindy maintained
  he was gay but even if he wasn't she wouldn't go out with him if he were the
  last male on earth.  
Next our conversation turned to what was really causing me anguish that being
  my future as a submissive. Cindy assured me that I was an excellent submissive
  partner for a male dom and that she had someone in mind. He was Jim Rogers
  of Madison, New Jersey and she related this bizarre but plausible story to
  me.  
Jim had caught his wife posing as a domme in an AOL chat room and had set
  up a sting. When the wife expected to meet a female submissive she met Cindy
  instead and was subjected to harsh treatment in the presence of her husband.
  Cindy explained that there were a few men she cared for sexually and Jim was
  one of them. It was so strong that midway through the session she went upstairs
  and had sex with Jim before returning to the wife who had been left restrained
  in the basement.  
The upshot of the affair was that the wife lost all interest in BDSM and
  Jim who had no previous interest had acquired one. She thought he would make
  an excellent master for me and that being a wealthy self employed insurance
  executive he was in a position to travel. Cindy stated she liked her female
  subs on the disobedient side and I was simply too well disciplined and obedient
  for her tastes as a long term partner. She promised to arrange to introduce
  me to Jim as soon as the current mission was complete. This gave my sagging
  psyche a tremendous boost.  
Arriving in the Youngstown area we checked in with the local police and proceeded
  to the mall where Maria's car was found parked in the lot. A stake out was
  set up and at 3:05PM I caught my first glimpse of Maria as she exited the mall
  and headed for her car. She was wearing a whorish blond hair piece and was
  attired in a navy blue uniform blazer, white turtleneck sweater and gray slacks.
  Strapped to her waist was a pistol belt which carried a of handcuffs plus a
  chemical spray.  
Cindy moved in deftly for the kill assigning me the task of driving the van
  and pulling up alongside precisely at the time she engaged Maria. "I'm a bail
  enforcement agent Maria and you're coming with me back to the Bronx" commanded
  Cindy to a startled fugitive. Maria reacted by reaching for her chemical spray
  but she was no match for Cindy's combative prowess. Cindy quickly had her hands
  cuffed behind her back but she continued to struggle as I pulled up alongside
  in the van and hopped out to assist.  
Opening the side cargo door Cindy literally tossed the struggling fugitive
  into the van before climbing in herself and slamming the door. As pre planned
  I got in and drove off while Cindy proceeded to subdue the struggling Maria
  who was yelling in Spanish what were clearly obscenities. Sitting astride Maria
  and facing her feet Cindy was able to use leather cuffs to connect her ankles
  to rings in the floor about three feet apart. Normally Cindy would have applied
  the waist restraint belt she used on me to relieve the comfort of having the
  wrists rear cuffed . But this prisoner was not to receive such consideration
  and Cindy used a chain to connect her wrist cuffs to the floor rings. This
  forced Maria to kneel in an extremely uncomfortable position with no range
  of movement.  
Next Cindy turned her attention to quieting the mouthy and obnoxious prisoner.
  This was done by applying a leather muzzle with head and chin straps and a
  large red ball for a gag. This was padlocked in place and even if the prisoner's
  hands had been free she would have been unable to remove the muzzle. Next Cindy
  placed a snug leather hood over her head with only openings for the nose and
  mouth. The large red ball protruded through the mouth hole. It had the effect
  of making her speech unintelligible but she continued yelling for the time
  being. Cindy calmly explained to the prisoner she could remain in that position
  for the next four hours if she wished or if her attitude improved the restraints
  would be more comfortable.  
Cindy removed the former security guards pistol belt and with it the handcuffs
  and spray. Hoping that she might find drugs secreted on Maria a limited search
  was conducted which included inspecting the inside of her bra and her crotch
  area but none were found. "We'll do a full body cavity search later" chuckled
  Cindy before telling me to pull over and stop in a parking lot. She then took
  over the driving leaving the prisoner alone and kneeling helplessly in the
  rear. The painful restraint position left her unable to move and evidently
  sensing the futility of intelligible speech she finally quieted down.  
After a cryptic cell phone call to her employer Russ informing him that the
  mission was accomplished Cindy and I chatted as we drove back east on Interstate
  80 towards my home. In the rear of the van and covered by a blanket was a metal
  dog style cage just large enough to sit but not stand in. Cindy explained that
  when we arrived at my place the two of us would carry the cage to the basement
  and the prisoner would spend the night restrained inside it. She would be allowed
  to shower under close guard and would be changed into an orange jail jump set
  that was also in the van.  
After driving for nearly an hour and having heard no sounds from the prisoner
  Cindy decided it was time to modify her restraints. Stopping at a rest area
  she climbed into the rear and taking the liberty of groping Maria's crotch
  sarcastically remarked "are you ready to be a good Senorita if I make you more
  comfortable". Maria nodded emphatically and Cindy proceeded to modify the restraints
  by attaching the leather waist belt and cuffing her hands to her sides. The
  waist belt was further connected to a floor ring. With her legs still cuffed
  in a spread eagled manner her range of movement was severely limited.  
Cindy then got back in behind the wheel but after a few moments of silent
  thought her mood abruptly changed. "Its time for you to act like the slut you
  are, I need release" she snapped and I was then ordered to kneel on the floor
  in front of the passenger seat facing the rear. Cindy walked around to the
  passenger door and got in and sat facing me. Pulling down her slacks and panties
  she commanded me to eat her pussy. I performed feverishly for nearly five minutes
  before being allowed to stop and she climbed out and back into the drivers
  seat allowing me to be seated again.  
It was beyond my ability to comprehend this mercurial behavior but my submissive
  conditioning had progressed to the point where I offered no protest. Frankly
  I was becoming tired of being used by Cindy sexually and was beginning to doubt
  that she would introduce me to a male dom.  
While the trip so far had been informal that now changed as I was required
  to observe speech protocol which meant no speaking without permission. Cindy
  became taciturn and I was forced to remain in silence. Seemingly oblivious
  to my presence Cindy tuned in a country radio station and turned the volume
  up high. It is the one type of music I can not tolerate. As Cindy sped down
  the interstate I could only imagine what plans she had for me this evening
  when the prisoner was securely caged in my basement.  
END Part 3  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





