BDSM Library - The PIG




The PIG
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Unfaithful wife meets the 'farmer'.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                        Claudia becomes a PIG                       

Waiting for her arrival at the appointed parkway rest stop, I sat on the painted
green wooden bench close to my sleek White Convertible.

As she turn in to the lot and circle looking for me, I picked her out
immediately. So as to not appear anxious I waited with my stogie gripped firmly
in my gleaming teeth.

She was late! of course. Women usually are.

She seemed lost but finally sensed the animal magnetism of my aura and came
hesitantly to a stop beside my bench.

"R ... Richa... Richard... " she stuttered.

"Yep ... Who else." I snapped back.

She parked and got out of her family sized auto. As she exited the vehicle she
tried to straighten the wrinkles of her dress. Trying no doubt to give a good
impression of her self.

Not bad I felt. Ah well as for the rest ... we'll see later.

Looking right in her eyes I walked swiftly right up to where I could stair down
into her wide opened eyes.

It all ways pays to invade, their personal space, right away and get rid of the
small stuff first thing!

Grabbing her hair in my right hand, I twisted her face to a position below mine.
Then stepped tightly against her soft body, and looking deeply into her eyes I
could sense her fear. I could also smell the sexual excitement emanating from
her.

I said, "Your Late Bitch! I don't like that..."

"I Uh Well you see...." She tried to explain but I cut her off.

"This ain't some damn no count bridge game or ladies social tea, BITCH! I don't
tolerate excuses. Now if you are serious OK, or GO HOME!"

With that I kissed her pouting red lips and reached around and undid her bra's
clasp.

A look of fear crossed her face, but then resignation showed as I continued to
confidently probed her mouth with my tongue. She loosen up and I let my hand
have free rein all over her back and plump ass.

After all this meeting and the promise of illicit sex was ok with her ... Wasn't
it or else she wouldn't be here now.

Stopping my probing of her body I turned and left her standing there breathless
beside her car. Reaching into the car I took her keys. Turning back to her then
I dragged her by the hair to the rear of her car. Without a word I opened the
trunk and with another lip lock, I forced her back and then down into the
confined space.

Now she looked up and appeared to be soo scared seated there. As I slammed the
lid and I ordered, 

"I want a nice little nude fuck bunny when I open this again or I'm gonna
take my belt to your ass. Now get to it BITCH!"

Leaving her there, I went around to the car door, got in, adjusted the seat and
mirror, and drove it out of the lot. Being careful I back tracked a few times
to be sure she was thoroughly lost before I went to the quiet place I had
scouted out before for the next part of our little affaire.

Finally I pulled up in the middle of the muddy field and stopped the car.

Pausing on the hood of the car I finished my cigar. Then I went to the rear and
opened the trunk.

She was laying there, scared and in that fetal curve that they all adopt when
scared out of their minds.

She hadn't obeyed my orders.

Grabbing her hair I dragged her out of the cramped space and flung her into the
mess of the two tire tracks.

As I had warned her, I removed my belt and advanced upon the frightened cowering
woman.

"Pl ... Um Look I Aaaauauauau" She started but I caught her left calf with
my nice thick belt.

"I said! NUDE! and I don't like to be kept waiting."

She turned and tried to crawl away.  I stepped on her ass and swung the belt
again. This time her caught her firm round left ass cheek .. From the sound it
made good solid contact...

SMAKK

She tried the crawl away frantically but I kicked her ass on and proceeded
to tan her ass for her .. good! 


Smack! Smack! smack!

She tried crying ... pleading .. etc..

When I got tired I went over to her car, leaned comfortably and
again ordered,

"Nude NOW!! Or I can just keep doing this all day... UNDERSTAND ME!"

She turned looking at me.

Her face tear streaked. Makeup all runny ... But she had the got the
message.

Slowly she got to knees, removed her dress, bra, and then after a frown from me,
the little lace panties she had on.

She looked up and held her things in front of her treasurers to 'hide' them??
She looked great that way, but I like um NAKED!

I reached out and grabbed her precious belongings. Then I removed
the one shoe she had left. I policed up the other one and flung um in
the trunk and slammed it shut.

"Now this is the way I like my playmates. Stand up and don't try any of
that shy virgin shit with me."

She rose unsteadily to her feet and stood there shaking with fear and
forcing her hands to stay crossed over her soft round belly. But soon,
standing there in the wide open field she began to crouch over and close
up her legs to 'hide' her treasurers.

Slapp

Slapping my belt on my leg I demanded.

"Not Like that! What did I tell you about that modest crap. You want
more or this?" I swung the belt at my side.

Quickly she straightened up and stood at attention before me.

"NOT GOOD ENOUGH! Put your hands behind your head. Elbows out ... And spread
those bonny legs WIDE!" I demanded.

She looked like she would be sick but she did it.

Smiling at my result, I approached and began running both of my hands over her
soft round curves and smooth white skin.

She shuttered in fear but one squint of my eyes held her in position.

"Not bad... " I said as I ran my hand between her shaking legs. I grabbed
the soft curly badge of femininity a decent woman usually treasures, twisted it
and remarked,

 "This shit goes! Whores, like you, don't get to wear things like this!"

She whimpered "My hu..."

"Just shut your mouth! You're ass belong to me now ... DON'T YOU BITCH!"

A tearful nod, of her head, confirmed, finally, her acceptance of me, as her new
master in all things. While she was sniveling, I took the cuffs out of my back
pocket, and captured her right hand. Quickly I lowered it and before she knew
what was happening, and attached the other cuff to her left ankle....

"Now stay here and wait for me." I demanded over my shoulder as I got in her car
and drove off, leaving her there in the open field, alone, naked and
chained......

I drove her car to my home and parked it in the back of my barn. Then I took the
18 speed to the car park and retrieved my own convertible.

When back at home, and got out my red truck, and mounted the wood horse,
securely in the truck bed ... She would love to ride my nice horsie! All my new
bitches did!

The base of the 'horsie' is made of stout 2 x 4's and when its locked in the
truck bed it is very secure ... A top the horizontal 'horsie's' wooden member is
a nice vertical metal 1 by 3 angle iron, that seems to just fit so nicely in
a naked bitche's crotch.

When all was secure, me lady's ride was ready. So I set forth to retrieve
her for her monumental 'ride into slavery'.

As I approached the vast open field, with her nude body, I could easily see she
had tried to 'run' away ... from where I had left her. Not nice at all! For that
I'd just naturally have to tan her little already reddening ass as for her..

As I drove up she saw the red truck and felt she was saved!

That is, till I got out of the cab and came around the front of the hood into
plain sight.

"Nice warm day isn't it?" I remarked as I lit up another of my cigars 
and seated myself, comfortably on the truck's warm hood noting her meager
progress across the field.

How far, can a naked bitch get, chained right hand to left foot. You will agree,
I'm sure this is no way to travel quickly. Especially a pampered city woman who
is NUDE! for her first time in the open.

"You better let..." she again tried to start that female assertiveness
crap ..

With out a word, I lifted my big boot and lazily pushed her chained nudity down
into the muddy plowed field.

"NOOOO You stop that!" My now muddy playmate demanded.

Well to please a lady I'll do many things, so I took off my big leather belt and
admonished her as I stroked her where ever I saw an opening...

"I told ....." Wack

"To stay..." wack

"Where I .." wack

"Put your nasty ass" wack...

"Please stop I have money!" she managed to snivel as I rolled her over to assure
she was thoroughly covered with the sticky red mud, all over...

"Naa! Don't need your money! I do this for fun! We are having fun .. aren't we
Claudia baby??"

She looked up from her position in the mud, with those pleading eyes, that
probably had gotten her soo much in the past. That little, stick out, pouting of
the lip, yea, she had it down pat! But I didn't buy into it. I just nudged her
deeper into the mud and this time I made sure to get her hair deep into the
sticky red muck!

Nothing gets um in the proper frame of mind quicker than when their is mud
caking their precious hair! Casually I stepped on her head, assuring
that she was totally filthy.

"Now is little piggy, satisfied with her mud bath? Or should I pack her little
cunt solid before I take her home to her nice little sty?"

"Please stop!... I'll pa... I'll do anything!" She pleaded.

You know they are really serious when they lookup from under their caked hair
struggling to see through the sticky mess on their cheeks.

Careful to not get mud on myself I released her left ankle from the metal cuff.

Stepping back from the mess I and let her uncoil from her enforced position and
'rest up' for a moment.

She managed to sit up, and in the process, she further coated her ass now red
ass with mud!

As My cigar was getting low and I was hungry I decided, 'rest time was over'.

I flicked my belt, not to hurt, just to get her attention, into a glancing touch
with her right rib section.

Wadk...

"AAAA .. " she cried.

"OK now little piggy! Fun time's over ... for now. Get up into the back of the
truck."

"you .... You must be kid..." she started to object.

Now as I told ya I'm a nice guy! I did not really wanna but you could see that,
rested up, she was returning to the 'assertive bitch crap' mode.

Wack ....Wack ..... Wack ....

"NO .... No Please stop... I'l ..... " she pleaded as she started, hastily to
make her way to the truck bed. As I said I'm a nice guy! So I drove piggy to the
truck, and even let down the rear gate for her entrance.

She didn't wanna get up there. You could see it in her one uncoated eye, but I
flicked the belt against my boot and she didn't even argue, any more.

"Good little piggy!  Now got up on the nice horseie I brought for ya!" I
demanded.

I knew this would bring a balk. You have to get over all that feminist crap and
show a new bitch whose boss.

Wack ... Wack ...

She rose and straddled the 1" wide vertical metal member, without further
encouragement.

(Oh did I mention the dummy at the metal's apex?)

"Now scoot up there and YOU KNOW WHERE THAT GOES, don't you piggie?" I ordered.

I was gonna have trouble here. Always did. But the belt was a fine tool to
adjust a new bitch's attitude.

Finally she did the old up and over and the 6" long 2" wide dummy, I'd secured
on to the metal member was nicely housed up inside her fleshy tunnel.

(This serves to anchor um and force open the cunt so they are firmly in contact
with the horse. Carefully I reached under her and joined her ankles under the
horses' 'belly' and then secured her arms behind her with another pair of cuffs.

"Now you be a good piggy and we'll ride all the way home to the you're nice warm
sty."

"You ... ca ... No ...Plea... Let me w .... Ride inside the" she started that
crap again.

"Now, really piggy! Just look at your self. You are all muddy and I don't want
ya messing up the inside, of the truck, besides, I know you'll love the nice
horsie ride in the fresh air..." I retorted...

"No ...  No You can't do this ... Someone will see me." She tried to beg ...

"Well I hope so! ... I mean, I got ta tell ya. You are a little fat around the
middle, and kind a small titted, but over all you'll make a fine piggy... With a
few years training at my place! I mean!"

Not waiting for her comments. I'd heard it all before. I knew from past
experience that at this stage the stuck up bitches didn't appreciate any of
my kind comments... I got in the cab and drove around the field a while and then
I made for the barn.

From experience, I knew this dries the mud to a nice cake and the mear threat of
comming on a group of people did wonders for a citified bitches self worth...

The little red truck bounced and sputtered down the two dirt tracks
that comprised the 'road' with it's cargo of mud coated Piggie.

Claudia was .... in shock! She was chained, naked, muddy, secured and on a perch
on a rail in the back of a pick up, being driven she knew not where.

Here she had expected a nice little ... well OK an illicit meeting with a
ruggedly handsome man, a little play .... Later maybe a candle light dinner, a
little wine, and then...

But never this... he had stripped her of all clothes and possessions. Beaten her
like some ... some ... and treated like some ... some ANIMAL .. and now forced
her to ride NAKED on a metal rail with a ... a dildo deep up inside her person,
though the country side and the damn thing was soo cold.

Adding to her discomfort, she was soo filthy. The now icky mud was caking all
over her soft pampered skin. Instead of being driven in some cool convertible,
with the wind in her beautiful hair, she was covered with drying mud like some
wayward farm animal chained in the back of his pickup truck.

She was ... well she wa... well ..

HOTTER THAN SHE HAD EVER BEEN IN HER HOLE LIFE.

Every rock and rut in the road frictioned her love tunnel and she loved every
blasted bump of the road. If only the SOB driving her had only chained her hands
in front so she could give herself relief ....

True she would just die if they came across som....

&lt;OH God NOOOOO!&gt; her mind screamed as she perceived a small figure along
the
side of the road ahead as they rounded a bend ...

Her eyes revealed, it was a little girl, walking along the muddy rutted tracks,
with a down cast head.

&lt;NOOOOOO&gt; She tried to mentally will him ... to hurry on ..

But the driver slowed down and finally STOPPED! He leaned over the seat and
called out to the little girl,

"Bethany! Did your teacher keep you after school, again today?"

"Yes sir." The young moppet answered quickly keeping her eyes, down cast.

"Well no sense in your walking all that way home. Climb on up in the
back and I'll run you over to your road."

&lt;NOOOOO DON"T&gt; she mentally screamed at him, but physically she kept
silent and eyes down cast. She hunched her shoulders over further, but the damn
prod inside her, did not allow her to curl up. Secretly Claudia hopped ...
prayed more like it ... to just this once become invisible ..

"Yes sir" Bethany answered as she scrambled rapidly up into the open truck bed.

Claudia wanted to shrivel up and die! Here was a little girl, not older than
8 or 10 entering her space, sitting on the truck bed lip, not 2 feet from her
own chained nudity.

The bright brown eyes of the girl finally looked up and delighted in the
trucks other passenger. Feasting her eyes on Claudia's nude pulchritude the
little girl broke out in a cute little smile.

&lt;What have we here??&gt; Bethany' little brain wondered. &lt;Play time??&gt;

She knew that Rich was a neighbor. A bit odd, but he seemed to keep all his
girl friends like this?? Bethany felt a twitch in her little soft belly. She
remembered other times, she had gone to his barn and he let her play with ....

As he drove off Bethany could not keep her little hands from reaching out and
started to explore the muddy right nipple of the chained nude.

Claudia, who until now had tried to keep her own privacy by starring at
the truck bed found her self violated by the pinching fingers of the girls
little thumbs and forefingers.

The brazen little moppet, despite the attempted evasions of Claudia, grasped the
tender little bud on the right breast and gave it an exploratory twist.

"AAAAAAA You stop that... You litt ... AAAAA.." Claudia protested as the
delighted little girl, once she had established a firm hold, twisted the tender
pink nub first right, then left, and then back again...

"He all ways lets me play with the animals he has at the farm. Are you going to
be a good little bitch or should I just twist this off?" Bethany inquired,
delightedly drunk with her newly found mastery over the dirty naked chained
fully grown woman ..

Anxious to keep her nipple and avoid further pain Claudia pleaded...

"Please ... please Don't hurt me. I'll be good."

Claudia swallowed her pride and surrendered herself to the exploring hands and
fingers of the brazen little moppet.

"You're filthy! Have you been playing with him in the field? Or are you
just naturally a dirty naked bitch?" Bethany inquired.

Claudia tried to keep silent to evade the little girls inquiries, but the 
insistent small hands and constant probing fingers would not be denied.

"Please little girl ... please stop this and help me ... Call the police and
hav..."

"Now that would be plumb unneighborly. Being as how Rich is giving me a ride and
all. Besides sometimes he lets me come over and play with his animals, and if I
called the law on him he'd be mad at me.. No I'll just play with you some now
and come by after supper for a right fun time then ..." The moppet related to
the nude as she explored the less filthy parts of Claudia's available naked
anatomy.

After a maelstrom of pinches and probes, the truck came to an abrupt halt
and he called out the window.

"Bethany, this is your turn off. Get on off there. Your parents are probably
holding supper for ya. Now don't worry your mom with my new pig .. you hear?"

"Um can I come over later and play with your new bitch some time?" Bethany
inquired with her big eyes delighted at the prospect as she looked into the
truck's open window.

"You mean piggy back there?" he inquired.

"Yes sir... You know like you let me ride the pony once and ... ", A delightly
Bethany began.

"Well I don't know. She is really an old thing and could get kinda wild for a
little girl like you!" he said.

"Please .. Please... I could sneak over and I'd soo much like to play with her
and she...." The little girl babbled on like a brook.

Delight sparkled in her little eyes. (Could any old pervert say 'NO!' to such a
little girls request?)

&lt;He hadn't said NO! Just like she did Pa! She knew she could wear him down.
Bethany could wear down any male, with her little pouting lip, and use maybe a
little clouding of her eyes so.. &gt;

"Well all right but you keep her our secrete. You hear! I don't want a
whole passel of your little girls friends coming over to visit while I'm
break in a new Piggie!" he informed the delighted child.

&lt;NOOOOOO!!!&gt; Claudia thought but what could she do but sit there chained
and
nude as he drove off.

Her formally exciting illicit weekend 'scene' had taken on the air of a horrible
nightmare.

&lt;So why am I coming at just the memory of the little girl and her pinching
fingers? Why am I dripping like a running facets at the thought of seeing her
again?&gt; Claudia asked herself silently ..

&lt;What is this oaf doing to me? I am a normal modern woman. A respected ...
uhhh
... Shit that dildow is doing a number on my 'g spot' That must be what is...
OOO god .. not another one...&gt; Claudia wondered as she came and rocked and
came
and... all the way back to his barn.

He stopped the truck and climbed up on the side of the bed.

He covered her eyes with a set of goggles and began to play cold, soapy
water from a high pressure hose over her mud caked skin.

She broke out in goose bumps and commenced to shaking like a leaf ..

"This is the way we clean up all the piggies when they get too dirty in their
little piggie games in a muddy field." He informed the now shivering woman.

The biting cold and the frictioning left her tender skin reddened with a
rash of goose bumps where ever he 'washed her down'.

She attempted to open her mouth to scream only to be rewarded with a
mouthful of soapy cold water after he had played the stream over her
rock hard nipples and chest.

Henceforth she kept her mouth shut. This was the first rare occasion, if you
knew Claudia and her usually opinionated ways.

He shifted positioned and began to play the pressure nozzle up her crotch and
finally over her furled brown rose bud. She gnashed her teeth at the sensations,
but her lips stayed shut.

Next he moved around and played the stream of water, lightly, over her clit and
it's hood. She could not help but respond!

Claudia could not bring herself to stay passive. She had never been treated
like this in her life, but she was here and now oh soo helpless ...

So she lifted her face to the sky and howled out her most intense orgasm ever .. 
Then she slumped down, lost into another ethereal plain.

She did not even feel him finish off her legs. She was too exhausted to
offer even token resistance when he manipulated her clit to a number of
other cums for his own enjoyment.

She didn't even feel him un cuff her and shift her hands to over her belly.

He dragged her now slippery nudity down from the truck and positioned her on the
cold metal table. (This brought a small reaction but the manipulation of her
clit soon quieted her .. again.)

He attached her joined hands over her head to the top of the table and spread
her legs wide so her body took on a 'Y' shape on the table top, face up.

The soft warm foamy soap that aided the denuding of her pubs was just delightful
in her exhausted aroused state.

It wasn't till he started to used the pencil like buzzing device inside her
flaccid labia that she began to surface from her exotic state. Sencing this
he just rubbed her now supper sensitive clit, till she shuttered through a few
more cums and quieted right down.

He went back to work with his pencil like device and finished up.

He reached under the table, retrieved and then positioned the pliers inside her
denuded spread open sex ...

Snappp

The pain in her crotch was enough to bring a violent reaction from her, but his
expert rubbing of her clit soon quieted her again.

He detached her from the table and man handed her body over to the strange
device on the floor.

She did not exist any more. She was not an individual anymore. She was
HIS! Anyway he wanted her... SHE WAS HIS ... ANYTHING HE WANTED ... SHE WOULD DO
OR HAVE DONE TO HER ...

The pain in her crotch had been enough to break up the euphoria, but his clit
stimulation, soon had her mind confusing the pain with her pleasure.

She let herself be manipulated, like a rag doll, into the strange configuring
frame. Her arms were held open and away from her body by elbow restraints. Her
back and neck were captured and firmly held in an almost fetal curve bringing
her head close to her soft white belly, right above her open sex.

Her legs were then bent and twisted up close to her naked body, so that her feet
resided up close by her ears. She was now positioned so that her face, tits and
open crotch all resided in a very small close area.

Next the ingenious part of the mechanism was called into play!

With a simple wrist movement on his part, the hole thing rotated and this time
locked 90 degrees from it's origin position.

(Claudia was now firmly held with her head closest to the floor and her feet up
toward the ceiling.)

Claudia arose from her euphoric state as the blood forcibly drained from her
body to her head.

As she strove to come to some accommodation with this enforced posture she felt
a lubricated finger attack her now defenseless anus!

"AAAHAH STOT that!.. Let me down Yo... AHHHH NOOOO!" she shouted to no avail as
the finger, it's lube job done was withdrawn and replaced with a large
complicated enema nozzle.

To her consternation the nozzle was easily inserted deeply inside her and
expanded making a tight non-loosening seal within her vitals.

From her disorientated perspective she saw him attach a long rubber tube, and a
filled rubber bag to the nozzle. Finally using an electrical winch, the bag was
hoisted about 6 feet above her now held open anus.

"STOP THIS IMMD..." she began but he turned the stop cock and suddenly her
bowel's and innards felt a rush of cold fluid.

It took her breadth away.

She could do nothing to fight the invading fluid!

She felt her formally flat belly swell up with the unwanted fluid as his
mocking voice informed her ..

"I find this setup very cleansing with a new Piggie, and to that end I
can fill you up till you burst like an over stretched balloon."

It was a very subdued, almost reverent Claudia who with head hanging down to the
floor began to beg ...

"Please stop... I don't know what you want but whatever it is you've won. I'll
do it .. only .. please stop the water and let me relieve myself ... Please ..."

"Well now I think I see some hope for you piggie.. " he said as he cut off the
flow of fluid into her vitals, but did not remove the plugging nozzle.

"Now we are going to make a video ... you, just like that, and me scripting the
questions and answers. You want to discuss it, or object to anything .. well
fine. I can wait all day. Can you?"

"Please let me relieve myself and get on some cl..." she began.

"No that is the point. If I let you relieve the pressure you'd be a stinking
mess, besides I have gone to all this trouble to arrange things like this. I
can wait for your answer or I can maybe let in some more water to help
you decide."

"NO! NO! Please god no more! I'll do anything just don't put any more water ...
in me!" Claudia pleaded piteously.

"Well all right, now maybe we can get somewhere. In front of you're eyes is a
teleprompter, like device. News readers, who call themselves reporters use then
all the time. Now I'll read the question parts and you'll read the answers that
are there. Remember sincerity counts! Any fuck ups on your part, and we will
wait for a while and then start all over again." He informed her.

The screen in front of her lit up and she read in horror,

"My name is Claudia -----. I live at .....  I am playing out this bondaage scene
voluntarily with my new master. By this tape, he wants to insure everyone of my
absolute cooperation in this and the further scenes. I am making this video of
my free will."

From off camera he read the first question,

"And you have no objections to the denuding of your pubis, shown here
below your chin?" I inquired patting the parted vaginal lips to accent them and
their current condition.

She balked at this. Her eyes traveled to the now smooth outer lips of her
sex. A look of horror sprang to her face ...

"You bastard.. I can .. I won .. " she sputtered and attempted to cross her
legs.

"Claudia you screwed up that take! Ah well I'll just let in some more water
and when I come back in half an hour, or so, we will try another take.
Remember we can do this all day, if you want to .. " I smiled while turning off
the lights and equipment, then I staggered away to smoke another cigar.

"No No stop, I'm sorry... I'l..... aaaaa..." She begged as I added the
additional fluid to her intestines and then walked out on the bloated piggie.

When I returned she quickly made the whole tape. No balking this time. as she
made a really sincere effort to please him in hopes of riding herself of the
fluid that was swelling her innards to almost bursting.

After reviewing the tape, he disconnected the hose, and rotated Claudia spasming 
body again 180 degrees. From this position, I let her expel most of the unwanted
putrid fluid into a bucket under the frame.

She was soo grateful she felt she was in love with him. But then he rotated
the frame again and reconnected the hose to the nozzle. She knew real fear ...

Frantically she pleaded as she felt more cold fluids entering her by
'her back door'.

This time, though it was only a small amount of fluid. Still uncomfortable, but
not like before. Soon she felt a drunken high like she had never felt before in
her life. Leaving her to adsorb the alcohol I again went out to smoke. 

When I was sure she was thoroughly drunk, on the cheep liquor now laying deep
inside her intestines, I rotated the frame again, and released her from it. As
she tried to stand, I left the closed off nozzle in her closed off insuring no
leaking till I"m was ready.

After having her sign model release for the video and a number of the stills, I
began interviewing the drunken woman. Seeking out her every secrete thought
and desire. Carefully I assured that I had all these things, were recorded in
the documentary I was preparing.

When I felt I had it all down, I gave her a few uppers to assure she could not
sleep. Then I aided her in expelling the spent liquor from her intestines.

After hosing her down again, in her still 'pliable state' I had her pose with no
restraints with a few of the barn yard animals and myself. All these were dually
recorded on video.

It had been a long day for her and myself, so I chained her naked out in the
barn yard to 'rest' while I went in to my soo soft bed.

When 'sleep' came to her it was like death. She had never slept naked under the
stars, and never would, voluntarily, but here ... now ... for him ... their
wasn't any choice or the slightest objection on her part.

*******************

The sun rising caused her cold hunched over naked flesh to finally warm up.

Her eyes open first, but the pounding in her head forced them to close almost
immediately. Like her normal routine she lay there while her mind remembered
where she was and what had caused this.

She felt the sun on her skin.. ALL OVER??

She was NAKED!!!

This caused her to sit up, rapidly, big mistake! The bounding inside her head
intensified a hundred fold.

&lt;Whe ... Wha ... &gt; questions flowed to her aching brain.

She knew, she was outside, somewhere, naked and she felt for the covers ..
something .. to cover her nudity. She found only a length of chain, leading to a
padlock that was holding the chain tightly around her throat.

Looking down she forced her eyes open, and she saw that the chain lead, from her
neck to a fence post firmly driven in the ground, and another padlock secured it
there.

She looked down and saw someone must of shaved her pubis. The razor burn on her
reddened skin hurt.

Curiously she reached down and opened her labia to find the source of a burning
sensation. She found a small gold ring implanted in her right labia. Further
examination showed someone had writing something in black ink on the inner
surfaces of the opposite lip!!!

This blew her mind!

It must be a dream!

She laid back partially to alleviate the throbbing inside her head, and also to
ponder where she was and what had happened!

Maybe when she had a little nap, and awoke from this weird dream, she would be
back home all safe and warm in her own warm bed, with her nice safe boring
husband.

&lt;Boring hus.. &gt; that thought brought about an epiphany .. but ..

SPLASSSSHHHHH

A bucket of COOOOOLLLLDDDD water materialized all over her naked body forcing
her from her attempted escape into sleep.

"Piggie! I don't hold with any of my animals sleeping late. Besides you have a
guest. Young Bethany here has come all the way over here, to play with your
ass." He explained to his now freezing trembling animal

Through her partially open eye slits Claudia perceived the little girl from
yesterday. Her aching mind knew,

&lt; IT WAS NOT A DREAM!&gt; 

The frigid cold water brought Claudia, the piggie, from her troubled half sleep
to wide open eyed awake in microseconds.

Quickly she rose up to her knees, then attempting to curl over to cover her
goodies, but the chain around her neck stopped any further progress and the
pounding inside her brain drove her back down to the ground on her naked butt.

Her hands sought to support her aching head, and cover her eyes, from
the laser like rays of the sun.

A hand grabbed her floundering left wrist, cuffs it and joined it to a collar
locked around her slender neck.

Quickly the unseen hands captured and then secured the right wrist to the collar
also, leaving her goodies defenseless and right out there.

Through a sea of white, and the pounding of her brain, Claudia perceived HIM
standing there smiling down on her displayed nudity.

She remembered some of the previous day. Getting off from work early.

Driving to the clandestine meeting with the mystery man.

Then the stunning denuding of her person ... being left in the field .. and then
making of a video ....

"Come on piggie get up!" he demanded of the groggy nude, "Little Bethany here
has come all this way, just to play with you, and you seem to be soo shy."

He took a firm hold of her golden locks and dragged her to an almost vertical
position on her knees. Then he reached down with something metalic in his hand
and sought something else inside her stinging labia.

Her aching head made it painful to try to look down, to see what he was
doing, but she had to try!

Snap

Coming from the fold of her sex, he held up a long metal dog leash which now
seemed to be emoting from inside her sex.

A slight pull soon brought her to understand .....

&lt;THE DAMN THING WAS SOMEHOW ATTACHED TO .... UH ... IN ... HER ....&gt;

"Come on piggie time to go wakies with the nice little girl ... !!"

Then a steady pull, in the lead, compelled Claudia to scramble up to her feet
and waddle forward following the metal chain.

The steady pounding in her head, was now joined by a stabbing pain, deep inside
the fold of her crotch. As the metal leash attached to the ring in her labia
pulled her forward.

&lt;The bastard ha....&gt; she stated to realize when she perceived the little
girl
she had 'met' yesterday as she 'rode' the horsie in the back of the truck.

The memory of the encounter came flooding back, and the little girls curious
exploring fingers pierced her fog shrouded memory. Her total nudity compelled
her to try to crotch down.

&lt;This little girl mus ... &gt;

"OWWWW! OWWWIE! OWWW!" Claudia cried as I lifted the chain up, forcing her to
get up off her knees causing her to stand up almost straight for the little
moppets delight and perusal.

"Now don't go all peculiar on us, piggie. Bethany here wants to play with
you and you better play with her nice!" he explained to the nude woman captive
shivering before them.

&lt;I can't do this... This can't be happening ... I ... OOO&gt; Claudia's brain
screamed though the pounding of the liquor induced hangover.

"Bethany I need some shots of the piggie walking around nicely on her leash.
Would you be kind enough to lead her over there by the wooden fence, please? And
then lead her right back here." he told the little girl.

&lt;NOOOO He can't do this!! I... OOWW&gt; Claudia thought but the firm chain
pulling
on her pussy lip lead her away from him.

"Gee Richard I never lead a ... uh ... piggie like this before. Am I doing
it right?" Bethany inquired with those innocent sparkling eyes enjoying
every minute of her control over the naked woman.

"Just like I had you do when you lead the dog last time. Keep leading her
round and round the yard while I get the shots I need for her dossier." He
explained following the action with his trusty still camera.

He took a whole memory cartridge of the demoralized woman being lead around by
her cunt chain. Next he took up his video camera for some action footage to be
edited into her debut tape.

Claudia was not really with it, but the pull of the unyielding chain against
her soft secret flesh, made her cooperation mandatory.

Now he got down on his knees and did a series of lower angle footage
showing Claudia lead piggie like, around by the cunt attached chain.

Then he ordered,

"Bethany lead her over here so that I can get a close up of the lead
going up inside her!"

Claudia turned beat read but the chain demanded, and so she followed its
unyielding direction.

"Good girl, Bethany, you know, you show a real flair for this sort of
thing. Now tie piggie's lead to the lower rail of the fence, so she is all
secure, and let's us go inside and get something cold to drink. It's hot out
here in the yard."

"Yes sir!" The girl replied as she tied the woman to the lower rung of the
fence. The tie of her chain forced piggie to crotch over and stay there in the
bright sun light or tear the ring out of her delicate pink skin to get away from 
chain affixed to her.

Having no other choice Claudia was forced to stand there like some barn yard
animal waiting for its owners return.

Together the two people had left the naked piggie, Claudia, to broil in the late
morning sun. The beads of sweat were her only covering and her skin was
becoming bright pink.

After a long, long, or so it seemed, period of time later the man and girl
returned. The man still held the video camera and a frosty bottle of something
was in the girls small hand.

"Now we don' want piggie to get too burned so you put the sun block on
her. Be careful to cover the white areas, real heavy." He ordered producing a
white plastic bottle of sun screen.

Claudia was .... Well grateful ... but the little hands seemed to be determined
to coat her private parts most of all. Then she looked up and found her coating
was being taped! She wanted to object but she saw I had a dog whip dangling from
my belt. She knew I would surely use it if she gave me any trouble. So she
suffered the humiliation of being coated ('felt up') by the little girl's tender
hands.

&lt;Now at least my skin will be protected.&gt; Claudia thought.

"Ok that looks good. Now Bethany lead piggie over to the stocks and secure her
like we talked about in the house." He told the little girl.

She lead her nude charge to the back of the barn, all the while being taped.

There stood a stout white wooden post with two broad cross members. In
each member was a half circle cut out.

The little girl lead Claudia to the post, and she stood there rigidly. I had to
force her head down into the hole by the expedient of hair pulling.

Once the upper cross member was closed down Claudia was firmly secured by her
neck. In the bent over position her tight soft white little ass stuck out
to the amusement of both her captors.

A wooden frame, laying in the grass was drawn up and forced under her feet
like a pair of incredibly high high_heels. He secured her feet to each end.

This served to position Claudia's naked ass, slightly up at a convent, fuckable
height. This with her legs spread wide open guaranteed easy access to both her
fucking holes.

(Prior planning in all things is essential with a liaison of this sort, and
I am a master at planing these things.)

Once she was secured there he tapped her from all angles and retired with
Bethany to bring out the 'special' gear for Claudia's next experience.

The helpless woman could only look down and see the bright chrome chain
leading like a solid stream from her splayed open crotch and wonder what
was going to be done to her next.

She had never been this open before in her life and in a wide open field!!

&lt;Why I can feel the cold breeze blowing down my crack and anyone who
comes along can see all of me, even my ass hole!&gt; her aching consciousness
screamed into her reeling mind.

&lt;Why oh why did I leave my saf... I've never been soo turned on in my life ..
If he brings out a pony ... I'll .. I'll ... OH God ...&gt; Claudia shuttered
through a cum with out anything, even the presence, of anyone, or anything to 
stimulation ...

&lt;What has this bastard been doing to me ... &gt; she wondered.

Claudia was soo lost in her own little world, that she did not even hear, them
till they positioned the small square table just below her captive head.

"Ok now Bethany if you want to help, you have to do just what we talked about,
but if you don't want to well you can just run along on home." I said.

"You sure it won't hurt?" Bethany inquired cautiously.

"Now I told you it wouldn't. Have I ever lied to you?" he offered, "Now either
take off your shoes, jeans, and panties, get up on the table .. or go on home."

Reluctantly the girl did as he asked, but stood there awaiting further
instructions with her soft white ass all exposed. She looked soo cute, half
naked standing there, with both her hands, carefully covering her small soft
white slit. She turned soo red.

"Well ... Go on get on the table ... on your back ... now scoot your little butt
right under her face..." I instructed. "Stick your legs straight up .. Yes like
that!"

Claudia was horrified ... She had never been this clo... She had ne... well she
had seen one but ... nev... lik...

&lt;OH GOD&gt; she thought, &lt;he's going to make me .. &gt;

The smooth white flowing skin of the girl little belly and vulva filled
Claudia's entire field of vision. She reared back her head as far as the
confining wooden stock would let her. For Claudia the little girls privates were
still too close ....

In desperation she tried to turn her head, and in the process strangled herself
till she again turned back to the sea of soft white girlie flesh which seemed to
be trying to engulf her face. She caught a whiff of the sweet perfumed soap the
girl had used this morning but their was also the sweat of the mornings
confinement in the tight little jeans.

&lt;NOOOOO!!! I .. I'm no ... t .... &gt;

Claudia's mind rebelled at the sight of the small sweat little girls sex laid
out
soo close to her face and then....

"Now just grab her ears and make her lick you off ... like we discussed
before... " I ordered little Bethany.

Eager to please and experience the new sensation, Bethany grabbed piggies ears
and commenced to rub the captive face all over her soft little lower belly.

Claudia stead fastly kept her mouth shut and resisted as much as she was able,
any contact with the girls little slit.

Suddenly a slight sensation came from Claudia's open defenseless slit.

It felt like a spider had tread across her small hooded treasure.

"UUUNMNM" Claudia muttered through clenched lips as she violently
shook her head and tried to shake her ass. The frame kept her legs
spread and elevated.

&lt;There it was again&gt; she worried. &lt;What is .. &gt;

This time the damn light thing tread crossed her now extending clit and then
began to playing lightly over her splayed open left labia.

Claudia had never had an insect explore her privates like this and ...
well ... she di... did ... didn't like ...

&lt;There it goes again&gt;

This time, it seemed to circle her partially open defenseless vagina. She
could only stand there wide open and ....

Claudia shuttered...

&lt;No on ... well nothing had ev ...&gt;

The touch seemed to migrate over her perineum and now it's feathery
light touch was exploring her ....

&lt;OH god ... Not my ass hole...&gt;

"NOOO" Claudia exclaimed and tried to shift her butt to dislodge whatever it
was that was exploring her open defenseless intimate parts. It didn't work....

In her open mouth exclamation her upper lip contacted the girls soft white
labia.

Claudia immediately tried to draw back again and distance her self from the
forbidden flesh, but the light tread brushed over her tightly furled ass grommet
again, bring about massive shuttering of her whole naked body.

Now the light touch again began to explore Claudias now fully extended clit.

The light brushing of the tender little nub brought a totally undesired reaction
to the heating up captive.

Claudia shuttered through a massive cum and the light brushing brought the
building of another cum to her genitalia's surface.

Her empty belly growled, and the smell of the little slit at the end of her nose
beckoned her to sample the forbidden taste.

A firm hand pressed the back of her head into the small sex before her, as the
light touch entered her vagina and swabbed the spasming inner rim.

"OH Please ... please lick me!" shuttered Bethany as she shuttered in ecstasy
from the woman's reluctant facial contact with her tiny sex.

The maddening light touch again spread it's touch to her clit and Claudia
surrendered.

She unfurled her tongue and imitated the light touch on her own genitals.

Bethany experienced a full fledged CUM and juiced and all for the first time in
her young life. She wasn't sure what it was, but she knew she wanted more, so
she twisted the woman's now functioning face further .. deeper into her
straining crotch .... anything to gain more contact ... more of whatever it was
that caused that ...

From my position behind the bent over sweating captive I smiled.

&lt;Isn't it remarkable what a feather can do to a woman's open sex?&gt; I
wondered
as I again played the soft edges around the woman's now spasming ass hole.

Soon the woman and the girl were lost in a sapho trance, bringing the girl to
the heights she herself wanted to attain and attaining her own cums just from
the giving of pleasure.

When I saw she was beyond all caring and juiced enough to facilitate me, I
stepped up onto the small platform between her positioned legs and entered
my claim stake in the center of her churning sex.

Claudia shuttered and experienced an earth shattering cum with just the first
thrust. Her whole crotch was alive and my organ added to the fire blazing
brightly inside her.

Satisfied she was ready for my claiming of her final prize, I withdrew from her
vagina, adjusted my probe upward, and in one mighty lurch, burred myself inside
her vitals.

(After all it was tighter..)

Claudia shuttered at my intrusion, tried to rise up. Anything to get away, but
my weight over her back, probe boring deep in her ass hole, and the demanding
grip of the girl on her head, caused her to sink back into the warm ... wet ...
almost cationic state, she had never experienced before.

She could not resist, she was mealy a pleasure getting, and giving vessel for
... well hi ... no her... no ...

Which she did not know. She just kept on and on till she lost consciousness.


Claudia finally came around to find herself with her hands joined in front
of her, and her belly resting on a pillow, which was over an old stump in the
open woods behind the barn. Further she found, knees were spread around the
stump, such that all her secrete parts were wide open and available for anything
a passer by wanted to do to them.

"Well you are awake! Finally... Are ya all rested up from your little nap?
Bethany enjoyed playing with ya but after all she is just a little girl and had
to go home for supper."

"You basta..." Claudia began.

He grabbed her hair and after lifting her head up to eye contact, and stuffed a
fowl smelling sock deep into her open mouth.

"Aw now your not gona tell me, you not having fun yet?? I mean you said you
wanted adventure, fun and excitement didn't ya? Something you couldn't get from
old what's his name." 

'UauSMDMsun" Claudia tried to answer through the smelly, now spit soaked cloth
gag.

It was true! She had said that but this??

"Maybe you are disappointed because you haven't had enough of the old 'in and
out' eh? Well you see this is Saturday night! Now some of the boys, round here,
usually come on over and I host a little card game. Nothing big mind ya but
tonight, in your honor, I've arranged for you to be like this here, like this.
You will notice that in this position, you can get your belly full of nice warm
sperm. See we'll be inside playing cards and when we get us a winner, why he
gits to play 'poke the piggie'.' Now don't that sound like just the type of
fun.. you were looking for...?"

Claudia tried to show her displeasure but ... She shook her head .. and all.

"Lordie no pleasing some folks ... Sorry about that! Too bad, but the boys is
due, so ... and just to see that you get with the spirit of the thing, I'll just
grease er up and you'll be all set. Why come sunup you'll have all the 'in and
out' you bargained for and then some!!"

"UnMUmsheh " she tried to object but then she felt me, using a big gob of
lubricant on, around and inside her vaginal opening.

"Oh yea, better do this un too. Gets mighty dark out here nights, and some
of the boys might get confused." I explained as I greased up her tight
little ass hole too.

"AUUSNDHZuandnU" She tried to inform him of something but I went right on lubing
up piggie. After all Istill had to set up the card table and put out the other
'refreshments'.

"Oh yea, now I done told the boys that you're just a working gal from the
city. You got stranded out here and want some gas money to get home so
you're working here for 'tips' for tonight only ... So I'll hide your face so
none of the boys will be to pick you out, here after."

I then produced a dirty burlap sack, and proceeded to covered her head and
secure it around her straining neck.

 She was now left there, blind, naked and helpless, with only her thoughts.

Soon she heard the cars arriving and then loud music playing.

After some time of the music and laughter, she head foot steps approaching
her in her displayed position.

"Aw shit he wern't lying..." she heard. A rough hand commenced to rubbing
over her smooth white ass.

ZIPPPP

Then she felt a rather long narrow probe smoothly enter her wide open lubed up 
cunt.

"Aahhh Mam you got one of the nicest cunt .. "

"ANAHSUFUEHFN" she tried to inform him of her plight but he, whoever he was, was
now lost in his rapid sawing in and out of her defenseless cunt.

&lt;Thi... OO Th.. Ooooo. What is he doing to me... I shou ...OOOooo..&gt;
Claudias confused mind tried to sort out her mental feelings from the
emotions her body was generating.

All too quickly the probe in her swelled, juiced and was withdrawn.

"Thank ya mam." The voice said with a playful smack to her defenseless open, now
dripping ass.

She heard the zipper again and then the foot steps retreating.

She heard a burst of laughter, loud talking, music and the other noise
resumed.

Shortly she heard the all to familiar foot steps approaching from barn
and then...

"Well god dang the boys weren't a funning me!"

Another pair of rough hands covered her soft ass cheeks. This time though hands
each seized an ass cheek each and went about spreading the soft white skin. Then
the observation,

"Why you be just as pretty as ... UUUU"

The rest was lost to her as a rather small but very thick, stiff prod proceeded
to take it's pleasure inside her.

&lt;NOOOO she screamed at her body as it tried to milk the prod of its ...&gt;

He too didn't last long enough for her too ...

(These boys were just too excited at the display of all this goings on....)

With a soft pat to her charms, he too left after spending inside her.

This was repeated many times, through the night till as she could only
lay there and wait till she heard,

"UUU you must remember me little lady." The voice inquired as it's zipper went
down and its probe embedded itself in her cunt, again, but after a few strokes
this time, it withdrew and lodged in her ass grommet.

&lt;Yea she'd remembered this one ....&gt;

(Give her a line up of dicks, stick each one in her ass, and she'd be able to
pick this fucker out ... Yes sir ...no problem ... )

&lt;this bastard was soo long, she was sure he was poking right into her throat
with that thing. And he had confined himself to her ass hole ... This time ..
But .... Well ... he .. the bastard .. this time .. he was making her cum ....
Bastard...&gt;

This probe spat its small load in her bowels and withdrew ..

Then the bastard just zipped up and withdrew.

(No thank, ya mam, or nothing! Boy got no manners.)

After a while the music quieted down and she heard cars start to drive away.

For a while she heard nothing. Then she heard some foot steps approaching.

She felt a stream of cold water from a hose rinse out and then clean off her
privates and then the nozzle was forced deep in her bowels. When it was
withdrawn, her bowels gushed forth all that was in them. Again stream of cold
fluid followed and she knew that he was filling her with liquor, again...

"There now piggie, these here boys come to pay their respects and they all liked
ya soo much they want an autographed picture with ya real personal like..." She
heard as the bag was removed.

A couple of pairs of hands started to undo her from her bent over perch on the
stump. They helped her to stand up. Once the bag was off her head she saw that
she was surrounded by a group of about twelve drunk old men in jeans.

"Are we having fun yet?" I chided piggie..

Claudia herself was getting drunker by the minute. The surrounding group of
drunken happy men lifted her over their heads. They left the sock still in her
mouth and this kept her mumbling.

The happy group manhandled her back to the barn. By now everything was getting
fuzzy to her and when the sock was removed she found her mouth filled by a fowl
smelling dick..

Their was an explosion of strobe like lights and that dirty dick was withdrawn.

As she drew a deep breadth, another dick filled her mouth and again the strobe
lights flashed.

This went on and on and suddenly she perceived that her mouth was open but thie
time nobody's dick was being forced inside.

She glanced around and found she was alone, but able to hear from off in the
distance,

"Ok guys I'll make the blowups, have her autograph um and have um ready for ya
tomorrow late."

The boys left, and the exhausted Claudia, the pig, just shut down.

It had been a long day...

----

Again Claudia's deep drugged seep was terminated by thorough dousing of ice cold
water poring over all her naked flesh.

Through tiny slits she perceived the bastard standing over her wet freezing 
body, grinning with a bucket in his hands. Her head was pounding like a base
drum and the bastard was inquiring ....

"Now you can't ever complain about a lack of the old 'in and out', can ya?
I mean the old boys really did fill up your little cunt for ya with cum juice.
Didn't they?"

"Incidentally I do hope you are on the pill or something ... Ah well you had
your fun swinging on .... You know something? I didn't think to count the
number of dicks you did .... Did you get a count? Naa well you were having too
much fun."

"Never mind ... you seemed well satisfied by the end of the evening. Why
those old boys paid extra for these picture momentous ... Incidentally don't let
me for get, you have to sign each of them."

"Now you seem soo good with dicks, that I decided to broaden your horizons a
little today in the time we have left together. I invited Dotty over, and you
can play with her for a while .. Fun ... fun ... Why piggie you'll be plumb
amazed what that Dot can get up to with a little piggie like ya."

Claudia's head was pounding. Her cunt and ass hole were sore, and her mouth
felt like something unclean had crawled in there and died there.

&lt;PICTURES!!! NOOOO!!&gt;

Then she vaguely remembered the good old boys, and each of um sticking their
dirty dicks in her mouth and the strange flashing lights.

&lt;They were pictures!!! Oh god... How can I explain this too ....&gt;

"You know you really are a cheep date .. I mean you just slept where I put you,
hardly ate anything since you've been here ... Drinking though you drank like a
fish though ... So that must explain it. Then too it must be the quantity of
protein in cum you swilled ... So to finish our weekend, up you come, and we'll
get you ready to meet old Dotty." I cheerfully explained to her.

Lifting her up by her hair I was amused as she struggled feebly to get her feet
under her on solid ground.

Her hands were still joined together with a plastic strip over her belly button
and it was attached to another strip tightened into her waist grove.

Once she was up vertically, her head hurt worse... I looked her over and
decided to take her to the animal wash rack.

(Nothing quite wakes a person up as much as an ice cold shower, especially in
the out doors, and then taking her naked out into the cold morning to air
dried.)

With her pounding head she docilely let herself be lead to the wall. I attached
her collar to an upright pole and proceeded to hose her down with the cold water
wash wand.

Oh the screams and curses she now verbally hurled at me, but I bore her no ill
will. She just wasn't use to the fresh country air, and cold water ....

The crescendo came when I forced the nozzle in between her labia and douched her
out with the ice cold nozzle ....

(Some people just don't appreciate what you do for them ..)

When I was done with her, I lead her naked and shivering around the barn just as
the big black car drove up.

Piggie was embarrassed to be meeting some strange woman, naked and shivering
like this, but I didn't mind.

With a tight grip in her hair, I forced her to hold her head high.

(None of that crouching down and closing legs bit for piggie.)

"Dotty this here is piggie. She loves dicks, and in the last few days she has
had many, but well she is a little shy around other cunts. That's why I invited
you over today, to give her, her first real taste of women sex..." I informed
both of the women. The huge amazonian woman, who had emoted from the car, as the
springs groaned was Dotty.

The 300 pound woman walked around viewing piggie, like she was some specimen of
bug. She observed all of her. Finally a fat paw reached out and Dot's banana
like fingers captured Claudia's rigid pink right nipple with her blazing red
nails.

(Claudia tried to shrink back from the extended hand, but I had kept her in
place before and now the jeopardy of the precious nipple did the job.)

"AWWW that hurts..." piggie managed to utter.

"Is he telling me the truth? You never gehunched a woman before?" a voice from
deep in the massive chest inquired.

"You're dis.... AWWWW" piggie answered as the nails took a deep purchase of her
precious tit flesh and twisted ....

"When I ask you a question ... piggie .. you will answer me and politely. Show
some respect for your betters. I've heard how you fucked all the boys from
around here last night but now you're going to have the privilege of servicing
ME! And you better learn right now my demands, or I'll make you wish you were
never born if you give me any guff."

Dotty's green eyes flashed. The inner message that she meant every word of her
instruction sunk into piggie's brain.

Piggie shuttered and decided to fear this woman.

"Now piggie how many cunts have you licked?" Dotty inquired as she ran
her fat right paw over the shrinking bobs of the now subdued Claudia.

"Non ... Awwww" piggie cried.

Dotty slapped piggie with her stout right hand and then cried,

"You lying bitch! You cunt lapped little Bethany yesterday ... Now I want
the truth out of your miserable hide, and you had better show me respect .. and
when you speak to me call me MISTRESS!" Dotty demanded again pinching the
captured right nipple .. HARD!

"Just ONE ... aww uhmmmm Mistress!" piggie managed to blurt out, as the
painfully throbbing nipple flared.

Dotty's appendage, now circled around piggie's soft white skin, possessively,
descending down her chest, around the round little belly, and finally taking a
firm grip on the now smooth alabaster left labia.

"What is this? You little slut! Are you juicing, as were just talking here!! You
are really one miserable lezzie slut, aren't YOU?" Dotty demanded as she curled
the sex covering flap and felt deeper inside piggies sex.

Claudia was mortified. She couldn't answer! Her body was betraying her.

&lt;I'm ... no ... I ... OH god why am I soo scared and excited by this just
this
horrible woman's touching me?? I can't be a lez ... NOOO!&gt;

"ANSWER ME! You sick bitch. Are you a lezzie or just a fucking bitch?" Dotty
demanded as she now pinched the soft labia ... harder.

"No mistress." Claudia managed to squeak.

"No what bitch? You are a lezzie or just a common fucking bitch?" came the
demand again.

"I'm ... ah... bitch ... uhmmmm Mistress." Came the reply. A pinched of smooth
white skin brought out, "A fucking BITCH MISTRESS..."

"HUM We'll see! While I get prepared, hobble the bitch." Dotty ordered.

Using plastic strips, around each of her ankles I then joined the strips
with another or about 12 inches. Thus she could only take really small
steps .. running away was now out of the question.

Dotty had disappeared in back of her car, but soon she reemerged in an
exotic get up. When she saw this, Claudia's blood ran cold as the massive woman
advanced on her.

Where a woman is normally covered, tits, crotch etc, Dotty wasn't, and else
where she was. She had on a waist cincher of black leather setting off her huge
exposed white tits, as they bulged over the top of the cincher. Below it her
shaved white pubis shown in a ghostly glow.

She had on long black leather boots, which were knee high, and elbow length
gloves that again accented her body's massive proportions.

Around her right wrist dangled a short, vicious looking cat with many tails.

One look convinced Claudia, she wanted no part of anything this woman had.
Piggie whirled around and tried to flee, but the hobble did not permit this.

Piggie did not get 5 steps when her left ass cheek felt like it was cut in half
... with pain the like of which she had never felt before.

With her hands still captured down by her belly she could only turn to
protect her now throbbing ass. But in doing so she exposed all her front to
Dotty's cat.

Claudia froze when she heard Dotty say,

"Next one is going across those stupid little tits of yours."

Piggie froze and realized ...

&lt;Anything would be better than that ... ANYTHING..&gt;

"Now crawl over here, and be quick about it!" Dotty demanded standing
there, spread legged, like a rooted oak tree.

Smiling I had returned from the barn, with my cameras. Seeing this action, I
began to faithfully record the rest of the proceedings.

Dotty had piggie begging to suck her tits, and then we recorded it all with the
video cameras.

Piggie then went muff diving and professed her love for the taste of Dotty's
sticky cunt juice and all. Why she even professed, on camera, her undying love
of Dotty's wonderful, smelly, ass hole.

After piggie licked Dotty to innumerable cums he called a halt to the
proceedings.

Reluctantly Dotty threw on her dress and departed with the remark.

"You're a natural piggie ... I'll play with you again some time.." Dotty
informed a shaking piggie with down cast eyes after a long session.

Due to her quandary over the fluttering in her belly Claudia could not bring
herself to even look at the departing female's car.

Humiliated, hot, restrained and naked he, led Claudia back to the barn to sign
the pictures. He even had her put on lipstick and seal the pics with a big kiss.
As she saw the pics she was horriied to see herself smiling with dick after dick
in her mouth but what could she do? She signed them as he demanded.

He again captured her hands to her belly and lead her back to her own car.

He belted her in on the passengers side and proceeded to drive her HOME!

When she recognized the exit from the freeway she tried to object,

"NO!! You can't take me home .. not like this! Please just let me dress and..."

"Now look I'm not the kind of a guy who leaves a gi .. pig outside in the lerch,
unless she really wants me to."

"Tell ya what. I'll pull over right here in town. Fasten you to the front
bumper for safe keeping and leave ... if that's what you want!" he informed
her slowing down on a busy street in the commercial district.

"NOOOO NO ... OK .. OK ... pleae um  .. take me home." She cried from
her position cringing down low in the seat.

Without further delay he drove to her home and parked in the drive way.

"Please use the remote and take the car inside the garage." She begged.

"Well if your sure. I mean some people don't want to have me see their unkempt
house .... " He started..

"Please ... take me inside.." the trust up pig begged.

Once inside he closed the garage door and, after removing her from the
car. Led her still restrained and naked into her kitchen.

There in her living room, watching her tv was one of the men from last night. He
smiled as I informed her,

"I promised Luke here you'd give him a nice sweet blow job for bringing my car
all the way down here."

As if in a dream, she let herself be led to a position before her floral print
couch. Then she knelt between the mans legs. She didn't resist as hands forced
her shoulders back so she wound up staring at this strange mans crotch .... Here
in her own living room ... while I videoed the deed.

ZIPPPPP

Luke loosed his stiffening fleshy prod, Luke guided her unresisting mouth to a
docking with his now rigid organ.

She looked up as a flash went off recording her servicing in her home of this
stranger.

She just knelt there dazed at all that had happened to her before, I said,

"Piggie what time was your husband coming home today?"

Startled she looked up into my grinning face and commenced to gobbling the
strangers cock with all the enthusiasm she could fake ..

It seemed to take forever and I took a lot more pictures, being careful to get
most of her furniture in the frame. Finally you could see she knew the organ was
swelling and then when it spit its load into her mouth she swallowed.

Their was no thought of spitting out the vile discharge on her own thick pile
red living room rug. She just swallowed the disgusting load with out comment.

"Good gobble piggie! Now Luke you go out and wait in my car ... Piggie here and
I got some things to do, and then we have to discuss piggie's future."

"OK Rich. Mighty fine gobble there piggie. Nice place you got here .. You let me
know if he or your old man don't appreciate your talents, you hear?" Luke
informed the naked woman rising from between his legs. "I'll come back and fuck
you again. OK?"

Rich lead her still restrained and naked into her bedroom and tossed her onto
her marriage bed.

"Now piggie I want a nice going away fuck so you just lay back there. Now you
raise them pretty little legs straight up for me, and then we'll discuss our
future meetings."

After all she had been through what more harm could be done with one more fuck.

Claudia opened up and spread wide for my probe.

Ever the photographer, I took a string of exposures of her naked on her marital
bed. Then I climbed in between her legs. Caught her knees over my shoulders and
proceeded to planted a little sperm deep in her belly. She was soo juicy ..

Rising from my cuming, I cut off all the plastic cable ties binding her.

"Now piggie I want you to look at this file. It is a duplicate so feel free
to rent and tear anything here you want."

In horror Claudia saw the photographic record of her previous two fun filled
days, in gleaming color. It was all there along with a signed model release
allowing me to publish or sell any and all the pics whenever I wanted.

&lt;Why am I juicing at these disgusting photos .... Here in my husbands bed?
What
has he made of me?&gt; she asked herself.

"Now sometime in the future, when I feel like it, I or one of the boys will
contact ya for some fucking or stuff. You better be ready and appear when and
where we order! Understand!"

All the while I was speaking and I was running my right fore finger in her
vagina and I had my thumb in her ass.

What could she do?? She looked back and shook her head

'YES"

"Good now go take a shower. Your husband will be home soon. He deserves a nice
clean fuck toy and maybe a blow job.." I ordered as I rose and then as I
departed added,

"Oh yea the ring and the tattoo in your cunt are MY MARK. You'll wear um till I
don't want um there. Have hubbie fuck ya piggie style from now on. After all
that is what you are ..... ind't it?"

"Don't bother showing me to the door. I'll let myself out .... I have duplicates
of your keys .. and your phone numbers here and at work."

Now what's a piggie to do!!

End???




                       Claudia the PIG 
                        PART 2



Ring .. Ring ..

Another boring phone call arrived at her work station, or so she thought, as she
through reflex action, adjusted the head set, and pushed the button at her
receiver, which activated the receiver, now surrounding her head.

Since that weekend, two weeks ago, everything else about her life .. her husband
her friends, her job .. etc. seemed soo .. boring .. unfulfilling!

Before she could recite the standard business greeting required, she was stopped
short by a commanding voice,

"Piggie! Are you wearing the ring, I installed in your dripping cunt?? Remember
that, during our last little time together?"

A flood of emotions came emoting out of the ear-piece, through her brain
straight down to her suddenly steaming SEX.

The memories of her terrifying / sexiest weekend of her life, in the hands of
the voice's owner, caused her to lose all her normal composure.

The memories came flooding back into her mind, causing reactions through out her
body. Shaking all over, clutching her throat, her vagina had starting drooling
at just the sound of his voice. The memories of her ordeal caused terror. What
would it do if he paid her a visit?

Here! He couldn't! He ..

"Piggie? I'm waiting! You know I don't like to be kept waiting. That could cause
you a lot of more .. " I demanded.

"U .. mmma Um Sir YES! I'm wearing my ring." She lied.

 Claudia thought. 

"Yes sir!" Claudia exclaimed, to the dead line, as she disconnected her ear
piece and holstered the phone headset she normally wore all day.

After telling her boss she was sick, she made a bee line to the ladies floors
only room. Once safely inside a bathroom stall, Claudia tore off her now soaking
panties and removed both of her ear rings. Reaching down between her legs, she
removed the thread keeping the hole open, and with some difficulty threaded one
of her ear ring's through the hole he had pierced in her left labia in that
memorable weekend past.

Sitting here doing this, made her feel soo nasty. She was crouched, bent over a
toilet, looking into her own drooling sex, to please the man who called her. She
now had to shaved her crotch area, every day for him. It was a bitch to do ..
but she got it done, just like she had now found the damn hole, and threaded the
ear ring's post through it.

Next, to make sure, she tested that the ear ring was secure, and firmly anchored
in her lip by a gentle pull before she tried to stand up. If someone saw her
doing this, here in the stall, they would think she was  ..

Satisfied it was firmly anchored inside her lip, she arose, and grabbed a hand
full of toilette paper, and wiped up her drool up as best she could. Unsteadily
because of the tug of the thing in her labia, she rushed back to her office,
kind a bowl legged, grabbed her purse, and things, and made for the stairs. The
tiny ear ring seemed to have a mind of its own as it tried to pulled and tugged
on her sensitive left lip or scraped the other lip or her inner thigh as she
hurried down the stairs.

Along the way she threw her swamped panties, in the trash can as she ran down
the stairs to meet him in the parking lot. The rings motion was building up to a
climax in her sex but she dare not dawdle.

He was waiting for her.

When she got to the ground floor lot, she hastily looked around for him, but
could not see anyone standing around waiting for her.

Buzz Buzz

The cell phone, in her purse rang.

Fumbling to open her purse, she managed to retrieved it. Then she opened the
flip panel. Holding it to her ear, she heard,

"You know I don't like my live stock all covered up with all that cloth junk you
make believe humans wear. Strip that shit off your ass! NOW!"

click.

From past experience, she knew, he meant every word he uttered to her.

Her first experience, that weekend, convinced her of that if nothing else.

Looking around self contiguously, she commenced to rapidly strip off her work
blouse and skirt, right there, in broad daylight, in the parking lot. Holding
her discarded garments in front of her 'female things' as she removed them, she
tried to maintain some degree of modesty doing this unspeakable act .. for him.
When all the outer things were off and in her hands, she fumbled with her bra's
fasteners. Her sweating hands made it hard .. but she did it. When that was
removed and added to the pile in her hands, she just stood there with the now
useless cloth held out in front of her, attempting to cover her naked tits and
denuded crotch. She glancing around again looking for HIM! to appear. 

Self consciously she started to crouch but quickly looked up, to see if any of
her coworkers were looking down from their work floor. Then she looked around to
see if their were a group of spectators somewhere viewing her now totally naked
body and laughing at the naked pig.

But her eyes saw no one there in the lot.

Buzz Buzz

Again she fumbled with her purse, and in the process of retrieving the phone,
this time, she dropped her last vestige of modesty.

Standing there stark naked, in the parking lot from the phone at her ear, she
heard,

"Piggie I see our first lesion, last time, sunk in. .. Good. I like that. Now
pick up your shit, and go to the white van. There go to and get in the back
door, toss your shit into the front and crawl into the open cage there, ass
first, and be quick about it. I've wasted enough time with you."

Click

She turned around and saw the white van at the other side of the lot. Quickly
she gathered all her belongings in her arms and made a mad dash to the vehicle.

she climbed in the rear door, where she found a cramped cargo van, filled with a
few black covered somethings and a wire mesh dog cage for a medium sized dog.
Its door was open .. obviously this was waiting for her.

She tossed her purse, with her all her things and phone and all her covering
garments over the cage into the front of the van. Then reluctantly, she turned
around, scrunched down, and backed into the wire mesh enclosure, ass first. When
she was sandwiched into the uncomfortable cage, she saw that in the mesh, beside
the open cage door was an open pad lock.

She knew without being told that she was to close the door, and secure herself
inside the thing. Surrendering herself unlike the last time, which had caused
her many stripes across her still sore ass, she quickly closed the door and
without thinking, worked the lock.

She had done it herself. She was totally his pig now. And it made her belly
flutter just thinking about it.

 she thought. 

Then all her doubts fleas as she felt the front van front door swing, open but
she could not turn her head sufficiently to see who had gotten in.

Slam!

The door was closed an a black tarp was thrown over her own small tight cage.
The motor roared to life and some body drove out of the parking lot. She now had
no choice .. if she ever had before.

She felt the vat turn right on to Spring Street but then she lost all sense of
where she was going as the cage slid around with each change of direction. 



Finally after a while, she knew not how long, the van stopped. The front door
opened and the vehicle shifted, indicating someone had exited.

She heard some voices!

 She feared exposure of her self .. but she could do nothing so
she returned to teasing her clit.

In a while, the van's back door opened and someone slid her cage, together with
its tarp covering out of the vehicle. The whole thing with piggie inside now
resided on an uneven dirt / mud surface outside the van.

The van door closed and she heard the van start up and drive off leaving her
just like last time alone, naked and anxious.

This time though, she was not totally exposed. She was at least covered by a
tarp. True she was naked caged and alone somewhere, but the shear terror of it
set her cunt to flowing just like the last time.

This time though, she accepted her status. Tireing of the wait, shortly she went
back to masturbating. What else was there. 

After innumerable cums, she heard another vehicle drive up. Hastily she licked
her cum coated hands, as clean as she could, and crouched there waiting for ..

The tarp was ripped away, but from the back end of the cage. This left her still
unable to see to who or what was going on around her naked defenseless ass. Then
she felt a finger, she thought sticking through the mesh, sink between her labia
into her flowing depths.

"Piggie .. Piggie .. can't you keep your hands off my toys. They aren't your's
anymore, you know that! And what is this shit?" I demanded, tugging the
improvised ring in her lip, 'This isn't the ring I put in here." 

She knew he would not accept anything she offered as an excuse, so she kept
silent while his cold hands ran all over her soft white ass cheeks. Then his
right hand reached through her lips, grasped the ear ring he twisted it around
to get a good look it. Then his hands went back to feeling the soft smooth pubic
area that she had gown accustomed to shaving every morning in her shower or
bath.

"NOT BAD!" I muttered, as I found the pussy skin was soft, smooth and well
powered. Even though she wouldn't be using it today, it would very well received
in her assignment later on tonight maybe.

But then the well weathered back of the hand skin again detected the small wire
loop of the ear ring sticking out of the hole I'd made previously in her labia.
Twisting the base of the long ear ring around to examining it closely, I was
displeased and so inquired, 

"This was one of the ear rings you were wearing at work today wasn't it? Don't
you dare lie to me piggie. Bet I find the mate to it, in your purse when I go
through it, won't I."

"Yes sir!" she offered apologetically.

"Its very dangerous for a pig, like you, to wander around without the ring I put
in here. That will get you beaten after. Then after that this time, I guess I'll
just have to put in a new ring, but this time I'll weld it in here permanently,
right here .. won't I?" I demanded of her spread open hind end.

"Yes sir!" she answered with a gush of cunt goo.

"Why I'll bet you even had panties on when I called. Didn't you?" I demanded.

"Yes sir." she answered.

"Well that and this calls for more inspections, to see that my pig doesn't fail
in her dress code again. Doesn't it?"

"Please sir I have to .... " She commenced. 

"You know! Pigs really don't have to wear anything. Maybe I should ban the
wearing of ALL CLOTHES, altogether, till you have learned your lesions. What
would you're coworkers say if you began to turning up naked with my ring your
only clothing?"

"Please sir I'll be good! I'll ..." She started.

"There is no 'I'! When you look in a mirror, do you see an 'I'? No! I see only a
pig. A very wet, horny, disobedient PIG!" I informed her twitching ass.

This time she remained silent. She dear not answer and get into any more
trouble, with the beating looming over her naked ass still.

With my key I opened the pad lock holding the rear cage door shut, and dragged
her big beautiful ass just outside the wire mesh from the rear.

With only her big white hind quarter outside, and three quarters of her inside
the cage I began ..

Snap! Snap! ...

Using the doubled over leash, I tried to impress on her reddening ass cheeks, to
remind her that she had better forget panties, and going without her lip ring,
ever, from now on.

She remembered, from before, she had better suffer as quietly as possible while
I delivered 10 swats to her oh so sweet derriere or maybe I increase the total
for making a fuss. When I was finished I demanded,

"Now crawl back inside your cage and remember 'YOU ARE A PIG! Pigs do not speak
like people .. They only grunt and do what ever is required, of then by their
owner. Understand?"

"UU" she uttered, sobbing, as she drew her stinging ass from the lighted area,
into the covered position of her wire mesh cage.

After closing the wire mesh rear door and padlocking it, I covered the rear end
of the cage, with its tarp, and went on to inspect my next 'pig'. The rear of
this cage too showed an oh so soft, naked white female ass. It was similarly
denuded and had its decorative ring tag. A good piggie! In the end, after I
inspected all my 'pigs', the cages, with their live cargo, were loaded into a
covered flat bed truck.

When the 'load' was firmly secured, (didn't want to lose one of my 'animals'
along the way), the truck drove off to the sight of one of the local 'farmer's
markets', being held this very day in the town's vacant lot beside the high
school.

Other farmers attend, 'farmers markets', where they try to sell off their
produce. Being of a slightly different mind, when I attend these markets, I do
not 'sell' off my live stock, usually. Renting them out, mostly to young male
customers, I find is much more profitable .. unless there is a very tempting
offer piggie will work her lips off and then go back home to her boring little
life again.

This selling I rarely do .. but it happens. Most of my customers also prefer the
renting thing, rather than the expense of buying and having to keep the whole
hog in their facilities. Yes renting is better.

The truck was driven inside the large tent, and the covered cages were unloaded,
one at a time, into previously arranged curtained off areas.

Today their were five partitioned areas, in each area, a post had been driven
deep into the ground. In each section a stainless steel chain was welded to the
top of the post.

Personally, I lead each 'animal' out of her cage and padlocked her neck to the
chain in her partition. When this was all done, and I put up the 'OPEN for
BUSINESS' sign, my concession was open and ready for business.

The main customers for my pig's servicing were mainly young teen aged boys, from
the adjacent high school, who found it tremendously fulfilling, to be given blow
jobs, by a naked older woman, kneeling naked at their feet, and grunted like
pigs through out their servicing. They developed a great desire for this but
their own coed students were never as satisfying as my pigs.

As this was pig Claudia's first time, I knew I had to give her specific
instructions to keep her from straying from the menu. So when her first customer
and I entered her small space, she looked up frightened and tried to cover her
deliciously bald crotch and shaking tits.

At a frown form me, she quickly stopped that shit. Her ass still reminded of her
earlier error, no doubt.

The young man, a freckled faced youth I accompanied, was naked below the waist,
holding his well laundered jeans sort of self consciously, at waist height,
partially concealing his stiffening boner. Piggie could do nothing but kneel up
there letting it all hang out.

"Roger was it?" I inquired of the boy.

"UM >> Y.. yes sir." he answered self consciously at the sight of a totally
naked woman, probably about his mother's age kneeling there for his pleasure. He 
cautiously clutched the cloth tightly to his leg to obscure his rising prick. It
was a moment pregnant with a lot of fear on the sucker and the suckee's part. So
with my left hand I forced him closer and squarely in front of the anxious,
sucker, piggie.

"Don't be shy boy! This is one experienced cock sucker, PIG! She particularly
loves young strong cum producing peckers. Show her what you got boy."

I chided both participants.

As it was his first time, he seemed to want to back out of the particular area,
but I was slightly behind him, pushing relentlessly forward, and at a motion of
my hand, piggie reached out to captured his now rock hard man organ.

All this was too much for poor young Roger.

His load, of cum, blasted all over piggie's face and upper chest.

"UM .." piggie started, but then she saw me grab hold of my small tit whip
hanging from my belt. She stifled her comment, and bit her tongue. The mer
presence of the whip, had served to caution her from further out breaks of
verbal objections.

Piggie froze and just knelt there, waiting for directions from me, as the sticky
white mess oozed down over her face and dripped on to her ample chest. All the
while with the required alluring smile plastered over her face. Her hands stayed
at her sides .. waiting.

"Now Roger, you got off, but that wasn't as good for you, as it could have been.
Then too it deprived piggie, here of all that good yummy sperm, she soo loves to
swallow. By rignts now I should charge you, for your for another go at her lips
.. but I'm a fair man, and it is your first time. Isn't it boy? After all you
young bucks, can get it up almost as quick the second time, can't you? So,
PIGGIE, do Roger again, but this time be sure and get his pecker in your mouth
before you touch his shooter. You hear me?" I ordered.

Piggie looked kind of sick! But she obeyed.

Roger was delighted!

He was my customer for life. He shifted his dirty jeans, out of the way again,
and shoved his already hardening greasy dick back at Piggie's lips. Then he
waited for her to do something other than hand touch him.

I motioned whit my head.

Piggie having no other choice, puckered her lips, leaned forward, sucked in the
stiffening organ, till it was all in her warm moist oral cavity. Their was no
premature ejaculation this time. Using all her suction, she continued sucking
the boys prize organ till it completed its second cum. (It usually takes longer
the second time .. even for a young buck like Roger.)

The time their was no premature ejaculation, Piggie ingested the new small load
of sperm without a problem. At a frown from me she even wiped her face and
forehead of the dried ooze and licked it from her palm.

My instruction to Piggie, and the boy done, and the work progressing, I returned
to the cash register to collect the rental from the long line of horny younger
customers, most of who had cut class, and had the price of 'admission'.

The deal is cash only! no credit! Each customer, as they reached my cash
register, had to remove his trousers, and underwear, pay me the price, and then
go to the line of his choice, to wait his turn at one of my pigs.

(On the curtained entrance to each pig's 'sty' was a naked picture showing their
best side .. Full frontal nudity .. of the pig laboring inside, the sty ..
smiling!)

As Piggie, Claudia, was new, and all men like something strange, she had the
longest line of dicks waiting for her lips and tongue. Then too it was all new
to her so she took longeer with each customer.

This first spurt of young lads was really anxious. They had cut classes to get
here, ahead of the rush, for some mouth action from one of my pigs. In school,
the bitches teased, promised, and then usually didn't deliver .. etc .. but here
they knew if they paid, they're money, they'd get their nuts off. None of the
side saddle bull shit. Just cash in my hands and my pigs would get um off.

Customer service is my strong suit. As the above example illustrates.

OH, to kind of keep an eye on things, I had a five small monitors, each one,
showing the action in each of the stys, positioned below the counter. The feed
was coaxed from each camera, hidden in the curtains, on its way to the
recorder's in the truck.

The rest of the afternoon, like each of the 'Farmer's Markets' I attend, was
kind ah boring, for me, but the boys seemed to draw courage from having their
balls emptying. They all promised, to keep quiet about the wonderful time they
had, had in my exhibit, but that was a lie.

Sure! But I knew, the word of 'mouth' advertising these lads spread, was the
best kind of advertising I ever hope for.

Each satisfied customer, was another salesman, for me. Thus guaranteeing future
larger crowds of horny youths waiting for my pigs next week and on and on.

When the bell rang, indicating the market was over, I chased the rest of the
line of potential customers away, locked up the cash, and then went about
breaking down the business.. Sure they had more money, but I didn't want to ruin
a good thing. Recaging the now weary and mouth tired pigies was easy, and then I
went about loading my weary cum coated pigs back into the truck.

That is all but old Claudia. It was her day.

As she was the new pig, and I wanted to keep my set up going, I had to let the
old man, that ran the market, have his due, namely a piece of ass from one of my
pig's pussies. He too liked strange so Claudia was elected.

As I worked loading the others, the old man, owner went through the rear of
Piggie's (Claudia's) 'sty'. After running his old shriveled hands over her big
white ass, he released his organ, knelt down behind her, and made stabbing moves
at her hole. That waqs the way he liked it. With my pigs their was no fore play
required. So Piggie got her cunt done from behind her, just like before.

Like most elderly men, he was one of those, stick it in, and go to town, get
your nut and get out, kind-o-guys. (None of that kissie face his old lady
required if he wanted some.)

At his first touch Piggie stiffened, frightened that her hole would be .. , but
when the stiff dick that slammed into her already juicy hole, proved manageable
she relaxed some. Then as the old man went to town, she started to bask in the
approaching cum. A pair of rough hands parted her ass cheeks, wide. She kind
stayed relaxed, thinking it was me doing her cunt. She knew better than to offer
me any resistance.

It wasn't until the old geezer was panting and wheezing, trying to get his nut,
that she began to realize .. She was getting RA .. NAA! Just fucked doggie
style. Besides after servicing all those stiff dicks, she was soo horney. Her
mouth was sore from sucking all those little boy dicks, she felt this was the
best culmination of things for her own raging libido.

The old goat, must have had two of his pills, today because once he got staqrted
.. he just went on and on.

Piggie began pushing it back at him, showing her liking it. Piggie loved being
used this way!

Her cunt had, had an afternoon of frustration, just seeing and sucking dicks. So
this dicking sent her to piggie's heaven on earth. As this was not my only
endeavor, and I had to get home, I stood there waiting ..  but I had to let the
old codger get his cum. Finally he got his nut .. when he stood up and left.
When I went in to piggie's sty, to collected my last animal she finally realized
that the fucking she had, had wasn't me..

Wearily in passing, the old man remarked,

"I want that um, again, next time. OK?"

Piggie just beamed. She was wanted!

"You'll give yourself a heart attack. Old Man! Whyn't you stick to .. old R .. "

"NA! NO! That one!" he was adamant.

Who was I to argue. It was a match made of LUST! And the profit's from the stys
were GOOD! So let him have his fill. A pig, like her, wasn't going to wear out
her cunt from fucking the old man. So what harm is being done?

"OK! but you just rest up, the rest of the week, to get your strength up, and
your blood pressure down." I commented as I went about loading Piggie into her
cage and then the covered cage back into truck."

Weary from the long day I drove them directly to my garage.

The garage I rented in town was full of the other pigs cars, when I drove in and
unloaded them from their van. 

When I let um out of their cages, they all stood up, stretched with no concern
over their nakedness. They were a collection of different shapes and sizes and
ran from an elderly grandmother, to the young pierced tattooed teenie rocker.
Most of um knew the procedures, and shuffled over to the showers to clean up,
after first drinking from the water fountain. After their showers, they all had
places to go to. They had husbands and homes, where they were still regarded as
wives, and lovers.

(Boy were some people in for a shock ... some day if I decided to release their
working pictures and resumes.)

Claudia reluctantly followed the group silently, and when washed, made maximum
use the flowing water, to try to wash the dried cum taste out of her mouth. Next
all the pigs gathered around the video monitor to watch their latest whoreing
video.

All were somewhat horrified at the video, but all were secretly horny, form just
watching their and the other pigs deeds on the small screen.

As I had the disk on fast forward, the scenes of the afternoon passed quickly.
They were all still naked and denuded, so their was no hiding the few strumming
their fingers on clits, during the viewing. The video ended, and the tired horny
cock suckers, wanted their clothes, so that they could get dressed, go home and
fuck their partners brains out. With my key, I unlocked the trunk where all of
their clothes were stored and let um leave.

That is, all all but Claudia. Her I made get up on the stainless steel autopsy
table, and spread out her legs.

After securing her limbs, I placed a wet rags over her 'camel toe' area, and
went about my repeat task of positioned and welding in place her new bright
shiny new cunt ring. The wet rags were to keep her 'works' from being damaged ..
this time.

"If I find one file mark on this ring next time, I'll forget the wet rags and
let the sparks fly where they may and weld in a 4 inch THICK RING in here. You
hear me?"

"Yes sir1" she mumbled.

But she'll never ever get this sucker out of there without help .. a whole lot
of help. And how would she explain it to hubby or whoever? Let alone anyone else
whom she could get to help her try to get it out.

Her rear end stripes, still smarting, she didn't offer any resistance to the new
ringing of her pubes.

Working on her cunt, I got horny, so after the ring cooled, I released her from
the table, put her over the fucking fixture, and fed her cunt my stiff member.
As I had had a few cums previously today this one took a long time. Piggie came
a few times, so a great time was had by all.

She was soo wet and loose though, that about half way through, I raised up my
aim up, and finished off in her neither hole to much grunting and groaning from
both of us.

To wipe up her cunt drool I made her use her work skirt, before I let her climb
into my nice clean pick up truck, for the drive back to her car, still in her
company's parking lot. For security I had her kneel down, keeping my member in
her mouth, through the long round about ride. When we got there,

"OUT!"

I ordered.

"But my clothes?? Plea.." she began whining.

"For that little panties and no ring stuff, I should take you out somewhere 
like along a freeway and leave you  like this but .. " I began.

"Hay what are you two to doing here?" the security guard's voice called out.

Turning around, I saw the big fat slob, standing there trying to look imposing
in his shabby rent a cop like uniform.

"Why we've been out fucking, Officer, and Piggie here's sucked off all the
little boys in creation .. How about it? Officer .. Piggie here is willing. You
want a little mouth action from this pig?" I retorted.

At minimum wages, and with his looks and demeanor, I didn't think fat ass, here
got many offers of free hummers from naked animals of any kind.

Confirming my appraisal of his intelligence, he looked puzzled. All he seemed
able to do, was stand there trying to think of some officerly like answer. The
dilemma of 'Should I?? Or ..'  stumped his thought procuresses.

"Go on Honey .. Man's got a booner just looking at ya. Give him a BJ."

I ordered piggie as I turned around, and got into my truck.

She knew I ment it so she walked self consciously toward the man, and knelt
down. 

Without a word she unzipped him fished out his small stiffening organ and
proceeded to go into her suck off routine.

From the truck's back seat compartment, I retrieved my digital camera, and when
I saw, she had him going, I flashed a few pics to record the time/date and
action for Piggie's file.

"Now when she finishes you, give her, her clothes. (I threw the paper bag with
her things into the lot, by the pair.) Then you be nice and help her get
dressed. I'm sure in the future, she'll repay the favor, by blowing your whistle
for you .. say once a week .. OK?"

I didn't wait for the answer. I peeled out of the lot and went back to the farm.

It had been a long and profitable day, and I needed my beauty sleep.

Piggie's mouth received the small bitter man cream.

Quickly she got up, grabbed the paper sack and reached into her purse for her
keys.

She got in her car, and drove off still stark naked.

She didn't want to have the hulking guard try to get into her pussy. His
discharge in her mouth was enough for her.

She drove to her own home and dressed behind her bush shrouded driveway before
going inside.

Once she was safely inside her home she commenced to reliving her despicable
afternoon. She couldn't stop her hands from diving under her skirt, and
attacking her rapidly flowing cunt.

Her staid old live was never like this. Could she ever go back?? .. Did she even
want to?

As she masturbated herself to cum after cum she decided.

She liked being his piggie.

"OINK!  OINK!"

 End??




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                           Claudia the PIG
                               Part 3

My new pig, Claudia had been the big hit of the farmers market last week, so I
decided this time, I'd take her to the very next Thursday's market again, but
this time she would be my only animal for use!

True to my threat of greater oversight, though, this time I showed up
unannounced in her very own work cubical on Monday. Standing the open enclosure
as she was giving some customer, her standard line of bull shit with her back to
the opening I waited ..

Having no patience for that sort of shit, in mid sentence, I reached over her
head and cut her connection to whoever.

Shocked, she looked up into the reflection in the outside window, furious at
whoever had done that to her. Her expression turned, immediately to one of shear
terror when she recognized that the person responsible was me standing over her.

"Get out of that chair! .. Now hike that skirt up .. say up around .. your waist
.. NOW! I've come to inspect my property. Get to it Piggie! Or you'll make me
mad and you don't want to do that do you?" I demanded.

In terror she flew out of the chair, stepped to the side of the cubie, while
hiking up her short skirt, till ultimately it formed a useless belt of red
material up around her waist, just under her tits.

This time, I was pleased to see, there were no panties, blocking my view.
Looking closely you could easily see s her pubes were clean shaven, of all the
pesky hair, or stubble, that normally festers there. The atmosphere took on a 
sweet smell fragrance (probably talcum power she had applied this morning after
her morning shave), and most importantly, though, their dangling from her left
labia, the still shinny possession ring, I had welded there just last Thursday
nigh.

"Sit on the desk and spread your legs  ... WIDE!" I ordered not showing any
feelings one way or the other with her cunt's condition.

She kept here skirt around her waist, moved to the center of the desk, looking
self consciously at the cubie's open entrance, and sat down amid the pile of
papers she had been working on. She then spread her legs slightly.

Sitting myself in her comfortable working chair, I drew it up into close
proximity of her open knees. Slapping the legs open .. WIDE OPEN! I went about
performing a minutely detailed examination of the affixed ring, that was now
dripping her goo from her overexcited sex. In addition I ran the index finger of
my right hand up and down my crack, scratching the skin to insure it of its
owners attention.

From my comfortable seated position, I satisfied myself, she had not tampered
with my ring.

As a reward, for her good grooming, I commenced to strumming her tiny love
button .. vigorously!

You could see the terror in her eyes, at the possibility of being discovered,
here like this, in her work place. Soon despite her fear, though the terror turn
to LUST as I began my strumming of her little hiding love button.

In no time at all I had the little love bud extending and glowing its angry red 
excited color as her vagina heated up. Seeing this then I fed my fore finger up,
in and through her neither lips, into the gaping wet maw that was her vagina.

As it attempted to squeeze my submerged digit, I went about twisting the little
love bud ever which way between her velvet soft sex lips. Then for extra effect
I set about scratching the inner front wall of her fuck tube with my manicured
nails.

When I sensed that she was on the verge of cuming, I stopped, strumming and
scratching, and hastily withdrew my twisting finger.

From my pocket I took a viscous looking alligator clip and with no comment, 
snapped it onto the stuck out love button.

"UU >> NAAA Pleas.." She started to wine, and brought her right hand to my thick
wrist. I slapped it away.

Rising from her chair I slapped her face, stuck my dirty digit into her mouth
for cleaning, and ordered,

"Keep up the good work on my cunt, but you'd better polish that ring's tag. In
that swamp there between your legs it could corrode." I ordered.

Without another word I turned and left her cubie, and walked directly out of the
building.

When Thursday rolled around I made another surprise visit. This time though
after masturbating her clit, I finger fucked her ass hole. (Got to keep up her
training and then too today I was going to want to use that hole.)

Finding her cunt responsive, and her cunt mound again smooth and sweet smelling,
this time as I rose from her chair I demanded,

"Where is my clip?"

She leaned over and retrieved it from her purse. In one fluid motion she handed
it to me.

"Plea ... " she started to beg.

Holding her clit hood up with the fingers of my left hand, I positioned the clip
and as I smiled into her terror filled eyes, I snapped the clip shut on her
tender slab of flesh again. Twisting it to insure it was firmly attached, I
exited the cubie and demanded, 

"The parking lot in 5 minutes. And I mean 5 minutes! Never try to demand
anything of me again, I might get angry. Then something BAD! Really bad, might
happen to the little piggie. And I want to see my clip still on there when you
get down to the lot. You had no right to remove it .. ever!"

My inspection done, and her orders given, I turned and left her cubie. She had
to sort out her self, make up an excuse, and hobble on down to the parking lot
without dislodging the alligator clip, all in the time I had allotted.

Four minutes and thirty seconds later ..

With her blouse and bra held bunched up, with her purse in front of her, she was
undoing her skirt, as she hit the parking lot pavement. She paused standing
there as her undone skirt fluttered to the ground. After she retrieved it, she
just stood there obviously naked, and very nervous, looking around for me.

Finally she saw me standing beside her car. She tore over to me, put her pocket
book and things in the plastic bag my extended hand held and stood there while I
fished around in her swampy crotch to confirm my alligator clip had not been
dislodged.

Stepping around her cars to the trunk, I opened it, with my own key and ordered,

"Inside little piggie! And hurry. We're late for a very important date." 

She knew better than to argue. She climbed right in, offering no resistance, as
I took her things away, and locked her naked, inside the cramped metal enclosure
for she knew not what.

Climbing in her sedan I threw her stuff into the back seat, adjusted the seat
and mirror, before starting the vehicle. Then we were off on our short journey
to this weeks 'farmers market'.

Today my stall, in the selling area, consisted of only one only 'sty'.

A treat for Piggie!

"Only one pig today!", I told my waiting patrons "But today you have, your
choice of any of Piggie's three fabulous holes. Aren't you the lucky fuckers?"

Prices of course, varied according to which of her varied holes, the paying
customer's desires.

(In a one pig renting set up, to make comparable money, you have to facilitate
and insure easy accessible to all three of Piggie's holes simultaneously. To
this end, I had constructed a special overhead welded tube fixture.

From its tubes, the piggie would be suspended, with a few broad nylon slings, 
holding her body suspended about three feet above the floor at a slightly
downward angle.

One sling went around and supported her hips. Another was up over her tit's
swellings allowing the titties to hang free. Then two smaller straps supported
and kept her legs raised and parted like she was doing a ballet slight split. A
low inclined couch was positioned below her suspended body for the lucky
customer who had paid for, and would be using her dripping vacant cunt hole.

The ass fucker would approach Piggie from the rear, between her wide spread 
legs. He would just stand there with easy access her tight furled brown rose,
and use as hr pleased to get himself off.

The last customer, enjoying her lips and tongue, would stand before her slightly
raised head and get done there. Her participation at ball cradleing would be
expected.

To ease in the initial starting of things, I used some cunt / ass lube applied
in directly inside each of those holes, with my right fore finger. (To insure
easy access, at first, I kind'a like to stir the stuff around a bit in the then
tight holes.) Then to keep Piggie's mouth wide open, (no biting during her and
her customer's many cums) I inserted a ring gag behind her front teeth. And yes
I also used the cunt lube stuff on her lips too.

When I had every thing ready, I retired form Piggie's 'sty' leaving her
prostrated body open, available and waiting for her customers.

As all ways, I set up the first customers, manually and then I would monitored
and recorded the goings on from the cash register monitors, outside the
enclosure. As soon as I saw one customer finished, I called out which hole was
vacant and the next stiff dick, waiting in that line would stepped up to the
cash register, paid the fee, and entered the sty for his turn.

System! You have to have a system! And in the past, this one worked well for a
one pig rental market.

Pigggie had been taken aback, when I lead her alone from her car's trunk to her
working sty. Then she saw the whip I had on my belt, and remembered the burning
it produced last time, in her ass cheeks when she had committed an offence. She
knew to object this time would be similarly treated, so she settled down, and
got into the position I demanded. To give her extra energy, I gave her a shot of
crank in the right ass cheek, guaranteeing .. she'd be wide awake, energetic and
ready for anything!

When the first trio of customers arrived beside her, I positioned them. You
could plainly see she was a bit apprehensive, with all these dicks and their
jockeying around, but soon her trio of fuckers were all docked, and the
proceedings started.

At first they began to try to fuck her in unison. But from experience, over
time, I knew each customer would soon settled into his own rhythms.

Naturally Piggie at first showed some signs of apprehension and distress .. To
her it was like they each dick was trying to tear her away form the other two.
After all this was her first time taking on three dicks in her holes, all at
once. Then you could see on the monitor, her expression grew from one of pain
and apprehension .. through one of acceptance .. and finally in a while, she
began to exhibit the throws of glorious ecstasy.

She took a while to get her first cum, but soon, flooded with a seemingly never
ending supply of dick cream from every one fucking her everywhere at once, her
libido went over the top to a gigantic CUM!

Then her libido gradually picked up. She then got two cums, one from each of her
different holes, but each arrived at the same time, inside her. Then finally her
body moved her cums along into hyper drive, as her mouth filled with sticky man
cream. 

Her conscious mind suddenly could not determine where the cums were coming from.

To her, she was cuming like a never-ending string of firecrackers. Here is where
the ring gag went to work. If it wasn't there, she would grab and try to hold
her mouth dick with her teeth, forever.

Why she might injure one of my valued customers! If I had allowed that to
happen. I didn't!

Now she only showed some sign of distress, when one of her holes was unoccupied
by an oscillating stabbing dick.

Her distress only settled down when a new, stiff dick, settled into the formally
empty hole. Then she would osculate her body and movements to accommodate the
new fresh invader and its rhythm. 

She was in total rapture! within about ten minutes! 

Yes sir .. Piggie was a natural.

You could readily tell this by the rapid pendulum like swing of her cunt ring,
and hanging breasts as the ring slapped against her pubis, and her tits slapped
against her stomach. Whenever her cunt was unoccupied, she would working her
total body into a frenzy showing her displeasure at the vacancy.

The customers after some misgivings at the start, really got into the spirit of
the gang bang like scene, and it was all because of Piggies attitude to the
proceedings.

When the bell was rung signaling that the farmer's market was closing, I had to
practically beat the unrequited customers off with a stick.

After the last limp dick customer exited, I let Piggie just hang there from the
fixture for a while, while I packed up my take. She would be dripping sperm and
sweat for hours.

Then my cash register and monitors was stowed, I saw the proprietor of the
market coming out of the sty with a worried look on his face.

"What's Wrong Chuck?" I asked.

"She almost bit it off man. Next time I want another pig. That ones crazy!" He
mumbled as he staggered away with a big stain in the crotch of his dirty pants.

Inside the curtains the sty smelled like one giant cat box. Piggie was still
hanging there still shaking, pumping her own clit andpulling her nipples, trying
to get off again, since their were no more dicks to be had. When I tied her
hands together to ty to stop her, she went on madly rubbing her crotch with both
of her hands and moaning.

When I approached her, she tried to reach out and get to the crotch of my pants
so I had no choice, I maced her and while she was coughing and rubbing her eyes,
I let the fixture down.

Now a somewhat subdued Piggie was easier to get into her transport cage I had in
the truck. Positioned in the truck and covered with a tarp I drove Piggie to my
special garage.

Once I had the doors closed I brought the hose over and spray washed her from
outside her cage, then selecting the soap setting I flooded my pig container
with foam. Then reselecting the water setting, I rinsed her down a second time.

At first, cries of outrage emanated from the cage, (maybe because I used only
COLD water), then when the soap was filling the enclosure, Piggie, being the
female set about thing of cleansing her body and particularly her sex's rincing.

When the second rinse began, piggie cried out, but kept it to her allowed,
'oinks'.

It had been a long day for both her and me, so I went in and had a beer and a
piss to settle my own needs, while the time also allowed let Piggie air dry.

Satisfied my pig was presentable, I reloaded the cage, and drove back to the
sight of the farmers market to get Piggie back to her car.

Once I got to the deserted dark sight, I threw off the tarp, opened piggie's
cage and let her climb down off the back of my truck.

She stood there naked waiting while I got the bag where I had stored her clothes
and things. Before I let her dress though I took some digital stills with her
posing in the vacant lot with the town light in the background beside her car.
One series showed her holding her up her cunt ring from her crotch. A close up
showed the ring's placement deep in her left cunt lip and its inscription.

Then I gave her, permission to dress in her clothes. As she was rearanging her
things I drove away.

It had been a long day, but profitable. 

The end??




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~


                                                      The Pig

                                                     Chapter 4


Claudia, trying to resume her normal life, was in a department store shopping,
on the Saturday following her solo duty at the farmers market. She felt a bony
hand attach itself to her right shoulder. 

To her horror, when she looked around, she found that the hand
belonged to a slender red headed boy, a full head shorter than herself.

&lt;What did he want?&gt; she wondered.

The boy looked familiar, but she could not place him.

&lt;Could he be a clerk from one of the stores she had visited?&gt; she
wondered.

"I'd like a blow job!" the boy told her .. right there .. beside the mall
fountain with all the normal people walking around them.

She was shocked!

&lt;What the hel..&gt;

Then she remembered the boy.

He had been her first customer on her sty duty on her first farmer's market day.

&lt;NO He can't mean .. &gt;

She wanted to shout at the boy, but the confident smile on his face, and the
public place tended to quell any argument from her part.

In a daze, fearing exposure, she let herself be lead to the underground parking
lot and into a customized gold van with very plush carpeting through.

Once inside she tried to seat herself in the passenger's side captain
Chair, hoping to discuss and possibly reason with the young man.

The boy pushed her off the seat, before she had her ass all the way down. 

She suddenly found herself in the normal position of a cock sucker, kneeling on
the van's carpeted floor.

The boy took the place in front of that chair, and went, in a bent over posture,
about undoing his tight jeans. When he was unzipped, he pushed his jeans and
underwear down to the floor. Seeing his stiff little pecker sprouting from his
crotch, she remembered this lad vividly. He was the one who had cum all over her
face and chest that first day.

Funny what memories her mind conjured up from the sight of this dick helmet.

She didn't really want to .. so tried to reason with him ..

"U  Um .. Look I know .. y .." she began when he ordered,

"Get that shit off, the whole lot, or I'll tear it off, and then leave you here
naked when I'm done! Now get to it WHORE. I haven't got all day."

She was shocked! She couldn't very well do anything but what he demanded, as he
could all ways tell everyone he had, had her before at the farmer's market.

Seeing her hesitation, he produced one of the souvenir pictures of her kneeling
naked with a greasy dick in front of her smiling face, from his pants pocket.
Then he showed her another close up, showing her kneeling naked with his dick in
her mouth. These were the souvenir pictures, the farm owner had taken of her
working that first day. They were sold as momentous of the customer's
experiences at the market.

She was horrified!

But then the boy turned the pictures over and in bold letters they both said,

"The bearer of this card is entitled to one free blow job from this PIG
when ever he comes across her in the normal course of his travels."

She looked up to plead but the smug expression the stiff dick, and the card
virtually guaranteed her acquiescence to the youth's demands.

She knelt up and reached for the boys short fat pecker.

The boys hands slapped hers away form his crotch.

"I prefer my cock suckers .. NAKED!"

Claudia had no choice. Cursing herself for ever gotten into such a fix
she began to lift her dress over her head. As she now never wore panties
this only left her, her bra. This too she hastily removed.

As she dropped the bra onto her discarded dress, she futilely drew her
right hand over her denuded pubic mound and tried to cover her
nipples with her left fore arm and elbow.

The boy wasn't buying it.

"Quit that modesty crap. You're a whore! We both know what you are .. So quit
trying, the covering up stuff, routine and get to the dick sucking." He
demanded.

It was as if the boy had slapped her face. He was right!

She dropped her pretense at modesty and leaned toward the boy's crotch.

&lt;He's right! I'm just an old whore pig. He and I both know it.&gt; her
conscious mind informed her.

As she got the small dick in her fingers, her belly started to spasm. If their
had been panties over her crotch, she would have now begun wetting them. As
their were none she just began to flow her cunt juices over her freshly shaved
labia and down her thighs.

Leaning into the boy's smelly crotch, she secured the little pud inside her
sucking lips. After all the dicks she had drained at the markets, to again have
her first 'customer's' dick again in her mouth, was like old times. Though it
was different this time. He wasn't standing uncomfortably. He was conformably
seated holding her head, this time, securely wedged between the his strong
thighs. The position made her feel .. comfortable? NO! Well if anything secure
.. and wanted ..

She felt soo good she wanted this moment to last .. but the boy, in his lust and
excitement, quickly shot his wad again too quickly but this time in her mouth.

Just like at the market, she began to tongue clean the male organ that had just
discharged in her mouth. When she was done, she would be ready to leave. Their
wasn't and more customers. Then as she turn slightly to look and see where her
clothes were and get back to the ...

FLASH .. FLASH ..

The flashing of a camera blinded her.

WHEN SHE COULD SEE AGAIN, SHE FOUND HERSELF BEING PHOTOGRAPHED, BY ANOTHER YOUTH
SEATED IN THE SWIVLE DRIVERS CHAIR, WITH A DIGITAL CAMERA.

The sudden sun bursts of the two camera flashes HAD caught her COMPLETELY by
surprise. The boy, AT SOME SIGNAL, had held her head against his belly for the
first one and she had been caught coming off his exploding dick for the second
exposure.

Looking over to where the flash had emanated Claudia could only see around the
temporary burned out portion of her retina that someone was seated in the chair.

Blinking and trying to see the photographer, only added to her flash imposed
blindness, when yet another pair of flashes again came from the driver's side of
the van, but then she heard,

"Why Mrs D. won't my mom and the rest of our neighbors be surprised to see you
sucking cocks? I mean really .."

Piggie's blood ran cold!

The voice belonged to Constance Maronia, Claudia's next store neighbor's teen
aged daughter.

Claudia wanted to die. She could never go home again. Her safe husband .. The
comfortable living style that she had enjoyed .. It was all now shattered .. Why
was her cunt flowing soo?

"Pleas .. she managed before another boy who had taken her seducer (if that's
what was) place grabbed her head and fed her his own stiff dick.

Again the flashing erupted form the drivers swivel chair

"You just can't get enough dick can you? You old whore you! When Roger showed me
the photo he bought and told me of your talented tongue, I just couldn't believe
it. Well see is believing .. Isn't it. And then too we have these pictures and
the others as graphic proof .. Don't we."

Claudia could not offer any verbal defense, as the second boy was holding her
head captive with his dick piercing her oral cavity and descending almost 
through to her throat opening.

Naked, with a dick in her face, she could do or say nothing to defend herself.
She just went on with her cock sucking, as Constance went on with her
photography and berating of the older woman.

The farmer had made her do these things .. or so she liked to think, but deep
down, though she feared every thing he had her do .. she loved the feeling of
her helplessness, when she was under his tutelage.

But now this wasn't a sexy stranger directing her subservience personality ..
This was her teenaged neighbor, whom she had baby sat, and she now had
photographs of her performing sex acts on, not one, but two under aged boys, who
would no doubt bear witness against her, if she made a fuss. The thought of it
made her shutter as if cold .. but she had never felt her clit ache so, even
without anyone even having touched the small slab of flesh.

Kneeling there she had never been soo horny since the first time the farmer made
her 'play' with his young neighbor Beth.

Just then her tongue registered that the second boys had shot his load.

Totally by reflex, she swallowed the second boy's goo, although the taste and
sticky feeling stayed in her mouth as the shrinking cock exited her puckered
lips. She herself wasn't satisfied. Totally on its own her right hand began to
kneed her now stiff little clit.

"Boys are .. soo .. short lived when it comes to sex, aren't they. Then too they
lack imagination, and now that they've had their cum .. they will be done for
quite a while. They aren't ever a match for a robust woman, are they?" Constance
observed. 

Claudia could only kneel up there on the carpeted floor, and try to look for her
clothes, hopping the young people were through with her .. and so she could go
home .. for now.

"BOYS! Their things are soo short lived. Not like us Mrs D. hungh?"

As her passion built, Claudia did not answer. Her clothes seemed to have
disappeared, so she shrank down into the type of crotch females use when
embarrassed. Then using her hands to try to cover her 'nasty bits' she looked
over at her comfortably clothed female adversary.

"Now don't get all shy on little old me, WHORE!" Constance called to the older
woman.

"We both know you are one old horny pervert. Why, I even have pictures of you
doing it .. COCKSUCKER!"

"Pleas.. " Claudia began.

"Now let's get more comfortable .. OK? Put your hands down .. stay here if you
want, or you can leave."

"But my clot.." Claudia tried to reason with her younger opponent.

"OH! Yea .. Well the boys have those, and in here, now, its just you and me ..
and we have to come to an understanding. Now all you have to do is open that
door and streak away. The boys and I won't stop you .. But I'll be screaming and
tearing my blouse. I think I'll even crying RAPE!"

"Wha.. "

"Its one of my favorite blouses, but just think what the people all around, in
the garage will think. I'm sure they easily find you .. You'll be arrested and
even if you don't go to prison .. You will be a sex offender .. for the rest of
your life. You'll lose your husband and everything .. Now decide quickly .."

She had no choice.

"What do you want from me?" Claudia asked sheepishly, still in her crotch and
haphazard covered condition.

"Well for one thing quit that nonsense with your hands. You are a naked whore.
We both know it. So stop the ridiculousness and .. say place your fingers
intertwined behind your neck. Like prisoners on TV. I'm a girl .. I've seen it
all before, so .." Constance demanded.

Claudia had nothing to lose. The mer girl all ready had seen her naked .. had
pictures of her naked and further pictures of her doing .. Well she had no
alternative.

Claudia knelt up and joined her fingers behind her neck.

"Better but let's see it all .. WHORE! Spread the knees so the crotch is open ..
wide open."

"Oh lookie there .. a tag. Sexie misses D. OK! Now elbows back so those puny
tits stick out. Like you have um when you are with me, show um."

Claudia hesitated.

"Or do I have to ruin this blouse and start screaming."

Claudia did not want that. She spread her legs wider and stretched her elbows
out as the young girl desired. She realized that she was becoming more horny
than when she sucked off the boys. She wasn't comfortable. To surrender herself
to the two boys .. and now to a female youth really turned her on. She had never
felt so subservient in her life. And she found out .. though terrified .. SHE
LIKED .. SHE LOVED IT!

The young girl arose form the drivers' captain's chair and bent over reached out
to capture Claudia's left nipple.

No other female, had ever had grasped her nipple like this. It was obscene to
let this mer ..

Reflexively Claudia leaned back in an attempt to deny the girl free access to
the desired bit of flesh.

SLAPP

Constance's left hand, in a blurred motion, contacted Claudia's right cheek
while the fingers of her right hand still held a tight grip on the now hurting
nipple.

"You better hold still BITCH or I'll slap you siller than you all ready are. Now
stay there while I amuse myself." Constance demanded.

Claudia's cunt became a river. She was in the most humble position of her adult
life. SHE FEARED THIS GIRL .. AND SHE LOVED IT ..

To be ordered about by a young girl .. could she sink any lower?

Constance tired of the nipple and went back to her chair, but before she sat
down she loosened the buttons on her jeans and drew them and her panties down to
her thighs. Then she sat her naked ass in the chair with her legs held tightly
together in front of the chair.

"Crawl over here bitch. And take my jeans and panties down. NOW!" Constance
ordered.

Claudia crawled over and reached over to do as ordered.

"Let's do this right. Keep your hands behind your head .. and use your teeth."

This required Claudia to get up close and personal with the young woman's crotch
.. but Claudia had no choice. Placing her head over the balled up jeans with the
smell of another excited female cunt .. like her own, in her nostrals, Claudia
bent to the demeaning task. Tugged the required garments down to the girls
ankles was a chore.

Constance lifted her feet up and ordered,

"All the way off bitch."

"I like this! We're having fun aren't we whore?"

Claudia tugged and pulled and in general had a terrible time taking the tight
jeans and panties off the pirouetting feet.

When Constance's lightly hared crotch came out of its coquina, she spread her
legs wide and commenced to rubbing her little love button. The odor of stale
sweat and in general body odor rushed to Piggie's nostrils.

"I'll bet you haven't ever seen a cunt as nice as this one .. have you, you old
whore you. Have you?" Constance questioned her thrall. "Well you're going to
become better acquainted with this one right now, and you better do a good job
on it, or I'll have the boys hold you down, and I'll wail on your fat ass with
my nice thin leather belt."

Claudia was horrified. True she had played with Beckie .. but that wasn't a
young girl. This youth was almost fully grown woman. The cunt before her face,
though only lightly covered with hair was woman sized!

She did not really want to do this .. She wasn't a lesbian, but this young
woman, could with one word, or shout, could cost her, her whole life. While she
hesitated a smiling, Constance took matters into her own small well manicured 
hands. Grabbing two hands full of the older woman's sweat soaked hair, she drew
Claudia's gasping face between her parted thighs, into her soaking, stinking
crotch. When she had the tightly closed mouth against her own crotch she
demanded.

"You better get to work, cock sucker, or I'll start screaming, and you know that
would make your life a living hell."

Claudia didn't really want to, but she knew she had to do the homosexual act.

Constance's death grip on her head, and her threat left Piggie no wiggle room.

Reluctantly Claudia began kissing her way up and down the young girls damp
smelly crack. When she got to the stiff slice of sticking up flesh, Claudia
suctioned it in between her lips. The young girl shuttered! But Piggie held on
to the delicate flesh for dear life.

Once she started she continued irregardless of the girls shutterings

She was not aware of anything but her suctioning, till the sated girl pushed her
face away. The girl had had maybe eighth cums. While the pair were engaged in
their dyke act, the first boy had returned, aimed the camera, and was busily
capturing the lesbian acts between the two females.

Kneeling there horny and unsatisfied after Constance had pushed her away,
Claudia could not help hoping that the young girl would go down on her ..

Her own flowing crotch cried out for some of the attention, she herself had
provided, but she dare not masturbate, as the viewers of the tape being made,
would see her and think she was some kind of pervert.

Constance stood up and took up her panties. As she put them on she observed,

"From your red face I see you are horney. Does the old whore need to cum?"

Claudia only blushed!

"Well don't kneel just kneel there. Bend over and stick that ass up and we'll
see if one of these studs wants any of your old holes."

She was soo horny Claudia did as ordered.

"Roger why not fuck the old whore? Consider it a mercy hump .. OK?"

The first youth again unzipped and advanced upon Claudia's sticking up ass.

He easily squired the flowing hole and went to work, but Constance amused at the
coupling bent over with the camera and whispered something in the boys ear.

Claudia on the verge of bliss, found herself denied. William pulled back and
without missing a stroke fitted his now rock hard organ into Claudia's small
tight brown rose.

It happened soo fast Claudia had no time to try to object.

First their was bliss and then a stabbing pain, and then the agony of the
youth's swift cadence, in and out of her tightest, most private hole.

The totally new sensation of being ass fucked, while not new, rapidly became
normal to Piggie.

"I hear only the lowest whores, take it up the ass like this, don't you know?"

She needed that cum soo bad that even Constance's comments did not deter it.

As she lay there on the van floor resting the youths gave her back her clothes
and left her to get dressed.

As she left Constance informed Piggie,

"Oh! I'm having a sleep over at my house next week. My parents will be away, and
you'll be the entertainment .. WON'T YOU WHORE!"

Slam! The van door closed leaving Piggie in her partial stupor to dress with a
sore ass hole, to contemplate how she would explain her commitment to the
neighbor girl to her husband Saturday night.


The end??




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Pig 5

It was Thursday again and Claudia was soo anxious that he
would come to her work and get her for another afternoon
duty in a sty in the 'farmer's market' that she stayed home
from work.

That and the development with the young girl next door had
worried her soo she could not concentrate on work or
anything.  Her job was in jeopardy and her very life .. But on
the bright side the sex had never been better.

After all that was what she had attended the clandestine
meeting in the highway rest stop for in the first place, but
things were getting out of hand.

Maybe if she hid here in bed for a 'while' the outside world
would forget about her and she could resume her normal dull
life again .. she hopped.

Telling her husband she had a headache she went back to bed
when he left for work. To increase her feeling of security she
had doned her thick flannel pajamas and huddled under her
thick quilt.

About 10 am .. while she was in a sound sleep she was rousted
awake by someone turning her mattress over, depositing her
on the floor. While she was struggling to extricate her body
form the tangle of sheets and quilt her head was suddenly
bathed in a torrent of something smelly, warm, and yellow.

She tried to open her eyes but the odiferous fluid caused her
eyes to close to escape being coated with whatever it was.

She tried to protest,

"Loo ..."

Only to have the stream of the stuff directed down past her lips
into her throat . she quickly abandoned any attempt to
verbally respond and continued to struggle to get awan form
the attach by extricating her body from the bead sheets and
quilt.

The small quantity of liquid that had penetrated her mouth
told her she was being pissed on.

The stream abated and she cautiously opened her  eyes. There
above her was the farmer with his dick in his hand pointed at
her like a weapon.

"Open your mouth .. NOW! I have some more to give you and
you'd better not let me catch you trying to spit it out." He
demanded.

Claudia had no choice. She opened her mouth and accepted his
bitter 'gift' with no objections.

Her stomach rumbled and threatened to spew forth his 'gift'
but she knew if she did that he would punish her, so she
swallowed the horrible liquid and kept a smile on her face.

He reached down and unrolled her from the bedclothes like it
was a rug. Her body rolled over and over till it exited the cloth
and finally stopped with her face down on her bedroom rug.

"Did I tell you, you could sleep in shit like that?" he demanded.

Hanging her head is shame, at the unthinkable act of  covering up, of his
property she managed to humbally mumble,

"No Sir."

"Get that shit off .. my pig .. fast. I told you I want my pig NAKED at all
times when you are in the house.  Saves me time whenever I chose to come by and
inspect my pig. Now get to it! QUICK!"

Not even attempting to turn over or stand, she tore off her comfortable pajama
top and discarded it. Then just raising up slightly, she pull down the bottoms
from her ass and discarded them too. 

Then she lay there, naked, face down on her own the rough shag of her bedroom
carpet. Cautiously she raised up her head and peered around at where she thought
he might be.

He was seated on her vanity stool, going through her under ware draw. He seemed
to be throwing out every pair of panties she had. Next he commenced to cutting
out the crotch of all her panty hose.

She knew better than to offer any objections. Next he left her thee on the floor
but returned quickly with a large paper sack. After policing all the discarded
items into the bag he tossed it to her and ordered,

"Take that shit out to your garbage can ... NOW! And I never want to see shit
like that in this house again."

She started to rise up to obey, but he placed his heavy right hand behind her
head, keeping her bend over kneeling, and further ordered,

"Crawl over here, and pick up and begin caring the bag in between your teeth!
Hurry up! I've wasted enough time with you and this shit now."

Did he know she would have crawl outside naked? Out of her own safe house, over
the open driveway to place where the garbage cans were?

Before she asked the question, she knew the answer to that. He didn't care about
little shit like her modesty. Immediately her belly tightened at the prospect.

&lt;What if Carol (her next door neighbor) saw her doing such a demeaning task ..
she would spread it all over the neighborhood in five minutes, but Piggie knew,
she had no options.

So with the paper bag, containing her entire descent under ware collection,
firmly gripped in her teeth, Piggie, crawled reluctantly down her hall, to her
house's side door. As she neared the half way point, she suddenly felt another
orgasm coming .. she wondered what kind of a perverted bitch she was becoming.

&lt;But it felt soo good!&gt;

SWATT!

Her right ass cheek exploded in pain with of stroke of his doubled over belt and
the order,

"I don't have all day to fool with you're sill shit! Now get a hassle in that
fat ass of .. "

SWATT

Again he had swung the belt, and this time her left ass cheek felt its stink.

She nearly wet her self at the sudden pain, but kept her bladder in check and
continued on down the hall.

When she got to the outer door, he opened it and as she crawled out ..

SWATT!

Again the belt caressed her tender hind quarter speeding her across the drive
way to the garbage cans.

Slam!  Click!

Too late she realized as she was about to deposit her things inside the refuge
container, that he had locked her outside her own house Naked with a bag in her
mouth like some stray dog.

It was all she could do to finish the task, she had been sent out to do. Then
despite the desire to bend over and masturbate right there by her garbage cans,
she turned and crawled back to the locked side door.

He was standing there inside pointing down the drive toward her back yard.

Self-consciously, hoping none of her respectable neighbors saw her naked ass,
she crawled down the drive way to the back yard.

At least there she would be away from the street. (She hopped .. )

When she entered the back yard, she encountered a large reddish brown male DOG!
Sunning his belly in the grass.

He had been chewing on a large dinosaur like bone but at her arrival he looked
up curiously. Her appearance naked from the side of the house did not disturb
him. In fact he seemed happy to see her.

She was not happy to see him. All her life, from the time a stray bit her, she
had feared canine teeth.

The back door to her house opened, and the farmer and another man, emerged
nonchalantly sipping from her best crystle coffee cups.

"Piggie come on over and meet your new lover boy, Bruno!"

""NO! NO! NO!,"

She screamed and tried to curl up into a ball. This was too much!

Unperturbed the man with the farmer continued filming her every move. The farmer
sauntered over, stuck his right hand in between her tightly clenched legs,
leaned down and began fingering her defenseless sex. He concentrated on getting
his fingers drenched with her drool.

He stood and then whistled. Bruno obediently came  trotting over to the farmer,
and sniffed the out stretched right hand. His tail went up and commenced to
wagging like it had a will if its own. Bruno liked something in that scent. 

"Don't be prejudice! Or I'll drag you back to the farm, and mate you with a
horny old boar that I keep just for reluctant piggies like you. He is gross and
weighs in at about 500 pounds. Trouble with him is he sometimes get carried away
and rolls over on his mates. Then he eats his whores .. literally."

Terrified of the dog, but not doubting for a minute that the farmer would bring
her back to the farm, Claudia let her legs open facilitating, the dog's head
access to her wet smelly crotch.



Seizing the opening Bruno dipped his wet muzzle into the human female's crotch
and commenced to exploring the total area with his long rough wet tongue.

Piggie was terrified at first that the canine might bite her most precious area
.. but the warm wet tongue sliding over her perineum amongst other places
convinced her that her new lover knew his way around a human female cunt.

Claudia cease to thinking with her head. Her cunt ruled! And her body's pleasure
centers were all that mattered.  She the human thinking logical female did not
exist anymore. She was only a cunt. She drew on the pleasure it was being given.

Nothing else mattered!

The camera man recorded it all.

A couple of commands, she missed, in her euphoric state and hand directions,
from one of the men, to Bruno, and Piggie found herself balanced on her head. In
this position, with her ass sticking up, wide open, the ever present tongue, of
her canine lover, going to town on her now stiff love button.

She would have done anything for the giver of such  pleasure ..

Then Bruno lurched forward, vaulting himself over her open ass crack. Finally
securing himself, on her bent over back with his duclaws sticking into her waist
side belly roll.

Despite the pain of the claws digging in to her flesh she wanted to feel her new
lover inside her.

She waited in anticipation, as her doggie lover jockeyed about, for position, to
attain purchase in one of her plethora of ports. His now rock hard organ seemed
to flop all up and down her defenseless crack, with no clue to where it wanted
to be.

After much shifting and stabbing , mostly to her perineum threatening to make
her a new ass hole, Bruno attained a docking with her vagina ..

She attained her best so far, 'O' with Bruno so far. As she stopped all
conscious thought from a pleasure over load, Bruno went into over drive trying
to drive his long rock hard doggie dick through his human female lover.

It was the pain of the doggie organ battering her uterus that brought Piggie's
conscious mind back to the surface.

Hopping to stop the constant battering from her over exuberant lover Piggie
shifter her ass slightly downward.

The result was unexpected.

Bruno on a back stroke flipped out of her vagina, and in the for stroke, his
rampaging fuck tool squired her tiny tightly furled ass hole.

Without pause, as it was slicked down from her drool, stiff and had forward
momentum, the fleshy tool slapped its full length into her bowels.

Her ass hole immediately started to burn!

This wasn't pleasure .. or .. As suddenly as it happened the piercing pain began
to take on a new and different depth of pleasure.

Claudia came to the realization of being ass fucked. She HURT! But as suddenly
as it had come it became a new and different kind of pleasure.

Any doubt in her mind she had, had vanished.

Under hiss direction she had become what she had all ways striven to avoid.

SHE WAS A TOTAL WHORE!

And she did not care one iota.




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


After her 'love making', on video, with Bruno, she felt elated .. like the great
weight of her middle class morality, had been lifted from her stout shoulders.

She realized that now, and forever more she was nothing but a pig, his PIG!

In future she would do nothing, to compromise that. What he wanted her to do,
she would do. If he wanted her to dance naked in the street .. She would dance
.. NAKED!

When he came home that night, she informed her husband that, Friday night, and
FOR the rest of the weekend, she would be busy, chaperoning the neighbor girl's
slumber party.

Her husband objected .. vigorously! This gave her a chance to cut him off,
completely, again. 

(Since her initial rendezvous with the farmer, she had shied away from all
sexual contact with her husband. She feared that the ring in her labia, and her
now permanently shaved cunt, would cause her husband to question her
faithfulness. Or thinking all this was for him, he would try to 'horn in' on her
sex organs which were now dedicated to the farmer.)

Besides right now .. her innards were still in shock needing to recover from
Bruno's masterful kind of love making. The soreness of her crotch too reminding
her of what her libido needed to be satisfied .. now! Her husbands gentle love
making just wouldn't do. 

The next morning on the way to work, she noticed out the buses window, a young
girl walking a large dog. Immediately her mind raced, to what kind of canine
lover that dog would make for her? Her vagina commenced to drooling at the
prospects of this new canine lover.

Oh how she envied the young girl. Having such a fine animal with its obviously
long thick animal dick .. there just waiting for ..

&lt;She probably doesn't have a clue as to what she has, and what fun she could
have with it! Given that the girl too might possible lack morality.&gt;

The rest of the day, she found herself fantasized about her love making
afternoon, the previous day, with a very horny canine, Bruno. In her mind's eye,
whenever she looked up from her desk in the cubie's window she visualized
Bruno's unsheithed massive male organ. Its length .. Its texture under her
tongue .. and its salty wonderful taste ..

She should get herself a dog.

Maybe the farmer would let her take Bruno, at least for a little while if she
was a good little piggie.

She'd be soo good to that animal .. She'd well she just would ..

Then she began to wonder what the farmer's boar was like?

Though the prospect of a 500 pound lover scared the bejesus out of her. Then she
remembered that only yesterday Bruno and fucking him had scared her. Now?

Her whole day passed slowly.

Anticipation can do that to you.

When she got home she stood, naked, at her kitchen window, stroking her heated
crotch with her right index finger, reliving all the moments in the back yard
yesterday. Then ..

Ring .. ring ..

She answered her phone hopping it was him.

"Hello!"

"Well you are home aren't you Mrs. D.. goodie. Get your fat ass over
here and I'll explain what you are going to do for me tonight, when all
the girls come. Hurry NOW! I'm waiting."

Click.

Claudia had almost forgotten about the girl and her command performance. She
didn't want to go but .. he had told her to go, but open the back door as soon
as she could.

Hating Constance every step of the way, she made her way to her neighbor's back
door dressed in only her robe.

There in the kitchen was Constance in her skin tight jeans and two sizes too
small sweater, sitting faceing the kitchen door, on her cell phone with someone.

Seeing Claudia standing there, Constance motioned for the older woman to come
in. Then when she was inside she motioned for her to .. do something ..

Claudia just stood there dumb founded, Constance put her hand over the phone's
microphone and spat out,

"Strip Bitch!"

No preliminarys .. no greetings .. just 'Strip bitch!'.

The thought of just leaving this evil child, and her vile nature, and going to
the famers place, and staying in her nice comfortable sty, with Bruno ..
forever. The fantasy crossed her mind, but he had ordered her to come here ..
and leave the back door open .. So she hastily removed her robr, then stood up
holding the cloth before her crotch and swaying tits.

She fanaticized she was doing it was all for him. He all ways wanted her naked,
all the time when she was inside, and when ever she was before him. She imagined
she had denuding herself for him, not this slip of a girl.

Then the ugly reality set in,

"My you Travel light don't you. Well don't just stand there like a ninnie. Hang
your shit in the hall closet .. neatly .. and get back here so I can explain
your duties .. and then maybe you can .. "

The female monster dispatched the naked Piggie, again holding her hand over her
mouth piece, then, the orders given, went on with her conversation.

Claudia took her robe and hung it, in the hall closet, then returned to the
monster still on the phone in the kitchen.

"Make your self useful! Make some coffee, use the french roast!"

Piggie was now forced to become naked domestic servant.

This wasn't sexy! or erotic .. but he had said she had to come here .. and so
she went about the task of 'making coffee' in someone's else's kitchen .. nude.

It felt soo strange to be in Jeanie's kitchen, doing her daughter's bidding like
some servant, but she was doing it.

Claudia had been invited over to this house to have coffee here before, but she
had all ways been tastefully dressed. To be here, nude seemed somehow ..

"OK ..  See ya soon. .. BY!" Constance called into the phone's receiver and
snapped the instrument shut. Placing it on the table in front of her, she
rhetorically said,

"That Gloria is such a bitch .. and she talks a blue streak all the time. You
just caqn not get ride of her. If her daddy didn't have more money than mine,
I'd .. Well he does .. So daddy says I have to put up with the bitch .. Now
where is that coffee?"

"Perking!" Piggie answered.

"Its been such a stressful day for me .. I need to unwind .. sp while its
perking, why don't crawl over here, and relieve my tension. First how bout
rubbing the bottoms of my tired feet .. with your nice big soft titties?"

This was too much .. way too much .. but she needed this witch, keep quiet about
her giving the boys blow jobs ..  to allow her to live her normal life.

Gritting her teeth every inch of the way, Piggie knelt down, crawled over, to
the unshod obnoxious teen, and commenced to rubbing the dirty smelly left foot
on her own right breast.

"OH that feel lovely. I can see we are going to get along fabulously. Rub
the nipple in my instep. Yea .. just like that .. Now do my other foot. You
know I'm surprised your old saggy tits are soo soft. When I tell the girls
about um, I'm sure they will all want a tittie-foot massague for themselves."

Piggie was not happy. The girls feet smelt like she hadn't washed them in weeks.

Piggie was sure she had never sunk this low .. or had she ..

"Now while you go on with your foot massage, I'll explain what your duties will
be tonight. Tomorrow .. well we'll play that by ear then .. OK?"

From under her seated butt, the teenager produced a hunk of black
leather, and tossed it to Piggie.

"Roger has all the magazines. He got that for me a while ago to show me what he
thought I'd like. .. Can you imagine .. Now you know a decent girl .. like me
would never let herself be put into that .. that .. thing, but when I stumbled
across his picture of you in his wallet, I knew just who it would look perfect
on. Let's see it on the old whore. OK?"

"Now don't be shy! Put it on your face .. oh and tuck all your hair up under it
.. Can't have any of the girls guessing my whore, is really my next door
neighbor, can we?"

Claudia unfolded the thing and found that it was a black leather bondage helmet.

It would cover her face and store her hair. It had a strap that went right down
over her nose leaving her eyes and mouth open and available. To facilitate its
installation the back of the thing had a number of eye lets for the leather lace
that secured the whole thing tightly to her scalp, when it was on.

Reluctantly, at the girls insistence, Claudia placed the confining black leather
thing over her face, being careful to tuck her hair up under it. Then she turned
to let Constance thread the lace that would hold the mask over her head,
obscuring her identity.

When the girl pronounced it done, Claudia felt as though her eyes were bulging 
out of their sockets, and her jaws felt constrained from their covering.

All through the 'fitting', the smell of new leather filled Piggie's nose. It was
like that new car smell. In some ways she felt a new .. whore .. for this girl.

This thought made her cunt drool.

A new exotic whore! That's what she was!

The leathery smelling whore, turned back toward the girl and came facing to the
young woman's jean clad crotch. It was Piggies destiny, today, she knew, form
her past experience with this youth to have her mouth here for the night.

"Let's give that thing a try .. shall we .. I have just the crotch to try it out
on." Constance demanded.

She rose, umbuttoned the tight garment and tugged it and her lacy panties down
off her ass. Again the girl seated herself with her legs tethered tightly
together.

"You know what's required. Just like the other day. Go on do what I taught you."

'Taught me?' Piggie's mind raged, but he had ordered her to be here .. so she
positioned her mask encased face down on the outstretched girls pants covered
right leg. She tried to grab the cloth without grabbing the youth's skin.

"OOO!!" Constance complained, "Do that again and I'll have Roger, when he get's
here knock those teeth out of your head. Now come up here and tug down from the
waist stupid."

Piggie shifter her mouth to the top of the tight jeans, gripped the smelly
elastic waist band, and commenced tugging down the thick denim cloth.

With her first tug, Claudia managed to drag the crotch area of the garment down
to almost knee level.

"Not bad! but do get my panties down too .. so I can open my legs .. this is too
confining. Remember what fun, we had the other day when you got my panties off?"

&lt;Fun? That bitch!&gt; Piggie's mind remembered.

Clenching the lacy white fabric in her teeth Claudia again drew her head to the
girls tightly clenched knees. When she lifter her captive head up, the thick
cloth and the delicate white lacy stuff now lay at the girl's knee joint.

The girl shifted her legs out straight, giving her 'servant' a straight shot at
removing both of the garments from the girl's lower legs.

"OH! Quit fooling around, you old whore! You and I both know, you just can't
wait to get your nasty mouth of yours at my wonderful pussy."

At the girl's comment Piggie wanted to .. stand up and leave .. or thrash her ..
but he had told her to be here, so she again lowered her mouth, to do as the
young girl command her though she detected doing Constance.

Through some tedious tugging and repositioning of her teeth Piggie finally
managed to get the young girls lower half totally uncovered. 

Again today, totally unselfconsciously, Constance spread her legs, and began
rubbing her sweat smelling crotch, with little of no concern for the older
woman's presence. She viewed Claudia as if she had been some form of lower
animal.

The sweat and crotch smells of the days confinement, radiated from the now
totally exposed female crotch.

As the girl continued to masturbate the strong odor of sex emanated toward the
nostrils of the subservient female.

Oh how Piggie wished the girl would rub her totally denuded, and tagged crotch
.. in fact her need became so great, she put her right hand at the apex of her
denuded sex but just then .. as she started to masturbate herself ..

"AHAHA! You nasty whore you are here for me, and later in the night, my friends,
not for your own pleasure. Let's insure you that and remember your place in
things .. shall we? OK? Place both of your hands on the floor with the palms up!
.. Good now scoot forward and till you can put your knees in your palms .. Now
.. There .. That should remind you that an old naked whore like you is here to
serve, not play with herself. Now kneel up there and BEGIN!"

Bent over, with her body weight now concentrated in the palms of her hands,
serving as a reminder to her, Claudia knew she was here to serve. Piggie felt
soo helpless, as the odor from the girls sex increased, and she herself was
denied. She kept her head down and gazed intently at Jeanie's kitchen floor tile
pattern .. wishing for the farmer to get there ..

"OH! Don't pretend. You know that your mouth is just watering for a taste of my
nice clean pussy. .. Scoot over closer .. keeping those nasty hands under your
knees or I'll take a whip to ya .. Get yourself just a whiff .. of this nice
young girl pussy. You know you love it!"

Although it was the last thing in the world, she wished, Piggie did as she was
ordered. The crouched over movement, served to position the masked face's nose
almost in the other females smelly sex opening.

Constance lazily, with a big smile on her face, spread her legs wider and then
draped them over the bent back of the older woman. Then with both hands she
guided the woman's head to the sloppy junction of girl's crotch and demanded,

"Get to work .. you old whore .. you did such a good job last time that I am
letting you do me again. I think we are going have lots and lots of pussys for
that face of yours, this weekend and if you are really, really good the girls
and I will let you demonstrate, your great cock sucking skills on the boys ..
I've invited. After all from what they say, that is you're major accomplishment
to them."

The pressure of her bodies weight on her spread open palms, along with the girls
legs over her hunched back kept her from straightening up.

In her current predicament Claudia felt soo used. True she had accepted that she
was a pig, but she was the farmer's pig .. not this young skank's, But in this
position she could only think of one thing to do .. So she started kissing her
way down the open, dripping, crack before her face.

When she got to the girls perineum, she started back up, intending on again
capturing the little love button, as she had done before, and finishing off the
girl sex for the night .. she hopped.

But a firm hand stopped her upward movement, and held her with her puckered
mouth about at the girl's vagina.

"The boys told me of your sucking abilities .. You demonstrated that before ,
but how about a lot of tongue action they rave about, in my hole this time. I
mean how can I recommend you, to my girl friends, without a test 'drive' of that
tongue so to speak .. OK? Well get to it whore .. what am I paying you fo ..
Well I guess I'm not paying you .. am I? Get to it anyway .."

Disgusted with this girl .. her sex and everything .. but Piggie remembered, he 
wanted her here to open the back door.

So she extended her precious tongue and for the first time in her life entered
deep into another woman's vagina mouth with her own oral organ. She expected
something bitter .. something terrible .. befitting the girls sour disposition. 

But it really wasn't that bad. It was a little more concentrated, than her own
secretions. These she had sucked form his fingers only the other day .. but well
although she hated doing this for this girl .. It wasn't nauseating .. If only
it was little Beth. Sweet voung virginal Beth .. not this young obvious whore ..

The young smooth pussy skin, with the lightly wispy brown hair, began to gyrate
like it was possessed!

All because she had stuck her tongue in the girl's hole. It must have struck a
nerve somewhere inside the girl's .. sex ..

Piggie didn't really care! All she wanted was to get this over with so she could
straighten her aching back and get her weight off her poor palms.

She extended her tongue again, this time hopping against hope, that she would
make the girl convulse, until she had a heart attack and died.

The girl was affected .. She did a little dance with her ass till she seemed to
pass out.

Piggie scrunched back from her 'working' area and straightened her aching back a
little and waited.

The girl's regular breathing, told Claudia that the girl had just fainted. She
could take pride in the knowledge that she had the girls number. Then she
started to wondering if she herself would respond similarly to the girl's tongue 
in own her cunt .. She had done it .. and it was her first time .. but she was
mad at the girl's treatment of her so she made a mental note to punish the whore
when she got the chance to make her do Piggie's cunt. Then she would see if she
herself could attain similar orgasms.

After a short while the girl awoke and began

"Whew that is one great tongue, you got there, you old whore. I wonder what it
would do .. if .. well we don't have enough time for that, now, but the week end
is still young .. maybe next time I get your attention .. but lets get you all
painted up for the girls .. OK? Cone on into the down stairs bathroom. I've got
some ideas on .. well let's just see .."

The young girl slid her legs down, off Claudia's sweating back, and stood up.
Then she bent down and grabbed Piggie's left nipple with her right hand.

"This makes such a convenient handle for a whore .. doesn't it?"

Not waiting for an answer Constance lead / pulled her servant down the short
hall and into the bathroom and she didn't even care that she was naked herself
from the waist down.

There Conatance had set up a variety of female decorating things. Among these 
was a large tube of bright RED lipstick, and a bottle of the same shade of nail
polish.

After seating the masked woman on the open toilet seat Constance began to spread
the red lipstick thickly over the lips sticking out beneath the mask. When she
was done with the lower half of Piggie's face she lowered the colorful stuff and
applied it to the woman's rather large nipples.

"There, that is soo much better! Isn't it?" she asked of her servant for the
night.

Piggie just endured all the girls insults and let her then capture the 
unresisting left foot. Constance then proceeded to paint all the toenails bright
red. After that, the right foot, follower its predecessor.

Next the girl did Claudia's finger nails with the same stuff. When she was
satisfied and the nails were dry, she ordered,

"Now for the final touch I want you to pee .. so hurry up!"

This was too much. To be ordered around like a child was one thing she wouldn't
do .. but the power of suggestion being what it is .. Piggie found herself
needing to pee .. so she complied with the girl's wishes, reluctantly.

Her bladder emptied, Claudia was now forced to stand up and spread her legged
for five minutes. This assure the girl the woman's crotch crack was dry enough
.. Then the girl bent forward and proceeded to use the red lipstick, liberally,
to coat Piggie's inner lips .. To insure the color was permanent the girl coated
the whole area .. three times. Then as the product was a quick drying, and non
smear, it would probably be there for the whole of the evening, and maybe even
on into tomorrow.

Piggie now felt like some kind of prize stock animal! This must be how you get a
pig ready for showing at the local 4H. The pig though would feel better. The
regular pig though would probably have to submit to less preparation, then she
had.

After the girl was satisfied the coating was applied thick enough, and dry, she
began,

"Now it is your duty, first thing tonight, to answer the door .. when my guests
arrive .. You just take their coats and thing then put them into the hall
closet. After that in general, make your self useful. Sort of like a maid .. a
naked whore, maid. Then later .. Well we'll play it by ear. OK?"

Piggie was then positioned beside the front door, to await the young girl's
sleep over guests,  while Constance went upstairs into her own bedroom. There
she wanted to dress, in her new, for the occasion, shear baby doll type nightie.

The garment showed everything that normally should be covered, and exposed the
female bits that normal women would cover in company situations.

Constance's father's money put her, she thought, so far above the norm that she
liked to flaunt her young sexy body all the time.

Ding Dong

The door bell chimed, indicating that the first of the guests had arrived.

Piggie hesitated .. She was naked. She didn't know any of these girls .. She
should run away ..

Ding Dong

That bell again.

From the upstairs balcony came the demand,

"Damn you, you lazy whore. Do what I told you to .. Now!"

While the girl was occupied upstairs, Claudia had slipped back into the kitchen
and assured herself that the backdoor was open.

Oh how she hopped the farmer would not let her down. This young witch was
insufferable, and no doubt would make Piggie's life hell wheather or not she did
what was required of her tonight.

"Ding don't!"

Just them the front door bell rang out again.

Piggie's insides turned to mush, buy then she heard from her new mistress

"Quit playing with your self! Go great my guests. They have been told you are
'Cunt', so for tonight you will answer to that .. OK? Now answer the damn door!"

Piggie hated the idea of answering the door like this  .. but after all she,
with her mask, would be animus .. and he had told her to be here so she looked
out the peep hole and saw a young short chubby girl all by herself. She was
attired as expected in her pajamas.

Oh how Piggie longed for a her old pair of nice warm flannel pajamas but pigs
don't wear pagamas.

She hesitated .. but then straightened her back bone and flung open the door to
admit the young girl.

It was a contest, seeing who was more embarrassed .. Piggie with her painted
nudity, or the young girl in her shock, at the sight of a nude woman answering
her girl friend's door.

Fearing exposure by a passing car, Piggie offered,

"Come on in! Your at the right place"

The flabbergasted girl wandered inside, affording Claudia the opportunity to
close the door before being seen by a passing vehicle. Just then from the
landing above then came,

"Jean? OH how nice of you to come! You're the first one .. Don't bother making
chit chat with the old whore. Her name .. as I told you, at school is 'cunt' and
she will be 'serving' us this weekend. But right now come on up here .. of if
you want the whore to do .. you stay down there. 'Cunt' has a very talented
tongue .. I've tried it and it is soo. "

The young girl who had only stood there against the hall wall, keeping as far
away form 'cunt' as possible .. but when she heard the naked woman was a lesbian
and would do her .. and she was in her pajamas. Smiling at the girls obvious
discomfort, at 'cunt would do her' or she could go up stairs, the fat girl shot
up the stairs as fast as her fat little legs could carry her.

Jean looked like she was going to be sick. At other sleep overs, she had told
dirty jokes, made 'somors' and .. none in her experience, had a naked woman
threatening to 'do her!!'

Just then the 'Ding Dong' of the front door bell announced another of the guests
had arrived.

Emboldened by the first girls scared reaction, at her nudity Piggie did not even
look out the peep hole. She opened the door, standing right inside the hall
waiting, hopping her nudity, would frighten, the any of the other young female
guests that might be there.

This time it was a pair of girls, and this pair was experienced obviously, and
not frightened of her at all. True they gawked at first, but then a wide eyed
grinned covered their faces. Then the most adventurous of the pair reached out
to sample the naked charms Claudia had been forced to provide.

"Well Connie said, she had an old whore, to wait on us, this weekend and when we
got here, we were to help our selves! To the facilities .. You are a 'facility
aren't ya?" said the cute red head whose small right hand was all the time busy
exploring and then tugging on Piggie's labia tag.

"Kinky isn't she?" the red head asked the other girl as she tugged the affixed
tag.

"Oh Gretta you are such a bitch. Besides you shouldn't put your hand down there
.. you don't know where its been. Or what's been in it! Old whores like her
might have .. "

"AWWA don't be such a scardie cat. Besides look what I've found here Eddie."

"Goodness she is tagged just like our dog." Eddie blushed.

"Yea her owner is some farm. Says here .. " the bent over red head said.

"But it might be dirty .. Keep your face away from there. I told you it might be 
.. "

"EUCK!! She's gushing on my hand worse than you, whenever you see Roger's cute
little dick. This old whore must have a thing for young girls. Don't you, you
old perverted bitch."

Claudia just stood there speechless, as the red head went about twisting her
cunt ring and the other one, kept trying to caution her friend that their might
be .. something in the denuded sex that might bit.

The situation, although embarrassing, turned on Piggie's cunt flow. She
contioned to watering her own thighs and the young girl's tugging hand.

At the sensing of the gushing flow, the red headed youngster released the tag
and commenced wiping her damp palm and fingers on Claudia's defenseless belly
and right tit.

"Where is Connie, bitch?" the girl demanded.

"Upstairs!" Piggie managed.

Slap

"That's 'Upstairs madam! You bitch." The girl demanded after slapping Piggies
face.

Satisfied with the hand print on her cheek, the two new party guests ascended
the stairs and disappeared into the bedroom, leaving Claudia alone, naked, with
nothing to do but await further insults to her person.

Then from the balcony Connie cried out,

"That's all the girls .. the boys be over here later. They like to hang out in
the bar. Go into the drawing room, and make us some drinks. The scotch is in the
liquor cabinet. Make some .. Well I like my scotch over ice. But don't you drink
any .. I hate it when the help drinks .."

Piggie heard the titter of the girls in the upstairs room.

Then in her shocking outfit Contance turned and went back inside her room to her
guests.

Piggie went into the kitchen, ostensibly to get some ice for the girls drinks,
but really to check for the farmer's arrival.

Out side the kitchen door she saw .. the farmer and about a dozen of her
previous 'good old boy' lovers from her first nights at the farm.

&lt;He did come!&gt; Piggie was elated.

Quickly and quietly, Claudia ushered the men in, knelt before, and informer her
owner of the things going on in the house, and the fact that their were four
girls upstairs dressed only in skimpy pajamas.


Continued




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The men, with a minim of talking and noise, enter the house of the
unsuspecting bitch, Constance, and went about getting out a variety of
things to be used shortly for subduing the new candidates for the
farmer's new farm animals.

One of the men, a former telephone line man, located the junction box,
where the exterior phone line entered the house, and disconnected the
home's local land line phone. Another of the good old boys, plugged into
the available home power supply, and  fired up an broadcast oscillator,
effectively blocking out reception form any and all cell phones in a 1000
yard radius of the home, temporarily.

With the home thus isolated from, any of the normal communication
devices, the good old boys went about setting up portable dog holding
cages, to be used after capturing, for the  transportation the new novice
animals.

Suddenly they heard,

"CUNT where the hell is my drink!"

It was the young bitch Constance crying out from her open bedroom
door.

Smiling the farmer forced a big red rubber ball into Piggie's wide open,
unresisting mouth. Next he lead her willingly, to the first of the small
portable dog cages set up on the kitchen floor. Piggie crawled inside
readily, glad to be in his possession again.

(Piggie although glad to be in the farmer's  capable hands, wonder what
fate the girls and their haughty ways would incur ... FUCK UM!)

The out cry, from the sleep over group grew, with each minute of
Piggie's unforced absence and silence.

Finally in desperation, Connie dispatched one of the last arrivals, to find
'cunt' and the much  desired drink, and in general to see what was the
matter.

When the young girl, Eddie, entered the kitchen, her eyes grew wide at
the sight of soo many good old bays, dressed in farm overalls. In her
surprised state, she was easily subdued, when a large grizzled old boy,
of about 300 pounds grabbed her by her small bony shoulders. Then
seemingly from thin air he produced one of the largest knives their was.
He spun her around and grabbed her from behind. As she made ready 
with a loud cry for help.

With the sound,

"SSSSS!"

and the large shiny blade flashing up under the small girl's quivering
chin, stifling any action on her part, guaranteeing her temporary silence. The
smiling farmer stepped in front of the now terrified girl, and began to casually
slide the buttons from their holes in her sensibly approiate pajama top the girl
had worm to the little get together.

The shocked wide open eyes, of the little girl, remained frozen as he pulled
down and remover her top entirely, exposing her quivering young breasts. Without
delay he lowered his hands and began to undo the fastenings of her pj bottoms.
(I don't care how scared they are, the loss of their cunt covering, causes
raised anxiety.) Despite her fear of the knife, little Eddie opened her mouth
and drew deep breadth to scream for ...

The man holding the knife at her throat, easily covered her mouth gapping mouth,
completely with his other ham sized hand and whispered in her tiny right ear.

"Give us any trouble, girlie and I'll slit your little chicken neck. Now
just calm down and you will still be alive later. If not you will only be
remembered as a hard to remove, blood stain, on this nice shiny kitchen floor."

The girl just about shit in her falling pj bottoms, but she dare not interfere
with the man removal of her bottoms. Through teary eyes, she watched a large red
ball, approaching her tightly clenched lips. She'd keep her lips clenched and
thus avoid this dirty thing in her precious mouth .. she thought.

A sharp tug to her unsuspecting left nipple by an unseen hand, caused the terror
strickened girl to open her mouth, ostensibly, to cry out at the sudden pain and
indignity, but that really facilitated the balls insertion.

With practiced ease, the farmer easily seated the large thick rubber ball
behind the girl's front teeth. This guaranteed the girls almost total
silence through the capture of her fellow sleep over members.

Its use no longer needed, the large knife was reholstered and then the man
aided, in using plastic cable ties, to secure the girls hands behind her
back.

She had a tight little body, as they almost all seem to have, at that age.
Silently
the rest of boys appraised her over all, visually, as the good old boy with the
knife fingered all her girlie bits, and in general overall appearance, and feel,
the boys  rated her 'A KEEPER".

Then the subdued, now naked girl was forced to bent over, and without any
trouble, stuffed into an empty waiting dog cage, right beside the naked waiting
Piggie.

After all these times, Piggie was experienced, in being held naked inside a
cramped cage like this. To her it only meant, she was being held like this so as
to be  available for some future fucking .. later at the farmer's convenience.
So as her hands were not fettered behind her, to pass the time, she was able to
slip her right hand index finger in between her labia and
masturbate her swollen clit to her heart's content. 

Now that their were two less, vacant cages to hold the party goers in their
journey to the farm, one of the boys moved to the side, gripped the cage's
handle, and begun heaving the two occupied cages, one at a time, into the back
of a pick up truck in the driveway. Both were immediately covered with a black
plastic tarp.

In a short professional manner the old boys, silently gathered up the rest of the
girls, stripped them, caged them, and after draining a few brews and a couple
stiff dicks, the boys packed their 'booty' away, and casually drove the pick up
and a couple of vans off to the farm with five naked human females.

(What a weekend this is going to be!)

Once there Piggie in a bottom cage, had her tarp casually removed. She was
visually right out there, showing one and all, she didn't have anything to do
with the snatch of the four other girls. She too was naked, caged and
transported with the rest of the group to the barn. Who would question her?

As each cage was taken from the truck, it was placed in a hay filled stall,
and the naked females, left there in the dark to stew, while the boys finished
up their first batch of the beer, and began cooking some steaks on a large
outdoor grill.

The alcohol and the steaks consumed, in the wee hours the, drunken rabble burst
into the dark barn, intent on but one thing .. PUSSY!!

They threw on the bright overhead lights and dragged, seemingly, at random, one
of the naked cowering girls (Connie) from her cage and strung her up from an
overhead crane. The entire group had a fun time fingering any and all parts of
the delicate female anatomy. The rest of the girls cowered in their cages,
waiting to be rescue by their boy friends .. and hopping to not be next to
receive the attention Connie was getting.

A tangle of red leather tac was casually affixed to the naked party giver. It
secured her head held up and her hands in pockets over her cute naked butt. That
done she was lead out side the barn, without saying one word to the rest of the
girls.

Next Piggie was uncaged and dragged outside.

In the breaking cold damp dawn, Piggie saw her nemesis, Constance, had been
collared with a horse collar, and attired in her red leather tac, was making
endless circles in an animal exercise yard, like those used
for training of horses. One of the boys with a training whip was 'instructing'
her in keeping her pussy showing along with raising her knees to her chest at
every step.

She was being forcibly being lead by her tightly spring clutched clamps, biting
into her tender nipples. The clamps had been joined in a 'y' joint with a
stout chain which was in turn hooked up to the rotating overhead member of the
exerciser.

The haughty young girl had lost some of her haughtiness as she was forced to
plod endlessly in circles or else have her precious 'nips' torn away.

Piggie in her safe warm sty looked out feeling so secure, even though every once
in a while, one of the revolting 'good old boys' would stop by ahd give her a
dick to suck of a sound cunt or ass fucking.

All things considered Claudia felt she was by Saturday afternoon having a
wonderful weekend.

Then the piece de resistance for her .. Her lover Bruno arrived in a large black
pick up truck with another of the good old boys.

The huge beast was in the front seat with his head stuck outside in the
wind. Not limited by human courting rituals, when he saw Piggie, he
ran right over to her sty, jumped the fence, lifted his leg and peed copious
amounts of urin onto Piggie's defenseless left ass cheek.

(Dogs do that to establish their territory. The odor and the liquid dripping
down her back virtually guaranteed Bruno exclusive rights to Claudia and her
charms for the rest of the weekend.)

For the boys drunken going's on, their was not really a sacristy of fine fucking
pussy available. For these the slumber party participants, had there'se pressed
into
Service. They were reluctantly at first to served this vital purpose ... but
soon ..

(It is wonderful what a thorough fucking, with a thick condom covered dummy,
liberally coated with hot pepper will do to a reluctant young fuck bunny. In no
time at all all the young pussys were dropping and spreading for the boys, after
being liberally flushed out with water, by early morning of that saturday.)

The less than enthaustic fuckers were exercised in the hot sun till the men
decided they were tan enough to try fucking again. While the next reluctant girl
fuck began, with her recent work out fresh in her mind, the previous penitent,
just lay in the shade, nice as you please, and pumped all comers to beat the
band with no further reservations or comments.

Oh and their were points given for participation, after the firt few fucks.

Example .. any of the girls that just lay there after her exercise and gave it
away like it was gold, soon found herself back doing endless circles in the hot sun,
and then seemingly at random got fucked again, but this time it was ass fucking
she found herself enjoying.

This caused many a fuck bunnies to get with the program. After a few more fucks
and exercises all the sleep over females learned she was only to willingly
rapped her lags around her usually smelly bearded male dick provider, and fucked
back  .. vigorously. When she did this she was
rewarded with sips of cold water and more dickings in her cunt. Dumb cunts were
retrained as many times as it took.

Those female cunts, that paid attention and began to kagel squeeze their fucker,
might get whole glasses of leminade and a cot, in the shade to practice her new
art form on.

(Fucking with a three hundred pound, grunting, sweaty,  good old boy in the rock
strewn ground, for a young thin soft girl, is hard pleasant!)

By eqrly afternoon of Saturday all the sleep over 'guests' had graduated from
the human fucking to the vigorously dick sucking the farmers young horse.

(The young stallion being experienced with previous female farm visitors,
relished each new set of female lips that graced his huge piss smelling dick
helmit. The shy ones 'Thunder', for that was his name, just
pissed all over their faces. The good suckers were rewarded with a nice mouth
full of thick horsie cum.)

The good old boys, took turns acting as cinematographer,  assuring their was
enough footaage of all of the girls to cut into one long video feature for each
one.

The final production, would show one long wild orgy, set up by Constance, and
participated in by each and every one of the sleep over participants.

Claudia spent her Saturday just leisurely wallowing in her own sty, with her
best lover ever, Bruno.

After the third beer run, and numerous food runs, with the darkness of the
second night and drunkness,
obscuring the playing field, we find each girl chained over a stump, at the four
cardinal compass pints.

The guys settled down to playing cards with all the normal boisterous maleness.
As an extra added incentive the winner got to spin a needle,
for compass direction, to his next piece of pussy. That is if he could get it up
.. none of the boys admitted to impotence but one did call on the services of
Bruno .. seriptiously.

Piggie was not happy to have her lover used for another  cunt, but as she was
just a PIG, no one paid her any attention.

The card game broke up in the wee hours of the morning when the boys passed out
where ever they were.

The sleep over girls were just so happy to be rid of the constant poundings of
various parts of their anatomy's that they slept bent over the hard stump on
their bellies without complaint.

That is all but Constance. She, for some curious reason, had been affixed belly
down over a stump, like the rest but her stump Was close by an ant hill.

The copious spendings, captured inside her various cunt holes, and there abouts,
were oozing down slowly, forming a trail for the little cridders to follow back
to the mother load.

Long about an hour after her final fucking, Constance started screaming,
something, about 'something crawling in and around and biting her, in her
privates' of so she was bellowing.

As the men were comatose, the crys wet unheeded. As time
wore on the poor girl rised a hell of a recus, so much so that one of the good
old boys woke up and staggered over with a lantern and observed ..

"Lordie gal1 You're drawing then critters with your cunt. Only's time I see'd um
swarm like that was to something dead ..  Must be something dead in there .. "

"DO SOMETHING! ANYTHING .. I BEG OF YOU." Constance cried.

After pondering the situation for a while, while Constance continued to wail,
the good old boy to alleviate her discomfort decided to act.

Well, you see, he didn't want to get any of them nasty little ants on him.

(They can be visious, when they find meat.)

So he stepped back .. unzipped his overalls, took aim and let lose with a steady
stream of pure beer piss down on them cretters.

Constance at first was elated that the man was somehow washing away the pesky
biting things from in, around, and inside the 'privates'. But then the smell of
the flowing stream as it flowed over her back and dripped down off
her tits, alerted her to the fact ..

THE BASTARD WAS PISSING ON, IN, AND AROUND HER PRECIOUS CUNT."

She was flabbergasted.

"AAAAAA!" she cried. "Pleas ..."

Then she thought about it. She was immediately presented with a dilemma. Which
was worse? To be slowly devoured by a swarm of vicious biting ants of be peed on
by this large shaggy male brute.

Her dilema was solved shortly as the good old boy ran out of piss.

Pronouncing the crisis, over, he again staggered to the open cooler for more
ammunition.

Constance could do nothing to the man or the ants so she lowered her head, and
began sobbing herself into a troubled sleep.

As th bright hot sun rose on that Sunday morning, Constance because she was ass
up facing east, awoken to the normally welcomed drying effect.

Today though, the drying of the mans urination on her stuck up ass, gave
Constance a feeling of hopelessness.

Her self worth, all ways her most paramount feature was now lower than it had
ever been. She had been stripped, fucked, beaten, and in generally made to feel
like some kind or farm animal. She could see she and her so called friends were
not the high and mighty queens of the may
pole. They now had been reduced to vying to serve whatever maypole might give
them for its not their own pleasure .. and they did it now with alacrity.

She had felt total revulsion at the horse's huge nasty member. But after some
more exercise in the hot sun, on the exercise wheel, she gladly lent her
precious mouth to pleasing the filthy beast sex organ.

Toward evening Sunday night the farmer scheduled some mare races.

Dresses in tack like little upright ponys, with their tits sticking right out
there, the girls were hitched to carts bearing one fat good old boy each. The
four school girls were informed that the winner of the race
could go home .. the rest .. well they could all ways trian on the farmer's wily
old boar.

They had been introduced to the huge monster and informed he had crushed and
eaten his last two attempting lovers.

No body wanted to become the boar's lover, so the race would be a spirited one.

To make the race more .. 'dick hardenting' .. that's interesting to you betters,
the farmer shod each of
the girls in 6 inch high heal shoes.


(You know the fuck me kind!)

These young girls, being usually shod in flats and tennis shoes, could hardly
stand in the high heels but their just is something of about seeing a young
naked girl
standing or hobbling in the posture dictated by heels.

To add urgency to all the girls steps, a quart of warm sopy water was pumped
into their bowels and secured there with a large butt plug.

Of cource all the preparations along with the race and after math were video
taped to be edited into the
epic of the girls sleep over adventure.

Each contestant was lead to the scratch line be nipple clamps. On the
line each pare of nipple clamps were secured to an overhead fixture.

Under the watchful camera's eye the 'jockeys' each came out of the carts and
made wild vigorously shaking motions with the swollen bellies of the contestants
thus adding extra inducements as to what would happen if their own
mare didn't win.

The men reboarded the carts, and made ready to race.

When the starters ready whistle sounded, they 'jockeys' policed up the lines
leading to the clamped directing nipples, threw them over the sweating
shoulders, and assumed their comfortable position in the cart.

At the start whistle, each rider whipped his pullers heinie with a thin ratan
cane rod across the fine white flesh leaving a deep welt.

This of course, caused the standing mares to rear up and take off in a wobbling
lurching start. The handicaps of the bowel full of soapy water, high heals, and
the knowledge they were being recorded every inch of the way guaranteed a lot of 
anxiety for these young potential social lights.

Piggie, forewarned of the race, had arranged herself facing the track, so her
raised head could view the spectacle as Bruno fucked her cunt for the umpteenth
time today. It was hard for her to cheer for one the nasty girls over an other
while meeting Bruno's forceful thrusts, so she settled for animal like grunts.
Seems like she is doing that more often these days. 

Though there were many exciting moments, the race ended in a tie as Connie and
Eddie had managed to stay on their feet, and crossed the finish line at almost
the same time. They did have a few stripes on their cute butts but that was to
be expected.

As the loser, the two girls were forced crawl behind the winners, and remove the
winner's butt plug .. with their teeth. Naturally they then had to endure the
brown mist emminating from the winner's hind quarter.

As a consilation prize, the losers were made to stand docilely while the
winner's were required to remove the losers butt plug, but the winners 
could use their hands for the task.

The constant fucking for two days had broken all the girls to docile
willing sex slaves.

Now in the last day of the three day weekend the specialization began.


Continued ..




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First thing Monday morning, each of the sleep over guests, including
Piggiee, was lead to, and forced to walk through a 12 foot long troth
with about 4 feet of a medicinal smelling thick white liquid. About mid
way along her journey, the girl was forced to squat down, so that only
her head, above her chin, projected above the vile smelling liquid in the
troth. She was halted there for a full minute, then, allowed to continue
her journey on the path now to the outside.

When the girl finally waddled out of the slippery slopped end of the
troth, her cute, almost womanly body, had a thick white coating all
over, even the insides of the ass cheeks. The coating rapidly dried to a
thick paste like consistency. When she was totally outside the troth, the
men forced her to walk, around the out side of the barn. After a few
complete circuits of the barn, the stuff had done its work.

At a signal from the farmer, the good old boys began to hustle the
ghostly white female bodies over to an improvised animal like, wash
rack. There with medium pressure hoses the men began to wash off the
paste. As it was thick and 'set', this took some time.

When the water drenching wash down was completely accomplished,
the naked girls suddenly found themselves totally devoid of any and all
body hair where ever the thick white liquid had been.

(The depilatory expunged all hair that it covered. Under arms, legs and
most importantly PUSSY and all crotch hair had vanished and would
be gone for a month or more.

Piggie although surprised at thoroughness of the stuff, did not feel any
great loss. She had been required to shave her cunt and other places for
him, since her first visit to the farm. The young girls though felt the loss
most, as they had just developed this badge, of grown up femanity. They
felt this loss of this hair deeply, and were devastated.

How could they continue in school, to shower with the other girls like
this and not be singled out as freaks? Or sexual perverts? Or ..

Suddenly all the young girls felt TOTALLY NAKED, and would for as
long as the farmer made then 'bathe' in this horrible depilatory.

Not giving then time to think about their appearance, the girls were lead
to an outdoor stage set, where Piggie was required to sit, in a very large plush
victorian type chair, center stage. She was required to spread her legs open
exposing, by keeping both her knees, up, and over the chair's highly raised
arms. From the front of the set, the camera could easily view Claudia's inner
pink pussy lips as she balanced on the edge of the chair's cushion's leading
edge.

One by one the totally hair less girls, were forced to approach Piggie, form
stage right and inquire, reading from the large card provided to prompt them,

"Mistress, I can see you have such a beautiful pussy .. May I please service it.
I'd be ever so grateful and do such a good job .. I know you will be happy with
the homage of my tongue and my lips."

Of course a few video cameras were there to record, from various angles, the
sight and the sounds of the script, and also the subsequent girl to womanly
pussy actions.

The girls would of rather have had their tongues pulled out by the roots, but
after a little hot pepper dildo application to her cunt the first girl ...
naturally Connie .. was guhunching her former servant vigorously to numerous
cums while the other girls and men watched and commented on her performance.

As their were no time limits Connie did the 'scene' about our times .. till she
got it right.

With each one of the naked young women finished with her 'scene', the little
scene became easier, and easier for the next participant to do.

(Misery loves company! .. so to speak.)

After probably their first formal bout, with lesbianism, the heaving silent
girls were forced to whiteness and wait on the side lines till all the others
had done 'their bit'.

After the last novice dyke, had performed her 'act' with the older cunt, they
were paired up, and told there were now to '69' each other till the boys grew
tired of watching them. The girls of course resisted, but when the a couple of
the boys walked around and swatted the soft white flesh of one or the other of
the girls, with fly swatters, they though were not participating vigorously
enough the girls got with the program.

Soon their were muted cries, of girl to girl pleasure. The video shows that they
were having 'fun' despite the protests.

Next close up inspections showed very little deep penetrating tongue
kissing of the opposite girls genitals. Again the fly swatters 'encouraged' the
girls. Then the camera close-ups, showed more intimate contact inside the
various placesand more shuttering cums resulted.

Next on the agenda was the placement of the tags. Piggie was spared this, this
time, as her tag was permanently attached.

Each girl got her tag of owner ship on her left labia and was cautioned:
1) Never try to take it off .. or else .. and
2) Expect frequent inspection.

The next video set featured a monologue where each girl detailing her
magnificent experiences here at the farm, over this long weekend and her
happiness at being allowed to be a whore for the farmer.

After that, they all smillingly, signed model releases, for any and all their
recorded images to be used by the farmer. The smiling naked group was lead out
to the red pick-up truck, and were again caged, loaded on the pick-up truck's
bed, and after being covered over with a tarp, taken back to Connie's house.

The long time of enforced nudity and the other various activities kept
the girls quiet during their trip.

When the tarp was removed in Connie's front yard, none of the girls
thought to hide her nudity. They just crawled out of their cages, slid off
the pick-up trucks bed and made for Connie's front door.

It was locked and when the group turned around they saw one of the
good old boys videoing them.

They could do nothing to hide. It was all right out there .. so the smiled
and waved for thee camera as the farmer directed. The farmer then came over and
unlocked the door, and after tit and cunt squeezing each one, he bid the girls
adieu.

Next he lead the naked Piggie to her own front door and let her in there.

Claudia was 'dog' tired, and went straight to bed and slept for 12 hours.

When her husband arrived home form the golf course, he found her naked, curled
up in their marital bed.

As he had not had any in weeks .. and she was there .. naked and waiting .. he
thought .. he tore off his golf duds, and entered the bed intent on ..

Claudia did not even register his presence.

He rolled her over and satisfied himself in seconds.

Smiling he went to the shower and cleansed himself thinking he had really
produced a lot of cum for an old man of his age, little realizing the cum
flowing from Claudia's hole was not his .. but Bruno's.

When Claudia did awake, that Tuesday, she showered, and went to work with a
tremendous ache in her cunt and ass, but she had fond memories of her sleep over
weekend with Bruno.

Her only bad memory, of the weekends adventure, was when she asked for her
lover, BRUNO, to come stay with her at her home, she was refused.

As for the four girls three (Joan, Gretta, and Eddia) were missing in school
that Thursday after noon.

The boys patronizing the 'farmers market' got the surprise of their young
lives. In the curtained off stys in place of the usually older cock suckers they
found three much younger female suckers.

No longer would their stiff dicks, be at the mercys or whims of their girl
friends ..  at least three of their class mate girls were there, naked,
kneeling, and willingly sucking their little hearts out. (For a reasonable
price.)

This could set back school dating many years, if the boys libidos did not
have to answer to the whims of little girl's vanity.


Connie did not see her friends in school on Thursday afternoon. She
wondered where they had gone without her, but as she got to her car in
the parking lot, a bright red pick-up truck screeched up beside her.

She shuttered when she saw the farmer smugly setting in the driver's
seat motioning for her to come over.

She dare not disobey. Her cunt and ass hole were still sore from all the
weekends usage. When she got to the passenger's side window, the
man ordered,

"Get in!"

"But I .. I ha .. "

"Don't make me come out there and drag your ass in here .."

With great reluctance she climbed into the vehicle.

SCREECH!!

The truck took off out of the lot, as the man demanded,

"Put your nice clothes in the bag .. Don't make me tear um up and
scratch the merchandise all up."

Constance after her experiences over this last long weekend knew the
farmer meant every word he said.

She drew down her tight jeans and panties in one swift motion, and then
covering her denuded crotch with her left hand unbuttoned her frillie
silken blouse. Lowering her blouse to cover her crotch she unsnapped
her bra and freed her tiny breasts.

Now she sat there with her nipples covered by her right hand and arm.
Her crotch she carefully covered with her blouse and left hand.

He peered over and showed her an 8 x 10 glossy close up of herself with
the gigantic black and white spotted horse cock spewing cum into the
smiling face.

"Play that shy virgin shit with me .. bitch and I'll have this image on every
bulletin board in school, with copies to your parents, the local animal rights
groups .. and numerous others .. Now sit up straight and put those rage into the
paper bag on the floor."

Shaking at the sight of her self obviously sucking off a horse's cock, she did
as he demanded.

"Just put that shit on the floor. We are going to your new job. You are going to
work at a beauty salon."

"But I don't have to work1 My dadd.."

"You aren't doing it for money. Prostitutes do it for the Money. You are not
a prostitute.  YOU ARE A WHORE! MY WHORE! You'll do it because I say so ..
understand me?"

Her fear intensified when the truck stopped and he ordered,

"Get out!" 

They were in one of the seeder parts of town and it was day light and a semi 
residential street.

"BEEE ..." she began when he reached over, flung open the door and pushed her
out of the seat.

She wound up buck naked with her tiny ass, uncomfortably resting on the broken
concrete side walk.

"You sit there for long, and you will draw all the big black disks in this
part of town in about a minute .. or you can go inside and start your new
job. Who knows maybe you will like the it."

He ordered with a hand gesture toward a beauty salon window behind
her.

As she got up crouching trying to cover her girlie bits, she turned to see
the sign in the dingy window ..

'"DAFNEYS FINE HAIR EMPORIUM'

"You are working there .. now .. and your late. Ms Dafney might take into
her head to tan that soft white ass for you for that. If I get good reports
about you, I might come back and get you after quitting time. If you let me
down .. Well you don't even want to think about that."

SCREECH!

The truck roared off leaving her still there with no other choice than to get
into the business, as quick as possible. Already some of the local children
playing at the end of the block were all ready running toward the naked white
girl setting on the curb.

Ringggg

The bell on the door announced the arrival of the potential new working
Girl in Daftney's.

A large three hundred pound coal black female, working on an equally corpulent
matron in a barbers chair looked down her granny glasses and inquired,

"What cha'll want here whitie?"

She didn't seemed particularly surprised to see the naked little white girl
standing there, cowering in her bent over crotch, trying to hide her nipples and
cunt form all.

"Um he .. um .. " Connie stammered trying to think of some way to enlist help
form this large black woman in her current plight.

"OH now I get's it! IS ya'll the new employee, the man said he gonna send me?"

The woman offered with an amused look on her face.

The farmer had said something about a job! As he left Connie. She was here and
surely didn't want to go back out into the street, so she answered,

"Um .. well um .. I .."

"Don't stand there all hunched over like a ninny. Stand's up there so's I
can see's ya 'sets." Demanded the black woman demanded.

With no other choice Connie stood up and still covering her female bits with her
hands and offered.

"UH he sai.."

"Child ho's I gonna see if you'se gona work out here if'n you keep you're shits
hiding behind them little old hands?"

The smiling woman demanded. (Busting inside trying to hide the tremendous
amusement inside her.)

"Put them hands down an stant's up straight there .. Don't they learn you'll
nothing bout posture .. in them fancy schools you'll go to?"

Constance had to do as ordered she knew. She dropped her hands and stood up
straight and stood still so that the old black woman could get a look at her.

"Kind uh puny .. ain't she Cora .. What ya'll think uh her, for working
in the back stall?"

The caramel colored woman, seated in the chair, who had been silent up
until now reached from under the sheet and came up with a pair of thick horn
rimmed glasses and perused over the naked white girl like she was observing
some creature form a different planet, then offered,

"Kinda puny! No tits. Have her turn round so we can see the ass."

"You heard the customer .. turn around and stay that way till Cora here
be satisfied." `the first woman demanded.

When she turned around to show the women her ass .. she found out she was being
observed by a group of about ten children. The were laughing and the boys were
making obscene gestures. Immediately she raised her hands to cover herself, but
she heard ..

"Don't you be paying then 'chrillen no mind. They .. most of um .. anyway ain't
never seen no white gal afore. Spread them bony legs so they get's the full
effect there and here .. " the first woman demanded.

Dying a little inside, Connie did as ordered and just stood there waiting
some other order.

"Look kind o delicate. Ask me .. Probably break easy .. have her bend over and
spread her self, so we's can judge her talent .. ' the seated woman demanded.

Knowing the command had to be done Connie bent forward, reached back, and spread
her ass cheeks with both hands.

As her tiny tits swayed the crowd of children had increased and were making poor
Connie so nervous that she had to shut her eyes.

Suddenly a flash of light penetrated her eye lids. She flew up straight and
whirled around to be blinded by twin flashes from both the black women taking
pictures of her, in all her nakedness. But when she tried to raise her hands,

"Keep them hands down we got's to show him you'se behaving ... smile .. a
willing employee .. now don't we? Or you want's me to call um and he cone down
and ... "

Constance did not want that! So she stood there in the cramped little 'beauty
salon' and let the two black women record her natural assets with their common
cameras.

"Now you'se fill out this here form. My lawyer tells me I got's to have record
of all my employee's."

With a broken dull pencil Connie filled in all the normal information but when
she tried to hand the thing back to the owner, Ms Dafney, refused it saying,

"Fill in, on the top line, where it say job put, 'pussy sucker'."

This was too much Connie threw down the scrap of paper and turned to flee from
the shop .. Then she remembered .. she was naked .. the crowd outside had grown
to many young people and they would be only to happy to get their numerous black
hands on her lily white body.

"You pick that up!" the owner demanded.

Conscious of the consequences of not doing what the black woman ordered, the
cowering naked girl, retrieved the form from her. Then the young white girl,
using the broken pencil wrote, in big bold letters ..

'PUSSY SUCKER"

on the top line of the form, centered on the page.

Then the owner of the solon, Ms Daftney, whisked the scrap of paper from her
trembling hands and again looked over it. Her lips moves as she read .. or tried
to .. the information about Conatance recorded there. Periodically she looked up
with a quizzical frown, as if she did not believe it. When she was done, Ms
Daftney shifted her little old grey head down and peering over the granna
glasses demanded,

"This here your correct address? Don't ya all be a lying to .. "

"Y.."

"If 'n you work out, really work out .. I might's just wanna be a send round
some of my fine customers for special attention. You better be there and treat
um right! OR .. "

Connie shuttered. She could just see one of Ms Daftney's customers coming up to
her front door, demanding to have their pussy's sucked by their daughter. Her
father would SHIT. And her mother .. well .. she would just DIE!!

"This phone you'rne? Might's just wanna .. "

"Yes mam .." she answered with a squeaked.

"Well put down your parents names too. Never know when I gots' to have um .. for
.. Well put down .. the home phone number too. If we bee having cell phone
trouble .. "

Reluctantly the naked potential employee standing before the black salon owner
filled in the additional info she had been directed to write.

"Cora I got's a 'pointment in a few minutes .. How's bout you take my new 'PUSSY
SUCKER', back to stall 2 and try her out. See if yo'll think her technique be
ceptble .. to my clientele .. "

The other woman, mostly quiet till now, smiled, stood up, and waddled over to
the cowering naked white girl.

Constance shrak back from the short round ball of fat that approached her, but
she was held in her place by the wall at her back.

Then the clothed woman stuk out and down, a withered bony old black hand and
without warning grabbed Connie's defenseless a hold of a totally hairless left
cunt lip, and twisted it, to insure firm hold. The captive face contorted and
her lips quivered with new intense pain.

"Child's cunt lip be so soft and look just like, .. like it be made of lard.
You'll sure she wont break none if .. ?" the woman inquired rhetorically as her
pinching fingers dragged the young girl back, by her left labia, to the door
marked with a symbol for ladies room.

"Now! Now Cora you'll play nice! Remember 'PUSSY SUCKERS' GOOD UN'S don't come
along every day .. member though this ain't her first time, she never been with
us'n. So go gentle .. but firm .. When that no count ung un of mine come in, I
sends her to help out. She likes playing with some queer white pussy."

NO ONE!! Not friend or enemy .. NO ONE! Had ever grabbed Constance by her pussy
lips. Then to make maters more embarrassing, the woman proceeded to drag / lead
the naked sobbing girl into the ladies room by her stretched sex lip.

The events of this after noon so far assured Constance was in total shock .. and
not just a little pain.

(The old woman had her by .. well you could say the short hairs .. but remember
Connie's cunt was now depilatedly bald.)

The young novice was so stunned by the previous development, that she let
herself be lead by her labia into the ladies room, without a struggle. Inside
the ladies, their were, she could see two 'stalls'.

(One of them, had the standard toilette etc. you would expect, but the second
one, had only one high thickly cushioned stool, with wide spread arms.

Cora remarked,

"Tha un's you're office. You do your business with the customers in there."

She indicated the second stall, and began dragging the reluctant new employee
inside, again by her now sore labia. When they were both inside Cora shut the
door and rammed home the lock.

Smiling Cora let go of the poor now smarting labia, and stomped on over past the
frozen naked white girl, to the stool. She lifted her billowing skirt, up to her
fat waist, turned around to face Connie, thus exposing a nasty tangle of kinky
black pubic hair, assumed the cushioned seat, spread her thick legs, wide as the
stool arms allowed, .. and demanded, Cora never wore panties. They just got in
her way if n she had to pee of fuck ..

"You'se lucky I just washed it .. Naa I'se funning .. ya .. It be just like when
my old boy friend Leroy fucked it, OH .. last week .. or was it week afo ..  OH
I forget's .. but ya never mind yo juat suck it .. "

Seeing the distaste and horror on the young girl's face, the smiling older woman
demanded,

"Well .. Get's that fat ass on over here, get on them boney white knees and do
your job .. queer gal .. lest wise .. I calls to Daftney and she beat the
bejesus out your sickly white ass."

She couldn't ..

SHE WOULDN'T! They couldn't make her .. her daddy was ..

"OH Daftney the pussy sucker .. isn't!"

The comfortably seated older woman cryed out from her comfortable perch, a
topped the stool,

Their was a crash and then a shuffling from the store front. Then the outer,
followed by the inner door, to stall number two burst opened. Ms. Daftney with
blood in her eyes, stood framed in the doorway with a thick leather studded
belt, clutched like a sword over head.

The woman proprietor didn't ask questions .. she just started slashing. Not
caring where ever, she hit, on the naked white gal's body.

"St ... OOOO .. Pl ... OWWW .. I .. UUU .. " was all Connie could managed as the
first of many swipes seemed to land every where upon her smarting skin at once.

When Daftney stopped .. having run out of her first wind ..

A sobbing .. hurting knew she had to .. Connie managed ..

"OK! OK! I'll .. "

"Don't ya never talk back to me! Now get that puny mouth, to that there fine
pussy, and be a sucking it ... NOW!" the shop owner demanded.

Casting a weary eye over her bruised shoulder, a hurting Constance .. hastily
crawled over, knelt before the putrid smelling black pussy, and started to act
like it was her greatest treat ever,

"Get to sucking that .. " spat from the shop owner from behind her.

Fearing another stroke of that horrible belt, Connie stuck out her tongue and
with it, attempted to part the thick forest of kinky smelly black pubic hair
blocking her way, to the old slightly bluish pubic flesh, that were under there
somewhere.

Slapp

Another stripe of liquid fire roared across Connie's already welted lily white
ass cheeks, but the two withered brown hands entwined in her hair, kept the
girls face tight up against the hair shrouded cunt she had to be working on.

"I got's a customer out there! Don't you be making me have to come back here
again. You get to sucking that cunt or next time I be a whopping that little
white ass right off ya. Here Cora you keep the belt .. encourage her all she be
a needing .. OK?"

Ms Daftney offered as she turned and exited the second stall in her back room.

"Ya a heard her. Gal you' best be a getting to working on that nice fine pussy
there or I can 'encourage' ya .. all I wants ta. Ya hear .. "

Constance heard from somewhere above the tangle of cheep multicolored cloth and
smelly belly fat. She knew that somewhere up there that belt was there ..
waiting .. and she knew when it struck .. it burned like fire .. she still felt
the blows, she had just gotten all over her naked body, and wanted NO MORE!

She put all thoughts as to how degrading the service, she was performing was ..
She just had one goal .. She concentrated on getting through the tangle of
smelly hair to that pussy flesh and .. and in a little while she found the slick
purple flesh .. She shifted about till she found the clit. In what seemed like
hours later she had slicked back the forest of hair, licked the huge fat labias
aside, and sucked the tiny little clit, up between her lips countless times. The
diabolical old woman though, just sat there and shuttered through, countless
cums. For her customer, Connie kept at it, above the pile of cloth, all seemed
normal .. yea right!

Finally exhausted by the seemingly endless cums, finally an exhausted Cora let
her skirt fall down, threatening to suffocate poor Connie under the folds of
thick cloth.

Then the sated Cora just sat there on the stool. Resting. The pussy sucker knelt
there, her face in the fat old woman's cunt with a wet chin.

Then after a while, it seemed like hours, Cora rose and staggered out of stall
number 2, without a word to the 'pussy sucker', carrying the leather belt.

Once beyond the door she slammed it and locked Connie in her small dirty cramped
'work space'.

Finally at the outer door,

"Next time if I'se got's to pay .. you better do better 'n that." 

Cora mumbled as she went out and slammed the ladies room door.

Constance was too tired, disgusted, and hurt too much to try to rise up, or
object. She was just glad that it was over .. She stayed right where she was, on
her aching knees and just lay her tired head in the smelly, recently vacated
stool cushion and hoped to die .. right now .. swiftly .. She wished she had
never seen those cock sucker pictures of her next door neighbor. She wished that
she had ne ..

 she thought as she crouched there in her misery.

BANG!

The outer door to the ladies opened, followed by the door to her stall. A young
black girl, dressed in street colors, sauntered in and demanded,

"My moma sent me in here to keep you up for your duties."

Constance wearily looked up but did not even try to rise. Then she saw the
younger girl had that damn belt and was all ready swing it at her naked helpless
body.

SPLATTT

The leather tip slashed Connie's unprotected right tit.

A thick red haze of pain seemed to envelope her total being. The belt cut her
soo deep that Constance could not even scream. She slipped from her precarious
position against the stool, slumping to the floor. There she tried to curl up
into a ball to evade further hurt.

When she returned to consciousness the black girl in her multi colored clothes
was standing over her screaming something, with her right arm raised,
positioning the studded belt for yet another go at the soft white naked female
body, that was Constance.

Constiance's ears finally detected,

"Get yo bony white ass up and get this work place ready for yu next 'ustomer"

Under threat of yet another hit form the belt Constance rose warily and tried to
make her voice work to express the fact that she would do what ever was required
to save her self from another beating.

SWAPP

It was to late for that. Her left ass cheek burst into pain.

"Clean up this mess! And be quick bout it!" the girl demanded.

Connie saw and grabbed a dust mop. She started to mop up the hole floor with
little effect, but she was trying to show she was willing to do anything.

Just then the outer door of the ladies opened and an old extremely fat lady
ambled in. She made straight for the stall with the two young girls in it.

"Why hello Rebecca! Your moma didn't tell me the new cunt sucker was in. It
ain't occupied be it?" the older woman exclaimed.

"Oh no. Mrs. Crawford she's not. I'm just here to splane her duties, but that
can wait." Then to Connie, Rebecca ordered, "Whore, this here be a customer .. a
real good customer waiting! Get on your knees and you better do Mrs Crawford
better than you done the last one."

Silently as she did not want to be beaten again, Connie vowed to make this the
best cunt sucking, she had ever done, as she sunk to her knees and waited for
the old woman to get herself into position.

The old woman scrunched by the younger pair and turned around with the cushioned
stood at her back. Then she just stood there .. waiting ..

SLAPPP

Again the strap found, this time Connie's smooth white back.

"Don't just sit, there, help Mrs. Crawford with her skirt .. and be sure to take
off her panties with your teeth. She like that." Rebecca demanded.

Not wanting another taste of that studded belt Connie bent over and raised up
the old woman's skirt up over her fat belly. Then, when the woman's panties came
into view, she quickly leaned in and bit the thick elastic holding the garment
up .. gently and began to tug them down. The old woman's panties were industrial
strength cotton material. But overall her crotch smelled relatively clean ..

Without pause the cunt sucker managed to pull down the old woman's last vestige
of female garments and at her knees, let them fall to the floor.

The old woman, freed of the cloth restraint, spread her knees wide and sat down
on the stool. She shifter about, till her ass was comfortable, and her gaping
hair shrouded lips were at the cushion's edge. Satisfied with her perch she 
then waited ..

The old woman's crotch smell of talcum power, and that aged flesh smell old
women have. It emanating form the woman's aged old cunt and gave Constance
pause, as to weather she should put her face ..

SPLATT

Again Rebecca wielded the belt demanding,

"Queer pussy you'd best be getting to doing Mrs. Crawford a for this here belt
come into contact with your white little ass! AGAIN!"

Her objections were overcome. The pain of the studded belt on her delicate now
welted ass cheeks made Connie dive right into the old crack.

This time using her hands the 'cunt lapper' managed to find the shriveled old
remains of the woman's love button and concentrated on it before another visit
from the belt.

"My .. My UM UM UM" the old woman shuttered, through what must have been a
fondly remembered pleasure. Then ..

"AAAAA! "

Connie in an attempt to pleasure the woman began flicking the slab of OLD flesh,
that was the woman's clit. Well the poor old woman went over the edge .. She
visited into realms, she hadn't been to in years .. if ever ..

Constance felt a huge out poring of fluid from the old woman's vagina.

You could tell this, as the old weary woman had tears in her eyes, and more
flowing down her wrinkled cheeks.

FLASH

Rebecca had leaned in and managed to snap a picture of Connie's white face and
sweating soaked hair sandwitched between the wrinkled old lady's dark skinned
thighs.

"Mrs. Crawford .. mama says to tell ya, she'll have some personalized items to
remind ya of your moments with this here queer gal's face in the morning .. if
you want any .. only one dollar each and for an extra 50 cent the bitch will
autograph um real personal like."

Mrs. Crawford looked down longingly and said,

"Dear you're the best 'pussy sucker' Daftney's place had in years! I'll make it
a point to come back here and use your face, when I come each week to have my
hair done. You can count on me! Ya hear!"

Constance was horrified at the woman's innocent compliment. She wasn't queer!
She didn't want to be here. If it wasn't for that studded belt .. or the farmer
.. or ..

OH GOD!

Then Mrs. Crawford reached into her hand bag and with a withered old hand gave
Connie two crumpled up bills saying,

"This is just for you! Deary."

"Don't just sit there! You lazy bitck! Help Mrs C. up with her panties ..
Honestly these dumb queers." Rebecca demanded.

With her tip still clutched in her sweaty right hand, the reluctant dyke pulled
the old cotton garment up the woman's brown legs till they cover completely the
just pleasured crotch.

When the old woman, stood and  ambled out the outer door, Rebecca leaned over
and took the bills out of the stunned white girls hand.

"Don't want to ruin your motivation. I'll just keep these, for a new shiny snake
skin belt .. for your ass .. OK?"

Connie was not happy with the black girl's taking of her 'tip' but then .. she
didn't really want it either .. but to use it for a thin flexible snake skin
belt, that could peal the skin off her ass soo easy .. was .. well .. motivation
indeed ..

Then and there distasteful as it was .. Constance knew she had to be queer
bitch, for the rest of the afternoon to save her ass flesh. Maybe tomorrow she
could get her father to send her to .. somewhere .. anywhere .. to get away form
this horrid demeaning, job the farmer had sentenced her to. But for the rest of
the after noon, and into the early evening, Connie, the queer 'pussy sucker'
behaved like the naked queer bitch, all the customers expected her to be.

When ever a woman came into the stall, Connie knelt up, smiling. Said, "here let
me help you", as she lifted the woman's skirt, or undid and lowered her slacks,
with her soft white hands. Then she dragged down the woman's panties .. if their
were panties .. said, "Oh you have such a lovely pussy!" and then using her own
delicate fingers, parted the woman's pubic hair for easier access to her sex,
and began the procures of pleasuring the customer pubis with her face.

She worked steadily, no matter how degraded she felt, and gave as much of her
tongue or lips, as the female recipient could stand.

She reflected after wards that the flavor of each woman was slightly different
.. but she was careful to show no diastase over the putrid ones.

When she had the customer woman shuttering through her cums, Constance knew that
the customer was satisfied. Then again she held up her head, and smiled for what
she knew was the inevitable photo op by Rachael's camera.

At the end of the working day Ms Daftney came into her 'office' and ordered,

"Get that skinny white ass of yours up and mop up the mess."

Then the woman left the stall leaving the door open. Constance dust mopped up
and stood there waiting.

The owner returned and ordered,

"What chu waiting for .. get out of there. Its quitting time, but your rides not
here. So you gonna have ta wait .. some where's else .. outside. I close up the
shop and be locking the door. He be here soon. And you better be here earlier
tomorrow .. Got's lot's of appointments for that queer mouth. Ya hear me!"

With that the naked white girl was kicked out of the beauty parlor, and forced
to wait for her ride home on the side walk in the twilight, as she had arrived.

NAKED!!

It wasn't really cold, but Connie being naked assumed the fetal like crotch most
waiting naked women do .. with her hands she attempting to cover her exposed
girlie bits, and her bent over posture attempting to making her gleaming white
body as small an object as possible.

She was alone on the street and had the time to reflect on her 'work'.

In her mind their was nothing more disgusting than a queer girl doing what she
had done this afternoon .. but she had done it .. and she had survived .. and
the woman expected her back ..

What seemed like hours passed before she heard, and then saw the red pick-up
that was her ride home.

She was sure it was him.

But when it stopped, about 50 yards away, she rushed toward it. When she reached
it she grabbed the door handle.

It was locked.

Inside he smiled and ordered,

"A whore like you doesn't stand there..  like that .. Stand up straight .. Get
those hands down .. Spread your legs .. Whores are all ways looking for it! 
They can all ways take on business. How are you going to earn your keep looking
like you're a scared little pussy?"

Her brain was experiencing a total melt down. The haughty old Constance persona
was shattered. She had done a shift as a lesbian queer .. not because she wanted
to but because he wanted her to. She knew she now belonged to him .. totally.
Just like her neighbor Claudia. She knew whenever he showed up she would do or
say whatever he wanted ..

So she stood there under the street light .. totally naked except for his tag
hanging from her cunt lip, and totally untouched by anyone or any thing
experienced the best earth shattering cum of her young life. 

The end  ???




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Seeing the new apprentice 'cunt sucker' standing there naked, on the old cracked
sidewalk, spreading her legs, at his command and then .. And then obviously,
cuming right there, for him .. with no contact with anything .. Just his
commands. 

The farmer, smiled .. For he knew, he had another animal, a fine young animal
for his own enrichment, to do with as he wished.

This type of 'farm product', although not in any farming menu, was much more
lucrative than of the traditional things people think of as coming from a farm.

Yes! He would, keep this haughty little bitch working at Daftney's Salon, for a
while. The after school job, just to keep her in the right frame of mind for
whatever else he wanted her to do.

He could just imagine the revenue from all the pictures of her angelic little
white face, sticking up between those black, brown etc. wrinkly thighs, as she
went about working her little tongue. The fact that she was doing it all for him
was .. well really dick hardening, and the fact she at first hared it. Then ??

And the other three girls (Joan, Eddie, and Gretta) had worked out nicely at the
market Thursday. They had, had a tendency, at first, to go all shy and
sensitive, like, when one of their current class mates or boy friends came in
for a suck off. But he found in the past that as with Constance, the strap to
their cute little asses or tits, and time, would cure all those feelings.

Then too, as the word of mouth advertising, spread the relationships, would do
nothing but increase the young girls customer base, and the repeat business
would add to the bottom line in the very near future. So it would make the girls
priors in their normal social circles, they were working girls now. His working
whores and social things of their previous lives, were not for them .. anymore.

What did he care for their current feelings. Those feelings all made for better
more motivated workers .. didn't it?

He had all ready informed Daftney that he would be rotating the other three
girls into the job of 'pussy sucker' at her salon, in the future, to sort of
spread out the work load, and provide a greater variety of pictures for sale.

It would give um all, a good general all round education .. keep um from burning
out soon, on just cock sucking, or just cunt sucking.

When he let the girl, Constance in the truck, she just sat there, on the seat ..
all glassed eyed .. hands in her lap .. She didn't even ask for her clothes.

(A good sign! in his training of whores. She accepted, her place as his naked
animal .. whenever in his presence or while working.)

As he did not want her to take up sitting around, with her hands in her lap, he
ordered her to kneel on the truck cab flood. Then strictly for amusement, he
motioned with his head ..

The naked girl did not hesitate, she reached over, unzip his jeans, and went
'fishing' to retrieve his stiffening organ. Then when she had it, in her tiny
hand, she leaned in, ovaled her pouty girl lips, and commenced holding his organ
in her mouth throughout their journey to her home. Occasionally she would let
her tiny pink tongue feel, for, and tease the prick's piss slit and then she
would wipe off the precumal fluid oozing form the organ.

She was soo contented, to just be there, to just kneel and hold his penis in her
mouth, feeling all warm and protected, that after a while she snoozed off.

She looked soo natural with her mouth around his fleshy sword, it seemed a shame
to have to wake her, but it was a school night, so he did pull out his organ,
and awaken her. As she sought her hold on consciousness, he ordered her out of
the truck. When she alighted from the cab, she just stood there looking around.

Constance was not a quick riser.

He left her there, in her front yard with her things still in the paper bag
where he had put them earlier.

She was soo groggy, and contented, that she didn't even bother trying to put the
clothes in the bag on. She just opened her front door, walked inside, and
wearily climbed the stairs to her room.

This was much to the dismay of her mother, Jeanie, who had, as most mothers, had
waited up to see her daughter was safely in the house, before she herself went
to bed.

Seeing the state in which her precious offspring had arrived, the distrait woman
ran outside, to catch the boy that had brought her daughter home and left her
naked in the yard??

As she cleared her front door, she caught a glimpse of the red pick-up, which
had dropped off her offspring, going into the drive way of the house next door.

The obviously agitated woman put 2 and 2 together and came up with 6, as they
usually do.

In her outrage, and desire to confront the bastard that had abused her daughter,
she ran around the separating fence, and then up the drive way to accost the red
truck's driver.

She expected to confront a young boy.

The farmer was by now, standing at the front door of Claudia's house unlocking
it. But on hearing running feet on the concrete drive way, he hastily withdrew
his stun gun, from his vest, turned, and stopped the charging enraged woman,
like she in her fury was little more than a baby kitten.

(100,000 volts will do that to you every time!)

Just then Piggie on hearing her door open answered it. 

Shocked she greeted her owner as required, at her front door in her birthday
suit.

(He had actually gone to her house to pull another inspection his property.)

Seeing her owner, there, a naked Piggie sunk to the hallway floor and bowed her
head, hopping that he had brought Bruno, with him so she could get a proper
fucking tonight.

"Who is that bitch?" he inquired pointing to the inert woman now slumped on
Claudia's side lawn.

Piggie held on to the strong leg of the farmer leaned out the open door, and
peered around, at the pile of female clothes and flesh that was now laying in
her side yard.

Claudia recognized the inert body at once.

"The woman from next door .. Jeanie .. Constance's mother sir!" Piggie informed
him still hopping for a long session with her lover, Bruno.

Then detecting the farmer was alone, she tried to hide her own disappointment
that her canine lover was nowhere in evidence.

"Go get your wheelbarrow and bring it around to where she is." He ordered as he
went back to his truck cab.

Claudia did not hesitate. She rushed to her back yard and brought around the
desired thing around the house. When she arrived at the fallen woman's side, he
was bending over, at the womans side, having all ready stripped her of all her
clothing. He was now, calmly, examining and fondling Jeanie's big billowy tits.

Without a word to Piggie, he lifted Jeanie up off the grass, and deposited her
inert body into the wheel barrow, and ordered,

"Bring her into the garage."

Then he proceeded to flip open his cell phone.

When he got his party, he did not greet them, he just ordered,

"Next door .. the garage .. NOW!"

Then he closed the flip phone and retrieved his canvass bag and entered the
garage himself.

From the bag he withdrew some nylon cable ties, which he attached around each of
Jeanie's wrists and ankles.

Once that was done, he hoisted the still semi-conscious woman to a position
beside a roof support pole in the garage. Using another cable tie he secured
Jeanie's right wrist to the vertical pole. Then he knelt and did the same to her
right ankle.

He then, using a rope from the bag, secured the semi-conscious woman's left hand
and ankle to another support pole, leaving her now totally naked with her limbs 
spread out wide, displaying her all womanhood in all its glory. Next, form her
discarded clothing, he retrieved her day old soiled, smelly panties and stuffed
them deep into her now minimally resisting mouth.

Stepping around back of the captive he removed his belt and handed it to a wide
eyed Claudia.

"This bitch is wanting to make trouble. You will help me, show her, that her
puny efforts are futile. Just beat her soft white back and ass .. HARD! .. till
I tell you to stop .. Go on .. NOW!"

Piggie stood there shaking her head.

This was her next door neighbor.

She had all ways been a friend.

She couldn't ..  till he said,

"You don't want to do as I order, I'll get one of my boys? He'll have stronger
arms than you, and she will suffer a whole lot more. Then he or another of my
men will give you the same for being obstinant."

Claudia reluctantly took the belt and disregarding the wide eyed terror in her
neighbors eyes, swung the belt to a soft contact with the twitching, dogging
white ass hanging there in her garage.

Splat

"uuuu" the woman protested around the spit soaked panties, stuffed in her mouth.

SWIPPP

"AHAHAHAHAHha!!!"

The small terrible pussy whip, wheedled by the farmer  landed directly in
Claudia's denuded crotch. One of the strands even tangled with Piggie's tag
causing a horrible tearing action on her left labia as the farmer pulled it free
and calmly informed her as he readied another punishing stroke,

"For every time I find you're arm slacking off on her, this little pussy whip
'll sting your cunt .. Just like that! Now put your whole arm into the next
stroke .. YOU HEAR ME!"

Piggie HURT! The pain seemed to shoot up from her cunt right up to the top of
her head. One thing was certain. She did not want another stroke form that nasty
little thing into her crotch center.

This time she reared back, and delivered the next cut to Jeanie's totally
exposed back. REALLY HARD!!

SPLAT

The thick leather belt, this time, made good solid contact with the soft womanly
back flesh, leaving behind an angry red line on the formally showy white canvas.

The strung up woman attempted to scream her heart out, but all that came out
was,

"Umemememmmmm"

"Not too bad! But next time really lay into her. Put your back into it .. Think
of it as saving your own nice little cunt .. OK? It would be a shame to have to
punish it again .. wouldn't it?"

The pain from his pussy whip, still radiating through out her crotch and belly,
caused Claudia to really lay into the woman's defenseless snowy white back ..
again.

"SPLATTTT"

"Uummmmdmwsmm" spat out from the spit soaked panties.

"Now that's more like it. Keep that up, like that. What say we may make a
tic-tac-toe board. Make the next one verticle .. so as that big white ass
doesn't get left out .. OK?"

knock kock ..

"Don't stop what your doing. I'll get that." he told Piggie as he left her to
her task.

Splatt

"uumm"

He opened the door cautiously and saw his naked 'cunt sucker' there waiting for
him.

He stepped outside and unhesitantly blindfolded the naked girl with a sleeping
mask from his pocket. Then as she waited he informed her,

"An opportunity, has come up, and I thought of you and all your tongue
experience today."

Running his hands over the covered eye sockets, he tested the effectiveness of
the covering. Then satisfied
the young experienced pussy sucker could not see anything around her, he led her
into the garage, by the side door.
Then he spun her to disorient the girl, and then he guided her around to the
front of the poles to where the front of her naked mother was. Just then Piggie
who was standing there aghast, at a nod of his head, carried on her stroking the
woman's now deeply red lined back and ass.

At the front of her stretched out mother, he forced the girl down to kneel down.
Then before the seething naked crotch that a few years before, bore her he
forced her face into it.

A mother knows her daughter .. even naked .. even blindfolded .. and
irregardless of the pain she was in .. SHE KNEW!

The woman started to try to voice her horror, and move her crotch out of reach
of her daughter's face, but
Piggie at that very moment landed a good solid lash against both the woman's now
red lined ass cheeks.

SPLATTT

"Ummmmmm"

The woman stopped her dance of denial so that the soft smooth face of her
daughter could not do her sex.

From her previous work this afternoon, the now experience the pussy sucker
recognized a sweaty pulsating female crotch before her.

Unhesitantly she reached out, with both hands and grasped the fleshy petals of
the sweaty woman sex before her. After she had captured the squishy lips, with
the thumb and fore finger of each hand, she drew the woman's painfully seething
sex toward her mouth.

Unlike the working black women, she had been servicing this afternoon, this
crotch crack, while sweating, was
pampered and essentially clean. It probably had been, at least wiped with a
moisturized tissue shortly before now.

Connie wanting to explore this crotch .. stuck her tongue into the almost dry
vaginal hole and did not feel any revulsion on her own part at its delicate
flavor.

SPLATT

"ummmMMM"

True it did not have the RICH smell of sex some of her former customers had had.
She knew this hole had been
kept clean, douched maybe and the surrounding area well powered for a long time
.

The black women, mostly working women, had not the time and had lost the
inclination to keep their sex like this woman obviously did.

SPLATT

"Ummmm"

Again that sound and the woman drove her pubic bone into poor Constance's face
almost squashing her little pug nose flat.

Connie was dismayed, and wondered what caused the woman to climb up on her face
periodically but did not let go of her fingers grip on the labia in her fingers.

This time, because the woman was clean the pussy sucker resolved to try
something she had thought about all her working afternoon.

Constance stuck out her tongue, lifter the pussy lips up wwith her fingers, and
fluttered her delicate pink organ over the unseen brown grommet.

The woman seemed to go into convulsions. Her thighs clamped down on her
daughter's ears.

The farmer ordered,

"Do that again .. you've got her on the go .. see how many cumms your tongue can
bring her to .."

A river fluid flowed over Connie's nose as she complied with his order.

All her weariness at not beeing allowed to sleep vanished. This was exciting!
Connie knew she had this bitch and she resolved to bring her down with her
tongue.

As her tongue again found the seething ass grommet the girl stabbed at the
miniscule opening.

SPLATT

"Ummmm"

Combined with the blow of the belt, the stab of the tongue drove poor Jeanie to
heights of ecstasy that she had never known in her life.

She sought escape in unconsciousness.

He would not let Jeanie escape soo easily, so he held an ammonium capsule under
her nose and again motioned for
Piggie to continue with his belt.

Splattt

"Ummmm"

Connie unaware of the temporary unconsciousness of her mother had proceeded on
with her attempt to penetrate the woman's most personal hole.

Jeanie's consciousness rose to the world, like a drowning woman rising to the
water's surface and as she did, a new orgasm, like the first occurred.

Her chest filled with air, like the breadth of clean sweet air after a period of
long depravation in the depths of the sea.

SPLATT

"Ummm'

Jeanie's whole life was now centered on the face in her spasming crotch, ande
that TONGUE stabbing into her ass hole, and the driving force of the belt
against her back and ass.

The overwhelming need they generated as that persistent tongue, and belt caused
a scarcity of air to fill her lungs.  Again Jeanie, the good mother, the kind
neighbor, again exploded into orgasm! On her daughter's face.

"Ummmmm"

Shaking her sweat soaked head to let out the repressed feelings, the woman then
scrunched her desiring, itching crotch toward that heavenly tongue, that was
bewitching her, enchanting her very soul.

Splatt

"Ummm

Again the strap landed, added its pain / pleasure feelings to the overall
symphony of pain / pleasure that held Jeanie very soul in its grip.

Jeanie's wigglings managed to again get that tongue into contact with her most
personal grommet and then she noticed something rubbing her aching clit.

This time while Connie's stiff little pink organ penetrated the now pulsating
hole, began to use her little pug nose to rub her mother's fully extended sex
organ. Just the slimy thing's penetration sent the older woman over the edge
again, and into unconsciousness.

The farmer, satisfied at his 'scene', stayed Piggies hand, and forced the
accomplished pussy sucker's face deep inside the now slackened crack with his
right hand. With his left hand he untied the blind fold keeping Connie from
seeing her lezzie partner and dropped the strip of black cloth to the floor.

Jeanie's head was swimming as consciousness tried to come to the for, and her
blurred vision returned only slowly.

Gasping for breadth and glimpsing down at her now sated crotch, her weary head's
field of vision encompassed the small head of her pleasurer. She instantly fell
in love with the top of this head.

Again the tongue, still in her most private hole was swirling around, bringing
the pleasure crazed woman to yet another ecstasy induced faint .. but just as
consciousness lapsed her vision cleared and she saw .. staring up at her, her
daughter .. CONSTANCE!! Her little pink tongue fresh form her ass hole .. her
face with a knowing smile.

"MOTHER!" she cried.

The mother / daughter bond would never be .. of the same innocence and trust as
it was before.

How could they ever go back to anything considered normal when they had shared
this memory??

The recognition assured, he now wrenched the pussy sucker from her mother's cunt
and had her rest on her haunches considering the actions, she had been
performing.

For the longest time she had felt that the cunt, she was sucking, this time was
like all the other's she had done at Daftsney's, a little cleaner perhaps but ..
now she knew and could not escape .. She had preformed these lesbian actions on
her own MOTHER!!

SHE HAD BEEN TONGUEING HER OWN MOTHER'S CROTCH .. and she had gone further and
TONGUED HER MOTHER'S ASS HOLE! And  she and her mother had both LIKED IT!!!

What could their life be in the future??

The farmer, though had further plans for the pair. He seized Connie's hair and
bent her head back to look at his amused face,

"What's a little incest in a family like your's for a pussy sucker like you? And
a perverted bitch like her?"

Constance's little tummy rumbled and she herself had an orgasm, just thinking of
the events before. She knew who the cunt belonged to and it didn't bother her,
if anything it amused her.

If it was soo good then .. why was it wrong now?? Or in future .. How could her
mother ever deny her anything she asked if she just stuck out her tongue?


"Now mommy has a little journey to go on and I don't think its fair for your
daddy to wake up all alone in their big bed do you?" the farmer inquired.

Her mind still reeling form her previous realizations Connie could only shake
her head 'yes' or should it be 'no'.

"Good now come along with me, and we'll help the old man out .. OK?"

Again that shake 'yes'. And Connie arose under his guidance, and then the pair
ambled back to Jeanie's house.

He paused only to command Piggie

"STAY"

Outside the master bedroom, he instructed the  accomplished pussy sucker to
sneak in the room, crawl under the covers, form the bottom. There she was to
find Daddy's cock and suck it like she had his only a little while before in the
truck.

Reeling ih her current state of shock, Connie was running on automatic pilot.
She did as he ordered and quickly  found herself between her father's hairy,
fat, sweaty legs, sucking the cock that had sired her years ago. It seemed soo
natural to be there under the covers .. She could be content here if only mommy
hadn't sentenced her to her on little pink room down the hall. Smiling she
reached up with her tiny hand and fondled the hairy orbs that resided there
below her chin ..

She felt her father's massive belly stirring ..

Then she heard a gasping! Two soft hands took possession of her tiny head.

Fearing that they would dislodge her, she closed her teeth behind the dick head,
as one of the good old boys taught her last weekend.

"Jeannie yo .." Her father's voice began.

Constance sucked harder on the now angry red helmet and drew it deep almost into
her throat, and then she commenced rubbing both the squishy little egg shaped
things in the hairy bag .. around and around.

"OOO GOD!!" her father exclaimed as he shot off the pent-up spunk of weeks of
Jeanie's deneal of his advances.

Seeing he had what he wanted, the farmer, suddenly tore off the bed covers and
ran the bright camera's light into the previous void. It stabbed into the man's
crotch and its remora like sucker, holding on there.

The farmer was now filming the man's sperm shooting out of his obviously excited
organ, into the face and mouth or his own DAUGHTER!!

Try as he might the man, Frank, could not stop his thing from gushing forth a
fountain of creamy white man cream.

Instead of being disgusted, or distraught, or horrified, Constance had a look of
pure satisfaction on her angelic face. Why it was like the achievement of some
life long dream of her's.

(Secretly all daughters have a fantasy of doing their own father and she had
just DONE IT!)

The farmer held her sweating head down between her fathers crotch as he slipped
something metallic in her hand and ordered,

"Close one of the loops around his sack so it holds the balls captive down in
the bottom."

Curious as to what was going on Connie did as he ordered.

Before Frank could react the farmer had closed the other loop of the hand cuffs
through a short length of chain.

The farmer then looped the chain under the bed and around something sturdy down
there. A stout pad lock secured the chain in place.

Frank would be there, in that bed until the farmer came with his key to free
him, or he willingly pulled his own balls off.

The farmer stood up and informed Frank,

"Your going to call in sick today, and after that you will stay right here in
bed. But to show you I have a heart, as a consolation, for me borrowing your
wife, to help you pass the time, Constance will be your happy little fuck toy,
till I'm done with his Jeanie. I mean after all they are both women, they are
both related to you and their vagina's are probably the same size .. Very
similar cunts but this one has a much tighter set of grommet muscles .. Try um
you'll like um."

The farmer turned to go but was halted by the plea,

"Please where are you taking my wife?"

"Jeanie is a nosey parker, and she is going to see what happens to noisy
parker's when they interfere in my business."

"Connie you don't have to go to school today or to wear a thing. You just be
sure to milk your old mans cock every two hours. We wouldn't want him to be
unhappy would we?"

Constance knew that if she let the farmer down she'd be punished severely!

With the orders given the farmer turned and left the father / daughter to their
'love' making day to come.

Frank waited till the man was out of ear shot and tried to try to convince his
daughter to get him free. In this he had no luck. The girl was too buy feasting
on the first man cock she totally controlled.

Then Frank tried what he thought would be the clincher,

"Honny .. Baby .. Daddy has to go potty. Please let me up and I'll be ever so
grateful."

This one had her stumped for a while .. But she managed ..

Continued




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


                       The PIG 10

Leaving the naked father chained by his balls to the bed frame, in his
daughter's soft little hands, the farmer walked out of the house, back down the
street to Claudia's garage, where still hanging by her arms, was the broken
dispirited, mother, of the 'pussy sucker', Jeanie.

As malleable as she was now, he had no trouble unchaining her, stuffing her into
a transport cage and loading the thing onto the pick up truck bed. Once the cage
was covered by a security tarp, he drove it his farm and deposited the now naked
crying woman into a vacant sty in the barn. Next he secured her neck to a stout
fence pole and left her.

Jeanie was disgusted with her body. That it could derive such bestial pleasure
form another woman was horrible enough, but the fact that that woman was her own
daughter. Then too her had on her daughter's tender pink tongue, reviled on make
it far, far worse.

She knew she could never look her offspring in the eyes ever again without
worrying what her daughter thought of a mother who ...

Jeanie had to face the fact that she was an incestuist pervert. She didn't want
to be that, but SHE JUST WAS. If she was in the same room with her daughter now
she knew her child would revile her presence.

What could she do? Where could she go?

As she was mentally beating herself up, a large shaggy oaf of a man, staggered
over to and entered the sty where she was currently housed.

He grabbed her by the scruff of the neck turned her to face the fence, pushing
her head through the rails and fastened her there with a short length of rope.

Jeanie had never been naked this long in her life. She should be home .. Her
husband would be worried. She shouldn't be in this straw covered place. Their
could be bugs ..

She started to wondered what was going on behind her back when she felt some
fabric rubbing against her naked well whipped ass cheeks.

She attempted to turn to look over her shoulder but a strong hand forced her th
keep her face forward. Then she felt the bulbous head of a man tool rub up and
down her crotch crack.

"Wa.. you can .. " she tried to object but the stiff dick rubbing up and down
her crack having no ears. Then it just plowed straight on into her dry shrunken
vagina.

After all the pleasure she had had in her crack before this was pure torture.

Even Frank, her husband at his hornyest, had given her a little time to ..

"UUUU ... Lo .. OWWW .. " she tried to inform the bulbous dick's owner, he / it
was hurting her ..

They did not stop in only rammed all the harder .. till it attained its purchase
deep in her belly. She felt the squishy fleshy sack slap against the back of her
thigh and stop. It could go no further.

As it rested, her internal organs tried to position themselves to accommodate 
the invader, and she hoped for  ..

That thee dick now balls deep inside Jeanie's body had stopped .. for a moment
.. She wondered why? (Not for Jeanie's feelings, but to allow its owner to take
a swig of his bottle of 'shine.)

Once he had sipped the fine sipping whisky the good old boy tugged his dick head
back .. it almost came clean out of the female body.

Jeany's innards resisted the withdrawal of the fleshy sword it had so recently
accommodated. Why her fuck tube even bulged out to try to keep the man organ
within its depths.

As this was all happening inside her, Jeanie suffered the mixed emotions of 
weather to try to keep the man thing inside her, or let his 'thing' go.

As Jeanie considered her options, the decision was taken away from her as the
man organ barreled back inside her now tender orifice.

"UUUmMMMM" she muttered, as her internal glands began to secrete the lubricant
that facilitated, the things concerning insertion / withdrawal till the man was
satisfied.

When she had frustrated Frank enough he would do this to her .. but he all ways
went slowly, at first to allow her to get lubricated .. this brute thing wasn't
interested in her of her insides. It was in fact just jerking off and her hole
was a convenient orifice if she wasn't here he's find another hole.

The thing seemed to go slowly .. at first, sort of like Frank usually did ..
then speed up, again, as a prelude to the spewing of his cream approached.

Jeanie had never been fucked, from behind, like this by a total stranger before.
The boys before Frank had talked, cajoled, pleaded .. even begged some before
they had done this to her .. but always facing her .. where as this animal
wasn't interested in her or her feelings. He just wanted to get off .. and he
when did .. The monster just slumped over her sweating, sore, red lined back and
went to sleep, effectively pinning her there on her knees, with her head through
the fence.

Frank never did this to her .. and the copious amount of spunk the beast
deposited in her started its inexorable journey down her vaginal canal around
his softening dick, and began to dribble off his now relaxed balls to the straw
covered sty floor.

Jeanie could do nothing but kneel there awaiting his pleasure.

She now, in addition to being a child molester was as the dirty books called
them .. a 'fuck toy'.

Her belly tightened at the thought.

Involuntarily her sex tube gave the softening man organ a little squeeze.

The sleeping man's organ took this as a signal to try 'er again and stiffened,
thus awakening the animal with but one idea in his tiny brain.

His primeval brain inflamed itself and thus his gonads began trying to squeeze
out another load of man cream.

Nature took its course .. why even Jeanie's body got into the act, this time,
and she derived more pleasure than she had ever done before from a fuck.

Jeanie got an orgasm, a little one, from the nameless dick pounding it seemed
like forever in her spasming hole and them rapidly built to a second more
climatic one while the anomious male organ provider continued to try to get his
second nut of the hour.

Jeanie's mind was soo concentrating on her cunt that it didn't even register
when some one had forced a thick rubber dummy shaped nozzle into her gaping
mouth and began pump some nice thick horse cum into her oral cavity.

The smell added to the physical pounding combined to Jeanie's overall
excitement.

When the man spear, again spent itself in her belly, it was hastily withdrawn
this time ..

Jeanie's eyes started to focus on the rubbery tube in her mouth when as she
sensed the loss of her fucker but then .. a new stiffer wider organ penetrated
her all ready slick vagina and began its own pumping motion.

Her eyes closed again, as her innards commenced to try to squeeze cum from the
new man spear housed now in her belly .. and her facial lips, followed suit.

Orgasms rapidly followed, one another leaving Jeanie just one big wet pulsating
fuck / suck tube plugged at both ends.

A third man spear followed the second in her cunt and Jeanie didn't even notice
the change.

She was in heaven .. A sexual heavenly fog permeated every pore of her being.

Jeanie was soo insatiable that she wore out all the good old boys and so the
farmer, before he went off to drive Constance to her afternoon job had to call
for reinforcements.

-=-=======---=-=====----

Back at the homestead Constance was a busy little whore, doing everything she
had ever heard of, to her captive father and his man organ. No matter how much
he pleaded. She kept coming after her old man and his poor withered fuck stick.

When the he entered the house the farmer heard an incessant pleading whisper.

"p .. pp e lelonemfme .."

Upon entering the master bedroom he found his latest animal straddling her
fathers back, fucking the poor man's defenseless ass hole, with a cucumber.

As he thought she had got the old man off enough .. and he had to have her to
Daftsne's he grabbed the girls sweat soaked hair and threw her into the shower.

Using nothing but cold water he managed to get Connie almost presentable. Next
turned the small girl on her head and hosed out her smelly crotch for a good
five minutes. Satisfied he had her rinsed off he took her still wet into the
master bedroom and doused her with a hole bottle of her mother's perfume.

It would have to do. He ran her out to his truck and while she knelt on the
floor boards sucking his penis like mad, he took her to Daftney's.

Again he duped the naked sex crazed teen in the front of the salon, and without
even waiting for her to get inside left the area.

Once inside she was oblivious to Daftney's comment of,

"Chile you'se been road hard, and put up wet!"

Connie had staggered in the Salon's front door and smilingly with out comment,
went straight to the Lady's Room. There she took up her position, kneeling in
stall number 2, and waited for her first pussy to suck client.

She didn't have long to wait.

A large jet black woman with really large hands barged in and demanded,

"I's here for the pussy sucker. Be ya the one?"

Connie noticed the woman's throat had a large protruding adams apple.

&lt;This is curious.&gt; Connie thought as she raised the woman's tight gold
mini skirt to her slim waist with her tiny hands.

As she dragged down the 'woman's' frilly, lacy, panties .. a long
torpedo shaped black appendage almost put her eye out.

&lt;It was a PENIS!!&gt; Constance realized.

"What ya looking at. I got's the best of both worlds .. now you go bout
pleasing me .. ya hear."

The drag queen demanded.

Connie did not know what to do. She had had the run of one of these
things all morning, and now to be presented with this long thin one here
in a pussy palace .. Well she was sure it wouldn't kill her and so she
suctioned the thing in through her lips and tried to swallow it.

It want just to her throat and as she hadn't learned the 'art' of deep
throating, gagged.

She tried again .. and gagged again.

She went on and on like this till the furious customer grabbed the back of her
head and forced the slender head through her throat opening and into
her esophagus.

Connie's nose, experienced in contact with kinky pubic hair again met same, but
her throat found the piece of meat in it stifling. Then she realized that with
the hand holding the back of her head she could not withdraw her throat form
sheathing the dick.

Without a clear opening she could not breath.

Multi colored spots began dancing before her eyes, and she felt very,
very, week. As she was about to lose consciousness the hand left the
back of her head and pushed her forehead away form the queen's
muscular belly. The sweetest tasting air in the whole world filled her
starving lungs.

Gasping for that life giving gas even though, it had to pass by the long black
piece of gristle, was partially blocking her air way. All that didn't matter,
she was thankful for ever last life giving millimeter of it.

Bang!!

She heard the door to Lady's open, and then ..

Bang!!

The door to stall number 2 flew open, and Rebecca ambled in with her digital
camera before her eyes, a shiny new snake skinned, thin belt around her neck.

The flashing began immediately, and continued as the poor 'pussy sucker' worked
for the drag queen's cream, before her lack of oxygen, caused her to die. Only
the spunk emitting in her oral cavity, she knew would free her from this
horrible person.

"Come on gal work that wonderful thing .. Get in deeper you're throat .. It 
gonna give ya a wonderful reward. You treat um right." The outrageous drag queen
cajoled the girl as she/ he exposed to her, its huge sized 'DD' titties and
began to feel itself up while being sucked by the 'pussy sucker'.

Constance knew she had no choice. She knew Rebecca would just stand there,
taking pictured, as the drag queen strangled her to death with his long black
snake, like dick, if she didn't work hard to get the cream out of black organ.

Her throat, on its own, commenced to trying to swallow the long tube of ebony
flesh. The looong organ extended all the way from beyond her lips, through her
mouth, into her esophagus tube.

AND IT HURT!

Looking up the smiling face of her customer, in future this vision would be the
source of nightmares, for her for months and years to come. The feeling of the
foul tasting thing being withdrawn, scraping her gullet, along the way would,
leave her horse for at least a week.

All of a sudden, the still deeply burred piss slit spit out its vile discharge.
At least she didn't have to pass the spew over her tongue and taste it. On its
way to her stomach, the sticky mess damn near flowed into her lungs drowning her
but it didn't.

When the thing exited form her lips,

"Gasp! Caugh! Hack ..."

Some of the spew, of the disgusting, stuff the drag queen emitted, came back up
her throat. In a short, while she felt it, as it began to emerge out of her
little pug nose and flowed down over her still ovaled lips.

In order to keep her stomach from vomiting the noxious load back up, she kept
her eyes on the tremendous 'man made' tits sticking up, from this queen's chest.

"You'll don't know the good stuff."

The drag queen remarked, as he slowly withdrew his long black now softening
sword from the girls mouth.


"It be a 'acquired taste .. Next time it better be all down, or I'll beat then
tiny flesh bags o' your'n plumb flat. Ya hear me?"

"Now Leonard," Rebecca began, "You know .. "

"Its Lenora, Becca, and I'll pay 'xtra for the wear and tear if you mama says ..
but this bitch gonna get the beating of her young life .. she don't do for me!"

The drag queen stated as he / she rolled down his short gold skirt and pulled on
his panties, being careful to tuck his man organ back under his crotch to keep
his girlish appearance.

Then he closed over the thin white blouse corralling the massive titties under
the cloth screen. He / she raised the large right hand as if to swat the poor
pussy sucker across the head, but stopped in mid stroke, turned and as he was
leaving stall number 2, he promised,

"I'll be BACK!"

It then left stall 2, went to the Lady's mirror and began fixing the facial
featured to a greater approximation of a normal(?) woman before meeting the
every day world.

The next customer walked right by it thinking nothing of the creature painting
its face at the mirror.

A dejected Connie, felt lower than any time today. The fact that it would be
back for her 'services' worried her.

She felt almost elated, though, when a kindly looking elderly woman walked in
and approached her for servicing. 

This old woman was OLD!!! Her wrinkles had wrinkles. But after the drag queen,
any female wanting for her tongue was truly welcome.

"Why Mrs. Short, you sure you is in the right stall?" Rebecca inquired.

"Deary as my husband all ways said 'Just cause their's snow on the roof .. Don't
mean their ain't a fire in the fire place."

The older woman answered back. All the while the woman was studying her 'pussy
sucker' like she was some sort of nasty bug, crawling there, naked on the dirty
Lady's room floor.

Constance quickly crawled over to the old woman, raised her long black dress, 
above the bulging waist, and again inhaled the old womanly smell. Under the
yards of fabric was a tight wale bone corset ending at the woman's pubic bone.
There a pair of large, fake silk panties, stretched down under the garter belts
that held up the woman's black hose.

Connie grabbed the top of the panties, with her teeth as she had been
instructed, and dragged them down off the corset .. down to the bony wrinkled
skin of the knees.

When she released her teeth hold the filmy thing, letting it float down to the
floor and the woman sat back on the stool and spread her legs wide open
revealing a massive quantity of fleshy belly fat and a tangle of gray kinky
pubic hair.

It was bad! The pussy sucker regretted ever thinking that this one would be easy
as she stared at the tangled mess.

Splatt

Rebecc's belt swiped her still sore ass driving her face into the gross thing.

"Don't ya be dallying! Ma have lots of other customer for that sassy mouth of
yours so don't be gawking!"

Swapp

Driven to greater efforts by the belt, Constance tried to part the pussy lips
with her fingers, but the slimy lips resisted holding and slipped away from her.

Splatt

"Don't ya be playing around there!" Rebecca demanded.

Connie saw no other way to get this done, but to dive her face right in the
mess, and explore the dank crotch with her tongue .. If she got to something
below the hair .. she would be in business .. if not her ass would suffer.

"OH Dearie this here little naked white gal sure is egar for pussy .. Ain't
she?" Mrs. Short inquired.

"Yea all them white gals love a good black pussy .. if they can get it. Why she
come in here, yesterday, begged ma to give her a chance at the job .. She just
loves the taste of black skinned pussies." Rebecca informed the now shaking
customer.

Connie was horrified at what the old blue hared woman must think of her and her
kind but their was nothing she could do or say now to deter the woman's
opinions.

Here she was naked, kneeling in a black beauty parlor stall, servicing any and
all customers in the back room with her mouth .. for ..

"Well she does have a soft tongue .. and she knows the business end of a pussy
.. and the cost is cheep .. " Mrs. Short remarked shakily.

Just then the old woman shuttered and her vagina excreted a load of female
nectar.

"O! O! O! Now that un was a good un but ..."

"Stop you crazy bitch .. Mrs Short done have a week heart .. " Rebecca demanded.
"Ma don't want no trouble with no heart 'tack in her business."

The woman slumped down on her stool and her skin turned a ash gray like color.

Connie sat back on her haunches and waited for orders. She didn't want to be
beaten with the belt .. Then too she did not want the old lady to die on her ..
so she waited ..

She wasn't responsible! She had just licked the nasty old woman's cunt for her
.. She had to do it.

&lt;They made me do it.&gt; Constance thought.

Daftney came in and together with Rebecca they helped the old lady to the front
room where a paramedic from the local ambulance company recessitated the old
woman and took her to the hospital to be checked out.

For a long while no one bothered to come into stall number 2 where the worried
'pussy sucker' sat naked and waited.

Connie could just imagine the head lines in the news paper,

"LOCAL SCHOOL GIRL FOUND NAKED IN BLACK BEAUTY SOLON COHORTING WITH LOCAL OLD
WOMEN!"

She could never show her face again in school. Her school friends would be
horrified. And her teachers .. Forget the school, she would not even be able to
live in this town or maybe the state.

Bang the door to the ladies opened and Daftney entered the small stall number 2.
She had the slithery snake skinned belt, Rebecca had used to 'encourage' her
earlier.

"You 'most killed a customer .. You good for nothing .."

SPLAT (The belt found her little soft left tittie)

Constance had never been hit that hard .. and on a tit before. She doubled over
and the remainder of the blows landed on her back and unprotected legs.

Her consciousness fled but when she came around she hurt all over .. and Daftney
was there telling Rebecca that,

"Big Wanda was a coming for her sorry ass."

When she awoke again she was in the back seat of a large automobile driven by a
rotund black woman.

The ride was short. The woman got out, opened the back door of the car, reached
in, grabbed Connie by her pussy lips and then woman handled her out of the back
seat. Dragging the young girl by her pussy lips, across the seat, caused severe
lacerations to her right tit and hip as her body slid across the car's metallic
seat covers.

Once outside the car Constance found herself in a dirty alley between two
dilapidated buildings. The rotund woman whose strong right hand had a death grip
on her delicate pussy petals, kept up the pressure as she took the naked young
woman inside the only door on this side of the building.

The woman had not spoken a word to Connie throughout their time together. Once
inside the building this did not change. She just dragged the unresisting girl
up a flight of stairs and into small dank room still with her grip on the girls
crotch.

When the door to the small room on the second floor shut, the woman let go of
the death grip on the girl's pussy lips, and finally spoke to her,

"Well stand up straight 'KILLER' let's see what a pussy sucker killer looks
like!"

Constance involuntarily tried to bend over and sooth her now aching pussy
petals, but ..

SLAP!

Quick like the strike of a cobra, the woman's left hand arced to the girl's
right cheek, HARD!! 

"I done told ys to stand's up straight. I's hates to tell a pussy to do anything
TWICE!" she spit at the now cowering crying former pussy sucker.

"You is one of the puniest white cunt suckers I done ever seeded! Spread them
bony knees ... reach down there and spread those pitiful lips .. "

The massive woman again drove her huge right hand into the girl's cowering
crotch and again grabbed the slender labia with the fore finger and thumb and
gave it a slight twist.

"UUU"

Connie uttered, as reflexively, both of her hands tried to stop the woman from
tearing out the tender slip of flesh.

The woman didn't even bat an eye. She continued twisting the labia all the more.

"Get them paws down .. or I'll tear it right off your ugly cunt. Make ya a real
star with the sadists crowd. "

Her own hands were doing no good and the pain was increasing exponentially, so
Constance let go of the woman's massive right hand and could just stand there
letting her twist her petal at will.

"Now I done seen you doing them nasty things with them other ugly white girls ..
and them pictures of your doings old women's in Daftney's. I wasn't impressed
with your skills. You gonna do better for me .. a lot better .. "

The woman informed Connie as she relinquished her grip on the delicate petal.

The poor slip of flesh hung there HURTING! But she dare not try to sooth it for
fear the woman would do it again.

"Seems as how .. I got's an opening for an ugly white pussy eater like you ..
but you go'n need training. As this is what I does, you best pay attention .. ta
me .. Ya hear?"

Connie did not want to 'be trained' by this ugly brute of a woman .. but right
now she could do nothing but obey and hope the farmer would come for her before
big Wanda damaged her. Anything she had to do for him was better than this.

"OK! Now pay 'tension to my every word. I doesn't like to be handled by white
pussies but we got's to do it. So you better not make me have ta show you things
twice .. You hear me .. PUSSY?"

From the sour expression on her face, Connie knew another beating would result
from her silence so she squeaked,

"Y .. Y .. yes mam!"

The massive woman moved her bulk over to the couch and sat down, with her huge
ass stuck back into the couch's vertical structure, leaving the cowering naked
white girl standing in the middle of the dingy dirty room.

"Now the pussy you being trained for be a picky old whore, be a bull dyke and
loves to hurt young pussies like ya. So you better be doing her right. She have
complaints I take um out your hide! Now get over here and listen to me."

Wary of the massive black woman's powerful arms Connie warily took up a position
standing close to the woman's left side.

"Now the first thing a puny pussy .. like ya got's to learn is to undress a
'WOMAN'.. be nothing like stripping a slut like ya is. A 'WOMAN' like me
deserves your respect .. and fear .. and adoration. So bitch, ya reach out and
start to undress me!" came the order. "Well get's to it .. NOW!"

Warily Constance reached for the buttons on the woman's blouse and with shaking
fingers started to undo the first one.


SMACK!

Quick as a snake, the woman's right hand flew to the naked white girls left
cheek knocking the girl to the hard wood floor.

"WRONG! Ya don't look down .. ya looks at me .. right in the eye .. all moonie
eyed as ya can .. and ya does the unbuttoning slowly .. keeping eye contact ..
Now gets your ugly ass up and try's it again."

A sniveling Connie rose sharply to her feet, and leaned in to close contact with
the comfortably seated black, and slowly reached for the redone button to try
the rejected maneuver again.

Keeping eye contact was embarrassing, but Constance managed and then she tried
to again undo the top most button of the seated woman's blouse .. slowly.

"Get's that moonie eyed 'spresion on that ugly ofay face and best make me
believe you wants .. um needs .. to get to ma fine black titties .. You hear me!
No do it!"

Constance wanted to be anywhere but in this room. She should be the one dressed
and a boy, maybe boy friend (Roger) should be trying at get into her blouse ..
but here now she had to do this .. so keeping eye contact she managed to undo
the second button and lowered her hand for the woman's third button.

SLAP!

Again that right hand made contact with her left cheek and the woman demanded,

"Not so fast .. push the 'terial back .. and kiss the skin .. sticking out there
.. like your little dick boy friend done in the nasty back seat of the car.
Don't let me see your real feelings .. you'd best make me believe ya loves that
black skin more than anything in this world .. for I get's my ugly stick and
beat's ya black and blue .. ya hear me?"

In the unwanted role of the female seducer of females Connie felt totally
miscast .. but her smarting left cheek and running nose demanded she do it
anyway and do it believably.

Carefully she eased back the blouse fabric from the massive chest, and lowered
her face to the exposed black skin. She kissed the surpriseingly soft black skin
and then under cover of the mouth contact .. Connie undid the next button.

Again she eased back the cloth of the blouse, and again kissed the exposed sweat
smelling skin. Then using both her shaking hands she dragged the blouse down off
the woman's massive shoulder's bringing the huge strong white bra from its
normal place hidden under the white blouse.

As it seemed to mollify the woman's anger, she rained kisses all over the
exposed black skin she had exposed.

This seemed a safe thing so she kept it up .. till.

"That kissie face shit be ok .. but get on with the tittie holder .. get's
behind me and undo it! SLOWLY .. remember .. "

Shaking in fear she did as ordered .. then ..

"Now gently reached over the cups, and massage them fine black titties .. and I
best believe you doing it for 'love' or I gonna ..."

The black woman called over her shoulder.

Constance had never handled any other woman's breasts, but now she had to .. so
she reached over both cups and fondled the massive black mammarys.

The felt so soft and warm and .. not at all like her puny white mosquito bumps.
She could feel why the boys preferred to date big busted girls. Then felt soo ..

Unconsciously her hands tried to encircled the big black blobs of skin and slid
to the equally massive nipples in a gesture of .. well almost like milking the
..

"I knows you loves to feel real titties not them pitiful shit you got but get's
along with things .. Go back there and undo the clasp .. SLOWLY!"

"OK .. now move's around chere .. now kiss and suck them .. You know's you want
to .. thems the first real titties you's done ever sucked .. Your mama done
bottle fed yo .. or hires a wet nurse .. "

Constance shifted around to the front of the black woman and was struck by the
massive appendages of this woman. She felt soo inadequate .. Did her mother
really have to hire a wet nurse?? Would she ever have tits like the ones here
before her .. all her life she had made fun of the girls that had breasts like
these, but here now .. she wanted ..

"You'd best quit you damn gawking and get to slobbering on these here beauties
afore, I slap that 'spression clean off 'n your pale face."

With a shutter Connie went at the black female mammarys with the gusto she
usually reserved for her best boyfriend during their previous make out sessions
in the back seat of her car before her disastrous 'sleep over' session.

Oh what a change had come over her life in a week, she thought as the tender
black organs seemed to try to smother her small white face as she nursed on the
massive left purple nipple.

"OK nuff that shit .. you seems to get that .. must be what Daftney see'n in
your pussy sucking skills. Now keep kissing then titties while ya do my zipper
.. Just remember slow .. keep that shit eating grin .. and .. keep eye contact
..  and flutter that tongue ove .. "

Constance had been told she was adequate in tittie sucking .. she did not want
to be anything .. but to forestall another slap .. she'd do it .. and smile ..
and try to convince her 'teacher' she li.. no .. she loved tittie sucking .. on
another woman!

While sucking .. and keeping eye contact .. Connie's hands explored the fat
waist and found the skirt's snap and zipper. Because of the roll of fat at the
woman's waist, it was difficult to get the snap undone .. but she persisted as
she suched he nipple .. and got it undone .. then the fat waist caused a bulge
so that the zipped would not slide down.

"Don't you even thin bout tearing that zip .. I break your ugly face .. you best
be gentle and get it down .. "

The woman demanded.

Constance in fear of another slap tugged and played with the zipper .. gently ..
till the thing gave ground and finally exposed the woman's white imitation silk
slip and panties emoted form the cloth skirt.

After dragging the garment down, the woman shifted her big fat ass up, allowing
the girl to easily slip the skirt, down over the extra wide hips .. to below the
fat thighs ..

Then without being told Constance leaned in and kissed the woman's fat black
sweating belly fat.

She hated herself for doing it, but the woman's right hand on the back of her
head convinced her .. She was doing the right things.

"Now lick the nice little hole .. you know's you want's ta. Be sure and get's
all the lint .. "

The woman demanded.

It was the last thing she had ever wanted to do but the steady pressure on the
back of her head convinced her .. she was going to do this ..

"Now slid's down my slip .. slowly .. NO! Leave them panties right where they
is! Just get the slip off!"

Connie struggled with the slip and skirt till she had them both down to the
woman's fat ankles .. then with the woman's help, of course she removed them
from her ankles.

The woman stood up an demanded

"Get down there and take my shits up .. and then go back to sucking  .. and
fondling then wonderful titties .."

Constance knelt after removing the now useless cloth from around the woman's
tall spiked heals. Then raising up slightly, she began again, to kiss and suck
the black breast flesh .. like her boy friend had done her's .. when she let him
.. in the car's back seat.

"Now don't make me have to show ya how ya's tak's down a WOMAN'S panties ..
Daftney's done told me she done, 'stilled that in you's pea brain .. "

Connie knew what the standing massive woman meant. She gently grasped the thin
strip of elastic from its place embedded inbetween the woman's rolls of fat
using her tongue and teeth.  Then she began the long demeaning task of tugging
the thin smelly garment down off the hips and over the massive smelly thighs.
When she had the thing past the woman's knees, she just let it flutter to the
floor by itself. Like in stall 2 back at Daftney's. Now she dared to look up
into the coal black crotch of the massive woman.

It looked .. well like  .. well it didn't look .. She looked up sheepishly and 
..

"Don't just sit there gawking. I know's its best one yu done ever seeded but it
need some of your'n mouth loving so you'd best be getting to it. A fore I go up
side your head .. "

With that demand the woman sat back down, and spread her massive thighs exposing
a pair of smelly fat black labia for the naked white girls attention.

The familiar odor of an unwashed cunt flooded Constnce's olfactory senses .. she
wanted to run awan .. fight the woman .. anything but put her precious face and
mouth to that mess .. but that would, she knew get her beaten, and then she
would have to do it anyway ..

"Put you're paws in between there .. part them lips .. look in .. then look up
smiling .. like you done opened the best present you done ever seeded .. and
then get to the pussy sucking .. NOW!!"

This dispelled any thought the young naked girl had of anything but doing the
job she had learned at Daftney's. She had sucked black pussies .. before .. it
was her after school job .. this one was just one more .. well she would just
have to do it ..

She shifted body to under the woman's massive legs and soon found whole body
engulfed with the massive red nylon covered legs now encircling her head.

"Remember keep eye contact .. Keep that moonie eyed smile .. like ya love me ..
or I got's to beat your skull in .."

Enclosed like her head was, the older woman, could just close up tight and
smother her without her even being able to cry out at all.

Constance did as required and went straight to the hooded sliver of ebony flesh
with her tongue. In no time she had the little organ sticking out .. but ..

"Na! NA! Not so fast .. you got's to work up to that .. try that pussy licker
tongue of your'n in the back hole .. first .. till I sees ya got the hang of
that .. "

Constance knew if she thought about it .. she'd upchuck .. so she fluttered her
tongue at the entrance to the woman's ass hole and tried to keep her mind blank.
The action brought a smile to the fat woman's face .. and a shuttering of her
massive stomach.

"Gal you sure does know you's way around a pussy .. Now does the other one .. "

Still keeping eye contact a smiling Connie shifted focus of her tongue and did
her cunt flutter action inside the woman's sex hole.

This time her actions were rewarded with a colossal discharge of fluid from the
woman. At first the pussy licker thought the woman was pissing on her but the
lack of urine smell let her know the woman had cum.

"Bitch ya sure be one fine pussy sucker. Talented like ya are, the buyer 'll be
pleased if ya get's the dressing and undressing thing down .. You hear's me?"

&lt;BUYER!!!&gt; Constance's mind screamed.

"UM! Pleas.." she started when ..

SLAP

"Don't want to hear it! While you's pussy sucking .. you smile .. look in the
eyes .. and lots a tongue .. "

The massive black woman informed the cowering naked girl between her legs.

"ut my dad .. he has lot's money and he'd pay you .. '

SLAP

"Done told ya don't wana hear it .. get back to your licking .. Sides .. you'se
been sold .. deal's done .."

And when the sobbing girl hesitated ..

SLAPP

"You'd best get to licking afore I slap ya silly .. "

With a heavy heart Connie bent her back .. to her 'work' .. kept eye contact ..
smiled and fluttered her tongue in the massive black pussy .. till the woman
shifter her bulk and kicked her face from the now soaking satisfied crotch.

Connie felt like a discarded tampon. All she could do was lay there and sob.

The black woman went to the room's closet .. fumbled around and then emerged
with a massive dildow strapped around her fat waist. The woman rubbing something
on the dildow's plumb like head and advancing on the sobbing girl.

At first Constance could not conceive of what the thing was for, but then it
dawned on her and she tied to crawl away .. but she met with the tiny rooms
wall.

The black woman knelt down .. flipped the struggling girl over and positioned
the massive dummy at the girl's crotch.

"Come on now! You know's it gonna happen .. so relax .. and loosen up or .. "

No amount of persuasion could convince Connie that that huge thing would fit in
her tiny virginal vagina. So she struggled to try to keep her crotch away from
the thing's looming head.

The black woman, experienced in this form of 'fun' easily caught, held, and
squired the shaking sobbing girl .. but suddenly as it happened the naked girl
found the thing's head not trying to drill into her vagina .. but fighting its
way inside her most private hole ..

The girl froze in pain .. she had never had anything this huge going in or out
of her bottom.

Wanda had a whole lot of experience with this thing. She had fucked many, other,
struggling women, with this huge dildo, in this very room and other places ..
but never, one soo small and inexperienced as Constance. Also ass fucking a
young gal like her was unusual .. buyers of this type of merchandise usually,
wanted the holes .. both of um, nice and tight .. but this customer was unusual
in her tastes.

The pain of the insertion in her bowels caused the girl, to know her whole body
was going to be split into at least two pieces, maybe more .

For her part, Connie just flopped around ineffectually, like a fish out of
water, trying to get away, but Wanda handled her like she was a little baby and
did what ever she wanted easily to drive home the thing.

All Constance could do effectively was scream. This she could not stop doing.
Every time she had inhaled any excess amount of breadth, she screamed! When the
thing, was not working its way into her tight anal grommet, Connie was gulping
air for her next scream.

Big Wanda's ears hurt form all the screaming, the naked white chick was doing ..
but she had a job to do, for the chick's new owner .. and she loved doing her
job .. especially this kind of job, on a snotty little white bitch like this
one. The young girl would never be the same snotty little bitch again.

In a phone conversation, Wanda had assured her customer that the girl would be
open to .. EVERYTHING!.

"She be saddle broke .. afore I bring's her over. You see for your self. I
guaretee's it."

Finally Constance could scream no more. She slumped into unconsciousness for the
third time, and Big Wanda didn't use the smelling salts to revive her this time.

By then the thing had been forced into the formally tiny ass hole, as far as the
new owner had specified. She had taught the young gal a lesion she would not
soon forget.

The training and the insertion task accomplished, Wanda shoved the unconscious
girl, into the corner, detaching the dummy from her gapping ass hole. After
wiping the dirty, bloody thing in the girls hair, Wanda went to the wall closet,
replaced it on its hook for future use on sassy female asses.

Wanda quickly replaced the thing, in the girls ass hole, with a thick yellow
bulbous squash, shoved as deep as the dildo had penetrated, to prove, like a
claim stake, that the girls hole was stretched as ordered. Her new owner would
have visual proof when she picked up her purchase. Strictly as an after thought,
Wanda then stuffed a large short cucumber into the girls vagina. The resistance
in seating it indicated the girl was relatively low 'mileage' in the dicking
category. When the cuke disappeared from sight Wanda shoed it deeper with her
right index finger.

(That will be a son-o-bitch to get out .. whole.) Wanda thought as she went
about her work other work.

Next she began twisting up the inert little body, so she would fit, into a carry
along big black travel bag. Then she taped a thick black cloth sleeping mask, to
insure the girl could not be able to see anything till her new owner wanted her
to, over the girls closed eyes.  She next stuffed a cheep nylon stocking filled
with cotton into the girls unresisting mouth and tapped her mouth shut with
silver tape. This to keep that loud screaming voice of her's muted. For her trip
to her new home.

To insure no surprises after stuffing the naked girl's body inside the bag, and
zipping the bag closed over her, Wanda used the luggage's tiny pad lock to
securely imprisoning the naked girl inside.

Wheeling the trusted up girl inside the bag down the building's stairs was much
easier than dragging the naked resisting girl up earlier, by her labia.

Putting the big bag into her trunk was no problem for a woman of Big Wanda's
size, and once she slammed the lid down, she was ready to go to the pick up
point, and get rid of the merchandise.

Wanda then drove to the bar where she was to turn over the girl to her new
owner. As she was early, she sat her big ass at the bar and had a few to
celebrate and unwind from a job well done.

She would make a nice fat commission on this job .. enough for a few weeks in
the sun in .. oh say Mexico. (Too many hurricanes in the Caribbean Islands this
year.)

Along about 8 pm a tall solidly built white woman slid onto the stool beside
her, and asked Wanda for the key to her car trunk. Smilingly Wanda handed it
over without comment.

The key would be on top of the right rear tire, when Wanda finished her
envibbing and cared to retrieve it later. By then the luggage with its naked
white chick would be long gone to her new permanent home.

Wanda didn't care. Her fee would be wire transferred into her bank if the chick
was what the buyer wanted .. and she was sure the naked white chick was .. but
if not .. their was all ways another buyer for this type of merchandise. In that
case the goods would be returned, and another deal made in no time at all.

-=-=-===-=-=-=-=-=

Constance awoke with a tremendous pain in her ass. Besides that she found
herself all twisted up into a pretzel like shape inside the totally black nylon
type bag. Her arms were trapped against her body and the sides of the bag, with
her hands neatly tucked up under the cheeks of her ass. Her feet had been laid
up and back beside her ears. Something was covering her eyes so that even if
their were some ambient light, she could not see it. Also something large and
filling was stuffed into her gaping mouth guaranteeing little use of her vocal
cords.

Connie had to try so,

"unmnujfnu",

Was all she managed but the thick cotton stuff stocking, in her mouth had dried
her mouth out totally and she desperately needed something to drink.

Her throat hurt for all her screaming and her ass hole was throbbing form its
'opening' by the extra large dildo. She realized that something large was still
stuffed inside her vitals. All she could determine was the thing was large ..
firm .. and textured like a corn cob.

She also felt something stuck inside her vagina. It was large too but not
unbearable, like the ass fucking dildo had been, but it was totally inside her
and her tender pussy lips had closed over this invader. She hopped their was a
way t get the thing out of her sex.

Her condition told her she was going to the 'buyer' the black trainer had
alluded to while fucking her senseless .. She tried t relax as she really had no
choice in the matter. From the woman's 'training' of her, she knew, she would
have at least one female owner to satisfy. She hopped for a male also. All these
females she had had to satisfy at hr job convinced her, she wanted a good stiff
dick for variety at least.

She had hopped, the farmer would keep her around and maybe even let her go, when
he tired of her, but her training and current position, smacked of finality.

Horrible though her job was, she at least got to go home after and sleep in her
own bed at night .. when she was allowed to sleep. But what would her buyer do
to her .. where would she be .. would she have a bed??

Suddenly she felt the bag holding her lifted from where it was and then dropped
into another place. Then she heard two car trunks slam. After a while she heard
a car start up and her bag began to move .. She was in a car trunk and she
reasoned, being taken to her new owner.

&lt;This is the 21 century. People can't be bought and sold!&gt; she reasoned.
Then she remembered the farmer telling her &lt;she'd do whatever he wanted her
to whever he wanted her to .. or else.&gt; so she had to wait .. hpe and then
see ..

The trip took a long time. She got very cold in the unheated trunk, making
sleeping all but impossible. She still didn't know where she was of going .. or
anything.

Then the car stopped .. someone opened the trunk .. the bag containing the
imprisoned girl was lifted out of the trunk. Due to her blindfolded and gaged
state she experienced the dragging over some rough ground, bouncing up some
stairs .. a door opening with a key .. rolling down a long way .. another door
opening with a key .. then down some more stairs .. another door opening with
keys .. dragging a short way and then .. she heard .. a zipper being dragged
around the bag.

Suddenly a blast of warm air began to warm her cold skin. Her feet were being
unwound from behind her head and she could finally straighten her bent back for
the first time in .. that hurt .. but she was then being lifted and being laid
on her back on a cold steel table. The thing (the squash up her ass went little
deeper) driven by her body into her all ready spread open anus.

"Uuumun" She uttered hopping for some help.

The person doing the unpacking paid no attention.

Something went around her neck. She felt that something was holding her to the
cold table on her back .. tightly.

Her arms had been totally useless when they were unpacked form the bag but now
with the feeling beginning to return, they began to flutter to her stuck up
pubic bone. They were firmly .. but gently secured at her sides with something
around each wrist.

Next her ankles were spread wide open, secured to opposite ends of the table.

Their was a pause in which she smelled female perfume and then she began to feel
a soft female hand exploring all over her own soft laid out defenseless female
flesh. The fingers delicately slid along the outer edge of her sex.

Not a word was spoken. Just stroking and then while the soft delicate hands were
running over her body like, she remembered she had her new car, when she first
got it.

&lt;WAS THIS HER OWNER!&gt; Connie wondered.

Then during the prodding of her crotch .. she heard a female voice,

"Are you here willingly?"

Hope arose in her breast. She violently shook her head. 'NO!'

&lt;Maybe she was saved!&gt; she hopped. 

"Are you a lesbian?"

Again she vehemently shook her head. 'NO'

Hopping their had been some mistake, and all this would end.

She was rescued .. she felt.

But then all her good hopes were dashed with one word.

"GOOD!"

To continue ??




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



After 'baby sitting' Fred for the farmer for practically two whole days,
she was relieved. As he brought back a more well behaved Jeanie, from her
visit to the farm, to her own home. Then Piggie was allowed to go home
and ordered to give her own husband a long sweet suck off while he had a
litle meeting with them.

Claudia left and hopped her good behavior, and obedience, had earned
her at least a couple of hours with Bruno. This did not happen.

What followed had been an uneventful week. Why even thursday the
day he usually came for her, passed with Piggie not having been called
to 'duty' at the market.

The farmer had not come and dragged her to the market to orally
service a lot of young boys, even though she had waited, naked,
masturbating in her home, anxious to fulfill her normal thursday's
requirements in the cloth stys.

He hadn't brought over a copies of the tape of her cavorting with Bruno
in her back yard to inspire her masturbation, or anything. In fact he had
had no contact with her at all for a whole week!

The lack of attention from her perceived abuser, caused her to become very
horny! An empty gnawing in her belly kept at her all the time.

When the next thursday came, she would have done anything to be 'forced'
to go to the farmer's market, but he did not come for her.

She had 'helped' him with her neighbor 'Jeanie' and her reward was ..
to play nurse made to Jeanie's husband, Frank, over the weekend only
to be relieved by  much subdued Jeanie sunday morning. Now it was
sunday night, and her sex drive was in high gear, driving her to think
seriously of cruising the bars for comp .. no sex ..

NO! She couldn't do that .. he might come by and she wouldn't be there
ready at his beck and call.

She needed HIM!!

The unpredictability of his demands on her, made her hum dumb life
before, seem soo .. incomplete.

His demands were what she lived for these days.

When another thursday had rolled around and she anxiously awaited
Some demand from HIM!

Today being the third thursday alone, found her sitting by her front door ..
actually kneeling naked anxiously waiting in her entry hall.  Hopping!

Then she finally perceived, though the decorative side window, a naked
woman crawl over from her neighbor's house toward her front door. With
out even waiting for the bell to ring, she threw open the door and there
on her front porch, on her hands and knees was a naked Jeanie. 

The neighbor woman didn't say a word. She just ducked her head down, turned
over so she was now on her back, and stuck her whole face up in between
Claudia's bare legs and began an intense soothing tongue massage of Piggie's
overheated privates.

It felt soo good that Piggie just squatted up slightly there in her open 
front doorway and let Jeanie 'do her' through five colossal cums. These
making Claudia feel so shakie, she had to sit her ass back on the hall
carpet, careful to keep her legs parted so that Jeanie whose face followed
her pussy could continue her 'worship' of Claudia's flowing crotch.

No matter how she twisted or tried to turn away, Jeanie just naturally
followed her denuded pussy. When the path lead the pair of women
being DYKIE, into the relative safety of Claudia's house.

Overwhelmed with tongue action of her neighbor, Claudia let the door
go and it closed behind the pair entwined on the narrow entrance hall
with its thin rough carpet.

Buzz Buzz

It was her cell phone. Claudia managed to push the laveling tongue,
away form her very heavily flowing crotch, long enough to retrieve
it and flip the thing open. 

"You've been such a good girl .. That I decided to reward you with an
afternoon of special cock sucking .. Get your keys and drive yourself
and the bitch with you, down to the farmer's market. The exposure and
tastes will do both of you some good. Hurry now. You know I don't like
to be kept waiting."

Click

Her phone went dead.

She had her orders. With difficulty Piggie, stood up, retrieved her keys
form the hall table and lead a crawling Jeanie, into the garage, then,
into the car. With their seat belt's fastening the naked pair were off to
the farmer's market.

 As he shut his cell phone he was comparing the charms of the three
naked school chums of Constance. True they had served well the last two
Thursdays in the role of cocksucker pigs, but now that Connie was
'otherwise engaged', Daftney needed a new 'pussy sucker'.

Decisions! .. Decisions! It was all ways him who had to decide. But that's
why he made the big bucks .. isn't it.

He fingered each of the three naked girls .. looking for some sign of who
to take to the beauty salon for the afternoon job there.

Each of the girls was still embarrassed at being finger probed naked by a
fully clothed older man.

Finally it was the penetration test that decided him.

The girl, Joan, had a gushing cunt hole when he probed her, first time ..
so she liked men, that was assured. This was the one that would have the
least love of the predominately black hared, ebony skinned, pussys
down at Daftney's Salon.

He took the leash he had around his neck, clipped it into the loop of wire
holding Joan's pussy tag and lead her over to his the trailer hitch on the
back of his little red pick up truck.

"Stay! Now kneel there ..OK .. head down .. ass up .. HIGH .. HIGHER!
Now reach back here and spread them cheeks open .. WIDER than that!
I don't care if it hurts .. Just do it! I want to be able to see that ass hole
whenever I pass by. I don't want to have to look down! Even. I want it
tilted up and plainly visible when ever anyone passes by."

Joan held her position a long time while he saw and received the two
older women and ushered their naked asses into one of the stys.

He had the women kneel facing each other and joined their necks with a
pair of collars joined with an iron bar about 19 inches long. This resulted
in the woman being face to face, with a small gap between. Next he
roped the women's thighs together so their pussies and tits touched
and gave mutual support.

"This is a new improved tandem cock sucker position, I want to try out.
Its for older or fucked out, fuckers .. The fucker mounts from the side ..
like this." He explained stepping over the bar holding the women's
necks about 19 inches apart, after removing his pants and underwear.

"Now you Piggie get to be the prime mover. You do my ass hole with
that talented tongue of yours .. and you, Jeanie, you do the sucking of
the dick. You had better not let one drop of it go to waist .. you hear me?"

"Umamnt"

Both women mumbled and without hesitating. Then they set to work at
their assigned tasks.

For his part, he just stood there regally, enjoying the tongue action of
the two older women working in tandem on his privates.

Their enthusiasm for the 'work' had him done in no time. He soo enjoyed the
sensations, that he mumbled,

"Again!"

After first turning around.

(He wanted to see that it wasn't just the choice of sucker and tonguer,
that caused the wonderful cum.)

True to his ideas it took a little longer for the second time, but the
time was equally satisfying. So he considered his 'tandem cock suckering'
idea a GO!

In order to get the ball rolling though, he picked two of the younger
lads all fucked out, on their way out from a regular suck off, from
one or the younger girls and gave um a free time with the older dual
suck-off team.

The results were spectacular! Both the young fuckers raved about how
the older experienced pair of cock suckers did them even though they
felt they could never cum again after their first blow job.

The older women, skeptical of sucking a guy while tit to tit with
another woman at first, but they got the hang of the 'tandem' and
then soon they were rubbing together and getting the most out of the
customer's dick / ass and their partner's body while doing their
business for me.

(That tongue in the ass hole does um every time!)

Since it takes two 'pigs' to do a tandem, he could charge twice as much.
Sort of a premium charge.

Satisfied that the 'rentals' were going well, the farmer, now turns his
attentions back to his former little sucker, Joan waiting for him behind
the truck.

When he rounded the truck, he found her still where he left her last,
head down, ass sticking up, spread cheeked for any passers by to see.

He takes up the leash from her left labia, and leads her back to his truck
cab, and pushed her inside. Once there he has her kneel on the truck
floor and marionette his dick on the way to Daftney's Salon.

Outside there, he leaves her just like her predecessor, Constance, naked in
broad daylight, in front of the salon, with the same instructions,

"Get in there and apply for an after school job."

Unlike Connie, Joan rushed inside the small salon to avoid standing outside
naked in the street in the rundown section of town.

Inside the Salon, she found herself standing there all huddled over, naked
shivering form exposure trying to cover her goodies, when she was accosted by
the owner's daughter, Rebecca.

"Well if it ain't 'little miss priss' Joan! How's things going in that algebra
thing you's so good at?"

Small world isn't it. It seems the girls had been class mates a few months
before .. But Rebecca dropped out .. and to her, now, to have one of her
former class mates here .. like this .. well she just loved it. Rebecca
determined to make the most of it, and in the process Joan's life hell.

"What ya here for? And all naked like that? You bitch. It ain't Halloween!
'sides your gross body won't even scare's young un down here. And we don't giv's
out candy to ugly cunt's."

Joan could just stand there, shaking in fear, all huddled over praying for this
nightmare to end.

"What this little whore be doing in my fine respectable establishment"

Daftney demanded as she emerged from her shop's back room.

Joan's mind grasped the only fact the man had given her,

"Um mm .. Mam I mean .. he sia .. a job?" she managed to stammer out.

"Who dis 'he'? Don't got no job for no puny little white cunt like this."
Daftney said running her large black hand over the shaking white girls back.

"Becca, throw this little whore outside."

Barely able to hold back her smile at the distress she plainly saw on Jan's
horrified face. 

Joan was frantic. She didn't want to be here but at least she was inside, but to
be set outside 'like this' .. she had to make the large black woman understand.

Rebecca advanced on the shaking crying white girl, when Joan managed,

"But he .. brought me here .. and told me to .. a job??"

"Who this he?" Daftney demanded staying Rebecca's arm and trying desperately to
keep her laughter inside her big fat shaking belly.

"I .. don' know .. he doesn't tell me .. he had me .. he made me .. "

Joan stammered .. pleading to not be thrown out of the relative safety of
the salon into the street.

"NA you 'ouldn't want to .. does the job!" Dafteny began.

"Yes! Yes I'll do anything .. I'll .. "

The naked girl sunk to her knees pleading to not be thrown out.

"Well their be a job, but you'se gonna hafta convince me you's b willing to do
.. what required .. "

From her knees the naked white girl pleaded,

"I'm a good worker .. yu can ask anybody. Just don't throw me out like this."

"Well come on back here and we see's if'n you be such a good worker." Daftney
said taking the sobbing girl arm and leading her on back to the 'Lady's'.

Once there the girl was forced into stall number 2 and crowded in by Daftney and
Rebecca.

Once all three of them were inside the stall, Dafteny fastened a bright shinny
steel collar fashioned form chrome steel chain. The chain extended from the
'collar's' pad lock to a fixture solidly mounted in the wall.

The chain snubbed the collar such that Joan was forced to kneel on the floor of
the stall in front of the high stool. Its length would not allow the collared
individual to stand up or crotch down.

"Now I done seen a video of you doing other girls in some dirty barn .. I want's
the same!" Dafteny demanded standing before the stool waiting.

"NO! I .. No I can't do that. I mea.. He made .. Please just let m .. " Joan
babbled horrified at the prospect of having to do the lesbian bit on this fat
old black woman .. and before her enemy from school, Rebecca. She just couldn't
do that again, especially here ..

"Becca this bitch be obstinate. 'suade her with'n your new toy." Dafteny ordered
stepping aside to give Rebecca room for her swing.

Rebecca was only too happy to 'suade her chained naked former classmate with the
thin snake skinned belt. She drew back and let the wicked thing fly.

Joan's back was stripped, with a line of pure fire.

"AAAAAA"

The naked girl screamed out, but the second lick was all ready on the way.

"AAAAAA",

Again the girl was caught but this time as her hands had tried to protect her
naked back the snake skin horror, this time lashed her soft white right breast.

Seeing this could go on for a very long time and their was nowhere to hide Jan
again tried pleading.

"AAAAAA ... PLEASE I Ju ... AAAAAA ... OK K! I'll do it  ... AAAA just STOP ..
I'll .. AAAA"

Joan managed between Rebecca's belt strokes all over her rapidly stripping body.

A smiling Dafteny called out t her daughter.

"Sound's like the little cunt gonna be reasonable .. but you stays there ready
if'n I has any more back talk, Rebecca."

"Aw ma I's just getting the hang of this new belt, and them titties of her'n
really go wild when I get's on em just so."

Rebecca answered, but she stayed her weapon, but held it ready for another
slice.

"Now cunt we's gonna do a little play acting. You'se gonna treat me like I's a
customer, and you's my worker bee.. Now I comes in here and you be all kneeling
up there .. like that .. and you smiles and says .. 'Can I suck your nice black
cunt?' Ok now look up here .. smile .. "

Horrified Joan knew she was going to be sick. She just froze there starring at
the smiling grotesque face of the huge black woman.

"Rebecca!"

Daftney demanded and motioned with her right hand.

Rebecca swung the thin belt up from the floor this time right into Joan's
slightly parted crotch.

Joan's labia took the hit! Full on.

She felt as if her head would pop off from the straps viscous hit., Both her
hands naturally rushed down there, trying  to protect and sooth her crotch from
where they had been soothing her aching right tit. But now protecting her now
blazing crotch became paramount. She tried to bend over and curl up, but the
short chain connected t the collar, snubbed her from even doing that.

Rebecca being a talented sadist, kept her aim moving while her victim's body
blazed in new flair ups of pain at each touch of her snake skinned belt.

The constant screaming was deftning in the metal wall enclosed stall. Then Joan
caught a break. Rebecca's right arm tired.

A sweating Rebecca raised her weapon but stopped delivering blows.

Daftney looking down on the cowering naked white girl and inquired,

"You gonna do? Or does she have to give ya more?"

Through the red haze of her pain Joan managed to understand that she had to
accept the degrading act required of her, or her former class mate would skin
her alive with that thin snake skinned belt.

"I.. I .. do anything! Only st .. op um .." She managed.

"Becca hold up there .. girl's gonna be 'sonable." Daftney ordered, then she
continued, "Pay tenion bitch! You'se here for servicing customers. You'se gonna
start your queer act with my fine black pussy .. 'stands? .. Well get to it."

Joan looked up the short fat legs of her new boss and waited for ...

"Well first off .. ya asks the nice lady if you .. lowly white bitch, can suck
her fine pussy .. Its ok to use your own words .. Now hurry up don't make me and
Becca here mad!"

Joan would have rather had her own crotch done, but for her to do the dyke bit
.. was well unthinkable under other circumstances .. but here, now the thin
snake skinned belt made the unthinkable .. mandatory. Her smoldering pain
centers convinced her, as she looked up with her best pleading look, trying to
cover her body as best as she could.

"Child what ya waiting for?? Ask politely!" Daftney demanded.

With tears in her eyes Joan managed,

"May..um .. I 'lease.. um..  do your pussy!"

"Not bad! But ya got's ta quit hiding yo ugly self. Put them hands up .. just
like some mangy little dog .. oh and spread them bony legs too .. so the gals
know you is a girl .. With them no tit, tits ya got's ya look more like a boy
than girl .. queer!"

Joan, now sobbing, managed to put up her hands, in the pose of a little dog
begging, and spread her still radiating crotch open and looking up pleadingly,
sobbed,

"Please .. may .. I suck your ... pussy."

Daftney gaze never wavered.

Joan felt like a bug under a magnifying glass but she stayed there hopping that
her pitiful appearance and the words were enough. She prayed that that was
enough.

"Quit that sobbing .. Whipes ya nose .. Next time .. with the customers you best
be more feeling .. Now get's to taking down my slacks .. Just the slacks .. mind
ya .. leave them panties alone .. for now!"

Joan wanted to vomit but didn't.

"Good ... keep smiling while ya is doing it. Look up here .. smile that shit
eating grin, you'se white gals get when you's know you's gonna get some sweet
black pussy .. now lean in and kiss my belly .. Now gets them choppers around
the bottom on my panties crotch .. Mind ya don't ya dare nip my crotch. OK! Now
drag um down .. slow .. and keep that smiling .. and keep looking up at me .. "

Through the detailed instruction Joan hoped for some reprieve .. this was worst
than anythng she had had to do before in her life. She wished she had never gone
to that sleep over .. if she could get her hands on that Connie ..

"Now they down there .. let um go .. and let's um fall .. Now take a good long
look up at my beautiful pussy .. Ain't it beautiful? Now big shit eating grin
while ya look up .. and ask .. politely to kiss it. Afore ya goes ta sucking my
pussy .. make me believe ya is here for that pussy alone .."

Daftney instructed.

Joan hopped Constance was burning in hell but she mumbled,
"Um please may I kiss .. and su .. suck it?"

"Keps eye contact while you beg .. and get them paws up like the little puppy ya
is. Better .. Now let's tru it all again .. pull's up my panties .. and my
slacks .. and we do er again form the top .. Becca be watching .. and this time
yo best get it right. OK!"

The pair and the thin snake skinned belt kept Jan at the preamble to the 
disgusting task for about ten times.

Only then did Daftney make the thoroughly demoralized girl go to the actual
'pussy sucking'.

Again this was gone over and gone over till Joan knew the facial and tongue
moves like the back of her hand.

Whenever she faltered, the belt caressed her soft white ass or back or tits to
show her the error of her ways.

Finally Daftney pronounced Joan ready for the customers.

Just like Constance before her Joan was reticent for the first few 'customers'
but Rebecca's presence and her strokes with the belt on Joan's all ready red
lined back and ass drove her to greater efforts than she herself knew she was
capable of.

Joan 'worked' until early in the evening, but after the last customer Daftney
had her fill out her employee data form and then she had Rebecca drive the naked
girl out into the street with her cheeks still coated with sickening girlie cum.

Joan was left to huddle beside a phone pole trying her best to cover her
nakedness till the farmer came for her.

-=-==-=-=-=-=-

Back at the farmer's market, the farmer, while taking in the fees for one of his
wonderful cock sucker pigs, was approached by a strange, little fat man with
stringy red hair. This guy's smile gave the impression of oiliness only seen in
hair tonic commercials of old.

He wanted to rent one pig for a week .. every day from noon to 10 pm. He would
give them lunch and water through the day and pay a flat fee.

It sounded like a heck of a deal, but the farmer wanted a per dick fee, for
every one serviced. The funny little man and the farmer argued but finally set
up a compromise. For the first week the flat fee would be the rule. They would
negotiate for the next week.

Finally the farmer demanded collateral and the man put up one of his 'Adult Book
Stores'.

The man had a few rows of video machines in each of his stores, that were all
ways breaking down, needing repair. He had seen the farmers 'pig stys' and had
an idea that using his booths for 'glory holes' with pig cock suckers in one
booth beside an unfunctioning video stall.

The deal would be a golden opportunity for each of them.

Behind each 'glory hole' would be one of the experienced cock-sucker pigs
servicing anything stuck through the hole.

Here was a chance to get into the 'adult market' for the farmer. I mean the
young boys in search of a blow job market would all ways be there .. but the
horny business man, or the day laborer, seeking to get off at all times of the
day or night was vastly bigger.

So the farmer lent the store owner one pig .. Piggie for a week to test the
waters .. so to speak.

When the farmer arrived at her house just after her husband left for his job,
Piggie was very happy to see him. Based upon her previous job performance her
employer had fired her anyway, so the prospects of a new job for her owner was
heavenly for Piggie .. given the nature of the 'job' she would never have to
worry about suitable dress.

(I mean do you really care what your cock-sucker is or is not wearing?
Personally I keep um naked so they are properly motivated .. then too an
experienced one, rubbing her tits against my leg is .. well invigorating .. but
in this glory hole thing. There is no tactile contact, with of the bodies other
than the cock and the suckers oral organs.)

So I put away my pigs after the market closed down .. Oh the market's owner
demanded he get to fuck Jeanie today as she was new pig. I didn't argue, and she
didn't know as she just knelt there, all hunched over. The old man approached
form the rear, stuck it in, and pumped away to his hearts content.

Afterwards the old man said he preferred to fuck my older pigs, as they had some
meat on them .. Not like the little girl pigs I used for the last few weeks.

Ah well it takes all kinds .. doesn't it?

Bright and early .. for me .. I went to Piggie's house and took her to the book
shop owner (Sid)'s place and installed her in a video booth that was down for
technical reasons. Using a drill Sid provided us with a 7 inch hole at waist
height and we were in business.

After instructing a naked Claudia again, on her duties, we locked the doors,
plastered a 8 x 10 picture of her kneeling there over the hole in the
neighboring booths and went out into the seedy 'store' to drum up business.

Their was a lot of skepticism on the stores patrons part .. at first .. we had
to give away a three free bee's before we got a paying customer .. Most of the
guys were homo-phobic so we had to install one of those view scopes that install
by drilling through the wall, to insure the guys that it was really a female
cock-sucker and not some queer in the next booth servicing them.

With the new business venture up and running, I went to see Big Wanda for my cut
of the sale of Constance sweet ass to the rich lesbian.

Constance's mother (Jeanie) and father (Frank) had been induced to forget they
ever had a daughter, with the video of each of them 'molesting' the poor girl! 
If they open their mouths, at best they go to jail as child molesters, or worse
they become prime suspects in her mysterious disappearance.

The young boy friend Roger and his buddy Tim came over to Connie's former house
inquiring where she was and Jeanie fell all to pieces.

That suited me fine. I had a bone to pick with those two lads. They had if you
remember earlier in this story been in on the partial pig napping of Piggie.

So when Jeanie called me and I had her direct the boys to an out of the way
place in one of the deserted fields around my farm. There a few of my good old
boys cornered the young miscreants and after a little ruff stuff delivered the
trust up blindfolded boys to my barn.

Now there is very little market in young boy flesh, that I'm aware of, but I had
decided to teach these boys a lesion that would stay with them for the rest of
their lives.

We gave um a shot with a cattle prod and while they were in la-la land we
stripped down stark naked!

In my inventory of animal things, I had few of the tight rubber sleeve like
devices used for castrating cattle and sheep. It had proved to be no great
trouble, in the past to cover the upper ball sacks of troublesome males with
these. So with two of these things I encased the boy's family jewels. Continuous
holding of the ball sack of man or beast and in a half hour or so .. would
strangle the blood supply and .. no more man. In some cases, with a particularly
hard case, we left the rubber tubes there over night and let the former man
watch his gonads WHITHER AND DIE right before his eyes.

But these were mer boys and so it was more effective if we didn't tell um ..
right away and they found out later .. so when the boys awakened fully, they
felt some discomfort but nothing too painful.

We didn't give um a chance to ask questions. Ran um through the denuding troth
with the thick white caustic liquid. It would remove all their body hair, what
little they had, and we made um do their facial cheeks, to complete the effect.
We had um run around for the stuff to dry, once they were out of the troth.

Next just like with the females when they were thoroughly dry, we hosed um down.
The result was they were all soft and smooth as a new born baby's butt. Now I
put each of um in a breeding frame and sprayed that 'bitch-in-heat-scent' stuff
inside each of their ass cracks.

Then we just left um, wondering what was happening, with a video cameras running
to keep a record. Shortly every horny dog in the area arrived with boners. We
recorded when every farm dog for miles around came, a calling and mated with
what they thought was an in season bitch. The poor boys cried and pleaded to go
home to ma ma.

After a few hours of this, when the scent wore off, the boys were soo happy to
get out of the breading frame, they agreed to do anything we wanted.

At this point they just wanted to go home.

First off they promised to never .. never interfere with my pigs or business
ever again. Then I had um read a script while the video camera was running, that
they had done away with their girl friend, Constance over a drug deal.

In future if they raised an outcry about anything, the tape and the
disappearance of Connie, would fix their little red wagons forever.

By then it was apparent to my casual observation, their captive balls were dying
or in fact soo fare gone, that you could say the things were decease. They were
soo happy to be going home. I figured, why tell um, the bad news. It would spoil
their whole day .. and after the fucking their ass holes had taken, they were in
no mood to argue when we carefully cut off the constricting rubber tubes and
gave um back their clothes.

They were so happy to be going home. They had thought, we were going to cut
their nasty little ball thing right off their bodies.

In a few days the boys would notice a lack of sexual desire, and way in the
future they would never lose their hair .. now that's something isn't it?

From now on though the only erections they would ever enjoy were someone else's.

So we took um back to their car and warned um to keep quiet about their
afternoon or any reference to Constance, or next time we'd use tin snips on
their dicks.

Again they were falling all over themselves thanking us for not cutting their
balls off swearing they would never talk about their afternoon.

Continue?




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.

If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Constnce could do NOTHING!

She now found herself now firmly mounted to the stainless steel autopsy table
fastened at her throat, chest, wrists, waist and ankles by something seemingly
unbreakable. She could not even, try to expel the things stuck up her ass and
pussy holes.

She could only lay there, totally helpless and endure the exploration of the 
female fingers and hands, in their continuing journey, going over her every inch
of her uncovered, unprotected skin.

Since the previous two questions, the person, doing the exploring of her body,
had not seen fit to even attempt to converse with her despite her many futile
attempts at communication.

For her part, Constance had tried to communicate with grunts and attempted
screams when she was outraged, like when whoever it was, had begun to casually
friction her tiny sex bud like it was some curiosity piece. These attempts had
seemingly no effect whatsoever in the manual exploration of Connie's female
treasures.

The woman, for Constance was reasonably certain it was a woman, followed her own
agenda, with no feelings for the naked female body laid out on the table.

Once the feather like touching of all of her body was done, the fingers
returned, but this time, they began to pinch .. first the nipples .. then the
neither lips .. These were both streatched out, twisted back and forth, and
manipulated in most every way imaginably.

Then after what seemed like a long time for her, the pinching part of the
exploration cease. Now when the fingers returned, they seemed to have a rubber
covering, this time. Now they attempted to probe inside her crotch into its
orifices.

"That woman was  a real BITCH .. wasn't she?" the voice commented at the
discovery of the 'plugs' blocking the fingers exploration.

When the 'woman's' agenda was thus thwarted .. the fingers left her body, and
she heard the steps of her examiner, retreating from beside the table.

The their were sounds of a lock being opened .. A door being opened .. some
shuffling around of things, and again the advancing of a person's foot
steps toward her naked body..

Without a preamble, she next heard the buzzing of clippers of some kind ..
Suddenly she felt a huge chunk of her precious hair fall away .. from her scalp.

 she realized to her horror.

"UmmNnmn" Connie tried to object to this outrage, and commenced to shaking her
head all around like some mad woman making the cutting difficult.

The buzzing stopped.

"BAD!" the calm female voice called out, and then she heard a zipping sound and
..

SPLATT!

Her spread open denuded crotch exploded in a red fog of horrible pain.

Her whole body went rigid with the sudden unexpected cutting pain.

In a moment as she still lay there, rigid with the biting pain, the buzzing
started again .. again she tried to stop this outrage, by wiggling around as
much as her tight bondage would allow.

She was attempting to communicate her displeasure at having her precious hair
hacked off without, at least, her permission being asked.

"BAD!"

The word came again .. and again ..

Zippp

SPLATT

She felt another strike by something thick and wide and oily, to her spread open
unprotected crotch. This now let her know, her interference with this butchering
of her hair would not be tolerated.

When she quit convulsing and was still, the buzzing began again, but this time
.. she now held her rigid position internally nursing her pain, and externally
crying at her loss. Laying there, she merle observed, as best she could, her
crown of woman hood, her precious hair, being meticulously cut off by this
unseen fiend.

Shortly her whole scalp began to feel every breeze that occurred. It was like
the sensation, after her crotch had been denuded, with that terrible white stuff
the farmer had forced the girls to walk through. Now her head along with her
crotch would feel cold at every breeze.

Without a stop, the buzzing went on and on, till she perceived that all of her
hair was gone .. Only then did the buzzing stopped.

Suddenly something was pressed against her right brow.

 went through her mind.

Again the buzzing came to her ears and the vibration seemed concentrated on her
the right side of her forehead. She held her head rigid firm, fearing another
smash to her aching crotch, all the while dreading the act of clipping off her
eye brow.

The process stopped! But was soon repeated on her left brow.

Then the buzzing stopped again.

The steps retreated away from the table, but soon returned.

Now she heard a 'sssss' sound, and then felt the soft smooth feminine hands
rubbing, something thick, cold, sweet smelling, and very sticky into her newly
denuded scalp and then where her eye brows had been.

It smelled, like the stuff the farmer had made she and her girl friends walk
through, in the modified cattle dip troth at the farm.

She had realized, that all her pubic, leg, underarm and all bodily hair below
her neck had disappeared after that short treck, and it had never regrown since.

So the stuff, now coating her whole scalp and forehead, must be some kind of
powerful depilatory.

Whoever this bitch was .. she now .. had cut off all her slaves hair .. even her
eye brows, and was now insuring that it would not be back for a long time .. if
ever ..

Their was nothing she could do. She would be a bald headed naked sex freak
forever. She could never go outside, or be seen in public again. All her girl
friends would laugh at her, if they ever saw her again.

Every normal person would laugh at her. Her fri ..

Then she felt the depilatory being rubbed again into her, all ready denuded
crotch again, probably to insure it stayed in its denuded state for at least as
long as her head.

She could do nothing .. but lay there sobbing .. wondering what in the name of
hell she looked like.

For a young social butterfly, like Connie, her looks were paramount. Nothing
else mattered!

"Don't cry my little pet. I OWN YOU! This is the way I want you .. and I'm going
to keep you .. all nice and smooth and white like this .. forever!"

The female voice from above informed the sobbing girl as the hands returned to
roam over her precious breasts.

The unseen woman walked away again, but soon returned, and put something heavy
and metallic on the table where she was being held captive. Shortly the female
hands took possession of her head again and held her nose by grasping the
septum, forcing her head up and back against the table.

The something heavy and metallic was clamped against her septum and lay over her
upper lip .. then ..

SNAP

A horrible pain tore at the center of her little pug nose.

"UUUUUU" she tried to object but the something metallic resting on her upper lip
held her nose upright in the same position. Her whole head was captive by this
thing holding her septum .. Then the pressure along with the thing was released.

She felt the something heavy being removed from her septum, and being dragged
down from her upper lip to her chest.

While she was sobbing her heart out, she felt the something heavy come to rest
on her soft smooth right breast. Then she felt a tug at her right nipple. It
felt like someone's mouth was suctioning the small pimple like organ ..

The organ responded and the suction was released .. then again came .. the
weight on top of her breast and then ..

SNAP

Again that horrible pain but this time it was concentrated around her right
nipple, but the whole breast was enveloped.

Before she could recover .. Again she felt the tug of something on her left
breast, then the suction ..  and then ..

SNAP

Now the pain emanated from both her nipples.

While she was trying to cope with these areas of pain .. Suddenly she felt a tug
at her right labia. This was too much .. but as she tried to move .. but ..

SNAP

Again the pain .. but this time from her delicate pink right labia.

"UUUU" she tried to beg for mercy. But she felt another tug, this time on her
left labia.

SNAP

Now she felt like her whole body was a blazing in pain, but the pinching went
away to be followed by something tugging at the places where the pain was still
radiating.

"OH! Can't forget these!" the female voice said rhetorically, as Connie felt
fingers taking a hold of her left ear.

SNAP

Then the tug at her right ear.

SNAP

Next she felt a new cold metallic thing go around her neck and she heard a loud
..

CLANG

The cold metal stayed, but soon her body warmed the thing, so while it stayed
tightly around her neck, it did not hurt. The same thing occurred at both of her
wrists, her belly and both of her ankles.

"Now PRECIUS I want you to see my brand new pet. Come on let's get you up and
get the first pictures of my toy."

The strong female hands lifted her body up, off the table after joining her
wrists somehow to the thing going her waist.

Her blind fold was whisked away, and she, for the first time, saw her OWNER!

She was a younger woman, tall, slightly manlike in appearance. She had broad
shoulders, strong arms and plain face, but seemingly no breasts.

Certainly no one Constance in her normal life, would know or want to know.

Her smiling owner walked over to the corner of the big room and turned a long
full length mirror up, so that it faced toward the hurting young girl.

The older woman returned to the table, to helped Connie up off the table and
into a standing position on her shakie feet. Then standing behind the aching
naked girl, the woman proceeded to tug lightly at the rings now piercing
Constance's nipples stretching the small mammarys outward and said, 

"Aren't these nice!(giving a harder tug) I know their a little sore right now
but in a little while, with constant pulling I'll be able to draw them out and
decorate um, with all sorts of hangie things."

All the while she was commenting, the woman maintained her firm grip on the
large rings.

Connie looking into the mirror, horrified at the totally denuded naked sex slave
festooned with rings, who looked back at her. Totally demoralized at the sight
of what she had become she sobbed ..

The women went on speaking and pulling,

'Now since this is our first real meeting, together, the book says that I should
really beat the shit out of you. Further the book says that I must hurt you
badly in order to show you how much I love owning you. What do you think? Should
follow tradition .. or . "

Constance vigorously shook her head 'NO'. This even though the ring now piercing
her septum, shook with her motions, and hurt her little nose terribly.

"Aw poo! You failed the test. A good and proper sex slave, would of answered
'Yes mistress! Please beat me or not as you wish! So you see, now you deserve
punishment .. and we'll get that out of the way first .. OK?"

Constance tried to get her ass off the table, but she could not make her legs
work. With her hands trapped at her waist, they could not help her rise up from
her seated position.

But it was mer child's play, for the bigger heavier woman, to lift little
Constance off the table, and force her naked body over a large upholstered chair
in the corner of the room. Now the woman attach Connie's nose ring to a fishing
line hooked somewhere under the chair.

The woman then spread out the girl's ankles and attached them by the chain
collar's around the girls ankles to individual legs of the chair. Then the
woman walked over to a wall closet where she kept her 'tools'.

When she returned, she had a large recently oiled leather strap which easily
reached form the top of her shoulder to the floor.

"This is reserved, in future, for when you are really .. really naughty .. but
for today and your 'birth', as it were, into your new life .. one of slavery, I
think we'll use this .. OK?"

The woman said as she took up a position slightly to the left of, and beside the
trust up, bent over naked girl. In one quick motion the woman raised her arm
with the strap firmly clutched in it.

Ziiippp

SPLATTT!!

The strap raced down and landed with the force of an earthquake across the small
white behind, forcing the squash stuck up Connie's ass hole to burst into a
million pieces.

Constance raised her head not only to scream at, the pain of the strap to her
butt, but also the deeper penetration of the squash into her colon, but her  
consciousness fled.

The woman, all ready, had her arm set for another stroke with the belt, when she
noticed that Connie's sweat soaked head had fallen down in unconsciousness. She
rushed over to the girl side, and felt for a pulse at the artery in the girl's
neck.

The pulse was steady.

Smiling to herself as she muttered,

"No real harm done!"

Then she went to the opened closet and got out the smelling salts.

Connie world of soft warm blackness dissolved into the reds and pain of reality.

Her ass cheeks were on FIRE! from hip to hip .. top to bottom. She raised her
tired head trying to avoid the salt container in order to sink back to oblivion.

The happy woman persisted in holding the salts where they drove Constance's
being back to the real painful world.

"Wasn't that a bitch? I'm soo mean! But the master / slave relationship dictates
that we do this .. so you fear me.  You must realize that I hold the power of
life and death over you. In time you will really come to love me and I dare say,
even this object (she held up the long thick belt for the aching girl to see) of
my authority .. now we'll carry on .. if you are ready. OK?"

"You know though, I'm afraid you can't breath properly with all that stuff in
your mouth, so I'll take it out .. OK? Oh and let me tell you, you are in 'my
place' so no one will ever hear you here, so don't waste the breadth you'll
kneed for screaming, with uselessly calling for help. Only you and I will hear
you .. and it will only piss me off and make me hurt you more, OK?"

The woman began removed the stocking with the now yuckie spit soaked cotton in
it, from the girls now parched mouth.

"pl .. please no more! I'll be good. You don't have ta .."  Constance manage as
the woman deposited the stocking into a refuge container and again took up the
belt standing about where she had been earlier.

"I know that dear .. " the woman commented stroking the soft white skinned ass
that was her target, "but the rules of our relationship dictate, we have to get
started this way, right off. If we don't we might just become friends .. and
then when you misbehave, and I have ta do this to you .. you'd hate me. See?
This way you will hate me right now and fear me all ways, but in future .. when
I'm firm but fair, you will come to adore me?"

The woman explained as she brought her arm forward sharply, letting the belt fly
at the blistering white moon of her helpless sex slave.

SPLATTTT

"AAAAAAAAAAMAMAMMAMAMAAM!!!"

Connie managed but this time, as the gag was gone, and the pain her body was
experiencing did not let her fall into unconsiousness.

Before the first scream was even done, the strong right arm of her owner had
swung back and forward again delivering yet another lick to the poor girl's
abused body. That same body, that previously had been the self confident,
Constance, young socialite was being transformed to fearing slave's.

The strokes went on .. slowly .. mechanically .. the screaming followed each
hit, and the terrible abuse of the slave's body went on and on.

Each time Constance tried to evade her biting pain, by passing out, the smelling
salts brought her back to her pain filled consciousness.

Then mercifully, their came a point went the salts did not revive the naked sex
slave, and so the slave's owner, whose arm was tired now, gave her a reprieve
from further punishment.

The owner, Miriam, congratulated herself on a job well done. As she looked over,
and then felt every rising welt, she delighted in the cross hatching design she
had effected, in this, her first slave, 'baptism' so to speak.

Bolstered by this good work Miriam put away her now sweat soaked belt, and after
a glowing glance back, strode upstairs locking poor Connie in the dungeon still
spread over the chair, naked and unconscious.

Miriam was soo happy! She had wanted to go on with the belt .. or maybe she
should of use a cane .. or .. No the belt was enough, for now.  .. No! She felt her beating of her slave further, now, would
of been a mistake.

She'd wait till her slave did something wrong and deserved it .. then ..

Miriam was so hyper now though she had to do something ..

She should reward herself .. perhaps a fancy dinner at that new French
restaurant that just opened down town.

Yes! She would go there .. treat herself .. and then get early to bed.

Training a new slave can be soo time consuming ..

So after the wonderful meal and a good night's sleep, one should all ways get an
early start in the morning when training a new slave.

Miriam had an exquisite dinner and celebrated with a half bottle of champagne.
She knew her sex slave really wouldn't enjoy the food or the wine, as her body
would be in such great pain tonight .. perhaps some other time.

A refreshed, smiling Miriam returned to the dungeon bright and early the next
morning and released her slave from over the chair where the slave had spent the
night hurting.

A very stiff aching Connie just lay there, fearing the woman she now knew as her
OWNER.

When she was able, she immediately went to her knees, and returning to the
things, she had learned in Daftney's Salon. Naked with her hands still trapped
at her waist she looked up and ..

"Please mistress let me serve you in any way you wish. Anything .. " Connie
pleaded hopping to please. Anything to avoid that belt.

Miriam was proud of the results of her beginning act, in her new vocation as a
Mistress of slave(s). Looking down into the terror filled eyes of her first sex
slave .. the Mistress smiles saying,

"Show me that nasty pussy licker of your's!"

Immediately the terror strickened girl stuck out her tongue as far as she could.

Her happy mistress reached down with her right hand and took position of
Constance's slick little tongue. She tactually felt every feature of the tiny
pink thing and related,

"You are going to give me a lot of pleasure with this thing ... Aren't you?"

"us ustess" the aching little sex slave answered her now acknowledged owner in
terror.

It was now clear that, their was nothing this woman could ask of her, she
wouldn't do, or try to do immediately. Her body trembled as the fingers explored
her precious tongue and all she did was cooperate with her owner.

"You know with all your other decorations, a good firm stud, or two in this
would make this pussy licker soo much better. Then too there is the resale value
to consider. In one slave listing I've seen a tongue stud is considered a
definite plus."

Connie knelt there festooned with unwanted 'decorations' and broke out with a
sob at this statement, though the remaining pain from her recent beating and her
fear of this woman kept here kneeling with her 'pussy licker' in the mistress's
fingers.

The woman let the tongue go and inquired,

"Did the woman, instruct you in how to disrobe your betters?"

"Yes Mistress!"

Constance answered remembering the long drawn out embarrassing instructions at
the hands of the huge black woman.

"And did she use that nice 'extra large' dildo in that tight little ass hole of
yours?"

"Yes Mistress!"

Connie answered conjuring up memories of the fat black woman, forcing the huge
thing up her tiny ass hole till she passed out. She felt her ass grommet tighten
around the something, the woman had stuffed into her before she woke up here.

She wanted to ask if she could somehow remove the thing in both of her orifices,
but dare not make the request.

"The old woman left a some things up there, to permanently increase your holes
capacity for when I feel the need to FUCK my little straight slave girl. As you
can probably realized, I am one of those nasty bull dykes, all you prissy little
girls worried about, through all of your life, whenever you used a common
toilet. I have never had one of those nasty dicks, real and artificial anywhere
near me .. but you can look forward to a lot of those things in your body's
orifices .. whenever it suits me, to fuck my little slave girl, or lend her to
some big dicked sadist for my amusement. You'll grow to love those times as a
straight whore for the future. But here ... now you're face and my fabulous
pussy need to meat. I know you will make me happy .. or .. well let's not talk
of that .. yet .. "

In terror the naked little sex slave reached out and carefully lowered her
owner's slacks to the floor, kissing the hips, thighs, calves .. etc as the body
parts of her mistress became uncovered. When she had the slacks all the way down
to the floor she helped the woman step out of the expensive garment. Carefully
she folded the cloth and reached for the woman's expensive lacy red panties. She
pulled the elastic band out till she could grip the panties with her teeth. As
she tugged the thing down the woman's legs she kept smiling eye contact. When
the garment was around the woman's ankles, she carefully placed then on top of
the recently discarded slacks.

Constance looked up at the pussy, that in future, her whole life would revolve
around. It was slim and petite, and covered with a thick pelt of tangled brown
ringlets of pubic hair. Personally it disgusted her, but she forced herself to
keep smiling at it (like she had been instructed) and then she turned her face
up to gaze adoringly into her owner's smiling face.

"That was a really nice having you disrobing of my lower half .. Now show me
what that pussy swabber can do on my crack, and it better be good!."

Constance dove into her new life's vocation. Again, like she had been instructed
under Rebecca's and Wanda's tutelage, she laved the nasty tasting pussy crack
from top to bottom.  She now knew she had to serve this woman or she would incur
more pain, might even be done away with.

Miriam's pussy had a strong almost raw fish taste. Connie tried to keep up
constant tongue flicking, remembering to keep eye contact, through the tangle of
pubic hair, over the pubic bone.

She gauged her tongue actions to her owner's changing facial expressions.

As she worked, at this demeaning task, her mind recalled all the different 
pussys, she had seen and serviced, almost exactly like this. She still felt the
obstructions, still inside her own body. She hopped her owner would let her
remove then soon, but the sight of the belt that had 'baptized' her into her new
life, decided her to endure the slimy stuffed feelings yet a while longer.

From the smile on the woman's face she knew, she had achieved the edges of a
climax at her owner.

She immediately suctioned the thick thumb like sex bud between her teeth, and
sucked the organing woman, through three cums.

The woman staggered backwards on rubbery legs, and would of fallen down, but
Constance held the woman's ass cheeks tight so that her crotch stayed tight
against her face. Then she gently helped her owner to one of the rooms two
thickly padded chairs.

It took Miriam a while to recover from her orgasm. Finally she gained her center
again and stood up. She went to the closet and began setting up a video camera
directly before the straight backed heavy wooden chair. After she had things
arranged as she wanted, she motioned for her naked lesbian slave girl to rise
up, from her knees, and sit down in the chair, facing the video camera. Then she
dropped a galvanized bucket in front of the chair.

Miriam then began to secure her new toy in the chair. When she felt the girl was
secured at the neck and waist, she reached down and raised the girls left knee
and secured it to the chair's left arm, causing the girls sex to be partially
open. Going to the girls right side she secured the right knee the same as the
left. Now, with both knees opened and securely held up and back, the plugged sex
and ass hole just naturally came into view.

Miriam then ordered,

"Reach in and scoop that shit out of them holes. That stuff has served its
purpose. Did that niggar bitch fuck open your tight little ass hole of your's
like I asked her too?"

While she was speaking, Connie began sticking her fingers inside herself and
removing the smashed pulverized remains of the vegetable matter plugs she had
harbored soo long. It took a long time and Constance was not certain that she
had her vagina totally free of the remains of the squash that had soo long
resided there, but her fingers just couldn't remove anymore.

"Yes maum!" Connie answered.

She looked up into the amused eyes of her owner who went on,

"That woman's a treasure ... a real treasure .. And just look at all the stuff,
she put into you to keep you open just to show me she done her job. Woman sure
loves her job. Well enough of that .. Now we're gonna make a little tape so that
folks around here don't raise a fuss at your little disappearance. OK?"

Connie looked up at the woman who through the beating of her body a short while
ago had taught the girl she was now a sex slave. Connie did not want to make
video tape .. like this with all her female parts hanging out for anyone who
viewed the tape to ogle, but she had no choice.

Miriam set up an easel just behind the camera's lens.

"All you have to do is read this off the cards. We'll do a dry run first .. OK?"

Constance looked at the 'script' and grew more apprehensive with each line she
read, but she forced herself to read on.

"OK! Enough of that silent shit, you read it out loud ... from the top .. NOW!" 

Miriam demanded.

Connie began hesitantly,

"I, um  .. Constance ____ have found out .. through some recent .. events that I
am .. a depraved um .. sex slut. In encounters with numerous .. stiff dicks ..
and OH! GOD! juicy pussies, that .. further normal schooling .. would be a waist
of time. So I have .. OH! GOD no .. surrended myself to wonderful cruel .. bull
dyke! to complete my .. 'education' as a lesbian .. oh please no!"

Constance broke down sobbing and could not go with the reading.

"Go on with the read through or should I" Miriam demanded flexing the belt.

Seeing the alternative Connie forced herself to go on.

"She has denuded my head, body, sex and legs, as you can plainly see."

(Miriam now interjected,

"As you speak those lines, you are to reach up under those little titties of
your's and make like you are offer them up to the lens. .. slut like .. and make
the rings twirl .. OK? You know .. Then after that reach down, with both your
hands and spread open you're little, pussy lips, looking down at each part, as
you call the camera's attention to it, and smile as you perform.)

Constance in tears continued,

"All this talking .. about my .. OH! God! .. future has gotten me HOT .. so I
think I'll just show you how much of a .. NO Please no .. hot bitch I am .. with
my new owner's permission .. of course."

"Please don't make me do this .." Connie begged.

"Quit the sniveling and go on but now look directly at me ... position your
index finger over .. but do not touch your clit ... and hold that position
awaiting my command. If I give you permission .. you will smile at me .. turn to
the camera and begin to masturbate while going on. Or we can use this (holding
up the belt ready to strike) and then do it anyway .. after you decide to do it. 

Sobbing Constance again took up the script as demanded.

"If she gives me permission .. "

"She has given me permission. Now I can masturbate .. that's beat off to your
other sluts watching this."

With the permission given the sex slave did her tiny sex but and then grabbed
her left nipple with her left hand and began twisting it to increase her rising
cum, all the while dividing her staring from the camera's lens and the flint
like frowning face of her owner.

"DO NOT COME!" Miriam ordered.

Constance sobbed and slowed her masturbation technique, all the while pleading
with her eyes for permission to cum.

"Finally the little sex slut sees what she needs." Miriam commented all the
while Constance was slowly stroking her clit.

Connie was in such need that nothing else mattered.

Miriam let fly her belt and caught both of her slave's vulnerable titties.

At this Constance went over the edge, and the sky opened! This her first CUM for
her Mistress's belt, over came all feelings of shame, and anxiety that she had
been having, at reading the script of her life before and her life's future to
the camera. Her whole being felt as if it was totally vanquished. All because
her owner had slashed a belt across her tits causing a massive cum, the like of
which the slave had never experienced in her whole life.

While she sat there in the tremendous after glow / horrific pain she passed from
consciousness to unconsciousness.

Seeing that a break was needed, Miriam went up stairs, and ate a simple repast.
Then she took up her computer and rewrote her initial script for her new toy's
first video. When she was done and happily fed, she again went down stairs to
direct her slave's first video performance.

Taking up a bucket of cold water, she drenched the unconsciousness girl saying,

"OK! Now your nasty little cum's out of the way, let's try it again, from the
top ... This time you will do the whole thing, without any of the hysterics you
did last time. Further this time you will exhibit, the proper slut feelings of a
true filthy little sex slave, for the camera, or this time, I'll slap those
little titties with my 'persuader' not once, but till they become as flat as two
pancakes. OK? Good now commence your reading .. and it better be good."

With aching breasts, from before, and still feeling the fluttering of butter
flies in her belly, the little sex slave realized, this time she was going to
have to do the reading, with the proper feelings acted out. That or get the
nasty belt on her poor little boobies, again, and this time till they could be
really damaged. That hurt her to even think about it. So Connie whipped her
nose, looked up into the camera lens. She noticing the red lights were on,
indication the tape, in the camera, was running, recording her performance. But
she realized, she had to do it, so she began to read her new lines .. with
feeling .. 

"I, Constance ____ have found out, through many of my recent experiences, that
my real calling, in this life, is to be a nasty depraved little sex slut for all
of you out there.

In previous encounter, after encounter, I have emptied numerous stiff dicks,
with my cunt's holes, my mouth and my hands. It was then I realized I have a
preference in sex, for juicy, smelly, pussies cracks.

Because of this I realize, further normal schooling, like I have encountered
before, would be a waist of valuable time, for me.

For these reasons, I have gone ahead and surrender myself, to a wonderful, and I
truly hope, a cruel bull dyke! As you can see, as a first step, to my total
surrender to her, she has taken her valuable time, denuding my body totally of
its hair. Then, as you can plainly see, with my acquiescence, she placed her
decorative rings, I now proudly wear in my nose, ears, nipples, and cunt lips.

(At this point, Constance began the offering and jiggling of her red striped
tits to the camera's view, to show the rings there, just as she had been
instructed previously and she went on.)

"Now that I am truly decorated and prepared as the depraved sex slut I hope to
become, she informs me we are ready to proceed with my training. OH! If you have
any ideas on how to help me proceed or truly depraved acts you wish to see ..
please contact us and we will work through it with you. No act or deed will be
discarded .. OK? So Please sent my Mistress your ideas."

"For give me! All this sexie talking about me, my past, present and hopes for my
future doings, has gotten me soo HOT .. That I think, I'll just have to show
you, how much of a hot bitch, I really am .. so with my new owner's permission
.. of course, I want to beat off for your amusement."

Constance reached down, spread her labia, hunched forward in order to show all
the territory of her long pink slit and its openings and dangling rings. Then
she positioned her right hand over her stiff little sex bud, and her left hand's
fingers around the stiff left nipple. Here she froze, awaiting permission from
her owner, to masturbate her now totally owned body. Seemingly she was doing
this disgusting act for the amusement, of her owner and the camera that was 
recording her actions for future audiences. She looked longingly over to where
her owner sat smiling, and waited for permission perform the normally intimate
private act, publicly for the first time.

Miriam hesitated, causing consternation on her slave's lovely face. She liked
the changes, she had made in the script, and her slave's new found enthusiasm
showed.

This hesitation, demonstrated to the slave, and the future video audiences, that
her will, not that of the slave's was required to even start this formally
private act, by the lowly slave, on even her own body.

At the smiling nod from her owner, the slave broke out in a broad smile of her
own, and commenced to furiously performing her formally intimate actions, on her
body's sex points, for her video audience but most of all .. for her Mistress.

"She has given me permission to masturbate .. She is so wonderful! .. That's
beat off of my little buzzer, to your other sluts out there watching this. So
please watch me, and enjoy."

Constance cried out as her face and naked body got progressive more red from
execration, and the impending cum.

"OH! OH! I just wish you could smell me and my cunt. Oh what a hot bitch, I have
become from my experiences and when I beat off like this .. OH! It feels so
good. For those of you, out there, watching this I can tell ya, my cunt, right
now, kind of takes on the odor of a smelly old cat box, only better, oh so much
sexier. I hope you will appreciate that insite."

Along with the odor, Constance's innards started to seize up. Her body was in
its preparations for giving her, poor owned body one gigantic, second CUM!

Through her passion clouded eyes, she gazed over at her now acknowledged owner. 
Visually she began begging for the permission needed for the approaching
gigantic cum.

Miriam, this time wanted to demonstrate for the tape, and her slave, her total
control. She shook her head refusing to give her permission for Connie to cum.

A desperate Connie tried to slow down her beating off of her clit .. that helped
to forestall her impending cum .. for a while.

Another thought occurred to her so instead of fondling her breast with her left
hand, she began pinching her left little stiff nipple really, really HARD.

The slower beat and the pain of her nipple postponed her cum .. for a while.

But the continued clit and tit manipulation kept, the new sex slave, physically
stimulated, to the max, and she was on the ragged edge of here limits.
Inte4rnally she felt herself inevitably coming to the crevice, slowly but
surely, but still her owner denied her.

"Please Mistress ... May I .. CUM?" the slave begged desperately.

Till Miriam ordered, in voice from off camera,

"NO! STOP!"

After a moment of disbelief, the slave tore both of her hands away from the
manipulations of her body, as ordered. The slave's whole body burned from need
of that impending CUM! But she dare not do the needed actions, less her owner
use the belt, again. To help herself, Connie held her hands straight out from
her body .. awaiting her mistresses next order.

"I don't believe you are juicy enough! Cram all of the fingers of your right
hand into that gaping maw of yours."

Miriam demanded after seemingly many minutes.

A desperate Constance, egar to please, joined the four fingers of her right hand
into a bunch and stuffed then into the foaming, flowing river of goo drooling
from her vagina, as she had been ordered.

"GOOG BITCH! Now withdraw them, from there, and lick the smelly stuff off them."

Her owner demanded.

Constance did as ordered.

She had, of course, smelled her body's scent before, when she was excited. (Then
it had been the source of great embarrassment lest anyone else 'smelled her
excitement'.) But she had never smelled / tasted her own flavor so strong as she
licked the goo up from her fingers. She could feel her vaginal fluid rolling
down over her exposed perineum more than ever befor. 

"Quick! Use your other hand, the same way, and again lick up that filthy mess."

Miriam ordered.

Instead of the humongous cum she wanted, Constance found herself, made to mop up
her own spendings from her nasty crotch. 

Even using both hands, the degrading mopping up, and consuming of her smelly
essence, took some time.

Miriam just sat there, watching her slave degrade her self, on camera, but all
ways under her orders.

When she grew tired of watching, she rose, went behind the chair, and released
her slave's neck, and waist from their bonds.

When she was free Miriam pushed her slave to her knees, careful to position her
still inside the video frame. Then she wheeled a large comfortable stool before
the girl, and seated herself on it.

"Before you even think of a cum, now or ever in the future, you will cause me at
least one ... or more, so get to it bitch. If ond only if I am satisfied will
you be allowed to cum."

Miriam had been careful to keep her face above the video frame, guaranteeing
only a naked Connie's face was being recorded.

Finding herself in a familiar position the sex slave reached up, and began
'helping' her owner remove her slacks, and then the panties, in preparation for
her to perform cungulilius on her owner's sex organs.

Miriam, after the removal and careful folding, of her panties, sat back down,
spread out her legs and forced the girls face to mate for the first time with
her naked crotch. The neatly trimmed pussy was greatly appreciated by the new
sucker about to get into it.

Constance stuck her tongue into the vagina, she knew would be servicing for the
rest of her life, for the first time. She found that the taste of this woman was
stronger than her own.

After a few minutes licking inside the hole, Mirium's hands, gripping the slaves
ear rings. A firm yank, decoupled the slaves face from her crotch. Miriam held
the slaves denuded head above her own soft creamy thighs, so that the camera
could get some good footage of this historic mating.

"Now my nasty little slut, I'll explain something to you .. You are to 'french
kiss' my ass hole, every time I allow you this privilege, till I give you
permission to stop .. So let's start this again .. Shall we?"

Miriam patiently explained to the disembodied grotesque disembodied head
sticking up between her thighs.

A greatly embarrassed Constance understood, what was required and when the legs
imprisoning her head parted, again, she ducked under the woman's odor emanating
crotch, seeking with her tongue, to do the humiliating deed required.

When she found the woman's most private hole she began to rapidly lava it with
rapid tongue strokes. 

"Slow down! Go slowly at first! Like the first kiss you had with all of your
female lovers. Sexy, but with very little contact .. Good! Now a long passionate
kiss, for a long familiar lover .. Good! .. Now and only now get that tongue
darting all in and around the whole grommet .. OK! .. Now roll up that tongue
and use it to thrust it up inside there. OK! Like that .. but next time you will
show more passion, I'm sure .. but go on, and keep this thrusting up till you
feel me .. Oh Oh .. that's it .. like that  .. OH! GOD! .. UMMMMM!"

Constance felt her owner shutter .. then a gush of female goo splattered on her
chin. All the while her tongue was swirling deep inside her owner's ass .. She
then knew she had made her owner experience the first lesbian cum of their
relationship. She realized she had had to sink soo low, but she had accomplished
her goal. Now she hopped she could rest, and withdrew her tired tongue.

SWAP

The belt, wielded by her owner, Miriam, slashed downward across her naked back.

"Don't slow down! You our not done! You dirty slut! You don't ever stop, my
bitch, till I tell your to. Go on .. I'm going to enjoy multiple orgasms, and
you're going to provide me that. Any true woman does."

Miriam ordered, then she began tugging her slave by her ear rings, forcing her
slaves face back and forth, working all around her ass grommet again, but this
time from a below orentation.

The tired tongued slave, went back to work but this time, without the view of
her owners vagina. Her eyes now saw up the long straight back bone or her owner.
All the while this action was being captured on the video camera's tape.

Her mistress let Connie go on and on tonguing, her ass hole, taking at random
opportunities, at her whim the opportunity, to lean down and twist a defenseless
nipple while calling out,

"Deeper you bitch! Stick that tongue in deeper!"

Poor Constance's tongue felt, at times, as if the ass grommet would tear it from
its delicate roots in her mouth, but she tried her best to satisfy her new
owner.

 Finally tiring of the ass tonguing Miriam lifted her ass up and let poor Connie
straighten her aching neck.

Handing her slave a brown plastic bottle the Mistress ordered,

"Gargle with this and then spit it into the bucket."

Feeling lower than she ever had in her life the slave did as ordered, and when
she had accomplished the task assigned, she heard,

"Now go to my buzzer and get me OFF!"

Sensing an end to this exhausting service Constance hastened to capture the
thumb like organ and while holding it gently between her teeth began flicking it
with her exhausted tongue.

The sex in the slave's face commenced to vibrating, then shuttering, and finally
stiffened with a copious discharge of girley cum over her cheeks and forehead.

Still the slave persisted and she managed to give her owner two more cums before
she heard the command.

"STOP!"

Again the sex that she now lived to service was denied her by the expedient of
of pushing on her forehead by her owners right foot.

Connie fell back onto the floor and stayed there awaiting some command hopping
to die.

With another word her owner left the depressed sex slave on the floor.

The slave spent the next twelve hours cold, naked on the dungeon's hard wooden
floor, while her sated owner went up stairs to enjoy her massive feathered bed.

To continue?




That Thursday it was overcast, cold, and damp. A sharp blustery wind that cut
right through your clothes, like a knife added to the discomfort you felt.

Setting in the warm cab of his van, the Farmer smiled as he watched his three
little pigs, rapidly divesting themselves of their school uniforms outside in
the  parking lot. Shivering as they dropped their garments to the ground, beside
the van's side door, they then stood, hands behind them with their legs spread.

When they were all standing up straight, with their hands behind their backs,
shivering, totally NAKED! his smile broadened. As they shuttered, with their
labia tags, their only clothing, shifting in the cutting breeze, he felt a glow
of ownership.

Yes his herd was a source of great pleasure not to mention profit to him, and
these small ones were typical of his animals, small, compact and obedient.

The naked pigs knew they had to just stand there shivering, waiting for him to
push the button for the van's side door to slide open and let them in.

Relaxing in the driver's seat, observing his three little cock sucker pigs, like
the proud owner he was, the Farmer's dick twitched. He had had no problems with
this lot for a long time. Amused he watched as the three pairs of nipples seemed
to explode from the small developing, shaking, breasts.

Suddenly they all heard, from across the parking lot,

"What the hell are you girls doing there? You girls .. STOP THAT THIS INSTANT."

Self-consciously the three shivering pigs grabbed up their removed uniforms,
tried to cover their naked bodies and turned. There they observed an advancing
teacher, hastily approaching from across the parking lot. Nervously, then they
turned back to the van, seeking guidance.

The Farmer pushed the remote button that slid back the van's side door, and
ordered them,

"Get in! Just like you normally do. Pay no attention to the bitch."

Fearing punishment, the naked pigs clamored inside the van's metal body on
their knees and quickly placed all their garments in the waiting paper bags,
like they had had to do every Thursday since they were inducted into
the Farmer's cock sucker pig herd. Then kneeling in the van facing the rear,
they placed their hands behind their backs, they spread their knees, and adopted
the required pose, staring at the back door, awaiting his further orders.

As the denuded pigs obediently waited, they heard again,

"STOP! What are you girls doing in that van? You com ..."

The Farmer had exited the driver's seat, rounded the van body, and
come up beside the bellowing woman. He extended the industrial
strength cattle prod, and touched the back of woman's exposed fat red neck.

"ZZZ"

The electrical current sizzled and easily subdued the woman. It worked just
like turning off a light switch.

The woman's twitching body dropped forward, and wound up, half inside the van,
and half on the tarmac.

He ordered,

"Drag the bitch inside!"

The naked pigs hastened to obey.

Then from outside the van he ordered,

" ... Good! .. Now strip her naked! .. Good .. Now secure the fat carcass in the
breeding frame. .. Quickly!" the farmer observed from his position, standing
beside the van looking in on his obedient animals. He had a dead line to meet,
to begin the day's servicing of the now waiting customers at the farmers market
but this 'little detail' had to be dealt with.

While the pigs denuded the subdued teacher, and went about placing her
unresisting carcass over the folding frame in the rear of the van, he policed
up her pocket book, and ambled back around to the van's driver seat door. He
again activated the remote, and the door slid shut.

As he drove to the Sty in the farmer's market yard for another afternoon of
profit from his cock sucking pigs, in the van's rear view mirror, he kept an eye
on them to assure, they were following his orders.

The now naked older woman was quickly secured, face down over the now opened
frame by a metal ring that encircling her neck. Then the rack's fold out base
'wings' were raised. This spread the woman's bony knees wide apart, effectively
securing spread open her fat cunt labia. The fat cunt was now secure and totally
opened for whatever use he wanted to put it to.

He handed the naked pigs two long plastic wire ties. They captured the
nude woman's wrists behind her back with the first, and with the second
tie, they attached the woman's joined wrist tie, to the metal collar
securing her neck to the frame.

The woman's moaning began to unnerve the pigs, so the Farmer easily
reached over the seat, directed the cattle prod through the naked woman's
defenseless cunt to her tail bone . Then he zapped her again.


"ZZZ"

She convulsed but gave no further trouble. The pigs assumed their normal
position and the ride went on as usual except the view was different today.

When he parked his van in his usual space, he exited the cab, and
went around to the van's back door. He opened it and grabbed the
recovering woman's hair and shoved a large ring gag inside her unresisting
mouth. This effectively wedging her jaws wide open. He picked
up a large pink plastic dildo, from the van's dirty floor, and ordered the
nearest pig, Gretta,

"CUNT!"

She quickly turned around, spread her legs, reached back and spread
her ass cheeks, so wide it hurt. (She had previously tried to just hold her ass
cheeks open loosely. She had been 'corrected', harshly, so that now she knew to
pull her cheeks apart till it hurt.)

Her gaping teen cunt reluctantly took the long fat dildo. But he forced it deep
inside her defenseless hole.

He sawed it in and out a few times, to insure Gretta was lubricating it, and
then pulled the dummy out of her depth.

In one fluid motion, he stuck the now well-lubricated thing, into the
gaping maw, that had been the teacher's petite mouth. A wide strip of duck
tape, secured the dummy inside her oral cavity. He picked up a dirty 
cloth bag, and cover the teacher's head. Drawing the bags string tight, he tied
a pretty bow, and knew he had now, effectively the problem was dealt. A
temporary potential problem solved.

He slammed the van's back door, and rounded to the van's side, opened the door,

"All right little piggies, out and get to your sty. You have cocks to suck ..
just like every other Thursday."

He ordered. Then as the little naked pigges, quickly got to their stys, he
closed the sliding side door and locked it and its cargo securely.

Cautiously all the naked pigs exited the van, and rushed to their normal stys
for the afternoon's sucking without a word. They did not offer any resistance or
comment on the nude teacher now residing in the breading frame.

As the naked pigs passed by him to get to their work places, like the proud
owner he was, he could not resist, running his dirty fingers over the soft
smooth pulchritude of their exposed female parts.

It was soo nice to own soft comely female bodies like these, he thought to
himself, as Jean's stiff nipple, slipped through his fingers.

When the animals necks were secured to their holding stakes, and all his pigs
were kneeling up naked in their working stys, awaiting their customers, he went
to the ticket booth where he collected the sucking fees.

The waiting line, of horny swinging dicks were all ready there, all stiff and
ready for a warm wet sucking hole to spew in.

AHHH! What a business!

During slow periods, through the afternoon's business, he looked over the
subdued teacher's drivers license and other things.

Her name was Correta Dobbs. She was 40 year's old, and weighed in at
200 pounds. For a woman 5 foot 4 inches, that was FAT! Not pleasingly
plump .. FAT.

Through the 'work' period, he left her secured in the 'breeding frame' as he
went about his normal routine, selling the services of his current pigs as usual
for a farmer's market. Then at the end of the market, when the old man who ran
the market came over for his customary 'fuck', the Farmer lead him to the van's
side door. Opened it and showed the horny male the waiting, available, abundant
female nude, secured there in .. just for him.

The corpulent, up turned, obvious female sex, was very agreeable to the
old timer. The horny man got in the van, crawled up to the spread open cunt, on
his knees, dropped his bib overall's suspenders to the van's floor. He never
wore under ware, so all he had to do then, was to centered his member in front
of the spread open cunt hole, or ass hole if he desired, and lean forward.

A soft pillow between the stretched out female knees, facilitated the man's
easy entry to the spread open but dry female sex.

The man leaned over the broad bent female back, docked slightly with the
displayed cunt, grabbed two hand's full of tits, and then fully pierced the
tight dry grommet, in one mighty thrust. The docking thus secured with the now
palpating orifice, the old fucker hastily went about beginning his sawing in and
out of the shocked now shaking female captive's sex under his old fat belly.

Miss Dobbs, who had previously been trying to free herself from the 'breeding
frame' for a long time, suddenly she felt her precious, long unpenetrated,
vagina, squired, and her big fat tits being milked and twisted.

A DICK!! A horrible strange dick, without even a word of warning to prepare her,
had begun fucking her unwilling hole with wild abandon. She was horrified, and
tried her captive best to resist.

But no matter how hard she tried, the remorseless, withered stiff dick just went
about seeking its own pleasure. When ever she managed to twist away, slightly,
form the long strokes the damn dick liked, the grasping hands holding her
breasts twisted and squeezed them.

She quickly got the message, and got her hole back into a submissive receiving
position.

Soon she her sore tits convinced her to give up resisting entirely, and just lay
there waiting for the blessed squirting that would signal this night mare fuck
was over. But the old man had an enlarged prostate, and so it took forever to
get the man's stabbing organ to shoot its load.

During the degrading act, the old man sweat profusely, adding to the woman's own
sweaty back. Through the ordeal, his pistoning weight threatened to break her
back or neck, through the session, but it didn't.

Suddenly, the captive naked female's cunt spasmed, despite the woman's revulsion
at her bodies reaction, and she came! But the sawing went on and on!

While all this was going on, the Farmer unhurriedly went about his tasks of
closing up the sty's and collected his naked little cock sucker pigs. Then he
loaded his animals into the van, behind the coupling pair.

There the pigs knelt, in silence, and watched and awaited, for the end of the
breeding session. Each of them was glad that, today, one of their number did not
have to stretch over the breading frame, and accommodate the horny old fucker.

Each remembered their own disgusting time under the heavy sweating old man's
weight as he sawed into them. 

Finally the three pairs of eyes perceived the withered old butt, shake and
clench, signaling that the blessed squirt of the old man's cream was going into
the naked teacher's cunt. This having occurred, they knew they would soon be on
their way home.

Wearily the old man rested over the heaving female back. Then, after giving the
tits one final twist, he undocked with the still spasming open female sex, and
crawled out of the van, remarking,

"Like that 'un'! Lot's of meat 'er! Bring that one back next week. OK?"

Then the old man, stood up, turned slightly, exposing his wet shrinking organ to
the waiting pigs. One of the pigs, Jean, knowing what was required, caught the
disgusting thing in her experienced mouth, sucked it in and cleaned it. After
that, the old man pulled up his dirty overalls, crawled out of the van, and
staggered away to close up the fields many concessions and no doubt collect
other gratituadys.

The recovering Coretta began, to feebly, again try to work her way, free of the
frame.

The Farmer ordered,

"Suck up the mess leaking out of that cunt, before it drips down, ruining the
van's carpeting!"

As Eddie, was the closest pig, she slid forward, positioned her mouth to the
dripping cunt, and commenced licking up the old mans spunk, now oozing out of
the recent used cunt. She did not dare to object or try to get out of the
servicing of the teacher's recently used cunt.

All the pigs had recent experience in cunt sucking, but most of their customary
fair were cunts, that had been devoid of recent, still warm, foaming man cream,
leaking back out. The pigs had been conditioned, to fresh sperm from their now
customary Thursday 'job', but the combination of man and woman cum together was
new. Eddie did not like the combination, but she knew better than to complain.

While the designated little pig sucked the teacher's cunt, all the woman's
attempts at escaping the frame, cease.

He got in, and drove his animals back to their school parking lot.

Back at the now deserted school parking lot, the Farmer let the naked pigs, get
out. Each of them holding the paper bag, containing their school uniforms, so
that they could get dressed, when he allowed them. Only then could them go home.

Strictly for instructional purposes, he had the naked pigs stand, spread legged,
tags blowing in he breeze, with their bags between their legs and observe his
actions.

The Farmer entered the back of the van with two large fluted butt plugs in his
right hand. Inside the hollowed out area, of each plug was a super absorbent
tampon. In his left hand he held a large mouth plastic jug of ordinary, off the
shelf extra hot, pepper sauce.

He bathed the butt plugs individually and screwed the first one into the
'mounted' woman's ass hole. As the thing entered the resisting hole, the woman
tried to resist normally, but suddenly the sauce commenced its attack in the
woman's most private hole. When the apex of the plug passed the anal grommet,
the thing slid the rest of the way inside guaranteeing it was there to stay.

The naked woman commenced to shrieking and gyrating to the best of her limited
ability like she was possessed by an internal demon.

The Farmer tied a rope around the fat woman's twisting waist, leaving a 'tail'
that hanged down the spasming ass crack. He threaded the rope 'tail' through the
loop on the end of the embedded plug, and the loop on this plug still in his
hand. Next he inserted the second treated butt plug in the woman's open now
licked clean vagina. As it too caught fire from the hot sauce, he secured the
rope tightly to the rope like belt around the woman's waist.

Each of the naked pigs, that formed the audience, for this action, winced at the 
imagined burning pain that must be occurring in the woman's crotch holes. In
their own minds, each of them resolved to never give their owner, any cause to
plug their hole like this poor retch.

Without saying a word the Farmer exited the van, turned and ran his right hand
over the three pairs of totally denuded labia kneeling there with their eyes
wide. Then he casually looked over their tag I.D.'s inspecting the cunts at his
command.

Not one of the naked pig moved, or tried to close up their legs during his
'inspection'. Each cute little face, snearedd with male cum, showed only a
frozen smile. They all knew that their owner was entitled to free access to
their crotches, their labia tag, or for that matter, any other part of their
body, at any time. His point made, he turned and without a word to his animals,
and walked around the van to the drivers door.

As he rounded the van, he waved his hand, casually, signaling the animals that
they could get dressed now and go home. None of them moved. The pigs stood still
there, NAKED waiting, in the biting cold, till he drove off. Only then did they
began to dress. Not a word had been spoken, but a lesion, probably the most
impressive lesion of their young lives had been imparted, and they would
remember this lesion forever.

The Farmer drove leisurely back to his farm, despite the shrieking, gyrating
naked female body, held captive, in the breeding frame behind him. The woman's 
whole being was concentrated on the intense burning inside the holes in her
crotch.

(For years, following this, just the sight of one of his fluted butt plugs, 
would bring back this eternity of burning in her crotch. The Farmer's merest
suggestion, would be readily agree to. Anything required of the woman or the
pigs would seem trivial after this.)

When he arrived at the farm, he released Miss Dobbs from the frame, lead the
bowl legged, staggering, naked woman for a long nice dip, into the depilatory
troth. Then after a time to insure the chemical had its required period of work,
he washed her down with a cold water from his hose. As she shuttered he removed
her rope chastity belt. When the plugs slipped out, he flushed the visually red
raw holes with cold water. The grateful teacher would of licked his dirty ass
hole, by then to thank him for the removal of the things that had been burning
her innards. He picked up the devices, rinsed them off, and pretended to reload
them with new dry tampons.

The naked woman began to cry, and knelt right there in the dirt behind the barn.
If her mouth had been free of the gag, she would of pledged her soul to keep the
things from being repositioned.

Amused the Farmer offered,

"You seemingly don't want me to reposition these?"

Corretta knelt at his feet and nuzzled his legs despite the dark, cold dampness.

"Well I don't know. I mean you did try to inter fear with my livelihood. The
rental, of the services of those pigs, is what I use for pocket change. I do not
allow anything, to interfere with that. So from your current attitude, I can
assume you will never do that again?"

Miss Dobbins shook her head up and down vehemently. She knew now, that if she
had foreseen the consequences of her actions, she would have held the door open
for her naked students to enter the van and helped him in any way she could.

"If I knew I could trust you .. Naa I should .."

He appeared to be internally deliberating, weather to let her go, or .. She did
not want to know.

In order to influence his decision, she wormed her way forward, and commenced to
rubbing her soft naked breasts up and down his legs. With this she hoped to show
her willingness to do anything, to avoid further experiences with those horrid
plugs, at this man's hands.

"Well you would have to do some things for me. Do you agree?"

Again the violent head shaking showing the surrender of her will to his.

"Well my reverse directory, shows the house, where you live is not your own. Is 
this correct?"

Again the naked creature at his feet signaled her unqualified agreement, by
shaking her head.

"So you have a roommate?"

This time the naked creature at his feet indicated 'no'.

"A Land lady then?"

The nude woman signaled 'yes'.

"What say we visit the dear lady, and you will deliver, her to me for some of my
games .. OK?"

Corretta did not know what, that entailed but as long it did not entail, those
horrible things being again inserted into her crotch holes, she would help in
any way possible.

Smiling down on the now subservient creature at his feet he suddenly felt horny.

He loosed his sex organ and positioned it before the creature's wide eyes.

"As a sign of your good faith, and because I want to feel what your big lesbian
lips can do on my crotch and dick, I going to unplug your cake hole for my
servicing, and only that. ONE WORD! Just one and I will make you the sorriest
cunt their ever was. UNDERSTAND ME?"

Corretta had never been forced to 'service' a man's organ with her mouth. As a
life long lesbian, she had steadfastly steered a path away from such nasty
things, but the alternative now was beyond her capacity to endure. She signaled
'yes' and knew that she would do whatever this fiend wanted her to do to avoid
those plugs. Delivering her partner .. well if he wanted her .. he could have
her .. only her own body mattered now. The memory of those burning things inside
her was soo vivid that she'd agree to anything .. now!

Rippp

The tape was torn off her lower face and the prod secured there, withdrawn.

"Now to show your good faith you will lick the wondrous organ before your mouth,
in fact why not give my whole crotch, a nice long soothing tongue bath. You
lesbians have such talented tongues .. I hear. .. Well .. come .. come .. Don't
keep your owner waiting."

The fat naked matron reluctantly bent herself to the onerous task that would
help her avoid those plugs. She closed her eyes pretending in her mind that it
was one of her previous lesbian lovers, but the maleness smell kept reminding
her, she was servicing a MALE!

She worked diligently, but to avoid retching, had to stop many times.

Seeing she was torturing herself into doing the task slowly, the Farmer let her
continue, amused at the prospect of converting this lesbian female into a good
huge cock sucker pig for the porno store 'glory hole' trade.

He knew she would hate every minute of her service at a 'glory hole' but that
was the fun of his herding now. The little pigs were fine for the farmer's
market duty, but they had school etc for their day times, for the longer, 12 to
14 hour shifts, at the glory holes, you needed a meatier class of female sucking
mouths. With the new stock he could spell his other adult pigs. Maybe he could
even have them keep this one and others like her working shorter hours so that
they could be sucking at top efficiency.

At the thought of this, all the possibilities of expanding his business 
suddenly his stiff organ began twitching, indicating the need of an impending
spewing.

Quickly he reached down, and forced the naked bitch's held oval lips to adsorb,
all of his stiff now pulsating member. In one stab when the organ reached the
tight throat, the gag reflex, though unwilling, contracted around his dick head.

This triggered the copious spew to erupted. Unhindered, by any obstructions, the
white foaming man cream, found its way directly down into the heaving female
stomach despite her gagging at the unaccustomed fair now flowing down into her
stomach.

To assure no loss of man cream, he grabbed the naked female's head and held it
tightly to his belly. The maximum amount of the spunk went into the naked
woman's belly. When he was satisfied, with his cum, his bladder reared its need,
so he withdrew his member slightly till it was just inside the ring gag, resting
on the female tongue, and ordered,

"Now I'm going to provide and you are going to drink from the fountain .. or
else .. "

A choking Corretta was not at all happy with the man cream that had been
deposited in her belly. But the 'or else', in the Farmer's comment convinced her
she was to wait, trust up, naked, on her knees, with his dick in her held open
mouth. Suddenly, a short spurt of bitter warm liquid pored into her mouth,
letting her know that, now she was going to have to drink, bile, from the fleshy
man fountain.

In hopes this was it, she managed to swallow the initial spurt of the bitter
yellow fluid. But hopes that it was all over were dashed as yet, another spurt
of bile, filled her mouth. Again she quickly swallowed, hopping that this was
the end. Another spurt etc. .. etc..

It took a lot of control on his part, but this urination method, in her oral
cavity, insured she would have this taste, in her mouth for a very long time.

Being a lesbian, she would dread any dick before her face, but this taste in her
mouth would be particularly abhorrent.

In her future servicing of dicks, one that would just cum and withdraw would
actually be a relief. When the dick she had serviced just came in her mouth and
withdrew she know she had escaped the fluid from the bladder of her moouth
fucker.

He smiled down at her frightened eyes as he related,

"Now you are baptized. You are official a piss drinker. Remember that! If I want
you to, you will drink it up and hold it down. UNDERSTAND ME!"

The putrid load in her belly threatened to spew forth, till he picked up the dry
plug and made ready to soak it full of hot sauce. The heaving belly suddenly
went quiet.

The leash easily attached to the new fat pig's collar. She offered no resistance
as the Farmer lead her back to waiting the van. She offered no resistance as he
secured her to the breeding frame again.

The name of the home owner, in the reverse directory, had been familiar to him.
He wanted that bitch, so he set about acquiring this bitch, for my increasing
heard. If it was the bitch he thought she wass, she could do him some real good. 

When the van arrived at the house address, he released his new naked fat pig
from the frame and lead her unresisting body across the front lawn.

The pig was horrified and would never think he would lead her naked across the
lawn. But he did. It was night and the act of taken her back home, naked on a
leash amused him. She constantly hurried to the lighted front porch to help
avoid exposure to her respectable neighbors.

Using her keys he let them into the darkened house. It was not real late but
just before supper time.

From the master bathroom he could make out the sounds a female makes, wallowing
in her bath.

This would be a one bath the home owner, his enemy, would never forget.

The fat pig paused at the bathroom door. He freed her hands, and cautioned her
to remain absolutely silent.

Suddenly he forced opened the partially closed door, and sure enough, the skinny
little bitch, that had tried to give his pigs a problem, in their truancy when
he had them servicing customers.

With her eyes wide with fear, the naked woman in her bath, tried to cover her
tits with her hands, and slammed close her crotch, in order to protect her
precious nudity from the two intruders.

As she tried to open her mouth to scream. He pushed her head under the soapy
dirty water, then turned to his new pig and ordered,

"Keep her under till I tell you to let her up!"

The cattle prod in my hand guaranteed the new pig would do as he ordered.

The fat paws grabbed the struggling woman's head and kept it under the water, as
he stepped back watching in amusement.

Then he ordered,

"Let her up for a breadth, but if she screams run her under immediately."

The skinny, no tits, female's head emerged from the soapy dirty water sputtering
and grabbed a deep breadth. About half way through the breadth he ordered,

"Dunk her under again, and hold her there."

As she has sat up slightly this time, her tenant forcer her head down between
her legs.

The woman tried to lose the other female's hand grip holding her under, as he
informed the naked heaving back and wet hair,

"You want to struggle go ahead. We have all night, but you don't have the air
for that. Now I'm gonna let you up for a breadth again, but if you scream or
even try to speak, I'll have her hold you under LONGER! OK?"

He nodded and the pig, and she let her landlady's head emerge from the murky
water between her spread open legs.

Sputtering again the woman's face surfaced and she made the most of her
opportunity to breath.

"So we understand one another, put your own face under the water, while I
explain the facts of your new life to you. If you do it, she won't have to hold
you under. OK?"

Slowly the naked woman bent over and gently put her own face into the water and
waited.

"Keep your head under till I'm through instructing you. Now you are going to by
collared by your tenant, and then gagged. Any resistance and she will force your
head under for a LONG, LONG time. Now rise up .. no talking ... Take a deep
breadth .. stick your head under again .. and wait till I give you permission to
rise up again."

"OK! Collar the bitch! .. OK! .. Now this time while you rise your face I want
to see one large open mouth for your gag! OK! Up. .. Put in the ring first and
then the plug. .. Good! .. Now hands behind your back. Cuff her! Leash her! Now
get up and out of the tub. .. Good! .. I like a nice squeaky clean pig but this
one is too hairy for my tastes. Take the sows leash and lead her out to the van
.. She'll air dry soon enough."

The naked tenant, lead her wet shivering naked land lady out to the open van's
door. They both climbed in and Coretta fastened her land lady over the breading
frame to keep her safe. Then he lead his new pig back in the home to acquire
things of interest to him and close up the residence. The occupants would be
gone for a long time.

After her help Corretta thought she would be let go. She was mistaken. Still
naked, she too was secured to her former land lady's still wet back by her
collar. It was joined, to the collar holding her landlady to the breeder frame
by yet another plastic wire tie. Once he had the pair secured, they were taken
back to the farm's barn to be placed in individual stys.

Their training would begin the very next day.

-=-==-   -=-=-=-

The new pig had to been run through the depilatory troth first of cource.

Both of the females were very tired and scared when I arrived when the sun came
up. They were presented with two large headed, red dildos, and ordered to
masturbate their cunts every time the alarm went off. If they failed to perform
the required task they received a shock to their necks.

The Farmer watched the recruits through two cycles to assure they masturbated to
completion. (This exercise was required to loosen up the long unused holes of
the two lesbians.)

About noon time the Farmer returned and together with his animal, viewed the
video records of their exercised. His criticism was punctuated with his ever
handy cattle prod. Then he ordered, 

"You are to carry on with this exercise till I come back .. OH and this time
spread the wealth .. Once in the cunt, and then the next time, do the thing in
your tight little ass."

The horrified expressions and the vehement verbal objections, were easily over
come with multiple applications of the cattle prod.

Once the pair were through a couple of reparations of the new exercise, the
Farmer went off to his daily chores with the admonition,

"I'll be back .. and we will all view the video records. Their will be
corrective criticism, and of course punishment, for lack of enthusiasm and
slacking off .. so a word to the wise .. FUCK THEM HOLES! AND REMEMBER! THOSE
NOW BELONG TO ME! And I want um fully operational soon."

While the huge head of the dildo was hard to force into the long unused vagina,
but forcing it into the tight little ass hole brought tears to the pigs eyes.

Seeing the difficulty they were having, the Farmer took the initiative and force
the things into the woman's most private holes the first time. After his brutal
insertion the pigs carried on to their cums with work women like concentration.

True they didn't cum with anal, manipulations, at first so he had to 'encourage'
them to strum their clits while fucking their ass holes. After a few reputations
of the exercise, he forbade the clit strumming and required the anal
masturbation to a cum by itself. As he instructed,

"I want a fully functioning anal, as well as a vaginal whore, so you both better
get with it. NOW!!"

Till they worked through a few anal cums, it was tough going. But in a few hours
with much grunting and sweating the pigs had their anal holes in working order.

After reviewing their work the Farmer, on the second run through, had each pig
critique the other's technique. This lead to much arguing and the finding of
many new flaws in technique, that even he would have let pass, the pigs in their
competition to find fault, caught each other in every flaw in their technique.
After the second exercises and the critique, the pigs were made to embark on yet
another odyssey of hole opening, with dildo.

This time the thoroughly fucked out piggies were tired of cuming and when the
critique was over the pigs fell into a deep, deep coma.

There was no objection as a thick butt plug with sharp teeth, extended, was
inserted into the pigs holes. These devices held all their work, where they had
opened them too today.

Tomorrow was another day and the pigs would be entertaining customers ..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





