BDSM Library - Hard Time For Anita




Hard Time For Anita
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Serving life imprisonment, innocent wife and mother Anita encounters a man from her past when she's is transferred to a different prison.Hard Time for Anita   
Ladyvet  
Their shackles made it difficult for Anita and the other women to climb down
  from the van. Their descent was further complicated by the chain between their
  shackled ankles fastened to manacles locked to their belly chains. The transport
  officers watched them negotiate the long step to the pavement without offering
  assistance. It didn't matter to them if an inmate fell. They were just cargo
  to pick up, transport and deliver. Anita stared though the two razor wire-topped
  fences at a world forever barred to her. She savored those brief minutes in
  the parking lot, knowing they would be the last she would ever spend so close
  to the Free World. The last woman carefully negotiated the final step from
  the van to the pavement. A transport officer handed a clipboard to the receiving
  officer and said, "We need a bucket and mop pusher. One of the stupid bitches
  puked in the van." The fact that she had she repeatedly begged them to stop
  because she was sick didn't matter. She was just cargo.  
Anita luxuriated in the bright sunlight and fresh air while the receiving
  officer locked their right ankles to a chain, then she walked in lock step
  into the relative darkness of the prison. Each chain-hobbled step took her
  farther from her husband and daughters and deeper into the world of loneliness,
  deprivation and abuse.  
Three loud knocks on his door broke Harvey Frankel's concentration. He closed
  the file and barked "enter!"  
"Sorry to bother you, Captain," his subordinate said apologetically. Everyone
  knew The Captain didn't like being disturbed when his door was closed. He might
  be with someone. The sergeant extended a clipboard and file folder to his Watch
  Commander. "We finally got the count to balance. We missed&hellip;" Frankel
  cut him off with an impatient shrug and pointed his jaw at the door. The man
  backed out and closed it behind him.  
Frankel sipped his lukewarm coffee and looked at the clock. Two-thirty a.m.
  Four and a half hours to shift change. Mid shift dragged sometimes. He thought
  about all the crap he got from friends and family about working for the Federal
  Bureau of Prisons. "You have a degree, for God's sake! You could get a real
  job, make serious money&hellip;" He defended his career choice by explaining
  that the work was steady, the security excellent and he felt he was doing something
  worthwhile. He couldn't divulge the real reason he liked his job so much.  
He opened the folder and leafed through the incoming inmates' files. "I love
  the War on Drugs," he thought happily. War casualties provided him with a steady
  supply of fine, reasonably clean women; most of whom would never have given
  him a second look in the Free World. Sure, some of the inmates were pretty
  nasty; strung out junkies, weight lifting carpet munchers or vicious, hard
  core, dangerous criminals but the majority of women who became his charges
  and playthings were everyday people who got screwed by the system, husbands,
  boyfriends, family members or total strangers cutting deals to get off lighter.
  Mandatory minimum sentencing produced a steady procession of victims serving
  outrageously long sentences without possibility of parole, which was unavailable
  in the Federal system. Sure, they could accrue up to 54 days of good time per
  year if they kept their noses perfectly clean but that was only a fifteen percent
  reduction in sentence. A twenty-year sentence meant at least seventeen years
  in a cage and natural life guaranteed that they'd die inside.  
He glanced at their mug shots and the notations on the women's personnel
  brief sheets in search of prey, putting aside those who were to old, too ugly
  or too violent. The information defining their existence within the system
  was minimal, cold and impersonal. He found four likely candidates.  
[75512-063 Mays, Jaqueline AKA Jackie] &ndash; [Caucasian] - [28] &ndash; [married
  / 2 children] &ndash; [high school] &ndash; [sales] &ndash; [first conviction/
  federal / possession, non-violent &ndash; 10 years] She was new to the system.
  She'd probably be scared shitless. There was no way to know how she'd react
  to pressure. She could be either a good or bad prospect. She might want someone
  like him on her side to do little things for her. On the other hand, she might
  freak out and do something stupid when he started working on her. Some of them
  reacted that way. He looked at her picture and decided to let her acclimate
  for a while before approaching her.  
[82312-102 Symmons, JoLeen AKA Josie]&ndash; [black] - [24] &ndash; [single
  / 3 children] &ndash; [GED] &ndash; [no occupation listed] &ndash; [first conviction/Onondaga
  County NY / possession] &ndash; [2 years] &ndash; [second conviction / federal
  / trafficking / leader + handgun &ndash; natural life + 5 years]. He pulled
  her jacket from the file, put his feet on his desk and adjusted his swelling
  cock through his pants. Minorities usually drew ridiculously long sentences.
  In the Federal system, natural life meant precisely that. Her life was over.
  He studied her picture. He didn't care much for black women in general but
  JoLeen appealed to him with her thin nose and light complexion. She'd been
  in the system before. She'd know the score. She should be easy.  
[86331-104 Jeffries, Sara Jane AKA n/a]&ndash; [Caucasian] - [39] &ndash; [divorced
  / 4 children] &ndash; [college] &ndash; [teacher] &ndash; [first conviction
  / federal / possession with intent, non-violent &ndash; 25 years] Her first
  stop on the endless road through nothingness to being released at nearly 60
  years of age with no hope of starting over. Probably a setup, he thought but
  maybe she was conducting a little recreational pharmaceutical business on the
  side. She probably needed a hell of a lot more money than teacher's pay to
  take care of her kids. The taxpayers were taking care of them now. He didn't
  like them as old as she was. There was plenty of younger stuff to be had but
  she looked pretty well preserved. Besides, he thought, she might be horny enough
  to make up for her lack of youth. Some older ones worked pretty hard to keep
  their pussies happy.  
[95562-012 Morris, Anita AKA n/a]&ndash; [Caucasion] &ndash; [36] &ndash; [married
  / 2 children] &ndash; [college] &ndash; [business owner] &ndash; [first conviction
  /federal / conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute + distribution of
  cocaine + conspiracy to commit money laundering / leader / continuing criminal
  enterprise, non-violent] &ndash; [natural life + 20 years] This is an interesting
  case, he thought. Hell of a sentence for an educated white woman with no priors.
  He studied her picture and found her vaguely familiar. Big, wide-set eyes,
  nice cheekbones, straight, thin nose and inviting lips. A real Patrician. He
  shuffled through the forms that chronicled her life since she lost control
  of it to the system. Transferred from a minimum security Club Fed after sixty-three
  months. He read her Discipline Reports, knowing how bogus they probably were;
  disobeying orders (3), out of bounds &ndash; a term sometimes used for getting
  caught masturbating, (4), disrespecting an officer (2), contraband (3). Three
  snapshots of a nude man with an erection were stapled to the back of the fourth
  discipline report. He examined them and saw the telltale marks left when the
  bathing suit drawn on with water-based marker was cleaned away with shampoo.
  He made a mental note to ask who he was and how she had gotten his pictures.  
A small red X on the back inside cover of her jacket explained her transfer.
  He knew the code. It indicated that someone considered her a high profile inmate;
  a potential source of trouble or embarrassment. Perhaps they wanted her out
  of Camp Parks because she was making trouble of some sort, maybe focusing too
  much attention to the system by complaining to her family or the press, stirring
  up the other inmates or agitating to get her sentence reduced or overturned.
  He'd see to it that she was a lot quieter here. Lack of access to the press,
  closely censored mail and phone calls and tightly controlled visiting would
  keep her off center stage and firmly in the shadows.  
Frankel was restless. He and his wife had been bickering. He hadn't had any
  in days. He phoned Lieutenant Dawson, who did his dirty work. They had an unspoken
  agreement. He covered for her while she did what she wanted to with the women.
  She arranged private access to inmates when he wanted it. The lieutenant walked
  in without knocking and sat on the edge of his desk. He wouldn't have allowed
  any of his other subordinates to pull that crap but he needed Dawson and she
  knew it.  
"What's happening, boss?" she asked, staring at the front of his trousers. "Looks
  like you got a roll of quarters in your pocket. Gonna make some phone calls?"  
"Fuck you, you scrawny black bitch," he answered without anger.  
"Cut it off and I'll stick it in!" she replied. They both laughed. Dawson
  was a one hundred percent pure dyke. Not even a freshly self-amputated cock
  would entice her.  
"What can I do for you?" He handed her JoLeen's jacket. She looked inside,
  closed it and handed it back.  
"You seen her?" she asked with a smirk.  
"No, why?" he demanded. He was in no mood for conversation. He needed to
  bury his cock in something warm, wet and, preferably unwilling. His favorite
  pastime was having sex with helpless inmates, especially married ones who hadn't
  had it in a long time. They tended to be the horniest, in his experience.  
Dawson held her arms out in front of her belly. "Bitch is out to here. Can't
  believe they transported her. She looks like she's gonna drop twins any minute.
  Still want her?" So much for his first choice. Frankel shook his head and handed
  Dawson Anita's jacket.  
"Get her ass in here if she isn't knocked up too." Dawson noted Anita's cell
  assignment. It was 3:00 a.m. She liked to roust inmates in the middle of the
  night. She had to be awake. Why shouldn't they?  
"You gonna tune her up a little?" she asked hopefully. She had a mean streak
  a mile wide. Nothing pleased her more than watching someone get on an inmate's
  case except doing it herself.  
"No, just want to give her an intake interview," he replied. Dawson smiled,
  winked, grabbed her crotch and left. Getting someone out of housing gave her
  an excuse to prowl around. No telling what might be happening in those cramped
  little two person cells. She kept track of the dykes and made their lives hell.
  She didn't like competition.  
Dawson yanked Anita's blanket down and shined her flashlight in her face.
  Startled and disoriented, she blinked and covered her eyes. Dawson slapped
  her hands away from her face and ordered her to get up and dress. Anita's cellmate
  sat up in her bunk. Dawson ordered her to lie down and close her eyes. The
  woman complied. She didn't know what was happening but she knew she didn't
  want it to happen to her. Dawson cuffed Anita's hands behind her back, locked
  shackles on her ankles and propelled her roughly out of the cell and through
  the labyrinth of security gates and hallways to Frankel's office. Dawson shoved
  Anita into the room and asked Frankel if he wanted her jewelry removed  
"No, Lieutenant," Frankel replied. Dawson looked at Anita and leaned against
  the wall.  
Frankel barked "I'll call you when I'm finished." Dawson shrugged and left.
  No entertainment tonight.  
Frankel pointed to a straight-backed wooden chair and ordered Anita to sit.
  Sitting with her arms cuffed behind her back and ankles chained together would
  be uncomfortable but comfort of any kind was a luxury long since forgotten.
  She shuffled over to it and sat down without hesitating.  
"I looked over your file," he said, nodding to the closed jacket on his desk. "You're
  a trouble maker, aren't you?" She looked down at the floor. She knew better
  than to answer. It wasn't a question. Frankel was disappointed when she failed
  to rise to the bait. He picked up her file and waved it at her.  
"Do you know doing the kind of crap you got in your file will buy you time
  in the hole here? This isn't a Girls Scout Camp like Parks. We run a real prison." She
  winced. He liked that. She wasn't numb yet. He was lying about her file but
  she had no way of knowing what was in it. She'd never be allowed to look inside.
  She definitely looked vaguely familiar. He tried to place her while they talked.  
"Maybe I'll be able to help you stay out of ad. seg.," he said with a magnanimous
  smile, then added "depending on how cooperative you are." She looked up at
  him in alarm. She'd heard about things happening to people maximum-security
  prisons. She doubted they were empty rumors.  
"Tell me about your case." He stared closely at her, still trying to place
  her. She moved her left arm farther behind her back to bring her right hand
  to her side. It was easier to talk if she could gesture a little.  
"My husband and I owned an import-export business. Our overseas partners
  were smuggling narcotics. We didn't know anything about it. We were convicted
  even though there was no direct evidence against us," she replied. He asked
  if they were guilty.  
"No sir," she replied then added "but that doesn't matter, does it?" He smiled.
  He liked a little spunk. They were no fun if they were stupid or rolled over
  too easily.  
"No," he replied. "It doesn't make a fucking bit of difference to me. BoP
  has nothing to do with Justice. We just warehouse their customers." He took
  a cigarette from his desk, lit it and held it out to her. She bent forward,
  took it between her lips, inhaled and smiled at his unexpected kindness. He
  removed the cigarette and put in the ashtray. She watched the smoke drift up
  in a thin, gray column, wanting more but not daring to ask.  
"Your husband flip over on you to buy a pass?"  
"No sir. Neither of us was doing anything illegal. We had no knowledge of
  what was going on. We refused to lie and play their game." She took a deep
  breath. "He got life, too."  
"Tough break for the two of you and your kids," he said and gave her another
  drag on the cigarette. "How old are they?" He didn't give a damn about them
  one way or another but appearing to care was an excellent way of establishing
  rapport. Frankel wasn't satisfied with just fucking inmates. He needed to fuck
  with their minds, too.  
"JoAnn is eight. Marilyn is six," she answered and sighed. "I was pregnant
  with Marilyn during the trial. I haven't seen them in over two years. My cousin
  adopted them" Frankel shook his head and tried to look sympathetic.  
"You should have given the prosecutors what they wanted, even if you had
  to make it up. Maybe you could have cut a deal for ten or twenty years. Now
  you're gonna rot forever." She bit her lip and held back her tears. The first
  thing an inmate learns is that displays of emotions are punished. He glanced
  at her file again.  
"You got a few tickets for being out of bounds. Were you running at fences
  or did someone catch you giving yourself a hand?" She blushed and averted her
  eyes. He waited for her to look up again before he said, "Some prisons write
  DRs for masturbation as "out of bounds." Her blush told him she hadn't been
  written up for being someplace she shouldn't have been.  
"Can't blame you for trying to get off," he said conspiratorially. "Being
  caged must be a huge pain in the ass after being married and fucking your old
  man any time you liked." He watched with satisfaction as her blush deepened.  
"You got three tickets for contraband. What was it? Dope?" He knew the answer
  but he needed to keep her talking.  
"I never used drugs," she replied. "It was pictures of my husband." He removed
  them from the file and spread them on the table in front of her. She took a
  deep breath.  
"Your husband?" he asked. She nodded without looking up from them. "My sister
  found them when she was going though my things. She drew a bathing suit on
  them and sent them to me. The mailroom passed them. I thought I'd be able to
  keep them. They confiscated them 4 years ago when they tossed my cell."  
"You were lucky to get them at all. Marker's an old trick. Nude pictures
  are against the rules, you know." She nodded.  
"I took them when we were honeymooning in the Bahamas," she said as she stared
  longingly at them. He was getting closer to figuring out how he knew her. He
  asked where she attended high school. He recognized her as soon as she answered.  
"Your maiden name was Conway. Your sister Madeleine is three years younger
  than you, right?" he asked.  
"Yes!" she replied in amazement. "How did you know?"  
"I dated her for a while," he answered and held the cigarette to her lips. "You
  were a senior when we were freshmen."  
Anita looked at his nametag and asked "Harv"?  
"Right!" he exclaimed. "I used to watch you play tennis and sunbathe by that
  pool in your back yard and think how hot you looked!" It had been a long time
  since Anita had seen a friendly face. She'd never expected to see anyone she
  knew so far from home, especially in prison. She smiled, relaxed and told him
  she was glad to see him again. He shook his head and shrugged.  
"You've come a hell of a long way from being a prom queen, Anita." He leaned
  forward in his chair to conceal his growing erection and held the cigarette
  to her lips again.  
"You and your husband have been apart over for 6 years. It's very hard on
  you, isn't it?"  
"Of course it's hard being separated. I miss him," she answered softly. Frankel
  picked up the picture of him masturbating while smiling at the camera, held
  it up and looked at her pupils while she stared at it. Damn right she needs
  it, he thought. Frankel got up, walked behind her chair and put his hands on
  her shoulders. She trembled.  
"You must be so lonely." He slid his hands slowly down the front of her shirt. "We
  have to enforce the rules against homosexuality and masturbation but that doesn't
  mean you have to be completely frustrated here." He cupped her breasts. Anita
  stiffened with fear but didn't dare pull away.  
"Nice," he said softly. "Shame to let these go to waste." He fondled her
  for several minutes. She relaxed a little but her relief was short lived. He
  told her to stand and pushed her gently backward until she stood against the
  wall.  
She whispered "please don't" when he started to unbutton her shirt. He smiled
  at her helpless fear and pushed her shirt off her shoulders and down to her
  cuffed wrists. Anita closed her eyes while Frankel reached around her and unhooked
  her bra. He couldn't remove it with it her hands cuffed so he pulled the cups
  away from her breasts, raised it toward her neck and pushed the straps down
  her captive arms to get it out of his way. He cupped and lifted her breasts.
  They were nice and heavy and still reasonably shapely despite some stretch
  marks and the fact they were soft and starting to sag noticeably. He compared
  them to his memory of the way she had looked the last time he saw her by the
  pool. Her top had slipped down just enough to give him a quick peek at a pale
  pink nipple. They were dark brown now, courtesy of the flood of hormones that
  pregnancy produced and breast-feeding. He was happy to get at them even if
  they didn't quite measure up to his adolescent masturbatory fantasies about
  them.  
"Harv," she pleaded softly. "For God's sake, let me do my time in peace."  
"I can help you do your time more comfortably," he said softly. She bit her
  lip and shook her head. She touched the waistband with her right hand as if
  she were going to try to prevent him from sliding her pants down over her hips.
  He brushed her fingers aside and pulled her pants and white cotton panties
  down to her ankles. Anita held her knees tightly together and shook with fear,
  anger and humiliation. Frankel studied her naked body appraisingly. Her C-sections
  were thin and hardly visible. Her belly was slightly rounded and stretch marked
  but she had no cellulite or fat to speak of. Her waist was quite nice. She
  also had nice hips and a thick thatch of pubic hair only slightly darker than
  the honey blonde of her head. He glanced at the pictures of her husband and
  wondered how many times he had jerked off thinking about Anita since they were
  forcibly separated. He loved it that her own husband could never see or touch
  her again while she stood, naked, vulnerable and available to him. The irony
  of the situation appealed to him.  
She turned away when he tried to kiss her lips. Frankel took her cheeks between
  his hands, moved her face back and kissed her. He let go of her face and kissed
  her again, this time pressing his hardness against her mound. Anita didn't
  return his kiss but she didn't pull away. He wrapped his arms around her body
  and held her tightly against him until a little tremor and exhalation told
  him she was relaxing. He wasn't above taking what he wanted forcibly but he
  liked it better as an unwilling gift.  
Frankel always took his time and enjoyed what he could do for a woman as
  well as to her. It was more fun if she was sexually responsive rather than
  combative or weepy. He especially enjoyed forcing their bodies to respond despite
  their fear, anger or revulsion. He kept his left arm around Anita's waist and
  continued to hold her tightly against him while he ran his right hand up and
  down her immobilized arms and toyed with her handcuffs. He loved the sensation
  of power he got from totally controlling a woman. It made his orgasms sweeter
  and more intense. Anita fought hard to keep from responding to him but her
  needs were slowly winning out over her will. It had been such a long time since
  she'd been with her husband. The incessant pressure of Frankel's cock against
  her pubis was maddening. He slid his right hand down the small of her back
  and massaged the firm flesh of her buttocks. He moved from there to her anus
  while he insinuated his knee between hers.  
Anita closed her eyes and imagined her husband's hands on her body and his
  mouth on hers. Frankel was going to rape her just as the system had but at
  least he wasn't violent. She thought of the old saying about lying back and
  enjoying rape if it were inevitable.  
Harvey knelt in front of her and kissed her pubis. He always did that to
  make sure an inmate was clean before he proceeded. Anita smelled pleasantly
  of soap and just a hint of musk. He pushed against her inner thighs until she
  parted them a little, put his face between them and licked her. Anita gasped
  and shuddered. She managed to touch his cheek with one manacled hand but she
  could neither push him away nor defend herself. He stopped licking her and
  pushed harder against her thighs. She spread her ankles as far the shackles
  and her tangled clothing allowed. The air felt cold where his cheeks had touched
  her thighs and his tongue had wet her.  
Anita's knees almost buckled when he parted her labia and licked her clit.
  She shut her eyes tightly, bent her knees, spread her thighs a little wider
  and touched his cheek while his tongue danced around and bathed her swollen,
  tingling little bundle of nerves. Her body responded to him even though Anita
  loathed him and what he was doing to her. Years of yearning and deprivation
  only partly relieved by brief episodes of furtive masturbation made it impossible
  for her to control her pent up needs. She panted and moved her hips in rhythm
  with his tongue.  
Frankel stood up and kissed her with her wetness on his lips. Anita returned
  his kiss hungrily, eyes still closed, the memory of her husband's hands, mouth
  and body welling up with her excitement. He picked her up, carried her to his
  desk and told her to lean over it with her breasts resting on it and legs spread
  as wide as possible. Frankel unzipped his pants, freed his erection and put
  it in her hand. Anita squeezed and massaged the hard cylinder of flesh while
  she looked at her husband's pictures. Frankel was soon close to having an orgasm.
  He withdrew from her hand to keep from wasting the opportunity to penetrate
  her.  
He walked around his desk, opened a drawer to get a condom and swore silently
  when found none. He was less worried about catching something from her than
  impregnating her. That would definitely be hard to explain.  
She watched him, knowing what he was searching for. He returned to her without
  one, unwilling to waste an opportunity to have her.  
"Please, not without a rubber," she pleaded.  
"I'll pull out," he said and tested her with his fingers. Her hips jerked
  when he penetrated her. She was swollen and wet, he observed with pleasure.
  He put his cock against her opening and pushed gently. Delivering her children
  by Cesarean and her long, enforced celibacy since her arrest had left her delightfully
  tight. She was so tight his cock skinned back while he pushed inside her. He
  penetrated her slowly, savoring the sensation of her hot, wet opening around
  him. She started to moan when he was fully within her, his stomach firmly against
  her buttocks. Frankel reached under her with his right hand and massaged her
  clit while he squeezed her left breast. Anita couldn't remain still. She rotated
  her hips and scratched him gently with her nails, the way she had when her
  husband had taken her from behind.  
He moved in and out of her in a slow, steady rhythm to keep himself from
  finishing too quickly. It was hard to hold back. She was molten hot and silken
  around him. Her G-Spot was so prominent he felt it plainly against the bottom
  of his cock head with each stroke. He pushed himself fully inside her and held
  still to hold off his orgasm. She felt too good to rush it. He had honestly
  intended to withdraw before he ejaculated but he missed the opportunity. Her
  vagina spasmed against him, milking him hard as her climax hit. He ejaculated
  in a sudden torrent at the sound of her voice when she hoarsely whispered "please
  don't cum inside me!" He thrusted hard and fast while he spurted. Anita panted
  and squirmed through her climax while he filled her. He stood behind her, playing
  with her clit to make her cum again and again so he could feel her pussy gripping
  and releasing him until he finally shrank and slipped out. Anita remained where
  she was, sobbing softly while her husband smiled at her from the pictures.  
Frankel couldn't stand the sight of a woman after he'd fucked her, not even
  his wife. He pressed the intercom button to summon Dawson, then he unlocked
  one of Anita's wrists and ordered her to dress. She slowly pushed herself up
  from the desktop, turned away from him, fastened her bra and buttoned her shirt.
  Dawson walked in before she pulled up her pants and panties. Anita stood with
  her back to both of them and continued to dress.  
"Got a bitch in heat there, Captain?" Dawson asked. "She's leakin' cum all
  over your nice rug!" Frankel jerked his thumb toward the door. Dawson ordered
  Anita to finish dressing, then she locked the loose cuff her wrist and shoved
  her out of Frankel's office.  
"I'm gonna watch you, bitch," Dawson warned. "I'm gonna make sure you follow
  every rule to the letter or I'll make your life hell. You got it?"  
"Yes Lieutenant," Anita replied in resignation.  
"Don't make the mistake of thinking you have something going with the Captain," she
  warned Anita when they reached her cell. "He doesn't give a fuck about you.
  He was just masturbating inside you." She removed Anita's shackles, shoved
  her through the door and locked it. Anita turned her back to the door and pushed
  her wrists through the "bean slot" so Dawson could remove her cuffs. Dawson
  ordered her to turn around and listen closely.  
"You tell me, nobody else, right away if you're late so I can take care of
  it. Captain don't need that grief from a whore like you." She nodded.  
Anita collapsed silently on her hard bunk with tears streaming down her cheeks
  and Frankel's semen leaking out of her.  
"Don't fret it none," her cellmate whispered. "He'll get tired of you pretty
  soon just like he did the rest of `em. Then he'll let you do your time the
  best way you can."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ladyvet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





