BDSM Library - The LardAss Saga




The LardAss Saga
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man fulfills his dream of capturing various women of his dreams.  Then, he degrades, humiliates, punishes them until they become his willing sex slave.The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
   
Chapter I   
BigTits and LardAss   
 (  or &ndash; an exercise
        in filling holes  )   
He had been setting up the plan for fifteen months and now it was finally
  time to bring it to reality. The first part of the plan was to select the two
  ladies. One was named Linda. He had been observing her for over six months
  at church and knew she was the one. She was 30 years old, 5' 8, long blonde
  hair, a fantastic body, and a totally haughty attitude. That would change.
  Her tits were huge and yet pert and alert. Her ass had high cheeks that captured
  all men's eyes &ndash; even in church. Her legs were perfect. The other selection
  was Gayle. He had been watching her for the past three months at school. She
  was 18 years old, 5'11 and out of shape. She was always wearing tight skimpy
  clothing that easily indicated her tits were small and that she had a roll
  of fat around her waistline. Her dark hair was always unkept and dirty looking.
  She would be a nice contrast to the always-perfect Linda.  
The Room had required the most effort. It used the almost the entire square
  footage of the basement and was completely sound proof. There was a toilet
  at one end that was available for an unimpeded view from any part of the room.
  The shower was large and contained on all sides by completely clear glass.
  There were large rings located all over the ceiling, the wall, and at several
  strategic locations on the floor. The furnishings included two gynecological
  tables &ndash; complete with stirrups, a chair with the middle of the bottom
  cut out, large-screen TV's on all the walls, a bed that could be raised and
  lowered electronically, and a hydraulic post in the center of the room that
  could accommodate various screw-on phallic devices. There was also a swinging
  chair hanging from a set of ceiling hooks. He had used the Internet to accumulate
  a large supply of Viagra that would allow him to have a stiff dick at will
  and for as long as he desired.  
   
The First Session   
   
He had captured them, chloroformed them, and they were now secure in the
  Room. They were naked, each chained to the a gynecological table, side by side,
  with their legs secured in the stirrups and spread wide, their arms up and
  spread. He stood between the two tables, wearing only a T-shirt. He had taken
  a 50 mg Viagra and his dick was rock-hard and incredibly erect. He was taking
  turns examining the crotch of each of the girls and they were starting to become
  awake from the effects of the chloroform. In a single simultaneous moment their
  eyes opened &ndash; and there were simply too many sensations for them to take
  in at once.  
 There was a ball gag in their mouths. Each of them had a huge dildo up her
  ass. He had two fingers on each hand buried in their pussies, rutting around
  savagely. Their eyes were attracted to his dick as though it were a train wreck.
  His erect dick was only 6 inches long but it had a huge girth. It was as thick
  as the average man's wrist. The circumcised head was a huge mushroom on the
  end of a fence post. His pubic hair was incredibly thick and black. It was
  as though a giant mushroom was buried in the mass of a black, obscene jungle.
  To accentuate everything, he had shaved his balls. They were gigantic oval
  shaped globes, with one ball hanging about four inches below the other. His
  balls signified that he was full, primed, and ready to go.  
Both women began to try to scream at the same time. He twisted the lips on
  each of their pussies until each lip was rotated a complete 360 O  .
  He calmly told them to shut up or he would twist them another complete circle.
  They stopped screaming and began mumbling behind the gag. He gave the lips
  another twist and they shut up.  
He said,  "You are here for my pleasure. The room is completely
      sound proof. The quality of your life depends on your response to my needs.
      I would suggest you respond accordingly!"  
     
  Linda was belligerent and still ready to resist. He reached between her legs
  and grabbed the dildo in her asshole and began rotating it vigorously while
  shifting it back and forth. She shrieked behind the gag at the violent intrusion
  in the dry recess and he gave it a final plunge until a full twelve inches
  of it disappeared into her shit hole.   
"Now",  he said, " you can continue to  resist
      and I will continue to add more inches into your asshole."    
   
"Or",  he continued, " you can listen  and
      cooperate and I will remove this dildo from your asshole. Which will it
      be?"  
     
  She became quiet and her eyes filled with tears as she calculated how much
  worse the pain could be in her dry asshole. He then took two cattle prods and
  buried one into each of their pussies. He had re-worked them so that they were
  incredibly stronger than the original design. He pressed the button on each
  of the prods and kept them depressed for a full thirty seconds. They both shook
  and quivered with drool running from the corners of their mouths. When he finally
  released the buttons, their chests were heaving as they tried to catch their
  breath, they were drenched in sweat, and their nipples were pointed and hard
  as rocks. A brackish liquid was running from the bottom of Linda's pussy. He
  told them not to make a sound and he removed the gags.   
"From this day hence",  he said, "you will
      have new names."    
   
   "Blondie &ndash; your name is now 'Big Tits'."  
     
  He turned to the brunette,  "Fatty &ndash; your name is now
  'LardAss'."    
   
  Then, he reached beneath LardAss and grabbed both of her flabby cheeks, giving
  them a squeezing grasp and a large shake. She jumped as much as her bonds would
  permit and tried to twist away. She started to scream and he reached around
  the front and grabbed a handful of her black bush and gave it a strong pull.
  She instantly got the message and shut up. There were large mirrors above both
  of them and BigTits' eyes enlarged to the size of saucers as she had a direct
  view of LardAsses bush being pulled to the point that the attached skin was
  being stretched to an unbelievable limit.  
   
  BigTits screamed  , "Let her go you dirty bastard!"    
   
  It was then that she discovered the function of the collar around her neck.
  It was a re-designed electronic dog collar. He reached for one of the two remotes
  hanging around his neck and pressed the button and held it down. BigTits immediately
  felt the shock waves pouring through her body. Every muscle in her body contracted,
  her hair stood on end and her teeth clenched uncontrollably. Finally she passed
  out.   
He had redesigned the collar so that its power was many times what
    was normally delivered. He readjusted BigTit's bonds on the table and moved
    her upwards. Her head was now hanging over the edge and she was secured to
    the table. He began twisting her nipples until she finally revived. When
    she opened her eyes she discovered that his balls were lying on her forehead
    and the engorged head of his prick was just above her nose and mouth. She
    screamed!  
   
  He said,  "Shut up BigTits!",   and reached
  for the remote.  
   
  She immediately became quiet although her eyes were still enlarged to the size
  of saucers. He began jacking off with his right hand while his left hand continuously
  slapped her huge tits back and forth. His balls were bouncing off her forehead.
  Finally he felt a huge surge and began spraying gism all over her lips and
  face. The huge load began running down into her nose, her eyes, her ears and
  her hair. She began weeping and gagging at the same time.  
   
  He said  , "If you throw up I will spoon up the vomit and
  feed it into your mouth until you eat it all."  
     
  She managed to control the bile that was building in her throat.  
   
  He said,  "Would you like me to clean up the spunk from your
  face?"    
   
  She cried,  "Yes, please."    
   
  At that he took her long blonde hair and began wiping up the cum from her face
  and lips. Her hair became completely matted with the coagulating gism. BigTits
  and LardAss both became aware at once that they were his! They immediately
  began to sob at the same time. He reached for the remote and gave LardAss a
  quick jolt of electricity on her collar. She shrieked and begged him not to
  do it again.  
   
  He said,  "I'm going to release your bonds and I want you
  to obey me completely. If you don't, your punishment will be unbelievable."  
     
  She said  , "I will do anything you say."    
   
  He released her and told her to walk over to the end of the table where BigTits
  face was hanging down. She did.  
   
  He said  , "Turn around, spread that fat ass of yours with
  your hands, and put your ass hole over BigTits' face."  
     
  She turned red as a beet and slowly did so. The slowness of her movements made
  them even more erotic.  
   
  As she lowered her big ass over BigTits' face he said,  &quot;BigTits
  lick her ass hole.&quot;    
   
  She didn't want to begin licking the reeking, hairy ass hole. She kept her
  mouth clenched. At that, he picked up a cattle prod and pushed it ten inches
  into her pussy. He pressed the button and watched her crotch jump up and down
  with each surge. She was sweating and crying and heaving when he lifted his
  finger from the button.  
   
  He said, "  that was for ten seconds. Would you like to go
  for ten minutes?"    
   
  She sobbed a  "no"   as her tongue reached
  out and began licking the asshole between the huge cheeks that were hovering
  over her. His dick was huge again thanks to lust and Viagra. He crawled up
  on to the table to straddle BigTits' face with his dick knocking at the back
  door of LardAss.  
   
  She started to move away and he said  , "Bitch, it's my dick
  or the electric cattle prod. Which  do you want? Back
  up!"    
   
  She moved toward him reluctantly and he slammed his dick into her butt hole.
  It went in easily thanks to the saliva provided by BigTits. He began humping
  her ass with his balls bouncing off the face of BigTits. Just as he was about
  to come he withdrew a bit until just the tip of his dick was in the nether
  hole. He came and came and came. When he finally withdrew, gism was leaking
  from out of the shit hole.  
   
  He said to BigTits,  "Lick every bit of it &ndash; any I find
  left will result in a prod in your pussy and your ass."  
     
  With gagging and tears she began earnestly licking the ass hole with its huge
  load of cum. Apparently LardAss was sloppy in many ways because little flecks
  of shit could be seen all around the rim of her ass hole. When BigTits was
  done he examined the fucked ass hole with great care. He put his index finger
  into the hole and reamed it out. Oddly enough the flabby ass bitch did not
  move a muscle. She either liked it or had realized there was no way to resist.
  When he withdrew it, the finger was coated with shit and cum.   
 
  He stuck it into the mouth of BigTits and said  , "Dig in
  bitch, or else."    
   
  With that she sucked it clean. He then put three fingers into the pussy of
  LardAss as she groaned and continued to hunch over. Her pussy was soaking.
  Apparently, all the action on her ass had excited her to the max. He pulled
  out fingers of pussy juice and slammed them into BigTits mouth. She was no
  longer haughty. He secured LardAss to rings on one of the walls, slammed a
  huge twelve-inch dildo into the pussy of BigTits and with that he left the
  room. He watched them through one of the one-way mirrors he had installed.
  They tried to talk to each other but each time they began to talk he gave them
  a jolt through their collar. It was the end of the first session.   
The Second Session   
   
He entered the room and both were begging to use the toilet.  
   
  He unfastened LardAss and said,  "Go ahead,"   pointing
  to the toilet.  
   
  She said,  "Can't I have some privacy?"    
   
  He laughed and said  , "The next dumb question like that and
  your punishment will be beyond belief."  
     
  He unfastened BigTits, removed the dildo from her pussy and secured her from
  the ceiling rings so she was facing the toilet. There was enough slack in the
  bonds so she could move around a bit. She stood there in a stupor as though
  she could not believe what she was going through. LardAss scurried over to
  the toilet and a huge, splashing, stream came cascading from her crotch.  
   
  As she reached for the roll of toilet paper setting on the floor he said,  "No &ndash; not
  you."    
   
  Then he looked at BigTits and said, "  You go over and wipe
  her. Do a good job because you will have to lick her pussy after you're done."  
     
  BigTits stood there with a stunned look on her face as she digested the order
  she was just given. She had always had a maid to clean the toilet and her aristocratic
  hands and never been near anything touched by piss or shit. He knew she was
  in for a long training session during the next days. 
   
  He reached for the remote around his neck and her shoulders slumped as she
  realized she had no choice. BigTits unraveled a huge expanse of toilet paper
  and hesitantly reached toward the pussy of LardAss. She wiped gingerly. There
  were still droplets of urine on LardAss' bush.  
   
  He said,  "You get one more wipe and then you lick."    
   
  BigTits sobbed as she reached for an expanse of toilet paper. This time she
  rubbed and scrubbed as hard as the paper would allow. Some of it shredded into
  little balls in the thick bush.  
   
  He said,  "Start licking and I don't want to see any pee or
  any toilet paper when you're done."    
   
  She tentatively reached out her tongue toward the bush. He gave the remote
  a jab and she jerked forward with a jolt. He reached again for the remote and
  she began licking in earnest. She gagged as she tasted the urine that was on
  the inner edges of the pussy and her throat rebelled as she tried to swallow
  the small balls of drenched toilet paper. Finally it was done. BigTits then
  begged to use the bathroom.  
   
  He said,  "Go over to the shower stall and pee standing up!"    
   
  She did. She shuddered as she felt her own urine splash off of her legs, onto
  the floor, and then bounce up onto her bare feet.  
   
  When she finished she said  , &quot;Can I have some toilet
  paper?"    
   
  He said  , "Use your hands bitch.&quot;    
   
  She sobbed as she rubbed her hands over her splattered bush.  
   
  Then he said  , "Look at the mess you've made on my shower
  floor. Sit down and roll in it until  it's dry."   
Her shoulders shook as she cried while lowering herself into the yellow
    pools at the bottom of the shower.  
   
  He now realized that the beans and chili he had eaten earlier were beginning
  to roll through his digestive system. He told LardAss to come over to the table
  and lay on it face up. A look of terror spread over her face but she was afraid
  to disobey. When she was situated he climbed on to the table and hunkered down
  with his asshole directly over her mouth. Then, suddenly, he erupted with a
  gigantic, wet, full-loaded fart. Then, he let loose with three quick short
  farts that cascaded into her mouth. She began gagging.  
   
  He said  , "If you throw up, you will eat it."   
"Now  , "  he said , "lick
      my asshole."   
   
  She did and the stench and wetness around his asshole was almost more than
  she could bear. While her tongue was in his hole he felt another large fart
  coming on and let loose with a rumble. Her tongue vibrated as she instinctively
  retreated. Meanwhile, BigTits was watching from her pool of urine and sobbing
  with unending tears. She knew their life was going to continue to be hell.
  He walked over to the shower stall and told her she was a filthy, pissy bitch
  who needed a hot shower.   
She mistakenly thought it would be good to get the urine washed off of her.
  However, she shuddered as he reached in, turned the shower to its hottest setting
  and let the stream cascade on to her body. She screamed in terror as she realized
  what was happening. He forced her to stay under the scalding stream until her
  skin was bright red with blisters starting to form on her shoulders. He finally
  turned off the stream and she stumbled out, crying and screaming words that
  had no meaning other than absolute pain and terror. He secured BigTits to one
  of the walls, stuck a huge dildo into her pussy, and pulled on her bonds until
  she had to stand on tiptoes. He then secured LardAss to a chain through one
  of the ceiling rings and engaged a hoist to lift her until she was upside down
  with her legs spread wide. He placed a butt plug into her ass. It was the end
  of the second session. He left.  
The Third Session   
   
He entered the room, removed the devices that were in their respective
    holes and re-fastened them so they were standing, with arms pulled upright,
    facing each other with about three feet between them. He sat on a chair,
    partially between them, and rubbed his hands over each of their stomachs,
    down into their furry bushes, at times ramming a finger into their pussies.
    They were terrified as they looked at his huge dick pointing straight upwards.  
   
  He said,  "Over the next few weeks we are going to have a
  series of contests. The winner will have a much easier life than the loser.&quot;  
     
  While he was talking he had reached up and grasped a nipple on each of them
  and he was twisting, squeezing, and pulling with all of his strength. There
  were tears in each of their eyes and their shoulders were heaving.  
   
  He said,  "During the next sessions we will have a sex and
  degradation contest. Points will be awarded to the winner of each of the events.
  I will explain the rules and rewards as each event is explained. When the contest
  is completed, the points will be tallied and a winner and loser will be announced.
  Believe me, in your wildest dreams you cannot imagine how much better the winner's
  life will be than the loser's.&quot;  
     
  They began to beg and he quickly gave their nipples an extraordinary squeeze.
  They both shut up. They were shuddering as they contemplated what all of this
  meant. He then took a broad tipped black magic marker and made a straight thick
  line down the middle of each their bushes and pussies. They jerked back at
  the unexpected touch of the foreign object but he made the mark sure and broad
  and straight. He then took out a pair of needle nose pliers.  
   
  He said  , "Each of you will take a turn pulling out the other's
  hair on only one side of the line.&quot;  
     
  They again began screaming and begging until he zapped them with the remotes.  
   
  He said,  "All hair must be removed on one side of the line.
  The one who gets it removed the fastest will receive 50 points.&quot;  
     
  LardAss shrieked  , "That's not fair &ndash; look at how wide
  that bitch's bush is. She has twice the area that I do.&quot;  
     
  BigTits lost all semblance of modesty and screamed,  "What
  are you talking about bitch?   Your black  mangy
  bush is twice as thick as mine!"  
     
  He unfastened the wrists of LardAss, hit a stopwatch he was holding and said,  "Let
  the games begin.&quot;  
     
  LardAss grabbed the pliers and began yanking huge tufts of the blonde bush.
  BigTits was jerking and screaming and crying. At that, LardAss reached around
  and grabbed a big hunk of that beautiful ass and used it to both control the
  jerking and to serve as a brace while continuing to yank huge hunks of golden
  hair. She stopped once and said,  &quot;Done&quot;  but
  he pointed to tufts of fine yellow hair near the bottom of her slit. LardAss
  grasped the tufts quickly with the pliers and gave quick yanks. He hit the
  stopwatch, and said, "You will know the results after the next contestant."    
   
Huge tears were flowing from the eyes of BigTits as she looked in the mirror
  and saw the reflection staring back at her with half of a beautiful bush and
  half of skin that was red and bleeding and completely bald. She knew she was
  ruined and she knew there was more ruin to come. He then secured LardAss and
  released the wrist fetters of BigTits. BigTits was looking eagerly at the thick
  hairy bush that was before her. He gave her the pliers and tripped the stopwatch.
  Then it became apparent that BigTits was a workout freak that explained her
  beautiful physique. She reached between the legs of LardAss and impaled her
  index finger into the asshole and actually lifted her up on tiptoes.  
"How do you like that you rotten, filthy bitch,&quot;  she
  screamed.  
As she realized the clock was ticking she let LardAss settle back onto her
  heels but BigTits kept her finger buried in the asshole. She used the asshole
  to brace herself and began yanking large hunks of black hair from one side
  of the unkept pussy. Pussy hair was flying everywhere and LardAss was screeching
  and cussing. When the job was complete he had them stand side by side, facing
  him. It was a strange sight. Each of them had &frac12; of their pussy completely
  bare and &frac12; of their pussy covered with &frac12; of a bush.  
They were sobbing and their eyes were full of anger toward each other.  
He said, "I think you should kiss and make up.&quot;   
They looked horrified as they realized his words probably had deeper meanings.
  He then went on to explain the 69 position. LardAss knew what he was talking
  about from the beginning. BigTits began sobbing even louder as the picture
  unfolded. He had BigTits lay on her back and LardAss lay on top of her so that
  each of them had a pussy directly in front of their face and, specifically,
  their mouths.  
He said, "You have ten minutes in this position to start sucking
      and  probing each other's pussy  . Then
      you will switch positions and go at it again for another ten  minutes."   
   
BigTits was shuddering and heaving as the pussy smell was already invading
  her nostrils. He then went on to explain that this was another test. He told
  them that the one who gave the best and simulated enjoyment the best would
  be rewarded with another 25 points. He punched the stopwatch. LardAss immediately
  dived in and buried her face in the half-covered pussy. Her tongue was lapping
  up the blonde's cunt and rapidly going for the very depths of the vagina tunnel.
  BigTits was more tentative as she reluctantly moved her mouth toward the gaping
  hole that had obviously felt many tongues in its history.  
He warned, "BigTits you better get busy  because
      LardAss is already ahead of you in style and effort!&quot;   
With a silent gasp, BigTits buried her face in the half-dark covered pussy
  and grasped the engorged clit with her lips. Then her tongue began working
  around the lips of the huge pussy. BigTits throat was gagging as she tasted
  and smelled the dank regions. Yet, she knew she had to catch up to the experienced
  brunette. BigTits then began in earnest, licking, nipping, tonguing, swallowing,
  salivating, and even working her nose in as deep as she could. LardAss was
  responding to the sensations on both ends of her body and her pussy was becoming
  soaked. Not to be outdone, and to her chagrin, BigTits was getting aroused
  too and her pussy was beginning to leak pussy juice as it mixed with the spit
  from LardAss' mouth.  
Just before the first ten minutes had elapsed they both came with a simultaneous
  orgasm that caused them both to shake, shiver, and grasp each others ass cheeks
  with all their might.  
He said, "Ten minutes down, ten to go, switch positions.&quot;   
Tears were in the eyes of BigTits as she realized the depth of her orgasm
  and the shame that had brought it about. One half of her pussy &ndash; the
  bald half &ndash; glistened with pussy juice and spit. The other half &ndash; the
  hairy half &ndash; had matted down her pubic hair with the same mixture of
  moisture. They assumed the reverse positions and began in earnest with no hesitation.
  They both came to orgasm continuously for the next ten minutes until both of
  them were drenched in sweat. He told them when the ten minutes was up but they
  didn't stop. They kept on at each other &ndash; not only eating pussy &ndash; but
  licking the soft area between their pussies and assholes, stroking the cheeks
  of the other's ass, reaching up to massage each other's tits. He let them go
  at each other until they both collapsed in exhaustion from the giving and the
  getting. They were spent. It was the end of the third session. He left. They
  were left alone, lying in each other's juices, completely wiped out.  
He watched them through the one way mirror. They gradually regained
    their faculties and stood up. They looked at each other and both apologized
    for the pain they had brought to each other's pussies. They hugged and suddenly
    LardAss grasped the back of BigTits head and planted a huge kiss full on
    her lips. BigTits was startled at first but she quickly began returning the
    kiss and both their tongues began exchanging places in each other's mouths.
    BigTits was conflicted. She was completely shamed and repulsed and yet she
    had just experienced orgasms such as she never knew existed.  
   
  He spoke to them through the intercom  . "It's good that you
  love each other so much. Look at the bed."  
     
  They both looked at the single bed and took in its narrowness. It was barely
  wide enough for one person.  
   
  He said  , "You will both always sleep together in that bed
  and you will never have anything to cover up. I am going to lower the room
  temperature to 50  O   and
  you will only have each other to keep warm.&quot;  
     
  They suddenly noticed that it was extremely cold as both of their sets of nipples
  began to harden and point to a peak. They went to the bed and got in. For them
  both to stay in the bed they had to wrap themselves around each other. And,
  because it was so cold, they did this with no reluctance. He looked in and
  slowly worked his cock as he looked at the two creatures entwined from whom
  he knew he was going to receive so much pleasure.   
    
The Fourth Session   
   
As he looked through the one-way mirror he realized he had let some control
  slip away from himself. They were wrapped in each other's arms, shivering,
  but completely enjoying each other too much. LardAss had her hand cupped around
  the beautiful ass of BigTits. BigTits had buried her face between the smallish
  breasts of LardAss. He reflected on their enjoyment of each other during the
  previous session and decided that if they were enjoying themselves too much
  then he was no longer completely in control. He vowed to change that situation.  
He entered their room and immediately pressed the remotes hanging around
  his neck. They were both jolted to reality as the current entered their respective
  necks and zapped every nerve ending in their bodies. He told LardAss to get
  over against the wall and face outward so she could see what was about to take
  place. He secured her to the rings on the wall with her arms outstretched above
  her head and her legs parted by about two feet.  
He then rolled out a special platform he had created. He directed BigTits
  to step up on to the platform. He secured her ankles to the floor of the platform
  using rings that were attached to it. There was a railing on one side of the
  platform that was waist high to her. He directed her to move up on the platform
  and bend over the railing until her upper body was parallel to the floor. He
  then secured her wrists using restraints and rings on the platform so she could
  not rise up. He put duct tape over her mouth. In this position her huge double-D
  tits were hanging straight down and looked like two huge cantaloupes swinging
  in the air. When he was standing, the height of the platform brought her tremendous
  jugs just slightly above his eye level. He had been an amateur boxer and one
  of his many talents was his dexterity and quickness with the speed bag.  
He slowly put on a pair of light workout boxing gloves. Her eyes were watching
  him with great wariness because she realized how vulnerable she was in this
  position. His right hand reached out with a quick motion and jabbed her left
  breast. She was astounded at the quick pain that suddenly shot through her
  boob. She jerked and tried to move but she was completely immobile. His left
  hand zipped out and caught the other side of her left boob. Again she was shocked
  and electrified as her breast jumped like a living creature with a will of
  its own as pain shot through her chest. He then began his boxing rhythm using
  her left tit as a speed bag. A fist would hit her tit, it would cave in and,
  at the same time, bounce away from his fist onto her rib cage, and then rebound
  only to be struck by the other fist and repeat the motion. Ratatatatatatatat  went
  his fists in a motion that was only a blur. Her tit was also a blur as it reacted
  to the lightning punishment that was being inflicted on it.  
She was shuddering and crying and trying to scream through the duct tape
  but his eyes never left their target. Her tit first turned purple, then green,
  then a sickening yellow. It had swollen to twice its size and completely lost
  its shape. She longed to pass out but somehow her body would not give her that
  relief.  
Finally, after ten minutes on the &quot;speed tit&quot;, he quit as perspiration
  flowed from both of their bodies &ndash; his from the physical exertion &ndash; hers
  from the severe beating her beautiful breast had just taken. She looked down
  at it and cried inwardly as she wondered if it would ever be beautiful again.
  He looked over at LardAss. Her eyes were wide, as she had just witnessed an
  abuse that she did not know was possible.  
He said, "You look like you would make a good heavy bag hanging
      upside-down from the ceiling. Do you want the same?"   
   
She shook her head as fast as possible. He went over and loosened her restraints
  and told her to turn around and face the wall. He re-secured her ankles to
  rings that were on the floor, about three feet from the wall. He then told
  her to bend over until her hands were on the floor. He secured her wrists to
  rings on the floor near the wall. Her fat, flabby, pockmarked ass was now high
  in the air. He suddenly took a bottle of Fleet enema and rammed it into her
  asshole. With a sudden squeeze he forced its entire contents into her bowels.
  She jumped with an enormous jerk at the surprise attack but she could go nowhere.
  He quickly jerked it out and slammed another Fleet enema into her ass and emptied
  its contents into her bowels. This was repeated two more times until her guts
  were filled with four complete bottles. He slapped a butt plug into her ass
  and taped it secure. She was in agony. These cramps made menstrual cramps seem
  like tea with the queen.  
She was begging him for release.    She said,  "I'll
      do anything &ndash; I'll eat your asshole, I'll drink your piss &ndash; anything!!!"   
He said, "Hold tight bitch."   
   
He released her restraints and let her go sit on the toilet but he
    did not remove the plug. She kept begging him but he did nothing. He then
    went over to BigTits and grabbed her inflated tit with both hands and gave
    it a tremendous twist. Tears erupted from her eyes as she let out a muffled
    scream. He released her restraints and drug her by the tit and forced her
    down on her knees in front of the toilet. He spread apart the knees of LardAss
    and forced BigTits' face down between the spread thighs until her face was
    even with the rim of the toilet &ndash; looking down into the waiting pool
    of water. He reached behind LardAss' back and ripped off the tape and the
    plug in one single motion. Her bowels immediately erupted and let loose an
    unimaginable load of water and shit into the waiting bowl. The splashes were
    huge and rebounded directly into the face of BigTits. He was sitting on her
    back so she could not rise up. The stench in the room was overwhelming. It
    must have been ferocious for BigTits considering the location of her nose.
    When the bowels had been completely evacuated, he grabbed a hunk of BigTits'
    hair and raised her up. Her face was completely covered with watery shit.
    She was beside herself with shame and disgust.  
   
  He slammed her face back down between the thighs and said,  "Hold
  that position or you will die."  
     
  He then straddled her kneeling body and took his dick in his hand. He had been
  drinking coffee all morning and his bladder was completely full. He began pissing
  on to LardAss' stomach just above the head of BigTits. He then began moving
  the stream until it was soaking the back of BigTits' head. She was completely
  diminished as a human being as she realized her face was covered in shit and
  her once-beautiful hair was drenched in piss. She did not see how life could
  sink any lower. He had regained control. He then told LardAss to hold BigTits
  head secure between her thighs.  
   
  He said,  "If you let her get away you will have another enema
  treatment and the butt plug will be kept in place for the whole day."  
     
  He told BigTits,  "If you try to move from this position I
  will do a number on your other tit. Do you understand?"  
     
  She nodded her head as much as possible since it was somewhat restricted between
  the massive thighs and the toilet bowl. At that he slammed a Fleet enema into
  BigTits' ass and gushed the water into her bowels. He did this repeatedly until
  she had received six full bottles of liquid into her guts. He slammed in a
  butt plug and watched her heave with pain as the cramps coursed through her
  body.  
   
  He said,  "Hold completely still or I will stand you up and
  start using your stomach as a heavy punching bag."  
     
  She tried with all her might to hold still but the cramps were unbelievable.
  She began begging for relief and her voice had an echo since she was speaking
  into the shit-filled toilet bowel.  
   
  He said to LardAss,  "I think you should piss. If you don't
  you will be punished."    
   
  LardAss understood immediately and began grunting and straining. She was motivated
  and suddenly her bladder let loose and she began pissing a healthy stream into
  the toilet. The piss was bouncing into the water and the bowl and rebounding
  onto the pained face of BigTits. She was having trouble concentrating on the
  shame of this because the cramps were rolling through her torso.   
When LardAss was through pissing, he said, "Use BigTits' hair to
      wipe your pussy."   
She did and BigTits didn't even care anymore. This was minor stuff compared
  to what she had just undergone and to what was taking place with her gut. He
  then removed the plug from the BigTits' ass. She immediately pushed LardAss
  off the toilet stool and let loose with huge waves of water and shit. She was
  crying without end as the total shame of everything completely enveloped her.
  He then threw a bucket and scrub brush at their feet. The brush was the kind
  used to scrub floors.  
He said to them, "Clean yourselves up you shitty bitches. I will
      be back in thirty minutes and you better be operating-room clean!"   
   
They were both sobbing when he left.  
LardAss said, "How in the hell are we going to clean ourselves
      up?"   
   
BigTits answered, "I don't know but I don't want to fuck around
      with anything this bastard tells us to do!"   
   
He watched through the mirror as they both went in the shower and started
  to clean each other. The brush bristles were hard and they both groaned at
  the touch yet they continued on. BigTits screamed with an incredible voice
  when the bristles touched her swollen, beaten tit. Yet, it was covered with
  shit and piss and she had to endure it.  
He returned in exactly thirty minutes. They did look reasonably clean. He
  directed BigTits to lay on the table.  
He told LardAss, "Lick her from head to foot. If you miss a spot
      you will receive the enema treatment again."   
   
LardAss immediately went to the table and began licking like a cat at a bowl
  of cream. Her tongue covered the bottom of the feet. It went between and around
  each toe. It continued up the shins, knees, and thighs. Her tongue explored
  every inch of BigTits' thighs &ndash; outside, top, and inside right up to
  the half-bush. Her tongue lingered at the pussy and explored every speck of
  the lips, clitoris, and inner vagina. Her tongue covered the remaining pubic
  hair until the hair was completely matted down. Her tongue parted the soft
  down that went up to the navel and then buried itself in the deep-set navel.
  Unfortunately there must have been some lint or other substance deep in the
  navel because LardAss began sputtering when she felt the fuzzy substance in
  her mouth.  
He said in an exasperated tone , "Swallow it you fat-ass piece
      of shit."   
   
She swallowed. Her tongue explored the uninjured breast and curled around
  and over the nipple until it was rock hard. Her tongue then gingerly massaged
  the incredibly swollen tit that displayed so much damage. She tried to explore
  the damaged nipple and BigTits had huge tears in her eyes as she endured the
  incredible pain from even a slight, moist touch. The tongue wiped in the underarms
  and down the arms and around each finger and thumb. The tongue then explored
  the neck and ears and then entered and swiped inside the waiting mouth. BigTits
  was becoming unnerved because she could feel moisture building in her pussy.
  She was aroused! She was not sure if she even cared. She felt a sneeze coming
  on as the invading tongue entered each nostril and swirled in the tiny nose
  hairs. Then the tongue covered each eyelid and eyebrow and finally swept through
  her incredible blonde hair.  
LardAss signaled the aroused lady to turn over. Then the tongue began its
  journey all around the back and down to the jiggly ass cheeks. The tongue swept
  up and down her ass crack. She then spread the beautiful cheeks and spied the
  waiting asshole &ndash; surrounded by fine ass hair. Her tongue dived into
  the nether hole and seemed to linger there forever with great enjoyment. BigTits
  was now humping her hips up and down trying to urge on the probing tongue.
  The sexual waves were so strong that she did not even notice the pain sensations
  around her wounded tit that was now being thrust and bounced on to the metal
  table. Suddenly BigTits felt an orgasm coming on and she now had no desire
  to quell it. It swept over and through her body and she was screaming in ecstasy
  as she experienced an orgasm such as she had never felt before.  
It was now LardAss' turn. She climbed on to the table, face up. BigTits was
  conflicted with strange emotions. She was repulsed and yet drawn to the act
  of running her tongue completely over this flabby unkept body. She began also
  at the toes and worked her way up. She was not nearly as aggressive with her
  tongue and yet she was producing much more saliva than LardAss had generated.
  By the time she got to the dark, dank muff, the lower half of LardAss' body
  was completely engulfed with bubbly, slippery saliva. BigTits was also aroused.
  BigTits began working her tongue into the fat slit when LardAss grabbed the
  back of her head and slammed it into her muff. LardAss was actually masturbating,
  using her partner's tongue, nose and lips as a human dildo. Soon she was coming
  with wave after wave of sexual completion &ndash; shooting out huge loads of
  pussy juice into the waiting yet reluctant mouth and face of BigTits.  
LardAss collapsed back onto the table in complete exhaustion. BigTits resumed
  her tongue journey until she had worked over to the backside and into the flabby
  crack of the ass. She discovered that the cleaning job had not been too good
  and soon she tasted gritty, slippery pieces of shit. She had no choice, she
  lapped them up and tried to swallow them whole so as not to taste them. She
  thought &ndash; " this might as well  be shared."  She
  flipped over LardAss and rammed her tongue deeply into the surprised waiting
  mouth. LardAss did not miss a beat &ndash; she began eagerly sucking on the
  tongue that impaled her face.  
He had seen enough. He jolted them for fifteen seconds with the remotes.
  It was the last thing they had expected, and, caught off guard, they both began
  shaking and actually fell off of the table on to the floor in a heap.  
He had shut off the water to their room. It had been a full day since they
  had anything to eat or drink. He brought them in each a double-sided pet bowl.
  One side contained water, the other was filled to the brim with a dog food
  called &quot;gravy train&quot;. He set them both on the floor and said, "this
  is all you get for the next twenty-four hours. It will be removed in fifteen
  minutes.&quot;  He continued, "get down on your hands
  and knees if you want to eat or drink &ndash; you are simply property to me
  and I don't give a shit about any niceties."   
They were horror struck as they realized they were incredibly hungry and
  thirsty and yet the dog food was completely gross with its chunks of &quot;something&quot; floating
  in a slowly coagulating broth. LardAss gave in first and got down on her hands
  and knees and tentatively licked up some of the dog food. She gagged, slurped
  up some water and returned to the &quot;food&quot;. She kept up this process
  until it was almost all gone &ndash; both the food and the water. While she
  was eating and slurping, he came up behind her and began playing with her ass
  hole that was stuck so invitingly upward. She tried not to notice but she was
  getting turned on and she wiggled her ass invitingly, hoping he would move
  to her cunt. Instead, he reamed out her ass violently with his thick thumb
  but she kept on eating and drinking &ndash; knowing that this was the last
  food and water for a long time.  
Meanwhile, BigTits was conflicted with a strong sense of grossness and an
  incredible hunger and thirst. She finally got down on her hands and knees and
  licked at one of the larger chunks of dog food. Her stomach heaved as she tried
  to control the retching she felt building inside her. Yet, she returned and
  began eating the mess in the bowl. Suddenly, he reached over and slammed her
  face completely down into the food. She screamed and tried to pull back but
  he was too strong and he continued to hold her head down into the bowl and
  its contents. She was trying to breathe and eat at the same time. He finally
  grabbed a chunk of her once-beautiful blonde hair and pulled her up so he could
  look her square in the face. Her degradation had reached new lows. Her face
  was covered with chunks of dog food and the &quot;gravy&quot; was running down
  her chin and on to her tits.  
He said, "this is still all you get, use it wisely."   
She was weeping violently as she scooped the food from her face and tits
  and began eating it. When it was all gone she bent down and licked up water
  as fast as she could. She knew again that her life had turned to complete shit
  and she would never have a human existence again. Her spirit was broken. The
  session was over. He left.  
The Fifth Session   
   
He returned and they were both sitting on the edge of the tables. He said, "Beginning
      with this session each of you, on a separate day, will have a chance to
      jack me off."  
     
   "Only your hands can touch my dick and balls. It will be
  a timed exercise. The one who gets me hard first &ndash; hard will be defined
  as when the end of my dick is shiny &ndash; will get 10 points. The one who
  gets me to come first will get another 15 points. The one who licks up all
  the cum first will receive an additional 25 points. As I said, only your hands
  can touch my crotch, however, you can use your lips on any other part of me.
  In case you wouldn't guess, I am especially sensitive in the area between my
  balls and asshole."   
    
He then told them that the one who wasn't jacking him off would be blindfolded
  so she could not see how the other was performing. At that, he threw a black
  hood to BigTits and told her to cover up her head. He then told her to get
  on her hands and knees with her ass pointing toward him. Then he told her to
  reach behind herself and pull her ass cheeks apart. He told her if she moved
  from this position she would receive the enema treatment. She reached behind
  herself and her face went to the floor, blindfolded and turned to the side.
  She pulled her ass cheeks apart as far as she could with her fantastic ass
  hole and pussy looking straight at him. He lay on the table and picked up the
  stopwatch and told LardAss that timing had begun.  
LardAss immediately ran over to him and took his dick in her right hand.
  She nudged his legs apart and began licking the area between his balls and
  his ass hole. At the same time she reached beneath him with her free hand and
  stuck her index finger up his ass. While she was jacking him off with her right
  hand, the finger of her left hand was buried deep inside him, massaging his
  prostate. In twelve seconds his dick was hard as a rock and the mushroom end
  was shiny as a new mirror. She continued to move her hand up and down his shaft,
  bouncing her hand off his balls and up to the thick overhanging edge of his
  circumcised mushroom dick head.  
His breath was coming quickly, his balls were tightening and swelling at
  the same time, and his prostate was reacting to her experienced finger. Suddenly,
  a huge spurt of cum shot straight into the air. Somehow she had anticipated
  this &ndash; obviously she was very experienced &ndash; and she turned her
  head with her mouth open and caught the entire glob in her mouth. She swallowed
  it in one quick gulp and continued to jack the shaft of his dick.  
She had removed her finger from his ass and now her free hand was grasping
  is balls and squeezing and massaging them to coax more cream from his huge
  balls. Another huge wad of cum came out of his dick, went into the air, and
  came down squarely on her left eye that she managed to close just in the nick
  of time. Even though this eye was stuck shut with cum, she continued working
  his equipment and three more globs shot forth to immediately descend into the
  maze of thick black pubic hair around the base of his dick. As she continued
  working him, cum now oozed out and slowly ran down his dick and through the
  fingers of her jacking hand. She reached up with her free hand and wiped the
  mass of cum from her closed eyelid and sucked it greedily from her hand. She
  then dived into the mass of black hair with her tongue and licked the stuff
  that was intertwined in the curly hair. It was immediately gone and she now
  moved her tongue to the head of his dick and licked it completely clean.  
Now she took each of her cum drenched fingers and sucked them completely
  dry. He had all but collapsed at the sight, sound, and feel of all of this.
  Now, she took each of his balls between her thumb and finger of each hand and
  gently massaged them. She knew that at this moment he was vulnerable and yet
  something inside of her would not let her try to take advantage of his condition.
  She had always loved the taste of cum and his was better than any other she
  had ever ingested. Despite the pain and degradation she realized that she was
  experiencing sex at a level she had never attained. Because of her sloppy appearance
  she had only been fucked after a night of drinking at a bar. And, in those
  cases, the men had never tried to please her, they had simply used her orifices
  as a spittoon for their cum. For once, she realized that this man was concentrating
  on her and the sex was better than she had ever dreamed possible. And, the
  pain and degradation brought her to a new level of experiences. She thought, "I
  could get into this!"   
He looked down at her and examined her closely. Her ass was heavy and unattractive.
  Her thighs were thick. Her tits were relatively small for her big frame. There
  were love handles on each side of her waist. Yet she was appealing because
  she was completely uninhibited and she was in love with dirty sex. She loved
  the feel and taste of cum. She liked punishment. At that moment he made a decision
  to change the direction he had intended to take with the two captives. BigTits
  was still on her knees with her ass up in the air and pointed toward them.
  She was listening intently to all the sounds that had transpired. He knelt
  down and placed his mouth next to LardAss' ear. He told her that the contest
  could be over and he was thinking about declaring her the winner.  
He asked, "Is there anything you would like to do to push me into  finalizing
      that decision?"   
   
She was still on her knees and she looked up at him with a Mona Lisa smile
  on her face. She reached with her mouth and touched the huge ball of his that
  was hanging down. She slowly began sucking it into her mouth. It was a very
  tight fit since she had an incredibly small mouth for such a large girl. Suddenly
  the entire nut slipped into her mouth. She began licking the underside of it
  with her tongue while sucking vigorously. At the same time she took his huge,
  thick dick in her hand and began beating a drumbeat on her forehead with the
  bulbous mushroom end. Then, with her other hand, she reached behind him and
  began massaging the rim of his ass hole with her finger. It was too much for
  him. She felt his ball swell in her mouth. She saw the end of his dick getting
  larger and throbbing as she beat it into her forehead. She could even feel
  the rim of his ass hole puckering in and out with great sexual reaction. She
  suddenly popped his right ball out of her mouth and slipped the equally huge
  dick end between her lips. He came again with huge bursts of cum, hitting the
  back of her mouth and slamming the love juice down into her throat. She swallowed
  it eagerly until he had cum completely.  
She knew from experience that men often had to piss after dropping their
  load. She asked him if he had to pee. He nodded. She stood and holding his
  dick with one hand, led him to the open shower stall. She directed him to stand
  on the built-in seat in the stall so that they were facing each other with
  his dick at her eye level. Then, he began pissing a huge yellow, splattering
  stream. She held his dick and directed the flow over her two nipples, down
  her stomach, and into the half bush that covered one side of her pussy. While
  he was still pissing she raised the head of his dick until he was splattering
  her face with piss. She opened her mouth and began swallowing the remaining
  stream as quickly as it came. He finally quit with several dribbles. She turned
  her face upward beneath his dick so that she could slurp up the final remnants
  of his piss. She was still smiling. She decided to do one more thing to seal
  the deal that she knew he was about to make with her.  
She had noticed the rolling table of paraphernalia he brought with him each
  time he came into the room. She walked over to the table, still dripping piss,
  and picked up a pair of needle nose pliers. She went over and sat on the edge
  of the table and gripped a large chunk of her own pubic hair and ripped it
  from her crotch. She continued working on the remaining portions of black,
  curly hair, tearing them out by the roots from her body. Tears of pain were
  streaming from her eyes but she never slowed the pain exploitation of her own
  body. Finally, there was not single strand of pubic hair left on her crotch.  
There were drops of blood flowing from some spots where the hair had been
  ripped to vigorously. There were additional splots of redness, and yet, there
  was something appealing about the smooth child-like pubic area on such a large
  girl. Also, her mons venus protruded tremendously. He had never seen one that
  looked so much like a mountain to be conquered. The whole thing finalized his
  decision.  
He spoke to her in a voice loud enough for BigTits to hear. "I
      declare that you are the winner and my queen slave. You will still be subjected
      to punishment and  degradation but you will also help
      oversee the events that I bring down on the body of BigTits".   
BigTits was aghast! She couldn't believe what she was hearing. While she
  was protesting, he went over to LardAss and took one of the remotes from around
  his neck and placed it over the head and around the neck of LardAss.  
He said, "This is your necklace of superiority. Use it  often
      and well!"   
She immediately pressed the button and they both watched as BigTits began
  writhing on the floor. Still pressing the button, LardAss walked over to her
  and told her to lay on her back and lay perfectly still. BigTits did so immediately
  and LardAss took her finger off of the button. LardAss looked down at the body
  of BigTits and stared at the left tit that was still swollen and still covered
  with ugly-colored bruises. LardAss lifted her foot and ground her heel into
  the tender, sore tit. BigTits began screaming and crying and tried to move
  from beneath the pressing foot. But, LardAss was too strong and she pushed
  even harder &ndash; turning the heel back and forth to cause excruciating pain.
  LardAss removed her foot and told BigTits to hold perfectly still, face up,
  with her mouth open or she would begin the foot treatment again. BigTits obeyed
  with her mouth open as wide as possible. LardAss then hunkered down over the
  inviting mouth and squeezed a huge turd directly into the mouth. BigTits began
  gagging and was going to try to spit it out but LardAss then sat down heavily
  onto the face, grinding the shit into her mouth and, finally, down into her
  throat.  
Then, LardAss said, "Look what you've done, you've  caused
      shit to smear all over my ass. Lick it off or you get more of this."   
At that she depressed the remote button again and electricity surged through
  the collar of BigTits. BigTits stuck out her tongue unwillingly and began licking
  the shit from the fat ass that was hovering inches over her face. She knew
  her life had taken a direction that no human should have to endure and, yet,
  she saw no way out! She wept.  
As he watched everything transpire he knew he had made a good decision. He
  told them both that from now on, every morning from 9:00 a.m. to noon, LardAss
  had free rein to do as she pleased with BigTits. He also indicated that although
  LardAss would continue to receive punishment, it would be more of the &quot;playful&quot; variety
  just to keep her accustomed to a daily life of some sort of punishment. He
  also told them that from this day hence, LardAss would have regular meals eaten
  with silverware off of a normal plate. BigTits, on the other hand, would have
  only dog food and various bodily fluids and excrement eaten from a dog dish.
  He told LardAss that from now on she would never have to wipe when she pissed
  or shit. Instead, he indicated, BigTits would now be responsible for all wiping.
  And, to ensure she did a good job, BigTits would have to lick the ass hole
  and pussy she had just wiped. He told BigTits that each day she would receive
  three enema treatments. Furthermore, every other day she would be fucked in
  the ass by him. On the days she wasn't ass fucked she would wear a butt plug
  for the entire day. He further told her that the butt plug would be increased
  in size each day until her ass hole gaped open in an amount that he deemed
  worthy to use as a spittoon. He told BigTits that she would hold his dick every
  time he pissed. But, when he pissed, she would be sitting on the toilet and
  it would be to her advantage to get good at aiming his dick because he would
  be pissing in the small gap between her thighs and the toilet rim. Any piss
  that hit the floor or the toilet rim would have to be wiped up with her tongue.
  She would also be responsible for wiping, and licking his ass after each time
  he took a shit. He told them both that on the off days when he wasn't butt
  fucking BigTits, he would be fucking LardAss in the pussy. During those times
  she would be assuming the &quot;69&quot; position with BigTits on the bottom.
  Thus, his balls would be riding on BigTits' face while he was fucking LardAss.
  BigTits was to lick his balls during the entire time of the intercourse. Then,
  after he had come in LardAss' pussy, BigTits would have the responsibility
  of cleaning the dripping pussy with her tongue.  
There would also be considerable body piercing and branding imposed upon
  BigTits' beautiful body. He would give her details as he imposed each action.
  Finally he told LardAss that she had thirty minutes to deprive BigTits of her
  remaining half of pussy hair. LardAss responded immediately by jolting BigTits
  with an electrical current as she told her to lie still on her back. Then LardAss
  sat on BigTits stomach facing the half-covered pussy. She took the pliers and
  began reaping the cunt hair with a vengeance &ndash; pulling and throwing it
  in every direction. BigTits jumped with each yank but tried to hold still as
  much as possible lest she get shocked again. Within seventeen minutes the pussy
  was completely devoid of any growth. LardAss then took the pliers and grabbed
  the clit of the newly bald pussy. She gave it a twist and a yank until it was
  stretched out as far as her arm muscles would permit. BigTits was screaming
  and writhing in pain. However, the huge ass on her stomach kept her from moving
  too far and tears were rolling from her eyes. LardAss gave it a final pull
  and released it suddenly to let it snap back like a rubber band. Then, LardAss
  swung around 180 degrees to face the beautiful tits. She grabbed the nipple
  of the damaged tit with the pliers and the other nipple with her thumb and
  forefinger. She pulled the nipples toward each other until they actually crossed.
  She then began squeezing with all of her might. BigTits was in pain and shock,
  drool was running from her mouth as she tried to beg for release from the enormous
  pain to which she was being subjected. LardAss told her to open her mouth wide
  and shut up. BigTits opened her mouth as though she were in a dentist chair.
  LardAss began spitting into the wide open mouth. Most of the spit hit the target
  although some missed and landed on cheeks, eyelids, and even in her nostril.
  When LardAss had spit herself dry she released the nipples and laughed uproariously.
  As he watched, his dick became hard again he walked over and sat on the face
  of BigTits, facing LardAss who was still straddling the stomach of the once-beautiful
  blonde.  
He said, &quot;Jack me off.&quot;   
She grasped the incredibly thick dick with both hands and began working with
  all her might. As they both felt the cum building in his dick he stood up and
  told BigTits to open wide. LardAss guided his dick and much of the gism shot
  into the open mouth. However, two big globs missed their target and hit the
  left eyelid of BigTits. The globs actually glued the eye lid shut. As she instinctively
  opened the lid, a strand of cum laid across the eyeball causing her immense
  pain. She tried to wipe it away but her arms were held captive by LardAss.  
He said, "Here, I'll help."   
He spit continuously onto the eyelid until their was a good mix of saliva
  and cum. Then, he grabbed his dick and pissed into her face washing away the
  liquid mixture. BigTits could deal with this no longer and she passed out.
  He revived her with smelling salts and told her he was almost done for that
  day. At that, he walked over to the toilet and sat down. He directed BigTits
  to come over and lay her face between his legs. Then, he dropped an enormous
  load of shit into the bowl. The smell in the entire room was overwhelming,
  it must have been ferocious in the proximity of BigTits' face. When he was
  finished he told BigTits to wipe his ass. She tried her best but she was forlorn
  after three wipes when each wad of toilet paper seemed to show an unending
  supply of shit from his ass.  
He looked at her and smiled. He turned around, bent over, and said, "Start
      licking."   
When she hesitated, LardAss gave her a jolt on the collar. She reached forward
  reluctantly with her tongue and placed it in the crack of his ass. His ass
  was coated with hair and it seemed as though each hair was a gathering post
  for little clumps of shit. LardAss moved forward and used her hands to spread
  his cheeks so that a good view could be seen. It was a shit garden. One more
  jolt and BigTits started licking, gagging, heaving, swallowing the rising gorge
  and she wept unceasingly as she was forced to lick and swallow the clumps of
  shit. When his ass was finally clean and wet with saliva LardAss told her, &quot;Good
  job shiteater.&quot;  He looked at both of them and told LardAss
  she was on her own for the night. He left.  
The First Session of the New Regime   
   
He entered the room just before 9:00 a.m. to see how LardAss would use her
  three hours of dominion. As usual, he brought with him the rolling table full
  of various implements. He sat down and told LardAss she could begin when ready.
  BigTits was panic-stricken and knew that her life could only get worse although
  even yesterday she had thought it was bad as it could get. LardAss told BigTits
  to stay on her knees and reach back with her hands to spread her cheeks. As
  she did this she fell forward on her still injured tit and let out a scream.
  But the worse was yet to come. LardAss went to the table and picked up a twelve-inch
  dildo that was incredibly thick and lined everywhere with hard plastic studs.
  She took it, walked over to the sprawling spread beauty and began grinding
  the dildo into the lovely ass hole of the stricken slave. BigTits screamed
  with agony but she was afraid to pull away. Gradually the torturous implement
  ground into her bowels until it was completely imbedded. Then LardAss began
  rotating it back and forth, causing the studs to rub furiously against the
  tender inner linings of the bowels. BigTits screeched even louder and begged
  for relief.  
LardAss quit rotating the instrument of terror and walked over to the table
  and put a sixteen-inch strap on dildo. She knelt down behind the still tortured
  slave and with the entire weight of her body slammed the dildo into the waiting
  pussy until it was completely buried. BigTits had never felt such filling pain
  in all her life. Her ass hole and pussy were stretched to their max and she
  thought the pain unbearable. Yet, LardAss began fucking her with the strap-on,
  and, at the same time she grasped the butt impaler and began sliding it in
  and out.  
As BigTits screamed in agony she began feeling a surge of arousal. She tried
  to resist it but the sexual impalement was too much. Suddenly, in a huge burst,
  she came with a climax that was unlike any she had ever experienced. She had
  trouble separating the feelings of pain and the feelings of ecstasy. She screamed
  at the release and screamed at the pain. Pussy juice somehow found itself around
  the plastic dick that was buried in her pussy.  
LardAss removed both implements and went around to the enraptured face of
  BigTits. She began shoving one of the coated dildos into the mouth of the victim.
  Then, she began to rapidly exchange each dildo, shoving them in and out until
  all the shit and cum and bodily fluids were completely removed from both instruments.
  LardAss went to the table again and picked up a wire coat hanger. She bent
  it to a shape she liked and went again to the rear end of the fallen angel.
  BigTits began shuddering because she had seen her with the hanger and knew
  what was in store. Just as the hanger was about to strike he intervened.  
He said, "Let's set her up so her insides are being punished as
      much as her outside."   
   
He put a spreader bar on the legs of BigTits and secured a line to each ankle.
  The lines were threaded through pulleys in the ceiling. He directed LardAss
  to give him a hand and they both began to pull until BigTits was dangling upside
  down with her head about two feet above the floor. She was sobbing as she realized
  the vulnerability of her position. He then opened an ice chest he had brought
  in and withdrew a fourteen-inch dildo, made entirely of ice. It was incredibly
  thick and detailed. He had machined the mold himself and it was complete down
  to a vein running beneath the frozen dick. He walked up to the pussy that was
  just about at eye level and told LardAss to spread the lips of the waiting
  pussy. He then slammed the ice dick into the pussy. He rammed with all his
  strength until it was completely buried. BigTits was screaming in agony as
  the ice actually burned the lining of her once beautiful pussy. As the ice
  was interacting with her pussy lining, vapor was escaping from the love tunnel
  in the same manner as someone's breath on a cold winter morning.  
He then picked up an enema bag that he had prepared especially for this occasion.
  Instead of water, it was filled with Louisiana hot sauce. It was rumored that
  this sauce could make a desert lizard sweat. He pushed the nozzle into her
  ass hole and began squeezing the enema bag. As the full load of sauce squished
  into her bowels she felt as thought her guts had been set afire. The hot sauce
  seemed to find every crevice inside her colon. She was now conflicted with
  almost too many pain signals to bear. Her pussy was on fire from the direct
  contact of the ice. Her bowels were burning with a searing heat. Her guts seemed
  full to a point that she would not have dreamed possible. When all the burning
  liquid was inside of her he sealed it off with an inflatable butt plug and
  watched the reactions to all the stuff that was inside her.  
He then directed LardAss to get behind her and hold her head perfectly still.
  He began pissing into the open, screaming mouth. As she tried to close her
  mouth with a gurgling screech he moved his pissing dick slightly and directed
  the yellow stream into her upturned nostrils. She felt the hot burning liquid
  going into her sinuses and she tried to gasp air through her mouth. He had
  a full bladder and he was able to direct the stream into her face openings
  for an unbelievable term. When he was finished he shook the end of his dick
  so that the last few drops would hit against her.  
She was still screaming in agony from the pain to her insides and he told
  LardAss, &quot;Now you can give her the hanger treatment."   
LardAss relished the target with eagerness and lifted her strong arm for
  the first swing. BigTits was weeping. She was weeping from the present pain.
  She was weeping from the pain she knew she was about to receive. She was weeping
  as she realized what her future would be. He was smiling. He was smiling as
  he saw the present pain. He was smiling from the pain he knew she was about
  to receive. He was smiling as he realized what her future would be. LardAss
  was gathering strength. She was gathering strength from the present pain of
  BigTits. She was gathering strength from the pain she knew BigTits was about
  to receive. She was gathering strength as she realized what BigTit's future
  would be.  
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter II   
FlatAss and LardAss   
 (  or &ndash; a bicycle
        built for two &ndash; holes  )   
The man and LardAss were in their usual morning position. She was on her
  hands and knees and he was on his knees behind her, fucking her ass. LardAss
  had been his slave and partner for a full year. She was a big girl &ndash; only
  nineteen years old, five foot eleven inches tall, 170 pounds. She had relatively
  small tits for a girl her size, a huge flabby ass and thick thighs. However,
  she loved to receive pain, inflict pain, and there was no aspect of dirty sex
  that she did not like. She loved the feel of his thick dick in her ass. The
  end of his dick was an incredibly large mushroom end and she especially liked
  the out strokes of his ass-fucking because she liked the scraping feel of the
  rim of this dick head on the inside of her anal canal. They performed this
  ass fucking every morning and used this time to talk to one another. He liked
  seeing her look back over her shoulder as he slowly stroked the inside of her
  ass. He was doing it this morning with an unusually slow motion and his huge
  balls were slapping against her pussy. His huge left nut that hung four inches
  lower than the other ball was almost wrapping itself completely over her pussy
  and actually slapping against her clit. She was breathing hard with ecstasy
  as she tried to keep mentally engaged in the conversation.  
They were discussing with some sorrow the unprofitable departure of their
  personal sex slave named BigTits. They had used and abused BigTits for a year.
  She had started out as an incredibly beautiful and shapely blonde, thirty-year-old.
  At the end of a year of superb punishment and degradation she had been reduced
  to a quivering hulk of her former self. Her once-beautiful tits had been reduced
  to shapeless blobs of tit fat that had no appeal at all. Her pussy had been
  abused and stretched so much that it was a black tunnel that no discerning
  man would want to enter. Her ass hole gaped open so wide all the time that
  she actually had trouble holding in her own shit. The insides of her ass and
  pussy had been scarred and damaged so much that they no longer had feeling.
  Worst of all, her mind had been reduced to an unreactive blob of nothingness
  that cared not at all what happened to any part of her body. He had sold her
  to a white slave trader whom he had to practically beg to take her off of his
  hands. The trader had finally relented and gave him a token finder's fee of
  twenty-five dollars.  
As he continued to stroke the inside of LardAss' butt with his dick, he was
  discussing with her whether it was better to take an ultimate slave so far
  down the path of destruction and receive nothing for her. Or, should they consider
  stopping before it went so far so that they could receive more profit. It was
  a tough decision.  
He continued fucking LardAss' ass hole and describing to her the next victim
  to be brought into their fold. Her name was Nicki. She lived about two blocks
  down the street. He had been observing her for over five years. She was in
  her mid-twenties, small at five foot two inches. Her body was slight and in
  good shape. Despite the small frame she carried an incredibly large set of
  tits &ndash; at least C cups no doubt. Her skin was olive indicating that she
  had Hispanic blood in her veins. Her hair was black and her face was attractive.
  She also had an incredibly large mouth for such a small woman. She liked to
  prance around in her back yard in a teeny bikini that indicated she was quite
  proud of her body and its lack of body fat. Her ass didn't look like much but
  her tits more than offset that shortcoming.  
His dick was starting to pulsate inside of LardAss' shit tunnel and she knew
  he was about to come. She had a good sense of his timing and just as she knew
  he was coming she pulled away from his dick, turned around and surrounded the
  large mushroom end with her mouth. His cum started slamming into the back of
  her throat and she swallowed it eagerly, sucking even harder to retrieve as
  much as possible from his huge balls that she was massaging vigorously with
  her hands. When he was finished coming, she licked and sucked all of her shit
  off of his dick. She had grown to love the taste and texture of the mixture
  of cum and shit. She knew he had to piss after every orgasm so she led him
  by his dick into the open shower stall. He stepped on to the built-in bench
  and she held his dick. A huge yellow stream sprang forth from the end of his
  dick and she guided it all over her body &ndash; on to her tits and her bald
  mountain of a pussy. She was able to gauge how much piss he could put out and
  for the last portion, she placed her open mouth beneath the stream and let
  it flow effortlessly into her waiting throat. She swallowed it eagerly and
  finished by licking the last few drops from the wide piss hole at the end of
  his dick. She felt fulfilled. He was actually getting bored with this routine
  and he was grateful another victim would be entering their domain.  
The New Addition   
    
Nicki had been chloroformed and captured and was strung up in the room. She
  was naked. Her arms were above her head, spread wide, and secured by the wrists
  to the ceiling. Her ankles were secured to the floor in such a way that her
  legs were spread quite wide. Overall, her body was stretched quite tightly
  between her ankles and her wrists. Duct tape was in place over her mouth.  
He placed smelling salts beneath her nose and she began to become awake.
  Her face was panic-stricken as she realized that she was secured and naked.
  Her senses could not put together what was taking place and her mind was trying
  to organize her thoughts so that she could determine what was taking place.
  As her eyes came to focus, she saw a large, disheveled naked woman to her right
  and a man to her left who was naked from the waist down. His dick was erect
  and incredibly thick. The end of it was larger than anything she could have
  imagined would sit on the end of a dick. They were slowly walking around her,
  180 O  apart, observing her and commenting on her
  appearance. Nicki tried to scream but nothing would come through the tape over
  her mouth. In a shocking way she became aware of the collar that was in place
  around her neck. She had seen the woman reaching for a remote hanging around
  her neck and, at the same time, Nicki felt an incredible electric charge emit
  from the collar and soar through her body. It was so sudden and painful that
  she pissed herself. She was completely beside herself as she tried to deal
  with her predicament and her shame.  
The two observers came together and began groping the captive's huge breasts.
  Their eyes were drawn to her huge nipples. Her nipples were dark &ndash; almost
  black &ndash; and larger than many women's tits. The areolas were similarly
  gigantic, thick-skinned, and huge. They not only covered the entire ends of
  the stupendous tits but they actually wrapped around them, going towards the
  chest of the hanging slave-to-be.  
He said, "Let's make a wish."   
LardAss grabbed one huge nipple while he grabbed the other. They could actually
  grasp each nipple with a thumb and three fingers. They began pulling with all
  of their might in opposite directions &ndash; even using their entire bodies
  to lean into the direction of force they were applying. Nicki had always enjoyed
  men's response to these huge sticks of nipples but now, experiencing such pain,
  for once, she would had given anything not to have these huge appendages sticking
  from the ends of her tits. At a nod from him, they both turned loose of the
  nipples at the same time and watched the elongated tits snap back and actually
  crash into one another.  
They continued discussing her body. They talked about the thick, black, glossy
  pubic hair that covered her pussy and the lower half of her stomach.  
LardAss said, "I'll enjoy taking that jungle from her!&quot;   
He told her she could do that before the hour was over. Nicki was beside
  herself with terror as she realized what these words meant. The two observers
  than went around behind her to experience their biggest disappointment. The
  bitch had absolutely no ass at all! Her back simply made a transition from
  back to thighs with no hint of an ass at all. She could have been a young boy!
  He reached forward and pulled apart the skin on either side of her ass crack
  and saw the tiniest ass hole he had ever seen.  
He thought, "I'm going to enjoy enlarging that little bud."   
   
Nicki tried to pull away from his exploring hands but she was strung too
  tightly. She could only shiver with fear. To her sorrow she could feel her
  nipples enlarging with the touch of his hands and she wondered why her body
  was reacting to this disgusting invasion. He, too, had a remote around his
  neck and he gave her collar a surge that lasted for thirty seconds. As Nicki
  shook and quivered she hoped she would die, but she didn't.  
He said, "From this day hence, your name is no longer Nicki. It
      is 'FlatAss'. That is the only name you will respond to and you must respond
      quickly or you will be severely punished."   
Nick had always been ashamed of her butt-less backside and it hurt her emotionally
  as she realized her new name would constantly remind her of this feminine defect.  
They both returned to FlatAss' front and he determined that he would give
  her the first dose of what was in store for her. He went to the table of paraphernalia
  and picked up a cordless, variable-speed drill with a huge, hard plastic dildo
  in its chuck. He advanced toward her and rubbed the end of the dildo against
  her spread-open pussy. She tried to twist and turn and avoid the touch but
  to no avail. Tears began springing from her eyes in lieu of the scream that
  could not escape her lips. Suddenly, he rammed the entire length of the dildo
  into her dry pussy. She shrieked silently. He turned the drill onto a low rpm
  and watched the apparatus rotating in her love tunnel. Her pelvis shuddered
  as she felt the mechanical invasion and he increased the rpm's until the drill
  was turning at its maximum capacity. The inner tendons of her thighs were rippling
  with vibrations from the drill rotation. Her pussy was burning with the friction
  of the unnatural tool in her love box and yet, at the same time, she felt sexual
  arousal flowing through her body.  
As her pussy was becoming hot with friction, it was also becoming hot with
  sexual reactions and suddenly her entire body began bucking and twisting in
  spite of her tight bondage. She was having the most excruciating orgasm she
  had ever experienced. Since the twisting drill had no limit to its ability
  to keep going, her orgasms kept coming in waves of ecstasy until he flipped
  the drill switch to reverse and began slowly extracting it from her love cavity.
  She passed out and slumped in her securing harness. The end of the dildo was
  covered with pussy juice and it was actually hot to the touch. He again applied
  the smelling salts and she immediately was awake.  
He took the dildo and wiped the pussy juice all across her face and into
  her hair until it was completely dry. She could smell herself and she was ashamed.
  She had never experienced such degradation but, even worse, she knew that this
  was only the beginning.  
LardAss now approached her with pliers that had a set of huge clamps in place
  on the end instead of the typical pliers nose ends. They were locking type
  pliers. She reached down to the thick, black bush of FlatAss and used the lock
  pliers to grab a huge thatch of the pubic jungle. LardAss used all of the bulk
  of her body to give the thatch a huge yank and rip the hair completely from
  her groin. FlatAss was beside herself with pain. But before she could even
  attempt to reconcile her nerve endings to what was taking place, LardAss repeated
  the process on another area and suddenly was a swirl of ripping arms, locking
  pliers and flying pubic hair. Within minutes the entire crotch was completely
  devoid of the erotic black patch that had formerly covered the love entrance
  to the captive lady. Tears were cascading from the eyes of FlatAss and she
  knew her life was going to be a living hell of sexual mistreatment and abuse.
  She didn't want to go on living but in the back of her mind, was the wonderful
  orgasm she had experienced that was greater than anything she knew existed.  
He now walked over in front of FlatAss and bent over with his ass pointing
  directly at her face. She didn't want to look but, like a car wreck, she couldn't
  take her eyes away. She had seen naked men but never from this angle. It was
  not a pretty sight. His ass was particularly hairy and there were small flecks
  of shit clinging to the hair around his nether hole. His balls hung down obscenely
  and they were larger than any other she had seen. The left nut was particularly
  repulsive because it hung down a good four inches lower than the right one.
  But, this was only the beginning of repulsive sights to her. LardAss had gotten
  down on her hands and knees and was now crawling over to him. She reached up
  with her tongue and began earnestly licking the left nut. Then, her tongue
  moved up to the crack of his ass and began slurping up the flecks of shit &ndash; taking
  them in and swallowing them.  
Then, in one quick lunge, the tongue entered his ass hole and began reaming
  him out. FlatAss had never even dreamed about anything like this and she almost
  gagged at the thought. After what seemed like(to FlatAss) an eternity of ass
  reaming, LardAss got up and walked over to the strung up babe. She ripped off
  the tape from the reluctant mouth and as FlatAss started to yell, LardAss plunged
  her own tongue into the aghast mouth before the scream could escape. FlatAss
  was so startled she didn't know how to react. She had never had a woman's tongue
  in her mouth &ndash; let alone a woman's tongue that was coated in shit. After
  swabbing the inside of the virgin mouth completely with her tongue, LardAss
  began spitting into the waiting mouth while her finger reached down and impaled
  itself on the surprised pussy of FlatAss. FlatAss was gurgling as LardAss pulled
  her face back and said, "Swallow it or I will rip out your pussy!"   The
  spit-saturated shit was immediately swallowed as FlatAss began heaving and
  groaning.  
LardAss said, "If you vomit I will rub your face in it."   
FlatAss hurriedly swallowed the rank bile that had risen in her gullet. Meanwhile,
  he had walked up behind the new captive, and tentatively put his index finger
  in the crack of the meager ass and probed at the opening to the small shit
  hole. FlatAss tried to pull herself up and away from the probing finger and
  from the finger that was already imbedded in her pussy, but to no avail. She
  was bound securely. At that, he plunged his finger into the dry ass hole until
  it was buried to the hilt. FlatAss let out a screech at the insult that had
  been applied to her backside. LardAss reached for her remote and zapped a bolt
  of electricity through the collar and said, "Shut your mouth you
  fucking cunt or I will zap you until you die!"   
FlatAss took her at her word and shut up as two fingers continued to rut
  around in the two holes between her legs. The man and LardAss then began trying
  to rub their fingers together through the thin membrane that separated the
  pussy tunnel from the shit chute. Much to FlatAss' discomfort, the two attackers
  could indeed feel each other's fingers. They increased the intrusion to two
  fingers each. The pussy accepted the invasion with relative ease but the ass
  hole was completely different. There was no way it wanted two fingers in its
  domain. But, he was strong, the rim hole reluctantly accepted the intrusion.  
He said, "Let's go for three,"  and both of them, with
  the precision of a drill team, rammed three fingers together into the waiting
  holes. By now, the violated ass hole had given up completely and accepted the
  three fingers. They both began spreading their fingers inside the holes. Pussy
  juice was saturating the fingers of LardAss and the man was feeling slick textures
  of shit intertwining with his fingers. He nodded his head and they both withdrew
  at the same time and looked at the fingers coated with the prizes they had
  both retrieved. Directly in front of FlatAss they put the coated fingers in
  each other's mouths and sucked eagerly. He tasted the grand taste of the pussy
  juice and she slurped the gritty shit that was all over his fingers.  
FlatAss could not believe what she was seeing. They both seemed capable of
  degrading themselves while they were degrading her. Her mind could not make
  sense of the things she was seeing and sensing.  
He said, "Welcome to our world."   
   
At that, they both turned around and left the room. They watched her through
  the one-way mirror as she looked all around to try to determine how she was
  going to escape from this horror. Directly in front of her was a wide screen
  television that was connected to a VCR. In the VCR was a tape that contained
  all the highlights of the torture that had been applied to her predecessor,
  BigTits. T he tape was turned on and she could not escape the images shown
  before her eyes. She saw rape, ass fuckings, forced eating of shit, cum, vomit,
  and dog food. She saw beatings that she did not know could be so brutal. She
  saw the insertion of incredible objects into holes that she thought would never
  accept such devices. She saw the use of pliers, clamps, and electricity to
  completely break the spirit of what had obviously once been a proud and beautiful
  woman. Even worse, she saw BigTit's acceptance, and, even welcome of the violations
  that were placed upon her. She saw enemas that she never dreamed someone would
  use in such a brutal and offhand manner. And, to her unbelieving eyes, she
  saw the violated and abused woman experience orgasms that she would not have
  thought possible. Finally, she saw the vacating of the woman's spirit until
  she was only a lump of stuff that had no spirit or reason to live.  
The tape lasted for six hours and from the imprinted recorder markings she
  could determine that it covered the span of a year. FlatAss was in incredible
  physical pain from the way she was strung up. But this pain did not even begin
  to approach the mental and emotional pain she experienced as she realized that
  she was probably the one to take the place of BigTits. FlatAss knew she was
  doomed. She did not know how she would cope with this.  
The Bicycle   
   
He had been a mechanical designer and machinist by trade. When he had been
  watching FlatAss during her time in the neighborhood he had particularly liked
  to watch her go by on her bicycle. She seemed to take pride in her ability
  to maintain a fast pace and  in wearing incredibly skimpy
  workout clothes. In preparation for her he had been working for months on a
  stationary bicycle to modify it for his special purposes. It was now time to
  put it to work. LardAss and he entered the room and noted her complete distress
  as a result of the torture and abuse video she had watched for six solid hours.
  He indicated to FlatAss that this, or worse, could be her fate unless she obeyed
  LardAss and him completely.  
She quickly nodded her head and practically screamed out, "I'll
      do whatever you want! Please, please, please don't do those things to me."   
   
He told her he was willing to give her a chance &ndash; one chance only &ndash; but
  she must be in complete obedience. She quickly replied that she would do anything.
  He went over to a corner of the room and uncovered the stationary bicycle.
  Its saddle had been re-designed so that two dildos were protruding two inches
  above the saddle. When he had captured FlatAss, and, during her time of unconsciousness,
  he had carefully measured the distance between her pussy and her ass hole.
  These measurements were used in the final adjustments he made to the bicycle
  in spacing the dildos. He and LardAss took huge globs of lubricant and began
  applying to the insides of FlatAss' pussy and ass hole. She jerked at the intrusion
  but did her best to hold still. Then, he released her from her bonds and told
  her to go over and sit on the stationary bicycle.  
She was both frightened and intrigued by the sight of the protrusions from
  the saddle. At his direction she mounted it gingerly and slowly lowered herself
  until a dildo was in place in each of her lower openings. She began trembling.
  He told her that the machine was his design and had some interesting features.
  He explained that it had been wired so that it, too, had a connection to the
  electronic dog collar around her neck. He suggested she rise up off of the
  saddle to understand. She did so and immediately felt a horrible shock to her
  body through the collar. She immediately plopped back down on to the saddle
  and the shock ceased. He explained that she must never rise off of the saddle
  or she would be shocked. He further explained that each time she did rise up
  the shock would increase in intensity. In her position at that time the pedal
  under her right foot was in the uppermost position. He told her to press down
  on the right pedal. She did so and the front dildo immediately plunged ten
  inches in to her pussy. She was so surprised that she lifted up and, when she
  did, a stronger shock went through the collar. She immediately fell and impaled
  herself back on to the front dildo. He told her to now push down the left pedal
  with her foot. She did and the front dildo withdrew to its original position
  of only two inches into her pussy while, at the same time, the rear dildo slammed
  six inches into her ass hole. She screamed but didn't move as the felt the
  hard plastic invade her bowels and cramp her to the utmost.  
He asked her what her typical stroke count was when she worked out on her
  real bicycle. She explained that she tried to maintain eighty-five strokes
  per minute. He told her that he was going to be kind and only require eighty
  strokes per minute. He then told her that she had two minutes to get up to
  that count.  
"And,"  he said, "once you have arrived at
      eighty strokes, I will set the bicycle so that it will shock  you
      every time you fall behind the required stroke count."   
She begged him not to do this &ndash; she told him there was no way she could
  maintain that rhythm with the two dildos invading her private parts.  
He said, "You'll be surprised what you can do when properly motivated.
      Begin now or else!"   
Sadly, she began pedaling and immediately got her rhythm up to eighty-two
  strokes per minute. The dildos were pounding alternately into her pussy and
  ass hole and it was all she could do to remain seated in the invading saddle.
  She had always liked the feel of the saddle on her bicycle because she secretly
  liked the massage of her clit that it provided. But &ndash; this was a whole
  new ball game. She let her concentration slide and fell to seventy-nine strokes
  per minute. Bam! A huge shock of electricity zoomed through her body. She picked
  up the pace. She was starting to sweat and her two holes felt as though they
  were being ripped to shreds. She asked him if she could please stop.  
He said, "You're in good shape &ndash; I want thirty minutes out
      of you."   
She thought, "Oh God, I can't do this!"   
But, she kept on and soon realized that she could develop a rhythm that was
  in tune to the two plunging dildos. Sweat was coming out of every pore and
  her olive skin was glistening. Her hair was matted to her neck and her nipples
  were engorged so that they were bigger than most women's tits. But, to her
  dismay, she was becoming aroused from the two dildos stroking in to her at
  eighty cycles a minute. She could tell that her neck and ears were becoming
  flushed as they always did during sexual arousal. Suddenly a huge orgasm overcame
  her and as she shuddered a foot slipped off of the pedal. Zap! She was shocked
  again and she had trouble separating the electricity from the orgasm. In fact,
  her orgasm became even more intense and she felt pussy juice cascading around
  the tight seal of the dildo. She immediately began pedaling again and the electricity
  stopped. But the orgasm didn't. Her breath was coming in quick gasps and orgasms
  were slamming her one after another. She actually picked up the pace and now
  she was attaining racers' speeds of one hundred strokes per minute. Her heart
  was pounding, her thighs were crying from burning pain, and her pussy and ass
  hole were beginning to burn from the friction despite the previous liberal
  application of lubricant. Most of all, her clit was sending extraordinary signals
  to her brain and the orgasms were blending one into the other until her eyes
  seemed to disappear as her pupils rolled upwards.  
She was screaming, "Oh God &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck
      me &ndash; fuck me,"   even though they were only two pieces
      of plastic that were giving her the pleasure.  
All at once she passed out and fell from the saddle of the bicycle. Electricity
  was ramming through her body and she didn't even feel it. She was out. Since
  the electricity was doing nothing he shut it off.  
He walked over to her prone body and said to LardAss, "I have to
      piss."   
LardAss immediately came over and held his dick and he began to piss a huge
  yellow stream. His slave/plaything directed the stream over FlatAss' entire
  body, lingering the stream at her bloody, cream-leaking pussy and her ass hole.
  Finally, she walked the stream up the body and directly into the face of the
  semi-conscious, exhausted bitch. FlatAss began to revive as she felt the hot,
  acrid stream hitting her face. She was too exhausted to move and she simply
  lay there and let herself be covered in piss. As he finished, LardAss bent
  over and sucked the last few drops of piss from the end of his dick. She licked
  her lips and then got down on her knees beside the weakened captive.  
She lowered her mouth to the mouth of FlatAss and plunged her tongue into
  the waiting oral cavity. She rolled her tongue around and, to her surprise,
  FlatAss instinctively reciprocated by sneaking her tongue back into LardAss'
  mouth. They swapped spit and began moving their hands over each other's body.
  LardAss immediately got astride the waiting face and slammed her bare, fat
  pussy directly over the mouth. At first, FlatAss was shocked since she had
  never had an experience such as this. But, the musty smell, the strange taste,
  and the fat pussy lips resting on her mouth lips were having their effect.
  Soon, FlatAss was stirring her tongue into the pussy pot &ndash; licking the
  inside of the pussy walls and then moving her tongue up to the engorged clit.
  LardAss began shaking and quivering and finally came in one huge orgasm. Pussy
  juice gushed into the waiting mouth of FlatAss and she could do nothing but
  swallow as quickly as possible. LardAss lifted herself up, stood over the face
  of FlatAss and let loose with a healthy stream of piss. The yellow liquid was
  splashing on to the face of FlatAss, into her eyes, her nostrils, her mouth,
  and throughout her hair. FlatAss' mind rebelled against all of these sensations
  and she finally passed out into relieving unconsciousness.  
When she awoke, at first, she was unable to focus on what was going on. As
  her brain cleared away the fog of her emotions, she realized that she was hanging
  upside down. A bar was forcing her legs apart. Her ankles were secured to ropes
  that went up into some kind of mechanical device attached to the ceiling. This
  device was rotating her body two revolutions per minute. As she completed each
  rotation, her upside down eyes saw that the man and LardAss were standing on
  opposite sides of her, about six feet from her. She also noticed that mirrors
  were located strategically so that she could see her body as it swung past
  the reflection of the mirrors. She noticed that some type of black marker had
  been used to draw circles and rectangles on her body. Inside of each of these
  geometric shapes was a number that she could not read in her upside down position.  
If she could have analyzed everything that was written and drawn on her body,
  her sense of foreboding would have been even more intense. The number 120 had
  been written directly on to each of her huge nipples. A circle was drawn at
  the outer edge of each areola and the number &quot;100&quot; written inside
  of it. Similarly, a circle had been drawn around her pussy also with the same
  number. A six inch circle had been drawn around her navel with the number &quot;80&quot; inside
  of it. Lines had been drawn around the tops of each thigh and each knee. Between
  these two lines was the number &quot;60&quot;. A line had been drawn around
  each ankle. On each calf, had been written the number &quot;40&quot;. The number &quot;10&quot; was
  written on each foot. Circles had been drawn around each of the flat cheeks
  of her ass and the number &quot;60&quot; had been written inside of each of
  these circles. An arrow was pointed to the crack of her ass and the number &quot;100&quot; was
  written at the end of the arrow. She was a human game board!  
The man and LardAss were each holding a coiled up bullwhip. He explained
  to FlatAss that they were going to have a contest. Each one would take turns
  with a stroke of the whip. Wherever a welt appeared would determine how many
  points would be awarded for each stroke. The first one to score 5,000 points
  would be declared the winner. FlatAss began begging, screaming, and crying
  all at the same time. He replied by letting fly with the whip and the tip just
  missed the pussy circle but caught the solid outside edge of the navel circle.
  She screamed in pure agony.  
He announced, "Eighty points!"    
Then, before FlatAss could completely reconcile herself to the sharp pain
  that had just been inflicted on her stomach, LardAss let fly and the tip of
  the whip resounded soundly on the left nipple. The human scoreboard let lose
  with a screech that echoed from the walls and LardAss shouted, "One
  hundred twenty points."   
Each of the tormentors then began in earnest and after twenty minutes, FlatAss'
  body was a complete human canvas of ugly welts, blood, and angry stripes. LardAss
  had accumulated 4,960 points. He had tallied 4,900 points. FlatAss was reduced
  to a sub-human being of groans, cries, and screams. Mucus was erupting from
  her nose and running down into her eyes. Then he gave her the bad news. He
  told her that the rules of the game stated that the winner must land exactly
  on 5,000 points &ndash; they could not win by exceeding the necessary point
  total. Thus, LardAss needed 40 points and he needed 100 points.  
He aimed for the crack of her ass but missed and landed a solid stripe on
  her flat right ass cheek. She screeched in agony. Now his total matched LardAss'
  total. LardAss took aim at her calf but landed on her thigh.  
"Sorry,"   she said(with mock sincerity),  "that's
      too many points &ndash; they don't count."   
He also did the same and also landed on her thigh. It seemed as though they
  were missing on purpose and her thighs were becoming shredded pieces of skin.
  Finally, he let fly with an accurate shot and landed square in the middle of
  her calf to claim the forty points needed to win. He walked over to the human,
  hanging, rotating whipping post and asked her if she would like him to wash
  down her many scars.  
She sobbed, "Yes &ndash; anything to give me relief!"   
At that he began pissing all over her. He deliberately aimed the huge yellow
  stream directly on to the worst welts. The uric acid of his piss soaked directly
  into them and intensified the pain to a degree that she would not have thought
  possible. She finally passed out.  
The Meal   
   
When FlatAss revived she found herself secured to the floor with her arms
  stretched above her head and her legs spread. She was sore from one end to
  the other and it was incredibly painful everywhere her back touched the floor.
  A mat lay beside her. He had brought in a picnic basket and he asked if she
  was hungry. She had not eaten in two days. This, coupled with the physical
  and emotional stress, had left her famished. She eagerly replied that she was
  hungry &ndash; failing to realize that there was no act of kindness to take
  place in this room. He told her that they would prepare her a meal. At that,
  LardAss flopped down on her back on the mat in such a way that her midsection
  was level with the eyes of FlatAss. FlatAss looked up at him standing there
  and saw that his short dick was eagerly erect. She could not believe its girth.
  It was unbelievably thick. Even more astounding was the size of the mushroom
  end of the circumcised tool.  
He suddenly fell on top of LardAss with a resounding splat and his dick buried
  itself to the hilt in the fat pussy. Then, he and LardAss began fucking like
  crazed rabbits. He was pounding his dick into her pussy and she, in turn, was
  replying by throwing her pussy up at him with incredible spastic jerks. They
  were both screaming at the top of their lungs.  
She was saying, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me you son-of-a-bitch!"   
He was shouting back, "Take by dick you fat-ass, no good cunt!"   
All the time this was going on, their pounding groins were exactly beside
  the eyes of the captive FlatAss. She had never witnessed such raw sex in her
  entire life. He was supporting himself on one hand and using the other hand
  to slap and backhand the face of the heavy bitch beneath him. The actual imprint
  of his hand could be seen on her face. She was grasping his ass in a death
  grip and burying her fingernails into his muscular butt cheeks. Blood could
  actually be seen from the ten imprints in his rear end. She began having a
  chain of orgasms and her screams rose to a pitch that was almost beyond human
  hearing. He felt his dick and balls swell to their utmost and with a huge orgasm
  he began splashing cum inside her love tunnel. His spasms seemed unending and
  the amount of jism he was depositing was incredible.  
He finally withdrew and his cum and her love juices could be seen leaking
  from her pussy. His dick was saturated. They were both sweating like waterfalls
  and the juices on their private parts were forming a magnificent sex cocktail.
  He released one hand of FlatAss from its bondage. LardAss then opened the picnic
  basket and took a slice of rye bread. She began wiping the bread on his soaked
  dick and the bread became soggy with all the human spoils. She placed another
  slice on top of it and handed to the captive.  
She said, "Here is the first course. It's sort of like a peanut
      butter and jelly sandwich. It may stick to the roof of your mouth."   
FlatAss tried to move away from the sex sandwich but he told her that if
  she didn't eat it and eat it with enjoyment, it would be back to the whipping
  game. He informed her that this time they would go for 20,0000 points. She
  grasped the sandwich and put a fake smile on her face. She began chewing the
  juice soaked bread and it was all she could do to keep from gagging. She tried
  to swallow big chunks of it to avoid having to taste many bites. And, sure
  enough, it did stick to the roof of her mouth. She tried to dislodge them with
  her tongue and this seemed to heighten the sensitivity of her taste buds. She
  tasted love juices she had never imagined.  
Then, LardAss took a long carrot stick and stuck it into her own still-dripping
  pussy. She swished it around and pulled it out. There were globs of cum and
  pussy juice on the end of the carrot stick. She told the love slave, "This
  is your veggies and dip."   
FlatAss took it reluctantly but tried to act like she enjoyed it. She could
  feel the bile rising in her gullet but she managed to keep it down. LardAss
  repeated this with a peeled banana. The banana came out of her pussy in a mushy
  condition and looked like someone had already eaten it. She told FlatAss to
  open wide and she shoved the entire banana into the open cavity with one strong
  push. FlatAss began gagging and coughing but she finally managed to swallow
  the slimy fruit. He was chewing a large mouthful of potato salad. When he had
  chewed it into one large coagulating mass of mush, he opened his mouth so she
  could see it. LardAss told her to open wide again. He put his full mouth onto
  hers and began pushing the glob into her waiting mouth. She was aghast! She
  could taste his spit mixed with the huge mess and she began swallowing slowly
  and with a gagging reluctance.  
He asked her if she would want something to drink and he held up a bottle
  of Coca-Cola. She eagerly nodded her head, thinking perhaps this would help
  to wash down the tastes residing in her mouth. He took the cap off and put
  his thumb over the open end. He shook it vigorously until it was obviously
  about to explode. Then he put it down to FlatAss' pussy, removed his thumb
  and rammed the neck deep into her love box. It exploded inside of her and she
  could not believe the pain that zapped through her insides. She thought her
  pussy was being eaten alive.  
During all of this, LardAss had slipped a flat pan under FlatAss' butt so
  that it could capture anything leaking from her pussy. When he finally removed
  the coke bottle, slimy coke began running from her pussy. He told her he thought
  a mixed drink was in order. So, he took a bottle of rum, removed the cap and
  placed the neck into the coke-drenched pussy. Rum began flowing into her vagina
  and this served to only exasperate the pain caused by the carbonated drink.
  She cried and heaved but her bondage gave no room to move even though movement
  would have given her no relief. The rum began flowing from her pussy into the
  waiting coke-filled pan. LardAss took the pan and carefully poured the &quot;mixed
  drink&quot; into a glass.  
She gave it to the pain-ridden captive and said, "Take &ndash; drink &ndash; all
      of it."   
FlatAss began swallowing the slimy mixture and somehow got it down. Then,
  he went over to the toilet, sat down and took a good healthy dump. However,
  instead of wiping his ass, he stood while LardAss brought over a frankfurter.
  She ran the frankfurter up and down the crack of his ass until it was completely
  covered with slimy shit. She then put it on a bun and took it to FlatAss.  
She said with a sneer, "Here FlatAss, pretend it's a chili dog."    
   
FlatAss said, "Please, please, please, don't make me eat that!"   
They both laughed and ask her if she wanted to join the 20,000 club. She
  began sobbing and reluctantly put the end of the dog into her mouth. She gagged
  and coughed and cried and heaved and, somehow, managed to swallow the first
  bite. She kept at it and finally got the mess down. Her lips were covered with
  his shit. They told her to lick her lips clean, or else. Through tears and
  sobs she completely cleaned her lips.  
They looked at her and saw a completely broken human being. The last degradation
  they had imposed on her had taken away her spirit and any notion of resisting.
  She was theirs to do with as they pleased and they had much more in store for
  her. He noticed that his dick was becoming aroused at the sight of this. He
  also wondered what the inside of her pussy would feel like if it still had
  any remnants of coke and rum. He suddenly dropped on to her and his thick mushroom
  dick slid easily into her cunt. She didn't even notice. She simply lay there
  with no emotions or reactions. He felt a slight tingling from the remaining
  liquids that were in her and his huge balls began bouncing off of her ass.
  The sight was too much for LardAss to bear and she knew she had to be part
  of the action. She got down and slid her tongue into the crack of his ass,
  licking the remaining shit that was still there. Her tongue worked lower and
  deeper and she was soon corn holing him with her tongue. She began to alternate
  her strokes, first invading his ass hole and then licking the backs of his
  bouncing balls.  
As his strokes picked up speed and intensity, FlatAss was beginning to have
  a reaction in spite of her defeated spirit. Her pussy began to gain moisture
  and her clit was picking up the rhythm of his strokes. Soon she was panting
  and under her breath she was starting to whisper, &quot;Fuck me more &ndash; fuck
  me deeper &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck me!"   
FlatAss became a bucking piece of ass, throwing her pussy into him, using
  her free hand to grasp his ass cheeks and pull him into her with all her force.
  LardAss had slipped the finger of one hand into his ass and the finger of another
  hand into the ass hole of FlatAss. The excitement of watching the two fucking
  people was causing LardAss to get aroused and she began rubbing her clit on
  the back of his thigh while he was fucking FlatAss.  
Soon they were all three gasping for breath to make up for the energy they
  were expending. All at once, all three of them came together in a smashing
  orgasm that shook their bodies and ravaged their groins. He was plunging cum
  into the greasy pussy. FlatAss was creating pussy juice in a way that she had
  never done before. LardAss was squirting pussy cream onto the back of this
  thigh. They collapsed simultaneously in a heap of tits, balls, pussies, and
  other sweaty body parts.  
As they began to regain their ability to move, a change took place in FlatAss.
  A light appeared in her eye to replace the dull look of surrender that had
  previously been evident. She quietly asked them to release her. They knew something
  was up and they wanted to follow through on it so they released her.  
She stood up so the full expanse of her nakedness was visible to them. She
  took her hands and lifted her breasts and said, &quot;These are your
  breasts to use or abuse as you please."   
   
 She grasped each of her nipples. They were so large that she was able to
  do so with a thumb and three fingers on each protrusion. She said,  &quot;My
  nipples are yours to suck or to destroy."    
   
She spread her legs, used her hands to open her pussy and said, &quot;My
      pussy is yours to insert anything that gives you pleasure."   
She turned around, bent over at the waist, reached behind herself and pulled
  apart the flat cheeks of her ass to reveal the tiny aperture of her ass hole.
  She said, &quot;My ass hole is yours to fuck, to empty, or to insert
  anything you wish to give me pleasure or pain."   
She faced them again and lifted her arms to a horizontal position with her
  palms turned upward. She said, &quot;I have never known such pain
  as you have placed upon me. But, I have also never known such sexual pleasure
  as you have provided for me. My body is yours to use with my full consent for
  any purpose. The pleasure is worth the pain for me."   
He and LardAss looked at each other with a slight smile and both thought
  the same thoughts. They knew the ensuing year &ndash; or as long as this body
  held up &ndash; would be a great time of experimentation, pain, and pleasure.  
 
    
Coming Soon: Chapter III   Round Rump   
 (or &ndash; A choice cut of meat)   
   
 Chapter IV   MilkTits   
 (or &ndash; Got milk?)   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter III   
RoundRump and LardAss   
 (  or &ndash; a choice
        cut of meat  )   
He was fucking LardAss in the missionary position. They were alone in the
  room. It was so unique that they were using this traditional position and doing
  it by themselves that he found it almost more rewarding than some of the exotic
  things they had done between themselves and with someone else. He was pounding
  her hard with his thick dick and she was screaming in ecstasy. The love handles
  around her waist were quivering, they were both sweating profusely and she
  was grabbing different parts of his body with her ragged fingernails. When
  her nails bit into his ass it sent an electric charge through his body that
  made him pound all the harder. He plungered his mouth onto her mouth and their
  tongues were doing a dance inside each other's oral cavity. Her smallish tits
  were aroused to the max and he could feel her nipples pressing against his
  nipples. Each of their nipples became aroused from the other's presence and
  they became hard as they were filled with blood.  
Her hair was in disarray &ndash; she did nothing to take care of her personal
  appearance. She had been naked for two years now during the time she had been
  his personal slave and fellow punisher of other less fortunate slaves. His
  balls were beating against her ass. The one that didn't hang so low was pounding
  against the bottom of her pussy slit. The one that really hung low was bouncing
  on and around her well-used ass hole. Some of his pubic hair was sticking to
  the wet slit of her fuck hole and he liked the feel of it on the out-stroke
  as he first felt the hair pulling on his balls and then felt it peel off of
  her sloppy pussy. She was throwing her pussy up at him every time he was plunging
  into her. They began to feel waves of sex rolling throughout their bodies together.
  They knew from long practice that they were going to come together. They did
  in a mass of sweaty, screaming, erupting bodies and their juices crashed together.
  The smell of raw sex enveloped the room and gave them even more of a peaceful
  feeling than had come over them with the release of their sexual entities.
  He rolled off of her full body and felt as though he were in a state of collapse.
  She raised up and lowered her mouth onto his flaccid, soaked dick. She began
  an in-and-out motion with her lips and slowly slurped up the sex cocktail that
  coated his entire prick. She deep throated him until her nose was buried in
  his soaking hairy balls. She finally withdrew his dick from her slurping mouth
  and began quickly licking his entire groin with her darting tongue. When his
  entire groin had been bathed she ducked down lower, lifted his huge balls and
  began licking his stinking putrid ass hole. She loved it! When she finally
  completed the task she lay down next to him and they began talking about their
  next victim.  
They had just sold their second victim, FlatAss. She had been well used but
  she still had plenty of erotic miles left in her. The white slave trader had
  examined her closely, inside and out. He had tested her ability to endure pain
  as well as the width and depth of her pussy and ass. He had filled her with
  liquid to see how long she could hold it and how far she could squirt it out
  of her pussy or ass hole. She had brought top dollar.  
He was ready for a new victim. He no longer felt as though he wanted to get
  involved in the details of capturing someone so he had contracted the job out
  to a drug dealer who had more intelligence than most. The delivery was to be
  made in a matter of hours. He had given the dealer the specifications and he
  was anxious to see how this new system would function.  
The Delivery   
   
The dealer had dropped off the bundle and he and LardAss were busy securing
  her before she awakened from her drugs. She was going to be a great change
  from her predecessors, BigTits and FlatAss. She was only 16 years old. She
  had been a gymnast for more years than anyone could have imagined. She had
  a gymnast's body. She had no tits at all. Her nipples were as small as a young
  boy's chest. Her ass was high and protruded into two huge globes of muscle.
  Her ass was not wide, it simply stuck out a lot. It was hard as a rock. She
  was about 5' 4&quot; tall, her body was thickly muscled and her limbs were
  incredibly flexible. She had short, flaming red hair on her head. Her pussy
  had a short, very fine mist of red pubic hair just covering her pubic mound.
  Muscles rippled down her thighs. There was no body fat anywhere on her body.
  Her lips were incredibly thick and pronounced. Her mouth seemed almost too
  large for her body. He had examined her cavities and was surprised at what
  he found as he probed her pussy. Her pussy was extraordinarily tight and yet,
  there was no hymen. It had apparently been destroyed during some harsh gymnastic
  exercise. Her ass hole was so tiny and well muscled that it was all he could
  do to force his little finger into the opening. That would change! They secured
  her and waited patiently for her to awaken.  
Her eyes fluttered and she awoke to a situation she could not understand.
  She was naked. She was secured to a table. Her head was hanging down over the
  end of the table and her neck was secured to the edge. Her legs had been pulled
  apart until they were perpendicular to her torso. Under ordinary circumstances
  this would have been no big deal to her gymnast's body. However, due to what
  had been imposed upon her private parts, there was nothing to compare to the
  pain she was trying to deal with. Her abdomen was in the most agonizing pain
  she had ever encountered. The cause of the pain had been inflicted while she
  was knocked out and it surpassed anything that had ever been imposed on her
  body. A huge steel dildo had been placed deep into her pussy. This was the
  first time anything  &ndash; natural or artificial &ndash; had
  been placed in this opening. Her pussy was stretched to the utmost and, because
  of her inexperience, she could not figure it out. With the position of her
  head, she could not raise up to look downward. Her virgin mind could not reason
  out the pain in her pussy. Even worse was the pain in her bowels. He had filled
  her ass with a huge amount of enema liquid and locked it inside her with a
  butt plug that was taped securely to her body. Her bowels were cramped in an
  excruciating manner and, again, this was something she had never encountered.
  Her brain could not compute the pain. Her body wanted to double up into a ball
  to relieve the pain of her cramps but her bondages would not permit it. To
  put the finishing touches on her pain, he had inserted diaper pins in each
  of her tiny nipples. The diaper pins were, in reality, huge safety pins with
  plastic guards that were in the shape of Mickey Mouse. It made an interesting
  sight to see these cartoon pins impaled on the tiny, baby nipples in the middle
  of the completely flat chest.  
The man and LardAss walked around to her head and her upside down vision
  tried to rationalize an incredible sight. They were both naked. She had seen
  pictures and models of dicks in health class but this exceeded any representations
  of a man's dick that she had ever seen. It was thick, really thick! It was
  circumcised and had a huge mushroom end. She had never seen a real one and
  she was sorry that this had to be her first sight of a man's sex. The end was
  slippery with a liquid dripping from the end and she could smell it even through
  the pain of her body. The balls were what took her off guard. She had never
  seen real pictures of testicles and these were unreal! They were two huge globes
  with one hanging a good four inches lower than the other. They were covered
  with thick black pubic hair that served only to accentuate their size.  
LardAss was another sight to behold. Her body was a bit flabby, she was big,
  and very disheveled. Her pussy was completely devoid of hair. She apparently
  was in the midst of her period because a grubby looking string was hanging
  down from the pussy lips. Her thighs were thick. LardAss reached down and yanked
  the Tampax from her vagina and laid the bloody mess across the neck of the
  captive. She then waddled over, straddled the young girl's head and leaned
  forward. She let her body fall forward and caught herself from falling by stiff-arming
  both hands directly onto the bloated body of the prone figure. The young girl
  screamed in agony as the 170 lbs. punished her filled bowels. To make matters
  even worse, the girl looked up and saw a bloody pussy only inches from her
  face. The smell was beyond belief. Then, the man walked up behind LardAss and
  plunged his dick into her exposed pussy. The young girl now had a smelly pussy,
  a putrid dick directly over her nose and mouth. The huge nuts were resting
  on either side of the bridge of her nose. The girl and not eaten but she still
  felt empty bile rising in her gullet. It had to be hell! He began fucking vigorously
  and he quickly felt his balls tightening and his dick becoming even harder.
  He suddenly came into her pussy in huge spasms of dick juice that cascaded
  down the sides of the bloody vagina. He withdrew slowly and the end of his
  dick fell directly onto the mouth of the captive. Blood and cum and pussy juice
  coated the thick lips.  
As he backed up, LardAss lowered her cavity directly onto the face of the
  girl and swirled her groin around on the helpless face. As she lifted up, the
  clean-cut, gymnast's face had turned into a quagmire of human fluids. Only
  the solid stream of tears that were mixing with the mess diluted it. The girl
  had turned into a screaming, writhing, mass of human emotions &ndash; completely
  beside herself and unable to deal with more degradation than she knew existed
  in the world. He squatted down so that his eyes were only inches from her face.
  He told her that for the next year she would be their captive. He indicated
  that this prelude was just to help her adjust because everything else that
  happened would be much worse.  
He said, "From this day hence, your name is 'RoundRump'. That is
      the only name you are to use and you are to respond to. If you fail, your
      punishment will be   much   worse
      than what you just encountered."   
He then turned around, lowered his hairy ass on to the liquid mess of her
  face and farted loudly. Her new life had begun.  
She was still in agony with her filled pussy and bloated bowels. He had dropped
  the leaf that had been supporting her ass. Her round rump now hung over the
  edge of the table. He lowered that end of the table until her butt made contact
  with the rim of a large bucket that was on the floor. He suddenly ripped out
  the butt plug and a huge stream of shit and liquid erupted from her young ass
  hole. It filled the bucket and splattered over beyond the rim. He then jerked
  the huge dildo from her pussy and her lips gratefully snapped together to cover
  the virgin hole. LardAss took a hose and quickly cleaned the shit splatters
  that covered the lower part of her body and legs. He loosened her neck bond
  and adjusted her table so that she was now sitting upright. She stared at his
  dick that had now gained an erection and was actually standing upward slightly
  above a perpendicular state. It seemed incredible to her that any hunk of skin
  and cartilage could support the huge bulbous end and even raise it to this
  angle. He asked her if she had ever seen a man's cum. She replied that she
  had not.  
He said, "Don't worry, you will see plenty before this adventure
      is over."   
   
He began stroking his dick and it seemed to bulge even more. He told her
  that eventually he would cum in her pussy, her ass hole, and her mouth. He
  then indicated that his most pressing decision was to decide which opening
  to use first. She was in total dismay and she evaluated the message of his
  words. She had wanted to be loved and adored before she gave up her pussy.
  Although she had read and heard about anal and oral sex, she had decided completely
  that she would never engage any of these filthy practices. Now she was being
  told that it would happen without love, feeling, or even any thought of her
  feelings. While he was explaining some of this, LardAss had moved beside her
  and was tweaking the pins through her nipples. It was like electricity flowing
  through her most tender parts and she squeaked each time it happened.  
He looked down at the ripe, muscular, titless broad and made his decision.
  He announced it to her and LardAss. He said, "I've made my decision.
  I have to have all of your holes today. I'm going to start by fucking your
  pussy so I can grease up my dick. Then, I'm going to fuck your ass to firm
  up my dick. And finally, I'm going to fuck your mouth to clean up my dick."   
RoundRump cried with despair. LardAss jolted her neckband with electricity
  and shouted, " Shut your mouth you fucking bitch or I will electrocute
  your ass straight into hell!"   
   
RoundRump stopped and shut up the words but her shoulders still heaved with
  despair as she realized what was coming to her. LardAss moved to his side,
  took some lubricant and began greasing his dick. His erection became even more
  pronounced. Then, LardAss reached up and greased the lips to the tiny pussy.
  He moved forward and LardAss guided his dick to the waiting cherry. His dick
  head slightly spread her pussy lips and she shuddered in response. LardAss
  reached behind him with one hand, grabbed his ass, and &ndash; with all her
  might &ndash; slammed his groin forward so that his dick penetrated the waiting
  pussy to the very base of his dick. His huge balls slammed into her ass and
  bounced back with joy.  
RoundRump screamed in agony only to feel a jolt of lightning slam through
  her neck. She tried to quell her sounds but it was incredibly difficult. He
  slowly began pulling back and the rim of his huge mushroom end scraped the
  insides of her pussy, causing her even more alarm. It was a completely new
  sensation to her. Just when she thought(hoped?) that his dick was going to
  leave her, he slammed it back into her violated hole. LardAss had now moved
  behind him and grabbed the sides of both of his hips. She began adding her
  muscles to his strokes and he was stroking the violated pussy with incredible
  force. RoundRump's entire torso was rippling and she felt the double-muscled
  thrusts in her sex tunnel.  
Suddenly he withdrew, aimed his throbbing dick at her lower hole &ndash; her
  ass hole. With all of his and LardAss' might his dick was slammed into the
  tiny aperture that had formerly been used only to evacuate small turds. Her
  ass hole was completely dry and the pain was unbelievable. Her nether hole
  had never been stretched that far and her sphincter muscles grabbed forcefully
  at his dick and squeezed it more than any other force he had ever felt on his
  dick. He continued to stroke her shit hole, picking up steam with the help
  of LardAss. His dick was swelling even more &ndash; beginning a contest between
  the blood within his prick and the strength of her shit muscles.  
Suddenly he withdrew and her ass hole slammed shut with relief. He moved
  up on top of the table until his moist, shit-covered dick was directly outside
  her huge lips. He jolted her again with electricity and told her that if she
  even thought about using teeth he would kill her in slow, painful torture.
  He told her to open her huge lips. She did reluctantly and the huge mushroom
  on the end of his dick entered her mouth. She gagged from the intrusion, the
  smell and the taste. LardAss told her if she vomited they would cut out her
  pussy. She swallowed the bile that was rising in her gullet. He edged his dick
  further into her mouth and told her to start using her tongue. She moved her
  tongue and, much to her chagrin, her tongue hit squarely into the piss hole
  at the end of his dick. She tasted, for the first time, pre-cum, shit, and
  pussy juice. He told her to alternate wiggling her tongue and licking his dick.
  His giant balls were slapping into RoundRump's chin and her nose was inhaling
  the smells of a dick, balls, a pussy, and an ass hole. Suddenly he withdrew
  from her mouth.  
She was relieved until she saw his dick directly in front of her eyes. It
  was throbbing like a living, attacking cobra. The end was actually becoming
  larger. His balls were heaving, pushing out the mass of pubic hair that surrounded
  everything. Suddenly, a huge glob of cum flew out of his dick and smacked her
  right between the eyes. Then, a second glob hit her directly in the right eye &ndash; gluing
  it shut. The third glob went directly between her lips and slammed into the
  back of her throat. His dick was now dribbling the final spasms of cum and
  they were falling down onto her chest. The facial mess was gradually moving
  down her face. The dribbles on her chest were rolling down into the fine red
  hair that coated her groin. Her stomach was now heaving with disgust and she
  was fighting the mess coming up in her throat. The smell was overwhelming.  
Before she knew to react, LardAss leaped on to her and began licking the
  cum from her face. Then, LardAss put her lips directly on to RoundRump's mouth
  and forced her cum coated tongue into the surprised mouth. LardAss swirled
  the mess around into the waiting mouth until RoundRump had to swallow just
  to keep from choking. She didn't know what was worse, the taste, the smell,
  or the texture. It was ten times worse than anything she had imagined. LardAss
  and the man backed up, looked at their abused prize and left the room. They
  left her to contemplate the mess she was in, the mess that was in her, and
  the mess that was all over her face and body. She began sobbing with huge cries
  of despair &ndash; weeping in a manner that they had never heard &ndash; even
  from their previous captives.  
The Contest   
   
He had released the bonds that held RoundRump in place. She was standing
  naked, facing him. LardAss was beside her, also naked. It was an interesting
  contrast. LardAss was older and much taller and heavier. She was somewhat flabby.
  Her body was obviously well used. Her ass was flabby and beginning to sag.
  Her thighs were thick from body fat and had stretch marks on them. Her pussy
  was barren of pubic hair. The hair on her head was black, stringy, unkept.
  Yet, she had a self-assurance about her. She had survived punishment. She had
  given punishment. She knew she could withstand anything he imposed because
  she knew that ultimately she would enjoy it. It would make her pussy wet.  
RoundRump was a different story. She was short, muscular, and had the pure
  look of a young teenager. Her ass was not wide and even though it protruded
  massively, it was haughty with the tightness of youth and athleticism. She
  had no tits. Her pussy looked unused and it had a soft red down over it. Her
  stomach was tight. Her thighs were thick with muscles. She was the opposite
  of self-assured. She was scared shitless.  
He explained that he was going to brand one of them. He showed them a soldering
  iron he had re-designed so that it had a different kind of removable tip. One
  tip had the initials &quot; RR  &quot; on
  it &ndash; short for RoundRump. The other tip had the initials &quot; LA  &quot; on
  it &ndash; short for LardAss. He plugged it in and they watched the tip become
  red hot with smoke trailing from the hot metal tip. He told them that one of
  them would be branded on each ass cheek and directly over each of their nipples.
  He told them -&ndash;unnecessarily &ndash; that the pain would be incredible.
  Even LardAss lost some of her self-assurance. She did not want to be subjected
  to this cruelty.  
He told them there was going to be a contest &ndash; a &quot;push-of-war&quot;.
  He explained it would be sort of like a tug-of-war except they would be pushing
  instead of pulling. He then brought out the implement. It was a six-foot long
  pole. Each end had a steel plate secured to it in a horizontal position. On
  each plate were two dildos protruding. One dildo was fourteen inches long,
  the other was ten inches long. He told them that each end would be inserted
  into each of them &ndash; the long dildo in their pussy and the short dildo
  in their ass hole. The dildos would be inserted until the horizontal plates &quot;bottomed&quot; out
  on the area between their pussy and ass hole. They would be on their hands
  and knees. They would have special non-skid kneepads and non-skid gloves. A
  line would be drawn on the floor midway between them. The first one whose ass
  crossed the line would be declared the winner and would be an observer to the
  other being branded immediately. The two bitches both looked at each other
  with assessing stares. It was an interesting contrast. LardAss was heavier
  by perhaps fifty pounds. RoundRump was more muscular and in better condition.
  LardAss was accustomed to large objects in her lower holes. RoundRump had had
  only brief experiences with her pussy and ass hole being filled.  
He told them to assume the position &ndash; hands and knees with asses facing
  each other. He had greased the dildos liberally. He first inserted the tools
  in RoundRump. She shrieked at the violation of her pussy and shit hole. She
  shuddered as they were inserted until the cold plate hit the skin between her
  pussy and ass hole. He held the pole parallel to the floor and told LardAss
  to crawl backwards so he could seat the tools. She did so and actually enjoyed
  the feel of the large steel into her bottom holes. She even wiggled her fat
  ass in a teasing way to let RoundRump know that she could get into this. He
  waited until they were still and drew a line at the mid-point. He then did
  a countdown, "5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Go!"   
RoundRump was used to competition and knew how to position her body for the
  most strength. She had immediately lowered herself close to the floor for maximum
  leverage plus she was first off the mark. She pushed backward with a tremendous
  surge. LardAss moved a good foot. Two more feet and she would lose. They both
  shrieked at the same time. RoundRump screamed as the felt the dildos tearing
  into her body. LardAss screamed at the indignity of being moved so easily.
  She immediately threw her superior weight back into the pole and her movement
  was stopped. Now they were both hunkering down and pushing with all their might.
  The pole between them vibrated with the energy that was being transmitted through
  it. It was weight against muscle. It was age against youth. It was pervert
  against purity.  
RoundRump, with her tight holes, felt as though her body was being split
  in two by the dildos that were imbedded in her body. Yet, because of her athletic
  background, she was able to ignore the pain and concentrate on the competition
  at hand. He watched with a great deal of glee &ndash; pumping his erect dick
  with one hand and massaging his big balls with the other hand. He was the only
  one who couldn't lose.  
RoundRump was slowly losing ground to the superior weight of her opponent.
  She was becoming frustrated at her inability to surpass the huge weight advantage
  of her opponent. However, a surprise element was entering the contest. The
  work of the dildos in her openings was arousing LardAss. She was starting to
  feel an orgasm building from the dildo smashing into her pussy, from the dildo
  burying itself in her ass hole and from the plate rubbing against the area
  between her two holes.  
As she began feeling the thrust of the orgasm she was losing her concentration
  on the contest. She tried to push harder but she felt an arousal in her gut
  that was unlike anything she had ever felt. Soon she began wiggling her fat
  ass back and forth to enhance the rubbing of the unnatural devices. With this
  sideways movement of her butt, she was no longer able to put all of her energy
  into pushing her opponent. Suddenly an orgasm came over her and she cried with
  enjoyment. RoundRump felt her giving way and she gave one huge surge with her
  ass to push the bigger woman forward. As RoundRump's ass crossed the mid-line,
  he immediately declared her the winner. He let RoundRump pull away from the
  intrusive dildos. LardAss was writhing on the floor, the dildos still implanted
  in her, pussy juicy leaking from the sides of the massive one that was in her
  cunt. LardAss was crying from excitement from the orgasm and from the knowledge
  that she was soon to be burned and marked like a fucking cow.  
In his heart he was glad the contest had turned out with LardAss a loser.
  During her two-year servitude she had become too cocky and too sure of her
  position. She had been subjected to punishment but not nearly to the extent
  of the other women. She had actually begun to feel he had feelings for her.
  He didn't. She was just another piece of shit to exploit, degrade, and satisfy
  his perverted desires. Now he could put her back in her proper place.  
The Branding   
   
LardAss had said it wasn't necessary, but nonetheless he had secured her
  to the table, face down. She was shaking in anticipation of a new pain she
  had never felt before. He had put the proper tip on the end of the soldering
  iron &ndash; the one with the initials &quot; LA  &quot;.
  He had plugged it in and it was glowing and smelling with the type of heat
  that only metal could attain. He positioned himself over her right, puffy ass
  cheek until the iron was about one inch from her skin. She felt the heat already
  and began crying. She asked if he could reconsider in view of all that she
  had done for him. As she continued to beg he took both hands and plunged the
  brand into her flesh.  
His senses were assailed from many directions. First he heard the sizzle
  of burning flesh. It sounded like a hunk of raw steak being thrown into a hot
  skillet. He smelled the sweet aroma of burning flesh. He saw the burning metal
  sear its way into flesh. LardAss screamed in a way that she had never screamed
  before. She was suffering the worst pain that had ever been inflicted upon
  her. The letters &quot; LA  &quot; were
  burned and burrowed into the flesh of her ass. He actually attained an erection
  from looking at it. She begged him not to do it again.  
He said, "One down, three to go."   
   
Her cries reached a feverish pitch and she didn't know how she could withstand
  it. He told RoundRump to come over and perform the next one on the other ass
  cheek. She shouted she didn't want to do it and he said, "It's either
  you do her or I'll have her do you!"   
RoundRump immediately came over and took the iron. Without hesitation she
  slammed it down into the other cheek.  
LardAss screeched, "You dirty rotten bitch &ndash; you'll pay for
      this like you can never imagine!"   
   
Sweat was rolling off of the victim's entire body and she was shuddering
  from head to toe. He loosed her bonds and told her to flip over. She did &ndash; reluctantly &ndash; and
  he secured her to the table again. He took the iron and centered it over her
  right tit. The two letters would straddle her nipple but they would still catch
  the edges of her aureole. Suddenly he plunged it downward and it clawed into
  her white skin and red aureole. She screamed even louder. Somehow, the burning
  flesh of her tit had a sweeter aroma than that of her ass cheek. She couldn't
  control herself and she pissed herself in agony. He quickly moved to the other
  tit and repeated the procedure. She passed out.  
The room reeked of burnt flesh and it seemed that the echoes of screaming
  were still reverberating off of the walls. RoundRump had collapsed into a heap
  as she had just witnessed the worst sight she had ever seen. Her spirit was
  broken. He looked at her collapsed in a heap and told her she needed refreshment.
  At that he took his dick and directed a long, satisfying stream of dark yellow
  piss onto her head, face, and body. She could not move. She simply accepted
  it and let it cascade off her skin. Her spirit was beyond being broken.  
RoundRump Gives Love   
   
He had been out of the room for several hours, leaving both of the bitches
  to themselves. He returned to find them both in despair. LardAss wanted to
  lie down but any position she tried was painful. No matter how she laid, pressure
  was put on one of her new brands. And, when there was no pressure, the mere
  touch of air to one of the burning wounds was incredibly painful. She thought
  she liked pain but this was to a level she had never achieved before. In her
  pain, she was pissed at everything and everybody but, especially, the athletic
  little bitch that had been the cause of her suffering.  
Meantime, RoundRump was beside herself with pain, humiliation, and terror.
  She had never imagined that anything like this could take place anywhere in
  the world, but especially in her world. She could still feel the piss rolling
  off of her face and body. She could still smell the vapors of burning flesh.
  Worst of all, she could still feel the stretching that her pussy and ass hole
  had endured. Her nipples still hurt with the pain of the diaper pins that were
  imbedded in them. He entered and she was degraded at the fact that he had full
  view of her nakedness. She was further degraded because, as she looked at his
  erect prick, she felt a strange stirring in her loins. She could not rationalize
  these feelings based on all that had taken place. She was ashamed.  
He walked over so that he was directly in front of RoundRump. He said, "I'm
      going to make love to you but, most important of all, you're going to make
      love to me. You're going to do it with passion, enthusiasm, pleasure, and
      as much sexuality as you can possibly create. If you fail in any of these
      aspects, the branding iron is waiting for you!"   
She thought, "Oh God &ndash; this can't be happening &ndash; I
      can't possibly endure a branding!"   
She replied, " Tell me what to do &ndash; I am your's."   
He told her to lie down on the bed and spread her legs. She quickly responded
  and he had a beautiful view of a young, athletic pussy spread wide for his
  pleasure.  
RoundRump had watched the interactions between him and LardAss. She deduced
  that LardAss had a special place over and above whoever had been the other
  sex slaves. And, she determined, until the branding, LardAss had probably had
  an endurable life here in the sex room. RoundRump made a decision to do whatever
  was necessary to attain that role. She had no experience with lovemaking but
  she decided she would return in equal or greater portion whatever he did to
  her.  
He laid full length on top of her and plunged his tongue into her mouth.
  The weight of his body created sharp pain on her pierced nipples but she put
  the pain aside. As his tongue worked the inside of her mouth she sucked on
  it with all of her power. Then, when he withdrew his tongue, she plunged her
  tongue into his mouth. She worked her tongue all around his tongue, licking
  the underside of his tongue. She swirled her tongue around his teeth, between
  his cheek and teeth and flicked the tip of her tongue vigorously. She even
  extended her tongue as far as possible down the back of his throat. She felt
  a large ball of saliva form in his mouth. She scooped it up with her tongue
  and eagerly sucked it into her mouth &ndash; swallowing vigorously.  
At this, he formed more balls of spit and she sucked them in as quickly as
  they were created. Due to the differences in their heights, while his mouth
  was planted on her mouth, his enlarged dick was sticking between her thighs.
  She felt the throbbing head of his dick and squeezed it with her powerful thighs.
  His dick responded by throbbing even more. She had strong muscles down the
  inside of her thighs and she actually began working them in and out to massage
  his tool. His balls were resting on top of her thighs but one of them rolled
  down between her knees. Somehow she worked her knees to vigorously massage
  the nut and it sent spasms of ecstasy through his body. He reached down beneath
  her and grasped both of the muscular globes of ass cheeks. He was massaging
  them and she felt her body begin to respond. She responded by reaching down
  with one hand and running a finger down the crack of his ass. He raised up
  from her mouth, her legs split apart, and as he re-positioned himself she took
  both hands to grasp his prick. She guided it to her pussy and released his
  dick as he plunged it down into the very center of her moist pussy. She screamed
  with pain and excitement as she felt his pulsating tool invade her sacred tunnel.
  He was now stroking in and out of her sex with slow, deliberate, powerful thrusts.  
LardAss had been watching all of this and realized that her very position
  was in danger of being taken from her. The sight of this young, athletic body
  that was obviously giving him so much pleasure intimidated her. She realized
  that she was in competition with youth, muscles, and a fantastic ass. The only
  thing she had over the young girl was a set of flabby tits and the ability
  to enjoy any type of degradation, humiliation, sex, and pain. She decided not
  to give up without a fight. She strolled over and began grazing his ass with
  her tongue. RoundRump somehow sensed this rutting around by a third party and
  wrapped her strong legs around his hips. She dug her heels into the crack of
  his ass and actually managed to pull apart his cheeks. His ass hole was displayed
  to the world in all its glory. LardAss immediately plunged in and buried her
  tongue in the furry, brown hole. She started rutting around his shit hole with
  all of her might as she also fondled his bouncing balls. His dick was actually
  becoming thicker in the tiny hole of the young bitch.  
RoundRump sensed the change in his tool and used her legs to begin pulling
  his crotch into her while still spreading his ass with the heels of her feet.
  His dick head was expanding so that it felt as though it would explode. His
  balls were pulsating and preparing to let fire with their load. Suddenly in
  the largest sexual spasm he had ever experienced he drilled streams of cum
  into her waiting pussy. At the same time, RoundRump was experiencing a series
  of huge orgasms. Her body was bucking and she was screaming with pleasure and
  her strong fingers were working the cheeks of his ass. The cum was erupting
  from him like an eternal fountain and his juices and her juices were somehow
  squirting out of her pussy despite the tight fit of his huge dick.  
LardAss was beside herself at the convulsions running through the fucking
  bodies and she could smell the sexual juices that were just inches from her
  nose. He finally pulled out and rolled off to the side. LardAss didn't miss
  a beat as she plunged her face into the down covered pussy. She eagerly lapped
  at the juices as she alternated between sticking her tongue into the fuck hole
  and then burying her nose in the hole as she inhaled to get the full benefit
  of the sexual smells.  
RoundRump had never experienced touches such as this and she felt waves of
  orgasms coming on to her again. She started grunting in short, explosive blasts
  as her body responded to the female oral touch on her most private parts. She
  was putting out more pussy juice and LardAss was sucking it up as quickly as
  it came. When RoundRump had finally collapsed in a mass of relaxed muscles,
  LardAss moved up and buried her mouth on the huge lips of RoundRump. They both
  exchanged tongues and soon their mouth juices were one cocktail of spit, pussy
  juice, and cum.  
He grasped RoundRump's hand, extended one of her fingers, reached down and
  buried the young girl's finger in the ass hole of LardAss. He told her to get
  to work. She swirled her finger in the hole and she felt LardAss respond. She
  joined all of her fingers in the nether hole and was soon working them with
  all her might. LardAss was responding and soon her eyes were shut and she was
  bobbing her head as she accepted the orgasm that was coming on to her. Suddenly,
  RoundRump had somehow mashed her fingers and thumb together and her entire
  hand was buried in the experienced ass hole. She rotated her hand, wiggled
  her fingers in the shit tunnel and watched with interest the expressions on
  LardAss' face. LardAss exploded into an orgasm as her shit muscles opened and
  closed on the working hand in her ass. She finally collapsed in a state of
  ecstasy as her mind tried to evaluate what had just taken place.  
He stood and looked down on RoundRump and realized that she had received
  too much pleasure and, in addition, because she had given him so much pleasure
  she probably felt a sense of power. He knew he had to diminish this immediately.
  He straddled her body so that he was positioned directly above her stomach.
  He then hunkered down, and leaned forward to use his hands to pin her ankles
  to the floor. His ass hole was completely displayed in her line of sight. He
  directed LardAss to go around and pin her shoulders and arms. LardAss complied
  by placing her thick knees on the shoulders and all the weight of her body
  through her hands on to RoundRump's wrists. RoundRump was secured. With his
  ass positioned directly above the young stomach, he began squeezing out a huge
  turd. RoundRump could not believe what she was seeing. The turd was descending
  directly from his bowels onto her stomach! She began to scream only to be shocked
  via the collar by the touch of LardAss on her own remote. The pointed end of
  the turd touched dead center into RoundRump's belly button. It then began forming
  a swirling pile that had much the same configuration as a Dairy Queen ice cream
  cone. RoundRump was beside herself with anger and humiliation. He was using
  her for a toilet! She screamed in spite of herself but the descending turd
  had no ears. It just kept coming. She never dreamed that a turd could be so
  long. It seemed to rise up into a ten-inch mountain of shit. She could feel
  the heat of it on her stomach and the stench was overwhelming.  
He rose up in a semi-crouch and LardAss immediately moved forward to begin
  licking his ass hole, using her tongue in lieu of toilet paper. This sickened
  RoundRump even more. Then, to her shock and dismay, LardAss swung around and
  placed her lips directly on the full lips of RoundRump. Suddenly, RoundRump's
  mouth was invaded by a wet, shitty tongue! She could not believe it! She was
  being forced to clean a tongue that had just cleaned a shitty ass hole. At
  the same time she could still feel the weight of a pile of human manure on
  her stomach. LardAss was finally satisfied and withdrew. He looked down at
  the stricken young girl and told her to clean the shit off of her stomach.
  But, he told her, she must use her hands to form it into a ball before she
  could put it in the toilet.  
He shocked her neck collar once for good measure. She began to try to comply.
  The texture was awful. It was slippery, only semi-firm, and much of it wanted
  to ooze between her fingers. He told her the shit ball must be perfect or she
  would be punished. She tried to use the same motion she had used when cooking
  meatballs but the shit didn't seem to want to cooperate. Finally, after what
  seemed an eternity the task was done. She presented it to him at arm's length.
  He told her she had done well and let her deposit it in the toilet. He also
  told her to get in the shower and clean the shit off of herself.  
When he returned he was carrying two batons &ndash; the type that baton twirlers
  use in a parade. He set them on the floor. He walked over to the toilet stool
  and stood in front of it. LardAss immediately came over beside him and took
  hold of his dick. He began pissing and, because her aim was slightly off, piss
  hit the front of the porcelain stool and splattered everywhere. He looked at
  her with a raised eyebrow, she adjusted the aim of his dick, and a satisfying,
  strong yellow stream cascaded into the middle of the water in the stool. As
  he finished, dribbles began coming out of his piss hole. LardAss immediately
  bent down and took the dribbles in her mouth, licking the end of his dick to
  clean it. He looked down at the yellow splatters of piss around the rim of
  the bowl. He looked at her questioningly and she quickly got down on her hands
  and knees and licked the rim of the bowl clean.  
He told her not to flush the toilet. He walked back to the batons, picked
  them up and told the two bitch slaves that he had decided to conduct a 100
  yard dash. He pointed to the yellow line that ran parallel to the walls, about
  three feet from each wall. He told them that four times around the &quot;track&quot; would
  approximate 100 yards. However, he also told them they would not be running,
  they would be crawling on all fours &ndash; on their hands and knees. He told
  them if they crossed the yellow line into the middle of the room they would
  be penalized ten seconds for each crossing. They must  stay
  between the line and the wall.  
LardAss was immediately worried. She knew that RoundRump was an athlete and
  could outdo her in any such event. But then he told them something that seemed
  to even the odds. He pointed to the end of one of the batons that had the small
  rubber cap on it. He told them that this end would be stuck up their ass and
  if it slipped out during the race, the contestant would be disqualified. LardAss
  immediately felt better. She had spent the past two years having all shapes
  and sizes of objects stuck up her ass. She knew this thing would be no problem.  
RoundRump was horrified. Even the small end of the baton looked huge to her.
  She could not imagine having it stuck inside her backside and, especially,
  having to crawl on all fours with the thing hanging from her ass. She started
  to complain but as he reached toward his remote she immediately became quiet.
  He told each of them to lay on their back with their legs up and spread. They
  complied. Their assholes were easily visible and waiting. He had lubricated
  the ends with large globs of KY jelly. He approached LardAss and the end of
  the baton easily slipped past the rim of her ass and into her bowels. He told
  her she could finish the job and decide how far she wanted it pushed in. She
  immediately reached down, grabbed it with both hands and rammed it twelve inches
  into her ass. Her flabby ass cheeks actually rippled in reaction to her strong
  thrust.  
He then went over to RoundRump. It was a beautiful sight as her strong ass
  cheeks framed the petite ass hole in the middle. He pressed the well-lubricated
  baton against the rose bud of her backside. Her ass rim resisted the intrusion.
  He wiggled it back and forth, slowly twisting the shaft in a clockwise rotation.
  It finally slipped in and she was weeping openly from the pain. He lightly
  pulled back to ensure that it was secure. It was held tightly by the constricting
  rim of her ass hole. He told her that she likewise could push it in as far
  as she deemed necessary to prevent it from slipping out during the contest.
  She tenderly grasped the shaft and tried to slowly work it further into her
  bowels. Her bowels did not want to provide any deeper haven for the foreign
  object. However, she put the tremendous pain in the deepest recesses of her
  brain and forced the shaft into herself. It finally sank into her ass about
  eight inches.  
She was hoping she could use her powerful rump to also grasp the steel shaft
  as she endured the contest. He told them to roll over onto their hands and
  knees and crawl over to the starting line he had drawn at one point on the
  perimeter of the wall. He then indicated to them that they would be carrying
  additional burdens. At that he clamped weights to each of the diaper pins that
  were stuck through RoundRump's nipples. The nipples immediately were pulled
  toward the floor. She screamed in agony. He took similar weights that were
  attached to strong spring clips and secured the clips to LardAss' nipples.
  Her nipples and tits immediate distended and she, too, screamed with the unexpected
  pain.  
When they had finally settled their emotions, RoundRump then asked, "What's
      the prize for winning?"   
   
He told her that was an interesting question. The winner would receive three
  good meals a day for the next month. She would eat from a plate and glass,
  using normal utensils. She would receive &quot;real&quot; food. The loser on
  the other hand would suffer a different fate. She would not be allowed to walk
  upright for the next month. She must remain on her hands and knees for movement.
  She would eat dog food &ndash; probably &quot;Gravy Train&quot; from a dog
  bowl. She would drink out of the toilet bowl &ndash; only after someone had
  pissed in it. At that last statement he pointed to the toilet bowl that contained
  the yellow water he had just provided. He told them that, of course, the loser
  must lap up the food and drink like an animal.  
RoundRump was horrified but motivated. LardAss was not so much put off by
  the bad things available for the loser as she was excited at the reward for
  the winner. She realized that for an entire month the winner would be able
  to eat and drink like a normal human being. It motivated her.  
He shouted, "Ready &ndash; set &ndash; go!"   
The floor was filled with moving hands and thundering knees. He was excited
  at their going-away look as he saw nothing but flashing thighs, striving asses,
  and batons bouncing up and down in perfect tempo to the pace. LardAss was less
  coordinated and her bouncing baton showed the uneven, circular rhythm of her
  heaving ass. RoundRump, on the other hand, was maintaining a much more even
  tempo and her baton was sticking straight out from her ass &ndash; moving slightly
  up and down with no sideways motion whatsoever. They were coming to the first
  turn and they were neck and neck. RoundRump was moving her limbs faster but
  LardAss had longer strides. LardAss was on the inside of the turn and as she
  made the turn she threw her hip into the side of RoundRump. RoundRump was caught
  off-guard and off-balance and she lurched to the side and bounced off the wall.
  As she instinctively raised up, her baton dug into the floor and shoved itself
  further into her ass. She screamed in anguish and agony. She quickly righted
  herself and forced her arms and legs to move even faster as she caught up to
  the front-running LardAss.  
RoundRump suddenly reached forward with her mouth and actually grabbed LardAss'
  baton with her teeth. LardAss suddenly felt the baton being pulled from her
  ass and she had to stop. RoundRump quickly turned loose and crawled around
  in front of the overweight, crawling older bitch. LardAss decided she better
  not put too much energy into fighting but should, instead, simply try to out-crawl
  the younger cunt.  
For the first three laps they screamed, and clawed, and pumped their leg
  and arm muscles as much as possible. The last lap was going to be a photo finish.
  As she neared the last turn, RoundRump felt the baton slipping from her ass.
  Somehow, she reached back, grabbed it with one hand without breaking stride,
  and rammed the baton firmly into her ass. Sweat was pouring from their bodies.
  Drool was running out of both of their mouths. Batons were swishing back and
  forth in constant motion. Their asses were clenched as they strained to retain
  the shafts in their ass holes. The weights from their nipples were swinging
  purposely as their chests heaved to take in oxygen. They somehow managed to
  ignore the tremendous pain this was inflicting on their nipples. They were
  two fighting gladiators &ndash; naked, impaled, weighted down &ndash; fighting
  for a prize &ndash; the chance to do something normal in their otherwise hideous
  new life. Somehow, the older, flabbier LardAss brought forth a last reservoir
  of energy and dived for the finish line. She literally won by a nose. They
  both collapsed. RoundRump was crying unceasingly with pain and frustration
  and knowledge of what she would have to endure for the next month. LardAss'
  chest was heaving so hard that the weights on her nipples were actually being
  raised in a constant pendulum of pain. She didn't care. She had won the prize.  
RoundRump was laying on her side, her chest heaving, sweat rolling from her
  body. She was sobbing. Sobbing at the frustration of losing, the exertion of
  trying to win, and &ndash; most of all &ndash; at the pain in her ass and her
  nipples. He stood over her, looking at the spent little round-ass cunt. He
  asked her if she was a good enough gymnast that she could put her feet and
  legs behind her head. She looked at him in amazement at this strange question.
  She slowly nodded assent. He took his foot and rolled her over on to her back.
  She had to raise her legs to keep the baton from digging further into her asshole.
  While straddling her face, he grabbed her ankles and began bringing her legs
  back toward her face. She was grateful that her tendons were stretched from
  the &quot;100 yard dash&quot;. He brought her feet back behind her head and
  actually crossed her legs behind her neck. It was a marvelous sight. The baton
  in her ass was sticking straight up - a metal erection that began at her shit
  hole. Her pussy was also pointing straight upward, and, the pussy lips were
  actually pulsating from the nervous energy that had been expended.  
As he reached down to grasp the lips, his balls were swinging back and forth
  directly above her face. He took a pussy lip in each hand and spread them wide
  to see the black hole that went down into her sexual being. He began spitting
  large globs of saliva directly into the abyss. He kept it up until his mouth
  was completely dry. Then, he beckoned LardAss to come over and make a contribution.
  LardAss was still sweating profusely and her body was rank with an athletic
  odor. She leaned over and began dropping long strings of spit directly into
  the wide-open pussy hole. Soon there was a pool of bubbly saliva sloshing back
  and forth in the young cunt's sex tunnel.  
By now his dick was thick with an erection. He stepped forward a bit, facing
  the still pointy baton, his ass winking at her face, and began descending his
  tool into the spit tunnel. It slipped in easily. His balls were resting on
  her pubic bone. He grasped the baton that was still imbedded in her ass and
  used it as leverage to begin humping her young pussy. She screamed in agony
  at the pressure created by the baton and in frustration at being fucked this
  way. Soon his body was a blur of motion as he kept plunging up and down, slamming
  his dick in and out of her cunt. His dick would pick up globs of spit from
  her tunnel and when his sex piston was stroking outward &ndash; drops of spit
  would be brought out too, splattering everything in the vicinity. While he
  was stroking, LardAss had slipped her hand behind him and rammed her index
  finger up his asshole. She was actually massaging his prostate. LardAss was
  also using the other hand to rub the young clitoris. On his &quot;in strokes&quot;,
  his gigantic balls were covering her entire hand.  
Soon he was moaning and RoundRump was groaning &ndash; in spite of herself.
  The pain of the artificial piece of metal in her ass was put aside. She was
  in ecstasy. She felt an orgasm building and was suddenly screaming, " Fuck
  me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; oh god &ndash; it's fantastic!"   
This was too much for LardAss and she swung her large ass around and plopped
  it down directly onto the face of the little bitch. Instinctively, the young
  tongue reached out and plunged directly into the sweaty, smelly, pussy that
  had implanted its lips onto her lips. The little bitch even had powerful muscles
  in her tongue! LardAss felt as though a wet, slippery human jackhammer was
  invading her cunt. All at once all three of them were screaming. He had raised
  up and once again spread the little bitch's pussy lips. His dick was throbbing
  and LardAss reached forward and grabbed it to aim it. His thick dick erupted
  in spasms of cum &ndash; all of them somehow finding their way directly into
  the spread pussy that was beneath. LardAss' aim was uncanny. There was now
  a pool of cum, pussy juice, and spit creating a sexual whirlpool in the open
  pussy. While this was going on he had put his two palms on either side of the
  metal baton and was twirling it like a Boy Scout trying to start a fire with
  two pieces of wood. The ass hole seemed as though it was on fire. He and LardAss
  collapsed together on top of the little cunt and rolled together. Their tongues
  found each other and began doing a tango with each other. RoundRump was once
  again sobbing with a plethora of emotions that she could not reconcile within
  herself.  
He and LardAss rolled off of the little one. He told her that he bet she
  was thirsty after expending all of that energy. He pointed to the toilet bowl &ndash; still
  full of his yellow piss &ndash; and told her to crawl over and drink. She begged
  him not to make her do it. He grasped the baton and asked her if she would
  like it imbedded an additional six inches into her asshole. She sorrowfully
  shook her head no, rolled over, and began crawling over to the stool. She reluctantly
  dipped her face into the bowl, bobbed down, and sobbingly began lapping up
  the urine that was in the toilet. Inwardly she was devastated! She realized
  that she had been reduced to some creature that was below an animal. Even dogs
  got to drink clean water out of the toilet!  
Ten Months Later   
He was slouched in a chair, naked(of course), with his ass hanging over the
  front edge of the chair. LardAss was lying beneath his ass, her head propped
  up as she lazily tongued his hairy ass hole. The tonguing was not being done
  toward any conclusion, it was simply a way of idling away the time. Occasionally
  she would probe directly into the hole but mostly she was content to lick the
  rim of the shit tunnel. Her brands had healed into a deep reddish color. They
  were raised above the skin level and almost looked like embossed emblems on
  her skin. Her ass was perhaps a bit flabbier and heavier. Her thighs were thicker
  and had a few more pock marks on them. Her tits had gotten a bit bigger and
  tended to hang a bit lower. He still enjoyed watching her from behind when
  she bent over. Her ass tended to spread out in that position as it took on
  the proportions of a giant billboard. She was still the first among equals
  in the two-slave environment. She especially liked the taste of RoundRump's
  pussy. And, even better, was the taste of the mixture of RoundRump's pussy
  juice and his cum. Life was good!  
RoundRump was on her knees beside his chair. Her head was lying across his
  thighs. His semi-erect dick was resting across her cheek. She was tonguing
  the base of his dick and occasionally taking forays with her tongue into the
  pubic hair jungle that covered his huge balls. She had become accustomed to
  her life. She was still punished regularly but she almost welcomed the pain
  because she knew it would end in an orgasm. Her ass was still round, plump,
  firm, and muscular. Her nipples had elongated to an incredible length of 2 &frac12; inches
  because of the weights that were constantly hanging from them. Her pussy and
  asshole had become accustomed to many objects of all sizes and shapes. Both
  holes now willingly accepted any and all intrusions.  
She had also acclimated herself to the taste of piss. However, she would
  never tell the two of them that she thought LordAss' piss was a bit sweeter
  tasting than his. She had also adjusted to eating only dog food and human shit.
  But, if truth were told, she preferred the dog food. The shit still had a strange
  texture that she could not adjust to very well. Her thighs were strong. She
  still had a gymnast's flexibility that allowed her to put her body into strange
  positions that made for some incredible fucking for him. Overall, life was
  o.k. if for nothing else than the incredible sex. Then, he burst the bubble.
  He told her it was time for all of them to move on. He had sold her to an Arab
  who liked to collect young American girls. He told her he had researched the
  buyer's background and she did not have to worry about being maimed or killed.
  She was devastated! How could he do this?! She asked him if she hadn't fulfilled
  all of his desires. He told her she had indeed but it was time to move on to
  new victories. She was the third critter that he and LardAss had enjoyed and
  they wanted to explore new horizons. She wept.  
He produced a large duffel bag, collapsed it on the floor with the opening
  visible and told her to step into it. She did so reluctantly. He then raised
  the duffel bag around her all the way above her head. He drew the drawstrings
  closed and apparently did something to lock the bag closed. Through the heavy
  canvas she heard voices. Then she felt herself being picked up and carried
  away. She was completely stressed out as she wondered what would happen to
  her. Back in the Room, LardAss and he looked at each other with a smile.  
He said, " Time for a new adventure!!"   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter IV   
MilkTits and LardAss   
 (  or &ndash; Got Milk?  )   
She opened her eyes and tried to figure out what the hell was going on. Tape,
  or something, was over her mouth and she could not make a sound. She was standing
  on a stool. Her wrists were somehow secured above her head and her arms pulled
  fairly tight. Worst of all, she could tell by the air on her body that she
  was completely naked. She remembered somebody grabbing her from behind and
  putting a smelly rag over her mouth. Then, everything went black. Now, here
  she was. Most appalling of all was the man    standing
  in front of her, examining her body. He was naked. His dick was not terribly
  long but it was impossibly thick. Its thick shaft supported a bulbous head
  that was bigger than she would have thought possible. The head of the circumcised
  dick looked like a giant mushroom and formed a huge ridge around the thick
  stalk. A thick rug of black pubic hair surrounded it all. His balls were gigantic.
  One hung at least four inches below the other. She couldn't imagine how much
  cum this guy's package could eject. She had always liked big loads. She liked
  to feel them splashing against the walls of her pussy, she liked to taste them
  erupting in her mouth, and, she even liked seeing them form a pool on her stomach
  and in her belly button. Suddenly she told herself to quit fantasizing and
  to focus on her predicament.  
He was entranced. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She
  had been his waitress at a nearby caf&eacute; and he was struck by her beauty
  when she was completely clothed. Now, naked, she was the eighth wonder of the
  world. Being Scandinavian, she was as white as could be. But, on her 5'4&quot; frame,
  the whiteness simply enchanted the total feminine package. Her thighs were
  perfect. Milky white, just the right compromise between firmness and softness.
  They molded up into the most perfect pussy he had ever seen. It was covered
  by a perfect thatch of light brown, slightly curly, pubic hair. In the middle,
  on each side of her pussy lips, a line of hair grew longer than the surrounding
  mat, rose up and turned to the outside in a fountain of hair that served to
  lend a touch of class to an already beautiful crotch. Her stomach was perfectly
  flat with an absolutely perfect navel. Her breasts were a sight to behold.
  They had been beautiful before she had a baby six months ago, and now, they
  were a masterpiece. Perfect melons, perky in spite of their D size, with gorgeous
  nipples surrounded by a pink sea of an aureole. Her face was fit to belong
  to a movie star. Her soft brown hair framed her face and drew attention to
  her beautiful blue eyes.  
He walked around behind her. She did not know that a naked female(LardAss)
  was already behind her. He gazed upon a perfect back that segued into a narrow
  waist and then expanded into the most gorgeous ass he had ever laid eyes upon.
  It swelled out just enough without being too broad. It protruded without showing
  a hint of flab to form a perfect crease at the juncture of her ass and thighs.
  The back of her thighs and calves were fantastic. He had always been turned
  on by the back of a woman's thighs and these made his dick spring up like a
  cobra. He had determined that this time he wanted a victim who was perfect
  and his goal had been achieved. He reached forward, buried his index finger
  in the top part of the crack of her ass. She reacted with a start and tried
  to move away but she had no leverage to really move very far. He ran his finger
  down    the crack of her ass. Somehow, instinctively,
  her ass cheeks tried to grasp his finger. She quickly realized what was happening
  and tried to relax the grip of her ass. But as she did that, he grasped both
  white globes and pulled them apart to reveal an ass hole that could have been
  a champion rose. The lines around it formed a slight swirl that directed the
  eyes toward the center &ndash; a hole that was beautiful.  
LardAss quickly got down on her knees, placed her face directly into the
  ass, and buried her tongue in the inviting shit chute. The victim was shocked,
  surprised, stunned, and unable to determine how one man could be gripping her
  ass in this manner and still get his tongue into her nether hole. Then, she
  felt the feminine facial cheeks against her ass cheeks and realized it was
  a female. Her brain was in turmoil. No one had ever put a tongue in her ass.
  She had never had a sexual encounter with a female. And now, in this strange
  world, she was experiencing both. Even worse, the moist, plunging tongue lapping
  up this forbidden hole was turning her on. She felt her pussy getting wet and
  her ass began pulsating as it tried to achieve even greater contact with this
  drilling, lapping, sucking human flesh that was entering her body from the
  back. Her chest began heaving as she felt the orgasm building, and suddenly,
  with a muffled scream, she had an orgasm such as she had never experienced.
  She was completely ashamed. How could her body betray her like this? Then,
  the two people moved around to her front. It was a strange sight as her eyes
  cast upon the female(LardAss) for the first time. The woman was tall, a bit
  overweight, disheveled hair, with strange scars(brands?) on her tits. Her tits
  sagged a bit but the letters &quot; LA  &quot; were
  burned in such a way that they straddled her nipples. My God, she thought,
  how that must have hurt.  
The woman spoke up and said, " My  name is
      LardAss. Your ass tasted great!"   
At that, she stuck out her tongue, removed what appeared to be    a    small
  piece of shit, looked at it, and put it back in her mouth and swallowed. The
  captive thought, " God  &ndash; I am in Hell!"   
   
He moved forward, his mouth was just level with her tits. He surrounded her
  nipple with his tongue and began sucking vigorously. His dick became even more
  erect as, for the first time in his life, he tasted human milk. She was nursing!
  He pulled away &ndash; looked at LardAss &ndash; and beckoned her forward.
  She began sucking the other tit and they both emptied her tits of the milk
  they were carrying. They knew they had a fantastic find. He thought her milk
  was sweeter than cow's milk although not as heavy with cream. It seemed thinner
  than regular milk and yet the warm taste of it coming from her nipple was extraordinary.
  The victim was in total dismay. Her boyfriend had wanted to suck her milk-laden
  tits and she would have nothing to do with it. Now, complete strangers were
  availing themselves of her milk. It was the most deplorable thing she had ever
  imagined. Little did she know that this was only the beginning.  
LardAss and he had left the room for about two hours. When they returned,
  the captive was in complete terror. She knew she would be raped, abused, and
  possibly even murdered. She was beside herself with fear and it showed on her
  face!  
    
He told her, " From this day forward you are our slave of degradation.
      You are here to be abused, degraded, and used in  any
      way we see fit. Your new name is: MilkTits. Always respond to it."   
Her eyes widened even more with fear. He had a metal probe in his hand that
  he inserted into her pussy. She started at the touch of the strange object.
  She had never had any thing that was not human inserted in her very private
  hole. There were wires attached to the probe that now hung from her crotch.
  This did not look good! He had moved behind her and inserted a similar probe
  in her ass hole. This hurt like a son-of-a-bitch and she began to sense that
  she was in even deeper trouble than she had dreamed. She also became aware
  of a collar around her neck that felt as though it had metal plates on its
  inside that were touching her bare skin.  
The naked heavy lady and he(also naked) now moved around to the front of
  her. He was holding two remotes and the fat bitch was holding one. He ripped
  off her tape gag but before she could say a word he stabbed a button on one
  remote and an electric surge zapped her neck. The pain was so quick, sharp,
  and instantaneous that it took away her breath. Then, before she could recover,
  the bitch stabbed her remote and a huge surge of electricity exploded in her
  pussy. She tried to jump up but she discovered that her ankles were secured
  to the stool upon which she stood. Then, again &ndash; quicker beyond belief &ndash; he
  stabbed the other remote and a similar blast of lightning rammed into her ass.
  She was beside herself with pain and surprise. Then, he and LardAss began doing
  a dance with their remotes &ndash; alternating jabs at buttons that caused
  huge bolts of electricity to alternate through her neck, her pussy, and her
  ass hole. Even with the restrictions of her bindings she was dancing like a
  puppet on a string as her body twitched and shook and vibrated with the intrusion
  of this incredible force. Her mind tried to keep track of where the pain was
  coming from but it was happening too quickly and her mind was revolting against
  this series of alternating bursts of pain. She lost control of her bladder
  and piss emitted from her pussy as it seeped past the edges of the probe. Drool
  was running from her mouth and her tongue was sticking in and out of    her
  mouth with the craziness of what was happening to her. Her pussy hair was sticking
  straight out and had lost all of its kinky curl. The hair on her head was rising
  and falling with the rhythm of the surges. She was crying and screaming non-human
  sounds but her blinking eyes saw the two people only smiling with enjoyment.
  Drops of milk even worked their way out of her heavy-laden tits. This went
  on for fifteen minutes until the man actually got a cramp in his finger and
  signaled LardAss to cease.  
He said, " That really hurts!"  as he rubbed his finger.  
MilkTits looked on in disbelief as her chest heaved with shock as her body
  tried to take in more oxygen to accommodate the energy that had been expended.
  Her cunt hair had curled back to its natural state but the    hair
  on her head was in complete disarray. Her ass was still twitching uncontrollably
  even though she tried to will it to be still.  
He had moved around to the side and was admiring the way her ass cheeks were
  jumping up and down of their own volition. She was crying huge tears and the
  corners of her mouth sagged with still-lasting pain. Her legs would no longer
  support her weight and she was dangling painfully from the bonds that secured
  her wrists above her head. He moved to her side, grabbed the wires of both
  probes, and jerked them from her ass and pussy at the same time. Even though
  that provided relief, the sudden shock of their removal was painful. He told
  her that this was a sampling of what they could do and, if necessary, they
  could make it even worse. She could not imagine anything worse. He told her
  that it was her duty to do as she was told &ndash; no matter what. He asked
  if she agreed. She reluctantly, but quickly, nodded her head in consent.  
He and LardAss had left the room for a few hours to let her regain her strength
  and composure. When they returned she was able to support herself on her feet.
  As they entered she gazed at them warily &ndash; wondering what was to happen
  next. She was, of course, still standing on the stool with her feet secured
  to it and her wrists still held above her head by ropes from the ceiling.  
He looked at her and thought, " My God she is beautiful!"   
LardAss was somewhat paranoid because she realized how beautiful this new
  one was and how shabby she, herself, was in appearance. As per their plan,
  LardAss got down on her hands and knees with her ass facing MilkTits. MilkTits
  had never been inclined to look at other naked women and now she was glad because
  this was not a pretty sight. LardAss' rear end was as wide as a billboard.
  There were brands on each of her ass cheeks. The scars formed the letters ' LA  '.
  Furthermore, her ass was pudgy with pockmarks all over it. Somehow her ass
  cheeks spread on their own and MilkTits had a full view of her ass hole and
  her hairless pussy. Her ass hole gaped open to an incredible size. There were
  irregular lines around the hole that served only to make the sight even worse.
  Little balls of shit and toilet paper clung to the area around her ass hole.
  Her pussy had huge lips that were puffy and almost deformed.  
The man walked behind LardAss, hunkered down behind her and his thick dick
  entered the ass hole with ease. His balls hung down in an obscene way with
  the lower one almost brushing the floor. MilkTits realized that this was not
  an attractive angle at which to look at a man. His ass was hairy and there
  were small balls of shit around his nether hole also. He began humping LardAss
  and his balls began slapping her pussy and thighs. Soon he and LardAss began
  picking up steam and they began grunting as the sweat formed on their bodies.
  LardAss was starting to scream and throw    her huge butt
  back at his attacking fence post of a dick. MilkTits found it to be the most
  obscene thing she had ever seen. She had never allowed anyone to even touch
  her ass hole, let alone fuck it.  
Suddenly he began to really pick up speed and it was obvious an orgasm was
  building. All at once he withdrew his throbbing dick so that the end was just
  at the top of the crack of LardAss butt. His dick then erupted in a flood of
  milky, streamy cum. It was unbelievable that such a large glob of cum could
  exit from the smallish pisshole at the end of his dick. Furthermore, it seemed
  to have no end. MilkTits was in awe because she always enjoyed seeing large
  amounts of man cum. This was more than she had seen in any three orgasms put
  together &ndash; on their best day. The cum was filling the large crack and
  flowing downward. Some of it entered the gapping ass hole, some of it split
  into two streams and flowed further downstream to coat the pudgy lips of the
  well-used pussy.  
Then, LardAss reached back, scooped up big globs of the white stuff and plunged
  it into her mouth. MilkTits thought she would vomit. It was obvious that the
  cum had specks of shit and pieces of used toilet paper in it.  
"My God,"  she thought, " What kind of animals
      are these?"   
He stood up and turned his attention to the strung up bitch. " Look
      at that ass hole,"  he said, " At one time it was
      as tight as yours!  Now it's like falling in a well.
      Soon yours will be the same."   
She was thunderstruck. She could not imagine what had taken place to stretch
  an ass hole that much. She wept.  
He and LardAss had left her in the room, still strung up, for several hours
  to ponder the events that had transpired. When they returned she was so frightened
  that she was shuddering. Actually that presented an erotic image because her
  large boobs vibrated and rippled with each cycle of the shuddering. She realized
  he was staring at her quivering tits but she was unable to stop her body from
  reacting to the fear that was within her. He pushed the remote quickly and
  a jolt coursed through her neck collar.  
She thought, " Oh  God here we go again!"   
He told her that was just a reminder of what could happen to her. He told
  her that they were going to temporarily remove her bonds so they could move
  her to another apparatus. If she resisted or raised a ruckus in any way she
  would be subjected to the electric dance again. When he asked her if she understood
  she quickly nodded her head and promised to do as they said. When they released
  her bonds her arms fell thankfully to her side. She was surprised at how stiff
  her limbs had become as the numbness turned to sharp tingling. He took her
  hand and she complied with him as he led her to a gynecological table. While
  playing with the remote, he told her to get up on the table. She did so quickly.  
He secured her hands to the side of the table, lifted her calves to the stirrups
  and fastened her securely at the ankles. The stirrups were designed to spread
  her legs wide and her pussy and asshole were readily visible. The table was
  short enough so that her ass hung over the edge. He showed her three white
  balls. He told her they were mothballs, their main ingredient was naphthalene.
  He told her he had never experimented with them but he was curious to find
  out how the tender inner linings of a human would interact with them. He then
  told her he was going to insert the three balls into either her asshole or
  her pussy. However, to show he was a sensitive guy, he was going to play &quot;MilkTits'
  Choice&quot; and let her decide which hole to use for insertion. She began
  sobbing, shaking her head, and gasping out to ask him please not to do that.
  He went on to say that she had two minutes to make the decision or he would
  simply insert three mothballs into each of her holes.  
She cried,  "No &ndash; no &ndash; I can't decide. Please don't
      do this."   
   
He replied,  "You must &ndash; you have a minute and fifty seconds
      left!"   
   
"Don't make me do this."   
   
"You must &ndash; one minute and thirty seconds left."   
   
"Please &ndash; please &ndash; please don't do this. I'll do anything &ndash; I'll
      suck your dick &ndash; I'll lick your balls. Anything - just don't do this!"   
   
"Your decision &ndash; I must have it &ndash; forty-five seconds
      left."   
   
She was sobbing &ndash; her bosom was heaving &ndash; her stomach was convulsing &ndash; she
  was trying to pull from her bonds &ndash; she was losing control.  
"I can't decide &ndash; I can't decide &ndash; I can't decide!"   
   
He was losing his patience as he began actually juggling the three balls
  in the air as he told her she had thirty seconds left.  
She pleaded,  "Please, please, please, please!"   
   
"Ten seconds left!"   
   
"In my ass &ndash; in my ass &ndash; God help me &ndash; in my
      ass!"   
   
At that he moved between her spread legs and pushed one of the mothballs
  against her asshole rim. Her tight virgin shit hole resisted mightily but all
  at once it popped into her hole. He repeated the procedure two more times with
  the same result. Then, he took his index finger, inserted it into her ass hole
  and pushed the three mothballs as far as he could into her rectum. He told
  her that he had researched the chemical that made up mothballs and determined
  that they gradually turned from a solid into a liquid. He didn't know the time
  factor but he told her she could be assured that eventually they would be gone.  
Meanwhile, she was starting to realize the reaction of her tender inner membranes
  to this strange chemical. Her rectum was on fire. She felt a cramping that
  was surpassed only by the burning sensation of the chemical within her inner
  sanctum. She began screaming with an ear-splitting sound that conveyed a level
  of pain the he had not witnessed during the torture of all of his previous
  subjects. He looked at LardAss and told her to shut up the bitch. LardAss promptly
  climbed onto the table, straddled MilkTits' face and plopped her ass directly
  down. Her pussy completely covered the beautiful mouth and her ass hole centered
  directly onto the perfectly shaped nose. MilkTits was beside herself with pain
  and humiliation. The fat pussy lips completed enveloped her mouth. The filthy
  asshole surrounded her nostrils and transmitted the fragrance of old shit.  
LardAss added an accent as she cut a long satisfying fart. MilkTits quit
  screaming as she tried to somehow find oxygen through this mask of ass. She
  felt as though a shitty, smelly dirigible had settled on her face. Then, with
  an incredible erection, he moved forward and began poking his thick dick at
  the entrance to MilkTits' pussy. Her pussy tried to reject this fence post
  that was knocking at its door, but to no avail. Suddenly, with a huge thrust,
  he plunged forward and his mast was buried to the base in the most beautiful
  pussy he had ever encountered.  
The feel of her pubic hair against his stomach served only to accentuate
  the erotic feelings that rose from the joining. She, in the meantime, was trying
  to deal with all of the assaults on her person. Her ass was on fire. Her face
  was buried in degradation. Her pussy was being stretched to limits it had never
  encountered other than at childbirth. And, to her shame, the feel of the thick
  dick against her pussy walls aroused her. She realized that it wasn't length
  that mattered &ndash; it was girth &ndash; and he had plenty of girth. He began
  stroking in and out, using the muscles of his hips to regulate the cycles of
  fucking he was delivering. Not only was her pussy being stretched but also
  her clitoris was being forcefully rubbed by his dick in a manner that it had
  never experienced. Pain and humiliation was being integrated with sexual arousal
  and her body did not know how to react. All at once a wave of an orgasm coursed
  through her body in spite of herself and her shame plunged to even deeper depths.
  The mothballs were really beginning to do their work and her asshole was now
  burning as though lye had been dumped into it. As she experienced the orgasm
  somehow her mind tried to evaluate what would be the prognosis for her rectum
  with the interaction of this unnatural chemical. Now, his dick was beginning
  to throb as it stroked in and out of her pussy. Unbelievably it swelled to
  an even greater diameter. His pendulous balls were tightening up to signal
  an advance warning of an impending orgasm. With a huge surge his dick began
  firing mighty blasts of cum directly into the center of her pussy. It was a
  volcano of semen-laded lava that seemed to have no end. It was incredibly hot,
  thick, and perpetual. She felt the jism projecting into her womb and she received
  it with wonder as she had never had this much man-juice plummeting into her
  body at one setting.  
She did not know he had taken Viagra and she could not understand how his
  erection was maintained after this mighty orgasm. At all of her previous encounters,
  each man had become immediately flaccid after coming, and in addition, the
  amount of juice had not even come close to the volume that had just been squirted
  into her. He was a horse! He kept up the strokes with his huge dick and now
  more waves of orgasm were    overcoming her.  
She thought, "My God &ndash; I'm going to be fucked to death!"   
All at once she felt a hot liquid pouring through her lips and over her face.
  To her dismay she realized that LardAss was pissing! In spite of herself she
  had to swallow the acrid, yellow stream and now her mind was beginning to shut
  down. Fiery pain in her ass &ndash; unending orgasms in her pussy &ndash; shit
  hole over her nose &ndash; piss in her mouth: she descended into unconsciousness.  
They released all of her bonds and left her lying on the table. They exited
  the room and sat on the opposite side of the one-way mirror to watch her when
  she regained consciousness. She began to stir and the first thing she felt
  was the intense burning in her bowels from the moth balls that were imbedded
  there. It was unrelenting and unbearable! He had done research that determined
  that the balls would take about eighteen hours to disintegrate completely within
  the confines of normal body heat. MilkTits was going crazy with agony. She
  was clawing at her ass hole to try to get to the offending invaders. She managed
  to put a finger into her ass but he had pushed them too far up the canal. She
  jumped from the table and began slamming her hip into the wall in the hopes
  of dislodging them. It was to no avail. She began doing jumping jacks in the
  hopes that they would shake loose.  
It was a beautiful sight! Her full tits were bouncing up and down with the
  workout and they formed an incredibly erotic sight. It gave him a new idea
  for future events. MilkTits was now rolling on the floor and crying in agony.
  As he sat and watched his dick was semi-erect. LardAss, sitting beside him,
  was lazily stroking his dick with her hand. Even in a semi-erect state her
  hand would not reach completely around the girth of the thick tool. With her
  other hand she was flicking her clit and her eyes were lost in a thousand-yard
  stare.  
He looked at the fat bitch beside him and suddenly felt a need to inflict
  punishment. He grabbed her by her pudgy shoulders and threw her facedown on
  to the floor. He put one foot on the back of her neck, grabbed her wide hips
  and pulled them upward until she had the posture of a crawling caterpillar.
  He abruptly inserted his fingers into her ass hole and continued pushing until
  his entire hand was buried in her gaping shit tunnel. He flexed his fingers
  inside of her bowels and she screamed with pain and pleasure. He actually began
  spinning her around on the floor using his imbedded hand to do the work. Her
  guts reacted vigorously to this invasion and pushing and pulling. He finally
  slipped his hand out and placed it in her mouth. Without a word she eagerly
  licked her shit from his fingers and hand.  
He then walked away and returned with a burlap bag that she knew was full
  of oranges. He had told her how con men used this device to screw insurance
  companies. It seems that it could be used to beat a person in such a way as
  to impose huge bruises without damaging a person's insides. The person with
  the bruised body would then take a fall somewhere and show the incredible bruises
  as proof of huge injuries. LardAss was shaking with    anticipation
  as she    realized that bruises equaled pain. He tightened
  his grip on the neck of the bag, began swinging it in a huge circle at arm's
  length, and finally let loose with a mountainous blow that came up from below
  and struck her in the abdomen and side. The sound of the bag of oranges crashing
  into her body made the sound of a huge &quot;SPLUB&quot;! The force of the
  blow actually lifted her from the floor. Large bruises immediately formed at
  the site of the blow.  
She screamed with pain and surprise at the force of the hit. His arm was
  a blur as he began swinging it in a loop in the opposite direction and brought
  it down with the centrifugal force directly onto her left ass. It sprawled
  her to the floor. Before she could recover he began raining blows down onto
  her body. The oranges were beginning to burst and juice was creeping through
  the weave of the burlap. Soon her entire body was a mass of color &ndash; yellow-
  blue &ndash; green &ndash; black &ndash; all mixed together to turn her entire
  skin into one large camouflage outfit. Her body was also swelling and taking
  on strange shapes. It was all finished off by a topping of leaking orange juice
  that was coating her entire body. He finally completed the task and stood there
  gasping for breath and admiring his work. It was some of the best work he had
  ever done.  
Twenty hours had elapsed and they viewed MilkTits lying on the floor in a
  stupor from the pain she had been enduring. He and LardAss entered the room
  to size up their prize. LardAss was moving gingerly from the blows that had
  racked her body. The first thing that MilkTits saw was the incredible bruised    body
  of LardAss. It shook her because she thought LardAss was his &quot;assistant&quot; and
  immune to such treatment. If this could happen to LardAss, my God, what could
  happen to her?  
He asked MilkTits if she was hungry or thirsty after her ordeal. She nodded
  her head in assent. He told her to crawl up on to the table and take a position
  on her hands and knees. She slowly and warily did so &ndash; wondering what
  was going to happen next. Her huge, beautiful tits were a sight to behold as
  they hung done with anticipation. He produced two miniature pails &ndash; one
  for himself and one for LardAss. They each positioned themselves on opposite
  sides of the hanging tits. He grasped one, she grasped the other and they began
  massaging the nipples until they became hard. Then, using a finger and thumb,
  they began milking the udders as though she were a simple cow.  
She cried with despair as she heard the milk splattering into the waiting
  metal pails. She never dreamed that something she had viewed with so much respect
  and wonder could be turned into another degrading ordeal. Soon, both of their
  little pails were half full and her tits would yield no more milk. They poured
  the contents into a cat-watering dish and placed it beneath her face. They
  told her this was her meal, she must lap it like a cat and if she didn't drink
  all of it, there would be another mothball treatment. With tears and sobbing
  she ducked her head, stuck out her tongue and began lapping like a goddamn
  cat. She could not believe that life could sink any lower.  
He walked around behind her and admired the view of her ass and pussy. It
  was truly the most attractive total package he had ever seen on a woman. He
  leaned forward and kissed her pussy straight in the middle of the wonderful
  lips. She flinched but then held still. He began invading her pussy with his
  tongue and soon he was stroking her clit with solid, even strokes. Her clit
  enlarged and her pussy became wet. In the meantime, LardAss was reaching under
  her and massaging her marvelous tits. In spite of herself, MilkTits was becoming
  aroused. She actually began pushing her pussy back against his face. Pussy
  juice coated his face and the musky smell of woman sex surrounded his nostrils.
  He could now taste her and he knew she was on the verge of having an orgasm.
  He pulled her ass cheeks further apart and buried his tongue even deeper in
  her love tunnel. At the same time he plunged his nose into her asshole and
  inhaled deeply. Her smells were getting him off and he backed up long enough
  to tell LardAss to get to work on his sex.  
She moved down on her knees and began licking his huge balls with her tongue.
  She somehow managed to slip the large one into her mouth and wrapped her tongue
  around it. Then, she worked her way up and took the bulbous mushroom dick end
  into her mouth. Her tongue slowly stroked his piss hole. Pre-cum seeped out
  and she swallowed it eagerly. Meanwhile, he was back to work on MilkTits pussy
  with his mouth. MilkTits began shuddering, shaking, quivering and screaming
  all at the same time.  
She cried, "Oh God &ndash; I'm coming &ndash; I'm coming &ndash; I'm
      coming &ndash;Thank you &ndash; Thank you &ndash; Yes &ndash; Here it comes!!!!"    
   
At that, waves of pleasure coursed through her body and pussy juice shot
  out of her pussy chute. Her face and neck had turned cherry red as her body
  sent blood flowing everywhere trying to reconcile the feelings that were being
  experienced. Then, with pussy juice leaking from his mouth, he began coming
  in LardAss' mouth. It was his usual massive loads that seemed to have no end.
  LardAss was swallowing as fast as she could and she still couldn't keep up.
  Man-cum was running out of her mouth and had even gone up into her nose. She
  was squeezing his balls, trying to coax out even more creamy juice. Then, she
  rose up, spun around, walked to MilkTits' face and buried her mouth onto the
  beautiful lips of the just-fucked bitch. Immediately they were swapping spit
  and cum until there was no difference between the juices in their mouths.  
They had secured her wrists to ropes that hung from the ceiling, went around
  a pulley and were connected to an electric motor. They first stretched her
  tight so that she had to stand on tiptoes and they took a few moments to admire
  the sight. She was beautiful! Her pendulous(but perky) tits were too much to
  flatten out even in this position. Then they raised her until her feet were
  about eighteen inches off of the floor. She felt as though her arms were going
  to come out of their sockets. Then, they moved a special device    beneath
  her. It consisted of a large base that had a steel rod, about three feet in
  length, screwed into a flange on the base. At the end of the rod was a fourteen-inch
  plastic dildo. The dildo was large, but still proportionate to its length.
  All around it were hard plastic studs that protruded about a half an inch.
  They positioned it beneath her and she knew she was doomed to endure more severe
  pain.  
He began slowly lowering her while LardAss held her hips to guide her down
  on to the imitation dick. LardAss positioned her ass hole directly over the
  dildo and he continued to slowly lower her. She screamed as her weight caused
  her to be impaled on the hideous device. She discovered that her ass hole was
  still exceedingly tender from the mothball treatment and the studs were ripping
  into the tender flesh of her bowels. She howled with pain but to no avail.
  She was lowered until her feet were flat on the floor. Now, almost twelve inches
  of the dildo were invading her shit chute. The pain was indescribable. She
  tried to stand on her tiptoes to release some of the pressure but there was
  still nine inches in her bottom. She cried unashamedly.  
He then placed a plastic device around her neck. It looked somewhat like
  the funnel collar that veterinarians placed around small animals to keep them
  from licking themselves. The device formed a large bowl around her head and
  the lip was actually about two inches above her sight of vision. He brought
  over a platform stepladder, climbed it to look down at her frenzied eyes. After
  some manipulation he secured the rim of the &quot;bowl&quot; to the ceiling
  with four small cables. It was now impossible for her to tip it. He then explained
  to her that she should not worry about leakage because there was a rubber gasket
  between the bowl and her neck that would keep anything from seeping out.  
She wondered what the hell he was talking about! He climbed down from the
  platform and moved another platform stepladder behind her. He climbed up it,
  she knew he was behind her although she could not see him, and her fright now
  superceded the incredible pain in her bottom as she wondered what was going
  to happen. Suddenly she felt a warm stream on the back of her neck. He was
  pissing on her and into the bowl!  
" Oh God",  she thought as she wondered what kind of
  deviant could think up something like this. The stream of hot piss seemed to
  have no end and soon there was a piss pond forming around her neck that came
  just up to the bottom of her chin. The acrid smell was overwhelming and she
  could lower her eyes enough to see the frothy top of the hot yellow liquid
  swirling beneath her face. It seemed that he pissed forever. Finally it dribbled
  to an end and she determined he must be shaking it as she heard drops splash
  into the liquid. She wanted to vomit but forced herself not to do so because
  she knew the bile would only swim in the piss    around
  her neck.  
Then, on the platform in front of her, LardAss clamored up, hunkered down
  with her broad ass directly in front of MilkTits' line of vision. Suddenly,
  a solid stream of piss began erupting from her smelly pussy. The dark yellow
  piss cascaded into the pond that was already there and splashed up into the
  captive face, striking her lips, her nostrils and her eyes. Now the piss pond
  was rising to a level above her chin and just below her lips. Thankfully, LardAss
  ran out of pee. He spoke to MilkTits from behind to tell her that they were
  going to drink lots of coffee to manufacture as much piss as possible. She
  had a choice when it rose above her mouth and nose. She could drown in piss
  with a dildo stuck up her ass or she could start drinking. They would decide
  when the ordeal was over.  
She would have collapsed were it not for the fear of what would happen to
  her guts if the dildo were allowed to penetrate even deeper &ndash; it was
  causing such pain as to drive her insane. She pondered the decision and even
  thought it might be time to simply drown and be done with everything. While
  she was thinking, he climbed to the platform in front of her and somehow managed
  to find more bladder contents to empty into her basin. His piss, too, splashed
  uncontrollably into her face and now the yellow liquid was creeping above her
  lips. She made her decision. She began swallowing eagerly, taking in the vile
  substance at a rate almost equal to the stream he was emitting. He finally
  finished and she was still drinking. The taste, the smell, the thought was
  almost too much for her senses. The piss pond around her was splattered with
  her tears.  
The next four hours seemed like four centuries. Her legs cried out for relief
  from supporting her weight as she was forced to stand with the harsh dildo
  in her ass. Her ass was begging for relief as the dildo, with its studs, continued
  to punish the tender inner linings that were already incredibly sore from the
  mothball experience. Her neck was getting tired from supporting the    weight
  of the piss-filled collar. Worst of all, her throat ached from the cruel acid
  taste of piss. It seemed that the man and LardAss could piss continuously as
  she tried to swallow quicker than they could produce. Sometimes she was forced
  to gasp for breath and piss was sucked into her nostrils and up into her sinuses.
  The taste and pain was unbearable. And, finally, her inner being was losing
  its identity as she fought to maintain dignity and, yet, lost the fight at
  every turn.  
They finally decided they were tired of drinking coffee and pissing. He released
  the snaps on the collar and the remaining piss cascaded all over her beautiful,
  naked body. She didn't even care. He and LardAss grasped her under the arms
  and without any warning, hoisted her up off the dildo. Her rectum screamed
  as the studs of the dildo tore her skin as the device was exited from her ass
  hole. They let her go and she fell in a heap of piss-smelling, saturated, barely
  human pile of flesh, tits, pussy, and ass.  
The Heavy Bag Session   
   
He brought in the television and played a video for them. It showed him in
  a workout when he was involved with boxing. This particular segment showed
  him working with the heavy bag. He was pounding the bag and it moved only slightly
  with each powerful punch. However, it was obvious that his punches were powerful
  because each punch made an indentation on the bag and resin dust could be seen
  bouncing from the bag with each punch. He explained to them that he was going
  to do another workout &ndash; only this time one of them would be the heavy
  bag. He told them that one of them would be suspended from the ceiling &ndash; upside
  down &ndash; and he would do about a thirty-minute workout on the unlucky chosen
  one. LardAss began immediately crying. She pointed out that she was still black
  and blue from the &quot;orange&quot; session and it didn't seem fair that she
  should undergo another beating.  
He told her she was right so there would be a contest to determine the one
  chosen to be the &quot;bag&quot;. It would be a pussy-eating contest. They
  would assume the &quot;69&quot; position and begin eating each other's pussy.
  Every thirty minutes he would roll them over so that the one on the bottom
  would have the opportunity of being on top. The one on the bottom would have
  a pillow to support her head. The first one to stop eating pussy would be declared
  the loser and would immediately be hoisted up for the workout.  
MilkTits was aghast! She had always been repulsed by the idea of lesbian
  sex and now she was going to be right in the middle of it. She began begging
  and he said, " Shut up or I'll simply declare you the loser right
  now!"   
Her cries ceased. He told them he had already flipped a coin and MilkTits
  would start on the bottom. Inwardly, LardAss was quite happy. She knew she
  could eat pussy longer than this sissy-ass bitch. They assumed the position
  with LardAss on top. He placed a pillow beneath MilkTits' head. As he pressed
  a timer he told them to begin.  
LardAss immediately dived in and buried her face in MilkTits' muff. It was
  obvious from the slurping sounds that she was using her tongue and lips liberally
  on the gorgeous pussy. MilkTits began but was more tentative. She licked the
  outer edges of the pussy and tasted the lack of freshness that epitomized LardAss'
  style. She tasted old cum, rancid pussy juice, and many days of sweat. Also,
  the asshole above her was rank with old shit and cum. MilkTits was disgusted
  at the huge, flabby, pockmarked ass that rested directly above her face.  
He told her she better get more engaged with her mouth and tongue or she
  would be disqualified. When she thought of the punishment that waited for the
  loser she immediately responded by diving into the fat pussy lips. After twenty-eight
  minutes, both of their tongues and jaws    were tired.
  Yet they were still going at it with great vigor.  
LardAss had already experienced four orgasms that sprayed pussy juice all
  over MilkTits' face. Meanwhile, much to her chagrin, MilkTits had also experienced
  an orgasm. She could not believe that she had been unable to control her urges
  any better than this. Her orgasm had been different than any other she had
  ever experienced and she was beginning to wonder if there was something wrong
  with her!  
At thirty minutes he knelt down and began pushing on the entwined bodies
  until MilkTits was now on top. They had managed to roll over without disengaging
  their tongues from each others' pussy. He was turned on from watching them
  and was busy stroking his engorged dick. He noticed some pre-cum on the end
  of his huge mushroom head and he knelt down and    wiped
  it on the side of MilkTits' face.  
"God,"  she thought, " Does it never end?"   
After three hours and fifteen minutes they were both sore and exhausted.
  Their faces were tired. Their pussys were tired. They had gone through several
  multiple orgasms that seemed to flow from one to the other. LardAss was worried.
  She could not believe the bitch had kept up with her. She was now on top and
  she decided to put an end to this. She began straining and suddenly erupted
  with a solid stream of yellow piss directly into MilkTits' mouth. MilkTits
  could not believe this was happening to her! Piss was streaming into her mouth,
  into her nostrils, into her eyes, and flowing down both sides of her face and
  saturating her hair. She wanted to scream but dared not stop licking this pissing
  pussy!  
Finally the stream of piss ended. MilkTits' sinus cavities were burning from
  the piss that had invaded them. Her eyes were red with anger from the inhuman
  invasion. Worst of all was the taste that lingered in her mouth, throat, and
  on her tongue.  
She thought, " I'm going to make her pay for that!"  as
  she kept on eating the stinking pussy.  
At two and a half hours he rolled them over again so that MilkTits was now
  on top. LardAss noticed that the beautiful ass above her face seemed to be
  clenching and releasing. She became suspicious and wondered what was going
  on as she continued to eat the pussy resting on her mouth. Suddenly MilkTits
  squeezed out a huge soft turd. It popped from her ass and landed directly on
  the bridge of LardAss' nose. It folded in half over her nose and each end rested
  directly in her eyes.  
She stopped eating pussy and screamed, " You dirty rotten bitch!
      You've blinded me!"   
Then, too late, she realized that she had stopped eating pussy. She tried
  to begin again but he said calmly , "Too late &ndash; you're the
  loser!"   
LardAss began weeping and trying to wipe the shit from her eyes. She was
  begging &ndash; saying she had already been damaged enough. He responded by
  pushing MilkTits off of her. He immediately slapped a leather belt around LardAss'
  waist. He secured her wrists to the sides of the belt so that her arms could
  not move. Then he fastened cuffs to each ankle that were connected with a short
  length of chain. He lowered a chain and hook from the ceiling and attached
  it to the ankle chain. He pushed a button and a hoist began immediately lifting
  her until she hung upside down, with her head about twelve inches above the
  floor.  
MilkTits was staring with relief and disbelief. He put on very large boxing
  gloves. He explained that these were so thick that they would not damage any
  bones or internal organs. However, they would cause tremendous pain and bruising.
  LardAss was screaming now because her body was already racked with bruises
  and she could not imagine any further blows being delivered. As he moved behind
  her he suddenly let loose with a right hand directly into her kidneys. The
  large glove made a satisfying &quot;womp&quot; on her body and her body reacted
  by swinging slightly in the opposite direction of the blow.  
She screamed with agonizing pain and begged him to stop. He responded by
  delivering blow after blow &ndash; trying to catch her at the peak of her pendulum
  swing as gravity pulled her body toward him. MilkTits was now screaming also
  at the absolute inhumane pain that was taking place in front of her. The two
  bitch's screaming was forming a chorus of enjoyment for him that simply served
  to motivate him more. He kept raining blows upon her body for forty minutes
  until sweat was rolling off of him and flying through the air with each blow.
  LardAss begged for unconsciousness but to no avail. Her body would not give
  her the relief and every muscle in her body told her that she was experiencing
  something that the human body was not equipped to endure.  
He finally stopped from sheer exhaustion and looked with satisfaction at
  her body that was slowly swinging and displaying more colors than anyone would
  have thought possible. MilkTits was crying &ndash; crying from relief that
  this had not happened to her. He laid down and told MilkTits to lick the sweat
  from his body. She moved quickly because she did not want to piss him off.
  Soon her tongue was drinking the sweat from his skin and her nostrils were
  trying to ignore the stench that emanated from his body. The worst part was
  the thick mat of pubic hair that was drenched with sweat and provided a haven
  for the bacteria that produced body odor. She did not care.  
She licked until there was no sweat on any part of his body. She moved up
  his body and began whispering in his ear. She told him that she would make
  a better &quot;queen&quot; than LardAss. She was better looking &ndash; she
  was younger &ndash; and she was still undamaged. And, as an extra bonus, she
  had milk! She told him she would do anything LardAss could do &ndash; and do
  it better. He thought of her beautiful body laying on top of him and then looked
  over at the bruised, fat, unsightly bitch that was hanging upside down. But,
  he also thought of the mentality of LardAss who so desperately enjoyed perverse
  sex and degradation. He told MilkTits that the best he could do would be to
  have a final contest to determine who would stay and who would leave &ndash; to
  a life much worse than this.  
The Final Contest   
   
He showed them a pair of the strangest devices they had ever seen. They were
  both identical. Each was a dildo, about ten inches long and two inches in diameter.
  In the middle of each dildo was a row of protruding studs that stuck out about
  a half an inch. They all slanted back toward the base of the dildo. Thus, when
  inserted, it would be very difficult for them to be pulled out because the
  studs would dig into the tissue like the barb on a fishhook. The base of each
  dildo consisted of a full sized handgrip similar to what could be found on
  a hunting knife. Separating the base handle from the dildo was a hand guard
  that wrapped completely around the device. Thus, when inserted fully, the dildo
  would stop at the guard.  
He told them that each of them would have this special dildo inserted into
  her asshole. Once inserted, it would not slip out of its own volition because
  of the protruding studs. The first one to have their dildo removed by the other
  would be declared the loser and would be sold. The viciousness of the dildo
  made them each shudder. The finality of the word &quot;sale&quot; made them
  almost collapse.  
LardAss weighed her chances. She was bigger and meaner, but she had also
  just suffered two severe beatings that had weakened her. MilkTits also weighed
  her odds. She was quicker, more agile, and in better shape. However, she had
  never hit anyone. This was as close to a fight to the death as anything she
  had ever imagined.  
He then told them to bend over. He had placed a small bit of KY jelly on
  the end of each device. He inserted them both at the same time. It was incredibly
  painful to each of them but they held their ground while he buried them to
  the hilt. He then told them to straighten up and move ten feet apart. They
  did so with a great deal of pain as the dildos stretched and prodded their
  asses.  
When he told them to begin they tried to leap toward each other. However,
  with the pain in their guts the best they could do was a combination of a hop,
  a shuffle, and a waddle. LardAss tried to drive a fist into one of the milk-laden
  tits but MilkTits was too fast for her and dived under the blow. MilkTits immediately
  realized, however, she had made a tactical error because the handle of the
  dildo was now in plain view of LardAss. LardAss grabbed the handle and gave
  a yank. She, too, had miscalculated because the dildo did not come out as easily
  as she had anticipated. The studs apparently dug into the tender tissues of
  MilkTits' inner ass and resisted removal. This did, however, cause immense
  pain in MilkTits' bowels. She screamed in anguish and rolled to her right,
  wrenching the device from LardAss' hand.  
LardAss hobbled after the rolling body but as she approached, MilkTits aimed
  her foot directly into the middle of the hairless pussy. Three of her toes
  actually imbedded themselves in the fat pussy. Now it was LardAss' turn to
  howl. MilkTits then buried her other foot directly into the bruised midsection
  of the overweight bitch. LardAss counterattacked by simply dropping her body
  directly on to the beautiful bitch on the floor. MilkTits gasped as one hundred
  eighty pounds fell directly on to her.  
They both arose and faced each other. LardAss somehow managed to ignore the
  piercing pain in her asshole and leaped forward. She grasped her smaller opponent
  in a mashing bear hug. In doing so she also pinned MilkTits' arms to her side.
  She could not move. LardAss began squeezing with incredible force and was driving
  the breath completely from MilkTits' body. MilkTits' face was mashed against
  LardAss' chest. MilkTits felt something soft against her mouth and realized
  that a tit was directly in front of her lips. She opened her mouth and a nipple
  and a good portion of the tit was now in her mouth. She clamped down with all
  of her might, driving her teeth into the tender woman flesh, drawing blood
  to the point that she thought she could completely bite off the nipple.  
LardAss screamed in agony, let loose of her bear hug and tried to pull away
  from the electrifying teeth. Pulling away was a mistake. Now she encountered
  even more pain. As she tried to deal with this source of horrible pain she
  lost touch with everything else that was happening.    She
  did not feel MilkTits' hand reaching behind her. She did not feel the first
  tug on the dildo buried in her ass. Suddenly the pain in her tit was equaled
  by the pain in the inner linings of her ass. The dildo was being removed and
  the studs were digging into flesh and causing the flesh to tear and give up
  its hold on the unnatural device buried in her ass. All at once MilkTits released
  the tit from her teeth and held up the bloody dildo to acclaim her victory.
  LardAss collapsed as she realized what had just happened.  
Goodbye LardAss   
   
The man and MilkTits were watching as the slaver was preparing LardAss for
  travel. The slaver, a swarthy Arab, was the only one dressed. For some reason,
  both MilkTits and LardAss were embarrassed. They were used to being naked with
  their master but this was the first time an outsider had seen them, and he
  was dressed. Before securing LardAss he had examined his new purchase. He put
  a finger of each hand directly into her pussy and spread it apart. She thought
  her pussy was accustomed to any infringement but he was rougher than anything
  she had encountered. He then moved behind her and told her to bend over. He
  put the same two fingers into her asshole and spread it brutally open. He had
  a pencil flashlight in his mouth and he examined her asshole carefully. It
  was not scarred too much and would offer a great deal of pleasure to whomever
  he brokered her. He told her to straighten up as he moved around to her front.
  He took the same two fingers and stuck them in her mouth. As he moved to do
  this she saw that his long fingernails had black grease under them. She almost
  vomited as she tasted his dirty fingers and the shit and juice from her own
  holes. He looked carefully at her teeth.  
He told her he was happy she had good teeth because some of his purchasers
  liked to remove teeth as a form of punishment. She shuddered. The slaver attached
  leather cuffs to her ankle. An eighteen-inch chain connected the cuffs. She
  would be able to walk &ndash; but only with small steps. He had put a leather
  belt around her waist and secured her wrists to the belt. Her hands were pinned.
  He had attached one end of a short chain to her collar and the other end was
  attached to the chain connecting her ankles. This forced her to bend over at
  a forty-five degree angle. As her tits hung freely in the air, he pierced them
  with two pins. Each pin had an eye on one end. These were also connected with
  a small chain. He attached a leash to the chain connecting her nipples.  
He then implanted a large inflatable butt plug in her tender ass. He told
  her he was doing this because he did not like his livestock shitting in his
  trailer. She tried to think what the word &quot;trailer&quot; meant? She was
  sure it was nothing good. He then led her from the room and to the outside.
  An enclosed livestock trailer was backed up to the door. He led her up the
  ramp as she could only move with slow, halting steps. Even so, he yanked viciously
  on the chain, causing her tits to scream in agony. There was straw on the floor
  and it seemed to pierce the bottoms of her feet. The trailer was divided into
  partitions just wide enough for a human body. There were already several naked
  women in the trailer. They were moaning and crying in despair.  
The slaver quickly picked up a cattle prod and began zapping all of the naked
  butts that were easily reachable. They screamed but immediately shut up. He
  led her to an empty stall and secured her leash to the front of the stall.
  Her wide hips rubbed against the partition. The backs of her thighs were already
  screaming with the pain of her position, as she had to maintain the difficult
  angle of leaning forward. A rope hung from the ceiling and he secured this
  to the back of her leather belt. He explained that if she fell, or collapsed,
  she would hang from the rope. In front of her were two troughs. One trough
  contained a brackish water in it. The other contained some type of dried animal
  food pellets. He told her she was in for a ten-hour ride. She cried openly
  as she realized what she was leaving and what she was probably going to. He
  walked back to finalize the transaction with the man. The man was standing
  next to his new queen &ndash; the most beautiful woman the slaver had ever
  seen. As he watched the man with his arm draped over the shoulder of the beauty,
  he was envious. The man was idly playing with her perfect left nipple. A small
  drop of milk was hanging from it. The slaver looked at her perfect bush and
  knew that it covered an even more perfect pussy. Her thighs would make the
  gods cry. The slaver actually believed that she would have brought a high six
  figure amount in American dollars on the open slave market.  
The slaver was also    envious of the man's equipment.
  His dick was not terribly long but it was the thickest fuck pole he had ever
  seen. And the balls &ndash; the balls &ndash; two giant globes that openly
  told of the man's potency. Finally, the thickest, blackest pubic hair he had
  ever seen. The slaver was bi-sexual and he would have liked to fuck them both.
  He asked the man if, as part of the deal, he could fuck this beautiful bitch.
  The man shook his head no. The slaver asked if he could at least look at her
  asshole. The man consented and told his new queen to turn around and bend over.
  She reddened as she knew she was going to be examined like a piece of meat.
  She turned around, bent over, and reached back to spread her marvelous cheeks.
  The slaver knelt down behind her and put his face just inches from the most
  perfect asshole he had ever seen. It had soft, pink folds of flesh that rotated
  about the hole and pointed directly into it &ndash; as though saying, "this
  is someone's palace of pleasure".   
Suddenly he plunged his face forward and buried his large hook nose in her
  asshole. She wanted to move but managed to stand still. She felt his nose and
  then she felt and heard him inhale greedily. He took in the aroma of shit gladly
  and noticed the remnants of a strange chemical smell in her ass. He would have
  never dreamed that he was actually smelling the lingering leftovers of moth
  balls.  
He stood up and asked the man if he could at least watch him fuck her. The
  man nodded his assent. The slaver watched as the man moved forward with the
  aroused fence post protruding from his groin. With one lunge he buried his
  thick dick in her pussy. He began humping her slowly and she, in turn, responded.
  Meanwhile, without the man's knowledge, the slaver had knelt down behind his
  ass. Suddenly the slaver buried his tongue in the man's asshole. The man's
  first reaction was to turn around and deck the son-of-a-bitch. But then he
  thought, "What the hell &ndash; no one should give up the opportunity
  of having a tongue up their ass &ndash; especially when they're fucking a beautiful
  cunt!"    
The slaver had an incredible tongue. It was long, wide, and moved like an
  eel. It almost reached to the man's prostate. He felt himself building to an
  orgasm and just as he was about to come he spun around with his throbbing,
  twitching dick directly in front of the slaver's mouth. The slaver took the
  bulbous head of the dick directly into his mouth just as the dick erupted in
  spasms of orgasms. Cum was splattering into the slaver's mouth and he was drinking
  it vigorously. When the man finally withdrew his dick from the bastard's mouth,
  the dick was completely clean of any love juice.  
Then the man asked the Arab if he would like something to drink to wash down
  the cum. The slaver quickly nodded his head. MilkTits was still bent over with
  her tits    hanging freely. The man took a glass, placed
  it beneath her tit and slowly milked the pert nipple. A solid stream of milk
  bounced into the glass. The man directed the Arab to a glass and invited him
  to do his milking on the other side. The Arab did so but used his dirty fingers
  in a cruel pull on the other waiting nipple. Similarly, a solid stream of milk
  flowed into the waiting glass. When it was half full, the slaver took the glass
  and chugged the milk down greedily. It was not as creamy as commercial milk
  but it had an interesting appealing flavor.  
After drinking the woman-milk the Arab belched loudly in self-gratifying
  satisfaction. At that, the man said, "Get the fuck out of here you
  faggot Arab bastard!"   
The slaver looked with fear at the man's muscled arms and quickly withdrew
  to his truck and sped away with the bouncing trailer of naked women it.  
The man told his new queen to go sit on the couch. He laid down with his
  head in her naked lap so that her beautiful, full tit hung directly into his
  mouth. He began suckling her teat, tasted the milk, and planned his next adventure.  
 
    
Coming Soon: Chapter V   BlackHole   
 (or &ndash; Black   is   Beautiful &ndash; when
      used properly)   
   
 Chapter VI   LardAss Returns   
 (or &ndash; Is Ass better the second time around?)   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter V   
BlackHole   
 (  or &ndash; Black is
        Beautiful &ndash; when used properly  )   
She was stretched and secured to the floor and ceiling. Her long arms were
  pulled above her head, spread wide and secured by cords to eyebolts in the
  ceiling. Her long slender legs were spread wide and secured    to
  the floor. He was lying between her legs, looking up at her naked body. She
  was a sight to behold. She was extremely black. She was six foot two inches
  tall when her legs weren't spread. Her skin was as smooth as velvet. Her tits
  protruded straight out from her body. Although they were large, they were too
  proud to sag. Her nipples and aureole were deep purple and they were huge!
  The hair on her head was cropped close to her skull and was tightly kinky.
  Her pubic hair was huge. It extended almost to her deep navel and well beyond
  the line of her thighs.  
It was the first bush that he had seen that might be thicker and deeper than
  his own pubic hair. He stood and circled behind her and the sight took his
  breath away. It was the most erotic ass he had ever seen. He now understood
  the term "high cheeker". Her ass protruded straight out and seemed to be four
  feet above the floor. To call her ass "perky" would have been to do it a disservice.
  He grasped both globes with his hands and the cheeks were pleasantly firm and
  muscular. Even while stretched and unconscious she had tremendous posture.
  It gave the impression that there was royal ancestry blood flowing through
  her veins. She brought to mind the out of date term, "Royal Negress".  
Thin nylon cords were tied tightly around her nipples. The cords went up
  to the ceiling, around a pulley, and hung down to the floor. He began yanking
  on them and stretching her huge nipples even further than they had ever protruded,
  even when aroused. The pain in her nipples pierced through to her brain and
  caused her to begin to revive consciousness. As she revived, he stood up in
  front of her and MilkTits joined him and stood beside him. He secured weights
  to each of the cords so that she would still experience the fiery pain in her
  nipples. The black woman opened her eyes and thought she must be dreaming.  
She could not move her arms and legs, she was naked, her nipples were screaming
  at her brain and, to top it off, two naked white honky ass holes were standing
  in front of her with grins on their faces. She looked down on the man and her
  eyes immediately went to his package. She had fucked a white man once and all
  she remembered was his teeny tiny dick. This guy was different. His dick wasn't
  terribly long but it was thicker than any black dick she had ever fucked. His
  balls were gigantic! They hung low with one of them almost going to his knees.
  And, there was his mat of pubic hair. She liked pubic hair and his was a jungle.
  It was not as big and thick and black as hers &ndash; but &ndash; nobody's
  was.  
The woman was also a sight to behold. She was the whitest woman the black
  bitch had ever seen and she was gorgeous. The black woman admired beauty in
  both    sexes and this white woman was something to admire.
  Her body was perfect. Her pussy cried out to be fucked. And her tits were large,
  perky, and perfectly shaped. The black woman thought she saw a droplet of milk
  hanging from one nipple and wondered what the hell was going on with these
  two.  
She knew she had to take control of the situation so she demanded to be released.
  He moved up to within inches of her face, stared at her, and simply smiled.
  The black woman could not tolerate such arrogance and she immediately spit
  directly into his face.  
He did not react as he continued to smile and said, "I'm glad you  like
      to exchange bodily fluids. We will be sharing all of ours with you very
      soon."   
The black woman shuddered inwardly at the quietness of his voice. Then she
  was shocked to see the white woman come up to him and lick the spittle from
  his face.  
He said, "This bitch's name is MilkTits. Your name from this day
      hence  is 'BlackHole'. I would suggest you always
      respond to it."   
At that, he and MilkTits turned and left the room, leaving her strung up
  with heavy weights pulling the cords attached to her pained nipples.  
They left her for two hours &ndash; strung up &ndash; nipples weighted down &ndash; body
  beautiful as nervous sweat formed and made the pure black skin glisten beneath
  the fluorescent lights. She was smart enough to realize there was no point
  in wasting the energy it would take to yell. Yet, they could see nervousness
  take hold of her as her eyes flitted from one part of the room to the other.  
When they re-entered the room, she tensed with fear and anger. He told her
  not to worry about the immediate future because he had just come in to eat
  some breakfast. He was carrying a bowl of corn flakes. MilkTits bent until
  her torso was parallel to the floor and her wonderful tits were hanging freely.
  Then, after placing his bowl beneath the right tit, he began milking her.  
" My God,"  thought BlackHole, " He's milking
      her like a fucking cow!"   
After the bowl was filled to his satisfaction he stood about a foot in front
  of the new captive and began to slowly eat the cereal. He finished by raising
  the bowl to his lips, tilting it up, and loudly slurping its remaining contents.
  He then walked up to the black woman and placed his lips directly onto her
  large, bountiful lips.  
She tried to pull back but to no avail. MilkTits told her to open her mouth
  or more weights would be added to her nipples. She reluctantly opened her lips
  and suddenly felt a gush of human milk and saliva cascade into her mouth. He
  kept his hand around the back of her head and his mouth implanted on hers.
  She had no choice but to swallow the repulsive load.  
He pulled back and told her that was the nicest fluids she would ever receive
  from them. He told her that soon she would also receive a different kind of
  cream and other less desirable body products. Her brain raced as she realized
  the import of this message. Nevertheless, she began screaming, " Let
  me out of here you  honky mother-fucker or I will have
  your ass so deep in prison that they will have to pump in daylight!"   
He smiled gently and decided it was time for an attitude adjustment. He tightened
  her bonds so that she was now stretched like the skin on a drum. He released
  the bindings that had captured her nipples. He then lit up a cigarette and
  inhaled deeply until the end was cherry red. He knelt in front of her gorgeous
  stomach and firmly planted the lit end on the tender smooth skin that was stretched
  before him. She screamed in agony and when the scream reached its highest pitch
  he again placed the fiery end just below the burn he had just inflicted. Now
  her screams became inhuman and she tried to form words to beg but her agony
  was too great for her to articulate what she wanted to say. He kept inhaling
  and poking her, using the dots of fire to form backward letters on her stomach,
  just above her full bush.  
All in all, it took eight packs of cigarettes to complete the task. She had
  been reduced to a simpering, sobbing, inhuman mass of black skin and bones.
  She had screamed throughout the ordeal. He could have gagged her but the sound
  and pitch of her screeches were really quite enjoyable.  
He and MilkTits brought in a full-length mirror to hold in front of her.
  She realized he had printed words backwards on her canvas of skin. But in the
  mirror it could be read easily &ndash; the words &quot;BlackHole&quot;  .
  She was beside herself with pain and, even worse, grief. She had always been
  proud of her smooth, taut, ebony tummy. Now it was a mass of blister, seeping
  burns that would scar her beautiful body.  
He explained to her that when and if she returned her to the real world,
  he wanted her to have a remembrance that would be with her whenever she looked
  in a mirror. He suddenly released the bindings that were holding her arms in
  the air, stretching her body. With her legs spread and secured to the floor,
  she lost her balance and fell flat on her ass on to the floor. He and MilkTits
  immediately grabbed her wrists and, before she realized what was taking place,
  they had secured her wrists to rings in the floor &ndash; causing her body
  to be stretched tightly in a prone position.  
He stood above her with this thick dick standing at attention. Then, he leapt
  like a cat directly on to her body, burying his dick into her cunt. The suddenness
  of the attack caught her off guard. Two thoughts ran through her mind. The
  first one was pain. His hard stomach was grinding directly into the burns on
  her stomach. The pain was unimaginable. Secondly, her cunt was so big that
  no man &ndash; not even a well-endowed black man had ever managed to fill it.
  She was always embarrassed that she could not provide a tight fuck for a man.
  But this white bastard's dick was so thick that for the first time she felt
  tight contact all around the walls of her pussy.  
She was conflicted by the pain of the burns on her stomach and the wondrous
  feeling she was getting for the first time on the walls of her pussy. He was
  humping her steadily    now and she was being aroused
  in a new and different way from any other she had ever experienced. They were
  both coming to the point of orgasm together and, with the effort, his body
  was emitting sweat that was seeping into the fresh burns on her abdomen. The
  pain was coming to a peak at the same time as her giant orgasm.  
She began screaming with pain and pleasure and he began pumping huge wads
  of semen directly into her love tunnel. Pussy juice was flowing and mixing
  with his fluids, she was ignoring the pain and enjoying the ecstasy. He finally
  arose from her heaving body and she had a good view of his dick &ndash; dripping
  with cum and pussy juice. She was in awe of the orgasm he had just inflicted
  upon her. She began to wonder what the hell was wrong with her that she could
  have these feelings in the midst of such torture and degradation?  
MilkTits brought out a yellow bag and dumped its contents beside the    secured
  black victim. Its contents consisted of coarse salt pellets. Then they released
  the bindings on her left arm and left leg. They firmly held her freed arm and
  leg and flipped her over directly so that the salt pellets were directly beneath
  her freshly burned stomach. They quickly secured her arm and leg. Then they
  each sat on an upturned ass cheek and sipped a cup of coffee.  
This was difficult because beneath them, BlackHole was writhing in pain.
  The salt was imbedding itself in the burns and transmitting incredible burning
  pain along her nerve paths and into her brain. She was now sobbing and telling
  them she would do anything if they would just relieve her suffering. They casually
  finished their coffee and stood above her pain-racked body. They had each taken
  a tennis racket and told her they were going to play &quot;ass tennis&quot;.  
At that, he swung a huge overhead blow that landed directly on her right
  ass. She screamed in agony but before she could finish her scream, MilkTits
  swung a beautiful backhand that caught the full surface of her left ass. They
  were now swinging alternate blows on each ass cheek and she was writhing and
  screaming with all her might. Her body was being driven with tremendous force
  into the pile of salt pellets and she could find no relief from all of the
  sources of pain. Her ass cheeks looked like a waffle iron as they duplicated
  the webbing of the tennis racquets. Finally, he and MilkTits had to stop from
  sheer exhaustion. They were bathed in sweat.  
They told her they were going to flip her back over and they wanted no resistance.
  She shouted out her agreement between sobs and she begged them to do anything
  to give her relief. They again released the bindings on one side of her body.
  They flipped her on to her back and secured her again to the floor. Now some
  of the salt was seeping into the wounds of her ass. Also, pieces of salt were
  imbedded in the pus-ridden cigarette burns and thus, she still had no relief.  
He asked her if she would like the salt washed from her burns. She quickly
  nodded in assent. He nodded to MilkTits. She then straddled the prone body,
  hunkered down above the black, scarred stomach. With a quick sharp fart she
  began pissing all over the scarred skin. MilkTits wiggled her hips as she pissed
  so as    to splatter the entire canvas of burns. BlackHole
  began screeching again. The salt was being washed from her scars but it was
  being replaced by the searing pain of uric acid. Furthermore she had a perfect
  view of the piss emitting from the pussy and splattering off of her once-proud
  body. She could not believe she had fallen into this world.  
When MilkTits finally finished, she stood up with droplets of piss clinging
  to her beautiful bush. She turned around, placed her cunt directly over BlackHole's
  face and slowly settled her pussy directly onto the full, lush lips. BlackHole
  tasted pussy and piss for the first time. It was not good.  
Then, BlackHole felt the first effects of the potential of the collar around
  her neck. The man had pushed a button on his remote and thunderous waves of
  electricity flowed into her body. Her body was racked with spasms as it tried
  to deal with this new source of agony. He told her to begin eating the pussy
  or the electricity would flow into infinity. Quickly she parted her black lips
  and extended her tongue. MilkTits then became the benefactor of the longest,
  most solid tongue she had ever dreamed possible. The tall black lady had given
  a lot of pleasure with her incredible tongue. But, up until now, it had only
  massaged the insides of men's mouths. It was a tongue to die for. Now, this
  same moist sword of pleasure was swabbing the insides of MilkTits' pussy.  
As the tongue swung from wall to wall of the cunt it retreated slightly and
  curved its way up to the engorged clit. As her tongue massaged the clit, MilkTits
  felt blood rushing to her crotch. Waves of ecstasy began coursing through her
  body and she orgasmed in great waves, pushing puddles of pussy juice directly
  into the waiting mouth. BlackHole had no choice other than to swallow each
  glob that was descending into her oral cavity. Surprisingly, even in this horrible
  environment, she found herself actually enjoying the taste of the juice, and,
  the power she had momentarily taken over her captor.  
As MilkTits arose, slimes of fluids could be seen all around the mouth of
  BlackHole. He looked down at her and asked if she was happy. Not wanting to
  sound argumentative, she nodded her head in assent. He smiled and said sternly, " You're
  not here for happiness."   
Then, he zapped her collar again and watched her quiver and shake uncontrollably.
  He then told her that liquid was a good conductor of electricity. Now he straddled
  her body with his dick and balls swinging above her face. MilkTits came over
  and took hold of his dick. He began pissing. MilkTits first directed the solid,
  yellow    stream directly onto the waiting face. She gradually
  swirled it around so that piss went in her eyes, her nostrils, her mouth, her
  ears, and down onto her neck. She was sobbing at the degradation and choking
  at the invasion into her sinus cavities of the acrid stream. He now pressed
  the remote again and watched as the electricity in her collar took her to new
  levels of pain as the piss served as a mighty conductor for the current. Gratefully,
  she finally passed out.  
When she finally revived she saw both tormentors directly in front of her.
  She almost passed out again as she realized none of this had been a dream.
  He asked her if a Popsicle might relieve some of her anguish. She reluctantly
  nodded assent. He placed a frozen treat on a stick directly into her mouth.
  However, it had a strange appearance of various shades of white. The inside
  of it had stringy frozen portions that had varying textures of white substances.
  As the heat of her mouth began melting it, the taste was horrible. Also, it
  began to have a somewhat familiar ammonia smell that seeped up into her nostrils.
  Finally, some of the stringy parts were forming strange sensations on her tongue.
  He told her that he had a friend at a local fertility clinic. He had collected
  leftover specimens of sperm that had been subsequently placed in a Popsicle
  tray for freezing. He told her she was eating nigger sperm, honky sperm, spic
  sperm and all other nationalities of sperm mixed together.  
She began gagging and heaving but he warned her that if she didn't swallow
  it and keep it down her punishment would be beyond belief. She kept on sucking
  and swallowing the vile mixture and her eyes were filled with tears. She had
  always enjoyed swallowing a man's sperm as the ultimate sign of erotic acceptance
  but this was completely beyond any human enjoyment. The stringy portions especially
  went down hard as she felt the texture flow down her throat and into her stomach.
  He told her that he thought one a day would be a good average and he had plenty
  of miscellaneous sperm.  
BlackHole had been dragged to a table whose height came to her waist. Lying
  across the table was a one-inch thick board, about twelve inches wide. Nails
  had been driven through the bottom side of the board so that they protruded
  through the upper surface of the board. They probably protruded less than a
  quarter of an inch beyond the surface of the board but there were hundreds
  of them. She was forced to bend over flat on to the table with her hands outstretched.
  Pain ripped through her body as, first, her badly burned tummy was imbedded
  on the nails. Then, her upper body came in contact with the many pointed nails.
  Her black breast meat was punctured. Her large aureoles were pierced. Her tender
  nipples were stabbed. She screamed in agony.  
Her body was stretched as her wrists were secured to the far edge of the
  table. With the stretching, all of the nails that had punctured her body were
  pulled from her skin and relocated to new sources of pain in her torso. Then,
  MilkTits and he each took one of her legs and each lifted up a leg. Her long
  black legs were quite flexible and her tormentors were able to secure them
  to the edge of the table until they were perpendicular to her body. Her legs
  now formed a straight line from heel to heel and her asshole was easily visible
  and accessible.  
Next, MilkTits climbed on to the table, straddled the imprisoned body, and
  sat down firmly on the small of her back &ndash; facing her ass. With this
  additional weight, BlackHole was pressed even further on to the board of nails.
  She was trembling with pain and with fear in anticipation of something that
  she knew would be even worse. They had set up a video camera that was hooked
  to a television set. The set was directly in front of BlackHole's line of sight.
  The camera was zoomed in so that her waiting asshole filled the entire screen.
  She had never seen this view of her own ass and she was somewhat mesmerized.
  However, she also realized her predicament was particularly vulnerable.  
He stood in front of her and showed her a pack of butter. Then he moved around
  behind her, unwrapped a quarter pound stick and placed it at the entrance of
  her shit hole. Then, with the palm of his hand he rammed the stick directly
  into her ass hole. The bulk of it was sheared off at the rim hole and smeared
  all over the area around the hole. However, a small portion of it went directly
  into her ass. He took his finger and began reaming her ass hole. It gradually
  dilated to accommodate the movement of the intruder. He then took    another
  stick and rammed it into her shit tunnel. The bulk of it went directly inside.
  He took the third and fourth stick and pushed them into her bowels.  
It was a strange feeling to her. It was a full feeling but not a painful
  feeling. Her body temperature was already starting to melt the outer edges
  of all of the butter. He then told her that he and MilkTits were going to play
  a game of &quot;What Can Go Inside an Asshole?&quot;  
He took a &frac12; liter soft drink bottle and rammed it neck first into
  her ass. It slid in easily with all of the lubricant. However, BlackHole felt
  a lot of pressure as her ass stretched to receive the large plastic bottle.
  He removed it and handed it to MilkTits. She turned it around and stuck the
  large end in first. This hurt. It hurt even more as MilkTits slid it in so
  that just the neck was protruding. She then grabbed the neck firmly and began
  swishing the bottle around in the stretched hole. BlackHole yelped in pain
  and surprise.  
MilkTits finally removed it and BlackHole could see on the screen in front
  of her that a large flashlight(eight batteries) was being pressed against her
  ass. The butt end of the flashlight was not as large as the bottle but it was
  quite long. He slammed in the butt end of the light until just the head was
  sticking out of her ass. She could not believe the cramps that were overcoming
  her. It felt as though her bowels were being stretched and bent to an inhuman
  shape.  
As a joke he had turned on the light before inserting it. It was a strange
  sight on the television screen to see a beam of light coming from her ass.
  It was as though her butt had been transformed into a lighthouse. He ripped
  it from her ass, turned it around and shoved the head of the flashlight directly
  into her ass. She screamed with agony as the large foreign object was buried
  inside of her. The shining light had now become quite warm to the touch and
  her insides rebelled against the intrusion of heat that was taking place so
  deep in her guts.  
She was now screaming continuously and shuddering with pain and rage and
  fear. He ripped out the flashlight and her asshole slammed shut behind it.
  Butter was now seeping freely from her hole and running down into her thick
  bush. MilkTits now took her own hand and buried it in the greasy hole. With
  an amazing feat of strength she buried her hand and arm almost to her elbow.
  BlackHole was now screaming. MilkTits unclenched her fist deep in the inner
  recesses and began wiggling her fingers deep inside the shit chute. BlackHoles
  tendons were swelling and showing along every length of her beautiful black
  legs. She was crying and yelling. Snot was running from her nose into her mouth.  
Then, without warning he slammed his thick dick directly into her pussy.
  He was humping her as MilkTits was massaging the inside of her bowels. He could
  feel movement against his dick from the movement of MilkTits' hand. As they
  worked their body parts in her holes he managed to duck his head and clamp
  his sucking mouth on to MilkTits' left boob. Immediately, sweet milk was flowing
  into his mouth. His dick head began to swell and he knew he was going to come.
  He began coating the inside of her pussy with thick spasms of cum. As he came
  he bit and sucked on the nipple in his mouth.  
MilkTits screamed in pain and excitement. As he withdrew his tool, large
  hunks of cum were still hanging from the end of his dick. MilkTits somehow
  managed to keep her hand inside the black ass as she bent down and licked clean
  the end of his dick.  
She then took her other hand and managed to get her entire hand inside the
  sloppy, wide pussy. She was working her fingers in an aggressive manner and
  BlackHole was beside herself with agony. She was begging and pleading but her
  pleas were falling on deaf ears. MilkTits finally removed both hands and they
  were covered with shit, cum, pussy juice, and    blood.
  BlackHole's ass hole was also leaking fluids that ebbed their way down into
  her black bush and on to her thighs. MilkTits walked around to BlackHole's
  face and casually wiped the mess all over her face. In the meantime he had
  taken a lit lava lamp and buried it deep inside her ass hole. She now was stretched
  in an inhuman manner and the heat was building inside of her. Her ass hole
  was actually pulsating in response to everything going on. She was now whimpering
  but, mercifully, she lost consciousness.  
When she regained consciousness she discovered that she was hanging in midair,
  upside-down. A rope that went through a pulley attached to the ceiling secured
  her ankles tightly together. A wide leather belt was around her waist and her
  wrists were fastened tightly to rings on the side of the rope. She felt incredible
  pain in her pussy and ass. She did not know that while she was out, two huge
  dildos had    been placed in her two holes. Her face was
  on a level with his groin that was only about ten inches away.  
She smelled something incredibly vile. She tilted her head back and discovered
  a horrible sight below her face. A huge tub was beneath her. The tub was filled
  to the brim with a mixture of shit and piss. The odor was overwhelming and
  the sight was as disgusting as anything she had ever seen. She was having trouble
  concentrating on what was taking place around her. She dreaded the significance
  of the sewer tub that was beneath her. She knew nothing good would come of
  the swollen dick that was wagging in front of her eyes. But, the pain in her
  pussy and ass were overwhelming her senses.  
He began explaining the situation. She tried to concentrate but it was disturbingly
  difficult with all that was happening around her. He told her the rope and
  pulley were on a track that allowed him to move her around. In a moment she
  was going to give him a blow job. She would have five minutes to bring him
  to orgasm. If she failed, she would be pushed over the tub and her head would
  be lowered into the tub for five seconds. Then, she would be brought up, hosed
  off, and she would have another five minutes to bring him to orgasm with her
  mouth and tongue. If she failed, she would be dipped into the tub for ten seconds.
  Each time that she would fail would add five seconds to the dunking. She gasped
  and began screaming that she would do anything, she would eat his ass, she
  would be his toilet, she would give him more sex than he had ever had if he
  would reprieve her from this new punishment.  
He stepped over so his dick was rubbing against her nose. He pressed the
  button on a stopwatch and said, " Your first five minutes begins
  now."   
She knew by now that he was serious and capable of anything and everything.
  She immediately opened her mouth and let his dick slip in. She had a huge mouth
  but even it was barely large enough to capture his thick dick. She slurped
  it in and let him ram it completely up to the base. His gigantic balls were
  slapping against her forehead. His larger ball was actually wrapping around
  her head and slamming into the top of her skull. Her nose was buried in the
  musky folds of his sack. She was sucking as hard as she could and trying to
  work her skilled tongue around the shaft.  
She had always been proud of the head she was capable of giving and she could
  tell from experience that she wasn't even close to bringing him to orgasm.
  She was giving it her best shot but she was immensely distracted by the pain
  in her two nether holes and by the knowledge of what was in store for her when
  she failed.  
Suddenly he hollered, " Time!"   
He withdrew his dick with a &quot;pop&quot; from her thick lips. He and MilkTits
  began shoving her body over and above the waiting tub. She was screaming and
  begging but her pleas fell on deaf ears. MilkTits pushed a button and an electronic
  winch slowly lowered her into the tub of shit and piss. She was screaming as
  her hair first entered the mess. She was screaming as her forehead slipped
  below the surface. She was screaming as the shit covered her eyes and the bridge
  of her nose. She was gurgling as her nose and mouth slipped into the quagmire
  of human waste.  
It was only for five seconds but it seemed like five years. As she rose from
  the depths of the offal, shit and piss were running off of her head. Some had
  slipped into her nostrils and then into her sinus cavities. Some was in her
  ears. A stringy turd was caught on her nose and resting against her upper lip.
  She began vomiting. In her upside-down position that only served to accentuate
  the mess that enveloped her head.  
Suddenly MilkTits took a hose, set the nozzle on high-pressure stream and
  began washing the shitty goop from her face and head. The force of the spray
  swung her slowly back and forth like a giant pendulum. Shit and piss were splattered
  up onto her body and coated her back and tits that were hanging down toward
  the floor. When she was clean he pulled her back from above the tub until her
  face was once again rubbing against his groin.  
She did not even wait for him to holler, " Time!"   Her
  lips surrounded his dick and began eagerly sucking as her tongue manipulated
  his rod. He did manage to start the watch and he could feel his dick responding
  and starting to throb with ecstasy. However, five minutes were flying by and
  even though she knew he was aroused she could not bring him to climax.  
Once again he withdrew and began pushing her over the tub. She was bawling
  as her body was slowly lowered. It seemed that the slowness of her descent
  made it all the worse as she anticipated the crap that was going to surround
  her head. Time slowed down as ten seconds    gradually
  ticked off.  
Once again she came up sputtering and vomiting. Once again the high-pressure
  hose did its thing. As he pulled her face over to his crotch, she decided to
  follow another tactic. For two minutes she licked his balls vigorously. Prodding
  them. Poking them. Cajoling them. Making love to them with her large tongue.  
His dick was now completely perpendicular with this erotic tongue massage.
  The huge mushroom end was shiny as chrome and purple with joy. She shifted
  her mouth to his dick and simply took the end in her mouth. Her tongue stroked
  and investigated his piss slit. He felt electricity flowing from his dick to
  his brain. He was just on the verge of coming when the five minutes expired.  
BlackHole was distraught as she realized she almost had him. But, nonetheless,
  she was on the move again. This time her head was buried in shit and piss for
  fifteen seconds. She knew she couldn't do this for any additional time. After
  the usual cleaning and moving, she attacked his crotch with a vengeance. She
  was like a mad woman. Her tongue was everywhere -&ndash;his balls, his piss
  slit, the underside of his dick, his dick head, the folds of his sack. She
  was possessed.  
He could not resist it. She had just buried his dick in her mouth when he
  began to gush forth volumes of fresh, hot cum. She swallowed as fast as she
  could but some seeped out around the edges of this thick pole. Suddenly, MilkTits
  was beside her, eagerly licking the cum that was seeping out. As his flaccid
  dick finally was removed, MilkTits and BlackHole began frenching each other &ndash; swapping
  spit and cum.  
In the meantime he removed the dildos and buried his face in the black pussy
  that was so available in front of him. He attacked her clit with his lips and
  lapped the beautiful black crack that presented itself. BlackHole could not
  resist the intrusion and soon she was trembling and shaking with sexual pleasure.
  She came in mighty waves that sent pussy juice all over his mouth and face.
  Now MilkTits was standing up and licking the love juice from his face. Occasionally
  her tongue would slip into his mouth and he thought he could taste his own
  cum. It was not a bad thing.  
Weeks had gone by. BlackHole was now completely acclimated to her new role.
  She hated pain but she welcomed pain. She welcomed sex but she hated sex. Her
  life was now one of being humiliated, degraded, used, abused, hurt, pissed,
  and defecated upon. MilkTits was her mistress, he was her abuser. She ate what
  they put in front of her. It was never meant to be a human meal. She drank
  piss. Her asshole was now stretched like an accordion. Cum and pussy juice
  were the most delicious things allowed to pass through her lips. She had seen
  videos of her predecessors' treatment and knew that she could expect nothing
  better. When she went to sleep she hoped she would not wake up.  
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter VI   
LardAss Returns   
 (  or &ndash; is Ass better
        the second time around  ?)   
He was lying down, watching MilkTits and BlackHole eat each other. He was
  leisurely stroking his thick dick and he was bored. MilkTits was incredibly
  beautiful and her tit milk was delicious. However, she simply didn't have the
  creativity and inspiration to be a good administrator of pain. She was used
  to manipulating men, not having a man manipulate her. BlackHole was also quite
  sexual and a good recipient of torture. However, the truth be told, he was
  a racist. It simply didn't seem very productive to degrade someone whom he
  already thought of as being degraded by virtue of her non-White status. Unbeknownst
  to the two females he had taken steps to relieve his boredom.  
He had to admit it, LardAss had been his sole mate. She had enjoyed giving
  and receiving pain. And, best of all, she had enjoyed anything  sexual.
  He had come to realize that he had made a mistake when he sold her. In a stroke
  of destiny, his slave broker had told him that LardAss' new owner, a South
  American, was totally unhappy with her. She was too fat, her tits were too
  small, her ass was too big, and &ndash; worst of all &ndash; she enjoyed pain
  too much. Furthermore, no matter what they did to her in the nature of sexual
  depravity, she enjoyed it! The broker now wanted him to take her back. He had
  made a deal to swap MilkTits and BlackHole for her along with an    incredibly
  large sum of cash. The broker was happy. The South American was happy. And,
  he was happy to get his original property back.  
As the two bitches both came to a simultaneous orgasm, the door opened and
  they were shocked at what entered the room. It was LardAss! She was naked.
  She turned around in a spin that was worthy of a high-class model at the end
  of a runway. If anything, she was even heavier than when she had been taken
  away in a livestock trailer. Her ass sagged more. It seemed to have even more
  pockets of cellulite and it was big. Her thighs were even thicker than before
  as they led up to love handles that seemed to protrude more than he remembered.
  Her tits had increased a bit in size due to the extra weight but this was offset
  by the amount of sag that had taken over them. A thin down of growth was trying
  to cover her pussy where at one time there had been a thick mass of disheveled
  pubic hair.  
She smiled and it could be readily seen that her front teeth &ndash; top
  and bottom &ndash; were missing. It must have been part of her punishment with
  her former owner. She ran over to her original owner, threw her arms around
  his neck and planted her full lips directly onto his mouth. Immediately her
  tongue was invading his mouth and swirling around. Instinctively, he responded
  by wrapping his arms around her and sucking eagerly on her tongue. He liked
  the feel of her familiar tits on his chest. He liked the way she ground her
  fat pussy into his erect dick. Her heavy thighs felt good against his thighs.
  He had slipped his hands down to her big ass and was playfully jiggling the
  two huge globes of fat and muscle.  
Then, he regained his composure. While still in her embrace, he drew back
  his right fist and plunged a savage blow directly into the pit of her stomach.
  She fell like a log. His blow had momentarily paralyzed her diaphragm and her
  mouth was trying to suck in air but without success. As the pain rolled over
  her body and as she felt as though she was dying from lack of oxygen, she smiled
  slyly. She was home!  
He moved between her legs and directed a vicious kick completely into the
  middle of her pussy. She gasped but could make no sound because she still was
  not taking in enough air. Her smile grew broader. Gradually her diaphragm relaxed
  and she was able to suck in air.  
She said with total sincerity, " Thank you Master."   
MilkTits and BlackHole looked at each other with amazement and wondered what
  the hell was going on? Then, the door opened again and in walked the largest
  man they had ever seen. He was seven feet tall, swarthy, and firmly muscled.
  He was carrying two sacks that looked like mail sacks except they were almost
  six and a half feet long. Before they could respond, he walked over to BlackHole
  and slammed one of the bags completely over her head and pulled it down to
  her feet. He gave it a yank, she was upended and he closed the bag and locked
  it with her completely inside. MilkTits began screaming but he ignored her
  sounds and repeated the procedure with her.  
He then picked up the rope on each bag, threw them over his shoulder and
  left the room. The bitches in the bag were struggling furiously but this was
  inconsequential to the giant who was carrying them. As he exited, the Arab
  slave broker came in and sealed the transaction with a huge stack of hundred
  dollar bills, American.  
After the broker left, the man looked down at LardAss and said, " Welcome
      home!"   
He then told her to get on her hands and knees. He also got down on his knees
  and used his hands to pull apart the huge globes of her ass.  
He said , "For this once &ndash; I will do something good for you &ndash; to
      welcome you home."   
At that he buried his face in the crack of her ass and plunged his tongue
  into her ass hole. It was strange for both of them. He had had many tongues
  up his ass but he had never had his tongue in anyone else's ass. Similarly,
  she had placed her tongue in many asses but she had never had a man's tongue
  in her ass. It was a new experience for both of them. While his face was buried
  he released the hold he had used to separate her gigantic cheeks. They slammed
  together on to his face and molded themselves to the contours of his face.
  He felt as though he was buried in a sea of female ass.  
He was intrigued by the taste that was coating his probing tongue. It was
  interesting to taste and smell shit and sweat together for the first time.
  He actually thought the old smell of the sweat was worse than the odor of the
  old shit. As he was swabbing her shit tunnel with this tongue he moved his
  hand up and began manipulating her clit with his thumb.  
She reacted immediately. He began humping her groin to the rhythm of his
  tongue and thumb. Together, they were quite a sight. His head and her ass undulated
  together in a strange flow that looked like co-joined twins forced to move
  together. Suddenly, orgasms began flooding over her. Her pussy was spouting
  juice directly into the palm of his erotic hand. Her hips had now lost their
  natural rhythm she had during the initial stages and her ass was rocking in
  a herky-jerky manner &ndash; forcing his imbedded face to move with it.  
He finally withdrew with a large &quot;pop&quot;. She spun around and took
  his thick, erect dick into her mouth. His thick dick had an interesting fit
  through the gaps in her teeth. He could feel her gums on the top and bottom
  of his dick. He could feel the edges of her remaining teeth on the sides of
  his dick. He came quickly and cum was splattering all over the inside of her
  mouth.  
When he withdrew she smiled. His pools of cum could be seen through the gap,
  resting on top of her tongue. She swallowed greedily and it was gone. They
  did know how to push each other's buttons. It was a satisfying homecoming.  
When they finished with their first encounter he walked over to a chair and
  sat down to watch her. She knew she was on trial and she knew she never wanted
  to leave again. She walked over to the table and took a cigarette from a pack
  on the table. She lit it and inhaled deeply. Soon the cigarette was a glowing
  cherry red.  
A long time ago her tits had been branded with the letters ' LA  '.
  The brand had straddled her nipple and burned its message on her tit meat and
  her areola. She took her left tit in her left hand and held it up so she could
  look at the brand. She then took the glowing cigarette and branded a dot after
  the letter ' L  '. The skin
  burned with a sickening odor and smoke wafted up from it. She never flinched.
  She took another drag on the cigarette and branded a dot after the letter ' A  '.
  Again, she never flinched. Now the room was filled with the scent of burning
  flesh. The two dots on her tit were an angry red as a huge blister began forming.
  She repeated the ordeal with her other tit. The same initials were also branded
  on both of her huge ass cheeks. She walked over to him, handed him the cigarette,
  turned around, and stuck out her wide ass. She asked him if he would help her?
  He took a drag and imbedded the lit end on her left cheek after the letter
  ' L  '. He held it here for
  a long time and pushed as hard as he could without destroying the cigarette.
  She moaned in a low murmur but never moved. He repeated the process three times.
  Now, each brand showed ' L.A.  '
  instead of ' LA  '. It was
  a nice touch.  
The New Delivery   
   
He had always wondered how it would be to impose his pleasures on a mother
  and daughter. He was finally going to be able to find out. They had been delivered,
  naked, handcuffed together with the mother's left wrist secured to her daughter's
  right wrist. They were fastened to the wall with their legs spread and their
  arms each stretched outward perpendicular from their bodies. Their wrists were
  still shackled together. Their ankles were fastened to the wall. Their wrists
  were secured to the wall. A special collar had been placed around each of their
  necks. A leather band secured their bodies to the walls as it wrapped around
  each of their waists.  
They were gradually regaining consciousness. The mother was thirty-six years
  old and in superb condition. She was about five foot four, fairly good boobs(perky
  B cups), great legs, with a large mass of pubic hair that matched the color
  of the hair on her head. Her tummy had only a slight bulge to it. She really
  looked to be in her late twenties.  
Her daughter was sixteen with all of the attributes that only a teenager
  could have. She also was five foot four with large boobs(C cups) that saluted
  the flag. There was a wonderful flat stomach that led to a small match of beautiful
  golden pubic hair. Each pussy betrayed a marvelous swollen mound that promised
  extreme pleasures.  
He and LardAss stood in front of them, naked of course, admiring their latest
  prizes. The mother became conscious first. She could not believe what she saw.
  Standing before her was an unattractive, overweight, naked lady with her arm
  around the waist of a completely naked man. His dick was thicker than she would
  have thought possible. His balls were huge! His pubic hair was massive, black,
  and thick.  
As she tried to move she discovered her bindings. The room was filled with
  strange paraphernalia and the walls were all mirrors. She saw two things that
  made her scream in horror. She saw that she was naked and she    saw
  that her daughter was secured beside her and was also naked. She began begging
  instantly only to have the fat bitch come forward and slap duct tape over her
  mouth. She tried to wiggle and squirm but with no results.  
In the meantime her daughter was also regaining her senses. She too screamed
  as she took in everything that her mother had just discerned. Oddly enough,
  neither of them had ever seen the other completely nude. The both wished this
  were still true. Also, the daughter had never seen a naked man in person. She
  had seen pictures and even porno movies but none of these conveyed the full
  impact of the real thing. Also, with no experience, she wondered if all dicks
  were this thick with such a huge purplish mushroom head?  
"My God,"  she thought, " How do people have
      sex with a monstrous pole like that?"  She began crying and
      sobbing, " Mama, mama, mama . . ."   
His dick was twitching as it attained an even greater erection and his lower
  hanging ball was being lifted and lowered by the expanding and contracting
  skin of his ugly sack as the nerve endings received messages of eroticism from
  his brain. LardAss knelt before him and held his dick about two inches in front
  of her mouth. She smiled and the gaps in her front teeth were easily seen.
  Then, something happened that neither captive would have thought possible.
  He began pissing. His piss was being directed directly into the gap between
  her teeth. They were appalled.  
Neither woman had ever seen a man piss. They certainly had never seen anyone
  take piss in the mouth. They could tell from the bobbing actions of LardAss'
  throat that she was actually swallowing much of the yellow stream. The excess
  was running out of the gap, down her chin, onto her sagging tits and then into
  the thin bush that was trying to grow over her pussy. Both women were gagging
  and trying to keep their bile down as it rose in their gullet. As he finished,
  LardAss began squeezing and milking his dick to receive the last few drops
  he had available. She swallowed it gladly.  
He looked at the two captives and said, " This is what happens
      to someone I actually care about. I don't give a rat's ass  about
      either of you. Can you image what's in store for you?"   
   
They could imagine &ndash; they thought. They both began to weep openly.  
He looked at mama and said, " From this day hence, your name is  ' MotherFuck'".   
He looked at the young pussy and said, " From this day hence, your
      name is 'YoungFuck'.  If you ever fail to respond
      to your new names, you will be severely punished."   
Their eyes grew wide and their minds reeled as they took in all of these
  new experiences.  
He walked over to YoungFuck and knelt before her nakedness. He placed his
  hands around her right ankle and began gradually moving them upward, massaging
  her young firm muscles as his hands crept upwards. He thought there is nothing
  like the touch of a teenage piece of ass. His hands slowed as they enveloped
  her thighs and his mind began focusing on what was above the thighs.  
The mother could see all of this in the mirrors and she was trying to say
  words through the tape on her mouth. LardAss suddenly grabbed a corner of the
  tape and ripped it off.  
MotherFuck began screaming, " Don't do it to her &ndash; do it
      to  me &ndash; let her go &ndash; you can have me
      for anything!"   
He laughed and said, " MotherFuck, I already have you  for
      anything. You have no bargaining chips."   
In the meantime, YoungFuck was reacting to the touches on her thigh. She
  was a rookie in the sex business and she did not know how to react emotionally
  when her brain started sending out sexual messages. His hands were now at the
  top of her thigh, just brushing the pubic hair that graced the juncture of
  her thigh and groin. Her pussy lips were beginning to throb and she could sense
  moisture forming in her vagina. All at once his index finger unfolded and he
  rammed it directly into her pussy, clear to the base of his finger.  
She started in surprise at the invasion as he felt the moisture in her love
  box. He then took his thumb and began stroking her clit. As she felt herself
  building to orgasm, LardAss surprised her with a brutal attack. LardAss had
  taken a clear plastic dry-cleaning bag and wrapped it completely around her
  face and head. All at once the young pussy was suffocating even as she felt
  an orgasm building. She squirmed but her bindings and LardAss were too powerful
  for her.  
She heard him yell that he wanted her to come twice before she would be allowed
  to breathe again. Even as he shouted this, an orgasm was ravaging her body
  and another was on the way. Her mother was also screaming as all of these things
  unfolded before her eyes. He was laughing.    LardAss
  was laughing. It was an insane asylum. She couldn't breathe at all and her
  lungs were running out of oxygen.  
An orgasm was building but stars were swimming before her eyes and she wasn't
  able to think rationally anymore. She was too far gone to even fake an orgasm
  but, fortunately, she didn't have to. An orgasm, greater than she would have
  thought possible, was racking her body and young pussy juice was gushing around
  the perimeter of his invading finger. LardAss immediately removed the plastic
  and YoungFuck's mouth began sucking in air as she coughed and spit in response
  to the starvation that had just been imposed on her lungs. MotherFuck was sobbing
  in huge bursts as snot ran out of her mouth and drool ran from her lips.  
They had removed YoungFuck from her wall bindings and laid her spread-eagled
  on the floor, pussy side up. Her wrists and ankles were secured to rings on
  the floor. She was a delectable sight! Her mother was sobbing as she saw her
  daughter so vulnerable and exposed. LardAss punched the remote she always kept
  with her and surges of electricity shot through the collar that was around
  YoungFuck's neck. Her body stiffened and quivered as her muscles went into
  spasms from the lightning bolt that was coursing through her body.  
Her mother was beside herself with anguish as she begged them to stop the
  punishment. Then, to her chagrin, LardAss brought out a harness and device
  that sent fear through her brain. It was a strap-on dildo and the dildo was
  at least ten inches long and horribly thick in diameter. LardAss began strapping
  it on to MotherFuck. Because she was still bound to the wall, LardAss had a
  bit of difficulty reaching behind her back and closing the clasp.  
The strap-on was especially designed so that a tab extended from the bottom
  and pressed directly on to the wearer's clit. The man was now standing between
  YoungFuck's legs, his dick fully erect and ready for action. MotherFuck had
  a clear view of his tool and her daughter. He told her that she now had a choice.
  Either she, or him, was going to fuck YoungFuck. It made no difference to him
  who did it but it was definitely going to happen. Who did she choose as her
  daughter's fucker?  
MotherFuck began begging and pleading for them not to follow through with
  this horrible scenario. He simply smiled. He told her she had five seconds
  to decide.  
MotherFuck finally said, " God help me, I will do it."   
LardAss again pushed her remote and electricity once again slammed through
  the sixteen-year-old body. LardAss told the mother that if she rebelled or
  betrayed them in any way, the button on the remote would be taped down and
  electricity would be delivered until the batteries went dead. MotherFuck said
  she understood. They released MotherFuck and she walked over to her daughter's
  prone body.  
She said, " Please forgive me honey &ndash; I'm only doing this
      because I love you."   
They smeared KY lubricant over the permanently erect plastic penis and MotherFuck
  reluctantly got down on her knees to prepare for entry.  
He then told them both, " Keep your eyes open and always look at
      each other  throughout this ordeal. If you don't there
      will be severe punishment!"   
YoungFuck thought he must be a mind reader because she had, in fact, planned
  to keep her eyes shut through the ordeal. She looked at her mother and sorrow
  was evident in both sets of their eyes. The plastic dick was now poised at
  the entrance to the young pussy when suddenly LardAss put her foot directly
  in the crack of MotherFuck's fine ass and pushed forward with all her might.
  The dildo was immediately buried to the hilt in the young pussy. YoungFuck
  screamed with pain, shock, and surprise.  
MotherFuck whispered softly, " I'm sorry."   
He told her to begin fucking. She began a slow humping action trying to be
  as gentle as possible. But, there was no gentleness associated with the hard
  plastic tool. To her dismay, MotherFuck began feeling the rubbing of the dildo's
  tab on her own clit. She didn't want it to happen but it was arousing her.  
Likewise, although YoungFuck was completely dismayed at the circumstance,
  her pussy was reacting to the hard invader. Juice was flowing. Soon, MotherFuck
  was picking up the pace and her hips were a blur of motion as she continued
  to fuck her own daughter harder and harder. Her ass cheeks were clenching with
  each thrust, trying to deliver more power. YoungFuck was throwing her pussy
  up at her mother's thrusts as much as    her ankle bindings
  would permit.  
LardAss saw this and quickly unfastened the bindings that held the young
  girl's ankles secure. YoungFuck reacted by throwing her beautiful legs around
  the back of her    mother's thighs. YoungFuck was now
  digging her heels into her mother's ass, trying to pull the center of the sexual
  action even deeper into her own pussy. They were both screaming in ecstasy
  and they were both centered on the immense sexual gratification they were receiving.  
All at once, they peaked together and the room was filled with the sounds
  that only mutual orgasms could achieve. Pussy juice was seeping around the
  dildo in YoungFuck's hole. Pussy juice was flowing readily from MotherFuck's
  aroused vagina. MotherFuck collapsed completely on to her daughter's beautiful
  body. In an odd coincidence, their nipples were lined up exactly with one another
  and their tits were flattening each other's tits in a marvelous display of
  mammaries.  
Both of them were whispering the same thing in each other's ears, " I'm  so
      sorry &ndash; I'm so sorry &ndash; I'm so sorry!"   
Unbeknownst to both of them, LardAss had come up between their legs so that
  she was directly above MotherFuck's ass. LardAss had on a long leather glove
  on her right hand. In this protected hand she was holding a half dozen thorn-laded
  stems from a rose bush. In a giant swish she brought it down on the ass that
  was before her in such an inviting position.  
MotherFuck let out a blood-curdling scream directly into the ear of her daughter
  who was beneath her. It scared the hell out of YoungFuck and she reciprocated
  by also letting out a giant scream. Before the screams had finished echoing
  off the walls, LardAss was swinging the stinging stems back and forth across
  the quivering ass. He had moved up behind her and was using both hands to pin
  down the feet of MotherFuck. She could move, quiver, and shake but she couldn't
  escape the infliction that was being driven across her tender ass cheeks. Blood
  was flowing, and some thorns were being ripped from the stems to imbed themselves
  in the beautiful cheeks.  
After fifteen minutes LardAss was sweaty and exhausted and the rose stems
  were reduced to frayed stalks that had worn themselves out on MotherFuck's
  behind. Both captives were bawling &ndash; one from pain and one from fear.
  LardAss moved away and he stepped up to take her place. LardAss reached over
  and took hold of his thick dick. He let loose with a satisfying yellow stream
  of piss that LardAss directed into all the scars and scratches that lay beneath.
  The uric acid mixed with the blood and inflicted even greater pain on the writhing
  creature beneath.  
MotherFuck didn't realize that the strap-on was still impaling her daughter
  and her exaggerated motions were doing strange things to her daughter. Her
  daughter was aroused in spite of the yelling and she was mounting another pinnacle
  of orgasm! He finally finished pissing and LardAss shook the end of his dick
  to let the last few drops come out and descend directly into the crack of MotherFuck's
  ass. It was a good day!  
He and LardAss secured them in a new position. MotherFuck was secured to
  a slightly raised table, on her back. Her legs were spread wider than was comfortable
  and secured to the table. The rest of her body was secured in such a manner
  as to be immobile. Her body was oriented so that her fantastic pussy was right
  at the edge of the table. Then, YoungFuck was forced to lie on top of her so
  that their tits, belly and pussy were exactly in line. YoungFuck's legs were
  also spread extremely wide. The table height placed the two pussys exactly
  at the height of his groin.  
He and LardAss stepped back and admired their handiwork. It was a marvelous
  sight! The two pussy bushes met and intertwined in a grand landscape of erotic
  vegetation. It was obvious that the two masses of pubic hair were from the
  same gene pool. It was impossible to tell where one began and the other left
  off. The pussy lips were spread and they, too, were similar in shape, texture,
  and overall appearance. MotherFuck's pussy, however, had obviously been more
  used because it tended to gap open much wider than her daughter's lips did.
  They were both sobbing and telling each other they were sorry for what was
  happening to the other one.  
He suddenly shocked them both simultaneously through their collars and they
  screamed in agony together. He told them to begin French kissing and to make
  it good! Reluctantly they both opened their mouths together and extended their
  tongues into each other's oral cavity. He told them to work their tongues and
  to swap spit. Faced with the alternative, they began swabbing each other's
  mouth with large sucking and slurping noises. They must have been swapping
  spit because some of it was running out of the edges of each of their lips.    As
  they were doing this, he moved up to them and with one giant lunge buried his
  thick dick in to YoungFuck's sixteen-year-old pussy. She tried to scream but
  could only let out glugging sounds with her mother's tongue in her mouth.  
He didn't move, he just let it rest buried in the young cunt. In the meantime,
  LardAss moved up behind him and began fondling his balls. She took the lower
  hanging one and began rubbing it on the lips of MotherFuck's pussy that was
  directly in line with it. As she did, MotherFuck's pussy was becoming quite
  moist &ndash; either from this rubbing action or from the action of YoungFuck's
  tongue in her mouth. With a gentle push, LardAss buried the great ball directly
  into MotherFuck's pussy. It was an erotic sight to see his thick dick immersed
  in one pussy and his one nut buried in another pussy.  
He was groaning from the feelings that were exciting his private parts. LardAss
  asked him to spread his ass. He did and she immediately buried her tongue in
  his waiting ass hole. Then, using one hand to keep one ball still buried in
  the pussy, she took the other hand and continued to fondle the nut that didn't
  hang so low. He was overwhelmed with a flurry of concurrent feelings. His dick
  began to throb, he could feel the orgasm building and with a mighty rush he
  began splashing his cum directly into the depths of YoungFuck's pussy.  
YoungFuck was also becoming caught up in the emotions of the event. All at
  once, even with no actual stroking, she was caught up in a giant orgasm that
  was splashing pussy juice into his cum and around his dick, and even past his
  tight dick on to his balls. Somehow the action that was taking place was also
  capturing MotherFuck's nerve centers. She, too, began experiencing an orgasm
  and pussy juice was coating the ball that was buried in her cunt. As he withdrew,
  his entire groin was coated with a mixture of cum, mother pussy juice, and
  daughter pussy juice.  
LardAss could smell it from her vantage point behind him. She grabbed his
  hips and spun him around. Faced with this great sex slurpee she did what she
  was exceedingly good at. She began slurping, sucking, and licking the entire
  surface of his balls and dicks. When she had finished, there was not a drop
  of love juice to be seen. It was all inside of her. Mother and daughter were
  sobbing at the shame they had both just endured.  
They could no longer say , " I'm sorry."   It had been
  said so many times that it no longer had meaning.  
MotherFuck was secured to the floor, lying on her back. She could not move.
  Suspended above her was her daughter &ndash; now called YoungFuck. She was
  hanging by cables attached to the bindings on her wrist. Cables were attached
  to her ankles, pulling her legs up until they were parallel to the floor. Her
  ass was only about twelve inches directly above her mother's face. LardAss
  held two bottles of Fleet enema in her hands. YoungFuck was about to be in
  for a surprise because she had never had an enema and had no idea what it felt
  like. LardAss explained the concept to her and she was appalled. She began
  begging, only to receive a shock to her collar and an order to shut up. MotherFuck
  somehow sensed what was going to happen even though she could not imagine that
  anyone could devise such a depraved scheme.  
LardAss put the nozzle of the enema bottle carefully against the sixteen-year-old's
  asshole. YoungFuck flinched but could do nothing else. With a vicious upward
  thrust, LardAss rammed the nozzle and impaled it in the young ass. Then, with
  solid squeezes of the plastic bottle, she forced the entire contents into the
  girl's bowels. Somehow, with a clean experienced motion, she withdrew it and
  rammed in another bottle before any could seep out. She repeated the motion
  and now two full bottles of liquid were sloshing in the guts of the screaming
  young victim.  
LardAss told her she was going to remove it and the daughter better try with
  all her might to hold it. Then, she quickly withdrew. A small amount of brown
  liquid dripped out of the suspended ass directly onto the face of her mother.
  Both of them were sobbing openly. YoungFuck tried with all her might to clench
  her ass and hold in the vicious liquid. She actually managed to hold it for
  almost twelve minutes. When she did release, she released quickly. Hot, brown,
  liquid shit cascaded from her young ass directly onto the face of her mother.
  Her mother's face was no longer recognizable for all of the waste material
  that coated her head.  
She was now vomiting and the bile simply served to accentuate the awful mess
  that was everywhere above her shoulders. YoungFuck was wailing as she saw in
  the    mirror what had taken place. He then began taking
  part as he pushed a button and a winch began slowly lowering YoungFuck's body.
  With a sickening splat her ass dropped directly onto the shit-filled face.
  She still had not finished evacuating her bowels and short, crisp, shit-laded
  farts were escaping from her nether hole. A gurgling sound could be heard from
  her mother below. LardAss grabbed the hips of the young girl and slowly swished
  her ass around on the captured face. The shit was ground even deeper into her
  pores, her nostrils, her eyes, and her mouth. They both passed out from the
  shock of depravity.  
LardAss had hosed them down and the muck was finally washed from them. They
  were standing before him as he sat on something that resembled a throne. Actually,
  it was a shoe shine chair he had found at an antique store. The chair sat on
  a platform that was about twelve inches high. Then, this platform sat on another
  platform &ndash; also about twelve inches high. The platforms created a ledge
  that went all around the chair. In front of the chair were two foot supports
  where men used to plant their feet for a shoeshine. He was sitting in the chair
  with his ass pitched forward so that his dick and balls hung over the edge.
  His feet were on the supports, causing his legs to be open for a good view
  of his package. The arms of the chair had been removed for easy access to his
  sexual equipment.  
MotherFuck and YoungFuck stood before him with their heads bowed. He directed
  them to raise their heads and look at his tool. When they hesitated, LardAss,
  who was behind them, used each hand to grab a wad of the hair on the backs
  of their heads and yanked their heads up. Their eyes were full of sorrow and
  fear. He asked them if they would like to go through another &quot;shit&quot; treatment.  
They both quickly shook their heads " no".   
He told them they had twenty minutes to make him come or the treatment would
  begin again. They stood there with a look of puzzlement on their faces &ndash; as
  though they hadn't digested the full import of his words. He told them they
  were already forty-five seconds into their twenty minutes. He suggested it
  was up to them how they used the twenty minutes &ndash; they could stand there
  and wait, or, they could get busy. To MotherFuck's chagrin, her daughter leaped
  on to the chair, quickly straddled him and began planting deep, soul kisses
  on his mouth. His dick reacted immediately and was instantly at attention.
  YoungFuck had felt this on her ass that was directly above his package. She
  immediately reached down, grabbed his dick, and guided it to her pussy. Her
  pussy was still dry but she didn't care. She plunged her body downward and
  impaled herself on the erect pole. He gasped at the quickness she displayed
  with his prick.  
Then, the young girl turned and looked back at her mother as she said, " For
      God sakes, help me, I don't want to shit on your  face
      again!"   
MotherFuck snapped out of her daze and leaped to the chair. She was quickly
  down on her knees with her face beneath her daughter's lovely ass. MotherFuck
  bent forward, buried her tongue in his musty sack and began licking his balls
  with a vengeance. His dick was throbbing as the young pussy worked it relentlessly.
  He was whispering in YoungFuck's ear as her tits were shaking erotically in
  front of his face. He told her he was quite good at controlling his own orgasms
  and he was going to use all of his abilities to hold it back.  
At this warning, YoungFuck picked up the pace and her body was a machine
  as her tight pussy moved up and down on his throbbing dick. Her ass was crashing
  into her mother's face as MotherFuck licked his balls with a fury. She reached
  up, grasped his balls, lifted them up, and began    licking
  the underside of his sack. Tingles were leaping from his groin to his brain.
  But, still, he held back the orgasm. He glimpsed at his watch and told them
  both that they only had six minutes left.  
In the meantime, YoungFuck had begun having multiple orgasms. Love juice
  was leaping from her pussy, around the edges of his thick dick, and cascading
  over his balls and her mother's face. MotherFuck was oblivious to the sex scent
  and continued working without any break in rhythm. She discovered that his
  hips were pitched forward enough so that his asshole was accessible. She moved
  down and began lapping at the edges of his shit hole. She ignored the horrible
  taste &ndash; she had already tasted loads of it &ndash; and drove her tongue
  as far as she could into his bowels. The feel of her slippery, striving tongue
  was giving him marvelous sensations.  
He said between gasps for oxygen, " I love the feel of a tongue
      in my ass in the  morning!"   
Neither working woman heard his words. They were too intent on bringing him
  to climax. Nineteen minutes had elapsed and he was losing control. His hips
  were bucking up and down but    MotherFuck was able to
  anticipate and move with him. Her tongue never left his asshole. YoungFuck
  was responding to his motions in such a way that her bucking actually complimented
  his. Her sixteen-year-old tits were bobbing and slapping him in the face. Her
  nipples were firmly erect and grazing his eyes and cheeks.  
YoungFuck was screaming, " Fuck me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck
      me!!!",  as spittle flew from her mouth and onto his face.  
LardAss could not stand being omitted from the action and she had somehow
  squeezed her face in beside MotherFuck's face. LardAss was now licking his
  balls as she stroked the backside of them. No man could have resisted all of
  this sexual attention. He began coming &ndash; and coming &ndash; and coming &ndash; and
  coming. His dick was sending out torrential gushes of cream into the young
  pussy. It was hot. It was slippery. It was bountiful.  
As YoungFuck raised up off his marvelous dick, loads of milky cream leaked
  from her hole directly on to his dick. LardAss immediately moved up and licked
  it clean. YoungFuck was now straddling him, with her pussy inches above his
  dick and her tits inches above his face. There was a sly smile on her face.
  MotherFuck was so driven not to be shit upon by her own daughter that she was
  completely oblivious to what was taking place around her. She was still driving
  her tongue in and out of his ass hole. Tears were flowing down her face and
  she was somehow moaning at the same time she was working her tongue.  
LardAss stepped back &ndash; looked at her &ndash; and drove her foot directly
  into MotherFoot's ass. As she was driven away from him she sobbed openly with
  a look of utter fear on her face.  
She tried to leap back as she said, " He's got to come, he's got
      to come, he's got to come!"   
YoungFuck leaped between her and his chair and tried to calm down her mother.
  She spoke soothingly as she hugged her and stroked her head. He and LardAss
  looked with deep satisfaction at the tableau spread before them. It was gratifying
  to see two such beautiful bodies, united by genetics, consoling each other.  
The picture of serenity was too much for LardAss. She picked up a pool cue,
  grabbed it like a base ball bat, took a Mickey Mantle-type swing and slashed
  it into MotherFuck's ass cheeks. MotherFuck was caught off guard and let out
  a tortured scream. She backed away as LardAss took another swing and caught
  YoungFuck directly across the tits. She, too, screamed and backed away. Then,
  a foot pursuit began. Mother and daughter were running around the perimeter
  of the room with LardAss in hot pursuit, swinging as she ran. The two victims
  were shocked that LardAss &ndash; so heavy and out of shape &ndash; could move
  as quickly and agilely as she did. Even though they were running quite rapidly,
  she was on their tails, alternating swings to whomp them on the ass.  
As their jiggling cheeks quickly turned red from the blows, LardAss changed
  her hold on the stick and began jabbing them in the crack of each of their
  asses. This served to move them more quickly but they still could not escape
  the repeated pokes. Female parts were bouncing everywhere as they ran. He stood
  in the room and turned with them as they ran around the room. The sight was
  giving him another erection and he casually stroked his dick.  
All at once, MotherFuck stumbled and fell face forward on to the floor. LardAss
  stopped, pushed the cue into her ass until it was buried several inches in
  her asshole. The butt of the cue swayed above her as her body shook with pain
  and frustration. YoungFuck moved back and was going to pull the object from
  her mother's ass. At that, LardAss hauled off and swung a haymaker directly
  on to the young girl's jaw. She fell like a slaughtered ox. LardAss then grabbed
  the butt of the swaying cue and idly rotated the end to swish the point of
  the cue around in the pinned ass.  
MotherFuck was sobbing violently. YoungFuck was beside herself with pain,
  grief, shame, and fear. Then, LardAss took a small flag and tied it to the
  top of the cue that extended from MotherFuck's ass. She then directed YoungFuck
  to put one foot on her mother's ass while holding the makeshift flag with her
  other hand. They took numerous digital pictures, printed them on large paper
  and decorated the room with them. The picture seemed to portray a conquest
  similar to a climber claiming the top of a mountain. It was a sight.  
They finally removed the cue from MotherFuck's ass and commanded her to stand
  up. She did so but her shoulders and head were drooped in complete surrender
  to her fate. Her will was all but gone. He shoved her into the shower and then
  he climbed up to the built-in seat in the shower. LardAss pulled YoungFuck
  over to them and told her to take hold of the massive dick and point it to
  her mother. Somehow, she did realize the meaning of the words.    She
  reluctantly held up his dick and pointed the piss slit toward her mother.  
LardAss said, " If for any reason  you point
      it away from your mother you will be   severely   punished."   
YoungFuck nodded her head in acceptance. At that, he let loose with a solid,
  satisfying yellow stream. It struck MotherFuck squarely between her tits. Even
  though she yelped, YoungFuck kept the stream on her. LardAss directed her to
  move it upward toward her mother's face. She did. The face was coated with
  piss. Then, LardAss directed her to hit each tit and her mother's bush. She
  did. Her nipples were erect from the strange touches of liquid they were feeling.
  Her beautiful bush became saturated with piss.  
When he finally finished, MotherFuck was drenched. Piss was dripping from
  her eyebrows, her ears, her lips, her chin, her tits, and from many strands
  of pussy hair. YoungFuck was told to clean the piss from her mother.  
When she asked how, they both stuck out their tongues and said, " Start
      licking you young fucking bitch!"   
She didn't even hesitate. She stepped in and began licking her mother from
  face to toe. In the meantime he was still standing on the seat. He took his
  dick and shook it thoroughly to plant more piss drops on to the back of YoungFuck
  who was crowded between him and MotherFuck. He and LardAss left the room and
  proceeded to watch their two captives through the one-way mirror. Mother and
  daughter were sitting on the table, holding each other. He put on a tape for
  the stereo system that was piped into the two captive's room. The tape was
  nothing but the sounds of people fucking. There were groans, moans, shouts,
  sloshing, gurgling sounds that were even more disgusting than seeing the actual
  event. He had turned up the sound to an incredible level and he watched them
  try to shut it out by putting their hands over their ears. It was to no avail.
  For the next twenty-four hours they were serenaded with the sounds of sex.  
When he and LardAss finally returned the two captives were defeated. All
  of their body language(even though naked) signified that they had given up.
  There was no spirit left in them. They were now ready to accept any kind of
  pain, punishment, and fucking that would be administered to them. He was soon
  going to show them exactly what pain, punishment, and fucking could include.  
He and LardAss made them stand face to face and then they pushed them together
  so that tits matched tits, tummies matched tummies, cunt matched cunt, and
  lips met lips. They did not resist. They were then bound in this position with
  ropes around their mid-section, just under their arms, around their necks,
  and around the backs of their knees. It was a beautiful sight of lovely women
  brought together and trussed and ready for anything. Then their ankles were
  secured to the floor. Their arms were brought overhead, secured together at
  the wrists and then secured to a rope that went upward through a pulley. They
  were stretched quite tightly.  
He told them to put their tongues in each other's mouth. They did so without
  hesitation. Then, he and LardAss picked up leather quirts that had been soaked
  in water. He stood behind YoungFuck, LardAss stood behind MotherFuck. At the
  count of three they slammed the quirts directly onto the ass that was facing
  each of them. Both generations let out screams together as their tongues came
  out of each mouth. He then told them that they would not be allowed to scream.
  In fact, they would not be allowed to pull their tongues out of each other's
  mouth. He indicated that anytime that even one tongue was removed from a mouth,
  there would be ten more lashes for both of them. He told them they already
  owed ten lashes.  
He suggested    they insert their tongues back in their
  partner's mouth. He warned them again of the punishment that disobedience would
  bring. At that, he and LardAss began administering stripes to the fine asses
  before them. Somehow, the two managed to keep their tongue in the other's mouth
  through six strokes. On the seventh stroke, MotherFuck could stand it no longer
  and removed her tongue as she screamed in agony.  
LardAss said, " You just bought ten more strokes. You now have
      thirteen to go!"   
MotherFuck begged but instantly shut up when he zapped her collar with the
  push of his remote. MotherFuck quickly planted her tongue back in her daughter's
  mouth. The strokes continued. Each ass was now a red blur of stripes and blood.
  The blood was seeping from the blows and slowly running down the backs of their
  beautiful thighs. On the nineteenth stroke, YoungFuck instinctively bit down
  on her mother's tongue. Her mother was in agony from the pain to her ass and
  tongue but somehow she kept her member imbedded in her daughter's mouth.  
When the twentieth stroke was administered both he and LardAss were glistening
  with    perspiration from the energy they had exerted.
  They both walked up to their victims, hugged them tightly, and rubbed their
  sweat all over their bodies. It was not a comforting feeling for the two captives.  
He then brought out a pair of dildos that were connected at the base by a
  short plate. The dildos themselves were huge &ndash; thick and long. He handed
  the apparatus to LardAss. LardAss had released the bindings that had secured
  their ankles and knees. They did not resist as she reached between their legs
  and spread them wide. After that she took the dildo pair and placed them at
  the entrance to each of their cunts that were so tightly pressed together.
  Then, with a single motion, she rammed the rods into their surprised cunts,
  burying them to the very base. They both screeched in surprise and pain. He
  told them he was now going to release all of their bindings. They were required
  to keep the sex toy in their pussies for six hours.  
If it came out they would be strung up again and this time they would be
  whipped across their tits, tummy, and pussy. They were stunned at the new ordeal.
  As he released the remainder of their ties, LardAss quickly wrapped their arms
  around each other and tied each of their wrists behind the other's back. Since
  they could not use their hands to hold the dildos in place, they knew that
  this position was absolutely necessary to keep the poles imbedded in their
  nether regions. Neither wanted to be whipped again, especially across the fronts
  of their bodies.  
They stood there, entwined, in a daze as they tried to figure out how much
  freedom they had to move about. They were whispering to each other, each trying
  to comfort the other. Their assurances to each other were hollow. He and LardAss
  pulled up chairs, sat back leisurely, popped a beer and watched with amusement
  as mother and daughter tried to figure out how they could move and still retain
  the apparatus in their respective pussies.  
LardAss became tired of their whimpering and told them to shut up or she
  would give them both enemas and let them figure out how they were going to
  shit! Their whimpering stopped. They stood in the same position for two hours.
  Their legs and back were aching with the agony of no movement. They both decided
  they would try to go to their knees and then try to lie down. Together they
  inched their bare feet backwards, bracing their naked torsos against each other.
  Their breasts compressed themselves against each other as the weight of their
  bodies spread out their mammary. Their faces were so tightly against each other
  that they could not see exactly what was taking place. Somehow, gradually,
  they actually managed to get to their knees and still keep the plastic in their
  pussies.  
Now, they couldn't figure out how to lie down. They swayed back and forth
  as the floor ground into their bare knees. Suddenly, MotherFuck felt a cramp
  in her calf and screamed in agony. YoungFuck responded by throwing herself &ndash; and
  her mother &ndash; to one side. They fell with a satisfying thud on to the
  floor on their sides. This action caused their thighs to close and this put
  even more pressure on their pussies as their cunts tried to clamp shut on the
  huge plastic dildos that were imbedded in them. They lay on their sides for
  another two hours. Their entire bodies were cramping up and they didn't know
  how they could hold out for another two hours.  
To their chagrin, he and LardAss would circle them about every ten minutes
  and kick them viciously in the kidneys. Once he walked up and began pissing
  on the juncture of their tummies. Their tummies were so tightly held together
  that the piss created a pool that    spread out on their
  sides and gradually seeped through the cracks formed between their tits and
  their groin. Whatever he had been eating or drinking had created an unusually
  smelly stream of piss and they were gagging, as the smell became part of their
  bodies.  
They were moaning again when LardAss came up to them, hunkered down over
  their faces and shot forth a steady, splattering stream of piss. It invaded
  every cavity of their heads &ndash; their mouths, their nostrils, their ears,
  and their eyes. Piss was coating their hair and plastering it to their scalp.
  They were now weeping openly. The pressure of having their pussies stretched
  so much was starting to wear on them. Their cunts were sending screaming messages
  to their brains. YoungFuck's right ass cheek was in the upward position while
  MotherFuck's left ass cheek was in the upward position.  
Each of them felt something being drawn on each respective ass cheek. Actually,
  a series of concentric circles were being drawn on their cheeks. Numbers were
  drawn inside each circle. He and LardAss sat opposite each other as each of
  them faced an ass cheek with a bulls eye drawn on it. Each of them held six
  darts in their hands. The darts had evil-looking steel tips that were as pointed
  as needles.     
   
He threw the first dart and it landed dead center in YoungFuck's ass target.
  She screamed as the needle continued to hang there, drooping slightly. LardAss
  did likewise and her dart hit one of the middle circles on MotherFuck's ass.
  MotherFuck now screamed in agony.  
All at once, darts were flying through the air and burying themselves in
  the ass muscles. It was a beautiful sight that was marred only by the screams
  that were echoing off the walls. He shouted out that the score was a tie and
  they would have to have a tiebreaker. They both retrieved their darts as screams
  resonated off the walls. They again fired their darts as the screams rose in
  intensity and pain. This time he shouted that he was a winner. They both left
  the six darts dangling in each ass cheek. Droplets of blood were flowing from
  the shapely butt muscles.  
As they lay there, the pulsating asses were raising the hormones in both
  him and LardAss. Somehow, without verbalizing anything, they both had the same
  thoughts. LardAss went over and picked up the huge strap-on dildo. She strapped
  it in place and it hung menacingly in front of her &ndash; a weapon of sex.  
He knelt down beside MotherFuck, removed all the darts, and said, " Each
      of you is now going to get fucked  in the ass. You
      have a choice. Do you want the dildo or my dick?"   
MotherFuck cried, " I don't know &ndash; I  don't
      know &ndash; How can I choose? Please don't do this!"   
He then declared that it was his choice and he spooned behind her and began
  probing her puckered ass hole. Then, with one horrible shove he slammed his
  dick into the thirty-six year old ass. In the meantime LardAss had achieved
  the same position behind YoungFuck and her plastic dick was knocking at the
  ass hole door of the sixteen-year-old. LardAss, too, gave a vicious push and
  the artificial dick was buried in the young ass.  
As their groins humped the asses, droplets of blood were flowing down into
  their pubic hair. Somehow this seemed to make everything tingle even more.
  His dick was being massaged firmly by the walls of MotherFuck's ass hole. LardAss'
  clit was being stroked firmly by the base of the dildo in sync with her own
  humping rhythm. Both captives were crying bitterly at the insult being given
  to their bowels.  
Somehow, the motion of the two invaders was causing the connected dildos
  in their pussies to stroke each of their clits. Soon, everyone was sweating
  profusely and waves of ecstasy were flowing through all four bodies. As the
  tension mounted they were all playing to each other's movements. His dick was
  throbbing ferociously and his balls were heaving. The three clits were all
  engorged and sending fierce messages to their respective brains. Suddenly,
  in an unbelievable irony of timing, all of them were coming in waves of unrestricted
  sex, splashing cum and pussy juice everywhere.  
They were hugging whoever was in front of them and begging for more sex.
  Somehow, in an inhuman fit of sexuality, his dick was firm again while still
  imbedded in the receiving ass hole. He began humping again. LardAss' plastic
  dick was ever ready and LardAss began shoving and stroking again to bring new
  heights of eroticism to the waiting ass hole. Again, vocal cords were sending
  forth pleadings for more and they all four again came together. Everyone was
  now so greasy from bodily fluids that they were all slipping around on each
  other.  
As he withdrew he knew he had won a monumental victory. He now had three
  cunts that would do whatever he pleased.  
He thought, " I'm going to fuck myself to death and it will be
      worth it!"  He began planning his next sexcapades.  
Coming Soon: Chapter VII   CuteCunt   
 (or &ndash; How Far Should a Guy Go on a Date?)   
   
 Chapter VIII   PuffPussy   
 (or &ndash; Youth Shouldn't Be Wasted On the Young)   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter VII   
CuteCunt   
(or &ndash; How Far Should a Guy Go on a Date?)   
   
Brenda had been going out with him now for about a month. They had necked
  a little but it had never gone any further than that. He had not tried and
  she was glad because she had not decided yet if she wanted to fuck him or not.
  She had fucked many men but it had always been after a reasonable period of
  consideration and self-examination about her feelings. She was a cautious fuck.  
Already, like all females, she had been weighing his attributes as husband
  material. So far, he had come out fairly good in her analysis. He could have
  been a bit taller, he was only 5'11&quot;. However, he did have rugged good
  looks that were marred only by a broken nose. His hair was his best feature.
  It had a good look to it, it looked virile    and it was
  coal black. His eyes were the brownest, deepest eyes she had ever seen. He
  wore glasses but they served to draw attention away from his crooked nose.
  His teeth were good. He wore good clothes. He had the beginnings of a paunch
  in his belly and she found that a bit worrisome. She tried to picture what
  he would look like in later years, sitting around in his underwear with a gut.
  It was not a pretty picture.  
He was a fantastic kisser. He was gentle when gentleness was called for and
  he had an assertive tongue that seemed to know just when to enter her mouth.
  His hands always hinted that they were going to fondle her breasts or ass but
  they never quite got there. She had often looked at his crotch and it showed
  promise, even beneath the well-tailored clothes. They had been out for dinner
  and she thought she just might fuck him tonight. He had invited her to his
  home for an after dinner drink and she was inclined to let things go as far
  as he desired.  
He looked at her and was well satisfied. She was beautiful. In heels, she
  matched his height. Prior to tonight she had always worn jackets that didn't
  show much of the shape of her breasts. Furthermore, she had always worn a style
  of bra that diminished their size and shape. Tonight was different. She was
  bra-less, wearing a shimmering, clinging blouse that displayed the full wonder
  of her tits. They were marvels! They had to be at least &quot;D&quot; cups
  and they did not appear to have much sag, if any. She must have been aroused
  because her huge nipples had been erect throughout dinner during the entire
  evening, as they seemed to want to poke holes through the sheer blouse. He
  had often followed her up stairways and he knew her ass and calves were wonderful.
  He had invited her to his house and he planned for this to be the night. He
  could almost read her mind and he knew she intended to fuck him tonight. She
  had no idea!  
They had been in his house, in the study for about thirty minutes, drinking
  a brandy. She was somewhat sprawled on the couch, drink in hand, with her legs
  resting on a coffee table. Her legs were perfect! She had been to his house
  before but she had never seen much beyond the areas that visitors typically
  see. He told her he had a well-furnished game room downstairs and he asked
  if she would like to see it? She thought that was a strange thing to ask a
  female guest but she nodded her head in assent. He led the way down the stairs
  and she admired his broad shoulders as she followed him. From previous looks
  she had been a bit disappointed in his ass. He didn't have any!  
As they neared a door she remarked on how curiously intimidating it looked.
  It was massive and looked as though it could have been used to be an entry
  to a fort. He told her he would explain its function after they had viewed
  the room. He swung open the massive structure, stood back, and suggested she
  lead the way. She stepped forward and as she was in the doorway she felt his
  hand on her back and then, suddenly, with a surprising show of strength he
  pushed her into the room. She almost lost her balance on her heels but she
  managed to remain upright. As she heard the door slam shut with a resounding
  thud she thought she had just stepped into hell!  
Across the room, on a waist high table were two naked ladies, in the &quot;69&quot; position,
  eating each other. They both turned their heads toward her as she screeched.
  She immediately saw the genetic resemblance and the age difference and she
  thought, "My God &ndash; it's mother and daughter!"   
Pussy juice glistened around their lips. She did not know that they were
  required at 10:00 p.m. every night to eat each other for thirty minutes. She
  would find out later that their adopted names were &quot;MotherFuck&quot; and &quot;YoungFuck&quot;.
  Her ears caught a slurping sound off to the right and she managed to rip her
  eyes from the pornographic scene in front of her and look to the side. A naked
  woman was sitting in a chair that looked like a shoe shine stand. Her legs
  were wide open and her body was presented in such a way as to display readily
  her overweight, disheveled condition. Her right arm was holding the handle
  of a massive dildo and she was ramming the mighty tool in and out of her cunt.
  Suction was being created by its obvious tight fit and a slurping sound was
  emanating from her pussy. She was grinning and the gaps in her upper and lower
  front teeth were prominent. There were scars and burns all over her body. She
  did not seem the least bit embarrassed and, if anything, she picked up the
  tempo with the tool imbedded in her sex. His stunned date turned around    and
  opened her mouth as she intended to rip him a new ass hole. Too late, she saw
  his clenched fist rushing to the point of her chin. She was out cold.  
She came to and hell had gotten worse! She sensed immediately that she was
  secured to the floor, spread-eagled, and she was completely nude. Above her,
  standing and straddling her face was the man she had been considering as marriage
  material. He was naked! She had guessed right &ndash; kind of. His dick was
  extraordinary. It was the shortest dick she had ever seen. But, it was also
  the thickest dick she had ever seen, or, ever imagined possible. It looked
  like a stubby fence post. Its head was enormous! Below the dick and covered
  by a thick mat of black hair was the most mammoth set of balls she had ever
  seen. They looked like two baseballs hanging in the ugliest scrotum she had
  ever seen. One ball was distended to such a depth that it seemed as though
  it was almost touching her nose.  
She could not see much behind him but as she looked through his muscular
  legs she saw other legs &ndash; feminine ones, behind him and also straddling
  her body. She saw a feminine hand reach around his right side to grasp his
  thick dick. Then, as she opened her mouth to begin to scream, an immense yellow
  stream sprang from the slit at the end of his dick. With unerring accuracy
  the rope of piss cascaded directly into the middle of her mouth. She quickly
  closed her mouth &ndash; too late &ndash; piss was already rolling in her throat.
  The piss continued to flow and it was splashing from her face, into the air,
  only to descend back to her face. She gurgled as she tried to deal with the
  vile liquid in her mouth. She did manage to spit some out but she also was
  forced to swallow some of it. She was too astounded to vomit. What in the hell
  was going on? The stream finally diminished until only a drop was hanging from
  his piss slit.  
She saw the feminine hand milk his dick and shake it and drops began falling
  off the mushroom end onto her once-proud face. He told her if she screamed
  she would be punished. Then, she felt a surge of electricity ram into her body
  through the collar on her neck. She could not help herself and screamed anyway.
  The current flowed for another fifteen seconds and she was quickly drenched
  with sweat. He stopped the electricity and told her no more sounds &ndash; no
  more shocks.  
She blinked her eyes in understanding. Then he stepped aside and she could
  see that all three naked women were straddling her body. Like a well-organized
  drill team they both squatted together over her body. Then, simultaneously
  they began pissing. Her body was being covered with piss! The smell of uric
  acid invaded her nostrils. She was gagging now as she felt the undisciplined
  female piss bounce off of her body. LardAss was the lead pisser and she finally
  finished her duty. She kind of duck-walked forward over the new captive until
  her pussy was directly above the already piss-drenched face. LardAss squatted
  down so that her pussy sealed itself directly on the mouth below. Then she
  swished around her hips to grind the puffy pussy lips on to the startled face.  
Brenda immediately felt the full impact of the aroma of piss, sweat, and
  stale sex. She was gagging and bile was rising in her gullet. Thankfully, LardAss
  arose and stepped aside only to be replaced by MotherFuck. MotherFuck went
  through the same performance. The smells were the same, only the nuances were
  different. Then, MotherFuck was replaced by YoungFuck. Brenda had never dreamed
  that she would ever have three well-used, putrid pussies mashed on to her face.  
She was losing control of her emotions and she screamed in spite of herself.
  Her screams were met by waves of electricity flowing through her special collar
  and her screams subsided to mere whimpering. She begged them to let her go.
  They laughed. They stood around her in a circle and admired the prize. Her
  tits were unbelievable. Huge &ndash; shapely &ndash; sexy &ndash; waiting to
  be abused. Her belly button was incredibly large and deep. It almost looked
  like a black hole. Her pussy hair was well-manicured, light brown, and quite
  attractive. Her pussy lips peeked out from the curly hair and promised that
  great things were in store for anyone who penetrated them. Her legs were long,
  shapely, with just the right amount of muscle and fat to present their femininity.  
She apparently hit the tanning booth on a regular basis and it was obvious
  that she did it completely nude. Her entire body was a pleasant shade of brown
  that cried out to be stroked and rubbed. Despite the beauty of her tits, her
  pussy was like a magnet to the direction of their eyes. She was always proud
  of her pussy. It had just the right amount of hair, swollen mound, and    lips.
  It was her best feature.  
He said, " From this day hence you are here for our pleasure. Your
      new name  is 'CuteCunt'. Never forget it or fail to
      respond to it. You are here for punishment and degradation. The  intensity
      of them depends on your cooperation."   
She sobbed as she wondered what world she had descended in to? As she looked
  upward at the naked bodies ringed around her she noticed that all of them were
  holding long fishing rods. The rods were made of fiberglass and quite flexible.
  Suddenly, in unison, all four of them began beating her severely with the rods.
  The tips of the rods were striking her nipples, her tummy, her open pussy,
  and her thighs. She was screaming as the rods felt like razors ripping in to
  her body. She was screaming but the screams seemed to only heighten the intensity
  of her punishment. She couldn't move &ndash; she could only endure. There was
  a ceiling mirror above her and she could see the scars that were being ripped
  in to her once-magnificent skin. Her tits and nipples were screaming in agony.
  Her pussy felt as though it were on fire. Her thighs were bulging as muscles
  reacted to punishment. Pussy hair was being ripped from her with the twitch
  of the rods.  
The four pain administrators were sweating profusely with their efforts.
  The rods seemed to be alive. Blood was flowing into her deep navel and forming
  a crimson pool. She finally lost consciousness, thankfully. They ceased and
  admired their work. It was a good beginning.  
CuteCunt regained consciousness to the most acute and devastating pain that
  she had ever encountered. A stainless steel rod protruded from the floor. At
  a height of about thirty inches it divided into two prongs, each with a huge
  stainless steel dildo on the end. She could not see this however. The dildos
  were imbedded in her pussy and ass. Her feet were dangling about six inches
  above the floor. Her pussy and ass hole was supporting the entire weight of
  her body. Her arms were raised as her wrists were secured to ropes hanging
  from the ceiling. These bindings kept her from tipping over. She felt as though
  her bowels and vagina were going to split in two.  
She emitted a scream that rose to an incredible pitch and continued forever
  in such a way that it sounded like the siren on a fire engine. He pushed a
  button and the ceiling ropes lifted her somewhat so that her arms were now
  bearing part of her own weight. Her scream finally subsided to a soft mewing
  sound as she reacted to all the pain that was present in her body.  
He and LardAss were walking slowly around her. This was the first good view
  they had taken of her ass. It was a beauty. It was easily a &quot;10&quot; on
  a scale of ten. He walked up and jiggled her ass cheeks playfully. She jumped
  from his unexpected touch and this served only to exasperate the pain in her
  guts. She screeched briefly. As she looked straight ahead she saw YoungFuck
  and MotherFuck pleasuring each other with huge dildos. They were oblivious
  to their surroundings and their eyes were glazed over as they each seemed to
  experience continuous orgasms. They had lost all semblance of normal humanity
  and they lived only now for orgasms. They were no longer mother and daughter.
  They were two sex organs existing strictly for sex.  
LardAss had taken thin, but strong, nylon cords and was wrapping them tightly
  around the nipples of CuteCunt. The impaled captive tried to pull away but
  there was too much going on with her body to allow her any freedom. After the
  cords were secured tightly to each of the nipples they dangled about three
  feet. He walked up and CuteCunt noticed the helium tank and balloons for the
  first time. He was inflating huge balloons. LardAss took each balloon as soon
  as it was inflated and began securing it to one of the cords dangling from
  one of the swollen nipples. After about thirty minutes there were over twenty-five
  helium-filled balloons attached to each nipple. They had incredible lifting
  power and her nipples and tits were being stretched and lifted to the fullest
  extent that their skin would allowed.  
CuteCunt was now feeling ferocious pain in her ass hole, her cunt, her nipples,
  and her arms. She began screaming again. He and LardAss walked toward her and
  began twanging the balloon strings like a harp. This sent devious vibrations
  through to her nipples and accentuated her pain in a manner that she would
  not have thought possible.  
In the meantime, YoungFuck and MotherFuck had quit doing each other and walked
  up to the strange tableau. Each was holding a baseball bat. They began swinging
  and hitting the stainless steel pole that extended from the floor. Now there
  were ferocious vibrations being transmitted to    CuteCunt's
  pussy and ass. The vibrations of the blows were vibrating her body. This in
  turn was bouncing the many balloon bouquets up and down. Each time they would
  go up they would transmit sharp tugs to her nipples, causing unbearable pain
  in her mammaries. Her tits were stretched into &quot;D&quot; size cones that
  wanted to go straight upward. She was completely out of control with pain.
  Her entire body was in spasms.  
After fifteen minutes of this, the three women and he were finally running
  out of energy. They suspended their activities and watched CuteCunt trying
  to regain some semblance of comfort. Her body reeked of the smell of sweat,
  fear, and pain. A strange looking black fluid was seeping around the edges
  of the dildo implanted in her ass. Comfort for her was not to be had.  
He and LardAss had removed the bindings from her wrists. Her arms fell listlessly
  to her sides. She was begging for relief from all of the pain sensations. She
  promised them she would do anything. She didn't even have the energy to reach
  up and relieve the tension on her tits and nipples. They both grabbed an arm
  and lifted her violently from the dildos. She screamed in agony at the ripping
  feelings the stainless steel rods brought to the insides of her pussy and ass.
  The balloons bounced with this effort and caused the nylon cords to cut deeper
  into her nipples.  
Using a razor, he sliced the cords that secured the balloons and the loops
  that were around her nipples. Blood rushed to the released appendages on her
  big tits and she screamed as the nerve endings sent horrible signals to her
  brain. He threw her to the floor on to her back. She didn't move. He dived
  on to her and in one motion buried his dick completely into her pussy. Even
  the steel dildo had not prepared her for the thickness of his dick. She screamed
  repeatedly as he humped her without mercy.  
LardAss grabbed each side of his hips and used her arm muscles to give him
  even more humping strength. CuteCunt no longer had a cute cunt. She had a hairy
  hole that was being invaded by a monster that was showing no mercy. To her
  chagrin the ferocious rape was sending strange signals to her clit. She was
  becoming wet in her pussy tunnel. He sensed this and somehow dug deeper to
  find even more strength and speed. He was a fucking machine without emotion
  or feelings. Orgasms were flooding over her nerve endings and she was now screaming
  with ecstasy.  
She was begging him now, " Fuck me &ndash;  fuck
      me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; you son-of-a-bitch!"   
He responded by burying huge loads of cum directly into the center of her
  love tunnel. She felt the flood cascading inside of her and it only served
  to intensify her love orgasms. She had lost all control and wanted only to
  be fucked. He lost his erection only for a moment and then was immediately
  solid again. He quickly pulled his dick out of her cunt, lifted her legs, and
  without warning he plunged his thick tool into her virgin ass hole. It was
  an unbelievable experience for her. She had never been fucked in the ass before.
  His giant mushroom head was scoring the inside of her shit tunnel and she was
  experiencing new feelings on nerve endings that had never been touched before.  
Without warning, LardAss had straddled her face and plunged her fat pussy
  directly on to the mouth. CuteCunt was no longer able to segregate feelings
  and experiences. She just wanted sex, everywhere and always. Her tongue instinctively
  leapt out of her mouth and buried itself in the waiting pussy. As his dick
  swabbed the inside of her ass, her tongue swabbed the inside of the experienced
  pussy. Suddenly all three of them were experiencing simultaneous, continuous
  orgasms. He was pounding on the back of LardAss' back with his clenched fists
  and she didn't care. Everyone was feeling pain and sex. Body fluids were flowing
  liberally. As they collapsed in a pile of sweaty flesh he beckoned mother and
  daughter to clean them off. They moved over and began applying their swishing
  tongues to any human part that had liquid on it &ndash; whether it was sweat,
  cum, pussy juice, or god knows what? This tongue bath lasted for almost ninety
  minutes. When they were through, all five naked bodies lay on their backs on
  the floor, side by side. It was a good day.  
CuteCunt was standing before them, head bowed. Her body was still beautiful
  but it looked worn. He very carefully set six bottles of Fleet enema on the
  floor in front of her. He asked her if she knew what they were. She nodded
  her head. He asked her if she knew how to use them. She nodded her head. He
  liked the    way her tits did a faint jiggle whenever
  she nodded her head. He told her that she was to use all six. She could use
  them one at a time or in multiple sets. As she inserted them she was to be
  sure her ass was pointing toward them so they could have a good view. Her face
  immediately reddened as she realized what they were commanding her to do.  
He then told her if she didn't begin immediately she would be punished more
  severely than anything she had experienced thus far. She was astounded. She
  could not imagine more severe punishment. She immediately got down on her side
  with her ass pointing toward the four onlookers. She picked up an enema bottle,
  lifted her leg and reached down to insert it into her asshole. She was embarrassed
  to be presenting herself in this manner to these perverts. S he squeezed the
  bottle and it made a slurping sound as the liquid was forced into her bowels.
  When the bottle had collapsed completely around its emptiness she removed the
  nozzle from her ass.  
A small amount of liquid was already trickling from her butt hole. She got
  up quickly and sat on the toilet. She was full of shame as liquid and shit
  plummeted out of her guts and splashed loudly in the toilet. She was full of
  shame as the stench from her shit filled the room. She was full of shame as
  they stared at her situation unrelentlessly. As she rose slightly and wiped
  her ass she could not believe she was doing this in front of four naked perverts.
  She also noticed that he was getting aroused as his thick dick rose slightly.  
She got down in the position again and knew there was probably remnants of
  shit around her asshole. Nevertheless, she repeated the procedure. As she shit
  in the toilet for the second time she was ashamed to hear them discuss her
  technique with the enema, the appearance of her asshole, and the quantity of
  shit she was producing. It was as though she was a lab experiment and they
  were uncaring observers. She was already starting to tremble and she knew she
  would be a wreck if she had to do four more of these things. She decided to
  go with two bottles the next time. She lay on her side and quickly squirted
  the first bottle inside of herself. The second bottle went in slower as she
  felt the cramps wrenching inside of her bowels.  
She thought, " What the hell?",  and even more deliberately
  squeezed the remaining two bottles of liquid into her guts. Her stomach was
  swollen and the cramps were unbearable. She needed to stand up to get to the
  toilet but the pain was so fierce that she thought she would explode in liquid
  shit if she moved too quickly. Very slowly, and deliberately, she rose and
  stepped toward the toilet. Before she could get her ass down on the seat her
  bowels erupted in a geyser of brown liquid. As they laughed at her situation
  she wished she could die. When she had finally finished she felt completely
  washed out. She could barely stand and her ass was as raw as a cob.  
Then fear began to grow in her as LardAss laid three different pieces of
  apparatus on the floor before her. One was obvious. It was a whip with many
  knotted leather thongs. It was obviously cruel. The other two objects were
  similar to each other and strange. Each was a length of nylon cord upon which
  many ceramic balls had been strung. She was later to find out that there were
  twenty-five balls on each cord. The larger one had balls of which each had
  a diameter of slightly less than an inch. The smaller one had balls that each
  had a diameter of approximately one-half of an inch.  
LardAss began a narrative that sent chills through the body of CuteCunt.  
LardAss said, " You owe us fifty lashes with the whip. You  can,
      however, diminish the number of lashes. You can do this by inserting the
      larger set of 'beads' in your  pussy. For every bead
      you insert, one lash will be removed. You can also do this by inserting
      the smaller  set of 'beads' in your ass hole. For
      every bead you insert, one lash will also be removed. Your fate is in  your
      hands &ndash; or your pussy and ass &ndash; and you must begin immediately."   
CuteCunt began begging immediately for mercy &ndash; only to receive a resounding
  shot of electricity through her collar. She shut up immediately and picked
  up the larger set of ceramic beads. She trembled as she inserted the first
  ball in her pussy. Actually she was surprised at how easily it went in. She
  inserted the second and third ball and they, too, went in fairly easily.  
She thought, " Thank God, I've just taken away three lashes!"   
The fourth, fifth, and sixth balls were harder but they went in . Her pussy
  now felt as though it was being torn asunder. She pushed in the seventh and
  eight balls and now she was crying and her hands were shaking. A part of the
  last ball could be seen peeking out of her pussy lips between her pretty cunt
  hair. Somehow, in an unbelievable show of strength and elasticity she managed
  to get four more balls into her cunt. She was in    agony
  as her body responded to twelve inches of heavy ceramic in her vagina. She
  could do no more.  
She was on her back, her pussy was severely stretched and open for all the
  world to see. She was sweating profusely as her pussy lips quivered. In an
  act of mercy, he set down a tube of KY for her to use on the anal beads.  
She picked them up reluctantly and smeared the lubricant on the first few
  balls. They were now so slippery that it was all she could do to hold them.
  But, she was motivated as she reached beneath her leg and fingered the first
  bead into her ass hole. It popped in with a satisfying slurping sound. She
  cried at the pain and moaned at the anticipation of placing more of them in
  her shit tunnel. She began inserting them one at a time and each one caused
  more stress. She actually kept at it until she had eighteen of them in her
  bowels. She was now crying in anguish and snot was running from her nose.  
He picked up the whip and she cried, " No, no, I can do more!"   
At that she began working furiously until all twenty-five beads were in her
  ass. She had now lost her senses and was crying nonsensical words. Only six
  inches of cord protruded from her ass to signify that something was in place
  up in to her body. Thirteen balls still hung from her pussy to signify that
  twelve were inside of her somewhere. Unlucky thirteen!  
He picked up the whip and struck a blow across both of her tits. The knotted
  leather thongs caught each of her erect nipples and bloodied them both. As
  she screamed he continued to strike at her. She was caught again and again
  across her once-beautiful tits, across her tender belly, across the area just
  above her pubic hair. Thirteen blows felt like thirteen thousand. She was losing
  all sense of reality and thinking only of the pain on her skin and in her guts.
  As he finished the thirteenth, LardAss grabbed both cords that were hanging
  from her holes and ripped them from her body. She felt as though she was being
  ripped apart &ndash; as though her guts were being torn from her body. She
  finally fainted.  
LardAss was lying on her back. He was lying on his back &ndash; on top of
  LardAss. His head was resting on her pussy mound. His ass was directly on top
  of her face. She was reaching up with her hands to spread open his ass cheeks.
  Her tongue was busy swabbing the inside of his shit hole. CuteCunt was straddling
  his face and had her pussy implanted on top of his mouth. He could feel the
  soft down of her pubic hair brushing over his nose. He was alternating his
  mouth action with her pussy. For one cycle he would suck vigorously on her
  engorged clit. Then he would bury his tongue in her pussy and stroke it like
  an engine.  
In spite of herself, her pussy juice was flowing freely and coating his face.
  The aroma was sweet perfume to his senses. His hands reached upward to firmly
  squeeze her giant tits. Her weight and gyrations were rubbing his head into
  LardAss' groin. This was exciting her and she, too, was putting out globs of
  pussy juice. The hair on the back of his head was soaked with her juice.  
YoungFuck was straddling his groin and had imbedded his erect, thick dick
  into her sixteen-year-old cunt. She was providing most of the action and his
  huge mushroom dick head was titillating the walls of her pussy. She had given
  herself over completely to uninhibited sex and this complemented completely
  her teenage endurance. She was a fucking machine.  
She was screaming unintelligible words that seemed to only spur on every
  one else's sexual activities. MotherFuck had her face buried beneath her daughter's
  ass. MotherFuck was vigorously licking his balls. She would lick the smaller
  ball, then the larger ball, and then she would suck in the skin of his scrotum
  and roll it around her moist mouth. Every once in a while she would reach up
  and lick her daughter's ass that was bouncing up and down above and on her.
  Also, every once in a while she would turn her face downward, LardAss would
  stick her tongue up, and MotherFuck would suck his shit off of her tongue.  
MotherFuck had a huge vibrating dildo buried in her own experienced pussy
  and she was getting off with everyone else. Somehow, in an amazing feat of
  timing, every one was having an orgasm together. Sweat was flowing, pussy juice
  was gushing, and his dick was erupting. They collapsed together in a sweaty
  heap. He was being pressed on all sides by heaving tits, wet pussies, jiggling
  butts, and gasping tummies. Lips and tongues were everywhere on his body, licking,
  slurping, sucking &ndash; he realized that this was about as good as it could
  get. The only thing that could be better would be to inflict pain on    deserving
  cunts. It was time to snap the bitches back to reality. Life didn't exist for
  them to only have enjoyable orgasms. Life existed to give him pleasure that
  he derived best from their pain.  
He pushed himself up through the mass of woman flesh, kicking as he went.
  His first blow caught LardAss in the right side. She gasped with pain. His
  left foot caught CuteCunt directly in the center of her left tit. She shrieked
  with surprise. He jumped in the air and landed with one foot on YoungFuck's
  ass and the other foot in MotherFuck's solar plexus. They both yelled in anguish
  and it was impossible to distinguish the voices that came from the same gene
  pool. All four bitches were immediately alert as they realized they were in
  store for trouble. Like all females they thought their cunts gave them dominion
  over this man. Now they realized where they were and it dawned on them that
  their cunts only gave him access to a part of them that he ultimately controlled
  anyway.  
He directed YoungFuck and MotherFuck to stand back to back and to interlock
  their arms. He did the same with CuteCunt and LardAss. He took leather straps
  and bound each couple tightly together around their necks and forearms. They
  were now pressed tightly together and could only move with great deliberation
  and planning since one person of the couple would be moving forward while the
  other was moving backwards. To move sideways, they had to plan their steps
  equally as carefully.  
He had picked up the whip with the strands of knotted, leather thongs. He
  told mother and daughter to move to the perimeter of the large room, inside
  the yellow line that ran parallel to the walls. He told them they were to &quot;run&quot; around
  the artificial track four times. He would be following them with the whip to
  urge them on so that they could get the best time available. The light began
  to dawn in their brains as they realize how difficult this would be in their
  position. He further told them that the couple with the best time would be
  free of punishment for the next seven days. The couple with the worst time
  would be treated severely.  
YoungFuck told her mother to take the forward moving position in front because
  she figured her younger legs would move backwards better than her mother's
  legs. YoungFuck, however, had forgotten that this would put her directly in
  the line of fire for his strong arm and cruel whip.  
He did a countdown and shouted " Go!"   
MotherFuck moved forward as YoungFuck tried to synchronize the steps of her
  backward gait. Their feet became tangled and they promptly fell down. He stood
  over them and began striking them repeatedly with the slashing whip. Blows
  were falling on naked skin and they were both screaming for mercy as they tried
  to scramble back to an upright position. They almost got up but the raining
  blows were hitting all four tits with no let up and it drove them to the floor
  again. Now he was concentrating on their stomach area and he was managing to
  catch YoungFuck with forearm blows and MotherFuck with backhand blows.  
After many scarring blows he had to stop to catch his breath. They managed
  to scramble to their feet during the interlude and this time MotherFuck moved
  carefully forward to give her daughter time to plan her backward steps. He
  had regained his composure and he was casually walking behind the crab-like
  couple, swishing the whip across YoungFuck's tits. Tears were streaming from
  her eyes but she managed to keep up the pace.  
He then changed his direction and began coming upward with the whip &ndash; delivering
  blows straight into the lips of the young cunt. She was begging now and her
  mother was equally disturbed by the punishment she knew her daughter was receiving.  
MotherFuck shouted at YoungFuck and said, " Let's change positions,
      let me take some of the punishment!"   
However, YoungFuck told her to just keep moving forward so they could get
  this thing done. He now moved to their side and began reining backhanded strikes
  across MotherFuck's tits. She was now screaming, as stripes seemed to be appearing
  everywhere across her beautiful boobs. When blows landed directly on her nipples
  her screams would rise to an inhuman pitch.  
Somehow they made it around the room four times. However, their bodies were
  full of scars from their knees up to their shoulders. Small trickles of blood
  were flowing from everywhere on their naked skin. He had timed them but CuteCunt
  and LardAss were surely going to win unless they stopped completely.  
They moved to the starting area with LardAss in the frontward position. They
  had whispered together during the other couple's ordeal and determined that
  it was best to move slow and steady and just finish the damn thing without
  falling. They would absorb a lot of punishment but it would be worth it if
  they didn't have to suffer another week of further punishment.  
When he shouted " Go!",  LardAss bent forward lifting
  CuteCunt completely off the floor. LardAss then began moving forward at a steady
  pace. CuteCunt was carried like a backpack as LardAss used her larger, more
  muscular body to great advantage.  
He was now circling them as they moved and he was delivering severe blows
  to CuteCunt's nipples. She screamed with every blow but the truth be told,
  she was beginning to enjoy the pain. The blows felt like electrical shocks
  to her nipples and she screeched with every strike. She could see that her
  nipples were bleeding ferociously and she knew that her beautiful tits would
  never attract men like they used to do. Yet she could feel her pussy getting
  wet.  
He was delivering criss-cross blows to her tits repeatedly and her screams
  were echoing off the walls. Somehow, with LardAss' strength, they finished
  the &quot;race&quot; well under the other couple's time. CuteCunt felt as though
  her tits had been shredded. He had obviously concentrated on her chest to intimidate
  her and make them fail. It had not worked but she had paid a terrible price.
  LardAss was breathing hard from the physical exertion but she had received
  the lesser punishment. She was just happy that she would probably be involved
  in the mother and daughter's punishment rather than the other way around. She
  had a slight grin on her face. He noticed it, walked behind her, and delivered
  a fierce, unexpected blow to her kidneys. She fell like an ox.  
He had rigged up an old-fashioned pottery wheel that he had acquired in Mexico.
  The wheel turned by means of a trundle wheel that was connected to a stationary
  bicycle from which it received its power. Fastened atop the pottery wheel was
  a huge dildo &ndash; scaled to the actual thickness of his dick but at least
  four times as long. Its huge mushroom head looked like the mushroom cloud of
  a nuclear explosion. YoungFuck was suspended above the pottery wheel by a series
  of harnesses that bent her double in the middle and caused her ass to be the
  lowest suspended part of her body.  
He gradually lowered her until the artificial dick was knocking at the entrance
  to her ass hole. She was sobbing unrelentlessly because she had seen it before
  she was lowered and she knew she was in for serious damage to her sensitive
  hole. LardAss and CuteCunt had grasped her hips and were making sure that she
  was perfectly centered. He began lowering her body slowly and she screeched
  wildly as the huge mushroom head was forced beyond the tight rim of her shit
  hole. As slack was created in the cable her weight was actually supported on
  the giant dick head that had only invaded her young ass to a depth of a couple
  of inches. She was now alternating between screaming at the top of her lungs
  and moaning with deep sighs. Her chest was heaving and her scar-ridden, once-beautiful,
  tits were heaving with the hope of some kind of mercy. Mercy was not to be
  had.  
LardAss and CuteCunt, with the precision of a drill team, slammed her body
  downward so that the entire huge artificial hunk of manhood was immersed into
  her bowels. She fainted.  
He revived her with smelling salts and she begged for mercy. He then led
  MotherFuck to the bicycle seat and made her climb on board. Her daughter was
  only four feet in front of her with her impaled ass directly in her mother's
  line of sight. He began shocking MotherFuck through her collar with increasingly
  strong bolts of electricity. He told her that when she started pedaling the
  electricity would stop. She could not stand it. She begged her daughter for
  forgiveness and began reluctantly pedaling.  
It took a lot of effort at first to overcome the inertia of the large pottery
  flywheel and the friction between the tightly imbedded dildo and her daughter's
  tight ass hole. Tears were streaming down both their faces as YoungFuck felt
  the artificial dildo rotate without mercy in her ass. He began jolting MotherFuck
  again &ndash; telling her to pick up the pace. Soon the flywheel &ndash; and
  plastic dick &ndash; were rotating freely in the young ass.  
YoungFuck screamed in agony and lost control as she began pissing. The piss
  shot out in a huge stream, hit the turning wheel and then hit her mother square
  in the face. However, she could not let up and she now had the flywheel turning
  wildly. Strange liquids were oozing out from between the dildo and the ass
  hole. The liquid fell to the base of the dildo and flew off with centrifugal
  force to everywhere surrounding the apparatus. Then, sexual nature    began
  to take over. The many nerve endings in the young ass were being excited and
  she began to feel a monumental orgasm overtaking her.  
Soon she was screaming, " Turn it mother &ndash; turn it &ndash; turn
      it &ndash; I'm  coming &ndash; I'm coming &ndash; I'm
      coming!"   
By the same token, strangely enough, MotherFuck's clitoris was rubbing furiously
  against the saddle of the bicycle seat. She, too, was being overtaken by strange
  sexual feelings and she began coming. As the orgasm flowed over her she began
  pedaling faster to get more vigorous contact with her clit. She too was moaning
  without restrictions as she felt waves of sexual release flow over her body.
  Her feet were a whir of up and down motion, the pottery flywheel was spinning
  like a possessed demon, YoungFuck's pussy lips were flexing in and out, her
  ass hole was on fire, MotherFuck's pussy was trying to envelope the seat for
  more contact. All at once, both of them passed out completely from the sexual
  intensity. Sweat was rolling off of their bodies, dripping from anything that
  protruded &ndash; tits, noses, elbows, asses, and all other appendages. Pussy
  juice was running like wine. It was a beautiful sight!  
LardAss and CuteCunt were overcome by the sexual intensity they had just
  witnessed. They both came together simultaneously and planted their lips on
  each other. They fell to the floor together &ndash; exchanging tongues and
  spit. Their pussies rubbed together as their nipples fought a joust with each
  other. As they rolled on the floor in a mass of female flesh, he walked over
  to them to &quot;cool&quot; them down.  
He began pissing and they ignored the yellow stream that flowed over them.
  Their hands were gripping each other's ass cheeks and they were having an orgasm
  together. He fell on to their piss-soaked bodies and his dick found a hole.
  He was so caught up in the moment that he didn't even know who he was fucking
  or which hole his dick was in. He came in waves of cum spouting and he, too,
  was screaming.  
The room was filled with the pungent aroma of sex juice, piss and sweat.
  Female flesh was everywhere &ndash; used up and exhausted. His mind was flitting
  from one thought to another as he wondered who would be fucked next, who would
  be punished, who would be shit upon. He had four cunts, eight tits, eight ass
  cheeks, four mouths, and four ass holes. How could life get any better?  
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter VIII   
PuffPussy   
(or &ndash; Youth Shouldn't Be Wasted On the Young)   
He was sitting on the shoeshine chair with his ass just hanging over the
  edge. LardAss was again sucking his dick. As she filled her small mouth with
  his thick dick, she sucked strongly and rubbed her tongue over his piss slit.
  She was fondling his large ball with her right hand and her left hand was reaching
  under him as her finger penetrated his ass and massaged his prostate. He was
  able to control his orgasms quite readily so he was letting her bring him just
  to the brink and then he would concentrate on something else so as to prolong
  the ecstasy as much as possible.  
He was thinking of his latest slave transaction. He had sold CuteCunt, MotherFuck,
  and YoungFuck to a South American broker who specialized in leasing out sex
  slaves. When the broker arrived, he saw his three purchases hanging from a
  horizontal titanium rod like three slabs of beef. Their wrists were tied together
  and looped over the rod. Their feet dangled about six inches from the floor.
  They were begging to remain in this place they knew rather than to go to some
  foreigner's life of existence. The broker had brought with him a special electric
  branding iron that he used to mark all of his possessions. In a display of
  gallows humor, the brand was the smiley face symbol &#9786;.  
It was red hot as he first pressed it on to the left ass cheek of CuteCunt.
  She screamed in agony as her flesh burned, smoke rose from her cheek, and the
  odor of burning flesh permeated the room. She was still crying in pain as he
  repeated the procedure on mother and daughter. Their screams were intermingling
  to form a trio of ear piercing sounds that could have shattered crystal. CuteCunt
  had lost control of herself and immediately pissed all down her legs. The broker
  was beside himself with anger as he walked over and drove his fist into the
  pit of her stomach. She wanted to double up in agony but in her suspended,
  hanging    position she could not do it.  
He slid her off the rod, threw her over his shoulder and carried her to the
  truck in which he was going to transport her. He threw her up in the bed of
  the truck as she rolled in agony. When her fresh brand touched the floor she
  screamed even more. At that, the slave broker rolled her on to her stomach,
  unbuttoned his fly, and leaped on her back, driving his probing cock deep in
  her ass. He only had to hump her five times and he was burying his cum in her
  bowels. She moaned as she realized this was only the beginning of a new and
  despicable life. In the meantime, two of his cronies had thrown the rod over
  their shoulders and were carrying MotherFuck and YoungFuck out to the truck.
  It was the last they would ever be seen of again.  
LardAss continued to suck his dick. He was now thinking of his latest acquisition.
  As his dick was being mightily sucked he looked over to his right to see the
  new slave. She was naked, hanging upside down from the ceiling. A hood was
  over her head &ndash; completely blinding her. Tape was sealing her mouth from
  any sounds beyond mere mumbling. She was a beauty. She was fifteen years old
  but fairly big for her age. She was about five feet six inches tall and not
  skinny. She was still carrying some body fat that gave her ass a nice firm,
  come-hither appearance. He had first seen her when she came to his house to
  sell candy for a youth field trip to Washington D.C. He was struck by her innocence
  that was cleverly mixed with the seductive knowledge that comes with approaching
  adulthood. Even at this young age she wore her ass like a weapon &ndash; using
  it to temporarily deprive men of common sense as they forgot her age and dreamed
  of snuggling up to that wonderful butt. She knew that it had the potential
  of being a mighty force for acquiring things.  
He, too, had been immediately smitten by her jiggling ass. He had followed
  her, determined her address, and hired a thug to secure her capture. Her body
  was a marvelous thing to behold. He liked to look at naked females. Strangely,
  her tits had not developed yet. There were mounds on her chest that promised
  of coming tits, but they had not arrived yet. Her nipples and areolas were
  an ironic trick of nature. They were already huge, simply waiting for boobs
  to press them outward. Her pussy was covered with a still-emerging light coating
  of soft reddish down. The pubic hair was so thin that it couldn't begin to
  conceal the slit and the huge mound of her sex. Her sex mound was gigantic
  and it was swollen with great promise. Her legs were shapely, though like her
  ass, covered with a thin layer of fat.  
She was struggling as much as possible with her legs spread wide and tied
  to hooks in the ceiling. Her arms were secured behind her back. As his eyes
  paid homage to her young, alluring nakedness, LardAss was bringing him to a
  peak that he could not control. She felt him throbbing and removed his dick
  from her mouth so that it was only inches from her face. He came in a mighty
  outpouring of joy juice, spraying her face with white cream that coagulated
  immediately and sagged all over her face. Cum was on her forehead, her eyebrows,
  her right eye, her nose, her lips and her chin. She removed her finger from
  his ass and eagerly wiped the cum all over her face &ndash; using it like moisturizing
  cream. Then she took the finger that was laden with his shit and cum and slowly
  sucked it into her mouth.  
He reached up his right foot and pushed it forcibly into her face. She spun
  over backwards and did a complete loop before landing heavily on her fat ass.
  Her nose was bleeding and yet she was smiling. God she loved pain and sex!  
He spoke in a calm voice as he said, " Let's examine our newest
      acquisition!" 
     
LardAss leaped to her feet with a quickness that was not consistent with
  her size. Together they walked over to the hanging garden of flesh.  
The young girl was terrified. First her legs and ankles were killing her
  as they were supporting all of her weight. She could tell she was naked and
  the hood over her eyes only accentuated her fear. She knew she was in trouble
  and it would probably involve rape. She had seen a victim of rape on television
  once and she had downplayed the outcome of rape. Now, the hanging young girl
  was not so sure that she could downplay rape herself.  
She had heard strange sounds just moments ago. It was sort of a slurping,
  sucking sound with low moans and groans in harmony with the slurping and sucking.
  She had heard a low yelp that seemed to coincide with the cessation of the
  sucking sounds. Then she had heard the sound of flesh    hitting
  flesh and something that sounded like a body hitting a hard surface. Her imagination
  was running wild and her pulse rate was sky high.  
She heard padded footsteps coming toward her. She had a thousand questions
  and demands to express but the tape on her mouth allowed her to only grunt.
  The blood seemed to be pooling in her head and her brain was pounding with
  pain. She knew she was in deep trouble. Suddenly she felt fingers grip her
  pussy lips and pull them apart. It hurt like a son-of-a-bitch. Then she heard
  two voices, male and female, discussing her sexual anatomy. Fear and shame
  and embarrassment were flooding over her all at the same time.  
The male voice was telling how much he admired the height of her mound. He
  said it was the highest he had ever seen. He then went on to tell how much
  he admired the shape of her pussy lips, the pinkness down inside of her pussy
  that led his vision down to the blackness of the inner hole. Suddenly she felt
  lips on her pussy and then a tongue invading her sex. She was flabbergasted!  
She knew about oral sex but she could never imagine liking it! Yet, this
  tongue was smooth, moist, and gentle and was arousing strange sensations deep
  inside of her. Then, his lips began massaging her clit. Up until this time
  her clit had only been touched by her own hands when she masturbated. This
  touch was a thousand times more sensual then her own fingers. She felt an arousal
  coming over her and she began to buck her hips in spite of her upside-down
  hanging position. She was moaning now as his tongue was wrapping around her
  clit, causing it to be gorged with a full supply of blood. Her nerves were
  jumping, begging for more, she was straining to get even deeper touches to
  her sex organ. Suddenly waves of orgasm swept over her, her pussy was creating
  pools of juice, her pussy lips were throbbing and convulsing, her nipples were
  aroused to incredible heights, goose bumps filled her body and she experienced
  the most incredible sexual feeling she had ever imagined.  
She thought, " If this  is rape, I can handle
      a lots more of it!"   
Little did she know that quite soon she would be experiencing pain in the
  same measure, if not greater, that she had just experienced via an orgasm.  
He had tasted her pussy and its juice and it was good. He knew he had lulled
  her into a sense of wellness despite her captive position. Now it was time
  to show her the other end of the spectrum. He picked up a cattle prod and rammed
  it deep into her pussy. LardAss took another cattle prod and rammed it into
  her ass hole. The young victim had kind of been all right when the rod was
  inserted in her pussy. The roughness of it had startled her but her pussy was
  so greasy and still quivering from excitement and she had assumed that more
  great sex was about to happen.  
The rod in her ass was a different story. Nothing but turds had ever passed
  through her anal ring. This was an invasion that hurt tremendously and in no
  way had any sexual overtones to it. As it was buried deep in her bowels, cramps
  overwhelmed her that were a thousand times stronger than any she had experienced
  with her period. She was really scared now!  
He and LardAss simultaneously pushed the buttons on their prods and held
  the buttons down for fifteen seconds. The young girl experienced the most ferocious
  pain she had ever imagined! She had nothing in her memory bank to tell her
  what this was and so she experienced lightning bolts in her sex and guts and
  her brain could not process the pain. She thought she was in hell! Her smooth,
  flat, young tummy was heaving and convulsing. Her fat layered ass cheeks were
  jiggling up and down in time to the electricity. Her short pussy hair straightened
  out completely as her pussy lips heaved in and out. When they finally let up
  her bosom was heaving and sweat coated her young skin.  
She was sobbing and the good sex she had experienced was a distant memory.
  Then, he and LardAss began alternating. He would hit it for five seconds, let
  up, LardAss would hit it for five seconds and let up. The young girl was reduced
  to a sobbing, sweating, convulsing lump of sub-human flesh that begged only
  for relief &ndash; even if it was in the form of death. Her giant nipples were
  extended to unbelievable lengths in response to the bolts of electricity.  
This was not a good thing for her. He reached down and, as LardAss held her
  firm, he pierced each nipple with huge deep-sea fishing hooks. The pain was
  so quick and sharp that she had trouble distinguishing the piercing from electricity.
  She was squirming as she tried to find relief from the sharp pain in her tender    young
  nipples. Relief was not to be found.  
He had secured nylon cords to the huge fishhooks and he backed up about ten
  feet from her hanging body. Then he began pulling on the cords to cause her
  body to swing forward. When it had reached the point where he felt the hooks
  would rip through her nipples he let up on the tug on the cords. Her body fell
  back down and beyond the perpendicular position. He kept up this rhythm until
  soon her body was swinging like the pendulum on a grandfather clock. The pain
  in her nipples was unbelievably intense and she was sobbing relentlessly beneath
  the hood. The cruel thing about being blinded was she could not anticipate
  the pain and it always caught her off guard.  
LardAss was on the opposite side of her pendulum swing, smoking a huge Cuban
  cigar. Whenever the young girl's swinging motion would come to her, LardAss
  would touch the smoldering end of the cigar to the young lady's' back. Now
  the girl was in a quandary emotionally. One swing of her body would result
  in her nipples being pulled inhumanly, the other swing of her body would bring
  her in contact with the burning cigar. As she screamed silently in agony, her
  mind began to check out. She finally, forgivingly, lost consciousness.  
When she regained consciousness she was upright, secured to the wall in such
  a manner that her legs were spread wide and her arms were above her head, also
  spread wide. Her back was in terrible pain as the burns pressed against the
  wall. The hood was off and she could see. However, she almost wished she couldn't
  see. Standing before her were two naked people &ndash; a man and a woman. She
  had never seen a man's penis before and she wished this wasn't the first one
  she saw. It was ugly! Short, hugely thick, an incredible bulbous head, standing
  erect with the piss slit looking directly at her. As her eyes focused, she
  realized his sack was even uglier than his dick. It was massive, obscene, covered
  with a thick mat of black, curly hair. One ball almost hung to his knees.  
" God,"  she wondered, " how do men ever convince  women
      to have sex?"   
The woman was even worse. She was a bit overweight with thick cellulite thighs
  and a scraggly bush. She had scars all over her body. The captive took stock
  of her own situation and it was not good. Her nipples hurt like crazy. She
  didn't know that while she was unconscious he had snipped the barbs off of
  the fishhooks and backed them out of her swollen nipples. Her pussy and ass
  were still tender from the electric shocks. Her ankles were still tender from
  the bindings that had supported her upside down. She knew she was in trouble.  
He introduced his mate by saying, " This is  LardAss.
      You don't need to know my name. I've admired your swollen sex mound and
      from this day  hence you will be known as 'PuffPussy'.
      Always respond to it or you will be severely punished. You are here for  my
      pleasure. My pleasure is sex and your pain. LardAss is here to help me
      achieve those goals."    
   
PuffPussy began sobbing. The closest thing she had experienced to sex was
  the one time she masturbated with a vibrator that she found in her mother's
  bureau drawer. She had experienced an orgasm that time and it was so exciting
  that she knew it had to be sinful. Furthermore, she had ruptured her hymen
  that one time and as the blood flowed she figured that God was punishing her
  for having such an exciting experience.  
Like any typical young teenage girl with fantasies of love she had determined
  from that day forward to wait for the man she loved. Now all of that was down
  the drain. Furthermore, she could not imagine someone using her to exhort pain.
  All parts of her body were tremendously sore and now this bastard was telling
  her there would be more.  
PuffPussy saw LardAss grin and the young girl's eyes were drawn to the teeth
  with their huge gaps in the middle. She speculated on what had happened and
  decided that was information she didn't want to acquire. She watched in disbelief,
  as LardAss wanted over to the toilet, laid in front of it on her back with
  her head dangling over the rim. LardAss opened her mouth wide. He walked over
  and straddled her body with his dick hanging over her mouth. Then, LardAss
  reached up with one hand and took hold of his penis. Suddenly, a solid yellow
  stream erupted from his piss slit. LardAss directed his dick in such a way
  that the piss went directly into her mouth. Some of it splashed over her face
  and into the toilet bowl. Most of it went into her mouth and disappeared.  
As PuffPussy watched the horrible scene she could see from the movement in
  LardAss' throat that she was actually swallowing his pee! And, she was obviously
  enjoying it. He finally finished after what seemed an eternity and drops were
  falling off of his purple dick head. LardAss shook his dick, milked it, and
  squeezed the last remaining drops from his dick. She had to move her head quickly
  to capture the final drops in her mouth.  
He turned his head and said to PuffPussy, " This is what happens
      to someone I consider a  compatriot. Can you imagine
      what will happen to someone such as you, whom I don't give a shit about?"   
   
PuffPussy's eyes rolled back into her head and an arching scream flew from
  her vocal chords. She knew that she had descended into a personal hell that
  was beyond belief.  
PuffPussy saw him and LardAss walking toward her. They were each carrying
  a strange apparatus that at first she did not recognize. Then as they came
  closer she realized that they were weed trimmers such as she had seen her parents'
  gardener use. She did not know enough about them to realize how they operated.
  These were Black &amp; Decker cordless trimmers that whirled a strand of nylon
  in a high velocity circle. The nylon cords were 1/8&quot; in diameter and rotated
  at an incredibly high velocity. Supposedly they could cut down quite thick
  weeds. He had redesigned them so that the cords extended about twenty inches
  from the rotating head. He and LardAss each had one.  
She began on PuffPussy's left ankle &ndash; he began on the right. Suddenly
  PuffPussy realized that she was going to be whipped by battery driven machines.
  The high-velocity cords cut into her ankles and began working their way up.
  She was screaming but the machines could not hear her screams. The cutting
  cords were now up to her creamy young thighs and were showing no mercy. The
  two operators had finally gotten to the juncture of the thighs and pussy and
  they stopped to give their arms a rest. Countless vicious red stripes had blotched
  her skin and all of the muscles beneath were twitching in response to this
  cruel attack.  
He and LardAss looked at the tender pussy with its thin layer of pussy hair
  and they both got the same idea at the same time. Why not use the weed trimmers
  to remove this vegetation? He indicated that he would remove the right side
  of her cunt hair and leave the rest for her. PuffPussy was now begging.  
She said, " I don't know that much  about
      sex but I'll do anything you ask &ndash; please don't do it there!"   
    
He said, " e will teach you about sex.  And,
      you'll do anything we ask anyway &ndash; look at your position &ndash; you
      have no bargaining power you stupid fucking cunt!"   
She was crying now in huge wails that reverberated off of the walls. Her
  legs were on fire from the weed trimmer and she couldn't even begin to imagine
  what it would feel like on her young pussy. She was trembling in spite of the
  restrictions of her bonds. He pushed the button on the trimmer, the electric
  motor rose to its peak hum, and the unrelenting cords touched one side of her
  pussy. She screamed in agony. The air was filled with flying pussy hair. Her
  screams had become screeches. He was now down to the hair around her pussy
  lips and they were on fire as the flying cord hit them square in the middle.  
Quickly, the right side of her pussy was completely bald. However, she did
  not have time to develop any relief when he quit because LardAss began her
  work immediately on the other side of the pain-ridden pussy. LardAss was not
  as neat as he was. She let the cord dig deeply into the tender flesh and pussy
  hair once again filled the air. When she finished there were deeper red stripes
  on the bald pussy. PuffPussy was crying with deep sobs as snot ran unrelentlessly
  from her nostrils. The slimy stuff was seeping into her mouth and dripping
  to her large nipples. She was emitting strange sounds that might have been
  words or might have been animal grunts. He and LardAss admired their work.
  He reached up and tweaked one of her still-sore nipples.  
He said, " Now we're ready to work on these imaginary tits. I  imagine
      that your recently pierced nipples will be quite tender. Do you want us
      to continue upward or, are  you ready to negotiate
      to trade that action for other action of our choosing?"   
She instantly nodded her head ' yes'  over and over
  and grunted out words that might have been " Yes &ndash; yes &ndash; yes!"   
LardAss released her bindings and the young thing collapsed in a heap of
  damaged flesh. The fronts of her thighs were raw, her pussy was worse, her
  back was covered in vicious cigar burns. Her chest and sides were heaving as
  her body tried to suck in enough oxygen to meet the needs of the sobs that
  were racking her body.  
He told her, " The only part of you that isn't scarred is your
      young ass and your imaginary tits! If you obey, you may &ndash; and I mean   may   avoid
      having those areas damaged! Think about  it!"   
   
He and LardAss left her there in a pile of forlorn sobbing as they exited
  the room.  
They watched her through the one-way mirror as she tried to pull herself
  together. She tried to crawl to the wall and screamed every time her brutalized
  legs touched the floor. She finally managed to get to the wall where she tried
  to sit with her back leaning against the wall. Her badly burned back hit the
  wall and she screamed again. She tried to roll over on to her side and that,
  finally, gave her some relief from direct contact on to damaged parts of her
  skin. Her arm brushed against her nipple and pain from the previous piercing
  shot through to her brain again. This time she was too tired to scream. She
  just sort of moaned as she tried to determine how she was going to survive
  all of this. She hurt and she hurt badly. Worst of all, she knew there was
  more to come.  
He and LardAss went to another portion of the house where a complete gym
  was set up. There, LardAss spotted for him as he did a full two-hour workout.
  When he was finished, sweat was gushing from every pore and man odor was filling
  the room.  
He and LardAss then returned to the resting captive to begin the next phase
  of her training. He told her she had a choice. She could lick his balls and
  suck his dick, or, they would begin again with the punishment part of her workout.
  She could smell him from several feet away. Her throat gagged at the thought
  of touching any part of him with her tongue and mouth, let alone his ugly,
  awesome sex. Yet she had no choice. She began crawling over to him where she
  knelt so that her face was only inches from his sex. The smell was overwhelming.  
LardAss reached around to his front, took hold of his huge sack, lifted it
  up and said, " You can begin by licking the underside of his balls."   
   
PuffPussy looked at the bottom side of the wrinkly scrotum and saw sweat
  glistening on the surface. She moved her face forward and tentatively stuck
  out her tongue. Just as it was inches from his sack, LardAss took her other
  hand, grasped the back of the young bitch's head and mashed her face into the
  waiting set of balls. PuffPussy's nose was buried between the two balls into
  a sea of sweaty, pubic hair and soft, wrinkly skin. She wanted to throw up.
  The smell and the taste were worse than any thing else she had ever experienced.  
He whispered , "You better begin licking!"   
   
Reluctantly her tongue began swabbing the sweat-filled canvas of human sex
  skin. It was even more atrocious then she imagined. Yet, somehow she kept her
  bile down and managed to clean the underside of his scrotum. LardAss released
  her hold on his balls and they formed themselves around PuffPussy's nose and
  face. Then LardAss used her hold on PuffPussy's head to slowly pull her head
  back. As she did, his sack gradually crawled, like a giant obscene caterpillar
  across her nose, her lips and her chin until the balls plopped on to her throat,
  just beneath her chin.  
Then, PuffPussy felt her face being pushed forward and once again her nose
  and mouth were immersed in a sea of man sex. She continued licking, feeling
  the brush of this thick pubic hair against her lips, tongue, and inner mouth.
  She was openly weeping now but she managed to continue licking. Through all
  of this his thick dick was resting on her forehead, leaking pre-cum on to her
  tender brow.  
As she finished with his balls, LardAss said, " Now the dick, bitch!"   
   
PuffPussy looked up and wondered how in the hell she was ever going to get
  that thing in her mouth. Somehow, if possible, the smell had gotten worse with
  the emission of his pre-cum. The huge purple head was throbbing like an obscene
  blob from a cheap sci-fi movie. Yet, she managed to tilt her head and take
  the entire end in her virgin mouth. She knew about oral sex but she had never
  pictured herself putting a man's piss tool in her own mouth. It simply seemed
  to her that it was the same as using her mouth as a toilet stool. Now she was
  doing it!  
LardAss again mashed her head forward and PuffPussy felt the entire tool
  fill her mouth and stretch her lips and cheeks to their maximum elasticity.
  His piss slit was rubbing the back of her throat and she instinctively began
  sucking and working her tongue. She felt the huge vein on the side of his dick
  pump ferociously on the inside of her cheek. LardAss was creating back and
  forth motion with her grasp on the back of PuffPussy's head. The young captive
  realized she was being forced to masturbate this bastard with her mouth.  
She felt his dick begin to throb, the head begin to swell, and his balls
  begin to expand as    they massaged the outside of her
  throat. Suddenly a geyser of thick cream erupted in her mouth and throat and
  she felt as though she were drowning. Her eyes widened as she realized the
  cum seemed to have no end. The inside of her mouth was coated with the thick,
  salty stuff and, in spite of herself, she was swallowing it. Now her lips were
  instinctively milking his tool and drops were forming in his dick head and
  leaking into her mouth. Finally, with relief, he was finished and she had swallowed
  it all. Her lips hurt from being stretched so much and she looked forward now
  to having him withdraw. But, he didn't withdraw .    
   
"What the hell is he doing now?"  she thought.  
Then she heard him grunting and felt his stomach straining against her face.
  Too late she realized what was going to happen. He began pissing! In her mouth!
  LardAss was mashing her head forward and there was no escape! His heavy piss
  was flooding her mouth! She couldn't help it &ndash; she was actually swallowing
  much of it! However, there was too much piss and some of it was escaping around
  his dick and rolling out her mouth on to her chin and then down to her nipples,
  her stomach and her crotch.  
She lost control of her emotions. She lost her humanity! She was making glubbing
  sounds as she tried to escape from that which had no escape. She had descended
  into a pit that was well below humanity and even the animal kingdom. She was
  a toilet that needed no flushing! When he finally finished there was yellow
  liquid everywhere &ndash; in her, on her, and around her.  
LardAss pulled the young captive's face away. Then, LardAss performed the
  coup de gr&#7853;ce on the victim's emotions. LardAss bent down and planted
  her lips directly on to the lips of PuffPussy. PuffPussy felt the tongue invade
  her mouth and realized the bitch was frenching her. Furthermore, she was using
  her tongue to lick the coated insides of her mouth. LardAss was licking piss
  and cum from the receptacle that had just been flooded. PuffPussy no longer
  had any resistance remaining. She was a willing victim and participant and
  she reciprocated and stuck her tongue into the skaggly attacker.  
She thought, " My God &ndash;  what have I
      become?"   
He decided it was time to ratchet things up a bit. He had prepared two special
  pins. They were slightly more than an inch long, 1/8&quot; in diameter and
  made of soft copper. Spiral grooves were machined on to their exterior. The
  ends were pointed. LardAss grasped one of PuffPussy's nipples and he slowly
  inserted the pin into the hole that had been formed from the previous fish
  hook piercing. The hole was not nearly as large as the pin so he rotated the
  pin as it was inserted, causing it to actually create threads in the hole in
  her nipple.  
She screeched violently as the copper pin stretched the hole to a new painful
  diameter. He repeated the process with the other nipple. The pain was intense
  and she was begging them to give her relief.  
" Please &ndash; please &ndash; I'll do anything &ndash; just take
      them out of me!"  she begged.  
He and LardAss both laughed heartily and he told her that he had not even
  begun. He then took two strong spring clips and placed them over each nipple
  so that the clips anchored each pin through her tender nipple meat. Now she
  was screaming and completely out of control. She was still on her knees and
  the pain in her legs was also intense as the floor rubbed against her newly
  scarred legs. Yet, this pain was so overshadowed by the new pain in her nipples
  that she didn't even feel what was happening to the lower part of her body.  
LardAss had moved behind PuffPussy and had grasped each of her wrists and
  was pulling her arms straight behind her. This pushed her immature tits forward
  and put even more pressure on her savaged nipples. In this position PuffPussy
  had no leverage and couldn't make any movement to escape further assaults.
  He then took two copper wires and attached them to the copper pins that were
  in her nipples. The wires were connected to a transformer that had formerly
  been used for an old Lionel model train set. The transformer had a moveable
  lever that increased the voltage as it was rotated so as to increase the speed
  of the train for which it had been intended. Now, it had a new use.  
He moved the lever slightly and electricity began to flow through her captive
  nipples. She screamed violently and tried to get her arms out of the grasp
  of LardAss. It was to no avail. He began rotating the lever to its maximum
  position and now a full load of electricity was pulsating into the tenderest
  part of her body. Goosebumps now painted a picture of pain over the entire
  canvas of her skin. In contrast, sweat erupted from every pore. Her tongue
  was poking out    of her mouth and retreating in a constant
  cycle of agony. The muscles in her arms and legs were twitching. Finally, after
  a minute that seemed like a century, he closed down the switch. Her muscles
  relaxed into uncontrollable tremors.  
He said, " If you obey me I will not turn the electricity back
      on. If you  fail to obey, I will turn it on and leave
      the room! Do you understand?"   
   
She quickly nodded her head with so much vigor that her hair was falling
  into her eyes and then was whipping itself back to the top of her head. He
  told her that LardAss was going to release her arms and she was to cup her
  hands together in front of her body. She quickly nodded her head in assent.
  At that , LardAss released her hold and PuffPussy instantly cupped her hands
  in front of her chest to form a human chalice.  
He said, "Don't move lest you will suffer unbelievable pain!"   
She nodded her head once. He turned and hunkered down until his hairy ass
  was directly over her cupped hands. This was directly in front of her line
  of sight and it was the ugliest scene she had ever viewed. She saw a hairy
  ass hole and then the backside of ugly, hairy, wrinkled balls. Finally, the
  smell was overwhelming. She did not move a muscle. The scene would quickly
  become uglier and more fragrant. He began grunting and a long, thin, perfectly
  shaped torpedo of a turd flowed from his shit hole directly into her cupped
  hands. LardAss had placed her hands over the still-sore nipples and squeezed
  them quickly in warning of what could happen. PuffPussy kept her hands cupped
  and watched the turd swirl into a pile on her fifteen-year-old hands. The smell
  was now really overwhelming. He finished with a satisfying fart, raised up,
  and looked at his slave kneeling in front of him with her hands cupped around
  the pile of his shit as though she was in some kind of religious ceremony.  
He moved his hand to the transformer and said, " You have two minutes
      to eat my shit, or, you can eat the  electricity!"   
   
Tears filled her eyes and her lips twitched in response to the degradation
  she had experienced and yet was going to get even deeper. She looked at the
  turd in her hand and his hand on the lever of the transformer. She felt LardAss'
  hands gripping her wounded nipples. Slowly, slowly, slowly, her hands moved
  upward, bringing the shit to her mouth. She felt bile rising in her gullet.
  She felt her stomach and diaphragm retching. Her lips opened slightly. Now,
  the turd was closer to her lips. His hand was starting to move the lever. He
  told LardAss to get ready to remove her hands from the nipples lest she get
  shocked also.  
PuffPussy moved the turd until it was just a cunt hair away from her lips.
  Then, in one quick pecking motion, her teeth sank into the muck, chomped out
  a firm bite, pulled the bite into her mouth and she swallowed in one motion.
  It was a thousand times worse then she had imagined. The smell, the taste,
  the texture &ndash; it definitely tasted like shit. It went down smooth but
  with great agony to her soul. She looked at the shit with the missing chunk,
  lying in her hands. She could still feel some of the shit in her teeth.  
He said, " You have 87 seconds remaining!"   
   
She glanced again at his hand on the lever and her mind brought back the
  image of what it felt like to have her body destroyed by electricity. She made
  her decision. She dived into the pile of shit and ravaged it with her mouth.
  Shit was everywhere on her face. It was stuck to her teeth and the roof of
  her mouth. It was penetrating every sense of her body. Her face had become
  a sewer. Yet, she swallowed it all until only a brown scum coated her hands.  
He said with no mercy, " Lick  the bowl clean."   
   
She did not hesitate as she stuck out her tongue and licked her hands as
  though they contained the finest Dutch chocolate imaginable. He turned around,
  bent forward, stuck out his ass to display his ass hole that had yet to be
  cleaned from his bowel movement into her hands.  
He said to LardAss , "Show her what she will become!"   
   
LardAss immediately leaned forward and began licking his ass hole clean.
  She did it in such a way that it was obvious she had great experience at this.
  Her tongue swished knowingly in every nuance of his ass to remove any remnants
  of shit. Furthermore, she was smiling while she did it and not even hinting
  that it was a gagging experience for her. When LardAss had finished she cocked
  her head to look at the shit-laden face of PuffPussy. LardAss moved to the
  virginal face and began licking it like a mother cat to her kitten. PuffPussy
  felt the strong, wet tongue moving over all of the skin of her face and was
  awe-struck.  
" How could anyone actually enjoy licking shit?"  she    wondered.  
When LardAss finished, PuffPussy's face was as clean as a newborn baby and
  LardAss was    completing the task by licking her own
  scummy lips. PuffPussy was broken as she felt the turd rolling in her stomach
  and the smell filling every single sinus cavity.  
He and LardAss looked down with curiosity at their new prize. They both realized
  that she was completely broken. They could now do anything they wanted with
  her and she would offer no resistance. After many such experiences in training
  with previous captives they knew this was only part one of their training program.
  Now, they had to take her to a point where she actually enjoyed and anticipated
  all sexual adventures. Even more important, she had to be brought to a point
  where she enjoyed the receiving of pain and degradation as the acts became
  an ecstasy that she completely desired. Thus was to begin part two of the training
  of a sex/pain toy.  
They grabbed each arm of the broken-spirited PuffPussy, lifted her, and carried
  her over to the exam table. They laid her down on her back and she groaned
  slightly as her burned back rubbed against the Naugahyde cushion. They oriented
  her so that her legs were in the stirrups and her ass hung over the edge. Her
  lower regions were amply displayed. Since she was so completely broken they
  decided that she did not need to be secured. He hooked wires up to the copper
  pins that were in her nipples. LardAss got down on her knees before the open,
  raised pussy and clamped her lips down around the pussy lips. PuffPussy moved
  slightly but did not respond any further.  
LardAss began her work at that which she was so well experienced. Her tongue
  was working the labia, her lips were massaging all the external pussy parts,
  and her mouth was sucking vigorously. Then her lips moved to the now-aroused
  clit and began working magic on it. PuffPussy began to respond as her chest
  started heaving and her pussy began throbbing. LardAss knew more about how
  to make a woman's pussy respond than any person alive. And, she was giving
  it her best. Now PuffPussy was groaning as sexual thrills inundated her body.
  And, as her body began enjoying the sex he began administering low-voltage
  levels to her throbbing nipples. PuffPussy could not make any distinction between
  the electricity and the senses that were being stirred by LardAss lips, tongue,
  and teeth. Soon, PuffPussy was groaning even louder and he was increasing the
  electricity to her charged nipples with even more voltage. Now, PuffPussy was
  raising her hips from the edge of the table &ndash; throwing her cunt at LardAss'
  face. LardAss was also getting turned on and she had moved one hand down to
  her own pussy and was exciting herself in equal measure.  
LardAss' tongue was a machine that had no limits and had the endurance of
  a marathon runner. PuffPussy was experiencing an orgasm and shouting at the
  same time as he was now sending huge pulses of electricity to her stricken
  nipples. It actually contributed to the orgasm and started bringing in multiple
  spasms of sexual release. Electricity &ndash; tongue &ndash; pussy &ndash; clit:
  it was all one conglomeration of sexual thrills that were taking her to a mountaintop
  she had never climbed before.  
Now she was screaming: " Do me &ndash; do me &ndash; do  me!
      More &ndash; more &ndash; more! Oh, God &ndash; hurt my nipples &ndash; rip
      them from my body &ndash; bite my clit &ndash; shove  your
      tongue in my sex!!!"    
   
When LardAss finally quit, the young pussy was coated in the type of fresh
  pussy juice that only a fifteen-year old could produce. PuffPussy's nipples
  were bright red and engorged with blood excitement that made them larger than
  would have seemed possible. The copper pins were still warm from the electricity
  that had been sent through them. PuffPussy's stomach was heaving as her diaphragm
  tried to collect more oxygen for the ordeal she had just experienced. She was
  bathed with perspiration. Her hands were clenching and unclenching. Her legs
  were off the stirrups and pointing straight up and open wide as she felt cool
  air moving over her drenched pussy.  
Her ordeal had only just begun. His dick was at full mast &ndash; short but
  engorged to an inhuman diameter. His dick head was an excited purple and as
  shiny as the chrome on a toaster. He was ready to fuck. He moved around and
  without warning plunged his dick into the waiting pussy. It went in easily
  with its own lubrication and he buried it to the hilt. His pubic bone was crushing
  her clit. PuffPussy cried out with surprise and glee.  
He quickly began working his hips as his dick became a drill, plunging in
  and out of the young cunt. Each time his pubic bone struck her clit, LardAss
  administered heavy dosages of electricity to her impaled nipples, and, she
  cried out with yelps of pleasure that only motivated him more. His dick was
  now moving with unbelievable speed and    she was again
  experiencing multiple orgasms. She was crying &ndash; laughing &ndash; begging &ndash; even
  berating him for not giving her more dick. With each cry and each orgasm the
  intensity of the electricity was increased by LardAss.  
LardAss knew him well enough to sense when he was going to cum. In an incredible
  display of timing &ndash; the moment his dick erupted into giant geysers of
  cum, LardAss set the electricity to its max and shot it into the waiting nipples.
  His cum was driving to the depths of PuffPussy's cunt, and the young captive's
  nipples were vibrating in tune to the hum that was being created by the copper
  pins. PuffPussy felt pain and sex at the same time and she could not distinguish
  between them &ndash; she only wanted as much as could be delivered to her young
  body.  
Her spirit to resist, that had formerly been eliminated, had now changed
  to a spirit that said , "Do it to me &ndash; pain &ndash; sex &ndash; it's  all
  the same and I must have it!"   
   
In one giant session of sex and electricity they had converted her to the
  toy they wanted. She was now ready for business!  
PuffPussy was hanging from her arms that were secured to pulleys in the ceiling.
  Her feet were only a few inches from the floor. In this position, the scant
  tissue of her boobs was completely flattened. However, her areolas and nipples
  were gorged with blood as sexual excitement was running rampant throughout
  her body. A huge vibrator was secured in her young pussy and it was going full
  bore. In this case, &quot;full bore&quot; really meant something because he
  had re-designed the electronics to give it an unbelievable rotating speed.
  It was humming! The large head on the dildo was slightly off center so it was
  vigorously massaging the inside of her love tunnel. A slight protrusion at
  the base was moving in and out with unrelenting speed as it stroked her clit.
  She was lit up!  
Orgasms were overwhelming her in a torrential downpour of sexual pleasure.
  She was groaning and moaning as her body responded, begged for more and, yet,
  begged for an ending to this infinity of sexual gratification. He and LardAss
  were standing to each side of their prize, each with a riding crop in their
  hand. They were trying to get in tune with the rhythm of the pulsating vibrator.
  They were dipping their bodies in time to the machine and suddenly they knew
  they had. it. He let loose with a mighty swipe of the crop and caught her square
  across her right nipple.  
She screamed in agony and yet said, " Give me more!"   
   
Before she could finish the sentence, LardAss let loose with a swipe and
  caught the young left nipple. More screaming! Then, the two of them were alternating
  blows like lumberjacks chopping a tree, as stripes were appearing all over
  the area of her phantom tits. As she screamed, her clit was still sending messages
  of sexual announcements to her brain. She was screaming and begging for more
  at the same time.  
The crops were a blur of motion as stripes appeared all over her nipples
  and chest. They moved downward and began working on her teenage, flat tummy.
  It responded with quivers and she kept begging for more. Now they moved around
  and began laying into her beautiful ass. It was jiggling from the force of
  their blows and her hips were moving in all directions &ndash; responding to
  the force of the blows and the effects of the device in her snatch.  
With an amazing show of strength she was raising her legs and using their
  motion to actually swing her body into the blows of the crops. Blood was seeping
  from an endless score of stripes on her tits, stomach, and ass. She was now
  a screaming hulk of female flesh crying out for punishment and sex at the same
  time. Soon, all three bodies were drenched in sweat from the exertion of the
  unbelievable beating.  
They were now in the front and back of her suspended body. He demanded that
  PuffPussy spread her legs. She responded immediately. Now he and LardAss were
  slashing uppercuts of riding crop blows to the area between her legs. LardAss
  was coming up into the tender area of her anus and the crack that fell between
  the two marvelous cheeks. He was bringing uppercuts of riding crop blows to
  her vibrating pussy as it was now being affected from within and without. When
  they finally quit they were huffing and puffing with the incredible amount
  of exertion they had expended. There was not a spot of skin on her body from
  her shoulders to her ankles that had not been struck.  
The batteries on the vibrator were finally wearing out and her pussy was
  finally coming to rest. Drool was flowing from her mouth, snot from her nostrils,
  a black fluid from her ass hole, a creamy substance was forming around the
  dildo at the entrance to her love tunnel, and blood was slowly seeping to the
  floor. She was expended. She had nothing else to give at the moment.  
As he continued to breathe hard he informed her that there was one more series
  of events to which she must be subjected. She looked inquiringly at him. He
  told her that her ass hole had yet to be used. He went on to explain that she
  would not be complete until they had attacked her ass hole up to her bowels.  
He said, " A whole New World is about to open up to you!"   
   
She had no idea! PuffPussy was dealing with a thousand thoughts that were
  going through her brain &ndash; the brain of a fifteen-year old girl. This
  unnamed man had given her sexual gratification that she had never known could
  exist outside of a cheap, paperback romance novel. She thought she even might
  be in love with him. This shocked her as she thought about his wrinkly, ugly
  balls and his fence post of a dick. Yet, it was this huge dick that was so
  responsible for her sexual feelings. Her tight pussy loved being massaged on
  the inside by his clever tool that seemed to know every button to push.  
And, she had discovered that she enjoyed pain. The pain was a close relative
  to sexual feelings and she actually craved his attention when he was immersed
  in placing her under great physical pain. She still was not acclimated to the
  idea of eating shit and drinking piss. That was really icky! Yet, she had watched
  LardAss ingest these things with great pleasure. So, she gathered, they must
  be an acquired taste. And she would do everything in her power to acquire this
  taste if it would please him.  
Yet, she was bothered by the notion that he was going to use her ass hole.
  Two years ago, she and her cousin Judy and explored each other's bodies out
  of curiosity. She still remembered how tender and tiny an ass hole could look.
  During the exploration her cousin had suggested that they kiss each other's
  sex area. She had declined with great disdain for such a revolting notion.
  Now she was doing things with LardAss that she would have never dreamed about
  doing before! She hoped he didn't want to stick his thick dick in her poopy
  hole. She could picture tearing skin and what painful bowel movements would
  take place after such abuse.  
She looked over and saw he and LardAss wrapped up in a position they called
  the &quot;69&quot; position. She was somewhat jealous as she saw him attacking
  LardAss' pussy with his mouth. She hoped he would do that to her instead of
  following through on his words about her ass hole.  
" God,"   she thought, " I think I'm in love
      with this old son-of-a-bitch!"  as her pussy twitched and wetted
      itself with sex drops.  
He used LardAss' mouth to prepare his dick. It was rock solid and dripping
  with her saliva. He stood up and walked toward PuffPussy with his tool leading
  the way. PuffPussy thought she knew what was coming and she began trembling
  with fear and anticipation of a new adventure. He told her to get down on her
  knees, to lay her shoulders on the floor with her ass in the air. She did so
  without hesitation. He approached behind her and got down on his knees, just
  inches from the crack of her fantastic ass.  
LardAss moved over, straddled PuffPussy, facing him. LardAss bent down and
  used her hands to spread the ass that was presented to him. The rosebud beckoned
  him. He used two fingers to scoop a big glob of spit from LardAss' mouth. He
  spread the moisture tenderly on the entrance to PuffPussy's ass. Her butt was
  quivering and she was moaning words that could not be heard. He scooted up
  to the waiting hole and knocked at its entrance with his giant mushroom dick
  head. The ass hole resisted the intrusion. He slowly pushed forward and the
  tip of his dick head invaded the entrance to her bowels. He stopped and let
  it rest there for a long period of time. The ass hole dilated slightly and
  he gave a quick, short lunge and his dick head was past the ring.  
PuffPussy screamed as her ass told her an invasion was taking place. He stopped
  and let things rest for a bit. Her asshole dilated even more. Now with a strong,
  experienced push he buried his dick in the shit tunnel until his pubic hair
  swept the crack and cheeks of her ass. LardAss released her grip on the spread
  cheeks and they snapped shut, making the fit even tighter around his gigantic
  dick. PuffPuss was in terrible pain and she was screeching a high pitched sound
  that rose and fell like the siren on a fire truck.  
His dick was being squeezed on all sides and the feeling was wonderful! He
  began a gentle sawing motion with his hips and his dick became a piston in
  her hole that was causing continuous explosions with her nerve endings. His
  low-hanging balls were swinging like a pendulum and slapping her pussy with
  every thrust. Her pain was being superceded by sexual feelings and she was
  beginning to move her ass in synch with his motions.  
They were one body, moving together in a sexual dance that was bringing both
  of them to a stupendous peak. LardAss had now moved her hands beneath PuffPussy's
  torso and was gently rubbing the young girl's areolas in a circular motion.
  This was sending tingles through the ass virgin's body. He was thrusting harder
  now and was beginning to grunt with every cycle. PuffPussy had completely forgotten
  about any pain and was engrossed in the rapture of the most fantastic experience
  she had ever though possible. She was begging for more dick and was squeezing
  her anal tube to encourage him onward and inward.  
His balls were heaving and crying for release but he was focusing his attention
  and refusing to give any relief to his swinging nuts. LardAss was now caught
  up in the ecstasy that both were experiencing and she was hunkering down to
  rub her well-used pussy on the back of PuffPussy's head. PuffPussy was responding
  by bucking her head upward like a rodeo horse out of control. Pussy juice was
  coating the back of her head and she was trying for more. Her own pussy was
  soaking wet and juice was actually dripping from PuffPussy's cunt on to the
  floor just below. His thighs were screaming from the pain of the effort he
  was requiring of them and, still, he would not give any release to his throbbing
  nuts.  
PuffPussy was coming and screaming! LardAss was coming and screaming! He
  was screaming but he refused to come! His dick seemed as though it was bursting
  through its taunt skin. He drove inward, onward, upward and finally he could
  no longer control it. Huge globs of cum sprang from his dick slit, forging
  its way into her most inner bowels.  
She felt the slick, creamy, man-pudding forcing its way into her most inner
  parts and she cried with the thrill of the moment. She had just experienced
  something that she didn't dream was ever possible. She just knew in her young
  mind that he had boldly gone where no man had gone before. All three of them
  collapsed in a pile of human flesh &ndash; mixing sweat and love juice and
  tears and, most of all, incredible feelings of well being that could have only
  been possible with the sexual experience they had just completed. The two bitches
  were his. He thought of all the things that the future had in store &ndash; shit-eating,
  piss-drinking, enemas, punishment, pain, ecstasy, and fucking!  He
  knew he was the luckiest son-of-a-bitch alive.  
Coming Soon: Chapter IX   CanyonCunt   
 (or &ndash; Exploring the Bottomless Pit)   
   
 Chapter X   BrainyTits   
 (or &ndash; Nobody likes a smartass!)   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter IX   
LardAss and CanyonCunt   
(or &ndash; Nobody Likes a SmartAss)   
He and his two slaves, LardAss and PuffPussy, were admiring their latest
  prize. She was an impressive sight. She was the largest woman they had ever
  seen. She was six foot five inches tall and she carried no body fat. It had
  taken three of his employees to subdue and capture her. And, after the capture,
  they looked like the victims more that she. She had bitten off the ear lobe
  of one of them, she had broken another's nose, and the third was sure that
  she had ruptured his nuts. She was a martial arts expert and she was not to
  be taken lightly. She was hanging from the ceiling with cords around her upstretched
  wrists. Her feet were dangling two feet above the floor. Heavy twenty-five
  pound weights had been tied to each ankle. Even this horrible stretching could
  do nothing to flatten her mammoth tits. They were gigantic! They had to be
  at least quadruple &quot;D&quot; cups and with her muscle development they
  were as perky as a teenager's tits. She was thirty-nine years old and a fitness
  freak. Protruding from the tip of her Mt. Everest breasts were nature's cruel
  joke. Her nipples and areolas were incredibly teeny. They would have been more
  appropriate on the chest of a small boy.  
Her three captors circled her and were awe-struck by what they saw. The ass
  protruded like two giant mounds and it was all muscle. Her thighs rippled.
  Her stomach was flat and, because she had never had children, it showed no
  hint of any paunch. Her black pubic hair was so thick and covered such an expanse
  that it was like looking down at the Amazon jungle. It promised great things
  behind its solid covering. Oddly enough, there was also a thick mass of black
  hair covering each armpit. Her nose was flared with anger as she tried to curse
  them through the tape that covered her sensual lips.  
Despite the muscularity of her body, her face was that of an angel. In contradiction
  to the black hair that covered her private parts, the hair on her head was
  a flowing blonde color that stretched halfway down her back. She had also dyed
  her eyebrows so that, when she was clothed, she simply looked like an incredibly
  large and attractive blonde. She was a lesbian. She had fucked men but their
  dicks had been so inconsequential that she found man-fucking a complete bore
  and waste of time.  
As her captors would soon discover, her cunt was gigantic! It would be the
  source of her new slave name that would be bestowed upon her, &quot;CanyonCunt&quot;.
  She watched them warily as they circled her. The young girl(PuffPussy) she
  dismissed quickly. The bitch had a massive pubic mound but no tits. CanyonCunt
  liked tits she could grab on to and twist and manipulate. On the other hand,
  the other bitch &ndash; LardAss, held promise. She was fairly large, with scars
  and brands all over her body. She was sloppy looking but CanyonCunt could tell
  from the gleam in her eye that LardAss liked sex games and she liked them rough.
  The man was also somewhat intriguing to her. Although he was six inches shorter
  than she, his dick interested her more than any other dick she had ever seen.
  It wasn't very long but it had a girth that defied the laws of human genetics.
  It was a fence post &ndash; no, a stubby telephone pole. It was fully erect
  and the huge mushroom, purple head cried out to be buried in her cavernous
  cunt. It was the first dick she had ever seen that she thought she might want
  in her pussy.  
However, in the meantime, she was terribly angry. She was trussed up, naked,
  and for the first time in her life, completely vulnerable. The heavy weights
  attached to her ankles prevented her from lifting her feet to try for a karate
  kick. He had been behind her, admiring her prominent ass, and he slowly walked
  around to her front. As he came into view, without warning, he delivered a
  tremendous right hand punch to her mid-section. It caught her off guard and
  yet it barely affected her. His boxer fist felt as though it had hit a stone
  wall. He thought he might have heard a tiny grunt behind the tape that covered
  her mouth.  
Instead of pain and fear that should have shone in her eyes, she gave him
  a look of total disdain that momentarily befuddled him. He smiled. This would
  be an interesting challenge. He continued to circle her and her eyes followed
  him until he disappeared behind her. As he stood behind her, admiring her great
  ass, he used both hands to grasp each cheek. He tried to pull her ass cheeks
  apart but she clenched them so tightly that he was unable to spread them. He
  was shocked! Her ass cheeks were stronger than his hands and arms. He knew
  that she was smiling inwardly and mocking him.  
He directed his two bitches to bring out the electronic equipment. He moved
  around to her front and began tweaking her nipples. They hardened from the
  arousal but even in an engorged state they were terribly tiny. However, they
  were large enough that he was able to fasten alligator clips to each nipple.
  She started a little bit at the pain caused by their copper teeth but she quickly
  put that pain aside.  
The clips were connected by copper wires to his electric train transformer.
  He immediately ratcheted it up to its peak power and slammed electricity into
  her nipples as they peeked out from her mammoth tits.  
She twitched a bit but her eyebrows simply raised in a mocking look that
  seemed to say, " Who gives a shit!"   
He left the electricity on for eleven minutes and her body simply twitched
  as a thin layer of perspiration broke out over her body. But, she took it with
  no seeming amount of distress. Finally the wires attached to the clips began
  heating from the resistance of the flow of electricity and they actually burned
  in two and fell to the floor. The tension in CanyonCunt's body subsided and
  she continued to stare at him with no apparent reaction.  
PuffPussy and LardAss were shocked! They had never seen such a display of
  courage before and they wondered if he had met his match. He sensed their feelings
  and vowed to himself that the next test would be one in which she failed miserably
  and painfully.  
He brought out his latest creation, a branding iron made from two horseshoes.
  The horseshoes had been turned on their side so that they formed two letter &quot;C's&quot; &ndash; one
  slightly overlaying the other. They looked huge but he knew they would fit
  nicely on her huge slab of an ass. The new arrival watched nervously as he
  began heating them with a butane torch. Soon they were glowing fiery red and
  the air around them was causing distortions of light as vapors radiated outward.
  He kept the torch applied to the end of the brand as he slowly moved behind
  her.  
She was now afraid &ndash; very afraid. She sensed what was coming and, unfortunately,
  she was correct in her deduction. He suddenly, viciously, slammed the brand
  into the side of her left ass cheek. Her skin and muscle sizzled as the letters &quot;C&quot; were
  burned into her body. She tried to shriek behind the tape but only mumbled
  grunts were forthcoming. Smoke was filling the room &ndash; smoke from her
  burning flesh.  
He kept the brand pressed to her skin and the brand burned its way deeper
  and deeper into her body. When he finally removed it, patches of charred flesh
  were attached to the metal of the brand. She was marked forever in a painful
  scar that would cause incredible pain for weeks to come. Tears were now flowing
  from her eyes and she was trying to move her body. However, the bonds on her
  arms and the weight on her ankles prevented even her muscular body from moving.
  He had finally gotten her attention.  
PuffPussy and LardAss were so smitten by the sight that they fell to the
  floor and began immediately eating each other's pussy directly in front of
  the captive. As they began overcoming each other with orgasms he walked over
  to their prone bodies and began kicking them ferociously in their sides. They
  absorbed the blows and never quit eating each other. CanyonCunt watched this
  display of human degradation and would have been intrigued by the entire scene
  had she not been trying to deal with the tremendous pain in her ass.  
She thought, "My God &ndash; I've descended into an insane asylum!"   
   
His foot finally began to ache from the devastation he was delivering to
  the two writhing bodies that were immeshed in each other's ecstasy. He left
  them to their orgasms and stood in front of his latest hanging prize. Around
  her knees he secured ropes that were attached to pulleys situated at the two
  side walls. He began pulling on the ropes and slowly her legs were drawn open &ndash; showing
  the hint of a tremendous pussy. Her legs were now aching as the ropes pulled
  open her legs while the weights on her ankles continued to pull downward. This,
  coupled with the ferocious burn on her ass, was now causing her pain at a level
  she had never experienced.  
His dick was throbbing and "saluting the flag" from the knowledge that he
  had finally delivered something to her that she had never known before. He
  took the index finger and prepared to plunge it into her cunt. As his hand
  disappeared in the thick maze of pubic hair, his finger immediately was buried
  in her pussy with absolutely no resistance at all. He extended his other four
  fingers and they were received immediately into her gigantic pussy. He was
  astounded! It was the biggest goddamn pussy he had ever encountered. He plunged
  his hand forward and immediately his hand was buried in the love tunnel halfway
  up his forearm. The mass of pubic hair had actually caused his elbow to disappear.  
He spread his fingers that were buried somewhere deep within her and they
  barely touched the walls of her vagina. He was shocked! She was actually embarrassed,
  as she had always been when men encountered the size of her pussy. It was the
  reason she had turned to women.  
He said, " I just branded you with the letters 'CC' that stand
      for 'CanyonCunt'. I did that because I intended to make your pussy as big
      as the Grand Canyon. However, God beat me to the punch! What a big fucking
      pussy!"   
Tears were now flowing freely as she looked down and saw his hand and arm
  still buried in her sex. She began to realize that even her mighty body could
  not withstand the onslaughts of this bastard. In the meantime, the two bitches
  had finished pleasuring each other and they had stood and moved behind her.
  They each had spray bottles filled with salt water. They were now taking turns
  at spraying the biting liquid on to her newly burned brand. The pain was even
  more immense then the original burns and her left ass cheek was twitching violently
  to try to escape the damage.  
There was no escape. Her movement was somehow driving her body forward and
  actually impaling her further on to his strong arm. He was now swishing his
  arm around like a giant twizzle stick in her huge hole. He could feel moisture
  forming inside of her and he knew the hairs on his arm were becoming saturated
  with her love juice. He finally withdrew and his arm was indeed coated with
  the creamy substance that her giant body had produced in response to this arm
  motion inside of her.  
LardAss saw this and came to him to begin immediately licking the substance
  from his arm. He told CanyonCunt that the branding iron had an unlimited warranty
  and would never wear out on her body. He indicated that she presented a huge
  canvas of skin and he was completely capable of inflicting brands over the
  entire expanse of her body. He asked if she understood. She immediately nodded
  her head with great vigor. He asked if she was prepared to obey completely.
  Again &ndash; vigorous nodding of the head. He showed her the brands on LardAss'
  tits and both ass cheeks.  
He said, "These are tiny compared to yours. Yours are at least
      six inches high. If you resist or fight or disobey, there will be no negotiation.
      I will brand your face, your tits, your stomach, your vagina, your thighs,
      the bottoms of your feet! You will be ruined for life! Again &ndash; no
      negotiation if you force me to go through with it."   
   
He then ripped the tape from her mouth. Her sensual lips did not even acknowledge
  the pain of the tape removal. In a deep melodious voice she told him immediately
  she would do anything and everything if he would not brand her any further.  
He said, " We will see!"   
   
He was intrigued by her mouth. It was also huge! It was a giant, exquisite
  slash across a big, attractive face. The lips were fleshy and had an erotic
  curve to them. He would enjoy punishing that oral feature.  
He left and soon returned with the most diabolical device that any of them
  had ever seen. He had purchased a mechanical bull from a local bar. They had
  used it well during the old &quot;disco&quot; days but it had been stored away
  for years. It was still in prime condition. He had reworked it so that in the
  middle of the saddle was a gigantic dildo &ndash;protruding straight upward.
  The dildo was at least eighteen inches long and as thick as his own dick. Actually,
  it was modeled after his own tool except that he had increased the length by
  a considerable measure. There was even a vein running up one side.  
LardAss and PuffPussy looked at it with great pride. CanyonCunt looked at
  it with total fear. He and his two bitches were each holding stun guns. They
  figured that should she get feisty, even her giant physique could not withstand
  three simultaneous stunning applications of electricity. He was grateful for
  the high ceilings of the Room, and he raised her until she was well above the
  height of the mechanical bull. He rolled it over beneath her and LardAss slowly
  began lowering her. He and PuffPussy took hold of her hips and guided her down
  so that her pussy was directly above the giant dildo that was implanted in
  the saddle. As her body was lowered, her pussy for the first time met its match.
  The dildo was implanted firmly in her cunt and she could actually feel it!
  Her jungle of cunt hair completely covered the front of the saddle and there
  was now no visual indication that anything was inside of her. Yet, she was
  completely impaled.  
He removed the weights from her ankles and secured a rope to one ankle, ran
  it under the bull and secured the other end to the other ankle. She was locked
  in place. CanyonCunt was conflicted. She abhorred being controlled and yet
  her pussy was full and it wasn't bad. Furthermore, the saddle on the mechanical
  bull spread her legs in a manner that gave excellent pressure between her pussy
  and the device that was imbedded in her sex. He explained to her that there
  were ten settings on the bull. He said that the former owner told him that
  no one had ever exceeded setting number nine &ndash; not even a professional
  rodeo rider &ndash; although he was drunk at the time he fell off on setting
  number nine. Her captor said he would start with setting number four. If she
  made it to ten, he would release her &ndash; no questions asked.  
She vowed to make him honor his commitment. As he turned the rheostat to
  four the bull began a rocking and twisting motion. It was quite predictable
  and she was able to quickly get into the machine's rhythm and thus roll with
  its motion. She did notice that this caused quite an interesting movement in
  her pussy as her body was actually fucking the device inside of her.  
He turned it to number five and the motion became more aggressive but still
  had a definite pattern to it. She rode it almost with contentment as her clit
  was now being rubbed by a slight protrusion at the front of the saddle. She
  could feel her giant pussy becoming somewhat slippery.  
He skipped number six and went directly to seven. Now the motion was quite
  aggressive and the action was not quite as predictable. In the meantime her
  pussy was becoming quite excited and she was having difficulty concentrating
  on the motion of the machine as her brain began reacting to the sexual impulses
  that were coursing through her body.  
From the outside, she presented quite a sight to her observers. Her big body
  was flexing muscles and her mountainous tits were rolling with the motions
  and the vibrations. He was jerking himself off as he watched this fine specimen
  of feminine sex being tossed about like a sexy rag doll. PuffyPussy and LardAss
  were also being turned on by the sight and the thought of what was taking place
  and they were also using their own hands to pleasure themselves. It was a picture
  of a mixed circle jerk &ndash; surrounding a goddess who was being given god-like
  sex.  
He skipped setting eight and moved directly to setting nine. Now the machine
  was a whirling, bucking dervish, moving up and down, side to side, rotating
  in irregular patterns, trying to dislodge this human creature whose pussy was
  resting directly on its artificial back. She was now trying to hold on with
  her hands and trying to squeeze her pussy on to the device that was turning
  her into a mass of sexual energy. She could feel a gigantic orgasm building
  inside of her and, at the same time, she was trying to fight the motion of
  the machine. The dildo spear was driving her crazy, the saddle was caressing
  her clit, her tits were bouncing violently &ndash; almost hitting her face
  and then rebounding with glee into her torso. At the same time they were also
  bouncing from side to side &ndash; sometimes hitting each other &ndash; sometimes
  dashing away from one another. She wanted to get off of this thing that was
  punishing her so violently and yet she wanted it to never stop fucking her.  
She was screaming &ndash; " Fuck me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fuck
      me! Oh God, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming!"   
The back of the man-made bull was becoming coated with her pussy juice and
  it, too, was fighting her &ndash; trying to dislodge her &ndash; trying to
  punish her &ndash; trying to make this human pay for having the audacity to
  match her muscle with its artificial might. He was about to advance her to
  setting number ten when he saw her moving up and down &ndash; fighting the
  rope that secured her ankles. The rope was actually stretching as she began
  to raise on the pillar that was splitting her in twain.  
Four inches of the dildo could be seen as she raised upward &ndash; then
  six inches &ndash; ten inches &ndash; and now her pussy was raising almost
  to the tip of the tool. With each rising there was also a falling when the
  weight of her body was driving her pussy down on to the tool and on to the
  saddle beneath it. She was screaming in excitement and in frustration at not
  being to control events that could free her. She wanted sex but she wanted
  freedom. Juice was now gushing out of her pussy around the perimeter of the
  dildo. Then, all at once, with all control gone &ndash; she came up completely
  off of the impaled device. The bull moved out from under her and she was flung
  to the side &ndash; her pussy soaked and sloppy &ndash; her muscles trembling
  with excitement, her mighty tits heaving as she hit the floor with her legs
  and rope tangled around the bucking machine.  
She was crying from rage and frustration. Also, her giant maw of a pussy
  was contracting and expanding as it tried to deal with the feelings that had
  just been imposed on it. Her body was now covered with sweat and the whole
  scene invited fucking. She was sprawled on the floor and he threw himself on
  her.  
Although his thick dick entered her without much resistance it was the first
  time that all sides of her cunt had ever had contact with a human dick. It
  was also the first time that his tool hadn't found it necessary to fight its
  way into a woman's opening. He began fucking her with slow, steady penetrations,
  letting his huge dick head scrape the insides of her slippery tunnel. She wanted
  to fight him but her body wanted to be fucked &ndash; fucked for the first
  time with feeling &ndash; touch &ndash; domination. She was in a new world.  
He picked up the momentum and she began answering him as her muscular body
  threw her cunt up to meet his demanding dick. She was reaching her arms around
  him &ndash; pulling him in to her huge tits like a squeezing cobra. Her intention,
  however, was not to attack but to be attacked &ndash; to feel a man fucking
  her for the first time in a way that her magnificent body deserved to be fucked.  
PuffPussy and LardAss were deeply envious and yet gratified as they saw one
  of their own being fucked by this fantastic dick. LardAss reached between his
  legs and put her finger up his rectum &ndash; massaging his prostate. Because
  of the Amazon's height, PuffPussy was able to straddle her head and squat down
  to plant her huge pussy mound directly on to the giant, thick, sensual lips
  that so eagerly invited a match with a giant, thick, sensual pussy.  
He was able to reach out a hand and stab two fingers into LardAss' scraggly
  pussy. Now, they were four sexual beings &ndash; joined by various parts &ndash; experiencing
  fantastic sex &ndash; giving and getting. Juices were flowing &ndash; sweat
  was running &ndash; vocal cords were screaming &ndash; it was impossible to
  tell where one person began and the other ended. Orgasms were multiplying and
  everyone was coming. CanyonCunt felt him coming inside of her mammoth cavern &ndash; and
  he came &ndash; and came &ndash; and came. Her pussy had never been filled
  with so much man-juice. She was begging for more and he was giving it to her.  
CanyonCunt was pumping out pussy juice &ndash; directly into the huge mouth.
  It was as though a human toilet plunger was attached to her cunt &ndash; emptying
  it dry. LardAss was screaming in ecstasy &ndash; begging for more sex. His
  prostate was ready to throw up the white flag and it, too, was beginning to
  need relief. The four bodies collapsed together, mingling juices, thanking
  each other, giving, getting, loving, caring, caressing, begging. It was a sea
  of human sex flesh, satisfied to the max.  
He arose from the tangle of asses, tits, and pussys. CanyonCunt was still
  writhing on the floor from the most exquisite sexual experience she had ever
  encountered. Subconsciously she was beginning to think this might not be so
  bad after all.  
Then, before she could react, he had thrown a noose around her neck &ndash; a
  noose at the end of a rope that went to the ceiling and through a system of
  pulleys. He quickly began pulling on the rope and she had to scramble to her
  feet lest she be choked. She was trying to use her fingers to grapple with
  the tightening cord around her neck but it was too tight and she couldn't get
  her fingers around between it and her neck.  
She was finally to her feet and the tension on the rope required that she
  stand almost on tiptoes &ndash; to her full magnificent height to keep from
  choking to death. Her arms were flaying around and, to her chagrin, LardAss
  and PuffPussy somehow managed to slip nooses around each of her wrists. These
  were attached to pulleys on the side walls. Slack was quickly taken up and
  her arms were pulled straight out from her body &ndash; to their full length.
  She was a beautiful, oversized sight of womanhood. Her gigantic tits were still
  pert. Her tiny nipples were as erect as they could be. Her expanse of pubic
  hair provided a magnificent canvas of curly, black hair. Her legs were displaying
  every muscle and tendon as they tried to keep her erect. Her nostrils were
  flared and her black eyes gleamed. Her long hair provided a huge mane down
  her back. Her ass was clenched as it protruded mightily from her strong thighs.
  A thin layer of perspiration coated her entire body and made it gleam.  
There were just a few drops of pussy juice clinging yet to the hair that
  protruded from the bottom of her slit. Her naked feet were huge since they
  had to support such a huge frame. Yet, they were perfectly formed &ndash; unusual
  for large feet. Her toes were perfect and it was obvious that she had regular
  pedicures to present such perfectly formed toenails.  
The only flaw &ndash; by American standards &ndash; was the mass of thick
  hair that hung down from each armpit. He decided to bring her up to American
  standards. He told LardAss that they were to be involved in a contest. The
  winner would get a bowl of ice cream that night. He gave each of them needle
  nose pliers. He indicated that he would time them and the first one to remove
  all the hair from an armpit would win. PuffPussy could take the right armpit.
  LardAss could take the left armpit.  
CanyonCunt began to scream at this idea and he held up the branding iron
  and said, " For every word or sound you make from this time through
  the time that your pits are bald &ndash; you will receive one brand. You decide
  if it's worth it to make a sound!"   
   
She quickly clamped her mouth shut. Both contestants were poised and ready.
  CanyonCunt was trembling but she couldn't move too much with the noose tightly
  around her neck and her arms forcibly outstretched.  
He clicked the stopwatch, hollered, " Go!"   
LardAss and PuffPussy were moving with blinding speed, grabbing tufts of
  armpit hair, yanking, throwing the uprooted hair over their shoulders and quickly
  moving to the task. CanyonCunt kept her lips tightly closed but grunts and
  screams could be seen forming in her closed mouth. Her tits were bobbing up
  and down with the tense effort of the contestants, droplets of blood were forming
  in a few places in her pits, sweat was now pouring from her body.  
CanyonCunt was cursing herself as she thought, " Why did I have
      to be so independent &ndash; why couldn't I have shaved my pits?"   
It was too late. They were now almost completely bare. LardAss and PuffPussy
  both finished simultaneously and it was impossible to determine who finished
  first. It was a dead heat!  
Tears were now flowing freely from CanyonCunt's eyes. The contestants were
  flummoxed, as they demanded to know who won! He indicated that it was, indeed,
  a solid tie and there would have to be a run-off of some kind. He told them
  that the next contest would be an arm-burying match. The one who could get
  her arm the furthest up that gigantic pussy would be declared the winner. He
  told them that after each one buried her arm in the bottomless pussy he would
  make a mark on each of their arms to know how far in they were. Then, after
  they withdrew, he would measure from the tips of their longest finger to the
  mark. The deepest fisting would win.  
CanyonCunt was now shuddering. She knew these bitches could care less about
  any pain she received in her woman hole and she deduced that she was about
  to encounter a great deal of pain. She made up her mind to fight with all of
  her might. To her chagrin, while she was still in the vulnerable position of
  nearly being hanged, ropes were put around her armpits and she was hoisted
  by these until her feet were dangling in the air. Then, an examining table
  was rolled under her and she was quickly secured to it as her massive legs
  were put into stirrups and secured. Straps were secured across her chest and
  abdomen and she was now in a position where she could not move a muscle as
  the stirrups were being spread &ndash; forcing her legs into a wide open position.
  Her huge pussy was now completely accessible.  
LardAss was to go first. She had coated her entire forearm with huge globs
  of KY jelly. Although certainly not as big as CanyonCunt, LardAss was nevertheless
  a fairly big girl. She looked intimidating for this type of a contest. She
  had squeezed her hand into as small a ball as possible and pressed it against
  the waiting pussy. To her surprise, it met no resistance. This was really a
  big pussy!  
She quickly inserted her hand and it disappeared in a sea of pubic hair and
  pussy lips. She was easily in up to the middle of her forearm before she met
  any resistance. The sides of the pussy barely touched the skin on her arm.
  She marveled that anyone could have a pussy this large. As she met resistance
  she began pushing more forcibly. Now her elbow disappeared. CanyonCunt was
  now screaming and begging for relief.  
She kept shouting, " No more &ndash; no more &ndash; for the love
      of God &ndash; please, no more!"   
LardAss was astounded. She thought, " My God &ndash; I could set
      up housekeeping in this bitch's cunt!"   
As she looked at her arm that appeared as though it had been amputated by
  a mass of black pubic hair, she thought to herself that surely PuffPussy could
  not match this. She nodded her head to indicate this was as far as she could
  go and he made a mark with a magic marker, just above her elbow. He, too, was
  astounded.  
PuffPussy had not yet experienced the size of this pussy and she was thinking
  to herself, " Where in the hell did she put her arm?"   
She, too, had globbed her arm and hand with KY jelly. Her hand was smaller
  but a bit pudgier. She inserted her hand in the waiting pussy and marveled,
  as it seemed to disappear into a velvet curtain of intimate hair. Her arm quickly
  descended into the pussy pit until her elbow had disappeared before she, too,
  met a resistance. CanyonCunt was now crying gibberish that was indecipherable.
  PuffPussy was smaller in stature than LardAss and the two onlookers marveled
  as she buried her arm completely up to her armpit.  
CanyonCunt was in agony. PuffPussy didn't give a shit. She always disliked
  girls that were larger than she. Accordingly, she decided to make this bitch
  pay for her own unique size. PuffPussy unclenched her fist and began wiggling
  and flexing her fingers deep inside the giant's love tunnel. CanyonCunt was
  now screaming uncontrollably for relief. PuffPussy still didn't give a shit
  and began swishing her arm around inside the canyon of pussy. He made a mark
  near the top of her shoulder and she slowly began withdrawing. She tried bending
  her arm at the elbow as she withdrew and this brought even more agony to the
  captive. She was now promising anything and everything. As the hand finally
  withdrew he looked at her and made an announcement that send cold chills down
  her spine.  
He said, " So far we have only worked on your pussy. Soon we begin
      fiddling with your asshole. You are in for a real treat!"   
She was scared silly. She had always been careful not to let anyone fool
  with her asshole. Now she was about to be forced to give it up completely.
  She didn't know how she could even begin to cope. In the meantime, LardAss
  was sulking. It was obvious that PuffPussy had won and would get the ice cream.  
" Life is a bitch,"   she thought. She walked over,
  looked down at CanyonCunt's frightened face and said, " Your cunt
  cost me ice cream you fucking bitch! I'm going to make you pay for that!"    
   
The next day he walked in to the room and announced, " Tomorrow
      has come. And, soon I will cum in a brand new asshole!"   
CanyonCunt was tense. She had been thinking of this all night and now reality
  was about to take place. She knew better than to resist as the brand on her
  ass cheek was still incredibly painful. She vowed that she would do whatever
  was necessary to avoid any further branding. He directed her to go over to
  the table and bend over it &ndash; face forward. The table had been designed
  so that a pussy or asshole could be arranged so that it would be just about
  at his dick height.  
Sadly, she walked over and bent down until her upper body was lying on the
  table. Her huge tits mushroomed out as they were pressed into the hard surface.
  Then, LardAss and PuffPussy each grabbed one of the muscular legs and raised
  them up so that her legs were in a &quot;splits&quot; position, perpendicular
  to her body. With her martial arts training this did not cause her a lot of
  distress but it did make the muscles in her thighs protrude quite visibly.
  Her ankles were secured to the table so that they could not move. They also
  moved to the far side of the table and secured her outstretched arms to the
  table. She was now a captive to the table, with her pussy and ass hanging beyond
  the edge &ndash; quite accessible to any invasion.  
He stood and admired the sight. It was marvelous! Although her ass and thighs
  were large, they were perfectly proportioned and showed exquisite muscle tone.
  An Amazon had been secured! He walked up to her backside with his erect dick
  bobbing in anticipation. He reached forward the index finger of his right hand
  with the intention of placing it inside her asshole. He was astounded! Her
  asshole was as tight as her pussy was large. It was so tight that his finger
  could not get in.  
He held up his finger and LardAss came around and sucked it vigorously in
  her mouth. She applied a large glob of saliva to it and spread it around with
  her magic tongue. He then put his finger to the virgin ass opening and pushed
  forward with all of his might. It slipped in, reluctantly, but he was able
  to bury it to the hilt. CanyonCunt was in shock! She grunted and groaned with
  the new intrusion. She had actually managed to relax her sphincter muscles
  but the opening was simply very, very tiny.  
He wondered to himself how in the world she managed to squeeze out turds
  through this small aperture? Nonetheless he began manipulating his finger and
  gradually her hole dilated to a slightly larger diameter. His dick was eager
  with the anticipation of this tight opening. This was a bad sign for her because
  his dick became monumental when it was eager. He withdrew his finger and pressed
  the gigantic mushroom dick head to her non-eager ass opening. She groaned in
  anticipation of the pain that she knew was going to ensue. PuffPussy had been
  sucking on his dick previous to this and it was coated with her saliva. However,
  there was not enough spit in the world to make this an easy entrance.  
He pushed his hips forward and the dick head overcame the anal ring resistance
  and slipped in. She screamed in agony, as she knew she was being split in two.
  Before her scream could subside he gave a mighty push and in one fell swoop,
  buried his pole to the base in her virgin ass. Her screams were now at an inhuman
  level. His dick felt as though it were in a vise. He felt the inside of her
  ass pulsating in resistance to the foreign invader. She felt his dick pulsating
  in response to the tightness of her shit hole. She felt skin tearing inside
  of her and knew that blood was coating his dick.  
She thought, " Please, please, make this help it be more slippery!"   
He withdrew slightly and the rim of his circumcised dick head pulled and
  pushed against her internal tissue. It was disastrous for her! Now she was
  experiencing pain that surpassed even the horrible branding to which she had
  been subjected. She was screaming, crying, begging, and pleading. It fell on
  uncaring ears. He now began increasing his rhythm and soon his dick was like
  a piston in a diesel engine &ndash; tight, powerful, uncaring. Her shit tunnel
  was in agony and begging for mercy. There was no mercy.  
His speed had now picked up so that his giant balls were slapping into her
  cunt. Her cunt was so large that the force of the motion of his balls was actually
  driving them inside of her pussy. Now feelings were building up inside of her &ndash; feelings
  of incredible pain and incredible ecstasy. His dick was getting even tighter
  and her ass was in even greater pain. Her pussy was responding to the slap
  of his sack and feelings of pain and sexual arousal were intermingling to completely
  confuse her poor, overloaded brain. He could feel the powerful muscles of her
  rump plowing into his midsection with every cycle. The crack of her ass was
  grasping some of his pubic hair with each outward cycle. Then, PuffPussy was
  reaching around him and planting her lips firmly on his mouth. She was darting
  her tongue into his mouth and swabbing it around to arouse his saliva glands.
  Quickly they were exchanging spit into a marvelous sex cocktail.  
LardAss had squatted down and buried her hand and forearm in CanyonCunt's
  pussy. His balls were now bouncing off of her arm with each invasion of the
  tight ass. He felt himself building to an orgasm and, oddly enough, CanyonCunt's
  sex was overcoming the pain and she felt an orgasm building, also. Suddenly
  with a huge pulsating gasp he began pumping his cum into her virgin ass.  
She felt it and it was the strangest feeling she had ever experienced. At
  the same time her pussy was creating waves of orgasms inside of her and her
  pussy was coating LardAss' hand and arm with pussy juice. He was still coming
  and she could not believe how much love liquid he was pumping in to her. He
  finally finished and, yet, he did not withdraw. He let his dick stay inside
  of her ass, as it slowly became flaccid inside the tight tunnel of shit.  
CanyonCunt heard his grunting and felt his stomach straining against her
  firm ass. Then, all at once, he began pissing inside of her. She was devastated!
  The piss was actually flowing into her ass; mixing in to the torn tissue and
  burning like a son-of-a-bitch. But, the pain was nothing compared to the degradation!
  She could not believe this was happening to her. Some of the piss was seeping
  out of her ass hole, around his dick, and running down on to LardAss' arm that
  was still buried in the mammoth pussy.  
When he finally finished, LardAss withdrew her arm and hand. PuffPussy quickly
  came over and began licking the piss and pussy juice off of each finger, the
  hand, and the forearm. Even worse, she looked as though she liked it! He finally
  withdrew and, as he did, cum and blood and piss slowly leaked from her ass.  
He then moved around to CanyonCunt's head so she could see what he had in
  his hand. It was a white dildo, modeled after his dick. Accordingly, it was
  huge! He told her that it had been carved out of a salt block. She began quivering
  as she realized where this was going. He then moved to her back again and rammed
  the salt dick directly into her ass hole. The pain was unbelievable. She was
  now sobbing unrelentlessly and screaming with all her might. He told her not
  to worry; he would only leave it in for two hours.  
She managed to endure the pain for ninety minutes, ninety minutes of the
  most horror she had ever thought possible. Finally, with welcome relief, she
  passed out. When he returned she was conscious and writhing in unending pain &ndash; at
  least she was writhing as much as her bondages would permit. He walked around
  to her front with his erect dick leading the way. He told her he was going
  to give her some relief, but total relief was up to her. She was in too much
  pain to respond. Her asshole was on fire and it was stretched to its limit
  by the salt dick that was impaling her.  
He walked around to the side of her ass, gripped the artificial dick firmly
  and ripped it out of her ass. She screamed in pure agony as the sides of the
  dick rubbed raw her tender ass tissue. Now the ferocious stretching was relieved
  but many particles of salt still remained in her tender hole, eating in to
  the torn tissue.  
Once again his firm dick led him back to her front end. He told her that
  the salt would take many bowel movements to be completely eradicated. He estimated
  that she had at least four to five days of hellacious agony in front of her.
  She wept openly as she knew he was right. He told her that if he were to give
  her warm milk enemas the whole thing could be over in a matter of a couple
  of hours. He told her the milk would also soothe her tender ass tissues. He
  asked her if she would like relief. Between sobs she nodded her head vigorously.  
He told her to look at his dick. She rolled her eyes upward and looked at
  his filthy groin. He had not cleaned his pubic area since he had fucked her
  in the ass. His dick, balls, and pubic hair were crusted over with old sperm,
  shit, and blood &ndash; his sperm &ndash; her shit &ndash; her blood. She gagged
  at the sight but even this horrible sight failed to distract her brain from
  the continuous pain that was racking her ass.  
He said, " When you clean me &ndash; with your tongue &ndash; I
      will provide relief for your ass."   
She was stunned. She could not stand the pain in her ass much longer but
  she could not imagine placing her mouth anywhere near this disgusting human
  refuse that was in front of her. He saw her indecision and held up the salt
  dick.  
He said, " Why don't I insert this again while giving you time
      to ponder your decision?"   
She screamed, " No &ndash; no &ndash; no &ndash; let me clean your
      dick!"   
He replied, " Not just my dick &ndash; but also my balls and all
      the pubic hair as well."   
As rolls of pain continued to flood her ass she agreed that she would lick
  anything! He directed LardAss and PuffPussy to flop her over so that she was
  facing upward and her head was hanging back over the edge of the table. They
  did so and she offered no resistance with her big &ndash; but pained &ndash; body.
  She did scream when her still-fresh brand hit the table. This only added to
  all of the pain signals that were being forwarded to her brain from her ass.
  He moved forward and dangled his private area over her face. The smell was
  overwhelming and she gagged but she managed to swallow back the bile that was
  rising in her gullet.  
He said, " Since I'm a completely sensitive guy &ndash; I'll let
      you decide what you're going to clean first.!"   
Her tongue extended tentatively and she licked the end of his broad dick.
  His dick twitched upward in response &ndash; first moving away from the exploring
  tongue and then slamming back square in the middle of her face. She grunted
  with disgust. Then LardAss pushed downward on his dick and it popped into the
  surprised mouth. CanyonCunt was completely disgusted. She tasted her own shit
  and blood &ndash; as well as his leftover sperm.  
He, on the other hand, was quite content. Her mouth was equally as big as
  her pussy. It was the first mouth he had ever entered that was so large that
  it did not feel as though it was being stretched to the point of being popped
  out of joint. As his dick lolled around in her mouth, his filthy, smelly balls
  rested on her nose, eyes, and forehead. She was overwhelmed by the smell and
  the crusty filthiness that was scraping her face. He told her that the sooner
  his privates were clean, the sooner she would get relief for her ass.  
The salt continued to eat away at her shit tunnel and she knew she had to
  put aside all reservations and get busy. She licked and sucked his dick as
  firmly as her strong mouth muscles would work. She felt crusts of stuff come
  loose from his tool and she tried to swallow them whole to avoid tasting as
  much as possible. It was the most horrible oral experience of her life! His
  dick finally felt smooth even though pre-cum was leaking from his piss slit
  into her mouth. She determined she would come back to this area to finish it
  off.  
She used her tongue to pop his happy dick out of her mouth and moved upward
  to his balls. They were massive! And, they were disgusting! The wrinkly skin
  of his sack seemed to catch every type of crusty things that were possible.
  As she explored each crevice with her tongue, his disgusting black curly hair
  was rubbing all over her face. Yet, her ass kept burning and she was driven
  onward in her quest for cleanliness and ass relief. The underside of his balls
  was particularly disgusting. It seemed that this was where the most sweat accumulated
  and accordingly the bacteria that sweat produced. Somehow, she managed to get
  through the odor although her stomach was heaving all through it.  
He saw the convulsions of her abdomen and said, " Don't worry &ndash; once
      you get through the smell you've got it licked!"   
Between her revulsion and ass trauma she failed to see the humor in this.
  Finally, she determined that his sack was devoid of all crusty substances and
  she began to rake her tongue through his massive mat of pubic hair. She would
  use her wet tongue to straighten out the curls, grasp the extended hair with
  her huge lips and use her mouth to pull off anything that was stuck to the
  hair. In the meantime she could tell he was getting very aroused. His dick
  was pointing upward, the head was enormous and bright purple. Pre-cum was dripping
  freely from the slit onto her chin.  
As she finally cleaned the last strand of hair, he told her to open her mouth.
  At that, his dick was popped back into her mouth. In this furiously aroused
  state, it was stretching even her mouth. She waited passively for his next
  move and he responded by fucking her face like a machine! His balls were slapping
  her forehead and his dick head was scraping the inside of her cheeks. His dick
  did push the back of her throat but it wasn't long enough to actually go down
  into her throat. Suddenly, his dick head swelled even more and thick, long
  strands of cum bounded from his dick. It was slamming down into her throat
  and she was swallowing as fast as she could. She couldn't swallow fast enough
  to keep up with his emissions and now it was accumulating in whatever space
  it could find inside her dick-filled mouth. It began ramming up into her sinus
  cavities and they felt as though they were on fire.  
She had sucked other dicks, certainly much longer dicks, but she had never
  had this much cum driven into her mouth. He must have had onions for some previous
  meals because she could detect the faint taste of onions in his cum and this
  same substance was only serving more to aggravate her sinus cavities. A small
  bit of cum was actually leaking from her left nostril. While he was still in
  her mouth he told her that his dick still had to be clean if he were to complete
  his end of the bargain. Her ass was still burning unrelentlessly and she knew
  she must comply. She responded by licking and sucking his dick anew.  
She thought, " Well shit, at least this stuff is fresh and not
      crusted over!"   
After several minutes he knew she was through and he withdrew the dick and
  observed that it was completely clean. He asked PuffPussy to inspect the rest
  of his pubic region to determine if it was, indeed, clean. She lifted his sack
  and put her face down just inches from his sex area. She examined it in a thoroughly
  meticulous manner while CanyonCunt begged them to hurry and clean out her fiery
  ass. PuffPussy, in spite of herself, declared that his pubic region was completely
  clean.  
He directed LardAss to set up the enema with warm milk. She began with a
  gallon of whole milk. He released the bindings on CanyonCunt's ankles and told
  her to lift up her legs as high as possible. She responded quickly and brought
  her knees completely up to her chest so that they actually touched her massive
  boobs. He inserted the nozzle firmly into her ass and she grunted in response.
  He released the warm liquid and it flooded her bowels. The pressure was unpleasant
  for her but the warm milk immediately soothed her raw inner-linings. He removed
  the nozzle and told her to fire at will.  
LardAss had placed a large tub beneath her ass and she squirted mightily
  as shit and milk and blood and salt particles flew out of her ass. It hurt
  like a son-of-a-bitch but she could tell that some of the salt had departed.
  He repeated the procedure four times. Each time, fewer and fewer salt particles
  were evacuated. Also, the milk coated her injured ass linings and she began
  to get some relief.  
The tub was full of an awful mixture of disgusting-looking stuff. When he
  finally finished, CanyonCunt's ass was finally rid of the fire that had been
  burning it. Suddenly, CanyonCunt felt a presence between her legs. She looked
  downward and saw the top of LardAss' head as she descended on the recently
  tormented asshole. LardAss sealed the hole with her mouth and began lapping
  up the area around the tiny, nether hole. Her tongue worked the area around
  the hole and then plunged directly into the aroused aperture.  
CanyonCunt was conflicted. It was both soothing and revolting at the same
  time. Yet, she understood that the bitch actually enjoyed what she was doing.
  LardAss was enjoying herself. She had never tasted ass tissues that were saturated
  with milk. It definitely enhanced the taste of the crap. When she had completely
  cleaned the entire area &ndash; inside and out &ndash; she looked up at CanyonCunt
  and winked. He then released the bonds that secured her wrists and told her
  to lie still. Then, he and LardAss picked up the tub of horrible expelling
  and, without fanfare turned it upside down on the reclining CanyonCunt. Her
  entire once-beautiful body was completely covered with shitty, bloody, salty
  milk. She immediately vomited and this served only to add to the mess that
  was on her once-proud body. LardAss looked down on her and, again, winked.  
He looked at her, smiled with satisfaction, and said, " You really
      need to clean yourself up. I hate filthy bitches!"    
   
At that, he turned and left, farting quickly in her direction to accentuate
  her nothingness. He had decided to perform the coup de gr&auml;ce on her self-respect
  and her image of herself as a human being.  
He had designed an apparatus that was to be part of an effort that he felt
  surpassed anything he had done in the past. CanyonCunt watched as he wheeled
  in an apparatus that looked like a tall, skinny aquarium. It had four glass
  sides in the form of a square, each side approximately three feet wide. It
  looked as though it might be six feet tall. It almost looked like an aquarium
  that had been designed in the shape of a telephone booth, open at the top.
  He and LardAss tilted it down until it was lying horizontal on the floor.  
He looked at CanyonCunt and said, " I call this 'the aquarium'.
      I want you to get down on your hands and knees and crawl backward into
      it. And, remember I still have the branding iron and you still have lots
      of unmarked skin. I would suggest you obey!"   
She did not argue. She immediately got her huge frame down on her hands and
  knees and crawled backward into the glass box. It was so tight with her large
  body that she had to place her shoulders and hips diagonally from corner to
  corner. When she had finally crawled all the way in, he and LardAss and PuffPussy
  began lifting the aquarium upright with her still inside. With the weight of
  the glass and her body, it was all they could do to tilt it upward. She now
  stood upright in the glass cage, so tight that she could not even turn her
  body. The top rim of the glass was just about level with her eyes.  
She began to tremble as she realized her vulnerability. He wheeled the device
  over beneath a six-inch plastic pipe that protruded from the ceiling above.
  She was positioned so that the pipe was pointing directly at the cleavage between
  her magnificent breasts. He then reminded her that this room was completely
  sound proof. Also, he told her that although she had not seen the upstairs
  it was quite large, a mansion by many standards. He told her he was having
  a party tonight with more than a hundred guests. She was going to participate
  in the party in a very unique manner.  
The party's theme was: &quot;Frontier Days&quot; and everything was set up
  in a rustic manner. The guests would not be able to use modern bathrooms. Instead,
  a dozen toilets had been assembled so that they looked like the old out-houses
  in old, rural communities. Instead of pits beneath the imitation outhouses,
  they all drained into a central pipe. He asked her if she could guess where
  the central pipe ended? She looked up and the six-inch eye(from the pipe) looked
  straight down at her. She began to beg and sob and plead.  
He said, " Come on! You know that that kind of bullshit doesn't
      work with me! Good luck! The party will begin in about an hour. I figure
      after the liquor has been flowing for about an hour, you will be quite
      busy!"   
Upstairs, the guests were enthralled at the theme and its more exotic features.
  They were all of the elite class and had never, ever seen an outhouse. As they
  saw the row of the little outhouses, all made of imitation old wood with a
  half moon in each door, they giggled in anticipation. They looked down in the
  hole in the wooden seat of each house and wondered at the blackness beyond.
  Soon, they were all drinking as much as possible so they could utilize this
  primitive form of toilet. Four of the simulated outhouses were "two-holers'.
  These by far were the most popular. Women, with their strange need to go to
  the bathroom together, were seen entering these larger models, holding hands
  and giggling as they sat together and tinkled. Men, wanting to show their masculinity,
  were dragging women in with them so the females could experience the stench
  of their mighty shit!  
Meanwhile, CanyonCunt stood there in the "aquarium", captivated, and tried
  to imagine what this was going to be like. Soon she heard the first gurgling
  sound. Suddenly a solid yellow stream sprung from the pipe and struck her directly
  in her cleavage. Piss seemed to splatter everywhere &ndash; up to her face,
  on her boobs, on her arms and it quickly ran down to the base where her feet
  were planted. The smell was horrible! Even worse was the realization of what
  had just happened and what would continue to happen.  
Now guests must have begun to feel the effects of free-flowing liquor. The
  pipe was a continuous stream of yellow fluids, some dark, and some yellow,
  all with an unbelievable stench. It was obvious that there must have been many
  women at the party because much of the piss was mixed with used hunks of toilet
  paper. These seemed to careen CanyonCunt's face and stick there. She managed
  to shake her face and they would plop down into the waiting pee pool. CanyonCunt
  was sobbing ferociously, her chest heaving, her face full of tears, mixing
  with the splattered piss.  
Then, it got worse. The first turd came flying out of the pipe and hit her
  right tit. It was light brown and quite slimy. It quickly slid down her tit,
  on to her stomach, down her body, down her right thigh, and plopped in the
  liquid swill that was now up to her knees. Then it was a continuous stream
  of piss and turds. The vile liquid was now up to her pussy and it was swirling
  with the continuous arrival of new ingredients. She could feel the liquid swishing
  her pubic hair and somehow that made it worse.  
Then, an even more horrible experience as a used condom came flying from
  the pipe and draped itself over her left tit. In her tight quarters she could
  not move her arms to brush it off. It clung to her huge tit like a slimy, plastic
  worm. She could see the contents swishing around inside the rubber as her chest
  heaved with exasperation and horror. Next, a used tampax, completely bloody,
  flew out of the pipe and landed on her left shoulder. The odor from everything
  was overwhelming. The pool of piss was now up to her tits. Her huge tits were
  floating upward in the awful mix, as though they didn't realize the terrible
  swill that was pushing them upwards. The piss was coated with pools of froth
  and bubbles. As the bubbles would pop they would seem to emit an even stronger
  stench.  
The party must have been going good because now several used rubbers were
  flying from the pipe. Some were colored, some were ribbed &ndash; all were
  filled with the remnants of someone's good time. It was not a good time for
  CanyonCunt. She had become the centerpiece for a cesspool. The piss, and its
  other contents, was now up to her chin. Her nostrils were filled with the stench.
  She wanted to vomit but did not want to contribute to the horrible mess that
  enclosed her.  
He had come down and he saw that the contents were almost up to the brim
  of the aquarium. Being a neat and tidy person, he closed the valve as the contents
  slurped up to CanyonCunt's lips. He told her he would drain the tank in the
  morning. She was aghast! She had to piss! What would happen? Finally she could
  withhold relief no longer from her aching bladder. She spouted her own fluid
  into the yellow mess. It now began to rise up above her mouth and she had to
  drink some of it!  
She was totally degraded as a human being. She was broken! She was no longer
  rational! She was a decadent object to be used as he saw fit. Her life was
  shit, no - worse than shit! She was ready now to do whatever he asked! LardAss
  and PuffPussy looked on with total awe. They had seen many things in their
  new life with the man but nothing like this. A large, beautiful human being
  was immersed in piss and waste!  
Occasionally LardAss would go up to the aquarium and thump it on the side.
  This would cause the piss to slosh and coat CanyonCunt's face. When the pool
  would settle she would cry and gasp for breath. She could feel piss in every
  pore of her body. In her pussy cavity. In her tender ass hole. If she had the
  means she would have committed suicide. She didn't &ndash; and couldn't. The
  next day he came in to observe the condition of his immersed victim. She was
  semi-delirious and was being supported by the sides of the aquarium. A scum
  had formed over the pool of piss around the lower part of her chin. Some shit
  was floating and some had sunk to the bottom of the pool and rested on her
  feet. A hunk of used toilet paper was clinging to the top of her shoulder.
  A used rubber was draped over her right ear. She was defeated!  
He slipped a one-inch hose into the tank. The hose was attached to a pump
  that he used to start draining the aquarium. She didn't seem to notice the
  level going down as various hunks of stuff clung to her naked body. He told
  her this was in store for her once a month unless she submitted to him completely.  
She looked up at him and said, " I am yours &ndash; I will do whatever
      you desire &ndash; please don't put me in this piss again!"   
Although her eyes were somewhat vacant, the level of sincerity was the most
  intense he had ever witnessed. He looked at LardAss, PuffPussy, and the drenched
  CanyonCunt. He winked! Now the real fun could begin!  
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter X   
LardAss and BrainyTits   
(or &ndash; Nobody Likes a Smartass)   
He was sitting and staring at LardAss and CanyonCunt who were sitting across
  the room. Both of them were scooted forward on their chairs with their legs
  spread wide. Their pussies were wide open and it was a beautiful sight! He
  did like to look at pussy. He was lamenting the departure of PuffPussy. CanyonCunt
  and been using her muscular body to penetrate PuffPussy's ass with a fairly
  huge dildo. CanyonCunt had used one of the young girl's legs for leverage and
  the damn thing had snapped like a twig. He realized he could do nothing for
  her so he had put a ball gag in her mouth to stifle the screams and threw her
  in the trunk of his car. He had driven for two days until he reached the extreme
  northern portion of North Dakota. There, in a small town that surprisingly
  had a tiny hospital, he had pulled up to the entrance in the middle of the
  night. He had quickly opened the trunk and dumped her pained body on the concrete.
  She was naked and passed out from the horrible ride and the pain that had been
  inflicted on her body.  
He knew that she had no idea who he was or where his place had been. Her
  scarred, naked body would certainly invite questions but this would be completely
  beyond the abilities of the local authorities. The FBI would probably inquire
  but any agent who had this god-forsaken area as his territory could not amount
  to much. He was always sad to lose one of his slaves but he was well satisfied
  with LardAss and CanyonCunt. LardAss was big &ndash; overweight &ndash;and
  sloppy. But she could endure and administer pain.  
CanyonCunt was a beautiful Amazon. She was a giantess who was completely
  docile and submissive. She still had vivid memories of being immersed in piss
  and shit and she would do anything to avoid that experience again. He was contemplating
  their next victim. He thought between the three of them &ndash; he with no
  conscious at all &ndash; LardAss with her decadent morals &ndash; CanyonCunt
  with her big fuckable body &ndash; could certainly provide some interesting
  entertainment for their next morsel of female flesh.  
He had already planned who to bring into the fold. It was to be the librarian
  at the neighborhood public library. She was a bitch and he intended to make
  her pay for being a bitch. During his last visit there he had checked out a
  book on sex and bondage in the Middle Ages.  
She had looked at it, snorted, and made sure he heard her tongue go, " Tsk,
      tsk!"   
Then she had the audacity to say, " If it were up to me we wouldn't
      have this filth in   my   library!"   
He had not replied. He had simply looked at her and tried to memorize her
  appearance. She looked like someone who had been cast in a movie to be a librarian.
  She had a hatchet face and jet black hair that was pulled straight back into
  a tight bun at the back of her head. Her mouth was very small and always pursed
  up as though she were looking down with disdain at everyone else. She had plucked
  her eyebrows and drawn in a thin narrow line for artificial eyebrows. Her eyes
  were cold gray and always staring with anger at everyone. It was impossible
  to determine anything about her body. She always wore a black business skirt
  that came down almost to her ankles. She always wore black, men's shoes because
  she thought women's shoes were impractical and a rip-off. Her blouses were
  always long sleeved, white cotton that gave no indication of what was taking
  place with her upper body.  
She was a cold-hearted, frigid bitch and had little use for humanity and
  absolutely no use for men. She was thirty-five years old and a virgin. She
  had seen pictures of naked men in books and determined this was nothing she
  needed to see in person. Her posture would have done credit to a military perfectionist.
  Her voice was cold and she always spoke with slow, condescending, perfect enunciation.
  She was about 5'-4&quot; tall and her weight was a very fit 110 pounds. She
  lived for books and hated the fact that she had to deal with people in dispensing
  the books. Her nametag indicated that she was named Marion Snodgrass &ndash; Marion
  the Librarian.  
He wondered what he would name her when she was under his control? Finally
  the day arrived when his hired hands delivered her to him. A large canvas bag
  was over her head and reached down almost to her knees. Even in this predicament
  she was standing perfectly straight and not moving a muscle. From the knees
  down her body language indicated that she was thoroughly pissed. In her mind
  she had decided that whoever was responsible for this indignity would pay in
  a way that they never imagined.  
Her shoes and white socks had been removed and she was standing in her bare
  feet. Before she could respond, he and LardAss had secured restraints to her
  ankles that were connected to rings in the floor. She was secure and could
  not move even if she had wanted to. He reached forward and with one quick motion
  he jerked the canvas bag off of her. Her eyes never flickered. They glistened
  with hatred and she looked around and took stock of her surroundings.  
The first thing that she saw was three naked people standing in front of
  her. One was a giant of a woman &ndash; maybe six and a half feet tall. The
  giantess was big everywhere &ndash; but not fat. She stood facing the librarian
  with absolutely no shame or regret &ndash; presenting her giant tits, her wide
  hips, and a huge mat of pubic hair. The librarian had to admit to herself that
  from a clinical viewpoint she was a magnificent specimen.  
The other naked lady was just the opposite. She was fairly tall but overweight
  with a disorganized body. Her tits were fairly small, there were floppy love
  handles at her side, a little paunch in the belly, pudgy thighs, and a pubic
  area that was trying to grow back hair that had once been ripped from her body.
  Furthermore, she smelled. She smelled of sweat and sex and impure thoughts.  
The librarian thought, " This creature does not need to be so self-assured
      in presenting her obscene body!"   
   
The man was quite a sight. He was of average height, with a small layer of
  body fat. His pubic area was the ugliest thing she had ever seen. Her books
  had not done justice to how revolting this area could be. Due to no experience
  at all, she did not realize that his dick was far from the norm. Although not
  very long, it was incredibly thick. It had been circumcised and it had a huge,
  purple mushroom head that surely was revolting to any self-respecting woman.
  His dick was semi-erect and she could see a large protruding vein that was
  throbbing on the right side of his dick. Below his dick was a set of balls
  that revolted her totally. They were huge with one hanging halfway down his
  powerful thighs. It was all set off by a thick expanse of black curly hair
  that looked as though it were trying to conceal a crouching predator.  
Her eyes were drawn back to the women and now she almost shuddered as she
  examined them in more detail. Their bodies bore many scars and burns. The sloppy
  bitch had the letters &quot; L.A.  &quot; burned
  (branded) into the end of her tits directly over the nipples and areolas. The
  giant woman had been burned and scarred many times and she wondered how such
  a marvelous physique could have tolerated such abuse.  
She returned her gaze to the man and spoke for the first time, " If
      you release me now, I will negotiate with the authorities to try to convince
      them to only imprison all of you for forty years! If you do not release
      me now, I will make it my eternal goal that each of you gets life in prison."   
Her voice was as cold as the Arctic Circle and displayed no fear whatsoever.
  He smiled slyly as he realized this would be a fun person to work with.  
He replied, " I   am the one
      who determines the length of a person's confinement and you are the one
      for whom I will be deciding. You will ultimately give me pleasure in the
      end and you have no idea of how devastating the path will be that I take
      you on!"   
She snorted and gave him another 'tsk,  tsk'  with
  her tongue.  
He walked to her and told her that if she screamed she would be punished
  severely. She told him with a voice of steel that she would never give him
  the pleasure of hearing her scream. It was then that she noticed the scissors
  in his hand. He knelt before her and began cutting her practical black skirt
  all the way up the front. As it started to fall, he grabbed it and threw it
  to the side. Beneath the skirt was a white cotton, full slip. LardAss walked
  up and began unbuttoning the white blouse. Through all of this the librarian
  did not move a muscle &ndash; she didn't even tremble. Strangely enough, even
  in her slip it was impossible to determine anything about her body.  
He stood and snipped the slip's straps at the shoulder. As it started to
  slip downward, LardAss grabbed it and ripped it upward over the arms and head
  of the startled librarian. The slip caught part of the bun at the back of her
  head and dislodged its tight, compact roll. This made the librarian very angry
  and she told them they should stop now or face the consequences. He and LardAss
  didn't even hear her words because they were too enthralled at what stood before
  them.  
The librarian's legs were absolutely gorgeous. They were shaped perfectly
  and would have done justice to any high fashion model. But, above the legs,
  was even more of a surprise. The bitch was wearing the tightest girdle they
  had ever seen. It cut into the skin at her thighs and stomach and completely
  concealed the shape of the ass that was beneath them. Then, on her torso, she
  had a similarly tight tube top that mashed her tits down flat onto her body.
  The librarian had determined long ago that she would never be a sex object
  for men to stare at and she had taken great pains to ensure that her body never
  displayed anything erotic.  
He had LardAss wondered how in the hell she ever got these things on and
  off every day. He tried to slide the scissors beneath the girdle and it was
  too tight. CanyonCunt had seen the dilemma and she moved in to assist. She
  put her strong fingers beneath one side of the girdle and pulled it outward.
  The librarian grunted but never said a word. She was staring straight ahead
  with intense anger as these three perverts mauled her clothing. He got the
  scissors beneath the girdle and the material parted with relief as he moved
  the scissors upward.  
As the elastic material fell to the floor they were faced with a magnificent
  sight. It was the most perfect ass he had ever seen. It was full and shapely
  and protruded just enough from the back of the fantastic thighs. The skin was
  velvety looking and without blemish. The pussy was even better. It, too, was
  gorgeous. Being a control freak, the librarian had taken great care to trim
  her pubic hair to just the right shape and length.  
Although she had only to satisfy her own standards, they were standards that
  exceeded anyone else's and she was proud of her handiwork. The pussy lips just
  peeked out from beneath the manicured hair and cried out for touch. No one
  but she and her doctor had ever touched them. He and CanyonCunt repeated the
  process with the tube top. As it fell, out sprung a set of tits that were mind
  boggling. They were perfect! They were fairly large with a wonderful shape
  and just the right size and color of nipples and areolas. Everyone was thunderstruck!
  Who would have guessed it? This bitch had a body that movie stars would have
  died for. She had the most beautiful body that any of them had ever seen. Beneath
  the clothes and beneath the intimidating face was a body made by the gods.  
She looked at each one of them and said, " You've had your fun.
      Now release me and cover me up! Surely you know that my I.Q. is far superior
      to any of yours and you simply cannot get away with this."   
He said, " You're right. You are a brain. And, even better, you
      have the greatest set of tits I have ever seen. You now have a new name
      It is 'BrainyTits'. Soon you will come to cherish the name."   
She replied simply, " Never!"   
Then she closed her lips into a tight, tiny line and stared straight ahead.  
Behind the new captive he had rolled up a large chair. It was the same type
  as used in a hospital for patients who needed to use the toilet but could not
  walk &ndash; could only sit. It was a large wooden chair with arms and a large
  straight back. In the middle of the seat was a hole that would accommodate
  a person's ass. Fastened beneath the hole was a stainless steel pan. He rolled
  the chair up until the front edge was touching the back of BrainyTits legs.
  She twitched a bit but refused to give up any further physical reaction.  
CanyonCunt reached forward and pushed her in the chest so that she had to
  sit in the chair. Her wonderful ass fit nicely over the hole. They quickly
  strapped her arms to the wooden arms of the chair and now she could not move.
  Directly in front of her was a large screen home theater. He told her that
  she was now going to watch a synopsis of his activities for the past four years
  so that she could get a good picture of what was in store for her. He told
  her that this would take almost thirty hours and he wanted her to be comfortable.
  Also, he did not want her to have to get up to relieve herself &ndash; thus
  the toilet seat.  
She stared straight ahead and gave up nothing. Her posture was perfect even
  though bound to this sterile chair. He began the VCR and told his two cunts
  to stay and change the tape as necessary. He left the room to observe through
  the one-way mirror. For the next thirty hours, BrainyTits witnessed hell that
  could only be created by a man. She saw beatings, burnings, brandings, and
  hideous fornication. She saw female apertures being completely violated by
  humans, dildos, and perverted machines. She saw hair being ripped from women's
  most sensitive parts. She saw piercings and burnings. She saw women being hung
  in hideous positions that created pain beyond belief. She saw degradation and
  humiliation. She saw women pissed and shit upon and even immersed in the product
  of bodily functions. She saw endless fucking. She saw women, sometimes strong
  women, completely broken. She saw CanyonCunt broken and was astounded that
  this magnificent physical creature could be so devastated.  
During the viewing BrainyTits went through two bowel movements and several
  bouts of pissing. It was totally humiliating to have to perform this private
  bodily function in front of these two perverts. But she knew she must and she
  did so with as much dignity as possible. She refused to even strain when she
  took a shit. She could control herself! As the pan beneath her became full,
  LardAss exchanged it for a clean one. They also gave her drinks of water during
  her video ordeal. She took these drinks also with great dignity.  
After thirty hours of this she was punchy. She assumed that all of this would
  be done to her and she didn't know how she could maintain her stoic composure.
  She simply could not become a victim like these two bitches who were tending
  her! He returned and she was shaken and terribly tired.  
He said, " Soon, your indoctrination will begin. It will end when
      you say to me with absolute sincerity &ndash; 'Please fuck me'."   
   
She looked up at him and said simply, " Never!"   
Then she returned to looking straight ahead. LardAss positioned herself on
  the floor in front of BrainyTits with her legs spread wide. Then LardAss began
  masturbating, burying her fingers in her own pussy. BrainyTits watched with
  disdain. She could have turned away but she didn't want to give anyone the
  satisfaction of thinking they could make her do anything. Soon LardAss was
  panting and groaning and pussy juice could be seen leaking on to her hand and
  down to the floor.  
When LardAss had determined that she had built up enough juice, she stood
  and walked up to BrainyTits who was still secured to the toilet chair. LardAss
  took two fingers that were completely soaked with her own juice and began rubbing
  the right nipple of the new captive. In spite of BrainyTits' strong will, her
  wonderful nipple began to gain an erection. It was slick with the foreign pussy
  juice and the smell was overwhelming. LardAss kept dipping her fingers back
  into her own pussy as though it were a paint bucket and her fingers were a
  brush. After she had completely saturated the right nipple and tit she moved
  to the left mammary.  
BrainyTits was now beside herself with anger. She could not stomach the thought
  of her personal area being violated, and, especially violated by this horrible
  creature. She was also angry with herself because she could not control the
  involuntary arousal of her nipples. They were hard as diamonds and felt as
  though they could cut glass. In spite of herself she could feel her own pussy
  being aroused and she knew that a bit of juice was being formed down there.  
She had started to masturbate once, many years ago, and quit before it went
  too far. She simply could not stand the thought of being controlled by an impulse.
  When LardAss had finished her task, CanyonCunt walked up, bent over and began
  licking the two nipples ferociously. She would lick one for twenty to thirty
  seconds and then move to the other.  
Her saliva mixed with LardAss' pussy juice seemed to create and even stronger
  scent and BrainyTits thought, " Surely this is what a whorehouse
  must smell like!"   
If possible, her nipples were even harder and now everyone heard the 'ping'
  of liquid falling into the stainless steel pan beneath the chair.  
" Damn!"  thought BrainyTits, " Juice is leaking
      from my private area, I can't control it, and everyone knows it!"   
Her face was screwed up into a horrible mask of anger and frustration. To
  make matters worse, the two bitches were laughing at her predicament. BrainyTits
  had never been the object of anyone's laughter and she was completely beside
  herself with humiliation at this horrible turn of events. CanyonCunt moved
  behind BrainyTits, reached over her shoulders and began viciously massaging
  the aroused tits. At the same time, LardAss had reached down and was slowly
  stroking BrainyTits' pussy. The virgin's clit immediately became aroused and
  sprung out immediately as though it had been waiting thirty-five years for
  this adventure. Now for the first time, BrainyTits was squirming. She would
  have given anything if her ankles and wrists were not restrained so she could
  try to flee. Her body was finally betraying her and she didn't like it.  
She began to feel the beginning of an orgasm for the first time in her life.
  LardAss was smiling and the gap in her front teeth seemed to mock the entire
  ordeal that BrainyTits was experiencing. Suddenly LardAss reached forward and
  planted her fat lips directly on to BrainyTits' mouth. The librarian was startled,
  shocked, and she wanted desperately to escape this new encroachment. Then,
  she felt a tongue plunging in to her mouth. She would have tried to bite or
  fight back but the orgasm had now grasped her entire being and she was out
  of control &ndash; out of control for the first time in her life. She could
  taste LardAss, she could feel her pussy creating a swamp beneath LardAss' hand,
  her tits were rebelling and reacting to the incredibly strong fingers of CanyonCunt.  
As BrainyTits' eyes were rolling around they spotted the man off to the side,
  masturbating vigorously. She saw a liquid forming on the end of his dick head.
  She saw him waddling over toward her, never missing a beat with his hand on
  his thick shaft. Then, CanyonCunt was moving aside and he was behind the chair.
  Suddenly she felt a poke in her disheveled hair bun. She realized the son-of-bitch
  was poking his dick right into the heart of her balled up hair. Then she heard
  him grunt and felt his dick head pulsating. Suddenly something began squirting
  into her hair and on to the back of her head. She could not believe the force
  of the splat. He was coming on her! My God she thought &ndash; how can I endure
  this? It seemed as thought his fire hose of a dick had no end to the amount
  of stuff it was squirting out.  
Now the smell was completely obscene. She felt the stuff running down her
  neck and then down her back. Some of it had rolled over her shoulder and was
  running down on to her breasts. She had become a spittoon for his damn dick
  and balls. She vowed that he would pay for this obscenity even as more orgasms
  began crashing over her own body. Her own body was out of control and she was
  thrashing around vigorously, reacting to all the sensations. She had lost herself!
  For the first time in her life, she actually wept!  
As she recovered from her very first orgasm and from her first sexual encounter
  she collected herself and determined that she would not show this kind of vulnerability
  again. The bastards could have their way with her and she would not give them
  anything! Her three tormentors were looking at her with amusement as they stood
  in a semicircle around her. They were only about four feet from her and the
  smell of sex filled the air. He told her they were now going to have a pissing
  contest. At that, he took a broad-tipped, black magic marker and made an &quot;X&quot; directly
  on to her face. The &quot;X&quot; was a fairly squat as it began on each cheek,
  crossed at her slit of a mouth and ended just around the curve of each side
  of her jawbone. No one had to hold her head because she refused to give them
  the satisfaction of moving while they were drawing the target on her face.  
He backed up so that he was about two feet from her. He tenderly held his
  massive dick and pointed the slit directly at her. She could not believe it!
  Surely he was not going to do this! However, she remembered the images on the
  video and she knew it was so. She vowed not to give them the satisfaction of
  seeing any dismay on her face. Suddenly, a flat, solid stream of yellow piss
  sprung from his dick. His aim was slightly off and it hit her directly on the
  bridge of her sharp nose. She closed her eyes as piss splattered all over her
  face. He adjusted his aim as he lowered his dick just a bit. T he piss now
  found the range and was hitting the &quot;X&quot; dead center &ndash; dead
  center on her mouth. She kept her lips clenched tightly but she could tell
  that some of it was streaming in to her mouth. However, she couldn't open her
  mouth to spit because more fresh supply was still flowing.  
She thought, " Oh God &ndash; how can I survive this?"   
He finally finished as the piss stream began to weaken and track down her
  chin, down her neck, down the marvelous cleavage between her fine tits. It
  was now running into her bush that she had always maintained with such diligence.
  Then a table was rolled over in front of her. LardAss crawled up on the table,
  laid on her back and pointed her fat pussy at BrainyTits. Her feet were raised
  up on the edge of the table and her legs were spread wide. She let loose with
  a stream of piss and it went everywhere, only occasionally hitting any part
  of the &quot;X&quot;. It hit her eyes, her ears, her nostrils, her hair, her
  tits, her shoulders &ndash; nothing was immune from the stream of piss that
  was snaking out to her. It seemed that LardAss could piss forever.  
BrainyTits was drenched and the smell of uric acid was everywhere on her
  body. Her inner spirit was starting to waver. As LardAss finished and rolled
  off the table, CanyonCunt took her place. BrainyTits was aghast! As CanyonCunt
  spread her mighty legs, she displayed the biggest goddamn cunt that BrainyTits
  ever imagined possible! It was a cavern!  
From it, all at once, sprang the greatest stream of piss that perhaps anyone
  had ever seen. It was like the stream from a huge fire hose. Apparently her
  mighty muscles extended to whatever tissue controlled the force of a piss stream.
  The piss hit BrainyTits squarely in the face and actually knocked her head
  back as though she had been hit with a board. With this much force behind it,
  the piss created mighty splatters and even a mist that completely enveloped
  BrainyTits' face. This was too much! This made her angry and her inner spirit
  stopped wavering and took on a new resolve. Let the bastards piss on her &ndash; she
  was still their superior.  
CanyonCunt's piss seemed to be endless. Apparently her big body gave her
  a big bladder and it must have been full. As her stream finally relinquished,
  BrainyTits was a mass of yellow piss. She was drenched. The &quot;X&quot; that
  had been drawn on her face had begun to disintegrate and run with the force
  of the piss that had hit it. Her hair hung down in strands that were soaked.
  Piss was dribbling from her ears on to her shoulders and then on to her lower
  body. Her pussy hair was flattened from so much soaking.  
Even worse, she knew she had swallowed some and it was as bad as she would
  have ever imagined. As he looked at her he had a touch of admiration in his
  soul. She had just been pissed on repeatedly and yet she was still maintaining
  her composure.  
As he continued to gaze at her he said, " We can't determine a
      winner but we think we can figure out who is the loser. More games to come!
      Be assured &ndash; you will say to me: 'Please fuck me'."   
   
She shrugged her shoulders in disdain and reiterated, " Never!"   
He grinned and began planning the next exercise. As she sat perfectly rigid
  in the toilet seat, LardAss and CanyonCunt secured ropes to her ankles. The
  ropes went upward through pulleys attached to the ceiling. Then the bindings
  were released that secured BrainyTits wrists to the chair and ankles to the
  floor. He pressed a button, a machine began humming and BrainyTits felt the
  ropes pulling her legs upward. There was nothing she could do as the ropes
  jerked her upward from the chair and quickly she was being held upside down
  with her head about three feet from the floor. The ropes were far enough apart
  that her legs were pulled apart to easily display her sex.  
The pain in her legs from her own weight was severe but endurable. She actually
  crossed her arms as she hung upside down! He continued to admire her. He didn't
  know how she did it but she was actually maintaining a military posture while
  hanging naked, upside down, with her legs pulled apart! She was a hell of a
  woman! However, he knew he held all the cards and eventually she would break.
  It was just a matter of time and a matter of how severe he wanted to be in
  a given period of time.  
He walked up behind her and ran his finger down the crack of her magnificent
  ass. It was lush! She didn't like it but she vowed to give him nothing that
  would indicate any of her feelings. He moved his finger up to her exposed pussy,
  rummaged through the cunt hair and slowly pressed his finger into her pussy.
  He was astounded! The hymen of her thirty-five year old pussy was still intact!
  This would be the first cherry he had ever popped! He had planned to have CanyonCunt
  fuck her first with a strap-on but this changed everything. He didn't know
  when &ndash; but he was assured that he would be her first fuck.  
She regretted that her anatomy had betrayed her condition. She knew this
  would cause her a heavy payment of pain and degradation. " Fuck them!"  she
  thought. " Let them do their best!"    
   
He nodded at CanyonCunt and she walked over to the front of the hanging pussy.
  He had to raise the load slightly due to CanyonCunt's extraordinary height.
  As the captured pussy came upward, CanyonCunt bent her head downward and planted
  her mouth square on the approaching pussy. It tasted fantastic! She had always
  enjoyed eating women but this was by far the classiest pussy she had ever tasted.
  Her tongue slowly worked its way around the outside edges of the pussy lips.
  They squirmed with ecstasy. She then worked her tongue into the cunt and worked
  in and out in a tongue-fucking motion. BrainyTits was beginning to respond
  in spite of herself. The tongue now began darting in and out in a rapid-firing
  machine gun action. The tongue then worked its way up to the clit and began
  manipulating it in an obscene manner. The tongue knew how to please a woman
  and this woman was being pleased.  
BrainyTits had never felt anything like this. She was enraptured by the moisture,
  the shape, the perfect touch and motion on her very personal parts. Moisture
  was forming in her pussy and CanyonCunt was lapping it up as though it were
  the nectar of the gods. Her saliva was mingling with the pussy juice and the
  liquids were enjoying the mating. As BrainyTits was losing herself to the action
  her crossed arms were changing positions so she could massage her own throbbing
  tits. BrainyTits managed to focus her glazed eyes and she saw just by her face
  a huge mat of pubic hair that covered CanyonCunt's huge pussy. As BrainyTits
  began throwing her pussy into the attacking face, she bent slightly in the
  middle and planted her own face onto the waiting, cavernous cunt. Her tongue
  explored the giant pussy and she discovered that the taste was not as bad as
  she had imagined. She bent a bit more and quickly her nose, mouth, and chin
  were enveloped by the bottomless pussy.  
In the meantime, BrainyTits was building to an orgasm. She thought she could
  control the limits of the orgasm but then a new ingredient had been added.
  She felt hands pulling apart her fine ass cheeks. LardAss had squeezed in and
  was placing her mouth directly on to the tiny, perfect ass hole. Her tongue
  was darting into the very private tunnel and BrainyTits was flabbergasted.
  Her Bible Belt mentality had never imagined that humans would do such a thing.
  She had in fact seen this type of activity on the video to which she was subjected.
  However, her brain refused to deal with the notion of someone's tongue in her
  own ass.  
CanyonCunt and LardAss were bumping heads as they attached the two holes
  and rutted around between the glamorous legs. BrainyTits had now lost control
  of her own orgasm. She was bucking furiously and her own tongue was rummaging
  through the folds of the huge pussy that surrounded her face. She felt CanyonCunt's
  orgasm escalating and quickly BrainyTits was swallowing every drop that she
  could take into her sucking mouth.  
As he observed this, he realized that LardAss was the only one not getting
  off herself. He decided to do her a favor and he moved up behind her and his
  erect dick slipped easily into LardAss' experienced ass. At once she was aroused
  and she was immediately bucking her paunchy belly against BrainyTits' back.
  He was also quickly aroused and now all four of them were experiencing orgasms.
  The bitches were affecting multiple orgasms for themselves as he was coming
  in one long, continuous stream of semen that he was pumping into LardAss' bowels.
  He and LardAss and CanyonCunt finally completed their own satisfaction as they
  backed away from the hanging prize &ndash; their chests heaving with the exertion
  of the monumental sex orgy.  
BrainyTits tried to regain her composure as she once again crossed her arms,
  looked straight ahead &ndash; albeit upside down, and attempted to regress
  back to her perfect posture. The only thing that betrayed her stoic position
  was the pussy juice that was running from the corners of her mouth and her
  own cunt that was leaking her personal juice back into the fine hair around
  her groin. She was not amused! Everyone else was!  
He decided that before inflicting any real pain or scars he should change
  the appearance of something over which she was very proud. He had her strapped
  to the table with her legs spread slightly. He lathered up her pussy with globs
  of warm shaving cream. As he let this set for a few minutes to soften up the
  pubic hair she was watching him closely in the overhead mirror. She didn't
  like what she was seeing. He now had a razor in his hand and it descended slowly
  to her groin area. She could be heard to murmur slightly but she said nothing,
  as she lay there completely rigid.  
As the razor touched just above her hairline, exactly in the middle, her
  skin tried to retract from the touch of the sharp object. He shaved one single
  lane exactly down the middle of her pussy. When the skin was completely bald
  with a lane of about two inches, he took a hot towel and wiped away the remaining
  shaving cream. Her pussy hair was still attractive as it rested on each side
  of the stripe he had created. At the same time, her beautiful pussy lips were
  readily visible and seemed to be beckoning for someone to come to them. Her
  mound rose slightly in the midst of the lane and it was a pleasant sight.  
Although she gave up nothing in the way of feelings, she was really disturbed
  at the altering of the terrain that she had maintained so carefully. Then,
  with just a touch of cruelty, he rubbed Old Spice shaving lotion all over his
  hands and slapped it onto the newly shaved skin. As he rubbed it in vigorously,
  the alcohol in the lotion stung like a son-of-a-bitch. She wiggled in exasperation
  as she experienced her first imposition of pain in her nether region. Although
  this pain was slightly intense, she knew deep down that deeper, more severe
  pain was probably forthcoming at some point. She had no idea, however, of how
  severe or how quickly it would come.  
He had created a branding iron with a tiny brand on the end. In small letters
  it said,  
Please   
Fuck   
Me   
She smelled something as he heated the iron. As he moved it above her cunt,
  it came into her line of vision in the overhead mirror.  
She was now totally frightened. For the first time she begged as she said, " Please
      don't do this! Please! Please!"   
He ignored her pleadings completely and rammed it into her skin, in the bald
  lane, just above her slit. The brand burned deeply and sharply. The aroma of
  burning skin saturated the room. Her eyes rolled upward beneath her eyelids
  and only the whites could be seen. She was now screaming unintelligible words
  as her brain received the complete message that something terrible was being
  inflicted on her body.  
As he withdrew the brand, the words were etched in her skin in deep red letters.
  He told her to open her eyes and look in the mirror. He told her that if she
  didn't he would re-heat the brand and repeat the whole process. She opened
  her eyes reluctantly and they were filled with tears. She saw the letters in
  the mirror and, even though they were reversed, her well-trained librarian
  eyes could determine what they said. He told her that even if he let the pussy
  hair grow back, these letters would still be plainly visible since no hair
  would ever grow back there. She shuddered and now she was openly sobbing. Her
  chest was heaving which only served to make her fine tits more attractive.
  He again told her that if she said the words with utmost sincerity, he would
  punish her no more.  
Somehow, with an incredible force of will, she sobbed, " Never,
      never, never."   
And then, she lost consciousness. When she awoke she found that she was bound
  to the table, face up. In addition to the bindings on her wrist and ankles,
  tight belts were around her stomach and neck. These were held quite securely
  to the table in such a manner that her upper torso was completely immobile.
  The overhead mirror still afforded her a complete view of her body and anything
  that might be done to it. The brand just above her pussy was throbbing with
  pain. She remembered when she had burned herself with hot grease once. The
  pain in that burn had seemed to last for weeks. This burn from the brand was
  much deeper and more intense and she knew she would be suffering pain from
  it for a long time. However, it was her contention that pain was simply a matter
  for the mind to deal with and she knew she could withstand it.  
Then, she saw him placing two strange looking devices above her. They were
  breast pumps that he had modified. They fitted just over her nipples and areolas.
  They were attached to the central vacuum system that was part of his house.
  They also had cords tied to them that allowed them to be lifted to any height.
  He attached each of them to the ends of her tits and turned on the vacuum.
  They immediately engaged her nipple and areola flesh and it felt as though
  they were trying to turn her tits inside out. She could not believe the force
  of the vacuum. The suction cups were made of clear plastic and beneath them
  it could be seen that blood vessels just below the skin surface were beginning
  to burst.  
She thought, " God this hurts like a son-of-a-bitch."   
She knew that the ends of her tits would suffer horrible bruising. Now he
  was using a crank to lift the cords that were attached to the suction cups.
  They were easily pulling her tits straight up. This began to really hurt! The
  cranks gave him excellent leverage and quickly her tits were pulled incredibly
  far from her body to form a perfect cone. Her body tried to rise with the tits
  that were pulling on it but she was, indeed, bound securely to the table.  
With her tits horribly stretched he began to wrap a copper wire around the
  base of each tit. He made three loops around the base of each tit and pulled
  the copper wire tight. Her tit meat bulged around the wires. Then, he took
  two alligator clips and attached them to each of the wire coils around her
  boobs. She could see in the mirror that the clips were attached to wires that
  went outside the vision afforded her by the mirror. He told her that he didn't
  want her to be surprised so she should know that the wires were attached to
  an electric transformer. At that, he moved a lever and she suddenly felt horrible
  charges of electricity drive through her tits. Her tits quivered with the shocks
  and the pain coursed through her body.  
She was thunder struck! It was her first encounter with electricity and it
  was horrible! Her entire body was shaking and her hair was beginning to fly
  straight out from her head. She was screaming but the pain was so intense that
  she felt as though her own scream was coming from far away. He increased the
  voltage and now her pussy hair was straightening out. Her pussy was a strange
  sight as the shaved and branded path went straight down the middle of this
  elongated cunt hair.  
He increased the voltage more and now the copper wire was being overloaded.
  As it overloaded it began heating. Now, in addition to the horrible voltage,
  she was also feeling heat being imposed all around the base of her once-beautiful
  tits. He increased the voltage more and now the copper wire was horribly hot!
  It was burning into her skin. Since it was already wrapped quite tightly around
  her tits she felt as though the heat was almost inside of her proud breasts.  
She was screaming louder now and he and LardAss and CanyonCunt were looking
  down on her as though she were some kind of minor lab experiment. Whiffs of
  smoke were now coming up from her torso and the aroma of burning flesh was
  permeating the room. He finally shut down the current and her heaving body
  tied to slam itself into the table. CanyonCunt and LardAss took pliers to each
  of the copper windings around her still-stretched tits. They ripped the wire
  from her boobs and burnt flesh ripped itself from her tender tits. She screamed
  with agony!  
She was in complete and utter despair as she looked up at the mirror and
  saw the ugly circles that had been burnt into her tit flesh. He shut off the
  vacuum and her bruised tits snapped back to their original shape. Even that
  was painful! She was in complete agony! It was surely impossible for her to
  withstand any more! He bent over her and asked if she had something that she
  wanted to say?  
She did. " Fuck you",  she whispered despite the deep
  and horrible pain.  
He looked at her quizzically and told her that he knew she deliberately subdued
  her body in public so that no one would look upon her sexually. Her eyes betrayed
  her and he knew he had struck truth.  
He said, " Yet with this fantastic body &ndash; I'll bet you spent
      hours in the privacy of your home looking at your self naked."   
Again, her eyes betrayed the truth.  
"Now,"  he said, " when you look in the mirror
      you will see a permanent brand and disfigurement above your pussy! You
      will see eternal rings around the base of your once-proud tits! My work
      will be with you always."   
She began weeping because she knew it was true.  
He looked directly into her eyes and said, " There's one more part
      of your body to be marred. Your ass! It is a good ass. It is a great ass!
      It will no longer be a great ass when I am finished!!!"   
Now she was quivering because she had always liked taking a hand mirror and
  looking over her shoulder at her wonderful ass. It was a prized possession
  of hers. He held up a strange looking device in front of her eyesight. It fit
  in the palm of his hand, vaguely shaped like a pistol with a long needle where
  the barrel would have been if it were a pistol. He told her it was an identification
  kit that the local police loaned out so that people could mark their prized
  possessions. It could engrave symbols or markings on the back of TV's, VCR's,
  and other valuable things. It would engrave into plastic, steel, or wood. The
  local police called it &quot;Operation ID&quot;. He told her that she was,
  in fact, a valuable possession of his and he had wondered if this thing would
  engrave into human flesh? He told her he would tell her how it worked on flesh
  because he was going to try it on the flesh of her ass. He told her that the
  needle reciprocated thousands of times a minute to create the engraving.  
She began begging with him not to do this. Her pussy brand and tit markings
  were hurting to an incredible degree but they no way matched the pain in her
  soul as she thought about her great ass being marked forever. He told her she
  knew the magic words. She shook her head in defiance. LardAss and Canyon Cunt
  released her bindings and flipper her over. They were too quick for her to
  react. However, she did react when her pussy brand and tit markings were slammed
  into the table. She screamed in agony.  
They ignored her and quickly secured her to the table &ndash; face down.
  Strong belts were placed over the small of her back and the upper portion of
  her beautiful thighs to make her ass completely rigid. She quickly determined
  that her ass was totally immobile. He told her that he and LardAss had decided
  to play &quot;tic-tac-toe&quot; on the middle of her left ass cheek. She cried
  with a murmur at this thought. She felt the touch of the needle to her ass
  and he turned it on. It was like the sting of one million bees. He made two
  parallel lines running up and down and then crossed them with two other parallel
  lines running side to side. The engraving device was without pity and beads
  of blood were seeping from each line. She was now screaming uncontrollably.
  He used the device to make an &quot; X  &quot; in
  the middle square. LardAss took it and made an &quot; O  &quot; in
  the upper middle quadrant. Somehow the &quot; O  &quot; was
  more painful that the &quot; X  &quot; as
  the plunging needle formed the curves of the circle.  
BrainyTits was now screaming like a wounded animal &ndash; which, in fact,
  she was. He made an &quot; X  &quot; in
  the lower right corner. LardAss was forced to make an &quot; O  &quot; in
  the upper left corner to block his string. He responded by making an &quot; X  &quot; in
  the upper right corner &ndash; he now could not lose. LardAss made an &quot; O  &quot; in
  the lower left corner to block one of his potential strings. He made an &quot; X  &quot; in
  the middle right box to complete the string and then used the etching device
  to make a straight line on the right side through his &quot; X  's&quot;.  
Blood was seeping from every line and character and she was in terrible pain.
  Her left ass cheek was a mess. She was begging but no one was listening. Then,
  he and CanyonCunt played another game on her right ass cheek. When completed,
  her ass cheeks were a horrible mess of chewed up hamburger. He told her that
  now they were going to apply alcohol lest she become infected. She was in too
  much pain to understand.  
He and CanyonCunt each had a canoe paddle. They stood on each side of her.
  Beside each of them was a bucket of disinfecting alcohol. He dipped the blade
  of his paddle into the bucket of liquid, raised it in the air &ndash; dripping,
  and using both hands and the entire force of his strong upper arms, he slammed
  the blade down on her right ass cheek. It landed with a huge whomp and splat
  and BrainyTits felt as though an atomic bomb had gone off on her ass. CanyonCunt
  repeated the procedure on her left ass cheek. CanyonCunt's upper arms were
  not quite as strong as his but her greater height and arm length gave her more
  leverage. The sound of her paddle blade meeting the ass cheek was even stronger
  than his.  
BrainyTits was out of control. She could not deal with the pain. The two
  paddle swingers ignored her pleadings and now became machines of dipping, swinging,
  splatting. They were relentless and the sounds of their paddles striking flesh,
  even though alternating, were becoming one continuous sound of flesh being
  abused. The blows were monumental in pain. The alcohol on the damaged skin
  canvas was without any mercy whatsoever. Quickly the ass was a combination
  of blood and bruises. It was no longer an attractive sight. BrainyTits was
  a quivering, pained, mass of flesh and bones that were quickly loosing all
  of their beauty.  
She was screaming, and in a note of irony, her librarian screams were actually
  forming all of the vowels. " AaaaEeeeIiiiOoooUuuu  !"  could
  be heard escaping from her lips.  
She was begging and pleading. When they finally finished, her ass was no
  longer a fantastic ass. He held a mirror down so she could look over her shoulder
  into the overhead mirror. She could tell even through her tears that her ass
  had been completely desecrated.  
He told her, " I've now ruined the appearance of your pussy, your
      tits, and your ass! Now I'm going to move from your exterior to your interior!
      Do you have anything to say to me?"   
She knew that her once proud body was ruined. She thought maybe some of its
  appearance could be regained although she did not know how. Most of all she
  knew she had exceeded her limitations of pain.  
She said softly with a quaver in her voice &ndash; almost in a whisper, &quot;Please
      fuck me.&quot;   
He told her that he could not hear her.  
She said more loudly ,   &quot;Please
      Fuck Me!&quot;   
He again told her he could not hear her. She was too far gone to realize
  he was playing games with her. She only knew she did not want any more pain
  or any more defilement of her body.  
She screamed, &quot;PLEASE FUCK
      ME &ndash; FOR GOD'S SAKE PLEASE FUCK ME &ndash; FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK
      ME!&quot;   
He had won! By God, he knew he had won! Now the fun could really begin! LardAss
  and CanyonCunt smiled. They knew that if his attentions were drawn to this
  new creation &ndash; they would be able to avoid some of his more detrimental
  attentions. Life looked good to everyone &ndash; except BrainyTits. They began
  preparing her as though she were a virgin being prepped for the Pharaoh. In
  a sense, she was. LardAss and CanyonCunt rubbed soothing lotion over all of
  her burns and wounds. Ice was put on her bruises to help the swelling go down.
  She was given plenty of good food and drink. When she pissed or shit, one of
  her attendees even wiped her pussy or ass for her.  
The preparation took over two weeks. She was actually regaining her composure
  although her eyes still had a furtive look, as though something awful was just
  around the corner. She wondered what it would be like to have a dick in her
  pussy? She assumed it would hurt but she knew no pain could equal what she
  had already experienced. LardAss and CanyonCunt worked on her hair, trimmed
  her nails and applied makeup on a regular basis. She was beginning to look
  a bit like a princess, although a princess whose body had been desecrated in
  many painful ways. It still hurt for her to sit, as her ass was still quite
  tender. Her breasts were being regularly massaged but it still hurt when the
  probing fingers happened to touch the ring scars around the base of her tits.  
They primped and played with her pussy hair and this served to only accentuate
  the fiery red brand that was just above her slit. The day for her deflowering
  had finally come. BrainyTits looked as beautiful as she had ever looked except
  for the burns and scars on her body. Sweet perfume had been used sparingly
  on her intimate parts and she was ready to be fucked.  
He had put some interesting music in the system; it was the same music to
  announce the entrance of the toreadors in a bullfight. As he entered, he was(of
  course) naked except for a royal purple robe draped over his shoulders. His
  dick was enormous and its head matched the color of the royal robe. His dick
  was still short but the girth was unbelievable. It pointed straight ahead and
  led him to his prize. A small drop of moisture hung on the huge mushroom end.
  His balls seemed to be swinging back and forth in slow motion as he walked
  in very slowly and regally. His pubic hair had been styled and served to frame
  his massive sex.  
She saw all of this and she knew this was going to be one hell of a fucking!
  LardAss and CanyonCunt were walking at his side. Each had a hand on one of
  his ass cheeks and each was massaging him gently. BrainyTits was lying on the
  exam table, her legs well up in the air and spread. Her sex was open and waiting.
  Her pussy lips were pulsating in anticipation of a great unknown. Her tits
  were rising as her pulse and breathing rate quickened. Her wonderful nipples
  were engorged. Her thighs were trembling beneath their great canvas of pure
  skin.  
Suddenly, to her surprise, she realized that she wanted him in her. She actually
  wanted to be fucked by him. She wondered what in the hell had happened to her
  standards! She realized that a new set of standards had overtaken her being
  and she was now going to enter a new arena &ndash; a new source of satisfaction &ndash; a
  new life that would include many adventures, and highs, and lows. Her eyebrows
  were raised as she thought of all of this. His dick head was now only an inch
  from her waiting pussy lips.  
LardAss had a small grasp on his dick and was set to guide it. CanyonCunt
  was behind him with her strong hands on the back of his ass &ndash; ready to
  give him additional thrusting power. His missile was poised and ready &ndash; ready
  to strike &ndash; ready to fuck &ndash; ready to create pleasure. He slowly
  moved his hips forward &ndash; the motion was almost undetectable to the naked
  eye. The forward surface of his dick head was now parting her lips. Her pussy
  had already generated moisture in anticipation. His dick moved forward &ndash; opening
  her pussy &ndash; spreading it apart.  
He met her hymen. Her hymen was not ready to surrender and it seemed to almost
  push back against the intruder. Then with magnificent timing, he plunged forward,
  LardAss released her hold on his dick, and CanyonCunt pushed on his ass with
  all of her giantess strength. He was buried to the hilt as the hymen was forced
  to give up its defense and his wide dick almost split her in two &ndash; parting
  the pussy like Moses parted the sea. BrainyTits emitted one long solid scream &ndash; a
  scream of ecstasy &ndash; a scream of terror &ndash; a scream of acceptance &ndash; a
  scream of a woman receiving her ultimate reward. She had indeed become a woman.  
His pubic bone pressed against her clit and she was ecstatic from the contact.
  She had never known a feeling like this. Before he even began any further motion,
  she was coming. Orgasms were repeatedly flowing over her body. Now he began
  moving &ndash; an incredible sex machine &ndash; fucking her in a way that
  no woman had ever been fucked. His dick was attacking and caressing the lining
  of her cunt. His pubic bone was mashing her clit &ndash; giving it stupendous
  pleasure. LardAss and CanyonCunt were each sucking on one of her nipples &ndash; increasing
  even more the sexual pleasure she was receiving. Her pussy was now a swamp &ndash; a
  swamp created by her own responses. His dick was now slipping easily in and
  out of her love tunnel. She was moaning and begging for more.  
She was now shouting the phrase continuously that she had avoided through
  so much pain, &quot;  FUCK
  ME &ndash; FUCK ME &ndash; PLEASE FUCK ME!&quot;   
She had finally become a sex slave &ndash; demanding his dick &ndash; wanting
  his cum. He gave her what she wanted. His dick throbbed mightily as his balls
  heaved. All at once &ndash; floods of cum were being driven from his dick into
  the very heart of her sex. She felt his flood meeting her flood and it was
  a battle of sex liquids &ndash; meeting, embracing, and becoming one. Now her
  pleasure was attaining even greater heights. Sweat and sex drenched her. LardAss
  and CanyonCunt were biting her nipples and she felt this only as pleasure.
  She was theirs &ndash; waiting for new adventures &ndash; new sex &ndash; new
  pleasures &ndash; new pain.  
As she lay there gasping for breath &ndash; trying to recover from her ordeal &ndash; she
  felt fluids running out of her pussy. She realized this was probably a mixture
  of sex juices and blood. Her pussy was experiencing the sharp pain of torn
  flesh, the dull ache of having her internal tissues pounded so hard, and the
  longing for more of the most incredible pleasure she had ever experienced.
  As she was trying to put all of this together in some semblance of priority
  that made sense, she felt strong hands taking hold of her ankles.  
She opened her eyes and saw an absolutely hideous sight. LardAss had straddled
  her face and the unkept, unsightly, unwashed pussy was directly over BrainyTits'
  face. She didn't know which was worse &ndash; the appearance or the odor. Before
  she could come to grips with this image she realized that her legs were being
  pulled back and this was raising her ass up off of the edge of the table. Then
  she sensed something between her legs. Her vision was blocked by the flabby
  ass and ugly bush that was blocking out everything in a total eclipse of the
  world. She would have been horrified if she could see what was approaching
  her.  
CanyonCunt had put on a huge strap-on dildo and was ready for the attack.
  Her target was the pert little ass hole that was quickly coming in to view
  with the manipulation of BrainyTits' legs by LardAss. CanyonCunt put the tip
  of the plastic prick directly on to the entrance of the unsuspecting anal hole.
  BrainyTits gasped as she realized she was about to be invaded anew on another
  beachhead. She began begging, as she still wanted to maintain the virginity
  of her ass. She was begging to listeners who had no time for begging.  
CanyonCunt wrapped her arms around the upright perfect thighs and propelled
  her hips forward. The plastic prick met plenty of resistance but not nearly
  enough resistance. The ten-inch dildo was buried in the waiting ass as CanyonCunt
  put all of her body into it. BrainyTits screamed as though she were being split
  in two because she felt like she was being split in two. Before she could finish
  her scream, however, LardAss plopped herself down and BrainyTits' face was
  immersed in an avalanche of smelly pussy and a barely-wiped ass hole. BrainyTits'
  scream gurgled to a halt.  
LardAss wiggled her huge hips invitingly but BrainyTits did not understand
  the invitation. This was partially due to inexperience and very much due to
  the effect of having an artificial dick cycled in and out of her tiny ass hole.
  CanyonCunt was now cornholing her unrelentlessly. The dick and her muscular
  hips seemed to have incredible endurance.  
LardAss shouted down to BrainyTits, " When you make me come with
      your tongue, CanyonCunt will quit fucking your ass!"   
BrainyTits was distraught. She had no use for lesbians. She thought they
  were self-absorbed females who were too weak to attract a man. Now she was
  being told she must engage in a lesbian act if her ass hole was to get any
  relief whatsoever. She tentatively stuck out her tongue and hit the shit-covered
  patch of skin between LardAss' pussy and ass hole. Somehow LardAss managed
  to actually clench her ass cheeks and grip the seeking tongue. BrainyTits thought
  she was going to vomit as she tasted shit for the first time in her life. She
  began to try to withdraw her tongue but felt the dildo in her ass hole pick
  up the pace. She knew then that she must get this filthy bitch off if CanyonCunt
  was to ever stop fucking her ass.  
BrainyTits extended her tongue as far as she could and LardAss adjusted her
  position so that her pussy was directly over the darting tongue. The tongue
  was quickly buried in the well-used, filthy, stinky cunt. BrainyTits could
  not discern any improvement in taste as her tongue moved from shit to a rancid
  pussy. BrainyTits finally surrendered her standards completely and began licking
  ferociously, hoping to get the skaggly-looking bitch off. LardAss was beginning
  to feel the effects of the tongue and her pussy was getting greased up. BrainyTits
  tasted the arrival of this additional fluid and it wasn't good. The dildo was
  now going full steam in her ass and CanyonCunt had now leaned forward and was
  rubbing both her thumbs over the clit of BrainyTits. This began to improve
  the situation and BrainyTits was now getting excited.  
As her clit became aroused her tongue became more aggressive. It was now
  working like a piston in LardAss' pussy. LardAss began screaming as she felt
  waves of orgasm overtake her. She was now squirting regularly in the same measure
  as BrainyTits was coming from the manipulation by CanyonCunt's thumbs on the
  aroused clit. Suddenly BrainyTits felt the plastic dick being withdrawn from
  her ass. Just as she thought she was going to have some relief, she felt the
  real thing invade her ass.  
He had regained an erection and he was now plowing into the newly fucked
  ass hole. BrainyTits felt his dick head slide in and it felt ten times bigger
  in her ass than it had in her pussy. In the meantime LardAss had slipped off
  her face but that dirty bottom was replaced by a cavernous pussy. CanyonCunt
  had climbed on board and her giant pussy completely enclosed the face of BrainyTits.
  BrainyTits was astounded that a woman's sex could be so huge and could completely
  enclose her face. She smelled and tasted nothing but sex.  
Meanwhile his huge dick was running rampant in her tiny ass hole. Now she
  really was feeling pain as his dick raped her ass and seemed to grow with every
  thrust. CanyonCunt was now coming just from rubbing her pussy over the buried
  face. CanyonCunt could make a lot of pussy juice! BrainyTits felt as though
  she was drowning in a sea of liquid sex. It was unimaginable. Then, through
  the tender tissues of her inner ass she felt his dick throbbing. Was that a
  vein that she could feel pulsating? God he was going to come! He did! In waves!
  Her inner ass was being drowned in an outpouring of human man juice. He flooded
  her bowels with his seed &ndash; showing no remorse whatsoever.  
BrainyTits thought, " At last some relief &ndash; everyone has
      come. Now I can be let off the hook for a bit."   
But CanyonCunt wasn't moving- she was only grunting and straining! Then BrainyTits
  felt a hot liquid cascading over her face. The goddamn bitch was pissing on
  her face! This was too much! She had endured beatings and burnings and rape &ndash; only
  to be pissed upon again! CanyonCunt raised herself up a bit so that the piss
  would have more of a splashing effect and could spread out its stream before
  coating the waiting face. BrainyTits had her eyes clenched but yet she felt
  another stream hitting her forehead.  
She squinted and realized the man was standing over her head and he was pissing
  on her too! Son of a bitch! Her eyes and nostrils and ears and mouth were being
  invaded by piss! The streams finally began to slacken but this offered little
  relief as the two dribbled and dropped and squirted little finishing streams
  on to her face. She was completely beside herself with her new degradation.
  She did not see how she could endure a life such as this. Her life was pure
  hell!  
She was lying on the table completely spent. Her face was drenched with piss.
  Her pussy and ass were drenched with love juice. Her body was filled with sweat.
  Her ass and tits and pussy were terribly sore. Her emotions were filled with
  despair. He and LardAss and CanyonCunt were standing around her admiring their
  victim. This had been a good sequence! It was now time to pick up the pain
  intensity and the level of degradation!  
He told her to stand up and face the television. He had put a Jane Fonda
  workout tape in the VCR. It was one of her high impact aerobics tapes. He told
  BrainyTits that she must do everything in the tape or she would be severely
  punished. She was familiar with the tape but of course she had never done it
  naked. As the tape began with warm-ups she kept pace. Then it moved into all
  of the high impact movements and she was beating herself to death with her
  own tits. Her tits were flying everywhere and her ass was jiggling like a mold
  of green church Jell-O.  
She was embarrassed as they stood only a few feet from her and commented
  on her technique. They were making snide comments as they told her how stupid
  her tits looked when they were being flattened against her torso and shoulders.
  They told her that her ass was a bag of shit that no one would want. She was
  now sweating profusely and as the tape ended after one hour, she was spent.
  But to her chagrin they rewound it and told her to do it again.  
She managed to barely get through it and now she felt like she was going
  to collapse. They repeated this procedure as they went to the fourth rewinding.
  She was now gasping and heaving and she had vomited three times. They made
  her do the workout through the puddles of vomit and she fell several times
  on the floor, made slippery by her own vomit. She was covered with sweat and
  pieces of food that had attached themselves to her from the vomit. Whenever
  she began to falter, all three of them picked up canoe paddles and asked her
  how was her memory? She kept on but at the end of four workouts it was obvious
  she could do no more. Her body was done for. Her tits actually sagged from
  fatigue. Sweat was running into her burns and scars and the salt burned like
  a son-of-a-bitch!  
Then he placed the blade of his paddle between her legs with the sharp edge
  of the blade pointing toward her pussy. BrainyTits began to cry as CanyonCunt
  grasped the free end of the paddle. He and CanyonCunt lifted the paddle until
  it touched her vagina and ass. She began begging them. LardAss moved over and
  held her right arm so that she could not tip off. At that, he and CanyonCunt
  lifted her a good foot off of the floor. The paddle edge bit bitterly into
  her vagina and ass at the same time. She felt as though the polished wood was
  cutting her in two. He and CanyonCunt began jiggling her up and down as LardAss
  continued to steady her upright. She was now screaming again as the wood bit
  into her most tender bottom parts. Tears were running down from her eyes, mingling
  with the sweat that was everywhere. Drops of blood could be seen forming around
  the blade of the paddle.  
They continued to jiggle her up and down until finally, after an eternity,
  she gratefully lost consciousness. They let her down and they actually had
  to push hard against the paddle to loosen it from the tissue parts that had
  enveloped it. When they jerked it loose her unconscious body actually shuddered.
  They used smelling salts to revive her and she came to consciousness with a
  great deal of reluctance.  
Her pussy and ass were sore beyond belief. She thought it would be weeks
  before the pain subsided. She was moaning as they came to her. He told her
  that he had pills and injections that would relieve her pain. He asked her
  if she would like relief? She begged him with every nuance of submissiveness
  that she could possible muster.  
He looked at her with no feeling whatsoever and said, " You've
      sure got a pretty mouth."   
She groaned because she knew what he meant. Since she had never before seen
  a man's dick she had certainly never engaged in oral sex. Nor had she ever
  even been curious about it. As far as she was concerned it was a dirty, filthy
  practice. However, now her pussy and ass were in agony and she would do anything
  for relief. She didn't say a word. She simply got to her knees with her hands
  at her side and popped her mouth wide open. She was ready.  
He moved up to her until his dick was dangling in front of her face and actually
  just grazing her chin. It was filthy with piss, sweat, and sex juice. There
  was a dank odor emanating from it and his balls and his matted pubic hair.
  LardAss moved up, gasped the semi-flaccid tool, lifted it up and let it fall
  on to BrainyTits' face. A small bubble of juice fell from the piss slit directly
  between her eyes. She didn't move a muscle, she only wanted relief for her
  sharply throbbing bottom. His dick lay there on her face &ndash; her mouth
  still wide open. Her tongue sneaked out and licked the underside of his penis.
  The taste was horrible! She didn't care. She only wanted relief.  
His thick dick began to become aroused and it seemed as though its weight
  actually increased as it reclined on her face. Her tongue moved down and licked
  the balmy hair that covered his balls. As she did this, his dick rolled to
  one side and slid down her right cheek.  
She started to raise her hand to grasp it and he said quickly, " No
      hands! Only your lips and tongue!"   
   
She cried inwardly. She bobbed her head down a bit and began firmly licking
  his balls. One of them was absolutely huge and she concentrated her efforts
  on that one. Soon she was bobbing it up and down with her lips and tongue.
  As she did this, his penis became even more erect and was now jiggling up and
  down, bouncing off of her forehead, her nose and her eyes. At this close range
  she could see the vein on the side of his dick throbbing. She knew it was time.
  She moved her mouth and somehow managed to get it wide open to suck in his
  gigantic dick head.  
The taste and smell seemed to grow as she used her tongue to massage the
  entrance to his slit. She was rewarded by a smooth, sticky glob of pre-cum
  that escaped directly into her mouth. She swallowed it quickly. Now she was
  moving her lips back and forth from the head of his dick to the base of his
  dick. Her mouth was stretched so that she would have sworn that her jaw would
  be dislocated. His dick was now throbbing and the smell of new sex was in the
  air.  
Suddenly, without further warning, his dick exploded into a torrent of thick,
  hot cum -&ndash;cum that coated every particle of the inside of her mouth &ndash; cum
  that got between her teeth &ndash; cum that rolled under her tongue &ndash; and
  cum that forced itself down her gullet before she could even begin to swallow.
  He grasped the back of her head and held her so tightly that her nose was actually
  pushed sideways by his pubic bone.  
She had to swallow &ndash; there was no choice. The cum was worse then she
  would have ever imagined. She knew quickly that there was no joy for her in
  swallowing a man's cum. She felt absolutely dirty! He jerked his dick out of
  her mouth with a satisfying &quot;pop&quot;. LardAss quickly came over to lick
  any remnants off of his penis. She loved licking a used dick! As BrainyTits
  continued to kneel she begged for some type of drugs to remove the pain that
  was knifing through her lower regions. The pain was horrible and was accentuated
  only by the taste of cum that wouldn't seem to leave her mouth. He told her
  one more chore and she would get relief. She instantly agreed to anything.
  At that, CanyonCunt walked over, turned her back to her and bent over slightly.
  Her shapely but huge ass looked like a billboard.  
CanyonCunt said, " Suck my ass hole!"   
BrainyTits sighed, cried, and moved forward on her knees. The crawling on
  her knees caused sharp pains to shoot through her pussy and ass as the memory
  of the paddle blade wouldn't go away. BrainyTits moved her mouth forward as
  CanyonCunt reached back and spread her immense cheeks. It was quite a sight &ndash; nothing
  but ass! BrainyTits thought she would work into it gradually but LardAss came
  up behind her, put her crotch against the back of the slow-moving head and
  used her fat pussy to ram the head directly into the spread ass crack.  
BrainyTits shrieked but hung in there. Her lips were now pressed against
  the waiting hole. She poked out her tongue and it was engulfed by the ass hole.
  Her tongue lolled around inside the tunnel and tasted shit. Shit still did
  not taste good. The manure taste mingled with the cum taste and now she felt
  like a human garbage can. But she hung in there and licked the hole vigorously.
  As she finally felt as though she had removed any remnants of shit in the pulsating
  hole, CanyonCunt cut the mother of all farts. It rippled the skin of the buried
  tongue, shot into the mouth and nose of BrainyTits and she was destroyed emotionally.
  She had just now swallowed and inhaled a rumbling fart and her mind was reeling
  with the devastation of degradation that had been imposed upon her.  
Meanwhile, LardAss was still pressing her pussy against the back of BrainyTits
  head. She felt the need to piss and so, why not? She pissed vigorously into
  the trapped head and BrainyTits could not escape. Her head was captured by
  a fat pussy and a monumental ass. Pain was still reeling through her lower
  body and too much was going on for her to deal with.  
She was shocked when he wiggled in and actually sat on top of her head. Then,
  she felt him grunting and she sobbed without relent. He rose up slightly and
  dumped a huge turd squarely on her head. It rested there like a stupid stocking
  cap &ndash; slightly leaning to one side. The smell was that of a latrine and
  she realized she was a latrine &ndash; a latrine with a horrendous pain in
  her pussy and ass. She sobbingly asked if she could now have some drugs.  
He said, " Fuck you!"   
He then told her that she was to kneel there for four hours and the shit
  must not fall off her head. If it did, he told her that she would have to eat
  it. He pointed out the video camera and told her that even though they would
  be gone, they would be observing her and the camera was always on. The three
  of them left her kneeling in the middle of the room &ndash; piss in her hair &ndash; cum
  and shit in her mouth &ndash; a turd on top of her head &ndash; pain running
  through every part of her body. She knelt there and wondered how she could
  stay in that position for four hours.  
The smell around her was overwhelming. Some of the edges of the shit on her
  head was soft and a bit on the liquid side. It was running down her head &ndash; some
  into her ears, some down the back of her neck, and, to her consternation, a
  dribble of shit was running right between her eyes and down her nose. Now it
  had reached the end of her nose and instead of dropping off it was following
  the contours of her nose and running under her nose. The smell was getting
  worse. Now the dribble of shit was on her upper lip and poised to run into
  her mouth. She wished she were dead! Shit was now running in her mouth and
  her knees were killing her.  
All of the other bruises and cuts and burns on her body were sending ferocious
  pain signals to her brain. How long had she been on her knees? She wished a
  clock were in eyesight so she could try to pace the pain. But, on the other
  hand, if she were to see how slowly time was passing she might be in worst
  shape emotionally. The muscles of her thighs were now starting to scream as
  she continued in the kneeling position. She occasionally moved her head and
  she could tell the pile of shit on top of her head was not completely stable.
  She really did not want it to fall because she really did not want to eat shit.
  She had seen some of his bitches eating shit on the video and to her it was
  a horrible sight. As time became an eternity she had become completely numb
  emotionally.  
Her eyes were glazed over and her lips were moving &ndash; saying something
  completely unintelligible. The three of them came in to watch her. They sat
  cross-legged in front of her in a small semi-circle. They were so close that
  they could reach out and touch her. He told her that she had only fifteen minutes
  to go to complete the contest. It was impossible to determine if she understood
  what he had said. He reached out and flicked her left nipple with his finger.
  She jumped, her head moved too quickly and the shit started to slide to her
  left. Somehow, instinctively, she managed to move her head beneath it and save
  the fall. LardAss reached out and flicked the other nipple. She didn't move
  but tears filled her eyes and her chest began to heave.  
Then, as BrainyTits maintained her kneeling position, CanyonCunt set a candle
  beneath her pussy. The candle was in a holder and it was just about six inches
  below BrainyTits' cunt. CanyonCunt lit the candle and the flame flickered upward
  toward the pussy hair and the bare stripe that ran down its middle. BrainyTits
  felt the heat on her nether region and now she was horrified. What if her bush
  caught on fire? Would they let it burn? Would the heat permanently destroy
  her pussy? Could she eat shit after all?  
It was too much for her brain to deal with but somehow she asked quietly, " How
      much time is left?"   
He told her that six minutes as left. She could smell the singe of burnt
  hair but she could not look down lest she drop the shit on her head. She felt
  the heat now burning the skin around her pussy and she was really frightened!
  Blisters were forming and yet she hung in there.  
Suddenly he hollered, " Time!"  and she jumped back
  causing the shit to plop down across the front of her face, on to her breasts
  and down into her blistered and singed pussy.  
She was now sobbing violently as, for the time being, they had completely
  destroyed her will and self-respect. In a moment of strange tenderness, LardAss
  moved forward and rubbed soothing ointment on her blistered pussy. It might
  have been the only moment of kindness that had ever taken place in that room.
  It was never, ever, discussed and no one ever knew why, for one moment, LardAss
  had empathy with a victim.  
 BrainyTits' lips were moving almost too slowly to be seen but she was whispering
  the same words over and over, " Thank you, thank you, thank you."   
He told LardAss and CanyonCunt to clean her and prepare her to receive a
  meal. At that, he left the room and the three bitch slaves. When he returned
  they were standing in a line with BrainyTits in the middle. She had been cleaned
  quite thoroughly but, nevertheless, she had certainly lost her spunk and haughtiness.
  She was almost completely transformed into a sex slave. He walked up to her
  and told her that she surely must be hungry since she had not eaten in quite
  sometime.  
She replied, " Yes I am hungry, please fuck me."   
He smiled inwardly because he now knew that she had crossed into some exciting
  new territory &ndash; at least exciting for him. He asked her if she would
  like to eat.  
She replied, " Yes I would like to eat, please fuck me."   
He told her that since she had been mistreated so badly, one of them would
  feed her. She could determine which one.  
She looked at him quizzically, and said, " Please fuck me."   
He told her that she would have the privilege of licking each of their ass
  holes. Whichever one she liked the best that would be the one who would feed
  her. Her eyes took on a new hint of sadness as she looked from one to the other.
  He told her that she could start with LardAss. He directed BrainyTits to lie
  on the floor, face up. She did so quickly but with obvious sorrow. LardAss
  then straddled her face and began hunkering down, descending her ass to the
  reluctant mouth. BrainyTits' eyes widened as she saw the ass hole coming closer
  to her face, like a giant, ugly, shitty meteor. Finally, but much too quickly,
  the ass hole was on her lips. It reeked of sweat and shit. BrainyTits extended
  her tongue to the waiting hole. The texture was slightly damp and slick. It
  tasted of old shit. There were small hairs all around the ass hole that brushed
  the outside surface of her tongue. She reluctantly began flicking her tongue
  back and forth and side to side. LardAss' large cheeks quivered as her many
  nerve endings felt the wet, erotic tongue lapping at the soft tissues of her
  ass hole. There simply was nothing that felt like a tongue in an ass!  
There was ringing in BrainyTits' ears from the shock to her emotions but
  she heard his voice say faintly, " You only have to do each of us
  for fifteen minutes. Just think &ndash; the total elapsed time will only be
  forty-five minutes of ass-licking!"   
He then hinted that she better pick up the pace or it would not count. She
  quickly began working her tongue more vigorously. She was tasting and swallowing
  shit and sweat but LardAss' fat butt was becoming cleaner than it had been
  in weeks &ndash; maybe months. As he indicated time was up, CanyonCunt quickly
  replaced LardAss.  
This new butt was firm and absolutely huge. CanyonCunt obligingly grasped
  her own butt to spread her immense cheeks. BrainyTits felt as though she was
  moving her face between two huge boulders. Her tongue began working and CanyonCunt
  began sighing. It was a great feeling. CanyonCunt had better hygiene but all
  that translated to was a taste of fresher shit. Her ass did stink and it seemed
  to put out more stenches as BrainyTits' tongue spread the nether tunnel. The
  newest victim was now a non-thinking machine &ndash; simply licking and probing
  and tasting and swallowing whatever was pulled into her mouth by her searching
  tongue. CanyonCunt could not resist cutting another satisfying fart during
  the procedure.  
BrainyTits hesitated, gagged, but returned immediately to her task. Finally
  the time requirement was fulfilled and the large feminine ass was replaced
  by his hairy, male shit-hole. It was the worst of all of them. His giant balls
  were swinging freely and bouncing repeatedly off of her chin. The thick hair
  seemed to catch many things including shit particles, rolled-up balls of toilet
  paper, and anonymous liquids that had become scaly. CanyonCunt had placed her
  hands beneath the back of BrainyTits' head and was mashing her face completely
  into the hideous ass. Her tongue did continue to flick in and out and he was
  getting an erection. BrainyTits was now sucking his ass vigorously and she
  felt as though time was dragging.  
She had no way of knowing that he cheated. He let her lick his ass for over
  forty-minutes. He was not just a run-of-the-mill sadist, he was a fucking cheating
  sadist! Finally he declared that she had met the terms of the agreement. He
  asked her which ass was the best so that it could be determined who would feed
  her. She was in a quandary. She was completely perplexed. She knew this was
  a trap but she could not see where the jaws of the trap resided. Her mouth
  was full of scummy, distasteful shit and other substances. She kept swallowing
  the bile that seemed to be eternally rising in her gullet. Her body was still
  in tremendous pain from all of the insults that had been thrust upon it. She
  was in no position to make a decision and she suspected there was no &quot;right&quot; decision.
  She finally concluded that women can always be more sinister to other women
  then could men.  
She looked at him and said, " I choose you sir &ndash; please fuck
      me."   
He smiled. He said, " Let me get some food and I will personally
      feed you."   
He returned later with a marvelous looking platter of food that he carried
  on an expensive looking tray. The highlight of the plate was a prime rib that
  was obviously cooked blood rare. This was all right with BrainyTits because
  that's the way she preferred her steak. Along with it was a large helping of
  mashed potatoes that was covered with garlic butter. Then, there was a side
  dish of mixed vegetables covered with melted cheese. BrainyTits thought that
  perhaps her ordeal was over and she was going to be treated somewhat humanely.
  She was soon to be disappointed.  
She watched as he sliced off a very large piece of steak. As he lifted it
  to his mouth, the blood was dripping from it rather freely. He began chewing,
  and chewing, and chewing. After what seemed to be an eternity, he opened his
  mouth wide and showed her the coagulated mess that was in his mouth. It was
  an obscene mixture of masticated meat particles, blood, and saliva. BrainyTits
  was watching him so intently that she did not notice the two bitches who had
  come up behind her. CanyonCunt grasped each side of her face and forced her
  head back until her face was pointing upward. LardAss looked down on her terrified
  face and demanded that she open wide! She did so automatically out of the experience
  of the rewards of disobedience.  
He moved over to her, placed his face directly above hers &ndash; only an
  inch from her wide-open mouth. Then, he began pushing the awful mess into her
  mouth. She was completely beside herself with revulsion. She tasted the chewed
  up mess, the blood, his saliva, and it was obvious that he had been drinking
  because all of it reeked of alcohol.  
He told her, with stuff still dripping from his mouth, " If you
      don't eat it all, you will be branded everywhere on your body!"   
She began sobbing as she chewed up the garbage in her mouth and slowly swallowed
  it. The taste was horrendous. Then, he took a huge mouth of garlic rich mashed
  potatoes and worked them in his mouth. The portion was so large that his cheeks
  were bulging. She was almost out of control of her emotions as he once again
  opened his mouth to show her what she was about to eat. This went on for thirty
  minutes. Thirty minutes of disgusting food that he had chewed and saturated
  and then pushed into her waiting mouth as though she were a waiting bird &ndash; receiving
  a chewed up worm from its parents.  
She finally consumed all of the hideous mess and her stomach was rolling
  in protest to the emotions that her brain was experiencing. She had become
  a garbage disposal! He then told her she could have some key lime pie for dessert.
  He also indicated that he would not chew this up for her, she could do that
  herself. She knew there was a catch and it would be awful. CanyonCunt had lain
  on her back and was propping her mighty ass up in the air with her legs spread
  wide. He had a whole key lime pie in his hands and he walked over to her upturned
  cunt. The lips were wide open and it was a sloppy, slippery receptacle. He
  slowly pushed the pie out of the pan into the waiting pussy. The monumental
  cunt easily took in the entire pie. Her body heat quickly began melting the
  pie and, in a semi-liquid form, it began mingling with the juices of her pussy.  
He looked at BrainyTits and said, " You have ten minutes to consume
      that pie! If any is left after ten minutes you will be severely punished!"   
She was frozen with consternation but as she saw him trip his stopwatch she
  knew she had to get busy. She crawled over to the upturned pussy, laden with
  pie. There was no easy way to do it so she simply buried her face in the waiting
  food-filled sex of the giant woman. Some of the pie had soured in response
  to the body heat and the taste was awful &ndash; even worse than the chewed
  up food he had been pushing into her mouth. She gagged but somehow kept on
  licking and eating. Some of the food had worked its way in quite deeply and
  she had to really grub for it. This served only to arouse CanyonCunt and her
  pussy began to produce more juices. Now her cunt was a cesspool of disgusting
  food particles and sex remnants. But, BrainyTits was driven and she worked
  in earnest, determined to leave absolutely nothing in this human bowl of sex.  
Her face was coated with liquid stuff that smelled and tasted like the worst
  substance on earth. At nine and a half minutes she raised her tired and forlorn
  face and proudly, she displayed a cunt that was completely devoid of any food
  particles. She was almost as proud of herself as a puppy that had just done
  something its owner wanted. God, how she had changed! He actually looked at
  her with sadness because he had decided to rid himself of her in one last totally
  decadent action.  
He had leased a huge trailer that was parked at a truck stop in a remote
  rural area. The truck stop was on a major interstate and, being hundreds of
  miles from any other stop, it was a natural stopping place for thousands of
  truckers. He had changed the trailer slightly on the inside. About halfway
  into the trailer, he had built a partition from one sidewall to the other.
  The partition was approximately thirty inches high. Directly in the center
  of it was a half circle on the top edge. There was a large beam with a matching
  half circle that could be locked to the top of the wall, creating a full circle
  that was large enough to capture a slender waist. In reality, the wall was
  built like stocks that were used in Puritan times for punishing wrong doers.
  However, those stocks had holes that contained only the head and hands. This
  hole was used to capture a person around their waist.  
He had spirited BrainyTits into the trailer late at night. She had been blindfolded
  and she had no idea where she was. There was a layer of thick straw on the
  floor. She was completely naked and her feet were in great stress as she walked
  across the straw. He removed her blindfold and lifted the top beam. He then
  directed her to bend over the bottom half of the partition so that her waist
  was fitted in the semi-circle opening. After she did this he lowered the heavy
  beam on to her body. He locked the beam in place. The apparatus now captured
  her body and she could not move. He then moved a small platform into place,
  lifted her hips and had her stand on the platform. It was fairly wide with
  rings on it and he secured her ankles to the rings, pulling her legs wide apart.
  She was now in great physical stress as the tendons in her legs were stretched
  quite severely. Her ass was perched high in the air, spread wide, easily displaying
  her beautiful pussy and her bud of an ass hole.  
He hopped over the partition and knelt down in front of her bent-over body.
  He moved a trough into place that was divided into two segments. One segment
  contained a brackish liquid, the other section contained some type of coagulating
  gruel. She was now weeping openly at her position. She asked him what was going
  on. He told her he had sold her to the owner of the truck stop. She was to
  be a product he intended to sell to all of the truckers whom he had befriended.
  The going rate was to be $5.00 a pop. The owner intended to work on volume
  not quality. She was horrified! He told her the owner would sell her holes
  only to truckers he knew. He would regularly keep her trough supplied with
  'food' and water. She could shit or piss where she stood. Her stall would be
  mucked out once a day. She begged him not to do this. She pleaded. She offered
  anything. She wondered how she had gone from a proud head librarian to a sex
  object of the lowest order?  
He said, " Not to worry, you have two holes &ndash; your pussy
      and your ass. You're in good shape &ndash; you should last a long time!"   
She again pleaded and told him she could not stand the thought of being repeatedly
  fucked her in the ass!  
He told her, " Not to worry &ndash; I'm going to help you out!
      I'm going to grease up your ass hole now so it will be ready for all comers!
      I get to be your first fuck in this setting &ndash; as a professional courtesy
      from your new owner. I will grease up your ass real good!"   
She began sobbing openly &ndash; begging and begging and begging! It was
  to no avail. He had hopped back over the partition again &ndash; on to the
  'ass' side of the barrier. His dick was throbbing in anticipation of popping
  her ass! His weapon was poised and ready as he pressed his huge purple dick
  head against her little hole in the cleft of her ass. She was crying bitterly
  now and he heard nothing. He had rubbed a small dollop of saliva on his head
  and, with one giant motion, he buried his dick to the hilt in her reluctant
  ass hole.  
She screamed in agony as tissue was torn and her hole was spread wider than
  it would have ever thought possible. He was pumping her now, banging against
  her fine ass cheeks, ignoring her cries of pain and shame. His dick was throbbing
  as his balls wrapped around her pussy. He felt it coming and then it came &ndash; a
  mighty spewing of seed into her very bowels. She felt it and it was hot and
  huge and creamy! Her ass hole was sore beyond belief. As he withdrew drops
  of his cum were mixing with fresh blood and falling to the straw-covered floor.
  Her entire body was heaving.  
A spotlight had been set up in the trailer and it highlighted her high, spread-wide
  ass. The games of tic-tac-toe that were carved into her ass cheeks were easily
  visible. As he was buckling up his pants he heard a lot of jabbering outside
  the trailer. Her new owner was there and behind him about thirty truckers.
  There was a telltale bulge in every pair of jeans that was lined up. The men
  were discussing whether they would go for the ass or the cunt. Some said they
  didn't even want to fuck, they just wanted to piss. Word was getting around
  fast via short-wave radio and many more of them were on their way.  
Her former owner leaned over the partition and whispered, " Your
      fans are lined up. Congratulations and good fucking!"    
   
Suddenly, BrainyTits felt a dick knocking at her pussy door. She heard lots
  of laughing behind her. She smelled sex. She felt fear. She knew she was in
  for many long days and nights of fucking with no relief. Her stomach churned
  as the dick entered her pussy and she felt a man's blubbery, hairy stomach
  pressing against her butt and a set of sweaty balls bouncing off of her pussy.
  He finished quickly as she felt his hard dick splash a load of cum deep into
  her pussy. He let his dick set inside her for a bit as it grew flaccid. When
  he withdrew he dragged out a load of cum that saturated the entrance to her
  cunt. She could feel its slipperiness and it brought up a huge feeling of revulsion
  deep inside her.  
Then, before she could process what had just taken place, she heard a different
  man stomp up behind her. From his speech it was obvious that he was a black
  man. This completely revolted her because she had a deep prejudice against
  all men of African descent.  
The new customer said, " Yo' &ndash; bitch &ndash; get ready for
      a big black snake in yo' ass ho'".   
   
She was completely distraught as she realized a black dick was going to be
  imbedded in her ass. Her spirits fell to a new low as she felt the long, uncircumcised
  dick plunge into her bowels. She could feel the huge black balls slapping against
  her soaked pussy. She wept as she felt the cum from this man hit dead center
  in her bowels and coat the inside of her shit tunnel. As the man withdrew from
  her, and from the trailer, her new owner entered.  
He leaned over the partition and whispered to her, " Don't worry,
      I treat my possessions right! When you've earned $500(@$5.00 a pop), you
      can take a break! You should be able to take a break after about sixteen
      hours! Also, you have the possibility of complete freedom. When you have
      earned $100,000 for me, you are free!"    
Somehow in her horrible position she was able to get together the wherewithal
  to do the math and she knew she was doomed! It was going to take 20,000 fucks
  to earn her freedom. She was sobbing deeply as she felt another strange dick
  enter her pussy.  
She thought with great sadness, " After this one, only 19,997 to
      go!"   
Her new keeper seemed to sense her silent calculations. He said, "Oh,
      did I mention something? I have formed a Frequent Fucking Club. For every
      ten fucks that a guy pays for, he gets a free fuck. So, it may be difficult
      for you to actually calculate how many you have left."   
Even in her cramped, captivated position, her entire posture sagged noticeably.
  She knew she was fucked!  
Coming Soon &ndash; the Conclusion &ndash; Chapter XI &ndash;   LardAss
        and JelloJugs   
   
(or &ndash; Even Cowgirls Get the Blues and LardAss Gets Her Reward)   
The LardAss Saga   
by JEP   
Chapter XI   
LardAss and JelloJugs   
(or &ndash; Even Cowgirls Get the Blues and LardAss
      Gets Her Reward)   
He was looking down at his newest acquisition as she was secured, naked,
  to the table. She was unconscious from the chloroform, and, spread-eagled.
  His balls were resting on her eyes and his thick dick rested over her nose
  and mouth. She was a small-time country/western singer who fronted for a local
  bar band. She tried to emulate Dolly Parton. The part of Dolly that she came
  close to was in the size of her jugs. They were two huge mounds of tit meat,
  completely shapeless.  
Earlier, LardAss and CanyonCunt had been holding her unconscious body upright
  when he cut off her clothes. As soon as he clipped the straps of her giant
  torpedo bra, her fat tits had fallen down below her waist. When they laid her
  on the table, her two jugs had separated like two giant white whales trying
  to get away from each other. Now, her mammoth mammaries lay on each side of
  her torso, almost under her armpits. Atop each mound of flesh were huge nipples
  and areolas. Even though they were not aroused, they were still upright and
  thick and extremely hard. Likewise, her areolas were very large as they formed
  a steep ridge between her white tit meat and her nipples. Even though his balls
  and dick obscured most of her face, he could see a part of her mouth twitching
  and he knew she was beginning to regain consciousness. She was one of those
  people who carried out silent dialogues with themselves when they were trying
  to figure out something.  
What the fuck happened? I can't see! I can't open my eyes! Where
        am I? I remember coming through the back door of the bar and then somebody
        grabbed me and put something smelly over my nose and mouth. Why can't
        I open my eyes? Am I in the hospital? I can tell I'm naked. Why can't
        I open my eyes? I'm lying on a steel table. Why do they have my head
        so far up? It's almost off the edge of the table and bent backwards.
        Why can't I open my eyes? Where the fuck am I? There's something heavy
        and clammy and furry on my eyes. Why is that there? That's why I can't
        see! What's on my nose and mouth? Whatever's on my face smells familiar.
        Why don't they take it off so I can open my eyes? God, my nipples hurt
        like a son-of-a-bitch! What happened to them? Something's in my pussy!
        God it hurts! Wait, something else is in my ass! What kind of hospital
        is this? Wait, I recognize that smell. Some guy's balls and dick are
        on my face! What the fuck is going on?   
He could tell that she was become more aware as her brain tried to sort out
  all the strange circumstances that its body had been subjected to. While she
  was unconscious he had inserted two huge needles through her hard nipples.
  The needles were still in place and small droplets of blood were seeping from
  each puncture. Also, he had taken two cords that were used to start lawn mowers.
  Each cord was about eight feet long. One end of each cord was secured around
  a handle for pulling the mower. Upon the other end of each cord, he had tied
  a series of knots &ndash; about two inches apart. LardAss had taken one cord
  and stuffed all the knots into the captive's pussy.  
Her pussy wasn't nearly as big as CanyonCunt's, but it was still very large
  and obviously well used. CanyonCunt had taken the other cord and rammed it
  up the new arrival's ass hole. This had been a tighter fit but the tight hole
  could not resist CanyonCunt's strength. This ass hole had obviously been used
  for something other than taking a shit but it was still relatively tight.  
He looked down at her, chuckling as he could see the two handles dangling
  from the bitch's cunt and ass. It was an interesting sight! His eyes, however,
  were constantly drawn to the two huge shapeless mounds of meat that were called
  tits. They were jiggling now and they looked like two giant piles of Jell-O.
  That's when he got his inspiration for her new name. He always had taken pride
  in his names and he did not take the selection of them lightly. She would be
  called 'JelloJugs'. It fit her perfectly. He reached down and lifted his huge
  sack from her eyes. As he looked down at them, they snapped open. Her view
  was hideous!  
Jesus Christ, I'm looking at the underside of some bastard's
        balls! Christ &ndash; look at the size of that dick! It isn't long but
        it is as wide as a fence post! Oh God, there's pre-cum dripping off the
        end! Here it comes! I can't move! I'm strapped down! There's a vise holding
        my head! Oh God, his juice just landed on my lips! My mouth is so dry!
        Oh no! I shouldn't have opened my lips! Now the juice is flowing into
        my mouth! Oh God! I've got to swallow! God, I hate swallowing stuff out
        of a guy's dick! Why are my nipples so sore. What the hell did they put
        in my pussy and ass? It feels like they're being stretched and rubbed
        raw at the same time!   
He looked down at her quizzical look and plopped his heavy balls back down
  on top of her eyes. He reached down, took the needle in her left nipple between
  his thumb and forefinger and rotated it like a propeller until it had turned
  360 degrees. She squealed like a stuck pig! He released it suddenly and her
  nipple quickly rotated back to its original position.  
She was breathing hard now and her tits were really quivering. He examined
  the rest of her body with his eyes. She had a slight paunch in her belly. Her
  navel was exceptionally deep with strands of lint in it. She had a huge triangle
  of hair covering her pussy area. It betrayed the fact that she was not a true
  blonde. Although her head was covered with curly, platinum blonde hair that
  flowed over her shoulders, her pussy hair was a dingy brown color. Her thighs
  were a bit thick though not as thick as LardAss'. She had somewhat of a strange
  shape that did not fit with her short, 5'0 frame. Huge tits and a broad ass
  with a tiny waist despite the paunch on her belly. When she had been held upright,
  he did enjoy the sight of her broad butt. He was partial to big butts. The
  rope handles hanging out of her stretched pussy and ass were a nice touch.  
He looked at his two bitches and said, " Start your engines!"   
LardAss went first. She used two hands to grasp firmly the handle on the
  rope hanging from JelloJugs' cunt. LardAss put her entire body into it as she
  gave a mighty pull on the rope. It came screeching out of the dry hole, the
  knots ripping inner tissue as they were pulled out against their will. JelloJugs
  screamed in agony! Before she could even begin to think about what was taking
  place, CanyonCunt grabbed the other rope handle, put her entire muscular body
  into one ferocious yank and painfully jerked the rope from the ass hole in
  which its knots were so secure. JelloJugs had never felt such pain and she
  screamed an even higher pitch of agony!  
My God &ndash; what in the hell are they doing to me?! I've
        had lots of objects up my pussy, and even a few up my ass. Nothing felt
        like this! I think they took all the skin off of the inside of my holes!
        Shit &ndash; will I ever to be able to fuck again? Even worse, I have
        to shit some time or another. How can I take a shit now? Who are these
        bastards? Why me? My God, this guys balls stink! And they're so fucking
        heavy! Who has balls this big? Oh God help me &ndash; my pussy and ass
        are aching! What the hell did they do to my nipples? God &ndash; why
        are they doing this to me?   
He finally changed his position and removed his balls from her eyes. Now
  his dick was just above her eyes and he was stroking it tenderly. She had to
  somewhat cross her eyes to focus on his tool and it was the damnedest thing
  she had ever seen.  
In &quot;cuntry&quot; music I've seen and fucked and sucked
        a lot of dicks. Many were longer but none were even close to being as
        thick as this bastard's. My pussy is fairly large but I'm not sure it
        would accommodate this one! What the fuck? There's a mirror up there.
        I can see my body. God they've put needles in my nipples! What the hell
        are they hooking on to them?   
Her mouth was still dry from the chloroform and she still could not articulate
  words. Her screams had been animal utterances with no meaning beyond the acknowledgement
  of surprise and pain. LardAss was hooking clips to each of the steel needles
  in the victim's nipples. The clips were connected to wires that led to an electrical
  transformer. CanyonCunt twisted the rheostat knob on the transformer and surges
  of electricity began coursing through the inflicted nipples. The skin on the
  fat tits began vibrating in waves and JelloJugs was crying like an animal being
  slaughtered. In a touch of irony the ripples on each pile of tit were opposite
  each other. When a portion of skin on the left tit was cycling upward, the
  similar portion on the right tit was cycling downward. It was like watching
  the Atlantic and Pacific oceans with one tide going out as the other came in.  
She was screaming without pause now and her eyes were wider than anyone would
  have thought possible. Her long false eyelashes were loose and flopping around
  above her eyes. Her eyeballs were now focused on his dick, which he was stroking
  with new vigor now. She could actually see a vein throbbing on the side of
  this dick. The purple head was obviously gorged with blood and she could feel
  his giant balls heaving on the top of her head.  
This son-of-bitch is going to come on me! God &ndash; the electricity
        is ruining my tits! I think they're going to explode! Who in the hell
        are these people? Why me? Oh God, please don't come on my face. I like
        cum in my two holes but I hate it on my face!   
LardAss had moved now and removed the clamps holding JelloJugs' head. The
  clamps were replaced by LardAss' hands and she was tilting the head back and
  to the side. He was placing his piss slit directly on to JelloJugs' left nostril.
  He was stroking with all his might now and his dick and balls were throbbing
  mightily. He could feel the cum building up and wanting to escape its reservoir.  
Jesus Christ this fat bitch's hands are strong! Oh shit! He's
        going to cum in my nose! Holy crap, the electricity is still flowing
        and it hurts like a son-of-a-bitch! What the fuck is going on?   
He was looking down and the rippling effect on her flabby tits was arousing
  him and his stroking was bringing his dick to a conclusion. Suddenly, loads
  of cum were splashing directly into her nostril, up into her sinus cavities,
  through her nose and into her mouth and throat. The pain to her sinuses from
  his load was even worse than the pain of the electricity flooding her chest.
  She was coughing now, trying to rid her cavities of his stringy cum. It only
  made matters worse! She tried to twist out of the firm grip that was holding
  her head but it was to no avail. Load after load of cum was clawing its way
  into her head cavities. Semen was running rampant in her facial mask and it
  was atrocious!  
My God I'm going to drown in this bastard's cum. Jesus Christ
        this stings! When will they shut off the fucking electricity? How much
        cum does this bastard have? Will it never end? Wait &ndash; it is ending.
        What the hell is he doing now? Jesus Christ he's wiping his dick head
        on my lips! Wait a minute! Why is he straining and grunting? Oh no! This
        son-of-a-bitch is going to piss on me! Oh no &ndash; here it comes!   
A guitar player had once asked if he could piss on her when they were taking
  a shower together. She had kneed him in the nuts and that got her a reputation
  as a hard ass bitch. Now this bastard was pissing all over her face &ndash; in
  her eyes, her nose, her mouth, and, worst of all, in her cowgirl, fake-blonde
  curls that so gloriously framed her hard face. She was gagging and crying and
  had completely forgotten about the electricity that was still abusing her sagging
  tits. CanyonCunt determined this and shut off the current. Why waste electricity?
  As he finally finished pissing he shook the remaining drops on to her face.
  Then, to her chagrin, LardAss bent down and began licking his piss from JelloJugs'
  face.  
Who is this cunt? My God she's actually licking his piss, and,
        she's licking it off of my face. Jesus Christ, she's putting her tongue
        into my mouth! I can taste her filthy tongue and his piss! God, I hate
        lesbians. I believe God made Adam and Eve &ndash; not Adam and Steve!     Jesus
        my tits hurt. My pussy hurts. My ass hole hurts. My face hurts. My mouth
        tastes like a cesspool. Of course, it is a cesspool! Worst of all &ndash; the
        bastards ruined my hair! The hair that took me years to develop!   
CanyonCunt had now moved over, leaned down, and buried her face in JelloJugs'
  hairy cunt. She immediately began working her tongue on the clit that was hid
  in the jungle of pubic hair. It was instantly aroused and CanyonCunt knew she
  had the bitch right where she wanted her. She moved her tongue down into the
  slit and discovered a pussy that was almost, but not quite, as big as her own.
  Good! This was something she could work with.  
The bitch is eating me! God, she's a big one! And her tongue!
        It's stronger than any dick that's been in me! I don't know &ndash; maybe
        there's something to lesbianism after all. This bitch went instantly
        to the right buttons &ndash; arousing me immediately and with an untapped
        force that I had never experienced. It always took guys a lot of rummaging
        around to do anything that satisfied my needs. Some guys never could
        get the job done, they just used me as a depository for their fluids.
        I'm going to have the mother of all orgasms.   
At that, JelloJugs was now straining against the straps that were holding
  her down. All of her muscles were flexing and throbbing. Her pussy was creating
  hordes of juice and she was soaking wet from her own fluids. She had been eaten
  by men before but none had a tongue as long, and as quick, and as powerful,
  and as knowing as this bitch tongue that was invading her. Now CanyonCunt was
  moving her lower body up on to the table and, while not ceasing any of her
  tongue action, she was straddling JelloJugs' face. CanyonCunt, being so tall,
  had to scrunch up her body to line up her huge pussy with JelloJugs' mouth.
  But, with a knowing intuition, she located herself perfectly and plopped her
  cunt down on to the surprised mouth.  
God, I've never felt sex like this! Holy shit, I'm being buried
        in a giant cunt! God, it's surrounding my entire face! Jesus, it really
        does smell like fish! Maybe if I eat her she'll eat me even more. I'm
        going to do it. Here goes!   
Now both tongues were exploring and giving excitement to pussies that were
  available. Both women were fucking with ecstasy and soaking the faces that
  were implanted in them. They both came simultaneously in waves of female orgasms
  that were mind-boggling to watch. And, he and LardAss were watching with interest
  and amazement as these two gave each other the ride of a lifetime. It was incredibly
  erotic to be an observer of such raw sex at such close range. All the time
  they were watching, LardAss was fingering her own clit with one hand and playing
  with his balls with the other hand. As JelloJugs and CanyonCunt finally concluded
  their adventure together, they lay in a collapsed, sweaty, heaving, gasping
  pile of raw, female sex flesh.  
Goddamn! That's the best orgasm I ever had! Who would have thought
        it possible? And, after getting past the smell, pussy actually tastes
        good! Maybe a bit of this captivity thing isn't so bad after all!   
He saw the satisfied look in her eyes and decided it was time to show her
  once again the other side of the coin. He picked up his canoe paddle and gave
  a mighty two-handed swing to CanyonCunt's side. It landed with a splat, she
  cried out in surprise and was driven off of the body of JelloJugs. JelloJugs
  was taken by surprise.  
This is one of his bitches! The son-of-a-bitch just whomped
        her! Jesus Christ &ndash; what will he do to me?   
He picked up two of his electronic collars that he had not been using for
  some time. He grabbed a chunk of JelloJug's right tit and fitted one collar
  over the massive boob. It was a tight fit and he had to roll it over all the
  flab until it resided on the base of her tit. He repeated the process with
  the other tit. Then, he cinched them up tight until they were buried in rolls
  of tit flesh. He tried pulling them off and assured himself that they were
  tight. They were so tight that masses of tit meat ballooned out around them,
  making them almost invisible. Then, he hit the dual remote.  
God! The bastard is electrocuting me. Jesus, I think my tits
        are on fire! Oh, God! I can't stand it!   
Her tit meat was rippling in rhythm to the pulsating electricity. Her eyes
  were bulging and her mouth was open in an attempt to scream but her vocal cords
  were paralyzed. He let the electricity flow for thirty seconds as her eyes
  rolled in her head and she approached a state of unconsciousness. Finally,
  he let up on the remotes and gave her relief from the tremendous surges of
  electricity coursing through her body.  
He nodded at LardAss and she grabbed each tit. After he none-to-gently removed
  the pins in her nipples she turned the tits toward each other and lined up
  the bulging nipples so that the holes were directly in line with one another.
  LardAss held them there as he inserted a ring through each nipple. Now the
  two tits were joined, facing each other. Her tits still sagged, but with this
  new restriction, they did not sag nearly as low as before. They now formed
  a U-shaped, inverted rainbow of tits across her lower torso.  
The weight of her huge tits was pulling ferociously on the ring through the
  nipples and her nipples were in agony. She groaned but still could not speak
  from the effects of the electricity she had experienced. He nodded at his two
  bitches, they quickly released her bonds, flopped her over, and smashed her
  on to the table, face down. Finding her voice, she screamed in surprised agony
  as the weight of her body mashed down upon her joined tits &ndash; tits that
  could not escape the thrust of her weight. She was quickly bound at the ankles
  and wrists, spread-eagled and stretched.  
He moved around and looked at his prize from this angle. Her ass was a bit
  oversized but it was shapely. He massaged each cheek with his strong fingers
  and found her butt to have just the right amount of squishiness. It was mildly
  firm but rebounded immediately to its original shape when released. There were
  no cellulite pockets or stretch marks. It didn't sag. However, the skin was
  a bit on the leathery side.  
It was obvious she did a lot of tanning in the nude. And, the tanning bulb
  had extracted its price on the skin of her ass. He nodded again at LardAss.
  LardAss moved forward, grabbed a cheek in each hand and quickly spread her
  ass cheeks to make her ass hole readily available. It was a beautiful hole!
  It gaped open quite a bit but its circle was perfectly symmetrical and smooth
  as velvet. There were circular swirls in the skin around the ass hole, forming
  a beautiful bud of skin that led to the promised land. He moistened his index
  finger and buried it just up to the first knuckle as he swished his fingertip
  around in her shit hole.  
Jesus Christ, what is it with men? They either want a blow job
        or they want to fuck a girl's ass. Are they all a bunch of closet fags
        that have a fetish about sticking their dick in a butt? If they're simply
        going to fuck an ass, why don't they just come out of the closet and
        fuck each other? Have pussys gone out of style? God, my tits are hurting!
        Why did he have to tie them together like that?   
He told her that she had a great ass although the skin was a bit tough and
  hard. He told her that her ass skin needed to be tenderized. He asked her if
  she knew what a meat tenderizer was? The truth be told, she didn't know cooking
  from Shinola. When she grunted a 'no'  , he told her he
  would give her a quick lesson.  
He brought an object around and put it in front of her line of vision. It
  looked sort of like a hammer made of stainless steel. However, instead of the
  usual head that was found on a hammer, this hammerhead was in the shape of
  a square, about two inches long on each side. The face of the square &ndash; the
  part usually used to drive nails &ndash; consisted of eight rows of eight protruding,
  very sharp-looking, teeth. He explained that this was usually used to tenderize
  cheap meat. He also told her he had looked around and she appeared to be the
  cheapest meat in the room. He continued to explain that he had lengthened the
  handle so that it was about two feet long. This made it possible to exert much
  more leverage &ndash; leverage needed for large surfaces of cheap meat. He
  then told her that he had given such a hammer to LardAss and CanyonCunt and
  that they were going to 'tenderize' her ass.  
She began to shudder as she realized what all of this meant. Before she could
  react however, she suddenly felt as though sixty-four miniature stakes had
  been driven directly in to the center of each buttock. The two bitches had
  begun. Using all of their might and all of the leverage available, they had
  simultaneously driven the head of each hammer directly into the center of each
  ass cheek. Sixty-four indentations were left on each cheek.  
They then began raining blows down on to the inviting cheeks. They were now
  drawing blood and the skin was a mass of rippling, tearing, bleeding, extremely
  pained ass skin. This went on for fifteen minutes until the entire ass looked
  like a mass of human hamburger. JelloJugs was bawling now, screaming for mercy,
  offering anything &ndash; if they would only cease and desist. As LardAss and
  CanyonCunt stopped to catch their breath &ndash; their breasts were heaving
  as their lungs sought more oxygen for the energy exerted, he reached down &ndash; put
  his fingers in the middle of the mess and spread her cheeks wide.  
Now the skin hidden by her ass crack was exposed. It was ready for tenderizing.
  LardAss' lungs were still gasping for air but CanyonCunt, with her athleticism,
  was ready for more action. She began delivering new blows to the exposed, white,
  skin. Somehow, this area was even more sensitive and JelloJugs was beside herself
  with pain. She was drooling now and snot was running freely from her nostrils.
  Finally, the blows were finished and they looked down at their handiwork. It
  was gruesome.  
LardAss and CanyonCunt realized this was the worst infliction of pain and
  destruction they had ever seen during their tenure in this room. He then walked
  around to JelloJug's sobbing face. He showed her something new in his hands.
  It was an onion, cut into two halves. He explained to her that he liked to
  do a 'rub' on his meat to give it just the right amount of flavor. His groaning
  victim was in too much pain to understand his words. He handed each half of
  the onion to his two assistants. They took the onion half and began rubbing
  vigorously on the torn flesh. The onion juice was being driven in to the wounds
  and wrecking havoc with the many nerve endings that are buried in an ass.  
JelloJugs was now screaming at an even higher pitch as new, incredible pain
  was being administered to her. She was promising anything but, in reality,
  she had nothing to offer that they didn't already have. As the onion halves
  gradually disintegrated from the efforts, he took a large salt shaker and spread
  salt across the wounded flesh. Somehow, beyond any semblance of believability,
  the pain intensified! Then, LardAss and CanyonCunt each took a pepper grinder,
  held them about six inches above the surface of destroyed flesh, and began
  spreading newly-ground pepper all over the bloody surface beneath the grinders.  
God &ndash; oh God! I have never felt anything so painful! Please
        kill me! Please do anything to take away this pain! Who are these bastards?   
He moved around again to her painfully scrunched up face. In his hand was
  a large celery bunch. It consisted of about four stalks, connected at the base &ndash; a
  very, very large base. The opposite end of the stalks was a bouquet of foliage &ndash; forming
  almost a vegetable bouquet. He told her that he liked a garnish on his meat.
  She watched in horror as he began rubbing vegetable oil all over the thick
  base of celery stalks. She could not believe it but she knew what was coming.  
He moved down to her bloody ass and placed the stalk over the gaping butt
  hole. LardAss and CanyonCunt had spread the cheeks wide. Although the hole
  was gaping, it was not nearly as large as the base of the celery. He didn't
  care. He forcefully drove the celery downward and it smashed past her anal
  ring &ndash; directly into the dark hole. JelloJugs screamed anew in agony.
  He kept pushing, and twisting, and driving until the celery was buried in her
  ass with just the foliage resting on her red ass cheeks. It was a garnish!  
She was blubbering now &ndash; crying words that weren't any words known
  to humans. Her bowels were being split in two by the rough, lined edges of
  the vegetable. Her ass cheeks were on fire. She did not know why her brain
  would not allow her to slip into unconsciousness? She did not know what she
  could offer them to give her any relief. They obviously could take anything
  they wanted. As she lay there shuddering and bawling, LardAss and CanyonCunt
  released the bindings that secured her ankles. They then slipped a pair of
  high heel shoes on to her feet. The heels were so high that it was ridiculous!
  Most women would never be able to walk on such things. He leaned down to JelloJugs'
  face and told her they wanted her to parade her tenderized meat for them. He
  had drawn a huge circle on the floor. It was at least sixteen feet in diameter.
  He released her wrist bindings and told her to stand and walk over to the circular
  line.  
She carefully lifted her body from the table, at least giving relief to her
  mashed tits. However, any movement only accentuated the pain in her guts caused
  by the imbedded celery. She was wobbly as she lifted herself to an erect position.
  Normally, the high heels would have been nothing for her. She was used to this
  type of thing as part of her county/western costume when she sang. However,
  the cramps in her gut were beyond imagination and she was fighting to stay
  erect on the stilted heels. Finally, she carefully made her way over to the
  line.  
Her ass was a strange sight! It was still big, very bloody, with bright green
  foliage protruding directly from the center of it. Her tits looked defeated!
  CanyonCunt fastened a lease to the ring that secured her nipples together.
  CanyonCunt began leading her around the ring. LardAss was following behind
  her, and, she was holding a water gun in her hand. He stood in the middle of
  the circle and watched as the entourage circled the room. It was like watching
  the showing of a prize cow at a county fair. About halfway around the circle,
  JelloJugs' right ankle gave way and she faltered. LardAss shot her directly
  in the middle of the right butt cheek with the water gun. However, the gun
  didn't contain just water. It was filled with water that was enriched with
  ammonia. The ammonia set her wounded ass on fire as it sought its way into
  the innermost tissues of her ass.  
She screamed, CanyonCunt gave a yank to her tender tits and she quickly uprighted
  herself. The parade went on for over an hour. He would comment at various times
  about the attributes of the body being displayed. His comments were cold, uncaring,
  and derogatory! Somehow, this hurt as much as the pain being delivered to her
  tits and ass. Finally, he told her there was relief available. As she stood
  before him she promised him anything. He told her that relief depended on her
  ability with her tongue and her mouth. She knew immediately what he wanted(she
  thought) and she promised him the best blow job of his life.  
I know he thinks this is just a promise to alleviate my pain.
        However, he will soon find out that I give blowjobs better than anyone
        else does in the world! How in the hell does he think I kept getting
        so many singing gigs? It wasn't because of my voice! Although my mouth
        was certainly involved!   
He was laying on the table, his legs up in the stirrups, his ass just hanging
  over the edge of the table. His balls dangled down the side of the table. His
  thick dick was in a semi-erect condition. She was on her knees before his presentation.
  His groin was directly in line with her face. She knew what to do. She scuffled
  forward on her knees, slowly because the celery was still painfully buried
  in her ass. She bowed her head slightly and began slowly licking the ball that
  was hanging lower. The skin on his sack contracted slightly as it felt the
  erotic touch of her moist tongue. The tip of her tongue flicked up and down,
  massaging the nut. The nut was happy. She then leaned forward and began smooching
  the ball tenderly. The ball was even more happy. Then she began moving back
  and forth with her lips and mouth working each nut. His pubic hair covered
  her mouth, chin, nose, and much of her cheeks. It had the typical musty, dank
  aroma of most men's balls. His dick was starting to vibrate in response to
  her touch and in anticipation of what was sure to come.  
His dick was now bouncing off of her forehead. Pre-cum had already formed
  at his piss slit and was dripping on to her hairline above her forehead. It
  slowly ran down into her eye. She blinked and ignored its burning sensation
  on her eye. Now she was moving down on his sack, elevating it with her chin
  so that his nuts rested in the middle of her face. Now her tongue was licking
  the underside of his sack, pushing the skin vigorously in and out with her
  tongue. Now she was nudging his nuts with her nose, letting them roll back
  and forth across her face. Suddenly, she jerked her head back and as his package
  fell, she captured his huge, purple dick head in her mouth.  
The dick felt her lips and reacted accordingly by swelling to an even larger
  girth. It was the thickest dick she had ever had in her mouth and she had captured
  a lot of them with this action. She plunged her tongue into his piss slit and
  actually managed to bury the tip of her tongue inside his prick. He felt the
  moist invader and it was tingling. Now she was moving her head back and forth
  as his tool became a piston in her oral cavity. With each stroke she buried
  it a little deeper in her mouth, gradually letting it slide down into her throat.
  Somehow she had developed a technique of breathing during his &quot;out&quot; stroke
  and holding her breath when his dick was sealing off her breathing tube. She
  was scraping her teeth lightly on the outside of his shaft, licking the underside
  of the ridge formed by his huge head, rubbing the end of the head against almost
  all parts of her mouth.  
At the same time she managed to incur a sucking motion that seemed to want
  to turn his dick inside out. She gave the most exhilarating head he had ever
  experienced. Furthermore, despite the pain in her chewed-up ass cheeks and
  the pain in her bowels from the celery penetration and the pain in her impaled
  nipples, she projected a feeling of deep enjoyment from swallowing his tool.  
So I wonder how the bastard likes this! There ain't nobody gives
        head like me! He thinks this is good! He hasn't felt anything yet! God
        I hurt!   
She was now rolling her lips in and out, creating a unique sensation on the
  nerve endings in his dick. Then, she began burying his dick in her throat so
  that her lips were pushing against his pubic bone. She would then begin massaging
  his pubic bone and the underside of the base of his dick with her highly movable
  lips. It was a sensation he had never experienced. The vein in his dick began
  throbbing and she could feel it. She responded by licking up and down the vein
  with her tongue while still pumping his dick back and forth in her mouth. His
  dick head was swelling and seemed to be almost dislocating her jaw.  
She ignored that pain &ndash; it was miniscule compared to all of her other
  pains anyway &ndash; and she began sucking harder. Her hand had sneaked up
  to his balls and was rolling them around like bowling balls. Her other hand
  sneaked up and began massaging his ass hole, moving in and out, plunging deeper
  each time. He felt the orgasm building in him and it was as mighty as any he
  had ever experienced. She knew he was coming and just at the right moment,
  she withdrew his dick from her mouth with the slit pointing directly between
  her eyes. Cum gushed out of his opening &ndash; splattering everywhere on her
  face.  
He had never experienced an orgasm such as this; she had never experienced
  so much cum. It seemed as though a dam had burst and an endless stream of creamy
  cum was coating her face and cascading downward. As it finally ended, even
  though blinded by man-juice, she reached forward and flicked her tongue on
  the still pulsating piss slit. The nerve endings there were ecstatic and sent
  strong messages of excitement to his brain and glands. His dick immediately
  swelled to the point of bursting skin and more cum gushed from the opening.
  This bitch could give head!  
Now his chest was heaving and sucking in air in quick, short, deep breaths.
  However, she didn't give him any chance for recovery. She lifted his sack,
  tilted her head sideways, and began eagerly licking his shit hole. Her tongue
  was plunging in and out of his shit tunnel, ignoring the taste, ignoring the
  texture, ignoring the odor, she was fucking his ass with her tongue and his
  ass loved it! He was breathing harder now and his dick was crying for relief
  as another erection took it over. His diaphragm began heaving and his dick
  searched for cum to expel but no cum was to be found. Now, as she continued
  to rape his ass with her tongue, she was massaging his nuts with one hand and
  using the other hand to flick lightly over the dick head!  
Suddenly, in an extraordinary moment, he actually lost consciousness! LardAss
  and CanyonCunt were aghast! They had never seen this happen. JelloJugs was
  coated in cum. Her face was milky white with the substance; it was dripping
  down on to the rest of her body. She was one cum-coated bitch!  
He quickly regained his senses and looked down at JelloJugs with awe. Nothing
  like this had ever happened. He immediately commanded his two bitches to remove
  the celery from her ass and the ring from her nipples. He also told LardAss
  to gently put salve on her chewed-up ass. They were shocked! This was the closest
  they had ever seen him come to kindness. It must have been a hell of a blow
  job!  
Everyone was stunned except JelloJugs. He was shocked because it was the
  most erotic orgasm he had ever experienced. LardAss and CanyonCunt were shocked
  because they had never seen anyone else bring him to such heights including
  themselves. LardAss did not feel too insecure because of her history and experience
  with him. CanyonCunt was worried. She knew he disposed of bitches without even
  a second thought. She knew that she was not as decadent as LardAss although
  she was certainly 'improving'. She knew her cunt was too big to give real pleasure,
  even to him with his hugely thick dick. She knew she was better looking than
  JelloJugs and, yet, she realized as she looked at LardAss' sloppy body that
  pure looks were not everything to him. She knew she could kill this new arrival
  but, hell, that might piss him off and cause him to replace her anyway.  
The height and depth of this orgasm was outside the realm of anyone's experience
  except possibly the one who had brought it on. But for now, they both realized
  they had better obey him. CanyonCunt quickly stepped forward and gently removed
  the celery bunch from the pained ass. She also reached around and removed the
  single ring that held together the two swollen nipples. The stalks on the celery
  bunch were a bit soggy. Also, they were covered with a brown slickness that
  was easy to identify. Intermingled with the brown stuff were flecks of blood.  
He looked at CanyonCunt and said simply but with absolutely no hint of doubt
  as to his sincerity, " Eat the fucking celery &ndash; NOW!"   
CanyonCunt didn't hesitate. She immediately began eating the celery, chewing
  through its absurd taste and swallowing as quickly as possible. The taste was
  atrocious but the thought of disobedience was worse. JelloJugs watched with
  interest at this strange turn of events. LardAss had come forward with a tin
  of medicated salve and was soothingly applying it to the chewed up ass. It
  was cool and comforting and JelloJugs was obviously relieved.  
Ah the power of a good blow job! The guy can obviously pump
        out a lot of sperm but it doesn't taste all that bad &ndash; as semen
        goes. He does have the biggest piss slit I've ever seen. I've never been
        able to get my tongue that deep in a man's dick. And, his ass is really
        hairy! God those little, fine hairs feel funny on the tongue! Maybe I
        can control him!   
He left the room. This blow job had changed his thinking on the direction
  he had planned to go. He wondered if she could repeat it? She certainly seemed
  to have a plan as she was performing on him. Her tongue and mouth are the most
  talented sexual devices he had ever encountered. He was going to have to fuck
  her at least twice more to determine the abilities of her other holes. Then,
  he realized he was thinking too much about this bitch's well being and not
  enough about the fact that they were all here for pain, punishment, degradation,
  and sexual pleasure.  
He perceived that LardAss and CanyonCunt were a bit puzzled as they pondered
  the orgasm he had just attained. He decided he should remove himself from the
  situation and let the bitches sort things out. He left the room but immediately
  went to the one-way mirror to watch the proceedings. LardAss and CanyonCunt
  decided the same thing immediately. It was time to put this bitch in her place.  
Why are they looking at me like that? Why did he leave? I don't
        like the looks of this. I had him right in the palm of my hand(or center
        of my mouth), and he was mine! These broads look very intense and I think
        I'm the object of their intensity!   
CanyonCunt walked up to JelloJugs, bent over, grabbed an ankle in each hand
  and lifted her in the air as though she were a feather pillow. She held her
  upside down by the ankles and began shaking her like a rag doll. JelloJugs'
  floppy tits were hanging down almost to her chin and were actually hitting
  her in the face as she was being shaken. It didn't necessarily hurt but somehow
  it was insulting to be constantly slapped by her own jugs.  
Then, CanyonCunt easily carried her over to a set of ropes hanging from the
  ceiling. LardAss helped secure the ropes around JelloJugs' ankles and she was
  left there, hanging upside down with her legs spread wide apart. Her cunt and
  ass were readily visible. That was good because LardAss and CanyonCunt had
  definite plans for both holes.  
They began circling their hanging piece of meat &ndash; poking her, pinching
  her, pulling her cunt hair &ndash; telling her what a sorry piece of shit she
  was. They especially concentrated on her raw ass &ndash; driving their fingernails
  into the wounded ass meat. She began sobbing and they responded by kicking
  her saggy tits. They centered their kicks on her sore nipples and they were
  quite successful in their accuracy. Soon she was swinging back and forth in
  the air from the force of their various blows.  
CanyonCunt stood sideways in front of her, lifted her leg and pissed healthily
  down the front of JelloJugs. The piss stream began at her navel and splashed
  downward, coating her tits, her face, and her hair. Much of it went directly
  into her nostrils and she coughed and sputtered as the smelly piss invaded
  her sinus cavities.  
Then, LardAss came up behind her and slammed something into her ass hole.
  In a strange twist of fate, JelloJugs and never experienced an enema. This
  was now going to change. LardAss hung a bucket from the ceiling, well above
  JelloJugs' ass. A spigot in the lower part of the bucket was connected to a
  hose that led to the nozzle that had been inserted in the tender ass hole.
  LardAss opened a valve and warm liquid began flowing into the waiting ass.
  It burned as it went in &ndash; filling the bowels quickly and painfully.  
LardAss moved around to JelloJugs' front and told her they were filling her
  guts with liquid. And, she indicated, the liquid is piss that we have been
  collecting. JelloJugs was horrified &ndash; horrified at the thought of filling
  her bowels, horrified at the thought of warm, foreign piss being placed inside
  of her tender inner tissues.  
My God, I'm going to pay for that blow job! God, what will this
        foul liquid do to me? Am I going to be infected? I know the celery broke
        the skin of my bowels. What will happen when piss is allowed to flow
        over the tissue that's been damaged! God, I hate having my tits hang
        down in my face. Why was I 'blessed' with these fucking sagging tits?   
As the bucket emptied, her stomach was swollen and distended. Her guts hurt
  like a son-of-a-bitch. LardAss removed the dripping nozzle and, at the same
  time, CanyonCunt drove a butt plug into the gaping ass hole. JelloJugs was
  suffering cramps like she had never experienced. She began begging for mercy.
  It was a poor place to seek mercy. None was to be had.  
LardAss and CanyonCunt picked up two cricket bats. These were special bats
  used for a game in England that is similar to baseball. The bats are made of
  wood, about three feet long with a flat blade that is four inches wide. They
  have a handle that accommodates both hands. LardAss stood to the side of JelloJugs
  as though JelloJugs was home plate. Using both hands, LardAss cocked her arms
  and delivered a ferocious blow to the swollen stomach of JelloJugs. The flat
  surface of the bat made a satisfying splat sound on the tender skin surface.
  As the sound of the splat reverberated off the walls, an eardrum-piercing scream
  sprang from the lips of the hanging victim.  
CanyonCunt had set herself up on the other side in a southpaw stance. She
  let loose with a mighty swing that would have done justice to Babe Ruth. The
  splat of the wood on bloated stomach was ferocious and exceeded in volume only
  by the scream that it produced. Then, they alternated blows &ndash; giving
  no quarter &ndash; swinging like crazed demons. JelloJugs knew something was
  going to burst &ndash; the cramps and the blows were conjoined twins of unmeasurable
  pain. Somehow, the butt plug held although even it was being tested in this
  extravaganza of fierce unrelenting pain. The two batters were bathed in sweat
  from the exertion, they were breathing through the mouth to try to satisfy
  the oxygen demands being wrought by their awful swings.  
Finally, to the relief of everyone, JelloJugs quit screaming &ndash; she
  had passed out. He had been watching through the one-way mirror and his dick
  was hard as a rock. As he stroked his tool he realized he needed this to get
  back on track. The infliction of pain was much more satisfying than any blow
  job that could ever be administered to him. His two administrators of pain
  were standing by their victim, their breasts heaving, their pussies wet with
  excitement. LardAss reached forward and ripped the plug from the unconscious
  ass. A geyser of liquid shit flew up into the air and cascaded down on the
  hanging cowgirl singer. She was coated with shit that seemed to run down every
  part of her body.  
Either the shock of the liquid, are the disgusting fragrance drove through
  to the nerve centers in her brain. She regained consciousness with a start
  only to wish that she hadn't. She was overwhelmed by what had descended upon
  her. She knew that she had just shit herself in a manner that was as inhuman
  as anything she could have imagined.  
My God! What's happened to me? I feel like a fucking toilet!
        Jesus, the shit's running down into my mouth and nose! Holy Christ, I
        can feel turds and slimy shit everywhere on my body! Is there anything
        these bastards aren't capable of?      
She was soon to find out the unfortunate answer to this question. CanyonCunt
  had a candle that was huge. It was at least four inches in diameter and fifteen
  inches long. She rammed it down into the pussy staring up at her. It did not
  enter easily into the cunt hole. Yet, CanyonCunt, with her unfeminine strength,
  twisted and pushed and forced it down into the reluctant hole until only six
  inches of it was protruding. Then, she lit it. Immediately, hot wax began flowing
  down on to the too-stretched pussy lips.  
Oh no! They're burning my most precious parts!    
God, what's going to happen when it burns down to skin?   
A full-length mirror was directly in front of her line of sight and she could
  see the full length of her shit-coated body, upside down, being used as a human
  candlestick holder. She could see the wax flowing down on to her pussy, burning
  and then coagulating in a mass of repulsive wax. Then she noticed that both
  of her tormentors were smoking huge cigars. A shudder went through her because
  somehow she sensed what was coming next. CanyonCunt was inhaling ferociously
  on her stogie, causing the huge tip to glow bright red. Then, she withdrew
  it from her mouth, reached down, and pressed the tip to the place where her
  saggy tit joined her torso. The pain was phenomenal. It superceded anything
  that was taking place with her hot-waxed pussy.  
Then, LardAss repeated the stoking of her own stogie and placed the tip on
  the part of her skin that was just an inch away from her ass hole. Now JelloJugs
  was screaming at an even higher pitch than she had previously attained. The
  pain was immense and intense. The room was saturated with the stench of burning
  flesh, intermingling with the stench of crusty shit and most of all, the scent
  of fear.  
CanyonCunt proceeded to burn the entire crease that would be formed by the
  bottom of JelloJugs' tits and torso. LardAss, meanwhile, continued burning
  a complete circle around the gaping ass hole. The candle had burned down and
  now the wick was just even with the pussy lips. The lips were being singed
  completely. Now the wick was below the level of the pussy lips as the thickness
  of the candle continued to hold them wide open. The flame was burning down
  into her beloved pussy. When they finally finished with their cigars, LardAss
  leaned over and blew out the candle.  
JelloJugs was ruined. Her pussy was no longer serviceable. Her ass was no
  longer serviceable. Her tits would cause intense pain when she was stood upright
  and the mass of tit meat fell down naturally onto the burned flesh. Her mind
  was losing touch with any sense of reality as she blubbered unintelligible
  gibberish.  
He walked in with his erect dick leading the way. He was filled with remorse
  and exhilaration. He was sad because for all intents and purposes, she was
  useless. Her pussy and ass were wrecked. Her tits would cause her such pain
  that she would never be able to concentrate on anything else.  
As she hung upside down, he told CanyonCunt to lift up her head and shoulders
  so they were horizontal. He told LardAss to force her mouth open. Before him
  was the only remaining part that might be considered viable &ndash; her mouth.
  He finished jacking off and a solid stream of his semen shot into the waiting
  mouth. Then, as his dick became flaccid, he grunted slightly and a satisfying
  stream of yellow piss shot from his dick, into her mouth, forming a cocktail
  of cum, piss, tears, and saliva in her unprotesting mouth.  
He told them to cut her down as the liquid mixture ran from her mouth into
  her swallowing throat. He called his disposal service and said he had a pick-up.
  He threw her into a trunk designed specifically for the purpose and set it
  on his front step. Soon, his service came. They opened the trunk and looked
  down with awe at this completely damaged pile of destroyed female flesh. They
  left with her and no one ever knew what became of her.  
He then made a momentous decision that would change the course of the entire
  life he had established. He placed CanyonCunt in a special cage he had designed
  that was, in reality, a holding station. The cage was in a special room completely
  away from his sex room. He had called his slave broker and made a tremendous
  deal to sell his sex giantess. The broker was rubbing his hands in glee as
  he anticipated the price she would bring in the sex slave market.  
He then went in to talk to LardAss. He brought with him an outfit of clothes
  that was her size. He told her he had made a decision to change.  
He put his arms around her, pressed his groin into hers, and said, " You
      are the one I want for my soul mate. I don't believe in marriage but I
      do believe in commitment. I want us to commit to each other. I want you
      to come upstairs from this room and live with me as my mate. I can't say
      'I love you.' because I'm not sure what that means. I can say I will commit
      myself to you."   
She was flabbergasted. This had come out of left field and blindsided her.
  She fell to her knees and buried her face in the folds of his gigantic sack.
  She held that position for at least five minutes. When she pulled her face
  back and looked up at him she had tears in her eyes.  
She looked at the clothes he had brought and said, " I have been
      naked for six years. You have fucked every orifice of my body. I have tasted
      every product that your body can produce. You have branded me and tortured
      me. I, too, don't know what is meant by 'I love you'. I do know that I
      have feelings for you that I have never felt before. I do know that I love
      being punished and degraded by you. Yet, I don't even know your name!"   
He replied, "My first name is Moby. My last name is Richard. My
      tool has always had the nickname: 'the Great White Whale'. The Great White
      Whale is aroused by your fat pussy. I am turned on by your fat ass. Your
      tongue is magic to every part of my body. You served me well even after
      I tried to dispose of you. Will you commit to me?"   
She slid his huge dick into her mouth and he knew he had her answer. A new
  life was to begin!  
EPILOGUE:  LardAss quickly shed the new dress he had
  gotten for her. She was simply too used to being naked for him. And, she never
  wore work clothes again except when she served as a maid at his office parties.
  She was a big hit in her little French apron. It looked strange on her big
  body. But, his co-workers were astounded by her and liked to run their fingers
  over her scars and brands.  
Moby and LardAss soon developed a business of training sex slaves. They specialized
  in haughty, society women who were in their thirties. Their end product was
  sought after throughout the world where sex slaves were needed.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JEP


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





