BDSM Library - Punishedthieves.com




Punishedthieves.com
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa, a 33 year old mother, is caught stealing from a shop - her choices, the courts or punishment. She submits to spankings, humiliation and finally violation.Punishedthieves.com   
 It was the shoes that did it for him. He'd first noticed them when he opened
  his new shop in a middle class area. They seemed to be the new fashion amongst
  the young mothers who frequented his newsagents during the school run. They
  were flat and round toed, with little girl straps. It was this juxtaposition
  between the girliness of the shoes and the well to do women in their late twenties
  or early thirties who wore them that aroused him.  
 It was because of the shoes that he'd paid particular attention to one woman
  that morning. In many ways she was typical of his new clientele, harassed by
  two small children wanting drinks or magazines. But the shoes fired his imagination,
  and as he appraised her further, he noticed many fine qualities. She wore her
  brown hair short, but choppily stylish, and her tight t-shirt and A-line skirt
  revealed a slim figure. Perhaps she wanted for larger breasts, and her hips
  could be cruelly called 'child bearing', but she was his sort of woman &ndash; pretty,
  stylish and well-to-do.  
 If it hadn't been for the shoes, he wouldn't have been surreptitiously watching
  her, and therefore wouldn't have seen her slip a packet of sweets into her
  handbag. So casually did she do it, he could almost have been fooled into believing
  it had been the absent minded action of a harassed mother &ndash; apart from
  the quick look she had to see if anyone was watching. This was why he had installed
  a high quality surveillance system.  
 Luckily the shop had emptied as the mothers rushed to get their children
  to school on time. His quarry left her children browsing the magazines as she
  picked up a paper and brought it to the counter. He let her pay, then, as she
  was leaving the shop, he called her back.  
 'I'm glad you at least paid for something' he said, 'but may I look in your
  bag.'  
 Briefly she looked like a cornered fox, and then decided to brazen it out.
  'Of course' she murmured.  
 He found the sweets immediately, and as the expected argument was trotted
  out, that it was all a huge mistake by a harassed mum, he showed her the playback
  from the security cameras.  
 'Would you like to be arrested by the police in front of your children?'
  he asked.  
 'Of course not!' she gasped, looking frightened. He wondered whether she
  had stolen before. If so he doubted she had been caught.  
 'Reach up to the top shelf and bring me a magazine called Janus' he instructed.
  She did so, glancing at her children who were watching her intently from the
  door.  
 'Please, I have to get my children to school' she said.  
 'Well, this can take a short time or a long time' he replied with an evil
  smile. 'Open the magazine.'  
 She did so and gasped in horror. It showed women getting their bare bottoms
  smacked.  
 'Now give me your purse' he ordered. She did so despairingly, glancing nervously
  at the magazine. He flicked quickly through the contents of the purse, alighting
  on her driving licence. 'Well Lisa,' he said 'step back and lift your skirt
  to show me your panties.'  
 She looked around, but her children were now engrossed in a magazine.  
 'Quickly, before someone else comes in' he suggested.  
 With a quiet sob she did so, revealing pristine white panties. They were
  nice, but she'd have to do better for her punishment. He tossed her a packet
  of beige tights from a nearby stand.  
 'You will take your children to school and then go home. I want you to shave
  off all your pubic hair, put on these tights with no underwear and the put
  on the rest of the clothes you are wearing now. At 10.30 you will drive to
  my house for your punishment. If you are late your punishment will be doubled.
  If you are more than ten minutes late I shall call the police and I will also
  post pictures of you flashing your panties on the internet.'  
 With this he passed her a card with his address on. 'What are you going
  to do to me?' she gasped.  
 'Young lady, I am going to thrash your bare bottom!'  
 With a sob she gathered her children and rushed out of the shop.  
 The school run had passed in a daze. Now Lisa lowered herself into a warm
  bath, preparing to shave of all her pubic hair. She couldn't understand why
  the man would want her to. Her husband had asked her to shave and she always
  refused to do so. Now she was going to do it for a stranger, a stranger who
  was going to dress her as he liked and spank her bottom! She could think of
  no other way out of her predicament though, so, not quite believing she was
  doing so, she began to shave her pubic mound.  
 When she was done, she climbed out of the bath and dried herself. Looking
  in the mirror, she was shocked by her appearance. She looked like a little
  girl, and yet a grown woman at the same time. Mournfully she pulled on the
  disgusting beige tights and her girly shoes, unknowingly mimicking the state
  she was soon to be in. Quickly she pulled the rest of her clothes on &ndash; time
  was running short and she dare not be late.  
 She was a minute early. Getting out of the car, she walked slowly up the
  driveway to the newsagent's house. Her legs felt like jelly, barely able to
  carry her. She reached the door and with a pounding heart, rang the bell.  
 After a tantalising wait, during which Lisa felt as though she was going
  to wet herself, the door opened, and the newsagent leaned casually against
  the door frame, leering at her. Discomfited, Lisa endured his stares until,
  shockingly he said 'Lift your skirt up.'  
 'Not out here' she pleaded, her voice quiet and tremulous.  
 He just raised his eyebrows. Looking anxiously around the street for passers
  by, Lisa finally obeyed his command, exposing her newly shaved pussy and the
  tights he had made her wear. Yet he wasn't satisfied.  
 'At the back too' he growled menacingly. With a little gasp, she slowly
  raised the back of her skirt, exposing her nylon covered bum to the street.
  For what seemed like an age he made her stand like this, utterly humiliated,
  dreading the sound of a car or pedestrian. When he finally beckoned her into
  the house, she was almost relieved.  
 Today was not the first time Alan Lee had done this to a thieving customer,
  but this one was a class apart from the usual scumbags he caught. The move
  upmarket was already a great success! Poor Lisa looked shocked and devastated
  by the way he was treating her. Alan reckoned he'd be able to get away with
  a lot today &ndash; maybe the whole lot.  
 He made her stand in the middle of the room, holding her skirt up around
  her waist as he drank in the sight. Those shoes, and the beige tights that
  didn't quite go with them, but turned him on even more so because of this.
  Then there was the bald pussy, and further up, the embarrassed, anguished look
  on her face.  
 'So you like stealing sweeties do you?' he sneered 'No wonder you've such
  a big bum.' With that he slapped her buttocks hard and she leapt forwards yelping.
  The skirt fell to cover her.  
 'Get that skirt back up and get back into position' he shouted, and was
  gratified to see her obey him quickly. He took the offending bag of stolen
  sweets, and laid a trail on the floor with them. 'If you like sweets so much
  you can get down on your knees and eat them off the floor like the pig you
  obviously are.' he said.  
 Poor Lisa crawled along the floor, her bum sticking into the air, sucking
  up the sweets as her gluttony was brought home to her with sharp spanks. This
  was so much more embarrassing than she could ever have imagined.  
 Eventually all the sweets were gone, and she was made to stand in front
  of him again. This time he made her undo the skirt and let it drop around her
  ankles. She stood like this, with her blotchy bottom on view through the large
  bay window, whilst he pulled a chair into the middle of the room. Then Alan
  Lee beckoned her to him and she draped herself over his lap, her bum sticking
  vulnerably up in the air.  
 'Have you anything to say for yourself?' he asked.  
 'I'm sorry' she ventured.  
 'You will be you greedy little bitch' he laughed. 'How old are you?'  
 'Thirty three'  
 'Thirty three' he mused, his hand stroking her thigh, moving ever closer
  to her pussy. 'Have you ever been spanked before?'  
 'Noooo!' His hand had reached its destination as she answered.  
 'Imagine that. Thirty three and about to receive your first spanking for
  being a common thief!'  
 He raised his hand and began to spank her bottom, sharp rhythmical slaps
  covering each buttock. Lisa quickly began to yelp and squirm as they rained
  down on her exposed flesh, her buttocks pinkening immediately. A wave of panic
  spread over her. The pain was incredible! She began to kick her legs and struggled
  to get off his lap, but he held her waist tight.  
 'You're going nowhere miss' he said sternly, and continued, increasing the
  intensity of the spanks, but slowing his rhythm slightly.  
 'Ow, Ow, oooh!' she yelped, 'please stop. I'm sorry I stole from your shop!'  
 'I bet it wasn't the first time either.'  
 'It was, I promise. Oh God please stop, it hurts so much!'  
 She started to scream as each slap ignited her buttock. Alan was beginning
  to tire of the constant struggle to keep her on his lap, and his own hand was
  beginning to sting. With a last hearty barrage he pushed Lisa unceremoniously
  to the floor, where she rolled into the foetal position, rubbing her bottom
  and moaning and gasping. He watched her for a while, enjoying her discomfort,
  before deciding that he needed to see more of her body and humiliate her further.  
 'Lie on your back' he ordered. Although she took her time responding, he
  was gratified to see she did it without putting up a fight. He liked this view
  too. Lisa clamped her legs tight together, but this just toned her legs further
  and her shaven pubic mound was visible through the material of the sheer to
  waist tights.  
 He needed to see those pussy lips though.  
 'Come on, spread those pretty legs of yours' he ordered.  
 She obeyed with a sob. Lisa looked up at her tormentor through a prism of
  as yet unshed tears.  
 'Why are you doing this to me? I don't deserve this. It was only a pack
  of sweets!' she whimpered.  
 'Well let's see' Alan countered. 'I'm doing this because thieves like you
  cost me hundreds of pounds a year. But mostly I'm doing it because I can. I'm
  doing it because you don't want your husband or your friends know that you're
  a common thief. Because you're too proud to appear in court and take the punishment
  the law demands.  
 But you're not too proud to lie on your back with your legs spread in front
  of a stranger. You're not too proud to shave your pubes off or have your bottom
  spanked. You deserve everything you're getting!'  
 'You blackmailed me.' Lisa wailed.  
 'No. I gave you a choice. You chose this rather than going to court. Now
  stop arguing with me and start playing with your pussy instead.'  
 'I'm not going to do it you pervert.' Lisa was already getting ready to
  rise. 'You've done enough to me already.'  
 As she stood, Alan said quietly 'You are currently being filmed by 3 video
  cameras. If you leave this house I shall send a video of you to your husband.
  I shall also publish pictures of you on the internet.' He neglected to mention
  that he was planning to do this anyway.  
 'You can't.' Lisa gasped. But already she was beginning to waver.  
 'I can and believe me I will' he countered. 'Come here at once' he ordered,
  his voice suddenly steely.  
 Tears began to stream down Lisa's face, but she walked slowly towards him,
  receiving two sharp slaps to her thigh for her troubles. He made her stand
  in front of him with her legs spread and began cruelly fondling her pussy,
  showing her who was boss. He did not take kindly to being called a pervert,
  no matter how true the accusation may be.  
 It was time to move on to the next part of her punishment. Alan stood up
  and lifted Lisa's t-shirt over her head, revealing small pert breasts in a
  floral bra. Her only protest was a quiet whimper as the t-shirt came off and
  another as he fondled her breasts. He exalted in these moments of victory.
  She was his now, and his mauling of her exposed body reinforced this.  
 He led her by her ear to a large sofa, and bent her over one of the ends,
  pushing her shoulders down until her face and breasts sank into the plush cushions
  and her bum thrust invitingly upwards. He then spread her legs until she needed
  to stand on tiptoes to maintain her position, and moved behind her to enjoy
  the sight of her bald pussy peeping through the pantyhose gusset.  
 Lisa had never felt so scared, exposed and vulnerable in her whole life.
  Her nether regions were now the focus of her attention. She was aware of his
  eyes boring into her vagina, and awaited with dread the return of those fiendish
  probing fingers. Then there was her bottom, glowing red, thrust up towards
  his painful slaps. The spanking had hurt so much and yet there was much more
  to come! She wondered what he would do to her, how far he would go. She'd already
  let him to do so much more to her than she had ever allowed her husband, yet
  she now knew that to protect her reputation, she would have to comply with
  almost any order he gave her.  
 Lee himself was pondering which implement to use next on Lisa's magnificently
  upthrust arse. He doubted she would be able to tolerate a prolonged thrashing &ndash; she'd
  struggled enough with the spanking. He was a traditionalist at heart, so the
  cane would finish her off, but he was torn between the tawse and an American
  college paddle. In the end he opted for the paddle, looking forward to the
  billowing effect it would have on those large firm cheeks.  
 He swatted it through the air above her, and she flinched and whimpered
  in anticipation.  
 'Patience my dear' he murmured sadistically, and then swished the paddle
  down onto her quivering buttocks with a resounding splat!  
 Lisa screamed, both her legs kicking out as the force of the stroke pushed
  her into the settee, the last of the harsh cry muffled by the cushions. Both
  hands came back to grasp and knead her stinging buttocks. She panted and whimpered
  as Alan repositioned her, then SPLAT! The stroke landed on the same spot, billowing
  her buttocks and reigniting the smouldering fires. She drummed her feet into
  the ground but her scream was muffled into the cushion of the settee.  
 'Get those legs back into position and turn your face towards me.' He hissed.
  As she obeyed he could see that she was struggling to hold back the tears that
  would inevitably come. For a moment he almost felt sorry for her, and the next
  stroke was slightly lighter than the previous two. Nevertheless he was able
  to see Lisa grimace and hear clearly her anguished gasp.  
 He hardened his heart and brought the next stroke smashing down onto the
  middle of her thighs. Poor Lisa almost jumped off the couch, her hands shooting
  back to try and rub away the intense sting, her legs kicking wildly. She howled
  like a banshee and tears began to stream down her cheeks.  
 Now Alan Lee was, it would be fair to say, a sadist. Yet it wasn't the pain
  per se that did it for him, it was the power and the humiliation. He had broken
  her, and if he didn't rein back, anything else he did would just be torture.
  So he said almost kindly 'Only two more to go.'  
 He waited until she settled back into position, enjoying her sobs and whimpers.
  Her bottom was a mass of red blotches, and as he stroked it he could feel the
  heat it was emitting. Lee moved behind Lisa and spread her legs again. He unzipped
  his jeans and pushed his achingly erect penis against her vagina. If the tights
  hadn't been there he would have been unable to stop himself from fucking her
  there and then. Instead, ignoring her screeching protests, her continued to
  rub and push against the gusset.  
 'You can't do this to me!' Lisa screamed, fear raising the pitch of her
  voice. He was going to rape her! But he didn't, not yet. Instead he finished
  by rubbing his penis down her leg, and then returned to his paddling position.
  Now Lisa could see his member standing proudly erect as he raised the paddle
  again and brought it down with a crack onto her buttocks. She screeched as
  a wave of pain exploded over her. 'Please stop' was all she could finally moan,
  unable to take her eyes away from the penis she was sure was soon going to
  violate her. She was going to say no though, when he asked her. She'd rather
  go to prison and have pictures of her placed on the internet than have that
  thing inside her, wouldn't she?  
Suddenly she was no longer so sure, and that scared
  her even more.  
 The last stroke fell as she contemplated that ghastly thought. Catching
  her by surprise it literally took her breath away for a moment, lifting her
  off the sofa, and dumping her on a heap on the floor. She lay there sobbing
  and forlornly rubbing her aching buttocks. When she finally looked up it was
  to see Lee and his erect member towering above her.  
 'You can have a short break,' he told her, 'remove your bra and go and make
  me some lunch.'  
 Alan Lee followed Lisa into his kitchen. He sat watching her obey his instructions,
  stroking his cock. God he loved days like this! When she had finished making
  his sandwiches, he instructed her to get up onto the kitchen table. Lisa gave
  a panicked whimper as she did so.  
 'Yes my dear, I'm going to cane your arse now.' Lee told her. 'Lie on your
  back and hold your legs straight up in the air.'  
 Poor Lisa felt even more vulnerable and scared. She drew her knees up to
  her chest, spreading and straightening her legs as instructed until her bottom
  presented an inviting target, her gaping cunt fully exposed. The cane! The
  mere thought of it sent waves of panic crashing over her.  
 'P..p..please don't cane me' she whimpered, 'I'll do anything else you ask.'
  Immediately she hated herself for saying it. Lee laughed.  
 'I do believe you're going to do anything I 'ask' anyway' he replied.  
 He brought the cane down in a smooth arc, whipping his wrist at the last
  moment to impart extra sting. It landed right in the middle of her buttocks
  and Lisa let out an anguished wail.  
 'Please, no more, I can't take this' she begged.  
 CRACK! The cane answered for him, leaving a parallel line as Lisa screamed
  again.  
 Barely pausing to let her catch breath, Lee angled it back down, the rattan
  burying itself into the ample cheeks before springing back triumphantly to
  the sound of sobbing. Tears were again flowing freely down Lisa's cheeks.  
 Lee realised he was only going to manage 'six of the best'. He was disappointed,
  as he would have liked to continue punishing her for longer, but had broken
  her.  
 Stroke four landed onto her pussy, a particularly nasty trick. Lisa's hands
  shot to rub her sore lips and she lost her position, rolling onto her side.
  Improvising, Lee rolled her onto her front so she laid legs straight and buttocks
  clenched. He grabbed her arms, holding them tight behind her back, and caned
  her across her thighs. Her legs kicked forlornly, trying to dissipate the sting.  
 He stepped back to admire his handiwork, allowing Lisa to clutch her buttocks.  
 'I'd move your hands away if I were you' he told her. 'The last stroke is
  always the hardest and I'd hate to rap your knuckles.'  
 'You bastard,' she sobbed 'you fucking bastard.'  
 'Language my dear' Lee chided.  
He made her wait, watching her hands clench and
  unclench by her side as she anticipated the stroke, whimpering. Then the cane
  swished down one last time, billowing her cheeks.  
 'Noooooo!' she screamed, her hands clutching once
  more at her buttocks, her legs drumming wildly.  
Lee waited for the sobs to slowly subside. It took
  some time but he was in no rush. Once Lisa was still, he moved to her feet,
  slipping off her shoes. He proceeded to give himself a slow foot job, the soft
  material of the tights urging him towards a climax. Finally succumbing to temptation,
  he came, spurting all over the soles of her feet.  
Lisa could not believe what he had just done. She
  lay there feeling his warm sticky juices on her feet, her bum throbbing. She
  consoled herself with the thought that her humiliating ordeal might be coming
  to an end, but she was very much mistaken.  
Lee ordered her to kneel on the table and spread
  her legs. She heard a kitchen draw open and close, then felt scissors snipping
  away at her gusset. In less than a minute she felt cool air on her pussy, then
  Lees' fingers probing her dry shaven vagina. She wanted to make him stop, but
  after all the other things she had let him do to her, she had little choice.  
For a moment he left her, returning with a ball
  gag and a set of handcuffs.  
'No!' she gasped, but a moment later she opened
  her mouth when ordered to and allowed herself to be gagged. Tears again started
  to fall at this latest submission.  
Lee pushed her body down and cuffed her hands behind
  her back. She lay there, her exposed pussy thrust upwards invitingly, whilst
  he went to the fridge and brought out a short, thick cucumber. Panicky squeals
  forced their way through he gag, but Lee held her tight as he smeared one end
  of the vegetable with KY jelly and forced it into her.  
Lisa screamed as she felt it spread her to her
  limits, filling her vagina. She felt violated and humiliated, her pussy cold
  and sore. Worse quickly followed. She heard a buzzing sound, then felt pressure
  at her anus. Unbelievably, a small vibrator was pushed agonisingly into her
  chute. Lisa had never let so much as a finger up there before, and the pressure
  was appalling.  
'If either of these falls out whilst I'm having
  my lunch, I'm going to cane you again' Lee told her. 'Do I make myself clear?'
  Lisa groaned her assent. She was already having to contract her pelvic muscles
  to keep the violating objects in place. As Lee settled down to eat the lunch
  she had made him, Lisa was aware she was providing his lunchtime entertainment.  
She tried desperately to block out the rhythmical
  buzzing of the vibrator, which now seemed to fill both her pussy and anus.
  As the meal wore on though, this became increasingly difficult. The vibrator
  and the contractions of her pelvic floor muscles were leading to an inevitable
  conclusion that she just couldn't fight against. Lisa felt her breathing quickening
  and a familiar wetness down below. Unbelievably, the waves of humiliation seemed
  suddenly to exacerbate rather than quell the feelings of arousal!  
Lee smiled to himself. He watched Lisa's feet clench
  and unclench, saw her fighting against the inevitable. With one final anguished
  groan of defeat and arousal, she came, her body shuddering in harsh spasms.  
This was the time to strike, whilst Lisa was too
  shocked at herself to do anything other than obey. He pulled the vibrator and
  cucumber out of her holes and dragged her off the table. Uncuffing her hands,
  he ordered her to put those sexy shoes back on. Lisa did so, feeling the cold
  wet sticky cum on the soles of her feet. Finally, Lee ungagged her. He wanted
  to hear her screams now.  
He led her, still dazed, into the lounge, and thrust
  her back over the arm of the sofa. With quick, well practiced movements he
  spread her legs and dropped his trousers, his prick once more standing to attention,
  eager for the final prize.  
Lisa knew what was coming, and although she could
  do nothing to stop him, she screamed 'Noooo!' as he entered her and began thrusting
  violently. She was letting this pervert fuck her, and this was a fucking! He
  was using her as his sex toy now, each thrust knocking her painfully forward,
  forcing air out of her lungs as she screamed.  
Lee grabbed her hair and pulled her head back,
  watching tears course down her face. He was fucking this thieving middle class
  bitch! This was what life was all about. He continued to fuck her for some
  minutes, able to control his arousal. She had stopped screaming now, the yells
  replaced by resigned sobs.  
Lee was determined violate her completely. He pulled
  out of her cunt and pushed his penis against her puckered arsehole. Lisa screamed
  again, a banshee wail of pain and frustration as he entered. He thrust hard,
  unconcerned at the pain he was causing. Lisa begged him to stop, pleading desperately,
  but he continued until he felt another orgasm building up.  
Quickly he withdrew and pulled Lisa off the sofa
  and onto her knees.  
'Suck it' he commanded.  
She tried to pull away but he held her in place
  and started slapping her face with his cock until she opened wide and took
  him in her mouth. He let her suck away at her own ineffectual pace to start
  with, enjoying her muffled sobs. After a while he began thrusting harder and
  harder, gagging her, until his orgasm began to build again.  
When he was ready, he withdrew, and tilting her
  head back by her hair, ordered Lisa to open her mouth and stick out her tongue.  
'No!' she gasped.  
'You'd better,' he snarled 'or I'll thrash the
  living daylights out of your arse.' She had no choice.  
As Lisa obeyed, Lee allowed himself to orgasm.
  Cum shot all over her face and onto the tongue, causing her to gag. Despite
  his earlier orgasm there was plenty of thick white semen to cover her humiliated
  face, and she sat there sobbing, wiping it away from her eyes.  
'Is it over?' she whispered finally.  
'Not quite. You need some time to ponder the error
  of your ways.' Lee told her. He let her put her t-shirt back on, but pulled
  it up over her breasts.  
'I think I'll keep the bra as a souvenir' he laughed.  
 Next he took her into his back garden. Taking
  a long wooden pole, he thread it behind her back, through both sleeves of the
  t-shirt, forcing her arms into the crucifix position. Then he placed the ends
  of the poles into a simple framework, so she faced away from his house. As
  a final humiliation, he pulled her tights down to her ankles and hung a sign
  round her neck. 'Punished Thief' it read.  
The afternoon sun baked down on Lisa's face, crusting
  the semen, despite her tears which splashed down onto her breasts and her shaved
  pussy. She was a grown woman reduced to this humiliated posture!  
She would have felt even more humiliated if she
  had seen the video camera which recorded her from an overlooking window. This
  was the 'money shot' for Punishedthieves.com, an exclusive members-only site
  which dealt with the spanking and humiliation of real women. Within hours,
  Lisa's tears and semen streaked visage would be e-mailed to subscribers, inviting
  them to watch the edited highlights of her punishment.  
Little did she know that one of these subscribers
  was her own husband!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





