BDSM Library - Brother's Help




Brother's Help
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A work of fiction about a woman desiring to be a true submissive.Brothers Help   
A warm summer night found Harry and Helen sitting on the back porch of their
  country home. They had been discussing the aspects of the BDSM that they had
  recently been looking into. Harry had spanked Helen a few times, and occasionally
  used clothes pins on her nipples, but Helen was wanting more. Although she
  didn't quite know how to express her feelings to Harry, she felt that she loved
  the pain that he inflicted on her, she was the most wet when that happened.
  Helen jumped as she heard a voice, "Hey, you two, what are ya'll doing just
  sitting around on such a nice night?" It was Harry's brother, John. Harry looked
  up, "Not much just day dreaming a little I guess", he replied. "Your looking
  fine as usual, Helen, how are you?" asked John. "Oh ok, just sitting around
  doing some thinking, said Helen, "what are you up to and where is, Kaylie?" " I
  left her ass at home, all she can do is bitch about every little thing." Harry,
  looked at Helen, and said, "Don't be rude Helen, go get John a glass of iced
  tea". Helen rolled her eyes but got up to do as instructed. As soon as Helen
  was out of earshot, Harry turned to John and said," John we have always been
  close, and I hate to see you so miserable, I hear you complaining constantly
  about Kaylie and her bitching, why don't you do something to straighten that
  girl out?" "Like what"? John asked. "Well Helen and I have been discussing
  a few things lately" giving his brother a wink. "C'mon, don't beat around the
  bush Harry, just say what's on your mind". "Ok, well its like this, John, Helen
  has been surfing that damn internet, you know I have a hard time keeping her
  off that darn computer. She stumbled on to some site that told about BDSM stuff,
  do you know what that is?" " I have heard of it, a little, but I am not sure
  what it entails" says, John. " Well brother let me tell you, we have only done
  a few things, whipping, I have put clothes pins on Helens nipples, seems all
  pretty painful to me but Helen seems to get even hotter when I am reprimanding
  her about something, I did a little investigating myself, I have gathered she
  is what people would call a pain slut" . "You have got to be joking!" John
  was amazed and a little turned on by the whole concept. Harry looked at John, " No
  I am not joking, but I have a little plan, with your help I can find out if
  Helen is really serious about all this." " Count me in!" exclaimed John.  
"Where can that gal be, wondered Harry, she has been in there a long time
  just for a glass of tea." " Do you want me to go find her", asked John. A smiled
  played at the corners of Harry's lips, "Yes, go find her and if she is on that
  computer, tell her to get her ass out here NOW". John, entered the house, not
  knowing that Harry was almost certain that Helen had indeed sat down at her
  desk for a "quick" look at email, and was cooking up a little surprise for
  her when she came out. John went through the kitchen looking for Helen with
  no luck, but he did find his iced tea sitting on the counter. Taking a sip,
  he looked into the office to see Helen typing away, at the computer. Walking
  up behind her, he put his hand on her shoulder, startled she looked up into
  John's eyes, " Oh John, I am so sorry, I made your tea and then thought I would
  just take a quick peek at my email, casting her eyes down, I see you found
  it." "Yes Helen, I found it, thanks. Harry said if I found you here I should
  tell you to get your ass outside", John said with the slightest smirk. Furrowing
  her brows, she wonders if Harry has gotten the message about her desires, shaking
  her head she thinks not. " Ok John, lets go, I am done in here anyway", she
  says as she gets up from her chair, her skirt riding up her thighs, giving
  John a nice peek at her thighs as she does. John' eyes widen, he could have
  sworn that Helen wasn't wearing any panties, but that couldn't be, Helen had
  always seemed like the girl next door type. John followed behind, watching
  the sway of her skirt as she headed to the back door, still wondering if he
  could have possibly been right.  
"What's up babe," Helen asks Harry as she makes her way back to her chair.
  Harry looking a little miffed, says, " Helen, where were you, John has been
  out here for awhile waiting on you to return with his tea, you weren't on that
  computer again were you?" Helen allows her gaze to fall to floor, " Yes, I
  was, but I didn't think I was on there that long, I just wanted to check email." " You
  were very rude to my brother and you know I will not allow you to insult my
  family, I think you need to be punished for your rudeness, do you agree?" Helen
  looked up quickly, shocked that Harry would bring up anything like that in
  front of John. "Yes Harry I do, I will assume the position later in the privacy
  of our bedroom". " No, Helen, you just spoke with me the other day about wanting
  to be open with our relationship and show everyone how devoted you are to me,
  am I right?" Helen, with a near frightened look. " Yes, you are right, but
  I didn't think we had discussed it in great length yet." Harry looking more
  smug than ever, shoots a glance toward his brother, "I have given it some great
  thought and I have come to the conclusion, that I am ready, more than ready
  to explore this new lifestyle with you, now the question is, are you ready
  to fully submit to me?" Helen doesn't say anything for a few minutes, she has
  a million thoughts running through her mind. She feels the flutter building
  up in her stomach, somewhat frightened, but very excited all the same. She
  knows this is what she has wanted her whole life, but was afraid to voice it,
  thinking someone would think her insane. Harry moves over to Helen, placing
  a finger under her chin and lifting her head up to meet his gaze, " Well, Helen,
  were you serious, or just playing me?" Hands trembling and heart racing, Helen
  locks eyes with Harry, " I am very serious, I am ready". Bending down to give
  Helen a quick kiss, he says " John, you are about to see what I mean by "straightening
  that gal out" and the start of a beautiful relationship.  
   
Harry walks to the end of the porch and picks up a long rope, which he tosses
  to John. He returns to Helen and lightly kisses her cheek as lifts her blouse
  over her head. Kissing the top of her breasts he reaches behind her to undo
  her bra. As she feels the bra start to slip, Helen instinctively holds it against
  herself. Shaking his head, Harry says, " No Helen, let it drop, I want John
  to see your big juicy tits". Helen looks searchingly at Harry as she does what
  she is told. As soon as the bra hits the floor, Harry has Helen's nipples between
  his fingers, cruelly turning and pinching them, till Helen thinks she will
  drop to her knees. John, standing idly by, says " Hey Harry isn't that a little
  rough?" " You haven't seen anything yet John, laughs Harry, this bitch loves
  everything I do to her, she knows it makes me feel good to see her pain and
  she gladly stands for it". "Wow, exclaims John, can I try?" Stepping back and
  nodding to Helen, Harry smiles at John "Be my guest, you were the one she was
  rude to". John admiring Helen's big tits lifts them in his hands, noticing
  how big and luscious the nipples are he can't contain himself any longer. He
  takes the nipples between his fingers and pulls them out away from her tits.
  Helens breath catches, it isn't to rough but the thought of someone other than
  Harry handling her excites her further. " John, chuckles Harry, you aren't
  doing anything but arousing her, really give it to her." Taking his cue, John
  begins to pinch and pull at the same time, twisting and turning, amazed at
  how well Helen seems to handle his abuse. " Give them a good hard jerk, says
  Harry and lets get down to business." John jerks her nipples very hard, leaving
  Helen gasping. Whispering in her ear, Harry says, " You asked for a Master,
  slave, and I have every intention of granting your wish." Smiling, Helen replies, " Mmm
  yes, Master."  
"Take her skirt off" Harry tells John. John is more than happy to oblige,
  as he leans forward to gently pull her skirt off her thighs. As he slides it
  down her legs, he is pleased to see she is indeed not wearing panties, and
  to top off a nice dream, her pussy is shaved bare. He realizes just how much
  she enjoys this attention, as he sees the first drops of dew on her pussy lips.
  Harry leans over to Helen and whispers, "Now, we will see how much you REALLY
  want to please your Master." Helen nods, as a smile creeps across her lips.  
Harry reaches out to John and asks for the rope, he takes both of Helens
  wrists and ties the rope securely around them. Feeling a bit excited Helen
  wonders what is coming next, she can't imagine that Harry would do much to
  her in front of his brother, but was she ever wrong. Harry leads her to the
  center of the porch and tells her to stand with her legs spread and her head
  down. Helen quickly does as she is told as John moves in a little closer to
  get a good look at the action about to take place.  
" Secure her hands to that pulley in the ceiling", Harry tells John. John
  looks up and indeed there is a pulley there, he grabs a chair, climbs up and
  begins running the rope through the pulley. Helen glances up to see what is
  in store for her. A hard slap on her ass reminds her quickly that she has done
  wrong. " I told you head down! You will pay for that mistake too my little
  slave" exclaims Harry. John finishes threading the rope through the pulley
  and climbs down, "Here you go Harry", handing the end to his brother. As Harry
  gathers the end of the rope he glances down and sees that his brother is getting
  turned on as well, which only adds to his excitement and makes him want to
  show his brother as much as he possibly can.  
Harry starts to tug on the rope raising Helen off the porch, he tugs her
  up until her toes are barely touching . Arms stretched up so taut, her firm
  big tits jutting out, she looks like she is ready to take anything Harry can
  dish out. Harry grabs her between her legs and feels how excited she is as
  well. " You really are a little slut slave aren't you bitch"? " Yes Master," replies
  Helen, loving the feel on her bare pussy. " Helen you are so wet, lets see
  how wet you get when you start paying for your rudeness." With that Harry turns
  to go into the house leaving John to gape and Helen to wonder why he would
  leave her like this with his brother watching. Her arms were already starting
  to get tired from being strung up and dangling by them. "John, do you think
  you could lower me just a little" asks Helen sweetly. " I don't know Helen,
  Harry put you there and I think he means for you to stay put." Softly moaning
  she says, "Ok John, but could you just rub my arms for me?" John doesn't think
  there would be any harm in doing that for her, after all she did look very
  uncomfortable hanging there like that not to mention sexy as hell. John softly
  starts rubbing up and down on her arms, noticing as he did that she seemed
  to jut her tits out to his face even more. He lowers his lips to her nipples
  gently nipping at them. Helen throws her head back enjoying the sensations
  that John is causing.  
Helen was lowered from her bonds and told to sit in a chair which she did
  immediately. Both of the men were very pleased with how she had responded and
  was sure that this was only the beginning.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  countrygirl9662


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





