BDSM Library - The Roommate




The Roommate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lynn is a freshman just starting college and she becomes the slave of her roommate.THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 1   
   
Lynn and Tiffany were roommates in college. Lynn just turned 21 years old
  last month. She didn't go to college right away she wanted to explore the world
  and visit some countries. Lynn was a freshman and just moved in with Tiffany
  over the summer. Lynn has not been initiated to the college as of yet. But
  by nature she will be initiated all year by the senior girls. Tiffany has been
  Shannon slave for last three years, but Lynn didn't know that she was her slave.
  One day Lynn left early from her house to go to class and she forgot her art
  notes for a quiz that she had today. She got back to the house and heard some
  loud noises upstairs in Tiffany's bedroom. She thought Tiffany was getting
  laid by her boyfriend and they were just having some good sex. As she walked
  up the steps she heard another female voice screaming Tiffany's name. The door
  was partially open and Lynn could see something in the mirror that was by the
  bed. As Lynn looked closer she could see there was a female by the toilet and
  another straddling her. All of a sudden she heard a loud whap and then she
  heard Tiffany scream. Tiffany said "Yes Mistress Stephanie I promise to be
  ready for you at all times when you come over to the house."  
Lynn opened the door a little wider and got a better look, she could see
  Tiffany on her knees with her ass high in the air completely naked with her
  head in the toilet. Then she seen her Mistress Stephanie standing over her
  slave in a leather outfit with a dildo strapped around her waist. She could
  see that Stephanie was Asian, and it looked like she was very mad at Tiffany.
  Lynn could see Tiffany's ass beet red and she could see in Stephanie's hand
  a hair brush.  
Lynn was starting to get excited from the domination that her roommate was
  taken. Stephanie would be pushing Tiffany's head in the toilet and she could
  hear Stephanie tell her to drink up and keep playing with her pussy. That is
  when Lynn looked between Tiffany's legs she could see Tiffany's fingers playing
  with her little pussy.  
Lynn then snuck into her room and got her book and was heading out when she
  seen Stephanie get behind Tiffany and from what she could see was Stephanie
  stick the dildo in her ass. Mistress Stephanie then told her to crawl into
  the kitchen and get the dog they tied up. Lynn then hid in the closet and thought
  about what the dog was for and now she will see why Tiffany had to keep the
  dog.  
Tiffany crawled to the kitchen and got the dog and the Mistress got some
  spray and made Tiffany bend over a little table they had in the corner of the
  kitchen. She sprayed Tiffany's pussy and that got the dog all hot and bothered.
  Suddenly he mounted her from behind and the Mistress got in front of her and
  took off her leather outfit and told her to get busy and eat her pussy. From
  Lynn's position in the closet all she could see is the dog fucking her brains
  out and the mistress moaning from Tiffany eating the pussy.  
After about an hour she could see Tiffany was wore out from the screwing
  she just got. Mistress Stephanie then made Tiffany get up and crawl upstairs
  to the bedroom. As Tiffany was crawling by Lynn in the closet the mistress
  spanked her ass all the way up the stairs. Lynn could see that Tiffany's ass
  was black and blue.  
THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 2   
   
Lynn got out of the closet and went out the front door. As she was going
  to school she was imagining Tiffany in different positions and different locations.
  At lunch she had some more daydreams but this time it was as if she was in
  control of Tiffany.  
It was the afternoon and Lynn went into the bathroom to go pee, she picked
  out the last stall and was relaxing she wasn't in a hurry to go to her last
  class. When all of a sudden she heard some commotion in the bathroom. She kept
  real quiet. She heard a bunch of girls come into the bathroom and this black
  freshman girl was washing her face at the sink. The girls surrounded her and
  told her they wanted her to get down on her knees. The girl tried to leave
  that bathroom. When Lynn heard a smack. She tried to get a better look but
  she heard the girl crying. And then the girls told her to get on her knees
  and take her clothes off. The girl was crying but she did as she was told.
  She took off her blouse and her jeans. This one girl took off her belt while
  the girl was undressing and hit the girl hard on the ass. She told her she
  wasn't undressing fast enough.  
The black girl was down to her panties and bra when one of the girls grabbed
  her hair and said to pull off the rest. The little black girl was crying hard
  and begging not to be humiliated. Then one girl ripped off her bra and pulled
  down the panties. The black girl had some nice tits. One girl had some string
  and tied the black girl's hands behind her back. Another girl pushed the girl
  up to the sink and bent her over. She had grabbed her pussy from behind and
  stuck a few fingers in the girl. The black girl begged but to no avail she
  was getting finger fucked.  
The women led the girl to a stall and put her face in the toilet and flushed
  the toilet a few times. Another girl spanked the black ass. These women had
  this girl at there mercy. They wanted to embarrass the girl more so she would
  jump next time they were around her. One woman put a collar around the girl's
  neck. Another grabbed her clothes and told her she would not need them she
  was there pussy slave and she would be kept naked. While one girl was throwing
  her clothes in the trash she noticed a used tampon. She grabbed it and told
  the other women she had an idea. So she went to the black girl and opened her
  mouth and forced the pad in. She told the black girl she would be their bathroom
  slut that would take care of them when their periods were there. The black
  girl was told to clean the pad and it better be clean. At that moment one girl
  grabbed the girl's clit and squeezed it hard, the black girl screamed and got
  busy cleaning the pad.  
The women then led the girl out of the bathroom between them and down the
  hallway. One girl said that something was missing. They had a hairbrush from
  the black girl's purse that they were going to use on her ass when one put
  it right in her asshole. She said "hey that's what this slut needed was a tail"  
Lynn came out of the bathroom all shocked from what she just heard and saw.
  She was scared that someone might come and try to do it to her. So she quickly
  left the bathroom and went to her last class. In class she thought about the
  black girl. Now she was there slave and had to do what they wanted.  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 3   
  
Lynn left school and headed for home. She had one hell of a day seeing her
  roommate and the poor little black girl. She had a lot of homework from classes
  today so she needed to get caught up. She got to the house she seen another
  car in the driveway. She walked in the door and seen her roommate had a few
  friends over drinking beer. She knew then her homework wouldn't get done if
  she stayed there. So she went to her room and got a few things and went back
  to the school library. It was getting late and she was walking by literature
  II classroom and she could hear some sounds coming from the room. She peaked
  in and she could see this heavyset teacher and one of the senior class females
  that she has seen around campus. The girl didn't act at all like she was happy
  with the teacher. From what Lynn could see is that she had this teacher against
  her desk. Then Lynn seen that the girl had a paddle and seen the teacher raise
  her dress up and the girl hit her ass with it.  
Then all she heard was some screaming and it was the girl telling the teacher
  she better have her clothes off fast or she was going to get a pussy whipping.
  Lynn was shocked to hear and see the teacher obeying her. She seen the teacher
  take off her pantyhose then her dress and was forced to fold up the dress and
  put it on the chair. Then the teacher took off her bra and she seen some big
  fat flabby tits. While she was bending down to pull off her panties the student
  hit her left tit with the ruler she took off the desk. It left a big red mark,
  and then she did the same to the other side. Lynn could see the teacher crying
  and begging for mercy but the student then told her she wanted her ass on the
  desk on all fours.  
The panties dropped to the floor and the student picked them up, Lynn started
  to feel a tingle between her legs watching all the fun the girl was having
  with the embarrassed teacher. Then the student went around to the front of
  the desk and showed the teacher she was a nasty pig. The panties were all wet
  and gooey from the teacher coming in her panties without her permission. Then
  Lynn seen the rage in the students eyes and she paddled her ass 10 times. The
  teacher's ass was glowing red. The student the made the teacher spread her
  legs very wide and arch her ass high and put her shoulders on the desk. Then
  the student got behind her and Lynn could see she spread her pussy lips apart
  and the teacher was so wet and glistening an elephant could have fucked her.
  The student reached in and teased her clit and Lynn could hear her moan.  
All of a sudden the student went around to the front and in the drawer of
  the teacher and got some duct tape and told the teacher from now on you are
  going to have a smooth pussy and you will not wear any panties here to school.
  I will come and check on occasion, do you understand that slave. Then she pinched
  her tit and the teacher agreed. She walked back behind the desk and took some
  tape off the roll and attached to her pussy. Then grabbed some thick markers
  from the drawer and stuck it in her fat ass and wiggled it around.  
The teacher was at her mercy when all of a sudden the tape was ripped off
  and most of her pussy hair was on the tape. She did the project a few times
  till all the pussy hair was gone. Then it was time to parade her bitch around
  the classroom. She had her teacher get down on all fours. Her breast touched
  the floor in this position. Then the student got some string out of her teacher's
  desk and tied some string to her nipples. She told the teacher that the string
  would be pulled to the direction she wanted to go. She pulled her belt off
  her pants to use as a whip to get her teacher to go faster.  
THE ROOMMATE  
CHAPTER 4  
  
Lynn watched the student mount the teacher and seen her pull the strings
  and her tits were yanked one direction to another. Then she watched as the
  student hit her ass with the belt to move on as they were going by the door
  she ducked and then looked in she seen the student use the belt one more time
  and this time it hit the teacher right in the pussy. The teacher yelled out
  in pain. Suddenly the student got upset and told the teacher to get up and
  go to her desk. Then she made her sit on her desk and spread her legs wide
  apart. Now Lynn could see her fat pussy in broad view. It was red from the
  duct tape and wet as hell from the torture. She then told her to play with
  her pussy till she tells her to stop and then she hit her tits with the belt.
  The teacher's eyes were pleading her to stop but she was playing hard with
  her pussy to come. 
Then the student stopped hitting her tits and you could see they were all
  red. She then grabbed the teacher's panties again and wiped the teacher's pussy
  with them and put them to the teachers face. They were all wet then she stuck
  them in the teacher's top drawer to remind her of the day. She told her teacher
  they better stay in there or else. Then she came back around to the front of
  the teacher and told her to spread her legs wider. She then swung the belt
  directly on her pussy and the teacher screamed in pain. The teacher then curled
  in a fetal position. The student then demanded her to spread them again. So
  she did and got hit again. 
The student said there was five more coming for her because she came in her
  panties earlier. After she was done her teacher was crying from the pain. She
  then told her teacher to get up and get dressed. She said she would come see
  her on visits between classes and before and after school. The teacher said
  in a soft voice. "Yes mistress I will be waiting." 
Lynn hurried up and scampered down the hall to the library and watched the
  student come out and leave. Then a few minutes later the teacher came out dressed
  and started walking down the hall. She was walking awkwardly and Lynn knew
  why. Lynn then sat down and started studying for her classes. 
At about midnight Lynn was tired and went home. She got to the house and
  it was all a mess from the party. Everyone was gone so she went to the kitchen
  and got some food. As she walked up stairs she could hear her roommate again
  making a lot of noise. This time she peaked in her room she could see her roommate
  had her mouth over a door knob and was tied there and couldn't move. Then she
  peaked a little better and seen that she was being severely tortured. Her mistress
  was sitting by a door and connected to that door was a spring. 
Every time she pushed the door the spring would stretch and she would hear
  her roommate Tiffany would moan real loud. At closer looking in she could see
  that Mistress Steffanie was closing the door and the spring was connected to
  Tiffany's pussy, so every time the door closed it pulled Tiffany's pussy lips
  tight and made her scream out in pain. Steffanie loved it to see her bitch
  moan and beg. Lynn then left and went to her room to go to bed and then she
  heard some more screams from the kitchen this time so she snuck down the steps
  to see what Mistress Steffanie was doing to Tiffany this time. She got down
  to the living room she could hear Steffanie give orders to Tiffany but couldn't
  understand what she was doing. As she got to the door she heard Steffanie tell
  her to get something out of the freezer. 
THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 5   
   
Tiffany got this dildo made of ice and the strap that goes with it. Mistress
  Steffanie then told Tiffany to go strap the dildo to the kitchen chair and
  then she told her to straddle the chair but not to insert it as of yet. She
  then had Tiffany lean forward and she had some clips in her hand. She clipped
  her nipples and there was a string connecting the clips together. Then Mistress
  Steffanie tied her hands behind her back she told her that she wanted her to
  squat and guide the dildo in her pussy and not help it in. From Lynn's position
  she could see the pain in Tiffany's face and the pleasure on Mistress Steffanie's
  face. She did not want her to be comfortable at all. As Tiffany was squatting
  on the dildo Mistress Steffanie would yank hard on her nipple clips. That would
  knock her off balance and she would have to reposition the dildo again. As
  she slowly inserted the dildo her pussy got real cold the mistress got upset
  and she stood up and applied pressure on Tiffany's shoulders, the weight pushed
  her all the way down on the dildo. She made her stay in that position until
  she got done smoking a cigarette.  
Tiffany's eyes were begging her for mercy when Mistress reached over and
  pulled a nipple hard with her right hand she pulled hard enough to make Tiffany
  yell. At that time of her yell Mistress was not happy she told her to open
  her mouth and stick out her tongue. Mistress Steffanie then put her cigarette
  ashes on her tongue and made Tiffany hold her tongue there a minute.  
She then grabbed her cheeks and told her to swallow the ashes and she didn't
  want to see any evidence when she inspected later. Tiffany's pussy was frozen
  and her mouth was filled with cigarette ashes, and her tits ached from Mistress
  pulling on them. She was felling miserable. Mistress Steffanie finished her
  cigarette and then put it in Tiffany's mouth, she told her to have it disappear
  while she goes and gets her stuff from the room. Lynn quickly hid behind the
  door and watched Tiffany swallow the cigarette. Mistress Steffanie came back
  down to the kitchen and told her slave she could get off the chair. She then
  escorted her mistress to the door. She gave her mistress a deep kiss while
  Mistress steffanie played with her pussy warming it up.  
Mistress Steffanie left and Tiffany scampered to her room. Lynn then came
  out from behind the door and went upstairs to her room. Lynn had a tough time
  sleeping that night thinking of punishments that the women had gone through.  
The next day Lynn got up and was getting dressed for school, she heard her
  roommate answer the phone and Lynn could hear Tiffany say "yes mistress I am
  on my way, I will be over there in fifteen minutes." Then she heard her say "yes
  mistress I will be there in twelve minutes or my pussy will get whipped." So
  Lynn decided that she was going to make her late, so she yelled out to Tiffany
  to come to her room and help her put a curl in her hair in back. Tiffany told
  her she didn't have time and she had to get going. But Lynn pleaded so she
  finally agreed. Lynn looked at her watch and seen that she had distracted her
  for a few minutes.  
Tiffany got out to her car and was on her cell phone with Mistress Steffanie
  pleading for a few more minutes. She sped off in a hurry and Lynn knew she
  would be late for the appointment.  
THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 6   
Lynn took off to school and got in the parking lot and pulled into
    her parking spot. She bent down to get something off the floor when she heard
    some commotion outside by her car. Lynn peaked out the back of her car window
    and she seen the group of girls and they had the little black girl between
    them. She was told to take her clothes off and she refused to take her clothes
    off outside in the grass. The women got pissed and hit the girl a few times
    in the stomach. The girl went down on her knees. Then the women started ripping
    her clothes off her. Another girl was behind her with her belt off. They
    got all the girls clothes off and threw them and landed on Lynn's car. Lynn
    could see the scared girls face for not doing what the girls wanted.  
    
She was put on her hands and knees when the woman swung the belt and hit
  her left breast. The poor black girl fell to the ground. One girl quickly grabbed
  her by her hair and then they looked at this other girl that took off her panties
  and leaned against a tree. She spread her legs and the other women guided the
  black girls face to her pussy. The black girl tried to back away when all of
  a sudden the girl swung the belt between her legs and hit her directly on her
  pussy. The black girl started crying very loudly but was forced to go between
  her legs. Lynn could see a little string and she knew that the girl was on
  her time of the month. They forced her to grab the string and pull it out with
  her teeth. From what Lynn could see was that one girl was using the belt on
  the black girl's ass and the other girls were holding her down while she was
  licking the girl's pussy clean. One girl went to her car and came back with
  a rope and threw it over a branch in the tree. The black girl finished cleaning
  the girl and then one girl put the tampon in the black girl's mouth and told
  to clean it off. The pulled the girl and hung her up on the branch. Now she
  was spread and vulnerable. The leader came up to her and told her not to drop
  the tampon when she grabbed a bullwhip from one of the girls and stood back
  and swung the whip. It wrapped around and hit her tits. She screamed though
  the tampon and the next three she was begging for mercy. Then all of a sudden
  the Leader brought it up between her legs and it hit her little pussy. The
  tampon fell out and landed on the ground. The Leader came to her and told her
  now she will pay for it. Another girl tied her legs up to the tree limb above
  her head.  
The leader then grabbed her pussy lips and told the girl now she was going
  to pay for it. She had one of the girls get a toolbox out of the back of their
  car. Came back and she opened the box. One girl grabbed a dildo gag out of
  the box and put it in the girl's mouth. All she could do is watch what they
  were going to do to her pussy. The leader then grabbed her outer pussy lips
  and attached clamps to them. She then taped the clamp so that her pussy was
  wide open. Lynn could hear the black girl begging to be freed. Then the leader
  grabbed some clamps with hooks on them and attached them to the black girl's
  inner pussy lips. The black girl pleaded and begged to no avail, but she was
  about to feel the worst pain she has never felt before. The Leader then asked
  the other girls to bet and see how much weight the pussy lips could stand.
  Lynn could not believe what these girls were doing to the poor girl's pussy
  but the black girl did talk back to them earlier. Lynn now believes the girl
  will now do anything anywhere these girls want her to do it. The leader then
  added her first two weights to the lips. She could see her screaming through
  the dildo gag. Then all of a sudden the mistress grabbed vice grips out of
  her toolbox and told her she will never tell her no, ever again and she looked
  the girl in the eyes and then she spread her pussy lips and clamped her clit
  with the vice grips and then she let it go and fall.  
THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 7  
Then each girl came to the girl's ear and told her that she will now pay
  the rest of her life for disobeying the leader. Each girl picked up the vice
  grips and dropped them to further punish the bitch. The poor girl was crying
  so hard she was at there mercy. After about twenty minutes of torturing the
  girl they let her go.  
   
  The women then told the girl they would see her at lunchtime in the
  girl's locker room and she was told to be sitting on the toilet in the corner
  stall when they got there.  
   
  They all left and the girl got ready and went into the school. Lynn
  then got out of her car and walked into the school; she got to her locker and
  got her books for the day. She started walking to the bathroom and she seen
  the heavyset girl walk in to the bathroom. A minute later she saw the same
  student that dominated her walk into the bathroom behind her. Lynn walked into
  the bathroom and peaked around the corner where she could see what was happening.
  The student had walked in behind the teacher without her knowing she was in
  school and grabbed her by the hair. The student then reached up under her dress
  and noticed that the teacher had panties on.  
   
  The teacher begged and told her mistress that she was on her time of
  the month and needed to wear a pad. The mistress didn't want to hear any excuses
  from her. She told her that she was going to take off her panties and put them
  in her mouth while the mistress walks her dog to class. The teacher begged
  that she would do anything but not to embarrass her like that. The student
  didn't want to hear any excuses she smacked her teacher on her ass and told
  her to hurry up and get them panties off. The student then reached around and
  grabbed her teacher's tit and gave it a good pull to hurry her teacher up.
  The teacher started to take the panties off when there was a noise at the door.
  The student told her she better hurry up or there will be a student that will
  see that little pussy.  
   
  The teacher hurried and got the panties off and gave them to the mistress.
  By that time a female junior came in and went into the stall to take a leak.
  The mistress then grabbed her teacher and made her get on the floor and crawl
  out the bathroom down the hall to her classroom. To the teacher's luck there
  was no one in the hallway.  
   
  Lynn then quietly stepped out in the hall and looked down where the
  teacher and the student were just getting to the room. Lynn could see the teacher
  have her own panties hanging from her mouth and she could see her big ass move
  side to side as she crawled in the door to her classroom.  
   
  Lynn then went to the door and she could see the teacher bend over a
  student's desk in the front of the classroom. Behind her she saw the student
  grab the big spanking board that was on wall. Lynn heard the student to count
  each stroke that she hits on her ass. The student then tells the teacher she
  was bad and hits her ass 10 times with the board and she could see the teacher
  crying from each hit. Then the student tells her teacher to go in the corner
  and leave her dress up so she could see her fat red ass. She then tells the
  teacher that she will see her after school back in the bathroom, to have her
  panties in her mouth and to be ready for a long night. The teacher then was
  able to put her dress down and get ready for class.  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 8   
  
Lynn didn't want to be seen so she left to her first class. Lynn got through
  her first three classes for the day and then it was lunchtime for her. Lynn
  decided she would eat lunch and then go down to the girl's locker room to see
  how the little black girl would do with her gang mistresses.  
   
  Lynn snuck down about 20 minutes early and got in the corner in the
  janitors closet. From her view she could see anything that the women would
  do to the girl. Five minutes later the girl came into the bathroom and looked
  very scared. She went into the last stall and was sitting in the stall talking
  to herself. She didn't remember if her mistresses wanted her naked sitting
  on the toilet or just sitting there waiting for her punishment.  
   
  Ten minutes later in the hallway Lynn could here the ladies coming and
  she heard one of the girls say that she wanted to whip the black tits because
  all the boys were staring at her in class. The women walked in the bathroom
  of the locker room and told their slave to come out of the stall. The little
  black girl was still dressed and that made the leader all mad. She told her
  she had five seconds to have all her clothes off and on her hands and knees
  and head down and ass high in the air.  
   
  The girls did everything to distract her and she had no chance to get
  her clothes off in time. She pulled off her blouse and took down her skirt
  when all of a sudden a girl came up behind her and gave her a wedge. She pulled
  the girls panties up so tight the black girl started begging for release. The
  panties pulled right up between her pussy lips and was rubbing hard on her
  clit. All the other women were laughing at the girl. Finally the girl let go
  of her panties and the black girl pulled them off. She pulled off her bra and
  got down on her knees in front of her mistresses. One mistress went behind
  the girl and stuck a finger in the girl's pussy and told the others she was
  wet as hell. One girl took off her belt while another sat on the black girls
  back and grabbed her arms and pulled them back. That arched out the black girls
  breasts and had them vulnerable for their punishment. The girl then swung her
  belt and hit her left breast right below her nipple. She screamed at the girl
  that she is flirting with the guys and all the guys are looking at her breasts.
  She said she is going to torture her for flaunting them out in front of the
  guys. She hit each breast 10 times and she could see the girl begging for mercy
  and pleaded with the gang's leader that she would do anything to have her stop.  
   
  The leader then came up with an idea. She knew about this bar that hated
  blacks and she wanted to see what they would do to this girl if she would be
  left there alone with these guys and women. She told her little black bitch
  to be at the front doors when school gets let out. The black girl was in pain
  severely so she agreed to that.  
   
  They let the poor black girl get dressed and let her go to her next
  class. At that time Lynn made a move in the closet and knocked over the mop
  into the bucket. That got the attention on the leader and she went over to
  the closet and opened the door. She seen Lynn in there and made her come out.
  She asked Lynn what she was doing in there and Lynn lied to her and she knew
  that was it. The women didn't believe Lynn and told her to take her clothes
  off. Lynn told them no!!!!!!!  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 9   
  
Lynn came out of the closet in front of all the mistresses. She was wearing
  this green dress and the ladies talked about what they were going to do to
  her since she was spying on them torturing their little black slave. The leader
  grabbed Lynn's hair and told her to get her dress off now. Lynn was scared
  these girls would beat her up if she didn't do as they told her. Lynn said
  she would do it, so she quickly reached behind her back and unzipped her dress.
  The leader then grabbed her hair and pulled it hard down. Lynn was forced bent
  over and she finally got off her dress as it fell to the floor.  
   
  Lynn then was in her bra and panties in front of the girls and one girl
  reached over and pulled Lynn's panties down to her knees. One of the girls
  told her she has a nice ass for the whipping. She said it was to white and
  it needed some color. At that moment the leader told Lynn to get the bra off
  or it would be ripped off. Lynn did as she was told and took the bra off, releasing
  her nice breasts.  
   
  One girl reached between Lynn's legs and seen that her pussy was soaking
  wet. The leader told her new toy that she wanted her to play with her pussy
  and cum for them. Lynn knew she better not tell them no or she would be in
  some serious trouble.  
   
  Lynn reached between her legs and started fingering her pussy as the
  other girls did things to distract her. One girl grabbed her belt as Lynn was
  playing with her pussy, she smacked Lynn on the ass several times distracting
  her from coming. Then another girl had pulled out a strap on dildo from her
  purse and put it on, she then told the leader to grab the new toy's hair and
  bend her over. The other girls in the group then grabbed Lynn's legs and kept
  them wide. The girl with the strap on came behind Lynn and forced the dildo
  in Lynn's ass. Lynn moaned in pain but couldn't move from her. She was held
  down. The leader of the group still made Lynn finger fuck herself the whole
  time she was getting ass raped.  
   
  After an hour of ass fucking one of the junior girls came into the locker
  room and seen Lynn being dominated by these ladies. The leader then told the
  other girl unless she wanted to trade positions with Lynn she better leave
  the locker room. The girl left as fast as she came in.  
   
  The ladies finally got tired of torturing her asshole so they said it
  was time for class, One girl told the leader that she needed to punish her
  new toy for not telling her the truth. The leader agreed and told one girl
  to take the enema bag she had and go put ice water in it.  
   
  The lady came back with the bag full off ice water and the mistress
  forced Lynn to bend over and touch her toes while they emptied the contents
  in her ass. Lynn's ass was filled full and the women then put a butt plug in
  Lynn so she couldn't relieve herself. They told Lynn to come back to the locker
  room the last class of the day.  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 10   
  
Lynn was finally free from the girls but her stomach hurt from the cramps
  all day. So she couldn't concentrate on anything until she relieved herself.
  Lynn then went to class and thought about what these women would do to her.  
   
  A few hours later she went into the classroom where the teacher was
  at when the mistress walked in and went to the teacher's desk. She saw the
  expression in the teacher's eyes. The teacher then told everyone that she would
  be back; she said she had to take the student to the principal's office to
  have a meeting. The teacher then got up and followed the mistress out the door.
  As they got out the door the mistress pinned her teacher against the wall outside
  the door and then she grabbed her teacher's nipples and yanked hard on both.  
   
  She then told the teacher to get in the bathroom, the teacher quickly
  followed her mistress to the bathroom and she was forced in the last stall
  and told to take off her dress and lay it over the stall and was told to stand
  on the toilet and squat so she could have access to her pussy. The mistress
  then reached between her teacher's legs and grabbed the tampon that she had
  in her pussy and pulled it out and it was all soaking wet with her blood. She
  then told her teacher to beg and told her to stick her tongue out to accept
  the tampon.  
   
  The mistress put the tampon in her mouth and told her to clean it by
  the time she was done cleaning her pussy. The teacher didn't know what she
  was going to do until she seen the toilet brush come up to her pussy. The mistress
  then aimed the bristles right into her pussy and brushed her pussy real hard.
  She could hear that the teacher was in some pain by the moans the teacher was
  doing. She was pleased what she was doing. When she got done with her pussy
  she had the teacher then grab the toilet plunger that was beside the toilet
  and she had her put it in the toilet and the handle was sticking out of the
  toilet.  
   
  The mistress then grabbed a small whip from her purse and she told her
  to fuck the toilet plunger in her ass. The teacher reached under her ass and
  guided the plunger in her asshole while her mistress whipped her tits. The
  teacher was forced down on the plunger 8 inches and the mistress wanted her
  to take more. So she hit each tit harder, finally the teacher was almost 11
  inches on it and she could see the face of the teacher was in a lot of pain.  
   
  Lynn was still sitting in the classroom with her cramps and was hoping
  the class to be over faster then it was going. A few minutes later the teacher
  and the student came back and she could see the teacher was not walking straight.
  Thirty minutes later the class was over. Lynn walked slowly to her locker and
  opened it when all of a sudden one of the girl's in the gang came behind her
  and squeezed her stomach. She moaned in pain when the lady then grabbed the
  dildo in her ass and forced it farther in her ass. Lynn looked at her and begged
  to stop. The lady then said what are you going to do for me if I stop. Lynn
  couldn't think of anything at the moment. Because she was so distracted from
  the pain. Well class was almost over for the day and it was now the last class
  of the day. Lynn was happy because it was now time to go see the leader and
  the gang to get relief of the enema.  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 11   
  
Lynn went down to the locker room to get relief from her enema, when she
  walked in she seen the gang over against the wall waiting for her to get there.
  They told Lynn to get her clothes off so they could inspect her body. Lynn
  quickly did as she was told and took off all her clothes.  
   
  The leader looked at Lynn's eyes as she was pleading with her eyes to
  be relieved of the pain. The leader then grabbed her nipples and told her that
  she will never lie to her again when she was asked questions. Then she told
  her to get over to the toilet and pull out the dildo and insert it in her mouth
  while she was relieving herself. Lynn did not even complain she did as she
  was told. She pulled out the dildo and inserted it in her mouth and sat on
  the toilet.  
   
  After she was done one of the girls picked up her clothes as they put
  a collar and a leash on her neck. The leader then pulled the leash as they
  left the locker room. Lynn was so embarrassed because she was being led in
  public completely nude and she has never let any guys or women see her nude
  in public.  
   
  The leader led her new slave to the front door where her little black
  bitch was supposed to be waiting. As they got closer to the door she could
  see past the leader and she seen the black girl there holding her books. The
  leader of the group of women then told one of the girls to go get the jeep
  and another to get the car. These women were going to embarrass the sluts by
  driving to this bar.  
   
  The leader then told the little black girl to take off her clothes right
  there. The little girl then quickly did as she was told and took off all her
  clothes. As she was taking off her clothes one of the girls would grab her
  ass and another would pinch her nipple. She would just quench in pain but would
  go on finishing taking off her clothes. The leader then grabbed another collar
  and put it on the little black girl and connected the leash.  
   
  The leader then led both girls by their leash to the jeep and told the
  girls to get in the back and stand up by the roll bar. As each girl was getting
  into the jeep one of the other girls would spank their ass with her hand to
  leave nice handprints. Then the leader of the gang got in the front of the
  jeep and told the girls to stand by the roll bar and then she told each girl
  that they were suppose to squat during the whole trip to the bar and the women
  did agree.  
   
  The women then tied each girl's hands to the ends of the bar so they
  couldn't defend themselves. One mistress then got some nipple clips with strings
  attached and clamped the nipples but the strings were over the bar and the
  leader then attached some weights to each nipple. The girls both knew that
  in the jeep with the suspension it had, they knew they would have sensitive
  nipples by the time they reached the bar because of all the bouncing they were
  going to be doing.  
   
  The girls squatted and had to keep their legs wide open for inspection
  or for their mistresses to play with their pussies. The leader had one of the
  other girls drive the jeep while she tenderized her little pussies and asses.
  The leader first grabbed the little black girl's nipple strings and pulled
  hard so she would feel the sharp pain in each tit. Then she reached over and
  put her finger in Lynn's pussy.  
THE ROOMMATE    
CHAPTER 12   
  
At the touch of the leader of the gang touching her pussy, Lynn got seriously
  wet and everyone in the jeep knew it. She then stuck several fingers in her
  pussy and Lynn was moaning with each thrust. The little black girl was watching
  Lynn enjoy her probing. Down the highway these women were driving and the leader
  had Lynn humping three fingers now and they knew she was ready for what about
  to happen.  
   
  The leader then focused her attention on the little black girl's pussy
  and started forcing her fingers in one at a time. She was tighter then Lynn
  was because she wasn't sexually active like Lynn liked to do. By the time the
  jeep got to the bar both girl's pussies were wet and both women were so excited
  because the leader and the other girls would let them cum.  
   
  The ladies pulled up to the bar front door and the leader and another
  girl got out and went into the bar. They went into the bar to get the drunk
  guys all rowdy by the time they let the girls in the bar. The leader told the
  men that there were some women coming in the bar that called the men losers,
  scum, and wastes of dicks. This got the men all excited and they were going
  to make the women pay for their mouths.  
   
  The leader told the men she didn't think any man it that place could
  put these women in their spots on their knees begging for them to treat them
  like whores.  
   
  At that moment the leader went out to the jeep and pulled the girls
  off the back and into the bar with their clamps still attached to their nipples.
  The guys seen the women were naked and they all talked about fucking each girls
  brains out.  
   
  Lynn and the little black girl raised their heads and looked around
  the bar and seen it was a bunch of Mexican men and some black men playing pool.
  The leader of the gang then told the guys they have till midnight to fuck the
  brains out of the women and show them who is boss of their pussies.  
   
  The leader took the little black girl to the Mexican men and told them
  to do what they wanted to her. The little black girl knew that she was in trouble
  because the men then grabbed her collar and forced her to bend over the table.
  They then tied her hands and legs to each table leg and then each man got down
  to business on fucking her. Several guys would get their chance each time.
  The first Mexican guy pulled his pants down and stuck his dick right in her
  already wet pussy and both started moaning very fast. The other Mexican said
  she had three holes and he was going to get his rod ready so he stuck it in
  her mouth. He told her that after his friend was done he was going to fuck
  her asshole raw.  
   
  The first Mexican took 10 minutes to cum the first time and then the
  other pulled his dick out of her mouth and went right to her ass and spread
  it wide. He stuck it right in and she screamed bloody murder.  
   
  As the black girl was getting her ass and pussy fucked bloody raw, Lynn
  on the other hand was given to the black men to take care of her  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 13   
  
Lynn was led over to the pool tables where the black men were at and her
  leash was given to this big black guy winning the pool table. The guy then
  made Lynn get on the pool table and do a table dance for the guys. As she was
  dancing around the nipple weights were tenderizing her nipples. A few minutes
  later one of the guys got very horny and told her to turn around and stick
  her ass out and the guy grabbed a cue stick and put the tip right up to her
  ass and he told her to fuck the stick and stick it as far in her pussy as she
  could. Lynn was already very excited and knew the stick would slip right in.  
Lynn then slowly guided the stick deeper into her pussy and started humping
  it, she got six inches in and she was going to town when the guys got angry
  and said she wasn't doing it sexy enough for them so one guy pulled her down
  and each of the black men had forced her ass over the pool table and the took
  turns fucking her very roughly against the table.  
The little black girl did her men several times already and they were not
  happy with her movement of fucking so they tied her over a chair and had her
  ass accessible to them. They tied her feet and hands down to each leg of the
  chair. She was totally at their mercy. One Mexican guy then got behind her
  ass and took off his belt and hit her ass twenty times in rhythm. She was crying
  and begging that she will do better and please all the men.  
One guy said he had some things out in his car; he went out to the car and
  came back in with a battery charger. The little black girl screamed and pleaded
  with the men and promised to do anything they wanted. One guy then spread the
  little black girl's legs as wide as they could to watch the show that was about
  to happen to her little pussy. The guy with the battery charger the sat the
  charger on the floor and went and plugged in the charger to the electric socket.
  One other guy then got some water and sprinkled it all around her little pussy.
  Then the battery charger guy grabbed the negative terminal connector and attached
  it to her pussy lip, and she screamed from the pinch on her lip. He then grabbed
  the positive terminal connector and attached it to her other pussy lip.  
Now she was set for the fun of the guys and she couldn't move at all. The
  guy then asks if everyone is ready for her to jump around. The Mexican then
  reached over and turned on the switch, the little black girl screamed the top
  of her lungs and tried to jump away from the pain in her pussy. All the guys
  were laughing at her and they also decided that she will at all times please
  each of us without any problems. The Mexican men did the battery jump on the
  girl for 10 more minutes before they quit. She was now exhausted from the pain
  and the strain she was put through.  
Back at the pool table the guys were getting bored of fucking their slave
  but they had to do better then the battery charger thing on the black girl.  
One black guy had a great idea and he tied Lynn to where her ass was in a
  corner pocket of the pool table and the guys tied her feet to the side pocket
  of one pocket and the other foot to the other corner pocket. Now she was tied
  spread eagle on the pool table and her pussy was accessible to everyone.  
THE ROOMMATE   
CHAPTER 14   
  
Then one guy tied her hands and arms behind her and to the ceiling and tied
  them off so she was now bent forward over the table. One guy then went and
  got some strings and tied it to each of her nipples and tied the strings off
  to the opposite end of the table. So now she was totally vulnerable and she
  couldn't move. If she tried to pull backwards her nipples would be pulled to
  the max.  
Then the guys said there was going to be a challenge. Who ever would hit
  Lynn's pussy the most and get the loudest screams from her they would get to
  fuck her asshole. Five guys took the challenge and each guy also put a bet
  of a $100 each. So the winner of the contest would get to fuck her ass and
  get the five hundred dollars.  
The first guy got up to the table when one of the guys said they should blindfold
  the bitch so she doesn't know when the shot would strike her pussy. Everyone
  agreed about that. The man chalked his cue stick and another guy teased Lynn
  by putting his hand down to her pussy and finger flicking her clit. Lynn quickly
  chirped and jumped when the pain hit her pussy, but then when she jumped the
  pain was also in her nipples. So no matter what she did she was going to be
  in constant pain.  
The first guy then took his first shot and it hit directly right on he outer
  pussy lips and she screamed and quickly jerked back and dam near pulled off
  her nipples. She was in severe pain and that was only the first guy. The next
  guy got the pool stick and he was more stocky built so when he hit shot that
  directly hit her clit and pussy she screamed out and then passed out from the
  pain.  
Back at the little black girl the men then decided that she needed to be
  cleaned out one guy brought a six back of long neck bottles and opened each
  one up and one guy told another to let her hands free so she could assist keeping
  her ass cheeks spread open. The guy freed her hands, and the guy behind her
  yelled at her to reach behind and spread her ass cheeks apart for her beer
  enema. She slowly reached behind when all of a sudden the battery charger guy
  turned on the charger and gave a quick jolt of electricity to her pussy.  
The black girl then reached back and did exactly as she was told. The guy
  behind her ass then told her that he wants her asshole spread wider. He tells
  the other guys that these bottles were wide necks. She knew she was in pain
  from the pulling of her cheeks, when all of a sudden she felt the cold beer
  filling her asshole. This position she was in she had no chance to refuse anything
  these guys wanted to do to her.  
After they had emptied four beer bottles in her ass, she was then told that
  if a drop was spilled she would be permanently attached to a corner of the
  bar and every man and woman would use her for their pleasures and enjoyment.
  And she would not be pleased ever again.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlebro_969


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





