BDSM Library - Little Red Riding Whore




Little Red Riding Whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her family watches Red as she auditions for a job at Grandma's Whorehouse.Little Red Riding Whore &ndash; Part One  
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to real persons, living
      or dead, is coincidental.   
Fifteen-year-old Joely Baker kneels on the wet asphalt of a dead-end alley
  off the downtown street nicknamed the "Chicken Strip". Her soft red lips are
  wrapped around the swollen cock of Harry, the beat cop. The middle-aged policeman
  looks down at the young girl and sucks in his beer gut so he can see into the
  large blue eyes of this teenaged whore. She looks up at him as if to ask if
  she's doing it correctly. She has her back to the entrance of the alley. Directly
  behind her is a rusty green dumpster which shields her from the curious eyes
  of any passer-by. Harry the cop can see over the top edge of the large container.
  He glares at a meek looking man who is being led into the alley by a slender
  black teenager. The man takes one look at the cop, not realizing that the policeman
  is getting a blowjob, and turns around, leaving the little whore alone. The
  girl, who can't be older than thirteen or fourteen, angrily walks towards the
  fat cop. "Dammit Harry. How'm I supposed to make some money if you're gonna
  scare away all my johns?" Then she notices Joely on her knees with a mouthful
  of Harry's cock. She erupts with laughter. "Oh, sorry," she says. "I didn't
  realize that Red was playin' your flute. Don't forget to swallow the the music,
  girl." The cheeky black tart turns on her heel and saunters back to the Chicken
  Strip. She flips up the back of her miniskirt, flashing her naked ass as she
  leaves.  
The five-block long Chicken Strip is part of Harry the Cop's regular beat.
  Men from all over the state come here to find young cunt. Harry collects a
  fee from the girls or their pimps that he shares with the desk sergeant and
  the precinct captain. Along with money, he helps himself to the odd blowjob.
  For variety, he'll fuck a little slut up against the side of a dumpster. Joely
  is one of his favorites. She's been peddling her pussy for the past two years.
  She's usually here from Wednesday through Saturday, arriving on weekdays around
  10:00 PM, after finishing homework. Her father turned her out on her thirteenth
  birthday. Officer Harry remembers the day very well because Joely's old man
  asked him to keep an eye on her. To encourage the policeman's co-operation,
  he slipped him a fifty and had his daughter drop to her knees and lick his
  cock like it was a big pink ice cream cone &ndash; something she's continued
  to do at least once a week. The policeman looks to his left at a large cracked
  mirror that is propped up against a wall of the alley. He enjoys looking at
  the image of the young girl as she deep throats his dick. This evening she
  is wearing white cotton knee socks and white Nikes, as well as an extremely
  short red plaid miniskirt and a thin white "My Kitty" T-shirt. The shirt has
  been torn in strategic places. One of the teen's crinkly berry-like red nipples
  peaks through a rip in the fabric. No matter what outfit she wears, Joely always
  tops it with a red beret. Hence her street moniker, "Red" &ndash; short for
  Little Red Riding Whore. Harry can feel his balls beginning to tingle as the
  teen expertly swirls her tongue around the head of his cock. He grunts and
  floods her mouth with hot spunk. When he finishes cumming he pulls his prick
  from her mouth. Joely stands up, smiling. She looks up at the large policeman
  and opens her mouth. She is wearing braces on her teeth and some of the creamy
  spunk clings to the silver wires. The cop is pleased to see a large pearly
  dollop of cum resting in the center of her tongue. The girl shuts her mouth
  and appears to swallow. Then, with a glint in her eye, she parts her lips slightly,
  allowing a thin ribbon of cock paste to drool out of the left corner of her
  mouth. It drips off her chin and lands squarely on her exposed nipple.  
"Bulls eye," she says soflty.  
Joely looks young for her age. She is slender with small hard breasts and
  a high firm bum. She is barely five feet tall. Her father discourages her from
  wearing too much makeup so as not to spoil her fresh good looks. This evening
  she has done her blond hair in two long braids.  
She looks at Harry with mock irritation as he slips his deflated cock back
  into his trousers. "You had brussel sprouts for lunch, didn't you," she says
  accusingly.  
Harry is mildly surprised. "Yah," he says. "How can ya tell?"  
"Brussel sprouts and asparagus makes a guy's spunk taste yucky."  
The policeman laughs and asks if there is any food that makes sperm taste
  better.  
"Don't think so," says Joely with a smirk.  
"Well, never mind. You gotta to eat your vegetables one way or the other."  
The cop and the teenaged whore walk together out of the alley. Harry is surprised
  to see Joely's father's large black Cadillac pulled up to the curb.  
"What's your daddy doing here so early?" he asks. "It's only ten-thirty."  
"Daddy's picking me up cause we have an appointment," says the girl. "In
  fact, I only came down here to give you a farewell blowjob."  
Harry the Cop looks down at the girl. "Farewell blowjob?" he repeats. "Are
  you going somewhere?"  
"Yes!" replies the little whore with the kind of excitement that can only
  be manifested by a teenaged girl. "Daddy's arranged an audition for me at 'Grandma's'," she
  says proudly.  
The policeman is impressed. Grandma's is the most expensive bordello in the
  state. Of course a woman called "Grandma" runs it. Last year, the boys in the
  precinct took up a collection so that Harry could take young Carl Johnson,
  a fellow cop who was about to get married, to Grandma's for a night of debauchery
  before his wedding. A few weeks before, Johnson saved his partner from being
  shot during a traffic bust that went wrong, so all his colleagues saw him as
  a hero. Even with the professional discount extended to members of law enforcement,
  the prices at Grandma's were very high. One hour with one of the regular hostesses
  cost $1,200. If you wanted to be entertained by one of the "special" hostesses,
  the price was even higher. The young man who they sent there was marrying a
  woman who was ten years older than himself so the boys thought it fitting that
  he be serviced by a girl who was ten years younger than he was. So his friends
  paid $1,800 for a fourteen year-old hostess. The groom didn't know it, but
  Grandma let Harry watch what was going on from the next room through a two-way
  mirror.  
Harry smiles as he remembers seeing a beautiful raven-haired teenager enter
  the room where his friend sat behind a large wooden desk. The room was one
  of the theme rooms for which the whorehouse was famous. It was set up to look
  like a grade eight classroom. The girl, who was named Tracy, was dressed as
  today's typical glam-slut teenager. She was wearing tight blue jeans and simple
  white tennis shoes. The waistband of her jeans hung low on her hips, exposing
  the bright red waistband of her thong underwear. Her jeans hugged her pert
  ass so tightly that they looked spray-painted on. She wore a short form-fitting
  pink tee shirt with the word "Bone Me" written out in red sequins across her
  chest. Her sharp little nipples poked provocatively into the thin fabric. The
  bottom hem of the shirt stopped only an inch below her tits. She had a gold
  belly-button ring inserted through the flesh of her navel. A fine gold chain
  was attached to that ring. The chain hung down and disappeared into the waistband
  of her thong and jeans. She wore inexpensive silver rings on four fingers of
  each hand. Tracy held several sheets of lined paper. She stood in front of
  Johnson and said mournfully, "Mr Johnson, you gave me an 'F' on my essay. If
  I don't get a higher mark, I'll be thrown off the cheerleader squad. You got
  no idea how many times I had to eat old Ms Choudri's disgusting pussy before
  she agreed to put me on the team. Please, sir, what can I do to raise my grade?"  
Officer Johnson quickly got into the role-playing. "Well, Tracy," he said. "I
  can't remember the specific topic of your essay."  
"You asked me to write a two thousand word composition on the why cocksucking
  should be an Olympic event."  
 "Oh yes, I remember now." Officer Johnson suppressed a smile. "Well your
  argument failed to convince me that sucking dick qualifies as a sport. What
  do you suggest we do to give you a better mark?"  
"Oh Sir!" she pleaded. "I'll do anything you want."  
"You can start by showing me your titties."  
With a smile, Tracy arched her back and pealed off her tee shirt. Her breasts
  were small but shapely. Perfect white mounds of flesh topped with hard pink
  nipples. Johnson, still sitting on the wooden chair, straightened and spread
  his legs. The fourteen year-old tart walked between them until her chest was
  inches from his face. He leaned forward and captured her left nipple between
  his lips. He sucked the fleshy bud into his mouth. Tracy put her hands on his
  shoulders for support and threw her head back in ecstasy. Johnson sucked more
  and more of her breast into his mouth. He began slobbering over her tits while
  he unsnapped her jeans and pulled them over her round hips. She stepped back
  pulling her nipple from his lips with a loud pop.  
Her breasts glistened with Johnson's saliva. "Did that raise my grade?" she
  asked slyly.  
"You went from an 'F' to a 'D'," Johnson responded.  
Tracy gracefully sat on the floor and removed her shoes and socks and then
  kicked off the jeans that had been bunched around her ankles. Looking up at
  him she asked what she can do to get an even better mark.  
"Crawl over here," the young cop ordered.  
Wearing only her satin thong, Tracy crawled on her hands and knees towards
  him. When she got to him he told her to stand up. She did and he hooked his
  fingers in the waistband of her thong. He pulled it over her hips and down
  her legs. She stepped out of it. He admired her pussy, which was completely
  hairless. Peaking out of the puffy lips of her cunt was a well-developed clitoris.
  He could see now that the thin chain attached to her bellybutton ring was fastened
  to a similar ring that had been pushed through the soft flesh of her right
  cunt lip.  
The young man raised Tracy's thong to his face and sniffed the crotch.  
Harry smiled, wondering what the boys back in the precinct would think if
  they saw Officer Johnson smelling the teenaged girl's underwear.  
Tracy took the thong from her "teacher" and dropped it on the floor. She
  the pulled him gently to his feet. She kneeled to remove his shoes and socks.
  She then unbuckled his belt and pulled down his trousers and underpants in
  one motion. She laughed when his erect cock sprang up and almost hit her in
  the nose. She reached down to pick up his white jockey shorts. He blushed when
  she held them up to him. His excited cock had leaked pre-cum, creating a large
  wet spot in the crotch of his briefs. With a wicked smile the girl held the
  shorts to her lips and sucked the wet fabric into her mouth. After a minute
  or two she pulled the cloth from her mouth and dropped the shorts.  
"Do I deserve better than a "D" now, sir," Tracy asked with mock seriousness.  
"Oh, yes," Johnson answered. "You're up to a "C+".  
"If I come home with a "C+" my father will give me a spanking," she said
  despondently. "If I let you give me a spanking, will you raise my mark?"  
"Oh yes," Johnson repeated and quickly sat down. Tracy draped herself across
  his lap, her hot naked pubis pressing against his cock.  
"Just a minute, Sir," said the teenager. "I want to make sure I don't slip
  off." She reached beneath her pelvis and grasped the shaft of Johnson's hard
  cock. He gasped and almost came but her grip was tight enough to prevent him
  from spurting his seed onto the floor.  
"My father usually gives me five whacks on each cheek," she said meekly.  
Johnson looked down, admiring the perfection of the young girl's bum. Each
  cheek was an exquisite pillow of flawless soft flesh. He pressed his open hand
  onto the skin of her right buttock. When he removed it, the white impression
  of his palm and fingers remained on the pink mound for a few seconds before
  it faded away.  
He raised his hand to shoulder height and brought it down on her right butt
  cheek with a resounding slap.  
"Oh, Sir," she whimpered as he spanked her beautiful ass. "I'll make sure
  I try harder the next time I have to write an essay." As she spoke she spread
  her legs, revealing the puckered rosette of her asshole.  
Showing remarkable self-control, Johnson stopped spanking Tracy after he
  had slapped her a tenth time. Her butt cheeks now glowed a bright pink. Still
  holding onto his cock, she slid off his lap and knelt on the floor between
  his legs. Tracy nuzzled the shaft against her cheek. She looked at him with
  large brown eyes and asked if her mark had improved.  
"B," he gasped.  
She smiled and began stroking his cock. She leaned forward and put the tip
  of her pink tongue into his piss hole. The young whore gripped the base of
  his cockshaft tightly and she sat back on her heels. She asked if he'd like
  her to do the "woodpecker". Not knowing what she meant, the adventurous cop
  just nodded his head. Tracy leaned forward again until her face was an inch
  or so above the end of his cock. Using her two fingers of her other hand she
  gently pulled down on the sides of Johnson's cock-head. This opened up his
  piss hole. A clear drop of pre-cum oozed out and rested on the tip of his glans.
  Tracy opened her lips and quickly pecked repeatedly at the sensitive hole with
  the tip of her tongue. Johnson moaned and began to writhe in his seat. Tracy,
  being the consummate professional, stopped just before he lost control. "Some
  people call it the 'woodpecker' after the bird," she said as she squeezed his
  hard cock. "I prefer to call it that because after I do it, a cock feels like
  a wooden pecker."  
After allowing him a minute of so to calm down, she leaned forward and enveloped
  the head of his cock with her warm mouth. She swirled her tongue around and
  around. For the next twenty minutes, Harry watched an expert cocksucker at
  work. Using her tongue and lips and fingers, Tracy brought Johnson to the brink
  of exploding over and over. However, she knew just when to slow down enough
  to let him regain control. She ran her tongue along the shaft of his cock.
  She sucked his balls, gently taking each one into her mouth. On several occasions
  she swallowed the entire length of his dick until her nose was buried in his
  pubic hair. Harry could see the girl's slender neck widen as she swallowed
  her "teacher's cock. As she slowly pulled her head back, she gently scraped
  the top and bottom of his cock shaft with her teeth. For the first fifteen
  minutes, Tracy swallowed his pre-cum. Then she maneuvered his cock so that
  it rested in the space between her tongue and the bottom of her mouth. As she
  swished the underside of her hot pink tongue from side to side over the top
  of his glans, his pre-cum filled her mouth. She leaned back letting his cock
  slip from her lips. She opened her mouth and Johnson watched a flood of his
  cock juice wash over her chin and onto her breasts. Rivulets of it flowed around
  her nipples and trickled down her belly to rest on her pussy lips like dew
  on the petals of a rose. She leaned forward and began sucking his cock again.
  This time she purposely did not swallow his cock slime but let it mix with
  her saliva and leak from her mouth. Each time she drew away from his cock,
  a string of clear sticky slime hung from her lips to the end of his shaft.  
Johnson was experiencing the most acute case of "blue balls" he ever had.
  Pleasure and pain intermingled. His body was bathed in sweat as the fourteen-year-old
  worshiped his cock with her mouth.  
Suddenly Tracy stood up. She straddled his lap and lowered herself until
  the tip of his prick nudged against the hot warm cleft of her pussy. She continued
  to drop onto his lap. Johnson felt his hard shaft pushing open the tight channel
  of her cunt. She had wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock, preventing
  him from spurting into her. She rode his cock that way for five minutes. At
  one point she sat still with the length of his cock in her pussy. She winked
  at him and squeezed the individual muscles in the walls of her cunt. He gasped
  as he felt her cunt muscles squeeze his cock from its base up to its tip. After
  a minute, the talented little whore reversed the process and used her cunt
  muscles to squeeze him from the tip of his cock down to the base. He moaned.
  Before he came, she lifted herself up until his cock popped out of her pussy.  
Still holding him she asked if her mark had improved.  
"A," he panted.  
"Oh goody," she said as she dropped to her knees once more. She took his
  cock into her mouth again and began sucking hard. After only a few seconds
  Johnson shouted. "A plus, dammit, A plus!!" and released a huge flood of sperm
  into his "student's" hungry mouth. For what seemed like a full minute, he sprawled
  back on his chair as his cock continued to spit its hot slime into her. Tracy's
  cheeks bulged but not a drop leaked out of her mouth. Finally, his deflated
  cock slipped from her lips. The teenager sat back on her heels and looked at
  Johnson with ingenuous wide eyes. When he had recovered enough to pay attention
  to her, she smiled and lifted her chin. She opened her mouth slightly and began
  blowing softly. Bubbles of his cock slime quickly formed on her lips. She kept
  blowing steadily and foamy sperm began to slide down her chin. It dripped onto
  her naked chest. To Harry's amazement the sight of the teenager playing with
  his cum made Johnson hard again. Tracy leaned forward until her mouth was over
  his cock. She parted her lips and a rivulet of sperm poured onto his cock and
  down its shaft. Tracy took his greasy cock into her mouth once again. In less
  than a minute her came again, shooting the very last drop of his juice onto
  her willing face.  
As her exhaused "teacher" slumped on his chair, the teenager quickly got
  to her feet. She used her finger to wipe up the sperm on her cheek and then
  put the finger in her mouth, licking off the goo as if it were vanilla icing.
  She gathered up her clothes and gave her "teacher" a chaste girlish kiss on
  the forehead before she left the room.  
Later when Harry drove him home, he joked that it was a good thing that Johnson
  had a week to recover before his wedding.  
"You're right," agreed the worn out young cop. "I feel like I stuck my dick
  in an electric blender. I won't be able to get it up for at least five days.
  Hell, it'll probably be two days before I can walk normally again!"  
That visit to Grandma's happened a year ago, but Harry the cop remembers
  every glorious detail.  
When the fat cop and Joely get to the Cadillac, the little tart jumps onto
  the front seat beside her father. Harry leans into the open window on the driver's
  side. He smiles at Joely's dad and says, "I'm sure going to miss your little
  girl around here but I know that working at Grandma's is an opportunity that
  can't be ignored."  
"I know," replies Mr Barker as he stroked his daughter's thigh. "It's a great
  honor and I know my little girl will make her mother and me very proud. I can
  see why you'll miss the greatest little cocksucker on the Chicken Strip but
  don't forget that Joely has a younger sister. She's only eleven and her mom
  and I are still training her but in a year or so you'll see her strutting her
  stuff down here on the Strip."  
"Can't wait," says Harry as he straightens up.  
With a wave and a smile, Mr Barker slowly pulls the large car away from the
  curb.  
Grandma's is a large mansion located in an isolated estate surrounded by
  woods on the edge of the city. It will take about a half an hour to get there.
  Still fondling Joely's leg, Mr Barker asks if she's excited about the audition.  
"Oh yes, Daddy!" She squirms closer to her father. She shivers as her father's
  hand rides up her thigh until it presses against her pussy.  
"You know, Joely, this is a tremendous opportunity for you." Her father can
  feel his little girl press her left breast against his arm. "If you are accepted
  by Grandma you'll have it made. Grandma lets her girls keep any tips they might
  earn. I know of a couple of girls who worked for her until they were twenty
  and quit with enough money and the right connections so that they never have
  to work again. Are you nervous about the audition?"  
"A little. Did you bring the toys?"  
"Yeah. They're in that basket on the back seat."  
Joely turns her head and sees a large wicker picnic basket resting on the
  soft leather of the rear seat.  
Mr Barker is navigating the car through a run-down section of the city. He
  is heading to a ramp on the freeway. He's steering with his left hand because
  his right is now jammed into the soft, moist crevice of his daughter's pussy.  
He's having difficulty concentrating because Joely has opened his fly and
  grasped his cock with her little hand. Suddenly a large white Hummer roars
  out of a cross street and turns in front of their car. Joely and her dad follow
  close behind when suddenly the SUV stops for a red light and Mr Barker, whose
  mind is on other things, slams into the back of it.  
"Shit!" yells Barker. He looks at his daughter. She is frightened but unhurt.
  The collision was so minor that the air bags in the car didn't deploy. Joely's
  dad gets out of the car and meets the driver of the SUV &ndash; a black man
  in a long leather coat. The man angrily approaches Barker's Cadillac. "What
  the fuck. Can't you see a goddamned white Hummer when it's in front of you?"  
"Sorry," says Barker sheepishly. "I was distracted for a moment." He realizes
  that he knows who this man is. He's the all-pro middle line backer for the
  town's NFL team.  
Joely gets out of the car and walks to her father and the football player. "Hi
  Mr Wilmington", she says brightly.  
The black man breaks into a big toothy smile. "Why Red. Is this here your
  Daddy?"  
"Sure is," she replies and grabs her father's hand. "Daddy, Mr Wilmington
  here is one of my best customers."  
Seeing Joely has improved Wilmington's mood. "It's a pleasure to meet the
  father of the best little street-whore in town." He shakes Barker's hand warmly. "You
  should be proud to know that all the boys on the team and I agree that your
  daughter is prime Grade A white fuckmeat."  
"You're too kind," Barker replies with a father's pride.  
As they inspect the damage, Joely's father apologizes for rear ending the
  man's vehicle. The footballer accepts this with equanimity. The SUV has merely
  got a dented rear bumper and Barker's Caddie has a pushed in grill. They agree
  that the police are not necessary and exchange license and insurance details.
  Mr Barker assures the man that he will cover the costs of repairs.  
The black man gets back into his Navigator. Before he can drive off, Joely
  runs up to the passenger side of the Hummer and jumps in. "I'd like to make
  up for this little accident," she says sweetly as she reaches over and unzips
  his fly.  
Barker returns to his Cadillac and starts the engine. It roars to life. He
  lets the car idle as he waits for his daughter to return. He thinks with a
  smile that his little girl is reminding the football player of the other meaning
  of the word "Hummer". After about ten minutes she jumps out of the large vehicle
  and hops into the Caddie. She looks at her father and says that they'd better
  get going or they'll be late. As he puts the car in gear he tells Joely to
  wipe the black man's sperm off her chin. He tells her to take a mint out of
  the glove compartment. He says she doesn't want her to show up at Grandma's
  with cum on her breath.  
They drive along the street towards the freeway ramp. Mr Barker does not
  notice that a dial on the car's instrument panel is warning that the engine
  is beginning to overheat. After a mile or so on the highway, the dashboard
  lights up like a Christmas tree. Cursing his luck, Joely's dad pulls onto the
  shoulder. He uses the Onstar feature on the car to call for a tow truck. He
  is told that the truck will be there within the hour.  
"Dad, we're gonna be late for sure," says his daughter mournfully.  
"I know, Red. I'll try to get Grandma on the phone to see if it's alright
  if we arrive a little late." He contacts Grandma and learns that she is leaving
  the next morning for a business meeting in Scotland and will be away for two
  weeks. If he cannot bring Joely to her before midnight, she can forget about
  a job in her "house".  
Dejected, he switches off the phone. He turns and tells Joely the bad news.  
"Dammit Daddy!" she shouts. "This is an opportunity of a lifetime. You said
  so yourself, and now you fucked it up! I'll go to Grandma's by myself." She
  turns on her seat and retrieves the wicker basket. Joely then opens the door
  and gets out of the car.  
"Where are you going?"  
"I'm gonna hitch a ride to Grandma's."  
Mr Barker would abandon the car and go with his daughter but decides not
  to. For one thing, he knows that a sexy little teenager will have a better
  chance of hitching a ride if she is by herself. He also didn't want to leave
  the car unattended because he had a big bag of cocaine in the wheel-well of
  the trunk.  
He watches his daughter walking by the side of the freeway, smiling prettily
  with her thumb out. She is still illuminated by the headlights of his car when
  a white van pulls off the road and stops. Written on the side of the truck
  are the words "Wolfe Drilling and Pipe Laying". Joely runs to it and hops in
  beside the driver.  
The man behind the wheel is a large man with long greasy hair pulled back
  in a ponytail. He has a fox-like, sharp-featured face. The most remarkable
  characteristic is his pale blue eyes. Joely feels a frisson of fear as she
  looks into those cold, predatory orbs.  
"Where ya goin on such a late hour, darlin'?" growls the driver.  
"To my Grandma's"  
"Funny thing," the driver continues. "I'm goin to Grandma's too. Where does
  your granny live?"  
Joely gives him the address. "Why if that don't beat all," laughs the man
  behind the wheel. He takes a closer look at his passenger. "You're not Little
  Red Riding Whore, are you?"  
Joely blushes and says yes. She doesn't like her nickname.  
"You know, little girlie," says the driver. "I'm John Wolfe. Grandma's asked
  me to help judge your audition." Gazing at her slim but shapely legs he asks. "Are
  you as good as you look?"  
"I'm better," says the little whore. "I'll bet I can make you cum before
  we get to Grandma's."  
Mr Wolfe has exited the highway and is driving along the curving two-lane
  blacktop that led to Grandma's.  
"Thank you my dear but I'm saving myself for your audition," he says.  
"Why are you driving there in this van?" she asks.  
"The damned Lexus wouldn't start, my wife took the Mercedes and my kid rode
  off in the Boxster," he says. "It's a good thing the kid drove one of the vans
  home from work."  
Joely realizes that she has a golden opportunity to impress the man who will
  be instrumental in determining if she is accepted into one of the most exclusive
  whorehouse in the country. As she tries to think up a way to impress him that
  does not involve sucking his cock, she idly watches him shifting the gears
  of the van as it wends its way over hills and around curves. The stick shift
  rises from the floor between the driver and passenger seats. A knob that looks
  like an eightball tops the shaft. It is made of hard shiny plastic and only
  slightly smaller than a genuine billiard ball.  
Her eyes light up with an idea. "Let me show you a trick my daddy taught
  me when he took me on Sunday drives in the country," she says. "Take your hand
  of the shift lever."  
She puts the basket on her seat and turns to face the rear of the van. She
  is kneeling with one knee on the driver's seat and the other on the recently
  vacated passenger seat. She lifts the hem on the front of her skirt and tucks
  it onto the waistband, exposing her naked pussy. She maneuvers her body so
  that the top of the shift knob is kissed by the lips of her labia. With a smile
  she lowers herself. The opening of her cunt stretches to swallow the eightball.
  Half of it is inide her, when she grins and lowers herself further. The black
  and white knob disappears into her snatch. Mr Wolfe is astonished to see that
  a little girl can take such a large object into her cunt. Joely smiles at him
  and asks what gear he wants her to shift to. They have been driving along in
  fourth but are beginning to climb a hill. "Third," he says. With a sexy bump
  and grind of her hips, Joely downshifts.  
For the next five minutes the little whore uses her pussy to shift gears
  of the van's transmission. Her breath becomes shallow as the knob in her pussy
  begins to turn her on. Cunt slime begins to drip from her snatch and flow along
  the stick shift.  
"Oww!" Joely shouts as the man laughs. He told her to shift into fourth but
  purposely didn't depress the clutch pedal. "Dammit. I'm gonna have a bruise
  in my cunt," she says.  
They get to Grandma's. Wolfe pulls into a small parking area and, with Joely's
  help, backs into a parking space. As he turns off the engine, the fifteen-year-old
  whore raises herself so that the shift knob pops out of her pussy. It's wet
  with her pussy juice.  
As Little Red Riding Whore and Mr Wolfe get out of the van and head for Grandma's,
  the man thinks that this is going to be a night to remember.  
------------ End of Part One  
Little Red Riding Whore &ndash; Part Two  
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to real persons living
      or dead is coincidental.   
It's been a week since John Barker's daughter, Jolene (known on the Chicken
  Strip as Little Red Riding Whore), auditioned for a position (mostly on her
  knees or her back) at Grandma's, the most exclusive cathouse in the Mid-west.
  It's nine o'clock in the evening and Barker is reclining on leather Lazeeboy
  in the rec room of his home. With him are his wife, Alice, and their youngest
  daughter, Anne. The thirteen-year-old kneels on the floor and slips a DVD into
  the player that is connected to the fifty-inch high-definition television.
  John holds the remote control in his left hand and his cock in his right. He
  is admiring the sight of his naked daughter's perfect pink ass. She wears only
  stainless steel cuffs on her wrists and ankles. Like her sister, Anne has perfect
  skin. However, her hair is as black as her father's heart while her older sister
  is a blonde. Anne wears her hair in a French braid. Mr Barker is very pleased
  with his youngest daughter's physical development. In the past year, her hips
  have begun to swell slightly and her cherry-tipped breasts have begun to form.
  If she were permitted to wear a bra, which she is not, it would be a 32B.  
Annie doesn't know it yet, but when she turns fourteen her mother and father
  intend to send her to the infamous Sex-Slave Academy run by the Thanatos Society.
  After she graduates from the school &ndash; if she survives the school &ndash; they
  intend to sell her to a member of the Society. "Sell off the bugger and fuck
  for another," was how her father crudely put it one night while discussing
  his plan with his wife.  
Unaware of this, the beautiful girl rises from the DVD player and kneels
  on the floor beside her mother, who is seated on the sofa.  
Before turning on the DVD player, Mr Barker says contemplatively. "As Jolene
  has grown up, she has done many things to make me proud. Her first faltering
  step, the first time she made the Honor Roll at school, the first time she
  was able to deep throat me -- I believe it was a week or so after her ninth
  birthday. Alice, do you remember how proud she was when she came home from
  school and showed us the ten dollar bill her principal had given her for sucking
  his cock?"  
"I certainly do, dear," says Mr Barker. "She put it in a piggy bank and told
  me that she was going to save up for her very own dildo. Why after only two
  weeks she had enough money for ten dildoes."  
Her husband smiles and continues. "You know, nothing has given me greater
  pride than learning that our little girl has been accepted by Grandma to work
  in her whorehouse."  
"Yes, Dear," says Alice. "It's wonderful. When Grandma phoned to tell me
  that Jolene made it she said that she had never seen a fifteen-year-old suck
  cock with such skill and enthusiasm since Traci Lords starred in porn movies
  at the same age. She told me that as soon as she interviewed Jolene she knew
  she was special. So special that she postponed her trip to Thanatos Manor in
  Scotland."  
John Barker grins proudly. "I don't think she's ever done that before."  
"It was very thoughtful of Grandma to send us a DVD of the audition," says
  Alice. "Especially since you never managed to get to Grandma's after the car
  broke down."  
Barker frowns momentarily at the memory of his Cadillac getting rear-ended
  by a drunk driving a gasoline truck. Luckily, he had been standing outside
  the car, talking to the man from the AAA who had come to start his stalled
  vehicle when the whole thing went up in flames. The explosion killed the drunk
  and blew Baker and the other man fifty feet into a field along the side of
  the road. After Baker was taken to the hospital, the doctors insisted on keeping
  him under observation for a few days. He just arrived home today at the same
  time a courier from Grandma's delivered the DVD. With it was a note from the
  woman that said, "John, I heard about your accident and am so sorry you could
  not be present for Jolene's &ndash; or if you prefer, Red's &ndash; audition.
  I hope this record will make up for what you missed. I know you will treasure
  it in years to come and watch it many times. Red's going to start working here
  immediately. Hope you feel well enough to join us this Saturday night. Red
  is going to participate in the annual Bukakke BBQ and you know when it comes
  to bukkake, the more the merrier."  
Barker smiles and looking at his daughter, says, "Annie, why don't you come
  and join me here and we can watch this together." The young girl stands up
  and climbs up on her Dad. She reclines on his front. She is a petite girl and
  the top of her head barely reaches her father's chin. Her back rests on her
  father's chest and soft bum presses into his abdomen. She extends her shapely
  legs along the tops of his. Her feet stop halfway down his shins. Her father's
  erect cock thrusts up between her legs so that its shaft is only millimeters
  from her naked pussy. Anne reaches down and grabs the shaft of her father's
  cock in her small hand. She laughs and says, "Look Mom, I've got a hard-on
  just like daddy's."  
Her parents share her little joke and Annie continues, "Mom, watch me do
  something to 'my' cock that daddy can't do to his." With a smile, the young
  girl sits up and bends forward until her pouty lips hover just above her dad's
  erection. She sticks out her tongue and begins licking the tip. Before she
  has a chance to suck her father's large gleaming cock-knob into her warm mouth,
  Mr Barker grabs the back of her steel collar and pulls her back onto his chest.  
"Stop that," he says to the giggling girl. "I want to watch the DVD, so don't
  distract me."  
Once his daughter is settled, Baker starts the player. He puts the remote
  on a table beside his chair and places both hands over his daughter's chest.
  He can feel the hard nubs of her budding nipples under his palms.. The first
  image on the television is a full-screen picture of Jolene's face. Her large
  blue eyes shine with excitement. She looks tired but very happy. Her skin glistens
  wetly.  
"Daddy! Mommy!" she says proudly. "I made it! Grandma's giving me a job!"  
As she speaks a yellow-white drop of sperm drips off the tip of her small
  upturned nose. She smiles even wider to reveal tiny strings of sperm hanging
  from her braces.  
The camera moves back until Red's entire body fills the screen. The fifteen-
  year-old is wearing only sheer, white stockings held up by a lacy garter belt
  of scarlet satin.  
"Look, Daddy," laughs Anne. "Red's is covered in cock snot."  
"Oh my," says her mother. "Jolene's titties look like glazed, cherry tipped
  sweet buns."  
Indeed, layers of cum cover Jolene's unblemished skin. Even her blonde hair
  had been darkened by gobs of pearly slime. Her stockings are soaked. Cock juice
  drips from the tip of each breast. A large black man comes up behind her and
  wraps her in his arms. The ticklish girl convulses with laughter as he smears
  the semen over her breasts and belly like it was finger-paint. His right hand
  slides down her belly to her pussy. Red gasps when he slips two fingers deep
  into her cunt.  
The picture dissolves and the blackened screen is filled with the words "Little
  Red Riding Whore's Job Interview". The next image is of the Grandma seated
  at an immense rosewood desk. Mr Wolfe is sitting in a chair beside the desk
  and Red is standing in front of them. She is completely naked. Her clothes
  lie in a pile beside her. Resting on the clothes is the wicker basket.  
Addressing Mr Wolfe, Grandma says. "She's a pretty little one, isn't she?"  
"Indeed she is," says Wolfe. "Kind of reminds me of young Britney before
  the boob job."  
"Yes," says the old woman. "The same veneer of innocence barely concealing
  a genuinely sluttish nature. Tell me my dear. Why do you want to work at Grandma's?"  
Nervously Jolene answers that her Daddy taught her that she was put on earth
  to satisfy men's lustful desires and that Grandma's was the best place to do
  that. With a sly smile she adds that at Grandma's she'll make enough money
  that she can retire at twenty and never have to work again.  
"You're a wee slip of a girl," says Grandma. "Will you be able to handle
  all the cocks that will be thrown into you every day?"  
Red smiles and reaches into her basket. She takes out two dildoes. Each one
  is eight inches long and an inch and a half in diameter. She spreads her legs
  and pulls open the lips of her pussy with her right hand. With her left, she
  pushes one dildo deep into her pussy until six inches of hard black plastic
  are imbedded in her cunt. She removes her hands and the artificial cock remains
  in place. She tilts her head back and places the tip of the second cock in
  her mouth. She pushes it down her throat. The camera captures her throat swelling
  as the dildo travels down it. She removes her hand after only an inch of plastic
  cock remains outside her mouth.  
"Very impressive, my dear," says Grandma. "You may remove the dildoes now."  
As the teen pulls the phalluses from her mouth and cunt Mr Wolfe remarks
  that little Red is quite a sword swallower.  
"Yes," says Grandma. "But I wonder of her cunt has been stretched too much.
  Tell me dear, how old were you when you lost your cherry?"  
"Ten," replies Red.  
"Did your Daddy pop it?"  
"No. My grandfather did. We went over to his place to celebrate his seventy-fifth
  birthday and I was his present."  
"So you've been fucking grand dad regularly since then?"  
"I was, but he died a year later. After that, Daddy and some of his friends
  fucked me. He has Sunday night poker games and I would distract the other players
  by crawling under the table and sucking their cocks. At the end of the evening
  whoever the biggest loser was got to fuck me. I was the consolation prize and
  many times the men would play badly on purpose just for the chance to throw
  it into me."  
Grandma takes a sip from the straw that is resting in a tall glass of iced
  soda water. She asks Red when she started working the Chicken Strip.  
"Two years ago," Red replies.  
On average, how many men did you fuck in a week?"  
Red ponders. "Let's see. I only work four nights a week. Probably have eight
  or ten men a night. Mostly, they wanted blowjobs. Maybe three or four want
  to fuck me. So, that's four times four, sixteen a week times around forty weeks
  would be six hundred and forty a year for two years&hellip;. I guess I've been
  fucked more than twelve hundred times the past two years. Add the number of
  times I fucked my dad and his friends and it probably rounds out to fifteen
  hundred. Yes, you could say I've been fucked fifteen hundred times in the past
  two years."  
Mr Wolfe says, "Grandma, with that many cocks in her it's no wonder she can
  accommodate that dildo. Her cunt must be as wide as a subway tunnel."  
Red smiles and, without a word, leans over and removes the drinking straw
  from the glass on the desk in front of Wolfe. She slides it into her pussy.
  Still smiling, she squeezes her cunt muscles and then relaxes. She then removes
  the straw and places it across the top of Wolfe's glass. The once cylindrical
  straw is now flat.  
Mr Wolfe laughs and says, "I suppose now you'll tie a knot in a cherry stem
  with your tongue."  
Red smiles. "I can if you want me to. Or would you rather I tie a knot in
  your pecker with my tongue?"  
Both Wolfe and the old lady laugh at the young slut's brazen remark.  
"What a delightful young slut your are," says Grandma. "Now that you've told
  us about your experiences fucking and sucking, tell us more about yourself.
  Have you ever taken it up the ass, my dear?"  
"Oh yes," Red replies. "My dad likes to bum fuck me once and a while and
  so does Father Mulcahey."  
"Who's he?" Wolfe asks.  
"He's our parish priest and a friend of the family. Dad found out about his
  attraction to altar boys. If the rest of the congregation found out, the Church
  would have to move him and pay off a lot of families to keep quiet. Daddy likes
  him so offered me instead of the boys. On most Sundays, we go to church. After
  the service, I go to the room where the priest gets dressed for Mass. Father
  Mulcahey keeps some clothes there for me. I dress like a boy with my hair pinned
  up under a cap. I usually wear jeans and a clean Catholic Boys' Club sweatshirt
  with my titties bound tightly with an ace bandage so they don't show. I then
  go to the bathroom and remove any make-up I might be wearing. Next, I grab
  a baseball glove and knock on the Father's office door. He tells me to come
  in and I do. I lower my voice and ask him if I might look for my baseball that
  I think I left there last time I visited. Mulcahey is sitting at his desk,
  reading the Bible. He goes along with the fantasy and says I can come in and
  look. My jeans are a size too small and very worn. In fact, there's a one-inch
  hole in the seat of the pants just where the top of my leg reaches the bottom
  of my butt. Father M says he thinks the ball might be under his desk. He rolls
  his chair back and I get down on my hands and knees in front of him and stick
  my head under the in the footwell of the desk. I'm still pretending to look
  for my ball. My ass is right in his face. That's his cue to say that if I can't
  find my baseball, he's got a couple I can borrow. He grabs the back of my jeans
  and pulls me up so I'm leaning over his desk. For some reason, he likes it
  when I'm pushed across the open bible. He pulls down my jeans and shorts. I
  pretend to be surprised and ask him what he's doing. He doesn't reply because
  he's too busy slobbering over my butt cheeks and pulling them apart so he can
  play with my ass-hole. I squirm and struggle until he pins me to the desk by
  shoving his cock up my ass. I pretend to cry and tell him I'm gonna tell my
  daddy what he's doing. That's when he usually says "The holy man's above you,
  the holy book's below you, the holy pole is in your hole so wiggle your ass
  to save your soul."  
Mr Wolfe guffaws and Red looks at him and says that it's funny the first
  time you hear it but he says it every time he buggers her. "It gets a bit tired
  after you've heard it for the thirtieth time. Anyhow, he usually comes in my
  ass while he recites it. He then has me squat over his face while he lies flat
  on his back on the floor. He sucks his cum out of his mouth and spits it into
  a teacup on his desk. He once told me while I was getting dressed to leave
  that he mixes the cum he's sucked out of my butt into the batter of the peanut
  butter cookies he prepares as treats for the Sunday school class. He's a sick
  fuck but a nice guy."  
Grandma laughs. "You should be congratulated for saving so many young boys
  from the clutches of the good Father."  
"Thank you, Ma'am," Red replies with quiet pride.  
Grandma stops smiling and becomes more serious. "Red, the girls who work
  at Grandma's are the best whores in the state, possibly in the country. They
  are better at their jobs if they get some pleasure of their own while servicing
  our guests. Tell me Red, do you ever cum with your clients or dad and his friends?"  
"Oh yes," the teen replies. "At least, sometimes. Especially when someone
  eats me out."  
"Good," says the older woman. "But I don't imagine many of your clients offer
  to do that."  
"No. But sometimes my father will eat my pussy and my sister, Annie, and
  I eat each other whenever we can. My dad says that you often have sex show
  here. I'd be happy to take part on any girl-on-girl action."  
Grandma smiles. "Speaking of girl-on-girl, why don't you lie down on that
  bench over there." She points to a padded leather bench that has been set against
  a wall. It is six feet long but only two feet in width. Six heavy wooden legs
  support it. As the teenaged whore lies on her back, Grandma stands up. Both
  she and Mr Wolfe stand go over to the bench. The older woman says. "You know
  Mr Wolfe, I think it's time to play out the final scene of the story of Little
  Red Riding Hood. Now if memory serves, in the original story the wolf eats
  grandma and then tries to eat Red Riding Hood. In this version I'd like you,
  Mr Wolfe, to eat little Red here while she eats Grandma. Let's see if we can
  all cum together."  
The old woman tells Red to move down until her ass is at the edge of the
  bench. The fifteen year-old obeys. She is lying on the bench with her ass half
  off the end. She has bent her legs so that her feet rest on the floor. The
  two adults have removed their clothing. Red keeps a smile pasted on her face
  as she looks at Grandma. The woman looks older naked than she does clothed.
  Her tailored outfit concealed the fact that the woman is rather plump. Her
  large pendulous breasts hand down her chest. Her pussy is covered in gray pubic
  hair.  
"Now, dear," says the old woman. "Mr Wolfe is going to kneel between your
  legs and eat your cunt. While he's doing that, I'm going to sit on your face.
  If you can use your tongue to make me cum and your pretty little feet to make
  Mr Wolfe cum, while getting off yourself, you'll prove to me that you are a
  whore worthy of this establishment. Shall we begin?"  
Red lies still while Mr Wolfe kneels between her legs. He leans forward until
  she can feel his hot breath on her pussy lips. He runs his tongue along the
  ridge of her left cunt lip but stops before his gets to her clitty. He then
  gently licks her right cunt petal. Red shudders with pleasure. She moves her
  legs until her toes are under Wolfe's torso. While he licks her pussy lips,
  she raises her feet until her toes brush against his cock and balls. It's his
  turn to gasp as she traps his cock shaft between the soles of her feet.  
Meanwhile, Grandma straddles Red. She is facing Mr Wolfe. As the older woman
  begins to squat, the teen has a chance to study the old woman's cunt as it
  gets closer to her face. Nestled in a nest of pubic hair are the dark red lips
  of the old woman's pussy. Mr Wolfe has captured the nubbin of Red's clitoris
  between his teeth and is now sucking gently on it, sending waves of pleasure
  through the girl's pelvis. Everything goes dark as the old woman presses her
  crotch against Red's face. Her leathery slit covers the girl's mouth and nose.
  The teen tries to draw a breath and inhales the full salty odor of old-woman
  cunt. She wastes no time plunging her tongue deep into Grandma's sour pussy.
  Despite her struggle to breathe, Jolene can feel an orgasm building in her
  pussy as Mr Wolfe sucks and slobbers over her girl-flesh. Ever the professional,
  Red continues to roll Wolfe's heavy cock between the soles of her feet. Her
  thighs ache with the effort, but getting a job at Grandma's is worth the pain.
  Meanwhile Grandma has placed all her weight on Red's mouth and nose. The girl
  mimics Mr Wolfe and grinds her lips and tongue into the old woman's pussy.
  Grandma is leaning forward, bracing herself on the corners of the bench. See
  is in a perfect position to watch Mr Wolfe eating out Red's pussy-meat. His
  cheeks glisten with the girl's cunt juice, just as Red's feet shine with the
  man's pre-cum. The teenager's cheeks and chin are wet with the juice that drips
  from Grandma's cunny. All three are sweating freely. They are panting and moaning
  as tongues and feet stimulate sensitive flesh. Mr Wolfe is astonished at the
  skill Red displays with her feet as they gently tug and twist his dripping
  cock. He realizes that this fifteen year-old slut is more skilled with her
  feet than most women are with their hands. This orgy of cock rolling and pussy
  sucking goes on for five minutes. The participants' moan and grunt more loudly
  as their bodies rush to climax, although both Red's and Mr Wolfe's cries are
  muffled by pussy. Suddenly Grandma groans and releases a load of pussy juice
  into Red's mouth. The girl manages to swallow the briny slime just before she
  releases her own, sweeter, cunt nectar into the hungry mouth of Mr Wolfe. Despite
  her orgasm, Red continues to massage Wolfe's cock with her feet. She can feel
  the engorged rod getting hotter and harder until it jerks and releases large
  dollops of sperm onto the floor.  
Inspired by what she sees on the television screen, Red's sister, Annie,
  flips forward on her father and straddles his head. She braces herself with
  her hands on the arms of the chair. Her hairless pussy is inches from his face.
  Before he can complain about her blocking his view of the screen, the young
  girl draws his cock into her mouth and pushes her cunt towards his face. Barker
  looks over at his wife and sees that she has hiked her dress up around her
  waist and has three of her fingers pushed deep into her cunt. He adjusts the
  back of his chair into a more upright position so that he can see the TV screen
  through the crack of his daughter's ass. It's no use, he cannot concentrate
  on watching his older daughter's bout of cunnilingus while his younger daughter
  is swishing her tongue back and forth along the bottom of his cock shaft. He
  clicks off the DVD player and concentrates on eating Annie's pussy. He thinks
  her pussy juice tastes like honey. Alice Barker watches her youngest daughter
  blowing her dad. She rubs her clitty and is proud of how the young girl can
  take the entire length of her father's cock onto her mouth and down her throat.
  The naked girl then lifts her head and the large cock pops out of her mouth.
  Glistening strings of clear, sticky cock juice hang suspended between her lips
  and the tip of her daddy's cock. She opens her lips and a mouthful of pre-cum
  and saliva course over her father's meat pole. He moans and Annie rubs her
  crotch against Barker's lips and nose. The little bitch is in heat. She sucks
  the head of her dad's cock into her mouth and gently closes her teeth on the
  shaft. She moves her lower jaw from side to side, twisting the cock gently.
  Barker grunts and empties his balls into her mouth. The taste of his sperm
  triggers her own orgasm and more of her sweet pussy juice squirts into her
  dad's mouth. Meanwhile, Mrs Barker brings herself to a climax while watching
  her daughter and husband sixty-nine each other.  
The perverse trio lies exhausted in a post-orgasmic stupor. Mr Barker stirs
  first. He lifts his daughter off his face and gently places her on her feet
  beside his chair. "Well, that was fun," he says. He looks at his watch and
  says to his daughter. "It's getting late, Annie, and tomorrow's a school day.
  Kiss your mother goodnight and get ready for bed."  
Annie is beaming at her dad. She says nothing but obediently goes over to
  her mother. Annie kneels on the couch beside Mrs Barker. Since Alice is still
  slouching, Annie's head is higher than her mom's is. Still smiling, the girl
  takes her mother's face in her hands. She bends forward and places her lips
  over her mother's. Annie insinuates her tongue between her mom's lips and releases
  her father's load of sperm into the older woman's mouth. Alice Barker coughs
  and splutters. Annie jumps off the couch and laughs. Her lips are white with
  her father's cum. Her daddy's man goo is also dripping from her mother's chin.  
"Dammit, Annie," says her mother in mock anger as she uses her finger to
  push her husband's cock grease into her mouth.. "I wish you wouldn't do that.  
Annie giggles and runs up to her room. Her father looks at his wife and says
  that Annie is getting to be such a skilled little cocksucker that he's beginning
  to have second thoughts about selling her to the Thanatos Society.  
"You may be right," Alice says. "Perhaps she can follow her sister into Grandma's
  when she's a bit older."  
------------------------ End of Part 2  
If you wish to contact the author about this or any other of his stories,
  you may by e-mail at erberus713@hotmail.com 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





