BDSM Library - Tease Island!




Tease Island!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Island where rich men are teased and kept in chastityTease Island  
The Early Season  
&quot;The new boat comes today&quot; M. Fulbright Penopskott commented to
  Dawn as he squirmed on the bed. Dawn nodded, and continued her trail of flicks
  against M.Fulbright's suffering shaft. Dawn leaned closer, staring intently
  under her platinum blonde bangs, as her pink nails painted to match her tube
  top poked and stroked M. Fulbright's purplish shaft. &quot;You betcha, M.,
  and you're making some nice change from it, huh?&quot;  
   
  Dawn looked right into M's eyes and licked her full lips slowly, and
  reached over to her tube top and flashed him a nipple. Then she grasped his
  shaft in a pulling motion and gave it an up and down stroking, harder and harder,
  quite a contrast from the light scrapes and scratches that she'd been torturing
  his penis with all afternoon. Dawn pumped and pumped harder and harder, and
  M. Fulbright began breathing through his nose, and he pushed his dick against
  her soft hand in the hope of possibly getting to cum. It had been 134 days
  since his last humiliating orgasm, when he'd been forced to jerk off and lick
  it up at an Island awards ceremony, and he really wanted to cum badly!  
  M. Fulbright's Trials  
Dawn pumped a little faster, and M. Fulbright bit his tongue and hoped for
  the best, rubbing his dick against her palms, slick with lubricant. He'd had
  such a time of it--some would say you have to be careful of what you ask for
  when you are the director of an island devoted only to teasing and denial.
  M. had had way lots of teasing, and very little release!  
   
  The average client, call him X, would come to Tease Island,having paid
  the exorbitant prices, and receive a bungalow and a chastity belt. X would
  have two or three scheduled teasing sessions from different therapists on his &quot;team&quot; who
  would visit him at the bungalow, cuffing him and removing the chastity device,
  for long, excruciating handjobs and footjobs by his scantily clad &quot;counselors&quot;.
  But except for the four two hour teasing sessions the client got during the
  day, he was free to enjoy the other vacation aspects of the island--windsurfing,
  sailing and that sort of thing. Clients generally wore Hawaiian shirts, shorts
  and flip- flops,and could interact with other therapists on the island on an
  equal basis-flirting at the juice bar, joking at the beach...  
   
  But if the client ran into one of his &quot;team&quot; therapists, she
  was entitled to order him to strip, be it at the beach, juice bar or formal
  dining room, and have his hands cuffed. (all therapists wore the cuffs on the
  belt buckles of their skin-tight short-shorts. Then the therapist or counselor
  would unlock the client's chastity belt and remove it, and often tickle and
  poke the client's penis as he stood humiliated and aroused while other clients
  and therapists socializing in the area jeered and giggled at the poor bastard's
  predicament.  
   
  After ten or fifteen minutes or so, the therapist would ask a bartender
  for some ice, and ice the poor man's bloated dick down to the point that he
  could be locked back into the chastity device--to stay frustrated until the
  day he left the island,when he'd be allowed to jerk off in front of his entire
  team and his neighbors in other bungalows. Most clients could afford to stay
  at the Island for one or two weeks if they were very lucky-- at ten thousand
  dollars a day, it was rare that one would stay for a month!. So the stresses
  of teasing and chastity were not really all that bad.  
   
  After all, you could learn where your therapist hung out, and avoid
  it, if you wanted your dick to have a little relief, and you didn't want humiliation.
  All you had to do was avoid the four girls on your &quot;team&quot;...not so
  for the founder!  
   
  But for M. Fulbright, who owned it all, and had lived at the Island
  forever, it was a lot tougher. Not only was Dawn allowed to remove M. Fulbright's
  chastity belt, but every girl on the Island, from 48 year old Molly, who had
  been a teasetrix for twenty-six years, to 19 year old Fawn, who had only been
  an Island girl for about forty-five days, had a Master key to M. Fulbright's
  chastity belt. And all were entitled to unlock and tease him at any time! M.
  Fulbright moved around, trying to create even more friction between his tumescent
  member, and Dawn's soft elegant hands. It was so hard for him sometimes, being
  the head guy, as here at Tease Island, that actually meant being on the bottom
  of the totem pole. For 134 days this time, and of course for the last quarter
  century, M. Fulbright had had to suffer the indignities of being the one who
  was allowed to be manipulated and punished by everyone.  
Just that morning, Shari, his chauffer had picked M. up to take him on the
  inspection rounds. &quot;Sit up front with me, M. Fulbright&quot; Shari thought
  it was comical to wear her chauffer's hat perched atop her long, dark mane...the
  car was a Jeep with no hood, and generally Shari wore a low cut bikini. Immediately
  as M. Fulbright had sat down, Shari had cuffed his hands behind his back, making
  him sit on them, and had pulled M's shorts down, unlocking his chastity belt
  and stroking his cock as a second gear shift as they'd driven about to inspect
  various points on the island. People had waved and shouted as they'd watched
  the beautiful, tanned girl&nbsp; rubbing the chunky businessman's penis as
  the jeep drove by them.  
&nbsp;When Shari had stopped at the Fishnet, a saloon on the south side of
  the island with a neon leg, Kirsten, the Fishnet's manager had come out, and
  waved Shari from unlocking the cuffs and putting on the belt. &quot;No biggie,
  babe, I'll just lead him in. Kirsten had guided the blushing M. Fulbright through
  the bar, surprisingly crowded for ten in the morning, and up to the manager's
  office, where he'd gone through the books as she'd pointed her pen at different
  ledger entries...he'd done some addition and subtraction, and when he made
  a mistake, she'd paddled him! This was a hell of a note for the billionaire
  island owner to have to suffer from his $30,000 yearly employee... After M.
  Fulbright had spent some time sobbing in the corner (those wooden paddles are
  NASTY) Shari had guided him back out to the Jeep, and he'd had to endure lots
  of snickers and catcalls about his now bright red welted bottom.  
Then Shari had continued to stroke M. Fulbright, as he twisted and turned
  trying to keep his bottom from having full contact with the seat, until they
  arrived at the gym, where M. was teased and milked by two or three gym girls,
  and then forced to run on the treadmill with little 21 year old Barbi (Her
  name was Gertrude but she looked like Barbi Benton) swatting his ass further
  as he slowed down in his jog. After this M. Fulbright had been teased on the
  X frame of the Tease Island Dungeon, and then had undergone several teases
  from girls who were &quot;auditioning&quot; to be therapists, before arriving
  to see Dawn, who had been his Head Tease Counselor for well over a decade.  
 M. Fulbright and Dawn had been together for a long time, he knew he had
  to have the Amazonian Rockette the first time he'd seen her at Radio City Music
  Hall. Six feet one inch to M's five five, Dawn could still make him drool by
  tossing her long blonde hair and breathing deeply, making her 40DD chest bounce
  in the flimsy tubes and halters she always wore. Dawn also brought in a great
  deal of money and repeat clients, as she was not only M's therapist, but treated
  a number of other visiting slaveboys to the island. Dawn was responsible for
  training new girls, teaching them the best ways to make men beg and&nbsp;demonstrating
  interesting lubricants, feathers and other materials on practice penises, one
  of which was often M. Fulbright's.  
Dawn alone dictated when M. Fulbright was allowed to cum. The clients were
  teased and denied mercilessly during their visits, and then were allowed to
  masturbate to orgasm upon leaving, but with M. Fulbright, of course this was
  an impossibility, as he never left the island, except occasionally to recruit
  new therapists...Thus, Dawn and Dawn alone decided when M was allowed to cum,
  and it wasn't that often. Often M. Fulbright would plead, beg and cajole the
  other girls who teased him &quot;Oh, won't you please let me squirt, Diana?
  Dawn will never know.&quot; But of course Dawn could tell the difference between
  a limp dick and one that was fully elonogated and bloated with months of backed
  up seed.  
On the few occasions that a girl had taken pity on M. Fulbright, he'd squealed
  with relief, and then as soon as his composure returned, he'd told her how
  ashamed he was of her for giving in to M's entreaties, and then he would summon
  Dawn, and the young lady would be on the first plane out of Tease Island. It
  didn't take long for the girls to understand that to be a good therapist, one
  had to a. give the client the idea that he might get release at any moment&nbsp; and
  b. heartlessly deny him until his day of departure, or in the case of the Tease
  Island owner, until Ms. Dawn permitted!  
Today, it looked as if Dawn might be giving in, She was still rubbing and
  pulling M's dick back and forth, and seductively moving her legs about in the
  snug white miniskirt. &quot;So you're all excited about the new clients, M.
  Fulbright, huh?&quot; Dawn let her tongue tremble across her glossed lower
  lip as her pinkie stroked M's frenum, the sensitive spot just below his cockhead.M.Fulbright's
  hands and feet were&nbsp;secured to&nbsp;the bedposts, or he surely would have
  escaped, masturbating madly as he vaulted the window...but Dawn had been a
  Girl Scout, and she knew her knots. As Dawn continued maddeningly masturbating
  M's glans, she spoke softly.  
&nbsp;&quot;And I hear Pamela is coming back--to visit?&quot; M closed his
  eyes and willed himself to orgasm, though he knew that Dawn's experienced fingers
  would instantly feel the semen rising to the tip. Suddenly he felt a sharp
  flick--Dawn's nail had scraped his glans, making him focus. &quot;Yes, Dawn?&quot; Oooh
  that hurts so much after all the teasing...his penis head was bloated enough
  without being stung like that! &quot;Pay attention, dear.&quot; Dawn smiled. &quot;I
  understand Pamela, my old friend is coming back for a visit?&quot; Dawn resumed
  rubbing the glans softly. &quot;Y-yes,and to do some work. Her husband is going
  to some sort of dental convention, and so Pamela thought it would be a good
  time to make some extra cash.&quot;  
Dawn pumped M.'s dick faster and faster, and M attempted to elevate his hips.
  Dawn looked terribly bored...bored and regal! She thought about Pamela, who
  had been a tease/denial therapist at the island for six years before accepting
  a marriage proposal from a rich dentist in Scarsdale, New York. It wasn't the
  money Pamela was after, Dawn thought...it must be the excitement. How much
  fun is it to tease and deny the same guy again and again? Dawn was bored enough
  with Dweeb-o here, though he paid her $100,000 a year to take care of him.
  Dawn sensed the rumbling in M.'s penis, sensed it rather than felt it. &quot;You're
  getting ready, baby...are you ready to cum?&quot; M.Fulbright moaned &quot;Yes
  ma'am...&quot; &quot;You sure?&quot; Dawn flashed her panties at M. Fulbright
  and pumped even harder...and then pulled her hand away and doused his crotch
  with a pitcher of ice water and left the room. As M. Fulbright sobbed, Dawn
  lit a cigarette and chuckled. He would lie in his wet bed, tied for several
  hours...meanwhile she could go to the plane and see Pamela!  
The Arrival of Jack Wilson  
Jack Wilson climbed off the airplane wearily,but with a sense of excitement.
  He smiled at the redhead who had been sitting in front of him as she passed
  on the runway. Did she work here? Certainly they had no female clients here
  at the Island, he thought. &quot;Jack?&quot; A girl with curly blonde hair
  came up to him, smiling. &quot;Are you Jack Wilson?&quot; Jack nodded, checking
  her out. Jesus. Blonde hair, crop-top, and those boobs! The curly blonde walked
  right up to him on stiletto heels, and kissed his neck bold as brass, giving
  Jack a big hug. His penis contorted against her little crotch,but just as he
  was getting into it, she pushed him back, grinning.  
&quot;I'm Cindy,your Head Tease Therapist, unless, of course you want someone
  else later on.&quot; Jack shook his head &quot;No, I'm sure that won't happen.&quot; He
  grinned at Cindy, who linked her arm in his, and guided him to her Jeep.  
The ride was fairly routine, Cindy asking Jack about his flight, and learning
  that Jack had only been able to afford this marvelous fortnight at the Island
  because his Internet company had gone public. &quot;This has been a dream of
  mine for a long time&quot; Jack admitted, and Cindy smiled knowingly. &quot;It's
  tough, isn't it? You get a girlfriend to tease you and her hand hurts after
  a while, right? You want her to supervise you while you clean the bathroom
  naked, and she tries to blow you, like you're&nbsp;a real man, and you're not
  ready for that...&quot; Jack was astounded. How did she know?  
&quot;It doesn't make sense, does it?&quot; Cindy asked him.&quot;You'd think
  any girl in her right mind would love to have a lavishly attentive slave-boy
  to look after her house and perform between her legs for hours, and not have
  to give any rewards in return--I mean, blowing a weenie type guy isn't much
  fun...&quot; Jack blushed and Cindy giggled. &quot;But girls keep mistaking
  what they want,and trying to turn perfectly sweet submissives into he-men,
  and it's so counter-productive, right honey?&quot; Jack blushed again and grinned. &quot;It'd
  make much more sense to diaper and tease a boy like you, get him to clean up
  my place before a real guy comes over...and then tease you some more!&quot;  
Cindy kept putting her left hand on Jack's leg, near his crotch as she drove,
  rubbing it up and down and patting for emphasis. In the brochure that Jack
  had read when he'd signed up for Tease Island, he'd been urged to stay sexually
  abstinent for at least 3 weeks--orgasm-less completely--before taking the trip. &quot;This
  will assist us in emphasizing your true chastity and helplessness&quot; the
  brochure, written by a Ms. Dawn, had emphasized..  
Jack wanted to do things right, but, being a compulsive masturbator, he'd
  only been able to log eight days of celibacy before he'd left, and it had taken
  a helluva lot of golden showers! But even with only eight days of horniness,
  he was still going nearly insane, watching Cindy's tanned hands with their
  French manicure playing about his leg, squeezing the inner thigh and patting
  dangerously near his zipper. By the time they arrived at the little row of
  attractive cottages called bungalows, Jack's dick was about to burst through
  the crotch, and Cindy seemed to be inwardly giggling.  
When they got to his bungalow, Cindy unlocked the door and gave Jack a copy
  of the key. &quot;I and my team will each have keys to your little house here,
  and we can come in at any time of the day and night, but no one else will.&quot; She
  smiled at Jack and after watching him unpack, sitting on a chair in the middle
  of the room waving one of her superbly shaped legs in the air, she got down
  to business.  
&quot;Jack, I want you to take everything off, and come stand in front of
  me, honey."  
Jack knew that it would be embarrassing standing stark naked in front of
  this lovely young lady, and he'd certainly anticipated that there would be
  something like this going on,but he was still even more humiliated than he
  thought he'd be. It might be that Cindy had a true sense of self--she seemed
  as if she was ready to handle peace talks with Sadam Hussein or something!
  Cindy grinned slightly as Jack's penis grew hard as he attempted to stare into
  the cleavage just beneath her little crop top.  
&quot;Put your hands behind your back, Jack. No, I've seen it all before,
  believe you, me. You weren't ashamed in front of your Mommy when you were a
  little boy were you? No, then you shouldn't be in front of Miss Cindy, even
  if I am only twenty-three.&quot; Cindy casually reached out and began to fondle
  Jack's penis, and it grew harder in her hand. &quot;Now you seem to have signed
  up for the expensive deal, Mr. Wilson--two weeks!&quot; Cindy tickled Jack's
  balls with her long nails as she played with his dickie with the other.&nbsp;What
  do you think, you think you can handle two weeks of me doing this?&quot; As
  she said &quot;this&quot; Cindy began grazing her thumb under Jack's penis
  as her forefingers drummed the top as if she were about to smoke a cigar.  
Cindy's tongue peeked out from between her lips and waggled back and forth,
  and she leaned forward so Jack could get better visual access into her cleavage. &quot;I
  know you're staring at my honeys, Jack.&quot; Cindy said in a soft voice, as
  she continued to stroke his cock slowly. &quot;Don't you wish you could touch
  them? Think of what a normal guy would do with twenty grand--that's what you
  paid to be here, right?  
He could hire twenty girls like me who'd do whatever he liked...but you know
  you don't deserve that, do you...keep those hands behind your back, honey.&quot; Jack's
  cock got harder, and Cindy pulled the glans a bit. Continuing in her soft voice
  she said &quot;Jackie, baby...a normal guy could have so much fun with a slut
  like me, but all you can do is stare at, not even my full boobs, but just the
  cleavage, the tops...you're getting the same show you got in high school, and
  I have you here naked and begging.&quot; Cindy leaned over&nbsp;and gave Jack
  a long kiss, and he smelled her perfume. She kissed him again, and her tongue
  shot in&nbsp;his mouth, as a leapfrog traps a fly. &quot;&nbsp;At least the
  girls in high school didn't always know that you were gaping at them, they
  didn't have access to this naked cock...&quot; Cindy's fingers twiddled the
  frenum.  
&quot;Really, you are kind of pathetic, honey.Aren't you?&quot; Jack nodded
  sadly, and his lip trembled. Cindy began rubbing a little faster, alternating
  ten fast strokes with ten slow ones.&quot;I mean, I have a big old boyfriend
  who loves to fuck me, but you could've had me for ten grand,but you just want
  to be a pathetic little girl, right, just a loser.&quot; Despite his stiff
  rod, Jack's eyes began welling up as he thought of how true this girl's assessment
  was...  
Cindy's voice grew softer and more honeyed. Her nails seemed to be hitting
  all of Jack's penile nerves,and he was dying to cum&quot;Yes, you can't have
  any good lovin' from me, because&nbsp; your mommy prolly beat your ass when
  you were a little boy? Beat your bare ass in front of your sisters, or the
  neighborhood children? And you were a sissy boy, maybe with violin lessons,
  right?&quot; Jack thought of Mommy's hairbrush, and began sobbing softly. He
  reached out for Cindy and she slapped him across the face. &quot;Didn't I tell
  you to keep your hands behind your back?&quot; Her voice was now sharp.  
&quot;Yes Ma'am...&quot; Jack cried quietly, and Cindy played with his penis
  some more as she hummed quietly in his ear about what a loser he was..and then
  suddenly she stopped.  
Jack stared in horror as she stepped back and reached into a handbag, pulling
  out a metal chastity belt. &quot;Ta-daa!&quot; Cindy laughed.  
Pamela's Return  
Pamela watched Jack Wilson leave the runway with Cindy, and smiled. God,
  the island hadn't changed at all. When Pamela left, Cindy was just a green
  recruit in training, and look at how self-assured the young beauty was now!
  Pamela wondered if Cindy would ever fall in love with a client, as Pamela had
  three years ago, and thought about it as she drove to her bungalow.  
David had been incredibly sweet, and a repeat client for Pamela... a very
  rich and generous fellow, he was bewitched by her strawberry blonde curls,
  her little bud-breasts pushing up her belly shirt, and dancing green eyes.
  At the end of his eighth visit to the Island, they were married at the little
  chapel, and flew home together as man and wife. David had had many ideas about
  what it would be like to be married to a sexual tease expert, as opposed to
  visiting for five or six day increments.  
Pamela had started out by giving David intense two or three hour teases,
  milking his cock, greased with corn oil, while she wore French bra and panty
  sets, and then letting him cum. &quot;Ooh, that felt so good.&quot; David said
  after a four hour tease in which he'd shot all over the bed. &quot;But honey,
  I'm ready for going a while without orgasms. Why aren't you teasing me and
  putting me back in the belt, frustrated?&quot; Pamela smiled. &quot;David,
  it's not as easy as you think, being teased and denied for more than a couple
  of days. I want to ease you into it. Believe me, your time will come, where
  you'll really miss getting to cum once every day or two.&quot;  
The plan was, David would be allowed to cum twenty-seven times in the first
  thirty days they were together, and every night after he'd cleared away the
  dishes, David would meet Pamela in library and stand in front of her as she
  stroked and twirled his stiffening erection...They'd start out with him standing
  in front of her, and then move to the bed as his legs&nbsp;grew tired.  
&nbsp;Pamela would&nbsp; then continue her ministrations, sometimes ceasing
  with the fingers and rubbing her toes around his shaft,and then alternating
  to using a feather or lubricated dental floss...at around midnight,the latest
  David should be awake before getting his eight hours rest before work the next
  day, Pamela would jerk him&nbsp; off into a shot glass. She didn't make him
  drink it at first, this would happen later...David kept telling her he couldn't
  wait for the first time he wasn't allowed to cum...Only three days this month?
  But he wouldn't know what three days they were!  
Then one night, just before one a.m. Pamela, resplendent in a pink shift
  was pulling and stroking David's purple cock, streaming with pre-cum, and suddenly
  she just stopped. &quot;Whats going on?&quot; David had asked. &quot;Are you
  getting me off?&quot; Pamela had hopped off the bed and bounded into the kitchen,
  coming back with an ice cube. Aaahgh. David felt unbelievably scorched in a
  cold sort of way as Pamela rubbed his dick down. &quot;Tonight honey, you are
  going to bed horny.&quot; Pamela said, smiling. &quot;Aaw come on...this has
  been going on for hours.&quot;  
David had pleaded. She had stroked him before dinner, then during all the
  commercials during &quot;LA Law&quot; and &quot;Boomtown&quot; and the news,
  and then, turning off the TV, she'd taken him back to bed and really focused
  on making his cock feel like a MX missile... But here his cock was going limp
  against the ice's cruel push, and Pamela was locking David back into his&nbsp; chastity
  belt. &quot;Good night, darling&quot; Pamela kissed David's lips (She was staying
  up a little later, as she hadn't arisen til noon) &quot;You okay?&quot; David's
  cock was beginning to harden again, as his lovely wife stood before him in
  her pink shift...but of course it couldn't get totally hard, because it was
  locked in the damn belt!  
&quot;My dick hurts, honey&quot; David whined. &quot;Well, it'll be out again
  tomorrow night&quot; Pamela had laughed before shutting the light off...and
  that had been his first night of frustration.  
After that first night with no orgasm, David had been quite grateful to get
  his spurt the following midnight, and admitted to Pamela that &quot;the stimulation
  is even more intense after having gone all day without cumming! You're right,
  after a few days or a week of celibacy, I should be crazy!&quot; Or what about
  a couple of months, Pamela had thought, smiling as she'd cleaned the semen
  off from David's exhausted penis.  
At the beginning of the second month together, Pamela explained there would
  be slightly more sacrifice. &quot;Now honey, this month, you'll cum twenty-one
  out of thirty days. You'll still get lots of orgasms, but it'll be&nbsp; a
  little tougher,and ALSO you're going to have to be more understanding and generous
  for your Pammy.&quot; &quot;What do you mean?&quot; David had asked &quot;I've
  never gotten to have sex with you, because you said I'd have to wait, I eat
  you out for an hour every evening, and I gave you a car and a nice allowance,
  honey. Even a Platnium Visa card!&quot;  
Pamela smiled. &quot;Yes, babe, but I have needs too...and one of my high
  school boyfriends lives in the area.&quot; David had had a very difficult time
  with this. Several nights a week after Pamela had given David his teasing,
  she would leave the house to the accompaniment of a sports car honking outside.
  She always wore clubbing clothes, and it seemed she wasn't there when he left
  for work in the morning. Of course, this meant David&nbsp;didn't have to bring
  her breakfast in bed, but he was too consumed with jealousy to see the high
  side...and of course he had to &quot;clean&quot; Pamela out when she came home.  
The third month was fifty-fifty: David would be allowed to release fifteen
  days out of thirty, and so he had about every other day to expect a night of
  frustration...and those nights were incredibly difficult. Pamela would often
  finish her milking of him, and ice down the penis, lock it up and then unlock
  David, requiring him to give her a bath and massage before assisting her in
  dressing up for her clubbing date. He would feel ill as he watched her pull
  a skintight sweater over the Merry Widow she was going to surprise her current
  lover with later, and hand her lipsticks as she fussed over the mirror. It
  was awfully painful for him to go to bed then, his penis encased in the cruel
  apparatus...wondering whether the guy had gotten into Pamela's panties yet.
  He would call Pamela several times from work the next day to see how she was,
  as she'd not been there when he left...and she was always very sweet to him.  
&quot;Yes, Davie...I had a nice time. No, not my boyfriend, I went out with
  the Fedex guy who brought the golf-clubs you ordered from E-Bay.&quot; At some
  point in the phone conversation David would begin to get dangerously close
  to tears, which was not a good way for his next dental appointment to meet
  him. (Whoever heard of&nbsp;&nbsp;a root canal from a guy who is crying more
  than the patient is?) and she'd promise David &quot;Tonight, honey...we'll
  have a nice time. I don't think it's a squirtie night for you,but I will stay
  at home, at least til you go to bed and sleep. Mommy bought a new nightie for
  you to snuggle with her in.&quot; As Pamela carried her bags in her bungalow,
  she thought of David now, two years into the marriage.  
He now came once every 90 days...and often had to wait on Pamela and her
  full time boyfriend, Dirk. Dirk lived in the spare room, or really David did,
  and Pamela teased David constantly...and Dirk provided all the discipline.
  They'd fired David's housekeeper, donating her salary to the March of Dimes,
  and David cleaned and cooked for them both when he wasn't at work...Just before
  she'd left the house for this one&nbsp; month assignment from M. Fulbright,
  she'd watched poor David, wearing only his chastity belt, heels and bright
  blue 70's eye shadow, scrubbing the baseboards as Dirk stood over him with
  a strap. After each chore was completed,&nbsp; David either got a whipping
  if he'd done a bad job, or if he was a good boy, he was allowed to blow Dirk,which
  was a questionable reward. Pamela had promised David he could jerk off once
  a week if he was perfectly behaved while she was gone,but as she began unpacking
  she realized she'd brought the key to his belt with her...poor thing!  
Hal and Rachel  
Hal, Tease Island Comptroller came home after a long day in negotiations
  over the final funding of the Clinic. What a job of work, he thought. Rachel,
  Hal's wife, was reclining on the couch, reading &quot;Elle&quot; magazine,
  her full breasts heaving in the snug minidress. Though Rachel was nearly fifty,
  she still had the aura of a Betty Boop. And there was a remarkable contrast
  between the tanned, shapely brunette and her pallid flabby husband perspiring
  in his gray suit.  
   
  &quot;Did you have a tough time, darling?&quot; Rachel asked, not taking
  her eyes off the magazine. Hal smiled &quot;Well, at least it's done.&quot; Hal
  gazed at the embroidery on Rachel's heaving basque. He had been forbidden to
  touch Rachel's beautiful breasts, except for birthdays and Christmas, for nearly
  five years, and it could be frustrating. &quot;How was your day, dearest?&quot;  
   
  Rachel smiled, absently twirling the diamond pendant Hal had bought
  her &quot;just on impulse&quot; the week before. &quot;Oh, I spent this morning
  having a rubdown, Young Johnny Bates, the South Island masseur came and worked
  on my breasts...he didn't even charge our account! Nearly an hour and a half,
  he spent.&quot; Hal sighed deeply and looked very sad. Rachel smiled to herself.
  How stupid Hal was. No woman would want her breasts manipulated for that long.
  But what fun it was to watch his eyes well up! She tucked in her basque, further
  emphasizing the swell of her cleavage and smiled. &quot;Well, are you getting
  ready now?&quot; &quot;What for?&quot; Hal asked. &quot;I'm going to shower
  and take a nap, hon.&quot; Rachel shook her head. &quot;Tonight's the banquet
  for the completion of the Clinic. You and I are being picked up by M.Fulbright
  and Dawn in an hour. Get your tux, babe.&quot;  
   
  Hal shook his head. &quot;Rachel, I worked all week on this with the
  codicil that I wouldn't have to attend the banquet. There's a Sixers game on
  tonight, after I lie down I want to watch that and order in a pizza. Remember?
  I told you I wasn't up to going, and you understood...M. Fulbright said it
  was all right, and you were in agreement since I spent all yesterday spackling
  the bathroom.&quot; Rachel smiled. &quot;Darling, go get your tux on, you shouldn't
  count on those promises from me. I would like a night out, and you are needed
  there. Go shower and put on your tuxedo, dearest.&quot; Hal shook his head. &quot;Dammit,
  Rachel. I am not going tonight. The Clinic banquet can go on without me. You
  need a night out? But you don't do anything during the day! I work all the
  time, ever since you retired as a Tease therapist--&quot;  
   
  Rachel's voice was like iron. &quot;Harold, strip off your clothes and
  get me the cane.&quot; Hal blanched. &quot;The cane?&quot; Rachel snapped her
  fingers. &quot;Hurry. You are being a brat, and I barely have time to correct
  you before we get dressed for the banquet.&quot; Hal shook his head. &quot;Never
  mind, honey, I'll get dressed...&quot; Rachel's voice was strident. &quot;Strip.
  The cane. Now!&quot;  
   
  Rachel, even after twenty years of whipping Hal's ass, had not lost
  her &quot;touch&quot; The cane rose and fell against Hal's pale white buttocks,
  creating vicous bruises and weals as Hal screamed and cried. &quot;I've told
  you WHACK WHACK WHACK not to dispute me!&quot; Rachel let out a satisfied sigh
  as the cane landed squarely in the sensitive spot where Hal's buttock met his
  thigh. Finally she threw down the cane, and lifted her skirt,and the weeping
  Hal crawled underneath, licking Rachel quickly to two or three shuddering orgasms.  
   
  Afterwards, Hal stood up, and Rachel cuffed his hands behind her back.
  Unlocking his Prince Albert piercing, her long nails played across Hal's suffering
  purple cockhead. &quot;You poor baby.&quot; she crooned. Her forefinger teased
  the shaft and Hal gasped as she leaned forward, giving him a great view of
  her heaving tan melons. &quot;I know baby's mad because he has to go to the
  Banquet instead of watching his sports game,but you know my rule about bitching,
  honey...this means no more football---&quot; &quot;basketball&quot; Hal interrupted
  sadly. Rachel snickered as she tickled Hal's scrotum and stroked a large, swelling
  vein on the side of his penis &quot;Basketball games, then for the rest of
  the season. You'll have to watch the Decorator channel with me instead.&quot; Just
  as Hal was about to spurt in her hand, Rachel pulled away, and struck Hal's
  penis with the cane four or five times until he was limp enough to be re- locked
  for the Prince Albert piercing.  
   
  &quot;There you go, honey&quot; Rachel chuckled. &quot;Now go get in
  your tux. The Banquet is waiting!&quot;  
   
  The Banquet   
&quot;I see Rachel got Hal to come tonight. He swore he was going to get
  to watch the basketball g-uh-game.&quot; Stuart was having a difficult time
  finishing his sentences. It was difficult being at the Island banquet with
  his beautiful wife Simone, a top Tease therapist playing with his dick under
  the table.  
   
  M. Fulbright Penoposkott was handing out awards for those who had been
  extremely helpful in making the Island Hospital and Clinic a success, and this
  was a big night&hellip;but Stuart was certainly distracted. Most men would
  be, having a beautiful woman in a silver strapless gown manipulating your cock,
  which was hopelessly poking out of your tuxedo pants&hellip;Stuart stared at
  Simone lovingly as she innocently sipped her wine with one hand and kept the
  other moving about under the table. He was continually amazed that he had gotten
  so lucky with Simone, and never guessed the truth.  
   
  When Stuart, a successful contractor had come to the island looking
  for fun, M. Fulbright had seen the potential for tremendous growth of buildings
  on the island, and had chosen Simone, famous for her raven hair, intense black
  eyes and heaving bosom to &quot;secure&quot; Stuart as an island employee.  
   
  Stu had never had a chance.  
   
  Stu had given up something that would have been tough for many men&mdash; a
  multimillion dollar construction company and fat municipal contracts in a great
  part of Chicago to be a $40,000 Island employee doing the same high pressure
  work. M. Fulbright thought this might work if Simone was thrown into the bargain,
  and fortunately, Simone was quite attracted to the tough, cigar smoking Bronson
  lookalike to enjoy the &quot;sting&quot; of sucking him in&hellip;and he'd
  proposed to her within a month!  
   
  Now the Island had a contractor who built incredible structures, supervising
  crews 18 hours a day. &quot;We must finish this thing!&quot; he would order
  them frantically, and competent and majestic buildings would arise faster than
  one could say &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; In the evenings, Stuart knelt naked
  before Simone, giving his report of the day's work before she would begin her
  teasing of him.  
   
  Simone was a familiar sight, dark curls falling under her hard hat as
  she'd follow her husband around on different construction sites. The crews
  would whistle mentally as they watched her boobs heave in tight white T-shirts
  as she gently questioned the speed on say the building of the roof of the new
  Recreation Center. &quot;Couldn't you finish this faster honey?&quot; Simone
  would ask, brushing her rounded bottom, curving in stone-washed jeans against
  the lump in Stu's work pants. &quot;When will the doors be installed? A pat
  on Stu's bulging crotch area.  
   
  Stu, like Hal, wore a Prince Albert, and no underwear, so Simone could
  tease him with her bottom and occasional gropes while nagging about the project&hellip;and
  then Terri, Stu's office assistant, would cuff him and stroke his dick with
  her pink nails as they discussed numbers. (Terri also had a key to the Prince
  Albert. Stu's life was in control!)  
   
   
  The secret of Stuart's speed was Simone's timing of his orgasms. For
  the past three years, Stuart's squirt dates had been met just after important
  building completion dates. Dawn had informed Simone that the West Beach Hospital
  and Clinic really needed to be finished by August 12. Stu had protested&hellip;&quot; No,
  no&hellip;we're looking at a November completion date&hellip;&quot; Simone
  had patted Dawn's arm &quot;Don't listen to him. Do you have that new Prince
  Albert?&quot;Dawn had laughed and handed Simone the package&hellip;  
   
  When the drafting and planning for the Clinic had been done back in
  January, Stu had been allowed to spurt; after the metal infrastructure was
  developed for the building, Simone had actually allowed Stuart to cum in her
  hand! (he'd had to lick it out,but still&hellip;) That had been in March. Then
  the pressure had begun. Stuart had been bound to the bed, night after night,
  Simone towering over him one night in a pink bikni lingerie set, the next in
  black leather PVC, twiddling and tickling his dick with her long nails&hellip; Every
  noon, Terri and Lexie, Stu's accounting clerk, would bind him to the desk and
  strip to their undies, pulling and prodding his erection till he wept in frustration!
  Nadia, Stu's executive secretary would breathe in his ear as she pinched his
  nipple &quot; Simone wants you to come, baby&hellip;you can right after we're
  done with that nasty little job! Let's not lag on getting the electricians
  in there!&quot;  
   
  And Stuart would be right back out at one-thirty in the afternoon, his
  frustrated cock writhing in his drawers like an anaconda, as he screamed at
  the men to finish the damned job. &quot;Let's go, people!&quot; By the end
  of July, a full two weeks before the completion deadline, the West Beach Hospital
  and Clinic was done!  
   
  And Stuart was hoping that his reward would be later,but my God, his
  wife might well give it to him now, with all the poking and stroking of his
  cock under the table...&quot;I'm so proud of you, darling&quot; Simone whispered,
  her Obession perfume enveloping Stu's head.  
   
   
   Jack Wilson leaned back. It had been quite a three days since his arrival
  at the Island. He felt quite odd wearing a tux; they'd told him to bring one
  just in case, but much of the time he'd been here he'd either been in shorts
  and a T-shirt or naked. Slaves didn't even wear bathing suits, they just swam
  in the nude, though of course he went around dressed. He'd spent a great deal
  of time with different members of his "team"&mdash;four beautiful girls who
  kept popping in and out of his bungalow, tying him down and trying to make
  him beg louder and louder for a cum that never came.  
&nbsp;Now, Maurissa, Cindy's assistant and one of Jack's favorite team members,
  had decided to bring him out for the night for this weird get together involving
  the dedication of the hospital. "It just seems like such an odd way to be spending
  our time." Jack had said to Maurissa.&nbsp; "I mean, I can go to banquets back
  home, you know?" Maurissa &nbsp;&nbsp;just giggled and told him something interesting
  might happen. They happened to be sitting at a table about three feet away
  from Stuart Kendall, who was apparently one of the guests of honor at this
  shindig. Kendall had apparently designed and built the hospital. He was with
  one hot broad, too&hellip;she looked like&nbsp; Victoria Principal from the "Dallas" shows
  he'd watched as a kid.  
It was the weirdest thing; Stuart Kendall's beautiful companion seemed to
  be moving her hand around under the table and he was taking these quick intakes
  of breath. Maurissa noticed Jack staring and her tousled head shook in a sea
  of giggles. "Whatchoo think they doin' Wilsie?" Maurissa was a beautiful combination
  of African American, American Indian and Japanese, and her nickname giving
  was a holdover from her lively days in the Watts ghetto. She had called her
  uncle Wilsie&hellip;his full sobriquet was Woodrow Wilson Weston Williamson,
  so when Maurissa learned Jack's surname she felt she was back home again. A
  handjob? Jack looked at Maurissa again, astonished, and they both laughed. "An'
  Stuart look like his pipes way backed up too." Maurissa observed. "She make
  that boy crazy!"  
It was true Stuart's face was contorting back and forth as the Victoria Principal
  lookalike, who Maurissa said was Stu's wife, kept moving her hand back and
  forth under the table. Then M. Fulbright Penopskott, the founder of Tease Island
  actually called for Stuart to go up and get an award&hellip;he had been going
  on and on about Stuart's abilities as a builder. And clearly, here was Stuart,
  bending over and zipping himself up. "See Wilsie, Stu's having a time of it
  trying to get his thing back in his pants" whispered Maurissa. "See how he's
  kind of holding his handkerchief in front of his crotch so no one will see
  how that thang is bulging down there? Simone, that evil girl done a number
  on that pitiful&nbsp; cat." she lay a dark hand on Jack Wilson's crotch and
  his penis jumped as well...and of course Maurissa laughed.  
"and completed the specifications a week before deadline. " M. Fulbright
  was saying happily. "May I present you with the golden Sceptre, our honor for
  employees who've done a great job!" Massive applause ensued as Stuart accepted
  the golden rod, which Jack Wilson thought was a bit tacky. Stuart's speech
  wasn't much better. Jack could always tell the masculine mathematical engineering
  talk. "And I'm real proud of the whole team" Stuart Kendall was saying, "including
  my office staff. Terri and the other girls were real supportive" A group of
  hot women waved at him. "And of course my wife Simone, who was so helpful."  
As Stuart made it back to the table, amid applause, Simone held her hand
  up as she stood. "M Fulbright, do you mind if I say a word?" She stood up in
  front of her astonished husband and took the microphone. "I am so proud of
  my husband as well, and wanted the group to know that he really sweated blood
  over this project." Jack couldn't take his eyes off Simone's chest. Her breasts
  looked as if they might be filled with helium, and could take off at any moment,
  out of the dress and around the ceiling.  
"And I promised Stuart a reward&hellip;you know how behavior modification
  works, girls?" All the women in the room laughed and applauded. Stuart Kendall's
  ruddy face seemed to turn opaque. "And&mdash;"Simone turned to Stu, who had
  grabbed her shoulder.  
&nbsp;"Honey, not here. We can&mdash;" Simone shook her head, smiling. "Darling
  this is Tease Island&hellip;we have no secrets&hellip;as I was saying, all
  of you know that although many of the maintenance men and carpenters and electricians
  on the teams that Stu supervised are normal boys with regular appetites&mdash;God
  knows I've satisfied a few of them!" Some rough looking men that Jack had seen
  working on the building when driving by clapped. Jesus, Jack thought. They
  aren't even wearing tuxes! Most had very homely suits on. Real blue collar
  types. "But Stu and I met as client and therapist&hellip;and so I tease this
  boy!"  
Simone glided her long nails across Stuart's crotch and he moaned. His face
  was beet red from humiliation,but he couldn't ignore the stroke. "And so, after
  months of the girls in his office teasing him, and me teasing him&hellip;Stuie
  began to beg quite a bit for some release&hellip;and I told him if he could
  finish the building on time or earlier, he would get his release&hellip;and
  tonight is the night. Do you want to see his reward?" Stuart's eyes opened
  and he began mouthing NO NO NO.  
"What's that honey?" Simone looked a bit shocked. "You don't want to cum?" Simone
  looked over at M. Fulbright. "M., darling, when is the next building&mdash;what
  is it?" "The Tease Island Square=Dancing Hall." Supplied M. Fulbright. "Yes,
  when is that scheduled to be done?" Simone's eyes batted and everyone laughed. "It's
  a long one. We are counting on Stuart! He is starting on it tomorrow and it
  might not be finished for eighteen months." M. Fulbright replied.  
Simone turned to Stuart. "You don't want to cum, sweetie? You won't be eligible
  for another orgasm&mdash;" Simone counted on her fingers. "That's a long time,
  honey. I mean, you might get to squirt nine months from now, when the plans
  are complete,but you know I'm real strict." Stuart whispered, but all could
  hear "I thought I could do it in private." Simone laughed. "No, no&hellip;we
  are all so proud of you! You shall share your reward with us all, or&mdash;" her
  voice grew steely-"not at all." Simone turned to the audience. "Do we need
  some encouragement?"  
Glenda, Stuart's receptionist and Terri, his office assistant, began a chant,
  and it began roaring around the room. "GO STUART GO, GO STUART GO! " Everyone
  laughed as a few tears came down Stuart's bronzed cheek. His chin fell. Simone
  held up her hand for silence.  
"Honey, if you really want to preserve your dignity, we can wait ten months
  or so&hellip;but&mdash;" she squeezed Stuart's crotch again. "that'll be a
  lot of teasing and frustration!" Jack watched, astonished as the huge man looked
  down at his small,curvy brunette wife and sighed deeply. Then he began undoing
  his bow tie. Within moments, Stuart had neatly folded his tuxedo and&nbsp; placed
  it on the table, and was standing naked in a room of formally dressed people&mdash;men
  in suits, and ladies in gowns. His face was crimson, but his penis stood straight
  out. Jack noticed that it was dripping with precum. Stuart looked quite ashamed,
  but Simone began idly playing with Stuart's cock as she spoke to the room. &quot;Are
  you ready for some fun, folks?&quot;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





