BDSM Library - Immortal Sin




Immortal Sin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: based in the 50s a young girl gets pregnant and is sent away from home to have it, she meets with a nasty house mistress but also a very loving freind. IMMORTAL SIN.   
 As he grabbed my arm again I screamed and tried to fight him off kicking
  out at him then I launched forward and bite into the side of his face, he pushed
  me away and slapped me&quot; your nothing but a cheep dirty whore I cant believe
  I wasted my time with you just go, go on&quot; and he pushed me over onto the
  wet street, everyone stared at me I felt humiliated and degraded, who did he
  think he was? I started to walk off; I just wanted to get as far away from
  him as I could and never come back.  
 Something hit the back of my head and again I fell to the floor,  
&quot;If I ever see you again it will be far too soon&quot; he screamed after
  me.  
I started to run I wanted to free myself from him I couldn't believe he would
  do that to me, after all this time.  
We had been going out for a year almost now, and I had given myself to him
  completely, now I had completely regretted it, I was pregnant, that was what
  the argument was all about, I thought he would have stuck by me instead he
  had made a fool of me in front of everyone calling me a cheep whore saying
  I had slept with lots of other people and the child wasn't his, it wasn't true
  I had never been with another ever he was my first and only and I thought I
  loved him but I also though he loved me.  
 How much had I got it wrong though, on the way home I wept bitterly, I knew
  that I had to tell my parents, I had no idea how they were going to react,
  I knew I had shamed them totally and bought disgrace on the family I hoped
  my mother would understand but my father being an outstanding citizen and a
  devout catholic, I knew he was going to be outraged, but I had to tell them
  I knew what I had done was an immortal sin, having a baby outside of wed lock
  but I needed help I wouldn't be able to hide it for long.  
 When I got home I ran upstairs and fell onto my bed, the sun streamed through
  the window lighting up the room but my eyes where red and tear soaked how would
  I be able to tell my parents and what were they going to do. How had I ever
  been so stupid and got myself into this situation. He wasn't going to take
  responsibility he had made that very clear.  
 I heard the front door go and knew it was my mum home&quot; Patricia, honey
  would you come and help me with the tea please your father will be home soon",
  I wiped my eyes and went downstairs to help her.  
 &quot;what on earths the matter dear, why have you been crying, is it George
  again, now come on you know he will be round later apologizing he really cares
  for you, now wipe your eyes don't let your father see you like that you know
  what he's like&quot; she was busying herself but the idea that she thought
  George really cared for me just made me worse and I broke down crying&quot; he
  doesn't care about me, he wont be coming back, oh ma what am I going to do&quot; I
  ran to her and she put her arms around me holding me tightly.  
 &quot;Come on dear it can't be that bad" she said looking at me holding
  my head in her hands,  
 "he doesn't care about me ma, he made me pregnant now he doesn't want to
  know&quot; I sobbed, she dropped my head and stood there looking at me" what
  did you just say?&quot; she said in a strange tone &quot;your what&quot; she
  turned away from me then swiftly turned back slapping my cheek so hard my head
  spun round and I dropped to the floor.  
 &quot;but ma please I need your help, I know your upset but I am too and
  I'm scared please ma help me&quot; I looked at her searching for the slightest
  look of pity in her eyes but there was none she had gone pale and just stared
  at me I reached forward to grip onto her skirt but he pushed me off.  
 &quot;Get upstairs and stay there till your father comes home I can't look
  at you" she said to me in such a solemn and demanding voice and tone I had
  never heard her use before.  
 "but ma I need your help, please ma&quot; I begged her trying to cling to
  her tears rolling down my cheeks, but she pushed me away again.  
 &quot;Do as I say you dirty little slut, i don't want to look at you&quot; she
  screamed at me.  
 I made my way upstairs, and lay on my bed and waited for my father to come
  home.  
 I heard my father's car pulling up and ran to the top of the stairs but
  ma demanded I went to my room said she had to speak to my father first and
  that I was to stay out of sight.  
 I lay alone in my bedroom and it went deadly silent downstairs no screaming
  or shouting or anything not a word then the door went and I heard my fathers
  car leave the drive.  
 It was getting late when the door opened and my father was escorted into
  the house my two officers his hands were covered in blood and I sat a the top
  of the stairs and heard what was being said my father had gone down to Georges
  house and told his father what was happening there had been a fight and my
  father was involved in hitting George and his father, I couldn't bear to listen
  to any more so i went to my bedroom and sobbed myself to sleep in my pillow.  
 THUD the door went with a bang and I was dragged from my bed by hair and
  landed with a crash on the floor, I saw my father standing over me with tears
  in his eyes, and his belt in his hand he lifted it above his head and started
  laying into me beating me with his belt hitting every part of my body through
  my light nightie every part of my stinging as though it were on fire.  
 I could feel every lash as it cut into my body and I curled myself up into
  a ball to try to hid as much of my poor body away from the relentless beating
  of the heavy leather strap, I could feel my nightie getting damp as I wet myself
  in sheer terror this man who had played with me and only ever shown me love
  and tenderness was now releasing a dark side which I had never seen, all his
  fury was pouring out on me as the strap was still mercilessly hitting my flesh
  cutting my mouth as it caught my face and onto my back again.  
&quot;Please pa please&quot; I screamed begging for mercy, but he kept beating
  me until he had no strength left.  
He slumped onto my bed still crying" how could you do this to me, how could
  you" he kept saying over and over again. I just lay there on the floor in a
  puddle of my own urine, sobbing pitifully rubbing every part of my body I could
  reach, the pain was immense and was all I could think about it as he got up
  and left the room.  
 In the morning I was awoken by my father as he came into my room with a
  case and started throwing my clothes into it,  
&quot;Please pa I don't want to go anywhere" I cried" please pa&quot; he
  just looked at me and slammed the case shut then grabbed my bedraggled hair
  and pulled me downstairs and hustled me into the car.  
 The trip was long and silent I was still in my pee stained nightie and I
  smelt like urine too, I tried to talk to my father several times but he didn't
  even look at me he just kept driving.  
 When the car stopped outside this massive house I could see lots of girls
  there working, cleaning. most of them it was obvious they were also pregnant
  huge lumps in front of them my father turned to me" this is where you will
  stay till you've had that bastard child then when he has gone you may return
  home but you are never to mention it to us again we will come for you when
  it is all over.  
 &quot;but pa I don't know I if I want the baby or not I hadn't thought about
  it, I don't want to be taken away from home, please pa cant we talk about this
  cant ma bring the baby up&quot; I had never thought about having to give the
  baby up and I certainly didn't want to made to leave home.  
 "your mother wants nothing to do with you or the bastard, when its over
  you may come home, but you are never to mention this again do you understand?" he
  never even looked at me while he said this kept his head forward all the time
  while a stout looking women got my case from the boot then opened the door
  and told me to get out the car.  
 &quot;Don't you worry we will take car of her, she will earn her keep and
  we will inform you when you may come and pick her up&quot; my father looked
  directly at her but never spoke he just started the engine and drove off.  
 "get in the house you dirty little slut you stink I can see your going to
  be some trouble, I always know the ones who are going to be trouble as soon
  as I see them&quot; she chucked my case at me and dragged me into the house
  by my arm, I could see my fathers car fad away into the distance.  
 I was hustled into this small room were here was a shower my case was taken
  from me by another member of the staff and I was roughly pushed forward and
  then striped by this women and shoved under the freezing cold shower.  
 I stood there shivering under the cold flowing water as the two other women
  stood there watching me closely could feel their watching me examining every
  part of my naked goose pimpled figure. I could feel them staring at the deep
  red marks allover me of the strap which my father had beaten me with the night
  before, they still stood out a bright flame red color and the water stung when
  it hit a part where the leather had broken the skin.  
I was chucked a towel and dragged into a small bedroom with two small single
  beds crammed into it which left little room to move let alone for any furniture
  just two small boxes one each at the foot of each bed with night clothes folded
  and placed onto it.  
 I was pushed onto the bed the towel taken away from me so I was naked again
  onto of the bed then the two women came forward an pushed me down so I was
  lying down on top of the bed and they forced my legs apart" if you struggle
  it will only make things worse, now lye down with your feet and knees apart
  so we can examine you child&quot;.  
 I did as I was told and I could feel my buttock cheeks clam up as the women
  stared to pry taking a god look first, my face reddened with sheer embarrassment
  as one of the women inserted a few fingers inside my fanny and I could feel
  it as she moved them around and then she smiled as she pulled them out again.  
 &quot;well id say you were around two months pregnant so a long while to
  go yet, dinners at 5 bed at 8 breakfast at 6 work in-between shower mon thurs
  and Sunday although I made an exception today but you did smell like you'd
  lived in a pig pen, speak only when spoken to and no fraternizing or conversations
  with the other girls allowed, i like peace and quiet, understand&quot; she
  asked me  
&quot;Yes&quot; I replied," you will refer to me or any other member of staff
  here as miss at all times,&quot; she said looking at me,  
&quot;Yes miss&quot; I replied my head bowed, my eyes concentrating now on
  the hard cold wooden floor.  
 They left me I the room to get changed into some clothes they placed on
  the bed for me, and I was requested to be ready and downstairs for dinner.  
 I sat on the bed getting slowly dressed looking around my strange new environment
  I know found myself in. I couldn't help but think of home and my eyes flooded
  with tears, at the thought of my fathers face last night the horrified look
  of dread in his eyes as he mercilessly beat me.  
 My head flooded with repentance and hatred for George, why me how come I
  would be the only one paying for this I would have to carry, bear then part
  with this child while he was safely back in the town probably sinning with
  another girl getting her into trouble, how I hated him, how I hated myself
  for letting him do this to me.  
 The time passed and I made my way downstairs for tea my eyes widened at
  the sight of this huge table running the length of the dining room and a smaller
  one at the top, and then the girls pilled in all finding somewhere to sit so
  I joined them and seated myself on the far end of the table nearest the door
  and we all sat in silence and waited.  
 The staff came in and sat down at the small table at the top, then the big
  doors opened and more girls came in carrying the food for the main table big
  bowels of bread and cooked meat and vegetables and mountains of gravy and placed
  them in front of the staff then went and fetched the bowels of watery vegetable
  soup for the rest of us.  
 We all waited for the staff to eat first, then we slowly ate our small measly
  portions of cold watery vegetable soup, watching them tuck into their feast
  and looking at my pitiful bowel made me realized this place was going to be
  hard to bear.  
 After our meal we all filed into lines and I followed them to the laundry
  room where we were all set to work doing not only our own but other items too
  from people in the nearby town, I didn't realize it then but this was to be
  where I would work from now on from six in the morning till eight at night
  every single day.  
 My first night was hard I was sobbing in my bed when the other girl in my
  room turned to me and whispered&quot; you ok&quot; she was about my age with
  light blonde hair and blue eyes and she sounded really concerned it was the
  first time anyone had sounded like they had cared since i had come here.  
 &quot;I just wish none of this had ever happened&quot; I sobbed  
 &quot;Don't we all, hi I'm Sarah" she said to me  
 &quot;I'm patrica&quot; I said&quot; patty,&quot; I looked at her as she
  lay the light from the moon shining in her hair.  
 &quot;Well patty how far are you?&quot; she asked I looked at her puzzled &quot;with
  the pregnancy&quot; she said looking at me &quot;I'm four months already,&quot; she
  said stroking her belly.  
 &quot;I'm two I think I'm not sure" I watched her as she caressed her belly" are
  you giving the baby up?" I asked  
 &quot;I've got no choice, id love to keep it though&quot; I could see I
  had touched a nerve as tears began to well up in her eyes.  
 &quot;I've never thought about it but I have to give mine up too&quot; I
  said  
 &quot;of course you have, if you were keeping it you wouldn't be in this
  dump with the rest of us would you&quot; she said gulping back the tears," they
  sell the babies to rich families who cant have kids of their own, at least
  I know it will be looked after but,&quot; she stopped and the tears began to
  flow freely now, I looked at her I could see she really did want the baby she
  really loved it, I went over to her bed and put my arms around her and squeezed
  her tight trying to comfort her I let my fingers run through her hair and lifted
  her head with my hands like mother used to with me &quot; it will be alright
  its all for the best, it will be loved and cared for and will never want for
  anything i promise&quot; I said to her but the tears carried on flowing steadily
  I pulled my legs up on the bed and lay down with her holding her, I could feel
  her tears soaking through my nightie and moistening my breasts and she buried
  her head deeper into my chest her sobs became more muffled and i lowered my
  head onto hers and kissed her crown.  
 I could feel a strange energy flowing over me and my fanny began to throb
  I couldn't understand this feeling but never the less it was there.  
We must have fallen asleep together and in the morning when the bell rang
  loudly for us to dress for breakfast I was still holding her she looked up
  at me and we stared at each other for a minute then hurriedly dressed for breakfast.  
 Breakfast was nothing special cold porridge but at least it was a good bowel
  full and satisfied my hunger which was better then the measly meal I had had
  here there the night before, I sat at the side of Sarah at breakfast but we
  never said a word as talking was not allowed.  
 It was a hard day scrubbing and cleaning all the laundry and by bed time
  my feet and hands were killing me we were always barefoot in the house which
  I was not used to and I had blisters on my hands which were also cracked and
  swollen, when bedtime came it was such relief as I was so tired and longed
  to talk to Sarah again.  
 We were watched as we undressed this was a humiliating process and I could
  feel the blood rush to my face as I was handed my night shirt but I could help
  but turn to look at Sarah her body looked perfect and there were signs of a
  tiny bump beginning to form on her front, her breasts were perky and medium
  sized just right for her body and her blonde pubic hairs shimmered in the candle
  light. I looked down at my own body my flat stomach and my overly large breasts
  and wondered what it was going to be like watching the bump getting bigger
  and bigger me helpless to stop it.  
 Once the staff had left the room I turned to Sarah she was climbing into
  bed &quot;how does it feel?" I ask &quot;what" she said looking at me puzzled.  
 &quot;Seeing your belly growing, feeling your whole body changing" I asked  
 &quot;You don't really notice it,&quot; she said quite as if she were brushing
  me off the subject.  
 I climbed into my bed as was just closing my eyes when I heard this screaming
  and footsteps coming down the corridor out of curiosity I got out of bed and
  opened the door Sarah got up and followed me.  
 This large heavily pregnant girl was stood in the corridor bending over
  clutching her stomach moaning loudly, the staff door opened and a women appeared &quot;come
  on rose you silly girl you know better than this&quot; mistress shouted at
  her then all of a sudden the girl buckled over again screaming and water started
  gushing from in-between her legs &quot; now look what you've done you stupid
  little slut et back to your bedroom NOW ill send the nurse in&quot; she shouted
  loudly" you, yes you&quot; she said pointing to me I was so scared" get a mop
  and bucket and clean this mess up&quot; she demanded." yes miss&quot; I said
  and scurried off.  
 I had never seen anyone in labor and hadn't a clue what had happened I knew
  she was in labor but didn't know the stages of it and the thought of the screams
  the girl let out horrified me and the callus way in which the sat Had talked
  to her sent shivers down my spine.  
 It was a long night and I never got any sleep the cries of the girl where
  continuous I could here the staff telling her to shut up then just as break
  was dawning she did but no-one left the room Sarah turned to me and said,&quot; bet
  they've gagged her they cant stand loads of noise I once herd from one of the
  others they gag you if you make too much noise". My body shivered at the thought
  of what was happening down the hall and although it had gone quiet I couldn't
  go to sleep with all the thoughts galloping through my mind.  
 After that there was an uneventful couple of weeks then one night as I got
  into bed I noticed Sarah was crying &quot;oh come on darling what's the matter
  I said as I quickly got up and went to her again and held her close she gripped
  me tightly and sobbed into my breast again&quot; I felt it today, I could feel
  my baby move" she was crying continually and i knew there was nothing I could
  say to her and that she would feel the baby move all the time from now on until
  she had given birth to it. I just pulled my legs up and held her tightly then
  she suddenly stopped crying and lifted her head to look at me, I gazed into
  her eyes and watched as the last few tears fell over her cheeks, she pulled
  herself and kissed me, I pulled back out of sheer astonishment,  
 &quot;I'm so sorry, please I'm sorry" she said looking at me her face reddening
  with embarrassment looked at her, the moon lighting her face and showing her
  natural highlights in her blonde hair, I pulled her close to me again and kissed
  her holding her head as I did this and she held mine passionately.  
 I could feel her hands start to wander to my breasts and she cupped them
  in her fingers so gently, rolling her finger ends over my nipples making them
  enlarge with excitement let my hands fall onto her lap then up to her tummy
  rubbing her bump lightly then I let them fall slightly downwards towards her
  vagina she paused in kissing me for a second then she held me tighter and carried
  on as I let my hand slip between her legs, I could feel how wet and wound up
  she was and she moaned quietly as I rolled my fingertips over her clit then
  I slipped my finger inside her right up deep inside, I could feel her throbbing
  walls enclose around my fingers and she lay back to let me get in deeper, as
  she did this she pulled her night shirt up over her head and removed it so
  I did the same we lay there naked letting our fingers roll over each others
  bodies caressing each others breasts and I moved my head down to her sweet
  smelling fanny and sunk my head between her legs letting my tongue tease her
  lips and her clit rolling it round I was turned on by the quiet moans of ecstasy
  she was letting out beneath the pillow she had pulled over her face to smother
  the sound, she lay back cupping her breasts with her hands as I tended to her,
  tasting her, teasing her making her body arch in pure ecstasy, letting my tongue
  slip inside her then my finger still she grabbed the pillow so tightly and
  I could hear her muffled screams of pleasure as she climaxed my fingers inside
  her still I could feel the deep throbbing of her deep inside and a flow of
  liquid as she released her orgasm. She looked at me in the cool light and pulled
  me up on top of her and started to kiss me again the she rolled me over onto
  my back and let all her weight lay over me as she started to kiss my nipples
  teasing them with her tongue and her fingers slowly working their way down
  to my groin I grabbed hold of the pillow and moaned quietly into it, as she
  began to slide her fingers inside me, still nibbling my nipples she began to
  work her fingers inside me first two the three then she twisted her hand around
  and inserted her whole hand inside of me I gripped the pillow tightly and screamed
  into it the sheer pleasure of her hands and her tongue filling my entire being,
  slowly she moved her head down, her hand still deep inside me and lightly licked
  my clitoris letting the tip of her tongue occasionally wander to the entrance
  of my fanny, my whole body started to tingle as waves of excitement flooded
  through me with her hand deep inside me I could myself throbbing and pulsating
  at every move she made then it happened by back arched sporadically my loins
  started to feel like they were on fire but it was a pleasing feeling oh how
  pleasing as waves of ecstasy cascaded throughout my body and I could feel the
  satisfying sensation of my first orgasm as she buried her tongue inside me
  and drank the juices that had been released.  
 She made her way back up my body with a massive smile on her face and we
  both held each other giggling, all the oppression in a place like this yet
  so much pleasure to be had if you found it.  
 The months passed quickly and my belly grew bigger and bigger but so did
  Sarah's she was beginning to look huge and I wasn't far behind her I started
  wondering what was going to happen with us once she had had her baby and was
  taken home would I ever see her again I loved her so much and the nights we
  spent together made up for the harsh cruel treatment of the days even when
  it wasn't sexual as it was getting harder and harder to do, our belies tending
  to get in the way, but we would hold each other and talk for hours about our
  past I learned that she was raped by her boyfriend and that was why she was
  in here, she didn't deserve this I was stupid and gave it away she never did
  she never wanted to have sex with the guy anyway.  
 She would hold me tightly and we would talk about running away together
  although we knew we never could how far would two heavily pregnant girls get
  anyway, but she told me where she lived and I did too, we would laugh telling
  funny stories and cry telling sad ones but from then on we never mentioned
  keeping the babies we knew we would never be able to but I would always know
  when it was on her mind and se would sob for hours sometimes thinking about
  it although we never said it out loud I knew what she was thinking about.  
 I on the other hand couldn't help thinking about losing her when she had
  had the baby, I knew she would leave and I would have to go it alone for the
  last few months the thought filled me with fear that might never see her again.  
 Work in the laundry became too hard for Sarah as she got heavier and heavier
  so she was sent to work in the kitchen with the rest of the heavily pregnant
  girls I missed her terribly all day, I knew we could never talk but to have
  her presence there all day made it that bit more bearable.  
 Then one night the inevitable happened she woke me clutching her stomach
  I ran down the corridor to get the staff" go away you silly girl it will be
  hours yet get me up when she's a little closer I want some sleep so keep her
  quiet if I have to come now I will be mad&quot; she slammed the door in my
  face so I ran to Sarah and tried to make her comfortable.  
 I could see the pain in her eyes but she tried to keep her noise down to
  a minimum as she stood up in the room trying to ease the contractions, she
  couldn't even pace as there was not enough room but as they got more closer
  she let out a loud scream and it wasn't long before the staff where here.  
 &quot;I told you to keep it down in here get on the bed you silly girl" she
  demanded, Sarah struggled down on the bed clutching her stomach as she moaned
  in pain" you girl get into yours too" she said looking at me I did as I was
  told and got into bed watching keenly what they were doing to my beloved Sarah.  
 First they took out a long piece of cloth and tied it around her mouth to
  gag her she moved her head towards me and looked into my eyes pleading but
  there was nothing I could do to help her. Then they forced her legs apart and
  the mistress cruelly rammed her hand inside her as hard as she could I could
  hear Sarah's muffled moans of pain and anguish as the mistress twisted her
  hand round inside her then she pulled her hand out &quot;she's got a long while
  to go yet Sarah tried to get up off the bed again to relieve the pressure,
  she had told me it felt better when she was stood, up she said it made it easier.  
 &quot;and where on earth do you think your going" miss spouted" get back
  on that bed" I tried to explain but was told to shut up and go to sleep, as
  if I could have slept.  
Sarah tried over and over to get up off the bed but she was pulled down until
  the mistress gave up and left the room as soon as she was gone I helped Sarah
  to her feet and rubber her back for her, pulling the gag out of her mouth,
  she thanked me and leaned against the wall as the contractions kept coming.  
 The door burst open and it was the mistress with another staff member and
  they had long lengths of rope, they pulled Sarah's gag back up and proceeded
  to tie her arms to the bed then they arched her legs up knees open and tied
  them open passing the rope under the bed so she couldn't move my heart went
  out to her I could do nothing to aid her situation.  
 The other women left the room and I was told to go to sleep but I couldn't,
  I lay there all night watching her struggle wincing in pain and every now and
  again the mistress cruelly ramming her hand up inside her, I could sense the
  anguish on Sarah's face as she did this and knew it must have made it worse.  
 &quot;Oh stop it if you weren't such a slut it wouldn't be happening&quot; she
  would say as she rammed her hand inside her deeper and harder than ever.  
 The bell went for breakfast and I reluctantly had to dress and leave her
  as got dressed i could see the babies head starting to appear and I looked
  at Sarah and nodded trying to let her know it would be over soon but she was
  in too much pain to notice, I sheepishly left the room.  
 Work that day passed so slowly I wondered how Sarah was doing wondering
  whether she had had the baby or not and wondering what she had had, but mostly
  I was praying for her begging god to let her be alright. When eight finally
  came I couldn't wait to get to our bedroom to see but when I opened the door
  she wasn't there was no trace of her or the baby it was like she had vanished,
  I sunk into bed tears filled my eyes and I sobbed bitterly not knowing if id
  ever know if she was ok.  
 Time passed much more slowly from then on, I was given another room mate
  a new girl she wasn't even showing yet and she would cry every night, but I
  ignored her all I cared about was Sarah.  
 Then one night it was nearly early morning I awoke with cramps all over
  my body centering in my stomach I knew this had to be the time I lay there
  trying to ignore them. When the bell went for breakfast I got dressed went
  to the bathroom then instead of filing downstairs with the others I went back
  to bed and undressed again, the cramps where getting worse by know they felt
  like I was being crushed I stood up but it didn't help so I knelt on my bed
  my arms resting on the wall and waited for each one to come and go. Each time
  the pain getting worse and worse i had expected someone to come and see where
  I was but they didn't as the contractions got more painful I feared I wouldn't
  be able to keep quiet so I took the pillow and buried my head in it like I
  had the night I had first had with Sarah and screamed into it, I was hoping
  to have had it over with by the time bedtime came again but they were coming
  thick and fast my room mate saw me and fetched the staff, the mistress came
  in and laid me on the bed I didn't try to get up as I didn't wish to be tied
  like I had seen Sarah and I didn't wish to be gagged, she left the pillow over
  my face as she cruelly rammed her hand inside of me, it made me scream out
  in pain but I didn't care anymore I could feel the head coming out and that
  was all that mattered to me, as I began to feel the sensation to push ,I looked
  down the pain over powering me but I wanted to see my baby just as the head
  was coming out the mistress took a bag out of her pocket and placed it over
  my head, I screamed out but it muffled the sound and I felt the babies head
  come out followed by the body I lay back in sheer exhaustion, they removed
  the bag but mistress was gone my baby, I could see my roommate crying at the
  thought of what she had seen i just turned my head away and winced as the contractions
  forced the afterbirth out, my baby was gone before it was fully delivered I
  didn't know if it was a boy or girl.  
 I lay my head back in exhaustion and fell asleep when I awoke my mother
  was there she helped me dress I got in the car and we drove home.  
I never mentioned my child, we never spoke of it and I was horrified to learn
  we had moved town to.  
 As of yet I haven't seen Sarah but who knows?  
By  
 littlered  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlered


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





