BDSM Library - Stephanie




Stephanie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A realator who has decieved many people finally gets caught and then turned into a slut, a slave and eventually a pony girl. she gives up everything for a year to avoid being sent to prison and she is subjected to many humiliating experiences.She sat at her desk in the real estate office, going over some papers from
  a recent sale. Everything looked good to her and once again, she got the people
  a loan and sold the house. She made a good commission from it and that just
  added to her fortune.  
Stephanie was a very sexy, beautiful Asian girl of 25 years old. She had
  been to college and earned her degree, then went on to real estate school to
  get her license to sell. She was very well off, since she sold a lot of properties
  and was well liked in her company. She was the company's top producer and had
  just recently got her own private, plush office. She had remodeled the office
  so she was more at home in it than the little cubicles her co-workers had to
  use. Her next step would be to become the vice president of the firm and then,
  work toward taking over the whole company from the old man who founded it.
  She was such a good agent, with a positive reputation. No one suspected her
  of doing anything unethical, even illegal. That is, until a man walked in and
  asked to see her. He said he wanted to buy a large piece of property, which
  had in fact been sold by Stephanie less than 6 months before.  
The receptionist called Stephanie on the paging system and said a man was
  there to see her about this property. He said he would only talk to her and
  if she wasn't available, he would go to another company to make the offer.  
Stephanie heard all of this and jumped up, almost running to the main lobby
  to meet this man. She would do anything to make this sale and all she could
  see were the dollar signs of what she would gain from the sale. She knew just
  how to market the property and also how to fix some documents if needed.  
Stephanie came into the reception area, and introduced herself to the man
  standing there. He said his name was Ron, and that he was very interested in
  a particular estate, the largest currently on the market. Stephanie knew about
  it and said that she could certainly assist in contacting the current owners
  and making an offer. Then she invited him into her new office. She just knew
  that she was going to make this work.  
As they entered the office, she told the receptionist she didn't want to
  be disturbed. That pleased Ron, because he had plans for this cheating little
  bitch. Plans that would make her not only submit to his whims, but plans to
  make her submit to anyone he desired.  
She asked him to have a seat as she got into the computer to bring up the
  property he had mentioned. She wanted to refresh her memory on the details
  of it and find the current value. Her mind was already working on different
  ways to fix the paperwork in her favor in order to make this important sale.  
Ron sat and waited until she had her computer going and knew she had focused
  on the property. Stephanie didn't know it, but he was in fact a private real
  estate fraud investigator. He had known of Stephanie for some time, since she
  was the top agent in the city, and one attractive woman. He had been hired
  by the city's largest bank to analyze all big sales.  
There were few things that a real estate agent could do which would result
  in arrest, prosecution, and jail time in a federal prison. But one of those
  things was to defraud the buyer's lender. In this case, the agent would make
  an agreement with the buyer outside of escrow's knowledge.  
Stephanie had done just this, tempted by a significant kickback from the
  previous buyer. She knew the property was being sold for only $2.5 million,
  but changed the records to let the bank believe it was $3 million. The previous
  buyer got an extra $450,000 to repay some gambling debts, Stephanie got an
  extra $50,000 in her account, and the bank was the victim. No one was the wiser,
  until Ron put two and two together.  
Stephanie said, "OK, Ron, I have it all right here on the computer. I can
  tell you right now it is expensive, but I am sure we can make a deal. The previous
  buyer and I worked very closely on this sale, and for the right price, I am
  sure he will sell it.  
"Yes, I know it is expensive and yes, I can afford it," said Ron. "But the
  question is, Stephanie, can you?"  
She looked at him with a puzzled look, not really sure what he was talking
  about. She asked, "What do you mean, Ron? You are the one wanting to buy it,
  not me. I don't have to be able to afford it."  
Ron laughed and handed her a large envelope. He said, "You'll understand
  when you open this Stephanie!"  
Stephanie wasn't sure what was on his mind nor what was in the envelope,
  but she took it and began to open it. Once it was opened, her eyes grew big
  and she kind of gasped for some air. Her hands began to tremble as she thumbed
  through the documents he had handed her.  
She was speechless. It was all there. He knew. She tried to act confident.  
"I'm sure you and I can come to some agreement on this. Let's you and I split
  the $50,000 and no one will be the wiser."  
Ron said, "I don't think so. My employers pay me well, and they will certainly
  prosecute when this information is given to them. I doubt you will enjoy 5
  to 7 years in prison."  
Stephanie was near panic, but she realized something was being made available. "But
  then why did you come here first? Why not go straight to the bank and hand
  over your information?"  
"Look at the last page."  
The last page was an agreement, that basically said that she would do as
  he wanted, no matter what it was. She didn't really know what he meant by that,
  but was soon to find out. She looked at him with a puzzled stare and asked, "Just
  what does this mean?"  
Ron grinned and said, "It means just what it says, Stephanie. You will belong
  to me and do everything I say without question. It won't matter what I ask
  for, you'll do it."  
Stephanie's mouth dropped open. "But what does that mean? Everything? You
  mean sex? What is everything?"  
It was Ron's turn to laugh. He repeated himself. "Everything means everything."  
She looked back at the documents in her hand and knew that if her boss or
  the authorities ever found out what she had done, she would definitely be in
  jail for a long time. And then she wouldn't have a job or anything. She would
  lose her life style and everything she had worked so hard to get.  
"So," she said, "you expect me to do anything you want without question."  
"Yes."  
"For how long?"  
"One year."  
"What about my job?"  
"Take a leave of absence."  
"Are you going to ask me to sell my house?"  
"Anything is possible. In one year you will get your life back. You may not
  have many possessions at that time, but you will have your life. One year is
  a lot better than 5 to 7, I am sure you will agree."  
"Can I think it over?"  
"Sure. I will give you another 5 minutes."  
"Five minutes! But I need time to think about this!"  
"And time to plan an escape from the country. I know you have family back
  in Thailand. You could disappear into Thai society, enjoy a year or two vacation,
  get new documents, and be back in the U. S. with a different name in no time.
  No. Here is a pen. Sign it now, or I go straight to the federal authorities
  and this time tomorrow you will be in jail," Ron asserted, and handed her a
  pen.  
Stephanie knew she had no choice. As she began to sign her name, she paused
  one more time. She looked at him with tears in her eyes, knowing that a horrible
  darkness had just descended over her.  
And she finished signing her name, handed Ron the documents, and slumped
  back in her chair.  
"Fine," he said. "Now, I suggest you type your letter for request of leave
  of absence, turn it in before leaving today, making any excuse you wish. Perhaps
  a sick parent in Thailand, or something like that. Now, hand me the key to
  your house. I will be there at 6. Be sure you are there. Obey all my orders
  or these documents will be immediately delivered to the police."  
"But&hellip;" There was no point in arguing. she had a spare under the back
  door mat, anyway. she nodded her head in understanding. One year, one year,
  one year ran through her mind.  
she wrote her letter, requesting a leave of absence. she couldn't think of
  anything better than a sick parent, so she included that as her reason. she
  gathered her personal items, and made a list of things that her secretary needed
  to complete for certain deals currently in progress. she moved around her office
  in a state of shock.  
Within an hour the shock had begun to wear off. she began to think of ways
  to protect her future. One year of sex was not the end of the world. The sale
  of her house could not be avoided, but she decided to transfer a significant
  portion of her accounts to a new bank, so that when a year was up, she would
  have money to restart her life.  
she walked into the manager's office and tearfully explained her situation.
  The tears and sorrow were real; the reason for the tears was not. But the manager
  was compassionate and hugged her as they departed. He said he hoped things
  would work out and that she would be back with them soon. she thanked him and
  left the office without speaking to anyone else.  
The rest of the afternoon was spent opening a new account of $200,000 at
  a bank across town. she made arrangements that no monthly statements would
  be mailed, so even if Ron saw her mail, he would not have any idea that this
  account existed.  
she placed some of her most important items, like jewelry and stock certificates
  in a safety deposit box in the new bank. she thought about ways to save her
  car and house, but she could not think of any solution.  
she got home about 5, took a warm shower, dressed in a relaxed way, with
  an attractive blouse, jeans and sandals. she turned on the TV, but could not
  concentrate. she was not hungry. she just paced around the house. she sent
  out a mass email to everyone in her address book, explaining that she would
  be gone for up to a year and the reason for it. her parents needed her.  
her stomach was in knots. The tears flowed easily. The clocked approached
  6:00.  
The clock said it was now 6:00 pm and she still waited. He didn't show up.
  Maybe it was just a hoax someone was playing on her. But those documents were
  real and she was sure it was all real.  
About 10 minutes later the door opened. she knew is would be Ron. she just
  stared at him with hatred as he walked into the living room.  
"Hello, slut. Aren't you going to welcome me into our home?"  
"Our home!" she shouted. "What do you mean our home. It's mine!"  
&quot;OH, but you are wrong, slut!&quot; Ron answered back. &quot;I guess
  you didn't read the fine print on your contract with me. It says that I now
  own half of everything you own and that includes this house.&quot;  
Stephanie grabbed the contract and began looking at it. At the bottom of
  the page in very small print, it said just that. she knew that she would be
  in big trouble now and may never get away from him. Maybe she should just go
  to jail and get it over with. But she quickly changed her mind, thinking of
  all the bad things that happen in jail.  
She said, &quot;Ok, so I didn't read it.&quot;  
&quot;Good girl&quot;, Ron said, &quot;now I think you need to change those
  clothes. I brought what you are going to wear tonight.&quot;  
He tossed her a bag and it wasn't very big either. She looked inside to see
  what it was and she thought she was going to faint. There was nothing but a
  pair of short denim shorts, that zippered up both sides of her legs and a skimpy
  tube top, which wouldn't cover very much of her little breasts. Finally, there
  were a pair a high-heeled, platform shoes, with clear plastic heals.  
&quot;I can't wear these out,&quot; she screamed. &quot;You must think I'm
  crazy if you think you can make me wear them!&quot;  
&quot;NO, I don't think your crazy, but you will either wear them or nothing
  at all. your choice, slut!&quot;  
&quot;Don't call me that! I'm not a slut for you or anyone else!" shouted
  stephanie. she was trying to stand her ground, but shaking inside.  
&quot;Well, I guess I'll leave then and go to the police!&quot; Ron said
  as he started towards the door.  
&quot;No, wait, i'll wear them and you can call me a slut if you want.&quot;  
&quot;Good, now get dressed!" he ordered.  
stephanie took the clothes and started for her bedroom. She would wear them
  for now, but not for long. she would find a way to get out of this soon.  
&quot;Wait just a moment slut, I said to change into your clothes. I expect
  you to do it right here, right now!&quot;  
&quot;i was going to my bedroom to change. i won't run away.&quot;  
&quot;No, here and now. Hurry up, we have an appointment to make!&quot;  
She just stared at him and was about to tell him no, until she thought again
  about prison. Slowly she stripped off her clothes and left her panties and
  bra on. Then she started to put the new clothes on. But he stopped her again.  
&quot;Take the panties and bra off, too. You won't need them anymore. We
  are going to dispose of all your fancy lingerie very soon, but right now we
  have to hurry. Now strip, bitch!&quot; Ron ordered.  
Reluctantly, she unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. she didn't
  even try to cover her tiny breasts. Then she reached down and began to pull
  off her panties. she got them below her pubic hair and then to her knees. she
  held her legs together and they fell to the floor and she stepped out of them.
  Then she quickly grabbed the shorts he had given her and started to put them
  on.  
&quot;Hold on,&quot; he said, stopping her one more time. &quot; Spread your
  legs and let me take a look."  
she stared at him in disbelief, but did as he said.  
"I don't like that pussy hair. Go into the bathroom and shave it off. But
  leave the door open!&quot;  
Once again she started to tell him to fuck off, but thought better of it.
  she realized that for the moment, he held all the cards. she was his for one
  year and would do as he said to get through it, or until she could think of
  a way out. Dropping the shorts, she went to the bathroom. He followed a few
  moments later and she was sitting on the edge of the tub applying a shaving
  gel to her pussy.  
Looking up at him, she said, &quot;can't i at least do it in private?&quot;  
&quot;No, you won't do anything in private any more. you will do everything
  in front of me or anyone I say. I may only own half the house and half the
  car, but for one year, I own all of you.&quot; His eyes bore into her soul
  as he spoke. she shuddered and lowered her gaze.  
stephanie picked up the razor and was going to shave her little bush off.
  But once again she was stopped.  
&quot;Better yet, I will shave you and make sure it is as smooth as a new
  born baby's ass,&quot; said Ron.  
&quot;No fucking way!&quot; she yelled at him. He was going too far, now.  
Ron stepped toward her and she was ready to fight. stephanie wasn't used
  to being told what to do but instead she told people what to do. she raised
  her hand with the razor, as if to hit Ron, but he grabbed it and twisted it
  around behind her back. Then he grabbed her other hand and did the same. He
  had the cuffs out of his pocket and onto her wrists before she realized what
  had happened.  
&quot;Now, that should keep you still, slut!&quot; he laughed.  
&quot;No, you can't do this to me. i won't let you do it!&quot; she cried.  
&quot;Such a mouth you have,&quot; Ron said as he walked back into the living
  room and picked up her moist panties. He smelled the crotch and decided that
  the little cunt was really liking this. He could smell her sex in them and
  knew she had been leaking while she waited for him.  
Walking back into the bathroom he saw stephanie was struggling trying to
  get free from the cuffs. When she saw him walk back in, she stopped. she acted
  like a little girl with her hand in the cookie jar.  
Ron walked over to her and said, &quot;Open your mouth!&quot;  
&quot;I will not!&quot; she yelled at him, but that's all it took. He grabbed
  her jaw, making a small opening in her mouth, and pushed the panties, crotch
  first, continuing to push until she had all of it inside.  
&quot;mmmmmppppphhhhh,&quot; was all she could get out.  
&quot;Now, let's begin,&quot; he said, as he picked up the razor she had
  dropped. &quot;If you move, I might cut something very precious to you&hellip;and
  me!&quot;  
He reached down and grasped a pussy lip, pulling it out a bit and giving
  it a slight twist. stephanie moaned behind her gag.  
He pulled her lips apart and out. &quot;Mmmmmm, looks like they will hold
  some rings real nice,&quot;  
&quot;mmmmmmppphhhhhhh,&quot; she tried to speak but couldn't and her head
  was shaking back and forth trying to tell him no.  
He flicked her swollen clit to make his point.  
Then he stuck a finger in her cunt and started shaving her pussy hair with
  his other hand. He used her pussy to control her and she was too scared to
  move.  
Ron took his time to make sure he didn't nick his money-making machine and
  when he was finished, he rubbed lotion all over her pubic area. But he continued
  playing with her pussy.  
When he was finished with her pussy he also played with her nipples, making
  them stand out. &quot;And some nice rings here, too,&quot; he chuckled.  
Then he uncuffed her hands with a warning that if she tried anything he would
  hurt her badly.  
&quot;OK, get dressed so we can leave!&quot; he ordered her.  
stephanie walked naked back to the living room, grabbed the shorts and top
  and put them on. she noticed the shorts were a little small and hugged her
  crotch really tight, rubbing against her pussy lips as she moved. The top was
  also small and barely covered her little tits. she wobbled slightly on the
  high-heels.  
Once she was dressed, he pulled the panties from her mouth with another warning. &quot;Say
  anything out of the way and you'll be sorry!&quot;  
"Here, prop this on your head," as he handed her her sunglasses.  
&quot;Where are we going?&quot; she questioned as they walked out the door.  
"you need to expand your horizons," was all he said.  
steph2  
He pulled out of the driveway and headed west, towards the interstate. she
  sat with her hands clasped on her lap, looking straight ahead. The setting
  sun was bright, so she pulled on her sunglasses.  
He looked over at her, knowing she was intentionally ignoring him. That wouldn't
  do.  
"Relax."  
"How can i relax? In the last few hours you have taken over my life. Everything," she
  turned to look at him.  
"Nobody's fault but your own. you should be thanking me for keeping you out
  of prison. In fact, you should be so grateful that you would happily do anything
  to show your appreciation. you are thankful, aren't you?" he smiled, somewhat
  sarcastically.  
she just ignored him. His smile vanished.  
They had been driving on the interstate only a few minutes, when he pulled
  over to a rest area. A large truck was at the other end of the area, the driver
  undoubtedly sleeping. "Get out. Get out, now," he ordered.  
"Follow me," as he headed in the direction of the picnic tables, in a wooded
  area.  
Reluctantly, stephanie followed him. They arrived at a table, concealed by
  woods and he ordered her onto the table. &quot;Stand up straight slut so I
  can see you&quot; he said.  
she got on the table and stood straight. she had alittle grin on her face,
  thinking that if this is all he wants, no problem.  
Then he said to her, &quot;Ok, slut, let me see how well you can strip!&quot;  
&quot;BBBBBuuuutttt, we are out in public, i can't do that!&quot;  
&quot;You either strip now, or you'll strip in a wide open area!  
stephanie thought about what he said and decided it wouldn't be so bad to
  strip here where she was at least hidden from view. she took her time, putting
  on a good show for him. she figured that if she did good, they would leave
  and then the worst that would happen is that he would fuck her.  
Ron stood back and watched as she removed her blouse, showing her tiny tits.
  Then she unzipped the side of her shorts, putting on quite a show. Then she
  went to the other zipper and pulled it down. she let her shorts fall on the
  table with her blouse. She stood naked before Ron, but didn't expect anyone
  else to see her.  
Just as she dropped her shorts, she heard, &quot;Alright, I like that!&quot;  
stephanie tried to cover herself with her hands, but Ron said, &quot;Put
  your hands at your side slut and let's see all of you!&quot;  
&quot;NO,&quot; she yelled and tried to grab for her clothes.  
The truck driver had woke up and was watching the show. He was walking to
  the public toilets when he heard the conversation. He had never been so lucky!
  Waking up and finding a hot chick stripping before his eyes.  
Ron took her clothes and said, &quot;Are you telling me 'No', slut?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, i am. I don't want everyone to see me. You have seen me, but not
  him.&quot;  
&quot;Well, maybe he would like a closer look at your hot little body. How
  about it guy, want to get closer?&quot;  
&quot;Sure,&quot; said the trucker as he came up along side Ron. &quot;Looks
  good to me. Does she fuck?&quot;  
&quot;No, not right now. But maybe she'll suck you off!&quot; said Ron with
  a big grin.  
stephanie couldn't believe what she had just heard. He was telling someone
  they didn't even know she would suck him. she glanced down at the huge bulge
  in the man's pants. He was unzipping and pulling out his cock. To her, it looked
  huge and nasty.  
Ron snapped her out of her thoughts. &quot;Get down there, slut, and suck
  this nice man off. He looks like he needs some relief.&quot;  
&quot;I won't do it!&quot; she yelled.  
Ron grabbed her by the arm and pulled her off the table and with one swift
  movement, she was bent over and he slapped her hard across her naked ass. she
  tried to put her hands behind her to stop the sting, but Ron held her tight
  and administered several more stinging swats to her upturned ass.  
stephanie was crying and blurted out, &quot;Ooookkkkk, i i i i'll do it!&quot;  
&quot;That's better, now get on your knees and make the man feel better.
  I think you hurt his feelings by telling him no. Go ahead, slut, suck him!&quot;  
she opened her mouth and surrounded his cock. she moved her lips slightly
  and tried to keep her tongue in the side of her mouth.  
"Not very good, if you ask me," complained the trucker.  
"Hm," said Ron, and he leveled another powerful swat on stephanie's upturned
  ass. she opened her mouth to yelp and began to rise. "If you can't please this
  guy in the next two minutes, I am leaving you here naked and driving straight
  to the D.A.'s office."  
stephanie had lost control of the situation and there was no choice. she
  diligently and energetically sucked the trucker and caressed his cock with
  her tongue. When he came, she swallowed it all and dutifully licked his cock
  clean.  
"Oh, that was good. Should be able to drive another 600 miles on the memory
  alone," he laughed, as he pulled on his pants. "Thanks a bunch, guy, and you
  too, little girlie," and he ambled away back to the truck.  
stephanie looked at Ron for some words of praise or encouragement. He just
  tossed her her clothes and headed back for the car. she quickly dressed and
  returned to the car. her ass was sore from the spankings, but she didn't want
  to let on, so she sat down in the front seat quickly, without a word or grimace.  
He was about to start the car when he stopped, removed his hand from the
  key, and turned to look at her. "you have a sassy mouth, and it ends now. you
  now live to please me, not yourself. Every time you talk back, every time you
  fail to answer one of my questions, every time your answer is sarcastic or
  displeasing, you will be punished. I don't care if we are in the middle of
  a crowded mall, or walking down the street, or in a restaurant. Is that clear,
  slut?"  
With only a slight hesitation, "Yes, Sir." There was no point in arguing
  now. her red ass was painful enough, and maybe it wouldn't be so bad, after
  all. He could have allowed her to be raped by the trucker, but he didn't. And
  he could have raped her, and he hadn't. Maybe he was unable to hold an erection,
  she thought with a smile. If all she had to do was swallow some cum here and
  there, it wouldn't be so bad.  
"Hmmm. We'll see if you understand, cunt," and they headed back onto the
  interstate.  
They drove for another 45 minutes. "We're almost here. I want you to play
  with yourself. Tease your nipples with one hand and your cunt with the other."  
stephanie just stared for a moment, but a mean look sent her into action.
  she reached under her top and into her tight shorts, and began to lightly brush
  her nipples and pussy lips. Ron saw that she was making a weak effort. "If
  that is the best you can do, we can look for another trucker."  
she immediately picked up the pace, and within moments was breathing more
  deeply and was lost in her private world. she often played with herself at
  home, and knew she could bring herself off if she wanted to.  
"Stop, we're here."  
Startled, by his words, stephanie looked up. They were at the bank she had
  just put the extra money in. Her heart raced, but her hands stayed on her nipple
  and wet pussy.  
&quot;Ok slut, we need to take care of some business. Follow me!&quot;  
They got out of the car and she followed Ron into the bank. They were greeted
  at the door by the man she had done business with earlier, trying to make sure
  she had some funds left when her year was up.  
&quot;Oh, back so soon. How you doing, Ron?&quot;  
stephanie was scared now. They knew each other, but she didn't say anything.
  Maybe Ron had an account here too. she couldn't let on that she had hid the
  money here.  
&quot;We have a little business to take care of John. Can we go to your office?&quot;  
Ron and stephanie followed the other man into his office. Ron shut the door
  behind them and sat down. stephanie started to sit also, but was stopped.  
&quot;sluts don't sit! They kneel! Now, get down where you belong!&quot;  
stephanie, afraid of getting her ass spanked again, followed his instructions.
  Kneeling before Ron she held her head down in shame. she had just done some
  business with John and now she was kneeling in the very office she had been
  in earlier.  
&quot;John, I need to withdraw some money, say about $25,000.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, Which account would you like to take it from Ron?&quot;  
&quot;The one she just set up, of course!&quot;  
&quot;NO, you can't do that! i won't sign the withdrawal slip. That's my
  money!&quot; stephanie was in tears, knowing that somehow he had found out
  about that money.  
&quot;There you go again slut, telling me no. Stand up and take your shorts
  off. You have to learn! And besides, half of what you have is mine, remember.&quot;  
&quot;Pppplease Sir, not here.&quot; stephanie was trying to avoid more humiliation,
  but as she begged him not to make her do it, she was sliding her shorts down.
  What had made her do that, she wondered.  
&quot;That's a good slut!&quot; said Ron, as she pulled them down her legs
  and off her feet. Ron chuckled at her, knowing she was doing the opposite of
  what she didn't want to do.  
&quot;Now, bend over and grab your ankles, slut!&quot;  
&quot;Ssssiiiir, i i i 'll sign it, please don't spank me!&quot;  
&quot;Ok, that's better. Now, I'm going to give you a choice. you either
  get spanked again, suck off John, or go to jail!&quot;  
&quot;Uuuuuhhhhhh, i i i i will suck, sir!&quot; cried the little asian girl,
  but not really wanting to do any of it.  
&quot;Good choice, slut, get over beside his desk and get his cock out!&quot;  
stephanie started to stand up to walk over to John the banker, but was immediately
  stopped.  
&quot;sluts crawl! they don't walk! On your hands and knees slut and shake
  that cute little ass for me!&quot;  
she cried as she crawled like a dog to the side of the desk. she knew she
  had to do this, but hated it. she just stayed there on her hands and kness,
  until&hellip;  
&quot;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK&quot; three sharp slaps to her naked ass. she jumped
  and started to turn toward Ron.  
&quot;I told you no hesitation, slut, get his cock out and suck it. NOW!&quot;  
shaking, she reached up to John's zipper and pulled it down. Then she pulled
  his hardening cock out of his pants. Before she put it in her mouth she saw
  the size of it. His cock was at least 10&quot; long and almost as thick as
  her wrist. How could she suck that?  
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Ron's hand rise again. she immediately
  took the huge cock into her mouth and began sucking it.  
&quot;Take it all slut! I want to see your throat expand and your nose in
  his crotch hair.&quot;  
stephanie tried to do as she was told, but was starting to gag from the huge
  cock sliding down her throat. Ron pushed her head down onto it and it went
  deeper into her throat. she was gagging and thought she would vomit. But Ron
  kept pushing her head as John pushed his dick into her mouth and down her throat.  
she was sucking for all she was worth. she figured if she could get him off,
  the torture on her throat would quit.  
John took her by the ears and started to face fuck her. she felt his hair
  tickling her nose and could feel him so deep into her throat it felt like it
  was into her belly. He sawed back and forth into her mouth, driving in deep
  and hard. she was doing all she could to get him to stop, but the assault continued.  
Then suddenly, she felt his cock get bigger and he pulled almost all of the
  way out. He started shooting his cum into her mouth before he slammed into
  her throat one last time. He kept cumming and cumming. she choked on the massive
  amount of cum he was giving her and some dribbled down her chin and onto her
  blouse.  
Finally he pulled out and she just sat knelt there out of breath and full
  of cum. she started to wipe the rest from the corners of her mouth but was
  stopped.  
&quot;No, just leave it there. sluts have to learn that they must always
  swallow every drop and since you didn't, you will keep it on your face as a
  reminder.  
&quot;Now, let's finish up with the business so we can continue our journey
  for today. Sign the withdrawal slip, slut, and then sign this sheet saying
  that this account is in my name, too.&quot;  
Not wanting anything else to happen to her, she quickly signed the papers.
  John went to get the money for them. Ron told her to get dressed and get ready
  to go shopping for some new outfits.  
stephanie was taken back to the car, the transactions made and Ron had $25,000
  in his pocket.  
Ron started the car and looked at the little asian slut beside him.  
&quot;OK, slut, once again, play with the cunt and tits while we drive. DO
  NOT CUM!&quot;  
stephanie put her hands into her pants and blouse and started stroking. she
  was afraid to do anything else. After all she had been through today, she wasn't
  sure just how far this guy would go with her.  
They drove in silence for awhile and then Ron pulled into a small strip mall. &quot;Ok,
  slut, we are here. Get out!&quot;  
stephanie looked up from her playing and noticed they had parked in front
  of a pet store. she wondered what would happen here and why a pet store. But
  she got out of the car and walked behind Ron into the store.  
Ron went straight to the collars and said, &quot;Ok, now we are going to
  get you a collar, leash and a few other items. You had better be on your best
  behavior or else!&quot;  
sterphanie just stood with a puzzled look on her face. The thoughts that
  ran through her mind were not pleasant, but she was afraid to say anything.
  The &quot;OR ELSE&quot; bothered her as she thought back to the spanking she
  received earlier and the warning Ron had given her about being spanked no matter
  where they were.  
Ron picked out a few collars and told stephanie to try them on.  
&quot;I will not!&quot; she stated and felt she was going to stand her ground
  this time. It was humiliating enough with the trucker and the banker, but this
  was going too far.  
Ron's reaction was so swift, she had no time to react. He grabbed her long
  black hair and pulled her down at the waist. He administered three swift swats
  to her ass. While the pants cushioned some of the blow, she nearly cried out.  
He jerked up straight up by the hair. &quot;Did you tell me NO again, slut?&quot;  
she gasped in pain and humiliation. No one was in the aisle that she could
  see, but she was sure Ron would have spanked her no matter who was looking. "No,
  Sir," she begged. "i will try them on!"  
Ron released her hair. "On second thought, you don't deserve such a nice
  collar. Follow me," he ordered, and walked towards the front of the store.
  He turned right once he reached the sidewalk, with stephanie following close
  behind.  
They entered a hardware store and Ron walked up to the front counter, finding
  the directions for the rope. stephanie followed him down the aisles, eventually
  stopping in front of several spools of various ropes. Ron used the sharp edge
  of the spool to cut off a section of about 8 feet of thick hemp rope.  
"Stand up straight, slut, and pull back your hair." she obeyed him immediately,
  and before she knew it, he was knotting the quarter-inch thick rope around
  her neck. she felt the lose strands tickle and pierce her skin, as he tied
  a knot giving her only a small amount of slack around her throat. He never
  said a word, and she looked downward, afraid he would see the fear and humiliation
  in her eyes.  
"One day you will beg me for a nice collar like I tried to get you next door.
  Let's go," he ordered, pulling her towards the front of the store.  
steph 3  
"Where are you taking me?" questioned stephanie.  
"To my ranch, but a few more stops first slut!" Ron exclaimed.  
They rode in silence for a while, steph sitting there with the rope collar
  around her neck. It scratched her delicate skin, but she was afraid to move
  it or even ask to have it removed. she hated this man and she didn't know what
  else he might do if she questioned him. she was afraid now.  
Suddenly, Ron pulled off the road into a vacant parking area. He got out
  and opened the trunk of the car and stepped to her side of the car.  
"Get out cunt!" he ordered as he opened the door.  
she fumbled some, but got out and stood looking at him. she looked cute with
  the rope collar on, he thought  
"Please, please let me go. you can have everything, just let me go. i'll
  move away and won't even try to sell real estate again. Please," she begged.  
"Not a chance, slut. One year is what your contract says and it's going to
  be one year," Ron stated. "Strip, cunt!"  
"Bbbbuutt, sir, we are outside. Someone could see me." steph was begging
  now.  
"STRIP!" he ordered again, slapping her hard across the face. "NOW!"  
stephanie was crying, but began to remove her clothes. she took everything
  but her shoes off and he pointed to them, saying, "Those too, cunt"  
she bent to take them off. she was now totally naked and shivering from embarrassment.  
"Put everything in the trunk and get back up front by the door," Ron ordered.  
she put her clothes in the trunk. she thought to herself, "now i can't even
  try to run. i can't go running around naked like this and besides, where am
  i. i don't know where we are."  
Getting back to the door, he put a blindfold on her, covering her eyes and
  then helped her in the car. But before closing the door, he pulled her hands
  toward her back and tied them behind the bucket seat. She couldn't even move
  now and couldn't cover her nakedness.  
Next he positioned her legs so she was spread open. her cunt in plain view
  and he said. "Don't move from that position, or you'll pay."  
He shut her door and went to his side. Getting in, he started the car and
  drove away. she had no idea where he was taking her, but she didn't like it.
  she wouldn't know where she was nor how she got there.  
They rode in silence again. stephanie was afraid to move. she knew he would
  spank her or worse if she did. she sat there naked, legs spread wide, her cunt
  open and exposed. He reached over as he drove and played with her cunt, rubbing
  her clit and sticking his fingers in her. she was getting hot. she didn't know
  why she was enjoying this, but her cunt was juicing and running from her cunt
  onto the seat.  
They drove a little farther and then she felt the car slowing down. He turned
  onto a side road and then into a parking lot and stopped. stephanie heard him
  get out of the car, but he didn't come to her side. she sat there terrified,
  not knowing where she was or what would happen next.  
About 10 minutes later, her door opened. It startled her and she jumped,
  closing her legs. Ron laughed and said, "Sorry I scared you slut, now let's
  get you out. Spread those legs," he added, slapping her thigh.  
He unhooked her hands and helped her out of the car. she stood outside, not
  knowing who else might be there. she didn't hear the car door shut and wondered
  what was next.  
"Look at that mess on my seat!" yelled Ron. "your slutty little cunt leaked
  all over my seat. Now, it will have to be cleaned."  
stephanie was afraid to say or do anything. she just stood still, naked and
  chilled by the light wind that was blowing. she shivered from the cool air
  and nervousness from what was happening to her. Why did she ever do those things
  to get ahead?  
"On your knees cunt and lick that mess up!"ordered her tormentor.  
Ron took the hemp rope that was still around her neck and forced her to her
  knees. The pavement was hard on her knees and she knew they got scraped when
  he forced her down. Then, he pushed her head down and she made contact with
  the seat of the car.  
"Lick it up Bitch!" he ordered.  
she was afraid to do anything but what he said, so she started licking, tasting
  her own cunt juice. stephanie had never eaten pussy before, and as she tasted
  her juice, she thought, "it isn't too bad."  
Once he was satisfied his seat was clean, he pulled her to her feet by the
  rope. she choked and gagged as the rope tightened around her throat. she moved
  quickly to get up so she could breath again.  
"Now just follow me. I am going to lead you and you will follow. I will not
  stop for anything, so you had better keep up and don't fall down. I would hate
  to have your precious body all scratched up if I have to drag you."  
With that, she felt the rope pulling her. she quickly started moving, afraid
  if she hesitated or fell, she would be in a lot of pain. They walked through
  the parking lot and suddenly they were on gravel. her feet hurt as soon as
  she stepped on the little stones, and she stubbed her toes as she walked. But
  she kept up the pace and followed him.  
He stopped suddenly and she bumped into him. He chuckled, knowing she couldn't
  tell when he would stop or go or where she was. A door opened and another male
  voice said, "Hello Ron, come on in. I see you have another one to tame."  
"Thank you, Eric. Yes, this little one's name is stephanie and she will be
  tamed and trained to my specification. I hope you'll be willing to help with
  her."  
"Yes, I have some free time and will assist you with her. Let's get her in
  here, so we can take the measurements for her new outfit."  
Ron tugged on the rope and led stephanie into a dark hallway. Of course,
  she had no idea it was dark, because right now, everything was dark to her.
  They walked down the hallway to an open room and then went inside. Ron told
  her to stand still and they would position her in various ways so the measurements
  could be taken.  
she felt hands on her naked body and felt a tape going around her. It was
  around her neck, her head, her waist, her tits, up her legs, her arms, around
  her ass and then she felt her legs being pushed apart.  
A finger slid into her cunt and grabbed her lips. They stretched her lips
  as far as they would go and she gasped as they were pulled farther out. They
  stretched her cunt lips to the limit and then a little more.  
"Very good," said the voice of the one Ron called Eric. "These lips will
  make a great showing once you get them pierced."  
stephanie tried to say something, but couldn't. As soon as her mouth opened,
  a ball gag was pushed into it and strapped to her head. now she couldn't see
  and couldn't talk either. she began to cry at the thought of being used and
  especially the thought of someone putting holes in her cunt lips.  
But her thoughts were interrupted when someone started rubbing her swollen
  clit. she started wiggling around because it was making her hot. But she didn't
  wiggle for long. A loud SLAP on her naked ass with a warning to stand still
  made her stiff. The rubbing of her clit continued and then, a pain shot through
  her. A small clamp had been placed at the very tip of her clit and it hurt
  so much. Then, it was pulled out. she felt her clit growing and being pulled
  from under the hood. Whoever was pulling on it wouldn't stop. They just kept
  pulling and she thought they would pull it all the way off.  
Then she felt something cold on her clit and it was pushed into her at the
  very base of her clit. her clit was stretched and this cold object was pushing
  into her. she hurt so much, and tears fell from under the blindfold.  
Then everything stopped. her clit was released and she was led someplace
  else and picked up. she was placed on a cold table and her feet were placed
  into stirrups. It reminded her of when she went for her annual exam and the
  doctor had her in this position to check her vagina.  
she was left alone for awhile. she heard the voices again. One was Ron's
  and the other was this guy Eric.  
Eric said, "Yes, I do believe we can fix what you need. she has some very
  interesting measurements, Ron. Would you like to hear them?"  
"Yes, please do tell me. And give me a copy of them, so I can have them for
  later use in case I can't find you."  
&quot;Ok,&quot; said Eric, &quot;here they are. Her cunt lips are about 1
  and 1/2&quot;, her clit is only 1/2&quot; and her cunt will open up to take
  2 1/2&quot;. But I can see she can open up much more if needed. Now her asshole
  can only take about 3/4&quot; and she can deep throat a 8&quot; dildo. But
  if you want more for her, it can be done. Now she is able to take 9&quot; into
  her cunt right now, but I am sure she can take more if we pushed it.&quot;  
&quot;MMMMM,&quot; said Ron, &quot;I think we will need to work on some of
  the areas, but in time, not right now.&quot;  
stephanie just stood mortified by the way they talked and she was really
  scared now. she didn't know what was going to happen next. After all, she was
  naked and couldn't see anything that was going on. she just wanted to get away
  and start everything over again.  
The two men continued to talk without even asking her anything. But they
  talked about her as if she was just a piece of meat and she was so embarrassed
  about all of it. However, the talk she heard made her wet and she was juicing
  a lot from it. stephanie didn't know why her pussy got so wet, but it did.  
Then she heard Ron say, &quot;Well Eric, it looks like you have done a great
  job for me. How would you like a good blow job from this slutty little bitch?&quot;  
&quot;Sure, I can always use a good little cocksucker to relieve the tension
  in my balls.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, slut, on your knees and suck my friend!&quot; Ron ordered, as he
  removed her gag. "And don't say a word, either."  
stephanie didn't move until, &quot;SLAP, SLAP, SLAP,&quot; on her naked ass.
  Then she got on her knees and as soon as she was down, she felt the head of
  Eric's cock enter her mouth and it was big. she really had to stretch her jaws
  to take him, but she couldn't refuse because he drove it into her mouth as
  if it was a pussy.  
Eric fucked her mouth and used her like a whore. she couldn't do much to
  stop it, but she wanted it to end. He took her by the hair and fucked her hard
  and deep and finally he shot his load of cum down her throat. stephanie had
  a hard time taking it all and some dribbled out from the corners of her mouth.
  she was gagging, and choking on the huge load he gave her, but he didn't quit.
  Eric just continued to cum and she was doing her best to take it all. she didn't
  want to be spanked again and did her best.  
Once he finished, he pulled out of her mouth and said,&quot; Wow, Ron, that
  was some fuck! I haven't had a blow job like that since you brought that other
  slut, amy, to me.&quot;  
&quot;Well," said Ron, &quot; I guess we need to either get more sluts or
  I'll bring the two of them back to you for some more fun&quot;  
Eric laughed and said, &quot;How is amy doing now? Is she still the shy little
  bitch she used to be?  
&quot;No, she has done a wonderful job. You wouldn't believe how she has
  become a favorite at the ranch. she actually pulls the carts around with the
  best of them. she is one of the best pony girls I've ever had. But, in time
  I think this slut might out do her. I will let amy or maybe the other cunt
  wen wei help with the training.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, cunt, time to go, follow me.&quot;  
stephanie didn't have much choice as Ron pulled on her lead rope and she
  had to follow. she still didn't have any idea where she was or where she was
  going because she was blindfolded. she had not seen the man who had just took
  all her measurements nor the cock she had sucked.  
she followed Ron without hesitation, because she had no other choice and
  once they were outside, her feet hurt from the gravel she had to walk on, but
  she was afraid to say anything. she just walked along behind this horrible
  man and did as she was told. stephanie had no idea who else might see her,
  but right about now she really didn't care.  
They got back to the car and he had her get in, and spread her legs like
  before, making sure her cunt was well seen. He also tied her hands behind the
  seat like he did before and told her not to move. In this position, her tits
  were prominently on display. stephanie was so scared, she did everything she
  was told and kept her legs wide apart, never knowing who may see her. she wasn't
  really afraid of people seeing her little tits, but she didn't want them seeing
  her cunt. she knew, however, that she had no choice at this time.  
she sat in silence as Ron got in and drove away. He played with her cunt
  as they drove, but she was determined not to deny him anything he wanted. she
  was really wet with her juices and she knew the seat would be soaked whenever
  they reached their destination.  
They drove another 45 minutes and then she felt the car slow down again.
  Suddenly it stopped and she was once again wondering what would happen next.
  she heard Ron open his door and then her door opened.  
&quot;Get out, cunt.&quot;  
she quickly got out and followed Ron as he lead her once again through some
  gravel and then grass. she still had no idea where she was, but knew if she
  didn't do what she was told, her ass or face would be slapped.  
stephanie heard some voices and knew this time it was female. she heard Ron
  say that he wanted something pierced and she was afraid because she was going
  to get her cunt lips pierced. At least that's what Ron said.  
stephanie was led inside another building, but with a blindfold on, she had
  no idea where it was. she was told to sit and open her legs. she hesitated
  until she was slapped on her thighs and she immediately opened her legs after
  that.  
The next thing she felt was someone pulling on her cunt lips. They stretched
  the lips out and said, &quot;ok, not a problem, but she has some small ones,
  so it might take some time.&quot;  
&quot;That's ok, take all the time you want,&quot; she heard Ron reply. her
  cunt lips were pulled out as far as they would go and the female voice said, &quot;Ok,
  I can do this with no problem&quot;  
&quot;Good,&quot; said Ron, &quot; I'm going next door for a drink. Do what
  you have to do, but make sure she has at least two rings in each lip. And,
  Lok, if you want, let her lick you a little, ha, ha, ha.&quot;  
&quot;I can do that Ron,&quot; said the female. &quot;Now leave us alone.&quot;  
stephanie wasn't sure what was going on, but she knew she wasn't going to
  like it. she sat with her legs wide apart, not knowing who was looking at her.  
Then she felt something grab her cunt lip and pull it. It hurt her at first,
  but her cunt was so wet now, she was almost ready to cum.  
&quot;Wet little thing aren't you? We will have to dry it up some before
  I can do anything.&quot;  
stephanie felt a towel of some kind wiping away her juices and then something
  else was put on her. This was cold and her cunt seemed to shrivel up from it.  
&quot;ooohhhh, cold!&quot; cried stephanie.  
&quot;Hush now little one and it will be over with soon.&quot;  
Then she felt the prick in her left lip and she jumped, trying to get away
  from it.  
&quot;you have to sit still or this will cut those little lips right off.
  Maybe I should tie you down.&quot;  
stephanie tried not to move, and she cried. But with the stinging in her
  lip once again she jumped. Then it stopped. she felt something going around
  her body and when it was tightened around her, she couldn't move.  
Then this Lok-person began again, trying to sooth her by being nice to her.
  she told stephanie to relax and it would all be done soon, but she had to do
  as Master Ron had ordered, or he would punish them both.  
stephanie cried as her lips had the holes put into them and she could feel
  the cold metal of the rings being inserted. Once Lok had them all in she sat
  back to examine her work and enjoy the view of stephanie's wide open cunt.  
All was quiet as stephanie sat in that chair, her legs wide apart and Lok
  watching her. She was making sure there was no blood or problems with her work.
  She reached over to pull on each ring. It wasn't a hard pull, just enough to
  stretch the lips a little and make sure each ring was set in right. She closed
  the clasps, which made them all a permanent part of her body.  
Lok was thinking back to the others she had done for Ron and he told her
  each time to get some if she wished. But so far, she had not let any of the
  girls lick her, even though she had thought about it. Maybe she would this
  time. she knew Ron would be next door for awhile. He was well liked in the
  bar and figured he would be getting sucked off right about now.  
Lok tilted the chair in which stephanie sat backward, and reached back to
  stephanie and rubbed her cunt lips and then thought some more of how she would
  love to have this sweet young girl lick her pussy. So, she pulled her dress
  up and her panties down and slowly climbed over the girl's face. she was unsure
  if she would enjoy it or not, but she wanted to try this time. For some reason,
  stephanie really made her hot.  
Lowering her crotch down to stephanie's face, she said &quot;Ok, show me
  what you can do with that tongue."  
stephanie started moving her head back and forth, trying to avoid having
  a pussy forced upon her. she had never done this with another woman before
  and she wasn't about to this time either.  
But, this Lok-person wasn't going to give up either. So, as stephanie was
  trying to avoid the contact, Lok lowered her crotch right down to stephanie's
  mouth and now she had no choice.  
stephanie had her first pussy right on her lips and she figured out she had
  better start doing something or she would suffocate, so she put her tongue
  out and licked. Lok was enjoying that and raised just a little so stephanie
  could breath, but still be in contact with her pussy. And each time stephanie
  quit, her air supply was cut off again until she licked some more.  
In time, stephanie started really liking this pussy and Lok moved back and
  forth with her in order to get all of this hot little tongue. She would move
  up to get her clit licked and then back down to get the tongue in her slit.
  She rode this captured little slut for all she was worth and she was having
  a great time.  
Then she started cumming on stephanie's face, knowing she would make her
  face so wet. she came hard. she had never cum like this before and was really
  enjoying it. she thought to herself, &quot;Wonder why I never took advantage
  of those others he brought to me.&quot;  
Lok came for along time and when she did, her pussy was smothering stephanie,
  almost to the point of making her black out. But Lok jumped up really quick
  when all of a sudden there was clapping.  
&quot;That was great, Lok, glad to see you took advantage of this hot little
  slut.&quot;  
It was Ron who had come back and saw the show. He was smiling at what he
  had seen. He knew Lok would want more sometime, and maybe she would give him
  a little pussy, too. But for now had to get on the road again and Lok could
  wait.  
But before they left, he said, &quot;You still got those bells I left with
  you?"  
&quot;Yes, I'll get them,&quot; Lok replied. She disappeared for a moment
  and then returned with 4 little bells in her hand. stephanie heard the ringing
  as Lok walked back into the room.  
&quot;Ok, let's get them on and we'll be on our way.&quot;  
stephanie felt her pussy lips being played with again and then she was untied
  from her position. she was made to stand up and with each movement, the bells
  rang and didn't stop as Ron led her out of the building, back through the grass
  and gravel and into the car.  
Once again, she was tied to the seat and her legs were ordered wide open
  for another ride. But to where, she did not know.  
stephanie sat in the truck, naked, with her legs spread wide open so her
  cunt was very visible and she was blindfolded with her hands tied behind her
  to the seat. she had no idea where they were going or even where she had been,
  but she knew she had sucked cocks and eaten a pussy along with having her cunt
  lips pierced. she didn't know what her future would be like, but knew that
  she was captured and would be used for one full year by this man who had caught
  her cheating in the real estate market.  
After riding for a long time in silence, she was startled when Ron spoke
  to her.  
&quot;Now, cunt, don't you feel bad about cheating all those people just
  to make some extra money, that is now half mine?&quot;  
&quot;Yyyyeesss, Sssir!&quot; she replied not knowing what else to say.  
&quot;And you would do anything to go back in time, right?&quot;  
Again she replied, &quot;Yesss, Sssirr!&quot;  
&quot;Very good cunt, you will do anything, won't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yessss, Sirrr. Sir, i have to pee!&quot;  
stephanie felt the truck slow down and then she noticed it turned off the
  road. she knew it was going to the left and she had no idea where he was taking
  her. They drove a short time more and then the truck stopped.  
stephanie heard his door open and then her door was opened and she was released
  from her bonds. &quot;Ok, cunt, get out, and pee!&quot;  
stephanie got out and didn't know exactly what to do. she had been told to
  squat and pee, but she had no idea where she was going to do it. she asked, &quot;Sirrrr,
  where is the bathroom?&quot;  
&quot;Hahahahaha, your bathroom, slut, is right here, beside the road. Now
  piss if you have to or get your fucking ass back in the truck!&quot;  
stephanie didn't know what else to do and she had to pee bad, so she squatted
  and started pissing. About half way through her pee, she heard a horn blowing
  and she cut it off. she was so afraid that someone had seen her peeing, she
  couldn't get it going again.  
&quot;Ok, slut, get your cheating ass back in so we can get moving.&quot;  
stephanie got up so red faced and so humiliated, and made her way back to
  the truck where she was once again tied and had to open her legs. she felt
  Ron reach between her legs, pulling gently on her rings, causing the bells
  to tinkle. she immediately began to juice, and was humiliated that he had so
  quickly gained control of her body.  
"Does my little cunt wish to beg for something?" Ron asked.  
she said nothing, trying to control her mounting emotions. He continued to
  tease her, lightly running his fingers along her pussy lips, , and his little
  finger snaked inside her wet cunt.  
"Please," she begged.  
"Please what, slut?" Ron asked, knowing exactly what she desired.  
"Please don't, Sir, please."  
"Please don't what, slut?"  
"Please&hellip;please fuck me, Sir," she whimpered.  
her comment brought a smile to Ron's face, but he had no intention of satisfying
  her so quickly. He pulled has hands away from her pussy, adding, "No, slut,
  not now. Someday soon you will beg for my cock, beg as if your very life depends
  on it. But not now." And he moved back to his driving position.  
she bit her lip, unable to come up with any retort. But she was feeling things
  she had never felt before.  
They drove in silence for awhile longer, with her naked body on full display
  to whomever was close by, then she felt the truck slow again and turn off the
  road. It was a bumpy ride and she was working up to another cum when suddenly
  the truck stopped again and she was released from her bonds and told to get
  out.  
stephanie got out of the truck and felt a tug on her rope leash and she had
  no choice but to follow. she still had no idea where she was. But she did know
  that she wasn't going to like it, wherever she was.  
Here she was, naked and blindfolded, her cunt lips hurt from what was put
  in them, but she couldn't do anything about it. she was afraid to touch herself
  to see what made it hurt so bad, but she did hear the tinkle of her bells,
  and knew she was marked like an animal.  
stephanie was led to another area, walking on soft sand. she followed like
  she should have and was careful not to fall down. Finally they stopped, with
  her running into a solid object. It was Ron and he laughed when she didn't
  stop when he did.  
&quot;Ok, I see everyone is here,&quot; said Ron. &quot;I want you all to
  meet our new little pet. This is stephanie. she was the real estate agent who
  fucked over my parents.&quot;  
stephanie heard gasps and some laughter from the others, but she still had
  no idea who they were or where she was. Then she heard Ron tell someone named
  amy to take her to the stables and get her ready for some lessons.  
The next thing she felt was her hemp rope being pulled and a female voice
  say, &quot;ok ,slut, follow me!&quot;  
she really hated being called that, but at this point, what could she say
  or do. All she knew is that she was going to get out of all of this somehow,
  but had yet to figure out the details. And her pussy was dripping juice down
  her legs. she had no idea what to do about that, even though she was trying
  hard not to get wet there.  
stephanie was led away from all the people and then she felt the hard concrete.
  she was walking on a solid surface, being pulled by some other female called
  amy. they walked for awhile and then the voice told her to stop. stephanie
  did as she was told and then had to listen.  
&quot;Look, i know you don't like this, and i didn't either at first. But,
  you will be treated well as long as you listen and obey. Yes, you will be used,
  but just let it happen and you'll get used to it.&quot;  
stephanie listened, taking in every word. she now knew from the accent that
  this girl was also asian and she thought maybe if they could be together enough,
  they could plan an escape. But, she had to make friends with this amy first
  and get her to listen in order to escape.  
amy said, &quot;Now, i am going to remove your blindfold and i have to do
  certain things to you to begin your lessons. Don't try to get away from me,
  because if you do, you'll pay with a whipping. i know, because it happened
  to me. The best thing you can do is just do as you're told and everything will
  be much more pleasant for you.&quot;  
The blindfold was removed and it took some time for her to adjust her eyes
  to the bright lights, but once she did, she saw before her a beautiful little
  asian, all naked and she had the same bells in her pussy lips as stephanie
  did. But she also noticed this girl had them in her nipples and it looked like
  her clit too. she was mesmerized by the beauty of this girl and knew she would
  eventually being doing a lot of things with her. stephanie was actually turned
  on by the girl and wanted her. she had eaten someone else in the past few hours,
  but had no idea what she looked like. But, she did taste good and she knew
  this one would be just as tasty.  
stephanie was asked if she had any questions before she was cleaned up and
  made ready for lesson one.  
"Yes, where am i?" she inquired.  
"On the Master's farm. we are far from any other home, so don't think you
  can escape. Whatever you did to Master, you will fully pay the penalty."  
"How long have you been here," stephanie asked.  
"i'm not sure. Maybe 10 or 11 months. Maybe longer. my terms of slavery were
  to last for one year, but i'm not sure when that time will be up. i think that
  is enough questions for now. Master wants you prepared for your first lessons,
  and that is what we must do."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charles Frank


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





