BDSM Library - Wearing The Apron For My Mistress




Wearing The Apron For My Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: David enters an agreement with Betty to be her servant for a week, to change her opinion that men are just crap. It turns out that she is not just smarter than him, she also knows what she wants and how men shall be treated.
WEARING THE APRON FOR MY MISTRESS

(F/M, Femdom, Transgender, Strap-on, D/s, BDSM, Bondage, Slavery, Home, Humiliation, Blackmail
Serious)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

She was a "nobody" that no one bothered and that also bothered no one. I saw her the first 
time at an office, where I was hired as an external resource for a month and I helped her out a 
couple of times. She was about 45, wore outdated cloths and old glasses, had long brown hair 
and had a boring appearance. The next time I met her after that month was one Saturday in 
my neighbourhood, where I ran into her at the local grocery store. She had more bags to carry 
than she was able to, so I offered my help and after insisting she accepted it. 

When we arrived at her apartment, a couple of minutes from where I lived, I went into the 
kitchen and put her bags down. Of some reason she asked me to put on some coffee to thank 
me for the help and so I did. We settled down at the kitchen table after she had unpacked her 
stuff and started to talk a little. I realised from the beginning that she was single and that made 
me very curious. After a while I was able to lead her into the subject and asked her if she had 
a husband or boyfriend. She replied right away:
- I'm afraid to disappoint you. I don't have a husband or boyfriend and I am not looking for 
one either. For me men are crap that cannot provide me with what I want.
I looked at her very surprised and replied:
- I think you're wrong there and I would like to prove that to you. How about if I lived by 
your side for a week and you will dictate the rules?
- I don't think that is possible, she answered. The only thing I could think of that a man could 
do, is to serve me with the household work and cook dinner for me. When it comes down to 
sex, I am not interested. I have been penetrated twice and it was very painful. To be honest I 
wish every man could be punished the same way by penetration.
- Well my offer is still open, I replied. You dictate the rules and I will prove that you're all 
wrong. 
We were both quite, while she looked at me. Then she excused herself and went to the 
bathroom while I stayed in the kitchen making the dishes. After 15 minutes she returned with 
a paper in the hand. She started right away.
- Alright, I have thought about it. I will offer you an opportunity to serve me but you must 
sign this agreement first. She held a paper in her hand and put it on the kitchen table and I 
started to read.

The agreement was written on one paper and stared with: "This agreement has been 
established between Betty (referred to the lady) and David (referred to the man) on voluntary 
basis." I looked at her and then I continued to read "The agreement between the lady and the 
man is effective from this date and may be terminated by the lady after one week. The man 
shall follow all procedures that the lady states in a separate document. The man is not allowed 
to object to any activities that the lady has presented for him. The lady is alone responsible for 
taking actions against violations to this agreement and procedures stated by the lady." I 
stopped reading and looked at her again and I saw a smile on her face. By then I thought I was 
the one that had suggested this from the beginning so I signed the agreement. She left the 
kitchen and returned after 30 minutes meanwhile I stayed in the kitchen.

When she returned again, she had a new piece of paper in her hand. She put it on the kitchen 
table and said:
- It will be very interesting to see what a man can do for me here. As I mentioned in our 
agreement there will be procedures for you to follow and the first version is effective from 
now on. Please read them through and then we can get started.
I sat down again and started to read what she had written. "These procedures shall be 
complied with by the man to fulfil the wishes of the lady. Appearance: The man shall only 
speak when he has been given the permission by the lady. He shall do any activity that lady 
asks him do in a polite manner without arguing. The man shall align himself to the opinion 
that lady has. Dress code: The man shall only wear an apron when he is in the apartment. 
While leaving the apartment, the man shall request the lady of what cloths he is allowed to 
wear. Work: The man shall continue his work on a daily basis, unless he is requested to do 
something different. Primary activities: The man is required to keep the apartment clean and 
in order. He is also required to do all the cooking and to buy the grocery that is necessary. 
Laundry and ironing shall be made by the man. Secondary activities: The man shall do 
anything that the lady requests for, to ensure her physical and mental health." I didn't 
understand what this all meant, but I was directed right away:
- You can start now by undressing and put this apron on. She handed a pink apron while I 
looked at her and she continued. You did say that I was allowed to dictate the rules.
I nodded and did as I was told. Now I was standing in the kitchen with an apron and a bare 
ass. I realised that she expected something I wasn't prepared for, but as I entered the game I 
had to go with it.

My first assignment was to clean the kitchen, which included taking everything out of the 
closets and dry wipe it, washing-up all the plates, glasses and so on. After three hours I was 
done and then it was time to cook diner. We ate together and talked a little. It felt humiliating 
to be there with an apron while she was all dressed. Afterwards I had to wash-up our plates 
and then it was time to clean the bathroom. Finally I was done and was asked to sit on the 
floor before my lady and give massage to her feet. Then in the end it was time to go to bed 
and I was asked to sleep on mattress beside her bed.

Then it was Sunday morning and I was required to prepare breakfast while my lady took a 
shower. After the breakfast I hade to clean all the other rooms in the apartment and with her 
eyes watching over me I had to do it proper. Any mistake she saw, I had to correct and she 
wrote it down on a paper. I realise that this was what she really wanted of a man, if she had 
one. Someone she could control and who did all the boring household work she didn't like. 
She spent most of her time on the sofa reading a book. The whole day passed and when I was 
sitting on the floor giving massage to her feet again, I had prepared dinner, done the washing-
up and cleaned the bathroom again. I fell asleep on the mattress by the side of her bed.

Monday morning came and I was required to prepare breakfast. After the breakfast I was 
allowed to put on my own cloths and go to my own apartment and get dressed before work. 
By the end of the day I knew that I had to sit on bench in front of her house when she returned 
from her job and I had to hurry to get there in time. I was not allowed to be alone in her 
apartment so she followed me in. There it was time to get undressed and to put on the apron 
again. First of all I had to cook dinner and afterwards wash-up our dishes. Then I was 
requested to give her massage and she showed me into the bedroom. Before she got on the 
bed, she told me with a firm voice:
- Don't get any ideas now. I am not interested of having sex with you so better cool down that 
dick of yours.
I noticed that it was already rock hard and it was impossible to cool it down. She took all of 
her cloths of in front of me and I could see that this lady had no tits. I was surprised and I 
could see in her eyes that she didn't like the looks on my face and took a firm grips on my 
balls and I had to bit my tongue not to scream. She turned around and realised that she had 
almost no but either. She lay down on the bed and then I started to give her massage, first on 
her back and then on her front. In the end I managed to cool my dick and just worked with her 
body, over and over again. After that we got into the living room and I had to sit on the floor 
giving her massage to her feet. Later it was time to go to bed and I was required to clean the 
bathroom before I was allowed to get to my mattress. By then she had already fallen to sleep.

Tuesday started like the day before. I prepared breakfast, got to my apartment before I went to 
work and then returned back to the bench in front of her house by the end of the day. In her 
apartment I changed to the apron and cooked dinner for us. At the dinner we talked but this 
time I mentioned that she had a very boring appearance that she should do something about. 
She never became upset of me telling her that, instead she let me talk while she listened to 
me. I guess she was surprised that a man could see this and actually suggest something about 
beauty for her. I must say it would be easy for her to improve her appearance. Then it was 
time for massage and after that I had to sit on the floor and take care of her feet. Finally it was 
time for cleaning up the bathroom and then I went to bed after her.

Wednesday was the same as the day before. In the evening I had to take care of her laundry 
after the massage. Before we got to bed I had to clean up the bathroom. I got to bed after my 
lady but of some reason she had to go to the bathroom and called me in right away. 
- Look here, she said. There is pee on the toilet ring and you were last person in here so it 
could not have been me.
I looked at it and realised that I had made a mistake before I got to bed.
- From now on you're not allowed to use the toilet without an approval. You can bring in a 
bucket to the bathroom and use that instead.
Ashamed as I was I brought in a bucket to bathroom to use it later. Then the two of us got back 
to bed.

Thursday continued with the usual procedure and I must say that my lady looked even more 
relaxed than before. She enjoyed having a man around her, serving her while she could relax 
and spend her time reading books. The boring appearance was not gone, but she didn't look as 
pale as before.

The weekend approach and Friday morning was like the other days. I prepared breakfast, 
went to work and returned to the bench. This time I had to wait on the bench for more than an 
hour and got worried that something had happened to her. Finally she came so I could cook 
dinner. Friday night is always special and this evening we also had wine to drink. I guess we 
both got drunk and instead of massage, she decided to have a bath where I had to sit on the 
side and rub her back. I was not allowed to enter the bathtub but I enjoyed being there with 
her. When she was done, we went into the living room and I sat down by her feet without 
being requested to do so. This time she didn't turn on the TV or started to read a book. She 
took a piece of paper in her hand and said:
- I must say that you have been doing you best this week, but you're far from perfect. There 
are several things that you have done that have been a violation to my procedures.
I looked up at her face while she started to read. It was a about poor cleaning, slow work, 
messing things up. There were several things that I could not agree upon, but I was not 
allowed to argue and I didn't want to make things worse. She ended her list saying
- I have thought about how to take actions against these violations and there is one thing that 
you must do. I want you to shave all the hair of you body and that means on you chest, legs, 
arms and your dick. There is a razor and a scissor in bathroom that you can use. Take of you 
apron here, before you go and when you're done I will inspect you.
There was nothing to say, I sat there quite unable to move. Then I realised that this could be 
fun at the same time, so I took off my apron and went to the bathroom. It took me quite a while 
to shave myself, especially my balls and my ass. I thought I was done when I returned to the 
living room and my lady started her inspection. She found several spots that were not good 
enough for her and she took a pair of tweezers and removed what she found. It was late when 
we were done and before I went to bed I had to clean the bathroom again.

Finally it was Saturday and my week to serve my lady was over later that day. We got up 
early of some unknown reason and I prepared breakfast like the other days. When the 
breakfast was done, my lady told me:
- I have some things to take care of and I don't want you to run around in the apartment by 
yourself. Therefore I will lock you in my cloth closet while I'm away.
She showed me to her cloth closet and locked the door after me. It was dark in there and all I 
could do was to sit down and wait. I guess I fell asleep too and I woke up when the door to the 
apartment opened. I heard someone coming into the apartment and walked around for while, 
before the person unlocked to door for me. I was blinded by the light but after a while I saw 
another woman standing in front of. This was a least what I saw. Instead of the woman with a 
boring appearance with outdated cloths and old glasses and long brown hair was a fresh 
middle aged lady with a red blouse, new glassed, a short fancy hair style and high heels. I 
realised that my lady had taken her opportunity to do something with her appearance and the 
result was overwhelming 
- You look fantastic, I said. You look absolutely fantastic.
She turned around and I really liked what I saw, then she replied:
- Thanks, that was very polite of you to say. Now please go and prepare lunch, we have a lot 
of things to take care of later.
I went to the kitchen and prepared lunch. Then we sat by the kitchen table, my lady all 
dressed up and me with only an apron. This situation was very humiliating and the longer it 
took the worse it got for me. After lunch I had to wash up while she went into the living room. 

She was sitting on the sofa when I came in and she asked me to sit beside of her. This was a 
surprise as I had only been allowed to sit on the floor before. Well my week was almost over 
so I saw it as a sign of that the week was over and we were back to normal. She started by 
telling me:
- As you know I believe that men are crap, even though you have tried to prove that I am 
wrong. Still your presence here with me have been very nice and I have therefore decided not 
to use my right to terminate our agreement. She looked at me and continued. So I want you to 
leave your apartment and move in her with me, based on our agreement and my procedures.
- Excuse me, I replied. I don't understand, we were only talking about a week.
She interrupted me
- I'm sorry to say so, If you read the agreement this is what we agreed upon. If you don't want 
to continue the agreement, then you will have to pay a liability. Here is a copy of the 
agreement.
She handed the copy to me and I started to read where I finished reading the first time "The 
man is liable to pay all cost involved if he decides to break the contract to ensure that another 
person takes his position. The contract is due until 15 years after the agreement is effective. 
The man is entitled financial compensation for offering his services, defined in a separate 
agreement. The Lady is entitled financial compensation for letting out her apartment to the 
man, defined in a separate agreement. Agreed by Betty, Agreed by David" At the bottom of 
the document both of us had written our signatures. I understood that I had no return and there 
was no way that I could pay my way out. 
- I guess I have no choice, I said.
- Now let us do the best out of this. I have prepared our documents for compensation and a 
new version of the procedures for you.
She handed me the papers and the one for compensation meant that I had to pay more in rent 
than I had in compensation for my services. The new procedures were even more interesting 
for me, as it concerned my daily life. She had added a new sentence after Secondary 
activities; "Additional activities: The man shall ensure that the lady gets sexual satisfaction, 
in any way she requests for". I wondered what that meant, but I thought it would be straightened 
out in time. 

The lady took the papers and went into her work room and returned with a bottle of 
champagne and two glasses. 
- As this is a kind of a wedding, it is also a time to celebrate. Please open the bottle, she asked 
me.
I opened the bottle and she looked at me and smiled. We cheered and she gave me a kiss on 
the cheek before she continued:
- I have also prepared a gift for you, here you are. 
She gave me a present that looked nice. I started to open it but was surprised of what I found. 
The first object was dildo that was even larger than my erected dick. The second object was a 
but plug, I guessed. Then the third object was another dildo, that I realised was a strap-on for 
women. I looked at her and said:
- Thank you very much, does this mean that I will play with you later.
- Oh my dear. I am afraid that it will be me playing with you. I told you from the very 
beginning that I wished every man could feel the pain of a penetration. At the same time I 
would like to know the feeling of penetrating someone. Now stand up so I can start with the 
plug.
I had to stand up while she ran the plug into my ass. It hurt very much as I had never 
done this before. Then I sat down on the sofa again with the plug inside. She then gave me 
another present and when I opened it I found a small apron that I could wear around my waist. 
I made the change right away and got down on the floor to give massage to her feet again.

For dinner she had ordered the meal, so I didn't have to cook. She received it by the door 
while I was in the kitchen. It was hard to walk around with the plug in my ass, so I moved 
very slowly. We had our dinner and afterward I had to to the dishes while my lady was in the 
bathroom. When we both were done, she took my hand and led me to the bed room.
- Now we're about to enter the new part of our procedures. First I want you to undress me and 
attach the strap-on. Then I shall pull out the but plug before you can come into my bed.
I undressed her without saying anything and turned around so she could remove the plug and 
take off my apron. I went into her bed lying with my back up. She touched the strap-on and 
smiled before she placed to my ass and slowly started to push in me. It was painful and I 
thought I was about to explode by the treatment. Still she didn't bother and started to fuck me 
in and out. After a while she stopped and started to move up and down with the whole length 
inside of me and I realised that it gave a pressure on her clit so she just kept going. I did my 
best not to scream, instead she got more and more wild and she screamed out in joy when she 
came. It all slowed down and she pulled out the strap-on and I was relieved. We just relaxed 
after that and I had no need to fuck her now, my ass was just soar. After an hour she sat up 
again in the bed and took the huge dildo. She took it and made me suck it first, like giving it a 
blow job. Then she took it and started to penetrate my ass. The dildo was huge and I thought it 
was impossible to get it in me, but she played with me and then she got it in and started to 
push it in and out. I had to hold my breath to take it even though it was difficult not to scream. 
She went on for 20 minutes and I could see that she really loved giving me the pain of a 
penetration. When she was done, she removed the dildo and we fell asleep. Later in the night, 
she was on me again. Now she just got on top of me and pushed the whole length of the dildo 
in me without a warning. I was not prepared and started to cry while she was fucking my ass 
wild. Being the lady was something she must have been waiting for and now she just loved it.

Sunday morning started like the night has passed. Now she turned me around and I had to lift 
my legs so she could fuck my ass and see the pain in my eyes while doing it. She fucked me 
like this for half an hour and she came several times. She both went in and out of me and 
twisted it inside of my ass. Then I had to prepare breakfast wearing my ordinary apron. After 
breakfast I had to clean up the apartment while she was on the sofa reading her book. She 
wasn't dressed though, instead she was all naked with the strap-on attached to her. All of sudden 
she came up behind me and started to fuck my ass while I had to bend over a chair. Instead of 
cooking lunch, she allowed me to put my cloths on to eat at a restaurant. Then we went 
shopping starting out to find cloths for her, while I had to carry all the bags and follow her 
wherever she went. When I had bags in both of my hands the humiliation started, where she 
picked out dresses for me and held them in front of my body to see if they would fit. She also 
bought a couple of dresses, a bra and some lingerie underwear in my size before we went 
home. As soon as we closed the door to the apartment I had to undress and put on the apron. 
Now she wanted to play with me again and took me to a chair in the kitchen, where she took 
the huge dildo and made me sit on it and fuck myself with it. She just laughed while I did it 
until she thought I had had enough and it was time to clean up the apartment another time. I 
thought it was clean by now but she insisted. Another hour passed before she told me to get 
undressed and try out the new dresses we had bought for me. It was a fascinating experience 
to put them on and it felt great compared with the apron. With the bra filled up I almost 
looked like a woman. I had to return to my apron and give her massage, cook dinner and sit 
on the floor in front of her before it was time for bed. We both fell asleep without fucking 
which felt good for me.

The treatment she never gave me in the evening was requested though in the morning. When 
the alarm clock rang she asked me to bring in the strap-on and get into her bed. It was warm 
to be there where she just had slept. She drove the strap-on gently into my ass and fucked me 
until she came and she didn't bother to make me come. Afterwards she told me to get down 
on my knees and then she forced me to lick it. I hesitated but now she took my head and 
pushed the strap-on to my mouth and there was no way out. I guess all of this made us a little 
bit late so we never had time for breakfast before it was time to go to work. Later that day I 
had to wait for her at the bench outside of her house and when we got inside I was requested 
to cook dinner, give her massage and sit by her feet while she sat on the sofa. Like last week I 
was required to clean up the bathroom before I was allowed to go to bed on my mattress.

By now my life had turned into a new way of living. I was offering my services on an 
agreement basis that included all the household work and to be a sexual toy for this woman. 
Three or four times each week she started to fuck me with a strap-on and weekends she also 
played with the dildo or butplug. Otherwise it was massage and to sit by her feet and do 
anything she asked for. The only time I was allowed into her bed was when she fucked me 
and every now and then she locked me into the cloth closet and to dress up as a woman. By 
now, no other person knows about our relationship and how she humiliates me. Still I see no 
other way to continue with my life, than being her servant wearing the apron to please my 
mistress.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





