BDSM Library - The Maya Twins




The Maya Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Once upon a time, there were the Maya twins. Hannah and Savannah Maya were identical, breathtakingly beautiful and with definition of morality that was unique. Very, very rich and constantly bored, they were amused when Hannah's new husband, Jonathan, declared his undying love with the purchase of the state of the art chastity belt, the Dickson Device. (Note: This is an excerpt from the author's recently published e-novel.)The Maya Twins   
By   
Carmenica Diaz   
Note: This is an excerpt from a recently published
      E-Novel.   
Once upon a time, there were the Maya twins. Hannah
  and Savannah Maya were identical, breathtakingly beautiful and with definition
  of morality that was unique. Very, very rich and constantly bored, they were
  amused when Hannah's new husband, Jonathan, declared his undying love with
  the purchase of the state of the art chastity belt, the Dickson Device.  
Silly man! The Maya twins saw an opportunity to
  have a little fun and Jonathan soon discovered that, although they appear so
  beautiful, the Maya twins can be sweetly dominating and just a little cruel
  and manipulative when there's something they want! In this fairytale, not everyone
  lives happily ever after!  
Prologue: Once Upon A Time...   
The door to Jonathan's flat was ajar and Sharon
  tapped on it lightly. 'Hello?'  
The door opened and that  woman
  stood there, smiling widely. 'Hello Sharon, come in.'  
Sharon was about to make a cutting remark, what
  she wasn't sure, when she saw Jonathan kneeling naked on the floor, a chain
  connected to some animal collar around his neck.  
'Jonathan!'  
Sharon turned to Jonathan's wife and she blinked
  in shock when she saw there was two of them!  
'This is my sister, Savannah. Savannah, meet Sharon.'  
'Please to meet you I'm sure,' Savannah said.  
'But&hellip;' gasped Sharon.  
'Yes, darling,' Savannah said with sarcastic overtones,
  'we're twins. How brilliant  of you to notice.'  
'Now pay attention, Sharon,' Hannah said, steadying
  Sharon with a light hand to her elbow and steering her to stand in front of
  Jonathan. 'tell her, darling,' she said to Jonathan.  
'Sharon,' Jonathan mumbled, face burning, 'please
  watch me wank.'  
Sharon's hand flew to her mouth and she saw that
  Jonathan's red cock was hard and protruding from his groin. 'I don't&hellip;'
  Sharon gasped.  
'He just wants to masturbate for you,' Hannah confided
  and then rolled her eyes. 'Men!'  
'It's his kinky little dream, apparently,' Savannah
  said. 'Just watch, it shan't take long.'  
'Jonathan&hellip;' Sharon exclaimed, eyes bulging.  
'Please,' Jonathan mumbled. He just had  to
  come and even though this was the most shameful thing he had ever done in his
  life, he was prepared to go through it just to get relief!  
'You want me to watch&hellip;'  
'Yes!' Jonathan said urgently, his hand hovering
  near his rigid cock. The twins had told him that if he wasn't wanking within
  ten minutes after Sharon had walked through the door, they would simply put
  the Dickson Device back on. He knew they were serious when they had mentioned
  using ice cubes to shrink his cock to get it back in.  
 
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
Once
        upon a time, in a city by the river Thames, there were two sisters&hellip;   
   
   
 
    
01: How should we go about it?    
The patrons at Caf&eacute; Nero had seen them all &ndash; film
  stars, actors, criminals, entrepreneurs, musicians, call-girls and politicians,
  they merged into each other after a while &ndash; and the patrons ignored them
  all with a practiced blas&eacute; attitude and a studied coolness.  
However, when the Maya twins slipped through the
  tastefully etched double glass doors, the diners and the waiting staff gaped
  and everyone would have heard a thousand proverbial pins fall to the stylishly
  polished floor.  
It wasn't just that Hannah and Savannah Maya were
  identical but they were also stunningly beautiful.  
As Rupert Gascoigne wrote in GQ  magazine,
  '&hellip; they are the perfect matched pair with absolutely no imperfections
  with a noble and sensual beauty that immediately draws the eye. I am not a
  religious man but the existence of the Maya twins indicates there is a supreme
  being &ndash; to create one of those girls would have been wondrous, to create
  two is surely a miracle!  '  
To be fair, Rupert Gascoigne appeared to be rather
  obsessed by the Maya twins as accounts of a rather famous party in Mayfair
  testified. It wasn't only famous because the hostess dropped her knickers to
  show an admiring male dinner guest her latest Brazilian wax but also because
  a rather drunk Gascoigne argued with a famous media scientist.  
The second dusty bottle of Port had been brought
  up from the cellar when Gascoigne had exploded. 'Yes, I understand how they
  are genetically identical, George. Your five minutes a day on the BBC doesn't
  make you a candidate for the Nobel Prize, you know! I know they were formed
  from one fertilized egg which then for reasons unknown, split into two cells,
  became implanted and there you have it, identical twins! But George, for the
  life of me, please explain why they are so devastatingly beautiful!'  
At that point, Gascoigne's rather disgruntled wife
  stepped in, called a mini-cab and whisked Rupert away. Their divorce became
  news within three months, Rupert took the pledge and GQ  sent
  him to Los Angeles to report on Californian fashion, a term Gascoigne thought
  was an oxymoron.  
The Maya Twins. Tall, willowy thin with large breasts
  and thick blonde hair, they could have been models if they had been disposed
  to actually work. Some women had cattily said, wait, time will catch
  up with them  but those women had obviously not seen the parents
  of the Maya twins.  
Geraldine Maya was still a beauty in her late forties
  and completely overshadowed women much younger while their father, Pierre was
  ruggedly handsome, still had a complete head of blonde hair and both girls
  had received his startling deep blue eyes rather than their mother's pale blue
  ones.  
Yes, the Maya twins came from exquisite breeding
  stock and every male watched them hungrily when they passed by. Pierre and
  Geraldine were slyly referred to as the King and Queen of London
  society  and if that was the case, Hannah and Savannah were the
  princesses.  
Of course, reverberating within the very soul of
  every male watcher was that common secret fantasy of making love to two women.
  Many men wondered if they could survive the extreme delight of making love
  to the Maya twins.  
Many female watchers silently dwelt on just how
  unfair the universe was, that they were riddled with their own imperfections
  while two perfect women walked the earth.  
The double whammy, so to speak, was that the Maya
  twins were not only blessed with identical matchless beauty but also with high
  intelligence, sly wit and a morality all of their own.  
A spinster aunt was heard to say nastily, 'It
      is said that cats are amoral. Well, compared to my lovely nieces, cats
      are the most moral creatures on this planet! My nieces are beautiful and
      appear sweet but they decidedly have a morality all of their own, it's
      just that no one knows what it is!'    
End of excerpt of Part 1 of The Maya Twins by Carmenica
      Diaz   
www.cafeboudoir.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





