BDSM Library - Sexhibition of Sheila




Sexhibition of Sheila
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mature Red Headed Irish American Beauty, humiliated, punished, and broken to black cock.The Sexhibition of Sheila Part I  
Sheila was a sexy bitch and she knew it. So did every guy who saw her. Sure,
  she had a few kids and was in her mid thirties. But a lot of exercise kept
  her in tiptop shape. At 5'11&quot;, she had long shapely legs, a firm ass,
  and a set of good-sized tits. Blue eyes, auburn hair and an Irish peaches and
cream complexion marked her as a woman still worthy to fuck.  
And Randy planned to do just that - fuck her good - in more ways than one.
  Since she turned him down years ago in high school when she was even then a
  ripe piece of ass, Randy had burned with rage and lust at the desire to dominate,
  humiliate and fuck this proud bitch. And now he had his chance. Having a business
  as a loan shark helped make the right connections for his plan. 
Randy had arranged to have one of Sheila's children kidnapped from school.
  Taken by a couple of masked men who owed him a favor and large unpaid loans,
  the kid was taken to a hide-out outside town. He had her tape, a phone message
  to her mother saying she was in good shape, but wouldn't be returned until
  Mr. &quot;Jones&quot; was ready to release her. 
Randy then dialed Sheila's home phone from his portable one. When Sheila
  answered, he introduced himself as a Mr. Jones and then played the tape. Sheila's
  blood ran cold. Randy explained that the return of her child, in one piece,
  depended solely on her absolute cooperation. He told her if he so much as suspected
  she told of their conversation and demands to ANYONE else, he would kill the
  kid. Sheila said &quot;How much money do you want? I'll get whatever you want;
  I just want my baby back safely.&quot; Randy responded &quot;I don't want any
  money Sheila. I want you - ALL OF YOU. And I want you MY way. First, I want
  you to put on a bikini I am sending you in the mail, together with a pair of
  your highest heels. I will call you after you receive the bikini.&quot; Then
  he hung up. 
Three days later, Sheila received a package though the mail. It contained
  a scandalously brief light blue thong bikini. No sooner had she opened the
  package than the phone rang. Picking it up, the caller identified himself as &quot;Mr.
  Jones&quot;. He told Sheila she was to put on the bikini and the heels, and
  take NOTHING with her - not even her purse - except for several lipstick containers.
  She was then to drive herself to an intersection the next day in Camden, New
  Jersey and wait at the public phone booth there. She was to be at the booth
  at 1:00 P.M. and await his call. Since it was a warm late July, he told her
  she should be warm enough. 
Later that morning, a red-faced Sheila, provocatively dressed in her revealing
  blue bikini and heels, got into her car and drove to the intersection. It was
  in a rough part of the black section of town, lined with bars, porno shops
  and adult theaters. Nervously, she left her car and proceeded to the phone
  booth. The booth was right in front of a Go-Go bar with a flashing neon image
  of a nude white woman with red hair in front of the bar. As she waited anxiously
  in the booth, numerous young black males passed her, taking time to brazenly
  ogle the scantily clad redhead in the phone booth. 
Her anxiety grew as the number of young men steadily increased and she made
  a vain attempt to conceal her wide white ass cheeks, bulging bra cups (Randy
  had deliberately sent a bikini one size two small) and prominent nipples, rapidly
  erecting from their lewd stares and jokes (Randy thoughtfully had removed the
  bra cup liners.) As she squirmed uncomfortably, the scandalously thin thong
  kept creeping up her ass crack. 
Finally the phone rang. She nervously picked it up. Mr. Jones identified
  himself and told her he was watching her every move from a distance and she
  had better follow each of his commands precisely if she wished to see her child
  again. He instructed her to go to another phone booth, two blocks away. He
  told her she had only two minutes to get there, and she had better hurry, then
  hung up. 
The terrified woman quickly opened the door, and pushed past the leering
  crowd. &quot;Hey sweetie, where are you going in such a rush?&quot; &quot;Come
  on honey, stick around awhile&quot; and other more suggestive hoots and catcalls
  followed her as she ran quickly down the street. Her high heels added to the
  obscene spectacle by causing her bulging tits to wobble and her ass cheeks
  to jiggle lewdly. Her well-muscled calves tensed in her high heels as she ran... 
Gasping and panting, her snuggly enclosed tits heaving, she reached the phone
  booth just as the phone rang, and then closed the door quickly behind her.
  The voice on the other end spoke, thick with lust, &quot;Well Sheila, it looks
  like you have acquired quite a crowd of admirers!! Next time you're going to
  have to run a little faster though. I love to watch your boobies flopping up
  and down - and I KNOW THEY do too.&quot; At this point, Sheila noticed that
  a thick knot of young black men had gathered around the booth to watch her
  hungrily. Apparently the ones who were watching her before had picked up some
  friends and they all followed her. Her attempts to hunch over and conceal her
  tits only exposed her tight ass cheeks to the crowd. 
&quot;Now Sheila,&quot; the voice continued suggestively, &quot;I want you
  to take out the lipstick, and write a message for me on the glass of EACH side
  of the phone booth - the message should be large enough for me to see, as I
  am in a building some distance away. The message should read 'Follow me for
  a REAL good time' - put the 'REAL' in caps and UNDERLINE it.&quot;. Mr. Jones
  said he would call her in a few minutes again after she had finished. 
Nervously, Sheila wrote the message as the hungry black faces staring back
  at her body began to snigger and giggle. Excitedly, they pointed at the messages
  she was writing. Sheila began to get a sick feeling in her stomach. 
Randy, continuing to pose as Mr. Jones, called about five long minutes after
  she finished the message. He told her to put her hands behind her head, look
  out at the crowd and wiggle her hips and tits. She was to do this 25 times
  in each direction, and leave the phone hanging while she did so. Red-faced,
  Sheila, followed his directions as the crowd of young black men stared at her
  wiggling hips and tits hungrily. She nervously noticed that each of them was
  sporting a bulging erection. Randy's cock hardened as he watched Sheila's obscene
  show and the obvious reactions of her horny young audience. As soon as she
  finished she picked up the phone. Mr. Jones said &quot;Very good Sheila, you
  look like quite a slut. You must have spent a lifetime practicing for this
  role. Now, I want you to run to the next phone booth, which is two blocks to
  the right and one block to the left. You have exactly two minutes.&quot; 
A very frightened and nervous Sheila ran from the phone booth, pursued by
  the group of ogling, catcalling young black men. No matter how fast she ran,
  she couldn't get out from he middle of the crowd of unwelcome viewers and harassers.
  Despite the fact that her obvious titty-hard-ons were made more visible by
  the tight bra, she was thankful it was a size too small as it kept her bulging,
  flopping udders from popping out as she ran. 
As soon as she reached the phone both, the phone rang again. Mr. Jones said
  to her when she breathlessly picked the phone up &quot;Very good Sheila. Now
  I want you to step out of the phone booth, ask one of the young gentlemen to
  get on the phone with me, and wait patiently outside with your hands behind
  your head, and your mouth open and legs apart. REMEMBER I'm watching your EVERY
  MOVE.&quot; 
Nervously and apprehensively, Sheila did as she was told. She asked one of
  the nearest young black men to get on the phone, then stood outside the booth
  as directed. The crowd closed around her and they looked her over closely while
  making lewd gestures which became more and more emphatic as time progressed.
  The seconds seemed like minutes and the minutes like hours to Sheila as the
  growing crowd of aroused young black men stared and made obscene gestures and
  offers. 
As soon as Jake, the black man, got on the phone, Randy told him to close
  the phone booth door. &quot;Having fun?&quot; he asked Jake. &quot;Yeah, man,
  this sweet bitch is some sight&quot;. &quot;Want to see more?&quot; Randy asked. &quot;Sure
  man&quot;, Jake said, &quot;my dick is hard enough already!!&quot; &quot;Good&quot; said
  Randy. &quot;I'm going to get this stupid cunt to run to the next both. I'm
  going to tell her she has to make a collect call from that phone. She has no
  change with her. I'll tell her to ask one of you guys for the change. Make
  sure nobody gives her anything unless she turns over her bra!&quot; &quot;Yeah
  man&quot;, said Jake. &quot;Now send that silly piece of ass back in here to
  me&quot; Randy said. 
As soon as Randy had Sheila back on the phone, he told her to run to yet
  ANOTHER phone booth, and wait. Again, the tired and increasingly apprehensive
  Sheila ran to the next booth. She noticed the neighborhood kept getting more
  and more abandoned and decayed, and the crowd following her became larger and
  more boisterous. 
As soon as she answered the phone call, Randy told her, &quot;Sheila, this
  is VERY important. You are to call this phone number - he gave her a number
  - in three minutes. I'll be waiting for your call. If I don't hear from you
  by then, I'll assume you really don't want your kid anymore&quot; &quot;But
  I haven't any change&quot; she cried. &quot;Ask one of the guys outside, slut.&quot; Randy
  said, &quot;It's not MY problem&quot;, as he hung up. 
Frightened and rushed, Sheila opened the phone booth door and asked for some
  change. Jake, sniggering while he exchanged knowing glances with the others,
  said, &quot;Sure, lady, but I want your bra in return.&quot; &quot;Looking
  more red-faced than ever, a frightened Sheila stripped off her bra to loud
  whistles and hoots and handed it to Jake who grinned evilly as he held out
  two quarters. When Sheila reached for them, he held them high above her head
  (he was over six feet tall) and said &quot;Jump for them&quot; 
Sheila's face was now as red as a tomato. She had been vainly covering her
  hardening pale pink nipples with her hands, an effort successfully thwarted
  by the young black man when she was forced to jump for the quarters. &quot;Look
  at those fucking tits&quot; &quot;Man I'd love to suck those&quot; &quot;Hey
  lady, you look like a regular milk cow&quot; , &quot;Ever work in a dairy,
  SLUT?&quot; and other lewd comments embarrassed Sheila as she scampered nervously
  back into the phone booth. As soon as she dialed the number, Mr. Jones said &quot;Sheila,
  you know what comes next. I want you to put your hands behind your head, put
  your tits out, and wiggle your body while you face all the windows. Hang up
  the phone. Don't stop until I call you back.&quot; Abruptly he hung up. 
About five long minutes later, the exhausted and humiliated Sheila was stopped
  by a ringing phone. &quot;Sheila, go outside the phone booth, stand with your
  hands behind your head, facing out, and send Jake back in.&quot; said Randy
  lustily. A very humiliated and red-faced mature redhead stepped out and exposed
  her tits to the leering crowd as Jake took up the phone. &quot;Jake,&quot; said
  Randy, &quot;the bikini bottoms are scheduled for the next phone booth, along
  with a bare bottom spanking later by all. Are you game?&quot; &quot;Yeah man&quot; said
  Jake. &quot;O.K. Send the cunt back in&quot;, Randy said. 
A totally humiliated Sheila managed to shove her way past the crowd into
  the phone booth. &quot;Sheila&quot; said the voice on the other end of the
  line thickly, &quot;still having fun with your friends?&quot; &quot;When will
  this be over?&quot; she inquired nervously. &quot;As soon as I say so bitch!&quot; snarled
  Randy. &quot;Now there is another booth two blocks down, and a block to the
  left. BE there in a couple of minutes!&quot; With that he hung up. 
Sheila, covering her bobbing tits as best she could, ran to the next booth,
  followed by an increasing boisterous crowd. As soon as she arrived there panting,
  the phone rang. When she picked it up, the caller identified himself as Mr.
  Jones. &quot;Now Sheila, write this phone number down with your lipstick.&quot; he
  said, as he gave her another number. &quot;And don't ask me for change - you
  have three minutes&quot; 
Sheila looked out at the crowd and again asked for some change. Jake, who
  had assumed the role of spokesman said &quot;Sure Lady. But we want your panties
  first!&quot; The red-faced housewife pulled down her panties and held them
  out the door of the booth, vainly attempting to cover herself. Jake stepped
  back and said &quot;Come and get it bitch!! Show us your ass, we know you want
  to!!&quot; Sheila was shamefacedly forced to run out of the booth, hand him
  the panties and run back in with the change. Quickly, she dialed the number. &quot;A
  lust filled voice on the end of the line said &quot;A little slow there, Sheila.
  Don't let it happen again, or you'll make me angry. 
Now, go outside the booth, put your hands behind your head, and wait for
  Jake to call you. Now send Jake back in.&quot; &quot;Pleaaassee,&quot; whimpered
  Sheila. &quot;DO it Bitch!&quot; Randy yelled. 
The crowd parted as Sheila left the booth. The crowd of black, lust filled
  faces drew closer, as Sheila asked Jake to go back in. Leering at her nude
  body, evilly, Jake went back in. Sheila's rapidly blushing freckled tits and
  reddish brown cunt bush was exposed to the lewd comments and brazen stares
  of the randy young males. 
&quot;Hi Jake, do you like BONDAGE?&quot; said Randy with emphasis on &quot;bondage&quot;.
  Jake sniggered. Randy then spoke to Jake &quot;At the corner of the next street
  is an abandoned factory. The whole front of the building is open. At the back
  of the open workshop is a door. It's unlocked. An open hallway is on the other
  side. There are three bags in the hallway, a small blue one and two large brown
  ones.&quot; 
&quot;I'm going to have Sheila run there and open the blue one,&quot;he continued. &quot;It
  has a cell phone in it with a phone number. As soon as she calls that number,
  I'll be there. Make sure your friends all fit in the hall. The other two bags
  have some &quot;toys&quot; you will able to use on Sheila. O.K.?&quot; &quot;I
  can hardly wait&quot; said Jake, rubbing his lips and his crotch. &quot;Now
  go outside, tell Sheila to turn around and face the phone booth, and wiggle
  her ass, keeping her hands on top of her head. Tell her to keep it up while
  you count to fifty, then have her come back in here and pick up the phone again.&quot; 
Jake went outside and gave the humiliated housewife her directions. Jake
  slowly counted to fifty while the crowd ogled her gyrating body, hooting and
  making lewd gestures. Randy, sitting in a window a few hundred feet away, watched
  as the woman twisted obscenely back and forth, shaking her full ass cheeks
  and medium sized tits. He noticed her nipples were erect with embarrassment
  and her eyes red with shame. He also noticed the large erections visible through
  the pants of the viewers. At this point Randy had a raging hard-on himself,
  and Sheila's humiliation and shame added to his arousal and to his determination
  to break this proud bitch. 
Eventually, after many pauses to discuss Sheila's tits, cunt, ass and long,
  full, shapely legs with his friends, Jake reached fifty, and the exhausted
  redhead dropped her hands to her tits and ran into the phone booth. 
Randy spoke to her. He gave her the instructions he had given Jake, then
  abruptly hung up. The terrified woman ran out of the booth and down the street
  into the building. But with her heels on, she was no match for the large crowd
  of black youths, some only fifteen or sixteen, who followed her close behind. 
They all crowded into the hallway while Sheila opened the blue bag and called
  the phone number written on the paper. Randy answered the phone and told her
  she was to do exactly as Jake commanded her. Jake was in total control, Randy
  hissed, and if she didn't obey him, he was instructed to call Mr. Jones back,
  and her kid's head would be mailed to her address the next day. 
As soon as Jake got on the phone, Randy spoke to him. &quot;Jake, in one
  of the two bags, the one with an &quot;A&quot; on it, is a set of wrist cuffs
  and a bondage sleeve for the arms. There is also a rubber dildo gag. Tie Sheila's
  wrists behind her back, and put on the bondage sleeve. The tighter you pull
  it, the more her tits will stick out. Then gag her and pick up the phone. There
  is a picture of the bondage sleeve to show how to use it.&quot; &quot;I know
  how to use it&quot; Jake chortled, &quot;I read bondage magazines.&quot; &quot;Excellent&quot; said
  Randy. 
Jake went outside, opened the bag and approached Sheila, who was standing
  nervously with her hands in front of her tits, as the crowd whistled and clapped
  when they saw he bondage equipment. &quot;Don't hurt me&quot; Sheila whimpered. &quot;Just
  follow my orders&quot; Jake snarled. He had her turn around and he fastened
  her wrists behind her with the wrist cuffs. Then he put on the bondage sleeve
  and pulled the belts as tightly as he could, making Sheila squeal involuntarily,
  as it pulled her elbows and shoulders back, thrusting her nude, freckled, pink-nippled
  tits obscenely forward. The he stuck the dildo gag in her mouth. Finally, reveling
  in his new found status and power, Jake held the shivering, nude bound woman
  by her arms and turned her around to display her quivering tits and milk-white
  arse to the lustful stares and lewd remarks of the large gang of young black
  men, who were getting more aroused and rowdier by the minute. 
Jake looked at the crowd and saw a very muscular young black man, who was
  easily twenty years younger than the nude bound redhead. This young man was
  in the forefront of the group, frequently making statements about the &quot;mother-fucking
  white slut,&quot; and how he'd like to feed her some black meat. The state
  of his arousal was obvious by the huge tent in the front of his shorts. 
&quot;Hey, Rashid, come here.&quot; Jake called. As the aroused youth approached,
  Jake told him &quot;Hold this bitch while I get back on the phone. Don't let
  her get away, now.&quot; he finished with a leer. 
As Jake walked back to the phone, he smugly noticed that Rashid was taking
  advantage of the opportunity to squeeze Sheila's tits, pinch her ass and finger
  her cunt. He pushed her around on her high heels to let all of his friends
  to cop a feel. Randy, watching the show from a distance, became more aroused
  than he ever believed he could be, knowing soon this proud bitch would soon
  be totally humiliated. 
When Jake picked up the phone, Randy said &quot;I think you are really getting
  the hang of this!&quot; &quot;Damn Right, brother&quot; said Rashid. 
&quot;Do you know what a 'slut-strap' is?&quot; asked Randy. &quot;No&quot; said
  Jake, &quot;should I?&quot; &quot;You'll like this.&quot; Randy said. &quot;It
  is a belt that goes around the bitch's waist. In the front is a long narrow
  leather strap. All along the inside is a row of hard rubber, dull-pointed studs.
  You pass the strap through the bitch's cunt lips and over her clit, pass it
  through her ass cheeks, run it through a loop in the back of the belt and then
  fasten it around the belt in the bondage sleeve that goes around her elbows.
  Then you pull - HARD - and fasten it. There is one in the other bag, along
  with a few riding crops. You will find the slut strap, properly applied, has
  wondrous effects on a bound bitch, especially if she is walking.&quot; 
&quot;Damn&quot; said Jake. &quot;You might need some help - Rashid looks
  like he is really enjoying this.&quot; Randy said. Jake looked around to see
  Rashid mercilessly squeezing Sheila's erected nipples, continually slapping
  her ass cheeks, rubbing his growing boner on her milk-white body and encouraging
  his friends to do likewise. &quot;Good suggestion&quot; said Jake. 
&quot;When you finish, you are going to walk Ms. BITCH down the hallway and
  into the next building, about three hundred feet away, and into the cellar.
  Since this is a timed event and there are more &quot;toys&quot; for you to
  use on her there, you can use the riding crops to move her along. You will
  notice she will not be too quick to move with the slut strap inserted if you
  do it 
right. Appropriately enough, there is a dog collar and leash to put on this
  hot red-headed bitch in the bag too.&quot; 
Jake hung up, went quickly over to the bag, and approached Sheila and Rashid. 
Sheila was twisting uncomfortably in Rashid's hands as he continued to poke
  and prod her body. This added to the number and size of the erections in the
  crowd. Her white ass was pink in places from slaps and pinches, as were her
  long, full, shapely thighs and calves. After Jake explained to Rashid their
  plan, they both had a raging hard-on, a fact that did not escape the nude bound
  white woman, quivering in her stiletto heels. 
Jake quickly belted the slut strap around Sheila's waist, tightening it so
  she gasped. Then, while Rashid held her arms firmly, Jake called over two other
  young assistants. To Sheila's mortification, they bent down and held her cunt-lips
  wide open. Grinning evilly, Jake whispered something to Rashid, as he grabbed
  Sheila's arms. Rashid bent over, and extending his middle finger in a lewd
  gesture, touched the red tip of Sheila's throbbing clitty! To the hoots of
  the crowd, Rashid began to stroke her clit, staring insolently into her reddened
  blue eyes as he started to finger-fuck her in front of the crowd. Just as she
  was beginning to gasp, he stopped. Rashid then fed the studded slut strap thong
  between her legs, through her ass cheeks, though the loop on the back of the
  belt to Jake, and who wound it around the belt on her elbows. Then Jake pulled
  - HARD!! 
Sheila let out an audible squeal that even her gag failed to conceal. The
  effect on the nude bound red-head was immediate as the hardened rubber studs
  on the slut strap bit home.. 
She was forced to thrust her tits out even further than before, her nipples
  were rock-hard, and she tried, vainly, to ease the biting of the rubber slut
  strap into her open cunt, clit, and asshole by standing on tip-toe in her heels.
  This made Sheila's long shapely calves and legs stretch like she was wearing
  immensely higher high heels and was most arousing to the crowd of hooting young
  black men... 
The gang of black youths howled and cheered and clapped at the lubricious
  lewd spectacle the nude bound red-head was providing. The red flush on her
  face had spread onto her freckled pink-nippled tits, she was covered with a
  glaze of perspiration, and a tell-tale fragrance was exuding from her dark,
  trimmed auburn cuntbush. Her ass cheeks and legs were quivering and twisting
  as she gasped for breath with reddened cheeks behind her gag. 
&quot;The final touch for the nude bound bitch&quot; yelled Rashid, as Jake
  allowed him to put the dog collar and leash on her. Then the riding crops were
  handed out to the crowd who were instructed to use them gently on her legs
  and ass when needed. Then Jake told Sheila that since was such a hot bitch,
  they were taking her for a little &quot;walk&quot;. 
As Jake pulled her collar, Rashid seized one of her erect, prick-like pink
  nipples in his fingers and began to tweak and pull it as they moved her reluctantly
  forward. As Sheila was forced to move, the slut strap stubs bit mercilessly
  into her clit. Her nipples continued to harden until they looked as though
  they would explode from her chest. A thin trickle of fluid - NOT urine - began
  to run down her long legs as she was forced gingerly forward by the leash and
  the riding crops which bit viciously into her ass, as the lust mad crowd of
  young men hurried her to her next humiliating fate. 
Every once in a while she stopped, squeezed her legs together and came in
  an embarrassing climax that was more humiliation and pain than pleasure. This
  led to a fresh series of whippings on her shapely calves and thighs by the
  lust crazed young men around her, some of whom were openly masturbating through
  their pants in front of the embarrassed nude bound red-head... 
The Sexhibition of Sheila Part 2 - Sheila Gets Skull-Fucked  
Randy had prepared the cellar well. He had erected a large stage at one end
  of the spacious room. Around the front of the stage were about fifty chairs.
  A large white spotlight was focused on the stage. Secured to the floor of the
  stage was an adjustable &quot;spreader bar&quot;, and dangling from the ceiling
  behind it was a length of chain ending in a meat hook. A large sign with &quot;HOT
  WHITE MEAT&quot; printed on it was fastened above the meat hook. The chain
  ran through a pulley on the ceiling and then down to a winch on the side wall
  of the large stage. The rear of the stage had a large floor to ceiling mirror,
  and the stage floor beneath the spreader bar also was provided with a large
  mirror. On one side of the stage was a &quot;fucking couch&quot; complete with
  shackles, and on the other, a wall-sized rack. Various bags were scattered
  over the floor, ominously filled with assorted &quot;toys&quot; to be used
  on Sheila by her &quot;black admirers&quot;. On one wall of the room was a
  large television screen which was running a lengthy porn flick in which a nude,
  mature, red-headed white woman was bound tightly to a rack and alternately
  fucked and whipped by a dozen black men.  
He had thoughtfully provided several copies of porno magazines on each chair.
  They were all carefully selected to contain shots of white women, all red-heads,
  either being fucked or tortured by black men. As for himself, he was comfortably
  ensconced on a chair behind a rear wall. A small vision slit and a pair of
  binoculars gave him a close-up view of the stage. Several carefully positioned
  cameras were set to capture the action for posterity. He couldn't believe how
  hard his cock had gotten - just from the anticipation!  
Soon he could hear shouts and muffled shrieks, along with an occasional slap
  coming down the hall into the doorway at the bottom of the stage. Eventually,
  a thick of knot of young black men emerged and in the center was an extremely
  flushed and red-faced Sheila. Still tottering lewdly on her stiletto heels,
  Jake was now pushing her along, having yanked her head back viciously by her
  once well-coiffured auburn hair. Rashid was pulling her forward by both of
  her reddened and obscenely protuberant nipples, while others in the crowd were
  slapping and flickering her strained calves and thighs. At this point, most
  of the aroused young men were openly masturbating through their pants. Here
  and there a large black dick was actually exposed, being stroked to prodigious
  size by its leering young owner. Sheila's crotch was reddened from the chafing
  of the slut-strap and dripping from several cummings. Long trails of cum ran
  down her milk-white thighs. Her once proud blue eyes were now reddened with
  tears and humiliation and an occasional mewing sound escaped her lips as a
  riding crop found its target on her reddening white arse.  
The crowd of blacks around Sheila stopped to gape at the large auditorium
  and the porno flick. Taking advantage of the pause in the action, Randy called
  from his hidden booth. A large red phone on a stand on the side of the stage
  rang. Quickly, Jake rushed over and picked it up.  
&quot;Hey man&quot;, said Jake, &quot;what's next?&quot; Randy responded &quot;Jake,
  see the spreader bar on the stage? Take the bitch over, fasten both legs by
  her ankles to either end, and adjust the width as wide as she can take it.
  Remember she is a BIG bitch and can take a lot - HARD!!&quot; &quot;I KNOW!!&quot; leered
  Jake. &quot;Then remove the slut strap, and fasten the end of her bondage sleeve
  to the meat hook. There are two Japanese sewing clips and some cord on stage,
  plus two eye bolts on the floor. They run right through the mirror. If you
  do it right, you can turn the winch on the wall and pull her arms up behind
  her, while some assistants fasten the Japanese sewing clips to her bitchy nipples.
  By pulling her arms UP and tightening the nipple cords DOWN, you should be
  able to get her to stand with her legs apart, facing the audience, her tits
  tightly fastened to the stage, and her big white ass sticking out at the rear,
  facing the mirror. Then take some cord, knot her hair, tie the cord to it,
  and fasten the other end to the meat hook. Then pull back the cord until the
  bitch is forced to stare straight ahead at her audience. Then remove the penis
  gag, insert a ring gag, and come back to the phone.&quot;  
&quot;O.K. Man&quot; said Jake, putting down the phone. He sauntered over
  to the thick knot of young black men who even now were still squeezing and
  pinching the nude bound red-head. As Jake explained what they were going to
  do and who would be assisting him, Sheila, who overheard the proceedings, took
  advantage of the distraction to bolt for the door. Stumbling awkwardly, the
  naked red-head moved quickly, her soft mature titties flopping lewdly as her
  rounded ass cheeks jiggled. Jake looked around in time to see the bound bitch
  stumble back out the doorway they had entered. He yelled loudly to Rashid,
  who dashed into the hall after her. There was a loud squeal, several loud slaps,
  followed by equally loud screams. Soon Sheila was roughly dragged back on stage
  by her mussed-up auburn hair. Rashid muscled her up to Jake who slapped her
  face viciously. &quot;Try that again bitch, and I'll cut your tits off&quot; he
  snarled.  
 The crowd dragged the sobbing woman to the center of the stage. Rapidly,
  several pairs of black hands had spread the helpless red-head's long shapely
  legs roughly apart and fastened them by the ankles to the spreader bar. Jake
  extended it until Sheila' legs almost seem to be splitting apart at her cunt.
  Her gasping breath through the penis gag testified to her discomfort, as did
  her reddened face. At the same time Rashid removed her slut strap and fastened
  the ring at the end of the bondage sleeve to the meat hook, while one of his
  assistants turned the winch. Soon the nude bound bitch was bent tightly over,
  the tendons in her full shapely white legs stretched to the breaking point,
  her ass sticking out at the rear towards the large wall  
mirror, and her arms painfully dragged up and backwards. Beads of perspiration
  ran down Sheila's exposed sensitive armpits, as well as along her long, shapely,
  well-muscled legs. Her auburn colored pussy was stretched widely open,  
Jake removed her penis gag and quickly replaced it with a black ring gag
  which he tied tightly around her head. Grabbing a handful of her thick red-brown
  hair, he fastened a knotted cord in it, ran the end around the ring at the
  end of the bondage sleeve and yanked her head back sharply. She gave an involuntary
  squeal as her face was forced up and forward, exposed to the leers of the young
  blacks.  
&quot;HEY, this slut is WET!!!&quot; said Rashid as he ran his middle finger
  across Sheila's exposed cunt and lewdly jutting red clit. &quot;Let's see how
  much wetter we can get this whore&quot; said a sixteen year old black who approached
  Sheila's dangling udders with the Japanese sewing clips. &quot;I never squeezed
  a white bitch's tits before&quot; he snarled. Randy watched as the young black
  teen squeezed her dangling udders, then pinched each nipple tightly, causing
  her to quiver. Tears ran down her rigidly exposed face as the young man fastened
  the sewing clamps to her aroused pink nipples, then yanked the cords on them
  down and through the eye bolts in the floor. Sheila's dandling udders were
  now tautly anchored to the floor. Jake, Rashid and the young black teen adjusted
  her bonds until she was staring straight ahead, her arms pulled painfully backwards
  and up, her tits tightly stretched down to the floor and her ass obscenely
  jutting backwards towards the rear wall and mirror. Just about the only part
  of her anatomy she could move was her upturned milk-white ass - and that only
  from side to side in an obscene wiggle which brought laughs from the circling
  black youths. Randy's cock was rock hard.  
 Jake slipped away from the knot of black youths who were fingering, pinching,
  slapping and squeezing the nude bound slut to pick up the phone again to Randy. &quot;Having
  fun yet?&quot; leered Randy. Jake chuckled back &quot;Yeah man, what a slut!!
  And to think she ASKED for this!&quot; &quot;Right&quot; said randy. &quot;She's
  a real honest to goodness stuck up whore and deserves whatever she gets. I
  hope she gets a lot!!&quot; &quot;At least 8 inches from most of us!!&quot; Jake
  shouted.  
 &quot;O.K. Jake. There is a red bag on the floor with some toys in it. One
  is a &quot;Black Bull's Dong&quot;. It is a large black dildo, with a big set
  of black balls hanging from it, along with a bull's tail and a length of hose
  which ends in a bulb.&quot; &quot;I'm listenin' man&quot; leered Jake. &quot;If
  you squeeze the bulb, you will see a ring around the base of the dong expand.
  The more you squeeze the bulb, the wider the ring becomes until you can't squeeze
  it anymore. When stuck in a bitch's ass, the expanded ring keeps the dong up
  her shit hole. Now, when you squeeze the BALLS, air is forced into the Dong
  head making it BIGGER and BIGGER. Soon the bitch will think she is being buggered
  by a REAL black bull.&quot; Jake giggled insanely. &quot;Once the Dong's head
  reaches its maximum size, all the extra air leaves the Dong's tip and fills
  the bitch's ass. When you think she is full enough, unscrew the bull's tail.
  All the air will be released with loud FARTING noises that will echo across
  the hall!!&quot; Jake hooted involuntarily at the thought of the spectacle
  this piece of white ass would shortly present. &quot;Good luck, and there is
  some special grease you can use to ease the Dong in. It is a secret recipe.
  But don't get any on your fingers. It contains mustard, cayenne pepper extract,
  ginger and assorted other goodies. I GUARANTEE it will make her shake her ass!!
  I think you guys can 'ad lib' it from there. DON'T BE GENTLE!!!. She's a BIG
  slut and can take it HARD. Just call the number on the sheet of paper next
  to the Dong when you guys are all through. Feel free to use any of the other &quot;toys&quot; as
  well as the rack and &quot;fucking couch&quot;. I have other plans for this
  bitch, LATER.&quot; &quot;Definitely&quot; giggled Jake.  
Jake put down the phone and sauntered past the gang of aroused young men
  manhandling the bound bitch. Dramatically stepping up to the end of the stage,
  he spoke &quot;O.K. brothers. I know you all have a big hard-on for this white
  bitch. But I want you all to take a seat in the audience and watch the 'entertainment'
  first!!! I assure you, it will make you all HARDER and better able to deal
  with this hot mature piece.&quot; Slowly the gang broke away, took seats and
  watched attentively, drawn to the video flick, the stage, and the porn in the
  magazines on their seats. Jake asked Rashid to remain on the stage to &quot;assist&quot; him.
  Sheila, covered with slap and pinch marks, her milk white skin and freckled
  upper chest and face covered with perspiration, stared dumbly ahead. Only an
  occasional quiver of her milk-white ass and the tears running out of her reddened
  blue eyes gave away her anxiety.  
 Jake handed Rashid the Bull's Dong and whispered instructions to him. Dramatically,
  Rashid stepped in front of Sheila, holding the Dong up so she and the audience
  could view it. First he squeezed the bulb until the ring at the base was fully
  inflated. Then, to the cheers of the crowd, he squeezed the large black balls
  until the Dong's head swelled to twice its normal size and the sound of air
  began to hiss from the piss hole at the tip. Sheila stared in wide-eyed horror
  at the sight.  
 Rashid stepped behind Sheila and called for two assistants. Two young black
  kids, about 14 years old, ran up to the stage. Rashid asked them to stand on
  either side of Sheila, making sure they weren't blocking the rear mirror. Then
  he asked them to spread her ass cheeks apart. Eagerly, the two snickering young
  men pulled her ass cheeks apart. Her exposed bunghole was clearly visible to
  the audience in the rear mirror. She audibly gasped. The crowd cheered.  
 Rashid liberally coated the Dong with Randy's special fluid mix. Then, wetting
  his index finger with his mouth, he slowly inserted it up Sheila's tight ass
  hole. Her blue eyes widened as he rotated his finger around, burying it to
  the knuckle in her big white ass. &quot;Uhhhhhhh!!! Uhhhhhhh!!!&quot; UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
  Sheila groaned through her ring gag as Rashid, smiling evilly, twisted his
  finger around. Not being in any particular hurry, Rashid took his time, while
  Sheila continued to groan at her rude rectal &quot;exam&quot;. When her asshole
  was loosened to his satisfaction, Rashid placed the head of the dong at the
  entrance to her shit-hole, after withdrawing his finger. Slowly, he pressed
  the immense dong up her ass chute. Rashid was in no particular hurry here either.
  There was an audible squishing noise as he slowly drew out the dong, and slowly
  inserted it again. Sheila's blue eyes got wider and wider, and finally her
  freckled face flushed beet red. Mewing and screaming &quot;OHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTT!!
  AGHHHHHHHH!!! TAKETTTT OOHHHHTTTTTTT!!!&quot; behind her ring gag, she tried
  shaking her head back and forth. This only pulled her tightly bound reddish
  brown hair and painfully jerked her pink nipples. Any attempts to wiggle her
  big white ass were frustrated by the two young blacks at either side of her
  butt, who occasionally took a swat at one white cheek or another, or slyly
  reached between her outstretched legs to tickle her engorged red clit and labial
  lips.  
 Randy could barely contain himself. He moved the binoculars alternately
  from Sheila's embarrassed and pained face to her tightly bound tits, to her
  widely distend ass-cheeks, being slowly buggered by the immense black cock.
  Her groans made him hotter than he had ever been. He was now openly masturbating
  at the sight. Finally he had this bitch where he wanted her!!  
 When the Dong was fully inserted, Rashid quickly pumped up the basal ring.
  At this point, Sheila was jerking her ass and head around, tears were pouring
  from her reddened eyes, and she was vainly attempting to shake her ass loose.
  Finally, Rashid pumped up the Dong's head. Sheila began to scream behind her
  gag. ARGHHHHHHH!!!!! AHHHHHHH!!!!! MMMMMMPHHHH!!!! When Rashid finished and
  removed the bull's tail, the sound of her farts filled the auditorium!! Rashid
  repeated this several times, finally leaving the engorged black Dong stuck
  up Sheila's ass. The two young black men on either side moved away and she
  began to wriggle her big white ass vigorously, in a vain attempt to free the
  immense black Dong from her ass. In the process the bull's tail swished obscenely
  back and forth. Suddenly there was a loud splashing sound. The pain in her
  ass was so great Sheila pissed all over the stage floor, which brought roars
  of laughter and claps from the young audience and made her face even redder
  with embarrassment.  
 Randy noticed Rashid's dick was really hard - it was pressing against the
  front of his pants as he watched the nude bound red-head's ass wriggle back
  and forth. After giving Sheila's ass several hard smacks with his hand, he
  finally lost control. Moving in front of her, Rashid lowered his pants to expose
  an immense throbbing black cock. Even in her discomfort, Sheila gasped at the
  sight. Grabbing the mature bound red-head by her hair, he shoved his dick into
  her open mouth and began to skull-fuck the bitch vigorously. &quot;Take it
  you white slut whore!!&quot; he yelled as he pushed and shoved, with Sheila's
  body moving back and forth despite her tight bonds. &quot;Ummmmhhhhhh!!&quot; screamed
  Sheila, her mouth full of the pulsating black dick. Bending over, he alternately
  slapped her ass and viciously squeezed her bound tits as he fucked her face.
  The crowd went wild, loudly cheering and urging him on with cries of &quot;Fuck
  that bitch man!!&quot; &quot;Give it to the white slut!!&quot; &quot;Slam it
  to her brother!!&quot;  
 &quot;Ummmmmhhhhh!!!&quot; Sheila continued to scream, while Rahsid hissed &quot;Fuck
  BITCH, Fuck BITCH!!!&quot; over and over mindlessly. Sheila's tits were  
painfully jerked downwards with each lunge of the immense dick, her blue
  eyes popped bulgingly from her face, her pink lips stretched around the immense
  cock. Her toes and fingers continually twitched as she screamed.  
 Suddenly Rashid gave out with a loud &quot;FUCK YOU WHORE!!&quot; as he
  unloaded his swollen black balls into the redhead's mouth. As he pulled out
  his cock, Sheila gasped, letting his spunk flow over her pink lips. Rashid
  screamed &quot;Swallow it, you fuck'n white whore!!&quot; When the pained red-head
  gasped out more of his spunk, Rashid stepped behind her. Picking up a wide
  leather strap, he removed the black bull's Dong from her ass. Suddenly he raised
  his arm above his head and brought it down sharply, laying the strap across
  the very center of Sheila's tight but full white ass. &quot;EEEEARGGHHH &quot; screamed
  the nude bound bitch as the first blow hit her with the sound of a pistol shot. &quot;You
  swallow all our spunk you cheap teasing white hoe!!! Swallow all that black
  cum from now on or I'll whip the skin off'n your white ass!!&quot; Rashid hit
  her a second time, across the base of her ass cheeks. &quot;EEEOWWWWWW!!! NNUUHHH
  MMURRRRR! She shrieked. Again and again Rashid brought his arm down ,raining
  welts on Sheila's white arse. Her screams filled the room, to the evident arousal
  of all the on lookers who encouraged Rashid with cheers and shouts.  
After Sheila's ass was blistered with ten reddening welts, Rashid stopped,
  and, having worked up another hard-on, stepped in front of the shivering nude
  red-head. Grabbing her by her ears, he viciously skull-fucked her a second
  time and unloaded another volley of cum into her mouth. Sheila gasped, swallowing
  as much as she could.  
 When Rashid stepped away, Sheila's face was dripping with his cum from her
  stretched open lips. Rashid spoke to the cheering crowd &quot;Come on now,
  line up!! Let's all give this cheap hoe the kind of skull-fucking she deserves,
  but save some for later - for her asshole and cheap cunt!!&quot;  
 Soon the was a long line of randy young black men, each taking a turn at
  skull fucking Sheila. After the first few fucks, her face was dripping with
  come which covered her eyes, nose and mouth. Yet more came on, grabbing her
  ears and hair and blowing yet another load into her face.  
 Jake walked behind her, and pulled out his dick. Not only was it large and
  growing bigger by the minute, it was at least 2 inches thick. Licking his lips,
  he viewed her twitching white ass, covered with the ten angry welts. Putting
  on a condom with a large French tickler, he liberally coated it with the &quot;special
  solution&quot; they had used on the Bull's dong. Stepping between her full
  and shapely outstretched legs, their white calves quivering in her stilleto
  heels, he pulled apart her ass cheeks. Even with a black dick in her mouth,
  Sheila managed a muffled &quot;NNNNNNHHHHHH!!!!. Jake puckered her bunghole,
  placed his cock in it, and pushed forward. MRGGGHHHHHHH!! EOOOHHHMMM!!&quot; screamed
  Sheila, incoherently between the ring gag and a mouthful of black dick.  
 Randy was beside himself with lust. Soon Ms. Stuck up bitch was being bounced
  back and forth like a marionette in its strings. One big black dick in her
  ass, and a series of others in her mouth. Jake gave great hard thrusts into
  her meaty ass, driving her towards the blacks in her mouth, in spite of her
  bonds. At each thrust, Sheila gave out a muffled scream and scrabbled her fingers
  helplessly in the bondage sleeve. The stage at this point was nearly as covered
  with cum as her face was , After about five minutes of vicious buggering, Jake
  gave a loud grunt, pulled out of Sheila's ass, and shoved his way to the front
  of her, elbowing some of his friends out of the way. Puling off his rubber,
  he jerked off into Sheila's face. As gush after gush of hot gism poured over
  her upturned features, her face began to resemble a large white Custard pie
  with two blue marks for her eyes, and framed by a mane of disheveled auburn
  hair, thickly clotted with the black men's cum.  
 Randy blew his load at this, soiling his pants. He couldn't wait for the
  next scene. He was sure Sheila was going to get a good fucking from all.  
The Sexhibition of Sheila Part 3 - The Breeding of Sheila (or Sheila Gets
  Fucked)  
 By now, the blacks had been face fucking Sheila for an hour. In some cases,
  three of them at once were unloading their balls into her cum,-covered face.
  Gobs of gism were rolling down her cheeks, lips, and chin and the floor below
  her was soaked in the blacks' cum.  
 &quot;Hey, Brothers,&quot; yelled Jake &quot;save your cum for this slut's
  cunt and ass!!&quot;  
 &quot;How about some pictures of the Bitch for the future?&quot; asked Rashid.  
 One of the blacks selected a flash camera from the bag of goodies left by
  Randy. &quot;Look - a CAMERA!!!&quot;  
 Stepping in front he raised it for a shot. &quot;Smile CUNT!!!&quot; he
  snarled.  
 Sheila starred dumbly ahead.  
 &quot;The slut won't SMILE!!&quot; yelled the black with the camera.  
 &quot;I'll fix THAT&quot; said Rashid. Stepping behind her, he raised his
  arms and brought it down on her plump white ass, right over several of the
  red welts he raised before. &quot;Smile SLUT!!!&quot; roared Rashid as he continued
  to wack her brutally.  
 The bound red-head forced a grin.  
 &quot;The black with the camera took several shots. &quot;GREAT,&quot; he
  said. She looks like a REAL slut!!!&quot;  
 They continued taking pictures of the cum-faced slut for some time, with
  close-ups of her gism covered, grotesquely smiling face being the most popular.
  Occasionally Rashid smacked her ass to keep her smiling.  
 Finally Rashid interrupted &quot;O.K. brothers. Time to clean this whore
  up, move her to the fucking couch and how her some REAL hard black cock!!&quot;  
&quot;Wait a second brother&quot; said Jake, &quot;I have an idea.&quot;  
Jake was looking at the meat-hook apparatus. &quot;I think we can fuck this
  bitch right HERE!! Look, we can move the meat hook right above the spreader-bar,
  hang her from her wrists over her head - TIGHT, and then DOUBLE-FUCK the BITCH!!'  
&quot;DOUBLE-FUCK!! DOUBLE FUCK!!&quot; the crowd of teenage blacks began
  hooting. Sheila looked apprehensively around at the black faces staring at
  her, searching vainly for a glimmer of pity.  
&quot;Payback time you fucken' white bitch!&quot; yelled Rashid. &quot;Now
  we gets to fuck your cunt like your people fucked our great-grandmothers!!&quot; &quot;And
  your fat white ass too!!&quot; yelled Jake in return.  
Jake and Rashid tossed several buckets of cold water over Sheila's face,
  washing away the gobs of cum matting her hair and coating her face. Quickly
  they undid Sheila's bondage sleeve from the meat hook, and while two black
  youths held her twisting nude body firmly, Jake and Rashid moved the meat hook
  so it was right over the spreader bar. All four of them then secured Sheila's
  wrist cuffs above her head to the meat hook. Rashid walked over to the wall
  controls and pulled up on the hook, and soon the nude auburn-haired bitch was
  stretched erotically and lewdly in a rough triangle. Her arms were tightly
  extended above her mussed up red-brown mane of hair and her legs were still
  widely anchored to the spreader bar. She looked like a pinned butterfly - or
  a pagan sacrifice&hellip;..  
Sheila twisted and squirmed, her medium sized pink-nipped tits jiggled back
  and forth, and her long, full, milk-white legs jerked vainly as she sought
  to escape. Rashid tightened the overhead hook and she gasped audibly. Her pink
  freckled body became drenched with perspiration from fear and her struggles.
  The tendons in her long full milk-white calves and thighs were stretched to
  the breaking point. The blacks leered at the quivering nude bound bitch like
  dogs at piece of fresh meat.  
&quot;Look what I found here&quot; yelled Rashid, holding up a piece of black
  leather he found in one of Randy's bags. &quot;A Seabrook Helmet!! We put it
  on the bitch and she won't be able to see or hear ANYTHING!! But BELIEVE ME,
  she'll FEEL everything!!&quot;  
Seizing Sheila by her red brown hair, Jake fastened the Seabrook helmet.
  It covered her head completely, only exposing two holes for her nostrils. She
  was effectively gagged, blindfolded and deafened. The only part of her head
  which was exposed was a large tuft of auburn hair at the top of the helmet
  which Jake arranged carefully so it looked like a crest.  
Now Sheila looked even lewder. No longer a person, she was a quivering piece
  of mature milk-white freckled pinkish meat - pink-nippled tits, broad white
  ass, long shapely legs and brown-muffed cunt - exposed for the total use and
  enjoyment of the crowd of black gentlemen.  
&quot;Well, lets FUCK her!!&quot; yelled Rashid. &quot;Not so fast&quot; said
  Jake. &quot;I found some new TOYS to use on her!! It will get us all HARDER
  so we can give this red-headed whore the treatment she REALLY deserves.&quot;  
Jake held up a mass of rubber-bands he had pulled from Randy's bag. They
  were all fastened together into strands about six inches long. Some were thick,
  some were thin. He passed them out to the hooting young black men.  
Approaching Sheila softly from the rear, Jake smiled evilly. He held his
  hand close to one of her quivering milk-white calves, holding the end of a
  thick band. Pulling the other end of the band back some distance, he let it
  go with a snap onto the flesh of the nude bound bitch.  
&quot;&quot;MMMMUMMMPHHHHHHH&quot; screamed Sheila from behind her mask.
  Vainly she sought to relieve the sting by twitching her calf, but could move
  only a few millimeters.  
Taking his cue from Jake, Rashid put his band a few inches from Sheila's
  pink-nippled right tit, and drew the chain back as far as he could. Then he
  let it go with a loud SPLAT as it contacted the red-head's pink nipple. &quot;ARGHHHHHHMMMMMMMPHHHHHHHH&quot; Sheila
  screamed incoherently as her nipple  
showed an angry small red welt from Jake's rubber band.  
&quot;This is GREAT man!&quot; yelled Rashid, as he watched Sheila's body
  quiver. &quot;I never GOT so hard before!!!&quot; &quot;MMMMPPHHHRGHHHH&quot; she
  continued to wail from behind her helmet, the red crest of her hair bobbing
  up and down as she shook her head from side to side.  
Two young blacks slyly stood on either side of her big white ass. Each held
  a six inch chain of thick rubber bands. Pulling them back as far as possible,
  they winked at each other. Simultaneously they released them. With a loud SPLAT
  they bit into the bitch's white ass cheeks.  
&quot;MRGHHH!!!EHHHHHMMMHHHH!!!&quot; shrieked Sheila. Despite her tight
  bonds, she managed to fling her pelvis forward and backwards about an inch,
  as if she was fucking an invisible cock. &quot;EGHHHWWW!!! MMMMGHHHHH!!!&quot; she
  continued to shriek.  
Every black cock was rigid, and most of them were exposed, as they watched
  the mature red-headed bitch quiver and they listened to her muffled screams.
  Despite herself, her pink nipples were erect in pain.  
A young gentleman, about 15 years old approached Sheila from the front. Leering,
  he pointed to her wide open, auburn-haired cunt. Jake nodded. Rashid stepped
  behind her, and, placing both hands firmly on the sides of her hips, pushed
  her pelvis out as far as it would go.  
With her open cunt gaped, the red-headed bitch's clit stood out - proud,
  plump, erect, unknowing - and VULNERABLE!  
The youth stepped forward, and, bracing his left hand firmly between her
  full milk-white thighs, drew back a long, wicked thin rubber-band. Sheila,
  immediately realizing the implications of this, began mewing piteously behind
  her helmet, its crest of auburn hair flopping helplessly as she shook her head
  back and forth.  
A crowd of the young men forced their way forward to watch, leering cruelly
  at the nude, bound bitch's open cunt and clit. &quot;DO IT&quot; hissed Jake
  at the boy.  
The boy released the rubber band with a grin. With a sickening THWACK, it
  bit into the red-head's delicious clit. Sheila seemed paralyzed with pain.
  Before she could respond he had pulled it back twice, quick as lightning, and
  released it two more times on its helpless reddening target!  
&quot;ARGHHHHH!!!! MMMMMOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO!!!!&quot;&quot; the nude bound bitch
  screamed from behind her mask. &quot;MMGHHHH!!!EEEEEEHMMM&quot; she wailed
  incoherently. Despite Rashid's strong grip and the tight bonds, she still managed
  to make lewd fucking motions as she vainly sought to relieve the burning pain
  on her erected red clit.  
Grinning like demons the black youths watched the mature white red head writhing
  like a naked belly-dancer, offering her cunt seemingly out for a fuck. &quot;MRGHHHHH!!!!!
  AGHHHHHHHH!!&quot; Sheila continued to screech from behind her mask. Soon she
  was assaulted on every side by young black men, snapping rubber band chains
  against her vulnerable milk-white and freckled pink skin.  
For the next half hour or so, Sheila danced in lewd display as the gang of
  circling youths hit her all over her naked body. Her full ass and long shapely
  thighs and calves were the most frequent targets but her pink-nippled tits
  received their share of this unwelcome attention.  
For the next half hour or so, Sheila danced in lewd display as the gang of
  circling youths hit her all over her naked body. Her full ass and long shapely
  thighs and calves were the most frequent targets but her pink-nippled tits
  received their share of this unwelcome attention.  
While his friends were finishing upwith their amusements, Jake was digging
  around in the bag of "Toys" Randy had so thoughtfully left behind. He located
  a plastic container with a long thin glass tube in it. Attached to the end
  of the tube was a long plastic hose. The container also held a small electric
  pump and a tiny metal ring with a joint and a small clasp on it. Tthe container
  had a small diagram in it demonstrating its proper "use". Jake called over
  Rashid, and grinning broadly, showed him their new toy, explaining its use
  from the diagram.  
Rashid and Jake sauntered over to the nude bound bitch, surrounded by the
  aroused crowd of young black men. "Hey gentlemen, step aside" said Rashid, "and
  I will show you our new "toy". But I may need some assistants." Immediately
  the entire mob began shouting. Jake called forward two young black gentlemen
  about 17 years old. Each had bulging erections thrust through their open trouser
  zippers.  
Rashid had one of the young men stand behind the quivering red-head and hold
  open her pussy lips. He directed the other to start massaging her clit. Rashid
  himself held her firmly by her hips from the rear to prevent any movement.
  Soon Sheila was shaking her head back and forth, and muffled "MMMMMGH!!" came
  from the helmet as the young blckman caressed her reddening and enlarged clit.  
After a few moments, Jake stepped forward, rubbed some oil on her clit and
  presented the thin glass tube. Quickly, he slipped it over her clit and held
  it against her cunt, motioning the young man who had been finger-fucking her
  to the side. At the same time, he turned on the small electric pump which joined
  by a plastic tube to the glass cylinder held over the red-headed slut's clit.
  As the machine began to humm, Sheila began to moan a low "mmmmmghhg". Gradually,
  slowly, her clit was drawn into the glass tube. As the pressure began to build,
  Sheila's moan became louder and more emphatic "MMMGHRWWRHH!! ARGHHHAUWGGHHH!!" Even
  the Seabrook helmet failed to conceal her anguished cries as her clit got larger
  and redder every moment. Even Rashid had a rough time holding her mature bound
  bitch still. Finally, after it was extended at least an inch into the tube,
  Jake snapped the small metal ring around the base of Sheila's clit.  
 Sheila immediately let out a loud "ARGGGHHHHMMWWWMMFF!!"  
 Jake turned off the pump, removed the tube, and motioned everyone away.
  They all stared at the erotic fantasy before their eyes. The nude bound white
  woman was glistening with perspiration and covered with tiny welts all over
  her body with a concentration around each nipple, her cunt, her broad ass-cheeks
  and her taunt shapely legs. She was twisting and squirming vainly as her clit,
  large, erect and reddened, stood proudly and vulnerably out from her auburn
  cunt bush. She kept making lewd fucking movements as she tried to relieve the
  itching in her erected clit.  
 Grasping a long feather he had had taken from the bag of "toys", Rashid
  drew it across Sheila's erected clit. "ARGHHWGHHMMGGHH!!" Sheil mindlessly
  shrieked from behind the confines of her helmet. "GRHWAUGHHOOOO!!" she continued
  as a grinning Rashid mercilessly tortured her erect clit.  
 Finally Rashid couldn't take anymore. His monstrous dick was fully erect,
  sticking menacingly out of his trousers, and he jumped the quivering nude body
  in front of him, ramming his cock home into her moistened cunt. As he viciously
  fucked the bound bitch, his black pubic hair brushed against her erected and
  sensitive clit. Wailing mindlessly, Sheila was brutally jerked back and forth
  until with a loud groan, Rashid shot his load into her auburn haired twat.
  The cum oozed out of her cunt as he withdrew his cock from her body.  
 "O.K. Everybody, FUCK HER!!!" yelled Rashid. "Just a moment" said Jake. "Let's
  take her helmet off so she can watch" He quickly undid the bonds of the helmet
  and the red-head's face was now released to view. Her blue eyes were drenched
  in sweat and tears and her freckled cheeks red from the helmet.  
 Grabbing her by the mane of her auburn hair, Jake snarled "Now bitch, we're
  filming this. I want you to look like the big red-headed white slut you are
  and smile as though you are enjoying it. If you don't you get this." Stepping
  back, Jake raised his arm and brought down a long broad strap across Sheila's
  vulnerable ass. Twice he hit her and she managed to shriek loudly through her
ring gag "PPLLLSSSE NOOOOOO!!&quot; 
 Tossing away the strap, Jake stepped forward and drove his now fully erected
  cock into Sheila's bunghole. At the same time another black man stepped forward
  and inserted his hardened dick into her cunt. Jake reached around and seizing
  her pink nipples as hand-holds, he began to vicioosuly bugger her. The black
  man in front reached around and seizing her ass cheeks, used them for support
  as he slammed his cock into her cunt, grinding his pubic hairs against her
  erected red clit.  
 Vainly attempting to smile, Sheila was jerked forward and backwards by the
  two black gentlemen fucking her. Soon they were replaced by two more players
  who filled both her holes with more cum.  
 Randy, watching the show from behind the wall, got so hot he blew his load
  before he could even touch his cock.  
 And so the fucking continued, with each black youth attempting to surpass
  his predecessor in getting the bound white slut to shriek even louder, as streams
  of cum gushed out of her asshole and furry cunt and ran down her long, stretched
  out and shapely white legs..  
Part IV Sheila on the Block (Or the Bitch gets Sold)  
 After about an hour or so, the youths were fagged out. Lying around resting,
  an occasional young man got up, made his way over to the quivering piece of
  pink freckled fuckmeat and humped her cunt or ass. By now Sheila was just hanging
  limply, and only an occasional groan escaped her panting pink lips in response
  to any renewed fucking or buggering. Her long shapely milk-white calves were
  covered with streams of cum, as was her noticeably reddened cunt and arse.
  Gism covered the floor.  
 Randy, again posing as Mr. Jones, called up Jake. Jake stood up and staggered
  over to the phone, not ignoring the opportunity to viciously pinch Sheila's
  broad arse as he passed by. Only a brief whimper escaped her lips.  
 "Jake" Randy said, "are you guys finished with the slut??" "I guess so man." Jake
  responded. "We'll be moving out soon. But how do we know we won't get caught
  later?" he said, looking wistfully at the nude red-headed woman hanging limply
  from her bonds. "Easy," Randy continued "I'm going to sell her out of the country.
  As a matter of fact, her 'sales agent' should be showing up real soon. Just
  leave her there and the agent will take care of the rest." "O.K." Jake replied. "I
  guess we'll just take off now. Thanks for the fun. We all enjoyed it." With
  than, Jake hung up the phone, and by twos and threes, the exhausted young black
  men left. A few, still aroused, paused to fuck the bitch one more time before
  they left.  
 Randy, hiding in his hole, waited until they all left.  
 Putting on a black mask, he made his way down to the floor and approached
  the dejected, sobbing figure hanging from her bonds. Before he could do anything
  else, there was a loud rapping at the door.  
 "Hey, Jones, you in there?? " came a loud, demanding female voice. "Come
  right in Tanisha" said Randy. The door quickly opened and a large black woman,
  about 200 lbs., accompanied by two well-muscled black assistants appeared.  
 "Wooo-weee!!" Tanisha yelled as she stared at Sheila. "That Bitch done been
  fucked real good!!!" "Yes" Randy responded, "can you use her?" Tanisha walked
  over to Sheila and eyed her up and down. "This bitch can bring some good money,
  once we heal her up, do her up, and 'train' her right!! WHAT A BIG CLIT!!!
  How much do you want?" Randy stopped for a moment and said &ndash; " you can
  have her for five thousand on several conditions." "I'm waiting" Tanisha said.  
 "One I get to watch the sale. Two, I get to fuck her before she goes. Three
  she gets sold out of the country &ndash; somewhere she won't be coming back
  from." Randy said. Sheila raised her tear-stained head and looked at him briefly.  
 "A DEEEAAAAL!!!" responded Tanisha. "I'm goin to sell this Bitch somewhere
  special &ndash; where she'll get top dollar. You can fuck her during the sale,
  before she gets 'packaged'. And believe me, where this cunt is goin, ain't
  NOBODY around here goin' to see her pretty white arse again!!! 
 Tanisha opened her purse, pulled out five thousand dollars in hundred dollar
  bills and paid them over to Randy. Then she motioned to her two assistants
  who approached Sheila, pulled down their pants and revealed two of the largest
  and blackest dicks Randy saw that day. Without a word, they proceeded to double-fuck
  the naked woman dangling before them with great humps, one in her ass and the
  other in her cunt. Sheila gasped loudly, and Randy heard the squishing sound
  of the two cocks in her cunt and ass as they ploughed through the spunk left
  by the previous crowd which had filled the room earlier. "They needs to show
  the slut whose boss first off" said Tanisha. Despite her recent experience,
  she wailed loudly "ARGHHHHH!!! AWOHHHH!!! PLEAAASSEE!!" Grinning broadly, both
  men continued to fuck Sheila for at least another fifteen minutes. Both Randy
  and Tanisha watched as the two men succeeded in drawing another long, painful
  orgasm from the naked red-head. Then just as quickly, the unfastened her, wiped
  their dicks clean in her hair, bound her arms behind her, covered her in a
  long cloak and forced her out the door.  
 "Hot bitch" said Tanisha, licking her lips. "I'm REALLY gonna enjoy training
  HER!!" "Have fun" responded Randy. "When is the auction?" "Give me about a
  few months to break and train her." said Tanisha. "There is a B&amp;D club
  in Philly &ndash; I'll e-mail you the address and time. They let me rent out
  their hall for special occasions like this every once in a while. They don't
  ask me no questions and I don't ask them any questions either." Then she left
  as abruptly as she came.  
 Randy rapidly cleaned up the mess left behind, being careful to bag up all
  the left-overs and toss them in different dumpsters all over the industrial
  park. The only thing he kept was the pictures.  
 For the next few months, Randy could barely control himself. He kept looking
  over the tapes and photos gain and again, eagerly savoring the spectacle of
  Sheila's humiliation. Finally, one day, he received the e-mail &ndash; along
  with the address and time. 1:00 A.M. Friday &ndash; in one of Philly's most
  run-down neighborhoods near the docks.  
 That night, Randy, his face concealed with a false beard and the e-mail
  Tanisha gave him, made his way to the building. Opening a large door, he proceeded
  as directed down a long passageway to a cargo elevator and pushed the button
  for the bottom floor. Once the elevator doors opened, he saw a small reception
  room with about five large black men sitting around.  
 "What you doin' here man??" Challenged one of the five, reaching under his
  armpit. Randy flashed Tanisha's e-mail. The large man took it, read it suspiciously,
  then motioned to a large door. One of the other five men sullenly opened it.  
 Randy entered a large hall. In the center of the hall was a large stage
  with a spotlight on the center. As his eyes grew accustomed to the darkness,
  he made out about fifty or so other men and women sitting closely to the stage.
  All or almost all were Asians or blacks. Randy presented his e-mail to another
  large black man inside the doorway, who led him to a front-row seat.  
 Loud raucous music was playing and a singularly unattractive black woman
  was doing a poor imitation of a strip-tease. Finally the music stopped and
  the woman left the stage to a few half-hearted claps, bowing and smiling.  
 A few moments later, Tanisha entered the stage with a flourish. Attired
  in a deep red satin dress, she almost looked sexy with large cleavage and an
  enormous rump &ndash; but her tough features ruined any normal attractiveness.
  Stepping to the front of the stage she began "Ladies and gentlemens, I have
  a special treat for you here today. We will be auctioning off to the highest
  bidder an attractive white red-head &ndash; mature, quite talented and MOST
  fuckable. But you will all see that soon for yourselfs. I will open the bidding
  after she is properly 'introduced,' at twenty-five thousand dollars. I KNOW
  you will not be disappointed. 
 Pointing to the side of the stage, Tanisha yelled "Get in here BITCH &ndash; its
  your big day-bew!!! NOW GIRL!!!!! 
 Randy looked at the side of the stage and the curtains parted. Out walked
  Sheila, 'escorted" by the two black male attendants, dressed in tight black
  body suits. Both had sadistic smirks on their faces and carried riding crops.  
 Sheila stared straight ahead. Her auburn hair had been done up in a sophisticated
  style. Her reddened blue eyes were set off with darkened lashes and blue eye
  shadow, and her pink lips were painted a bright red. Her freckled face had
  only a touch of rouge. She had on some large cheap silver costume jewelry and
  was wearing a demure white blouse which was flounced out in front. She had
  on an equally demure looking white skirt &ndash; except it stopped about three
  inches above her knees. Her full shapely legs had no stockings, but ended in
  a pair of 2" high stiletto powder blue high heels, which sensuously accented
  her calves. The crowd whistled, stamped and hooted.  
 "This hot bitch answers to Maureen. What she was called before now is irrelevant.
  Gentlemen, move Maureen to the front of the stage and get her ready. 
 Sheila blushed a deep red as the two black attendants moved her roughly
  to the front of the stage. The spotlight moved from Tanisha to Sheila so all
  the rest of the room was bathed in darkness and she was clearly visible in
  the glaring white light.  
 With a quick movement, one of the black men grabbed Sheila's blouse and
  tore it from her shoulders. The audience whistled and hooted even louder. She
  was wearing a powder blue support bra which lewdly cupped her two milk- white,
  pink-nippled udders and held them out for viewing. The support bra made her
  medium-sized tits look larger and more erotic.  
 A second later, the other black attendant had grabbed her skirt and tore
  it from her body. Her wide womanly hips were covered in a flimsy powder blue
  pair of panties. The support bra, panties and heels all matched her eyes and
  eye-make-up. There was a mumbling in the audience. "Beed now???" one of the
  onlookers asked eagerly.  
 "Not now," Tanisha responded, "we ain't through yet." One of the attendants
  then grabbed her panties and tore them from her body, exposing a large, untrimmed
  auburn cunt-bush. Tears were forming in Sheila's blue eyes, but she didn't
  move a muscle. Standing like a statue, she stared out at the audience she couldn't
  see.  
 "Arms up BITCH" snarled one of the black attendants, swishing his riding
  crop through the air. Sheila immediately lifted her arms and clasped her hands
  together behind her head. This caused her tits to stand out even further, presenting
  a lubricious spectacle to the ogling crowd. "Turn slowly SLUT" snarled the
  other. Sheila carefully turned around in her heels, her white tit and ass meat
  quivering in the light, until her broad  
white butt was exposed to the crowd. "Now BITCH, SPREAD THEM and bend over" yelled
  Tanisha, getting into the act. Slowly Sheila bent way over, grasped her ankles
  and looked through her wide open legs into the crowd.  
 "Quite a WHORE, no??" taunted Tanisha. From his spot close to the stage,
  Randy could clearly make out Sheila's open cunt, clit, and expression and he
  noticed several fading welts along her shapely white thighs, calves and ass
  cheeks. He also noticed the pungent smell of cunt juice and cheap perfume. "We
  had her finger-fuck herself a few times before she came out here" whispered
  Tanisha, who had moved closer to Randy. "Doesn't she look like quite a slut??
  Wouldn't YOU want to buy her??" "Nahh" said Randy &ndash; I want to see the
  cunt sold. It's a long story, Besides, I get to fuck her afterwards, no??" "But
  of course" answered Tanisha.  
 After waiting a while for the full effect of the naked cunt's lewd position
  to arouse the crowd, Tanisha said "Now slut, turn around and stand for inspection." Sobbing
  visibly, Sheila turned around to face the audience, placing her arms once more
  behind her head, and stretching her long, full, shapely white legs out apart
  beneath her.  
 "We done trained the bitch good." Whispered Tanisha huskily to Randy who
  was licking his lips at the sight,  
 The black attendant who had removed her blouse walked slowly up behind her.
  Standing behind the slut he reached forward and seized each pink nipple in
  his fingers. Staring at the back of her head, he began to knead them &ndash; gently
  at first, then harder and harder. Sheila stared straight ahead as ordered,
  biting her lip. Tears formed in her eyes from the rough "exam" but she didn't
  move a muscle or cry out. Finally satisfied, the black man stepped back. Her
  nipples and the center of her milk white tits were reddened from his cruel
  attention.  
 The second black man now stepped forward, smirking at his companion as the
  other man moved to the rear. The second man squatted down, and began to knead
  the red-head's white arse cheeks and full thighs. Gently at first, then harder,
  finally finishing up with a loud series of slaps to each ass cheek. Through
  it all, the nude bitch stared ahead, only the biting of her lips and tears
  running down her face attesting to her pain.  
 Now Tanisha herself stepped behind Sheila and reaching down, inserted her
  index finger between the red head's shapely legs, right into her cunt. Slowly
  Tanisha wiggled her finger around in Sheila twat, embedding it up to the knuckle.
  Gradually, Sheila began to gasp, her pink-nippled tits rising and falling as
  Tanisha abused her cunt. Leeringly Tanish yelled "You're really wet SLUT!!!
  I guess rough treatment makes you hot. Isn't that so??" "Yes Mistress" Sheila
  sobbed. "Yes WHAT, SLUT??" inquired Tanisha loudly. "Rough treatment really
  makes me hot" Sheila responded sobbing. "GOOD!!. Once you're sold, you can
  expect more of it SLUT" said Tanisha huskily.  
 Stepping back, Tanisha turned to one of the black men and said " Walk this
  SLUT around the hall so all the gentlemen AND LADIES can get a CLOSER look
  at the 'merchandise.'"  
 The black man who had slapped her arse stepped forward, and seizing her
  by her elbows, walked her roughly down a short flight of stairs from the stage
  to the main isle. A floodlight followed her, keeping the rest of the room in
  darkness and exposing her nude pink freckled white body in a glaring light.  
Turning her roughly around, he had her face the left side and stand there
  at the first row for a few moments. The men and women in the first row leaned
  forward, staring eagerly and intently at the nude bitch. After a few moments,
  her "guide" roughly shoved her to the next row for an exam, and so it continued
  down the isle. Eventually when he reached the end of the isle, he turned Sheila
  around and repeated the procedure back down the isle so they could all see
  her arse and the backs of her long full shapely white thighs and calves. And
  so it went, around the entire room until everyone had a closer look at the
  mature slut. Randy noticed that her "guide" frequently took advantage of the
  opportunity to roughly squeeze Sheila's tits, or pinch her ass. He also frequently
  whispered in to her ears &ndash; in a noticeably loud tone &ndash; what a whore
  she was, what a hot body she had, how much they had enjoyed banging her, and
  how much her new owners would enjoy fucking and beating her. This seemed to
  please the audience and Sheila remained outwardly impassive, except for her
  reddened blue eyes and occasional sobs.  
 Finally, when she had been dragged and shoved throughout the room, her "guide" forced
  her back up the stairs to the stage. Once Sheila had returned to the front
  of the stage, Randy noticed a large square upright fame had been positioned
  at the stage front. In each corner of the frame was a shackle. Quickly both
  attendants spread-eagled the nude bitch in the frame and tightened the shackles
  until she was tautly spread out.  
 "First we would like to demonstrate for your viewing pleasure this bitch's
  fucking skills" said Tanisha. "Mr. Jones, would you care to assist?" Tanisha
  asked. Randy could barely control himself. His huge boner was pushing its way
  against his trousers. He quickly moved up the stairs and approached the bound
  slut. "Please, DON'T be gentle with her" Tanisha said unctuously. "She's been
  fucked often and hard and can take it ROUGH - VERY rough. Besides - it TURNS
  THE SLUT ON!! 
 Sheila was staring wide-eyed ahead, her tits rising and falling in their
  powder blue holster and her pink nipples erected in embarrassment. Randy stepped
  forward, and slapped Sheila across the face several times. Grasping her pink
  nipples he squeezed them until she gasped "ARGHHHHHH, please &ndash; not so
  hard Master". Randy opened his trousers and out sprang the largest hard-on
  he ever had experienced. Stepping forward, he drove his erect cock into the
  bitch with a single thrust, which produced a long drawn out "Ahhhhhhh" from
  the nude bound red head. Seizing her face, he deeply Frenched her mouth, driving
  his tongue between her pink lips. Then grabbing her by her hair, he began to
  roughly fuck her with great strokes. His vicious humping drove her upwards
  in the frame with each thrust, and drew deep gasps from the nude bound bitch. "Ahhhhh!!!
  Ahhhhhhhhh!!' she shrieked mindlessly as he proceeded to fuck her brains out
  on the stage. The audience encouraged him with shouts and yells. Every once
  in a while he paused long enough to slap her arse viciously or pinch her sore
  pink nipples. Finally he began to frigg her clit as he drove his erect cock
  harder and harder into her sopping wet cunt. "EAARGAAAHHHH!!! AHHHH!!! AHHHH!!!" the
  bound redhead shrieked as he fucked her to organism. "YEEEEEE ARGHHOWWW!!" She
  wailed as he rubbed her erected clit viciously and gave an extra hard shove
  into her sopping pussy. Her fingers and toes twitching, she came in a giant
  burst of cum which ran down her legs.  
 Withdrawing his rampant dick, Randy stepped behind her and spreading her
  arse cheeks, plunged his cock into the red head's asshole. Despite her "training" Sheila
  let out a shriek at this cruel invasion. Reaching around her, Randy seized
  her udders and used them for handholds while he drove his dick into the bitch's
  broad soft, white rump. "AOUGHHHH!!!! Not my ASS!!! 
she shrieked vainly as he brutally buggered her. Bouncing off her full ass
  cheeks, he buggered her mindlessly while she gasped and shrieked. Finally he
  gave out with a loud "ARGHHH" as he blew his load deep in her shit chute. Withdrawing
  slowly, Randy wiped his dick on a handkerchief and finished with a few rough
  slaps to the red-head's arse cheeks.  
 Leaning forward he whispered in her ear "You have NO idea how long I have
  waited to fuck you like this - you slut pig. Fucking and buggering you in front
  of an audience &ndash; you thought you were so hot. But now you're just another
  piece of fuck-meat. I just hope they sell your worthless ass someplace where
  they know how to make life really miserable for a whore like you &ndash; you
  stuck up cunt." Then he slapped her white ass cheeks once more as he left the
  sobbing red-head dangling from her bonds, covered with perspiration, gasping
  for breath, and with a mixture of his spunk and her cum running down her shapely
  white legs.  
 Tanisha stepped forward and said "There will be a brief intermission while
  we get this whore cleaned up and ready for sale" Both male attendants released
  Sheila from the frame and dragged her sobbing body to the rear of the stage. "You
  gentlemen can have 'sloppy seconds'" Tanisha whispered at her leering guards,
  noticing their enlarged cocks through the tight pants they wore.  
Another series of mediocre black strippers performed for the next hour or
  so.  
 During their performance, Randy and the audience heard loud slaps and shrieks
  coming from behind a curtain at the rear of the stage. The strippers smirked
  at these sounds during their routines.  
 "Hisst &ndash; come here" whispered Tanisha to Randy as she climbed a flight
  of stairs alongside the curtain. As Randy followed her, she pointed over the
  top of the wall of fabric. Randy followed her finger.  
 Sheila was lying on her back on a large board. The board ended in a stock
  through which her wrists and head were fastened. A heavy strap was drawn tautly
  across her belly and fastened to the board. There was a large depression in
  the center of the stock above her neck where a taunt leather strap held her
  in place. Her spread-eagled legs were fastened widely apart to ring bolts in
  the floor. One of the two black attendants was skull-fucking her with deep
  humps while the other pinched her tits and frigged her clit. "Suck it SLUT" the
  man face-fucking her yelled. His partner continued to frig her clit as Sheila's
  white freckled tits rose and  
fell and she gasped audibly. "Here goes - WHORE - ARGHHH! " yelled the man
  in her mouth as he blew his load down her throat.  
 Slowly he withdrew his cock from her pink lips, which were covered with
  his white gism. "Ahhh Akbar, now its YOUR turn" he said. "What a SLUT! We trained
  her WELL!!! 
 The second black man dropped his trousers to display an immense erection. "Slapping
  around these white bitches &ndash; especially the 'soccer moms' really makes
  me hard" he said with a grin. Then, he took a round ring covered with bristles
  and slipped it over his cock, pushing it down around the base of the cockhead.
  The part of the ring pressing against his cock was fabric, but the bristles
  faced forwards and out. The side of the ring facing upwards had an especially
  large cluster of extra long bristles.  
 "No master, PLEEEEASE - not the RING!!!" shrieked Sheila through her cum-covered
  lips. Grinning widely, Akbar moved forward, spread her cunt lips and slowly
  inserted his cock into her glistening pink twat. As he drove forward and the
  bristles contacted her clit and labia, Sheila shook her head from side to side
  and began to whimper. Expertly, Akbar withdrew his cock, then slammed it forward
  again with a heavier thrust. The longer bristles on top rubbed against her
  erect red clit before being plunged deep into her twat, Sheila shrieked "AGHHHHHH!!!!!
  NOOOOOOOO!!" Akbar began to thrust forward harder and harder, driving the maddening
  bristles against Sheila's sensitized clit and cunt. Despite herself, Sheila's
  nipples began to harden, her tits flushed a deep pink and her shrieks changed
  to deep gasps as Akbar fucked her steadily towards another giant orgasm. "AHHHHHHHHH!!!
  ARGHHHHHHH!!!" Sheila mindlessly wailed, filling the entire auditorium with
  her shrieks as the stripper on stage made lewd comments about hot white sluts
  needing big black dicks to the grinning crowd.  
 "That ring always gets them going" hissed Akbar as he finally exploded into
  the mature redhead's cunt. Sheila screamed involuntarily as she collapsed in
  a monster spend. "AHHHHHHHHH!! FUUUUCKK MEEEEE!!!" she shrieked at the top
  of lungs. Her fingers and toes twitched and her head twisted from side to side
  as her cum gushed out and mixed with her black fucker's gism. Her eyes had
  a glassy, spaced out look as she stared away. "See her pink little toes?" Tanisha
  pointed out to Randy. Sheila's toes were spastically twitching. "My assistants
  always takes the sluts' shoes off &ndash; they like to watch them squeeze their
  toes when they get fucked with that ring. 
 Tanisha led Randy back to the audience, making an effort to display her
  deep cleavage to the aroused white man. "Bet you'd like a sample of THESE" she
  leered at him. "But I likes it - GENTLE &ndash; the white bitches likes it
  - HARD." she hissed. Randy stared at Tanisha's heaving cocoa brown breasts
  longingly as he resumed his seat to continue watching the strippers. When the
  last one finished, once again a spotlight lit up the front of the stage.  
The two black attendants, led by Tanisha finally returned, holding the shivering
  red head between them. She was totally nude except for her powder blue stiletto
  heels, powder blue support bra, redone make-up, and silver earrings and necklace
  which accentuated her nudity. The signs of her last fucking had been washed
  away, but her cunt was noticeably reddened from the two screwings she had recently
  endured.  
 A line was lowered from the ceiling, ending in a pair of leather shackles.
  They fastened Sheila's wrists and suspended her a few inches above the floor.
  Tanisha bent over, and secured a spreader bar to her ankles which was then
  fastened to a ringbolt in the floor. The red-headed bitch was totally and lewdly
  displayed. As the wrist shackles rotated, the nude slut was slowly turned around
  for viewing from all perspectives.  
 Stepping forward, Tanisha said "The bidding is opened at $25,000. Do I hear
  $25,000??" "$25,000" yelled an oriental man from the rear. "$26,000" said an
  oriental woman next to him. "$30,000" yelled a black man in the front. "$35,000" yelled
  another. "$40,000" came from the back. "$50,000" said one of the people who
  had already bid. "$55,000" shouted another. This continued until the bid reached
  $200,000. "I hear $200,000. Does anyone want to bid more??" yelled Tanisha.  
 Three people in the back raised their hands. Sheila looked over and said "You
  bid more than $200,000 for this hot whore??" "No" one of them answered. "We
  want to examine the bitch personally before we continue with the bidding. 
 "O.K." said Tanisha. "How many are willing to post bond of $100,000 for
  a 'closer look'?" she asked. Ten sets of hands went up. "O.K. Just pay the
  man at the side there and you can all come up here" she responded. Ten people
  moved forward towards the stage, each with a wad of money in their hands which
  they deposited with one of the attendants. They then proceeded to the stage.  
 Tanisha selected the first bidder to examine Sheila. She was a slight oriental
  woman with a pinched face. Moving slowly forward, she lifted each of Sheila's
  tits in her hands, as if weighing their mass. Then with an evil grin, she seized
  one of Sheila's erected pink nipples in each of her thin fingers and squeezed
  them while starring Sheila in the face. Slowly, Sheila began to respond to
  this cruel caress. First with a whispered "ahhh" which rapidly grew to a loud "ARGHHHHH!!
  PLEASSSE!!" as the oriental woman smiled evilly and continued her pressure
  until Sheila was soon twisting and squirming as much as the bonds would allow &ndash; which
  wasn't a lot. Not stopping until the red head's screams filled the room, she
  finally released Sheila's bruised nipples. "These mature white sluts are so
  hot &ndash; especially the redheads," she remarked disdainfully. "She bring
  me much money in Hong Kong. Ladies there like white bitches like this very
  much." Finally she walked around the naked red head, peering at her body, and,
  after driving her index finger deeply into Sheila's asshole and slapping her
  white ass cheeks viciously, the woman, apparently satisfied, left the stage.  
 The next bidder was a young Asian man who approached Sheila closely. "Don't
  be afraid, woman." He said, as he closely examined her entire body. Finally,
  he looked into her mouth. "Just one thing left to check" he said, as he withdrew
  a speculum from his pocket. Bending over, he inserted it into Sheila's auburn
  haired cunt and opened it widely. Peering in, he was apparently satisfied,
  Seizing her by the hair, he kissed her deeply and at the same time reached
  down between her legs and began to openly finger-fuck her clit. Gradually his
  brutal administrations began to draw her towards another orgasm. "ARGHHHH!!!
  AGHHHH!!" she wailed. Finally, just as she was about he come he stopped, sharply
  slapped her ass, and walked calmly away. "Slut whore" he remarked as he passed
  Randy. Randy noted he thoughtfully left the speculum in her cunt for the other
  bidders.  
 Next was an older white man who immediately stepped behind her, and raising
  his hand, brought it down with tremendous force on Sheila's broad white ass.
  She managed to stifle a shriek, but gave a series of loud cries as he continued
  to spank her ass. "God do I want this slut" he gasped as he finished, leaving
  a trail of tears running from her blue eyes down her freckled cheeks, and a
  series of angry red marks on her white ass. "You say that about ALL the sluts
  we sell here, Walter" commented Tanisha. "Now look &ndash; you've gone and
  spoiled her make-up." She teased.  
 And so it continued as Sheila was poked, prodded and examined like a piece
  of beef. The last individual to appear on stage was a large black man. Grinning
  broadly, he stepped up to the naked red head. "Looking for more material for
  your 'school'?" Mgonzie, asked Tanisha. "Ahh yes. The last bitch I bought didn't
  last very long. You know its important for my young gentlemen to learn how
  to properly fuck before they marry a black lady. A mature white slut like this
  is perfect practice." Bending over, he spread Sheila's auburn cunt and inserted
  his finger. "My she has a BIG clit" he noted. "I'm sure she can take a lot
  of abuse before we resell her when we're done with her. 
 Leering evilly, he strode away, starring brazenly at Sheila's tear stained
  blue eyes. "I think we will have a date soon bitch." He remarked as he left
  the stage.  
 Tanisha started the bidding again and it became rather heated. Finally,
  the last bid was at $200,000. "My last bid is "$200,000. Do I hear anything
  more??? Going, going.." "$275,000" yelled a male voice from the back. "$275,000
  dollars for this hot bitch. Going once, going twice." "$350,000" yelled another
  man from the back in a deep voice. "$350,000 for this hot mature cunt do I
  hear anything more? - SOLD for $350,000 to the gentleman in the back" yelled
  Tanisha excitedly. Turning her face towards Sheila, she said, "It's a good
  thing you likes black boys cunt, cause where's you are goin', that's what's
  you'll get!! "   
 Randy watched eagerly as Mgonzie made his way to the stage to claim his
  prize. Turning over the balance of the money to Tanisha, he waited patiently
  for the two black attendants to release an exhausted Sheila from her bonds.  
 "You know my 'staff' always gets their "BONER" bonus now" grinned Tanisha
  as the six large black men Randy had met earlier at the entrance approached
  the attendants and their shivering nude captive. He noticed each one of them,
  as well as the two attendants holding Sheila, had bristle rings in their hands.  
 "Of course" said Mgonzie. "That will allow me time to finish MY negotiations." Tanisha
  looked at him quizzically. The slight oriental woman forced her way forward. "I
  will rent slut from Mgonzie for a few months in Hong Kong" she grinned evilly. "Mature
  white red headed sluts  
with big tits bring much moneys there &ndash; especially from oriental women.
  Bitch get more training." "I'm going to rent my new 'purchase' to Madame Tsao
  here for $75,000. As long as she doesn't scar the merchandise, the training
  will be good for Maureen. She will be better able to service my young gentlemen" Mgonzie
  said thickly as the oriental woman continued to leer cruelly at Sheila.  
The sobbing nude mature redhead was dragged roughly behind the curtain towards
  the pillory by the eight black men for another fuck session &ndash; complete
  with bristle rings.  
Tanisha turned to Randy and smiling said "Oh my, your redheaded slut is in
  for some exquisite pain. Madam Tsao and her female customers are really knowledgeable
  about hurting a WHITE woman DEEPLY &ndash; without scars 
"Can I watch the 'party'" Randy asked hoarsely as Sheila was dragged off
  the stage. "I'll do better than that Jones," said Tanisha. "You can participate "   
Grabbing Randy's hand, she pushed a bristle ring into it and then clutched
  his hand to her cleavage. "And if you WANT, we can party after ourselves. Just
  remember &ndash; save the ROUGH stuff for the white cunts." Randy felt her
  full breasts and she suddenly looked very appealing. "Yes" he responded "after
  I fuck the bitch". Tanisha smiled at him and said "Go rape her pussy tiger.
  We'll make love later.  
(The Next Episode: Sheila's Going Away Party &ndash; or the Slut Gets Gang
  Raped)  
 Sheila's Going Away Party  or the Slut Gets Gang Raped Part A  
(A continuing project to encourage bondage flicks involving black masters and
white female submissives)
 
  
  Randy, his cock twitching like a creature with a mind of its own, parted the
    curtains and entered the rear of the stage. He saw Sheila being held by four
    black men who were stretching her out spread-eagled and fastening her wrists
    and ankles to the corners of a metal frame which was supported about one
    foot above a wide mattress. The portion of the frame between her widespread
    shapely white legs was open. The writhing mature auburn haired slut was apparently
    oblivious to how her struggles and pleadings were actually hardening the
    forest of rampant black cocks which surrounded her, most of which were protruding
    menacingly from their trousers. Her twisting full milk-white legs made her
    reddish brown haired cunt gape obscenely. Randy felt his heart beating harder
    as his cock stiffened at the lewd spectacle the bound slut was presenting
    in her vain twisting to escape her bonds. 
 He noticed the thin faced Oriental woman watching as the black men tightened
  Sheila's bonds until she was so tautly stretched that even her broad mature
  ass was hardly sagging. The Oriental woman was smiling cruelly as she held
  a large ominous black bag in her gloved hands. She had been joined by the rest
  of the bidders who were watching the fun eagerly. 
 One of the two assistants who had assumed the role of leader spoke, We
  gonna do this white hoe right. First I'll get her to suck my cock hard, then
  I'll slide under her ass and bugger her good, and finally I'll put on my bristle
  ring and blow my load in her cunt. Each of you can follow me so eventually
  this red-headed slut will have three black cocks pumping her three cheap holes
  all at once. Dat should make her satisfied. DON'T BE GENTLE!! This be a BIG
  slut and she can take it  HARD!! 
 Stepping forward, he first rubbed his hardening cock between Sheila's pink-nippled
  tits, then, seizing her by her auburn hair, he fed his meat between her pink
  lips and skull fucked her viciously. Sheila made loud slurping noises as he
  rammed his black dick in and out of her mouth. SUCK THAT BLACK MEAT, YOU CHEAP
  WHITE HOE!!!!!! he yelled. Finally, with a gasp, he let her head go, and slid
  under her stretched out body onto the mattress. With no pause, he grimaced
  as he rammed his hardened cock into her ass and began pumping. TAKE IT BITCH!!!! he
  yelled. Sheila let out a loud shriek as he viciously cornholed the stretched
  out mature slut, AHHHHHHH!! ARGHHHH!!! NOOOOOOOO!!! Sheila gasped and twitched
  her legs vainly, her long full white calves and thighs jerking and her cunt
  lips winking obscenely at the crowd as he humped her butt. Don't just stand
  there, the black man yelled, next guy fuck her face  NOW! 
 One of the large black guards straddled Sheila's chest and with no further
  preparation, grabbed her by the hair and shoved his long fat tool between her
  pink lips and began to cruelly face-fuck her. Sheila's medium-sized pink nippled
  tits rose and fell as she gasped between slurps on the huge black dong. The
  black man beneath her continued to ram his meat up her broad white ass. 
 Bang her brothers!! Feed her black dick!! Fuck that bitch!! yelled
  the crowd in encouragement. Even the Oriental woman cheered them on, as Sheila
  continued to gasp between her stretched out lips. 
 Pulling his cock out of Sheila's pained arsehole with a gasp, the first black
  man yelled Switch!! Next brother fuck her face!!! Quickly, he slipped his
  pulsing black rod out of her shit chute and slid from under the auburn haired
  bitch. Stepping between Sheila's outstretched milk white legs, he slipped his
  cock ring over the base of his cockhead and shoved his dick into her hairy,
  widely distended cunt. The black man in her mouth withdrew his cock and slipped
  under her outstretched body to shove his prick into her ass hole while another
  black man straddled her freckled chest and grabbed her by her red hair and
  fed her his cock in her pink lipped mouth. Brutally, the first man slowly inserted
  his rampant black cock until the bristle ring contacted the red haired slut's
  clit. Sheila was being fucked simultaneously and viciously in each of her three
  holes. 
 MMMMHHHH she shrieked helplessly, over and over again as the black men
  fucked her. Despite herself, the pain and humiliation of her pubic gang-bang
  were turning the slut on. Her pink-nippled tits had hardened up, and a deep
  red flush had spread over her face and freckled upper chest, and her pink toes
  twitched spastically as she was triple-holed. White sluts need good hard dicks
  to make them hot grinned the Oriental woman who had sidled up to Randy. You
  fuck her too? she asked. When he had nodded, she said scowling evilly Fuck
  bitch HARD!! She REAL slut. Look at nipples!!! Randy noticed Sheila's pink
  nipples had hardened like tiny pricks, standing out erect at the abuse she
  continued to suffer as the blacks steadily fucked her. The man at her cunt
  was shoving his dick harder and harder into her sopping wet twat, finally giving
  out a loud FUCK YOU WHORE!!! as he blew his load. 
 Drawing his spunk covered prick from Sheila's distended fuckhole, he yelled, Switch
  again!!! Next brother  this SLUT is HOT!!! Again, the black men switched
  position and Sheila's hungry abused holes were occupied by new pulsing black
  dicks. Her flushed freckled face, cheeks distended with thrusting black cock,
  tearing blue widespread eyes, and running mascara made her look like the cheapest
  of whores. Randy grinned widely as he watched her brutal gang rape, his own
  cock hugely distended and pushing against his pants. In and out the cocks thrust
  as Sheila's face grew redder and redder, her bound fists clenched helplessly,
  her feet twitching and her full milk-white thighs slammed by the black stud
  fucking her. 
 ARGHHH the black man in her cunt yelled as he blew his load deep in her
  pussy. Pulling out, they again changed spots. The third man into her cunt made
  loud squishing sounds as his cock pushed in and out of her juicy twat, the
  spunk and pussy juice combining and running down her crotch and ass cheeks. NOOOO
  MORRRE UMMPPHHHH MMMMMMPHHH Sheila shrieked as cocks changed once again in
  her mouth, her lips once more grasping a plunging black dick. 
 GO brothers.. like ALL these white sluts, they looks better pumping black
  meat!!!, he yelled, having assumed the role of cheerleader, Look at that
  fuckin whore TAKE it yelled another. The erotic and sadistic event made the
  man in her cunt come even faster, yelling FUCK YOOOUUUU!!!! he blew his load
  faster than his two predecessors, flooding Sheila's twat with so much spunk
  it was dripping from her ass cheeks. Instead of pulling out, he continued to
  fuck the mature redheaded slut's twat viciously, loud squishing sound filling
  the room. 
 Get the fuck OUT of there Leon!!!! yelled the guy banging her ass. Its
  MY turn!!! You always stay hard!!!. I'm cumin AGAIN brother the man in her
  cunt yelled. These white SOCCER MOM types ALWAYS get me hard he gasped. Look
  at the SLUT!!! She be real hot!! Sheila's blue eyes were rolling in her skull,
  her white freckled tits were flushed red and her pussy was sopping wet from
  the abuse and humiliation of the public gang bang. Her body was dripping with
  perspiration and she was twitching all over. Randy had to admit, she DID look
  like a real hot slut. The blacks WERE right about mature white redheads. 
 ARGHHHHH gasped the man buggering Sheila's soft ripe ass. Look what you
  done made me do!!!! I just shot my load in her ASSS!!!!! ARGHHHH!!! MMMMGHHHH
  UMMMPGGHH screamed Sheila as she vainly tried to escape her brutal triple
  impalement as the man beneath her shot a hot load up her asshole. Gulping at
  air with her bound hands clenching open space and twisting her long legs, she
  gasped helplessly through her nose as she was gang-fucked. 
 ARGHHHH!!!!! I can't BELIEVE dis hoe made me cum again so soon  
  yelled Leon as he shot a second load up her twat. Once again, they changed
    spots, except the man in her ass slipped out, his dick limp from her ass-fucking.  
I get another chance LATER Leon, you bastard he yelled. So Sheila now had a
break  or rather her cunt did. The man in her mouth withdrew and slipped beneath
her, stabbing his huge thick dong between her meaty ass cheeks.  
  The next new black guy straddled her chest, and taking her soft, mature, pink
  nippled tits in his large hands, he rolled them around his black dick and began
  to titty-fuck her. 
 Sheila's head dangled loosely, her mouth as gasped Noooooooo!!! Nooooooo!!! mindlessly.
  As the guy underneath her bucked into her ass, her twat lips spasmed open and
  closed, revealing their well-fucked interior, oozing gism and her reddened
  erect clit, tenderized by the bristle rings from her three fuckings. ARGHHHH ARGHHHHHHH yelled
  the man fucking her tits. Pull the bitch's HEAD up he wailed as the man fucking
  her ass slipped out, put on his bristle ring and went to work on her well-used
  cunt. ARGHHHHH!!!!! OWWWWOWWWW!!! Sheila shrieked as the bristles bit into
  sore clit. 
 Leon stepped forward, and seizing the mature slut by her auburn hair, lifted
  her head up. The man fucking her tits gave a loud gasp and blew an immense
  load right into the startled red-head's face. The crowd roared approval as
  huge gobs of gism ran down her face. His spunk covered her eyes and hair and
  mixed with her mascara as it ran into her gasping pink lips. Gasping, Sheila
  stared out at the cheering crowd, her reddened freckled face dripping cum.
  At the same time the black guy in her ass pulled out, and slipping on TWO bristle
  rings, stabbed her in her open cunt with his dick. YEAHHHHHH!!! NOOOOOO!!!! Sheila
  wailed as he fucked her. Leon thoughtfully held her head up so the crowd could
  watch her cum-drenched face grimace as she screamed under the man's expert
  fucking. 
 Although his tool was smaller than the rest, his staying power and the two
  bristle rings more than made up for it. Ramming his dick home harder and harder,
  Sheila screamed involuntarily NOOOOO!!! NOOOOO!!!! I'm CUMMING!!!!! STOP!!!! Sheila
  collapsed in a limp semi-faint as the black man banging her finally blew his
  load up the mature redhead's sopping wet cunthole. 
 The first assistant then spoke Hey, let's have some real fun with this
  cheap hoe and wake her up before we fucks her again. HEY!! We still got to
  go!!! answered one of the remaining two black studs who hadn't yet fucked
  her.  
Want to fuck a piece of meat which ain't even MOVING brotha?? Go shove your
dick in a piece of liver the first assistant responded. We gots to waken this
hoe up and Madame Tsao has just the right stuff. he snickered at the smirking
Oriental woman. Now be smart niggas and help me get this white slut over THERE!! he
said as he motioned to a large wooden structure to the side. 
 Randy looked over to see what appeared to be two large sheets of plywood
  joined together at the sides in the shape of a steep house roof. It stood on
  legs and the peak of the roof was about 5 feet or so from the floor. In the
  center of the peak was a large hole, and on either side of the structure on
  the floor at the same position as the hole in the peak was a set of shackles
  fastened to ringbolts. 
 NOW give me a HAND!! he yelled as he started to unfastened the mature redheaded
  slut from the fucking bench. Quickly several pairs of black hands unfastened
  Sheila from the fucking bench and dragged the exhausted mature red head towards
  the wooden frame.  
Now spread her legs apart and get her to ride the wooden horse. Make sure her
wet cunt is RIGHT OVER that hole! the leader said. Then stretch her legs down
and shackle her ankles  he yelled. Quickly the nude mature white bitch was fastened
sitting over the large hole in the wooden horse with her long full thighs and
calves shackled to ringbolts on either side of the structure. Even by extending
her shapely legs to the limit, she was unable to rest the balls of her feet on
the floor. Rapidly the first assistant bound her arms wrist to elbow behind her
back, which forced her pink nippled tits to stick out proudly from her chest. 
 The Oriental woman handed the first assistant, a man named Dewayne, the large
  bag. Turning to Randy she smiled evilly and said Now we see REAL fun!!! White
  bitch get more like this later  in HONG KONG!! 
 Opening the bag, Dewayne pulled out what looked like a green bra, holding
  it gingerly by its straps. Then he pulled on a pair of gloves. Each bra cup
  was in the shape of a shamrock, with a tiny hole in the center. A long green
  strap dangled from each leaf of the two shamrocks. Handing a pair of gloves
  to another black man, he asked him to help. Quickly they slipped the bra onto
  the semi-conscious red-head's tits, and Dewayne drew up the bra straps tightly
  behind her shapely white freckled back. He fastened them so tauntly the straps
  seemed to disappear in her white flesh. Her white titmeat oozed over the edges
  of the green shamrocks. Dewayne then quickly pulled her erected pink nipples
  through each tiny hole in the center of the bra cups. 
 Sheila began to shake her head, her auburn hair swinging from side to side.
  Her glassy blue eyes quickly opened widely, and she began to shriek, twisting
  her body and shaking her medium-sized tits from side to side. Her screams filled
  the room as she wailed AHHHHH, NOOOOOO!!! Take it OFFFFFF!!!! 
 The Oriental woman smirked at Randy Nettle-bra make hot white bitch HOTTER!! 
 As Sheila continued to shriek full throated screams, Dewayne reached into
  the bag and pulled out a large fuzzy black dildo. Slipping under the wooden roof he
  inserted it into the twisting red-head's sopping wet cunt. As he left, he ran
  a long black wire out which he fastened to a small box. Standing up, he reached
  into the bag and taking out two metal clips, attached them to the erected nipples
  on the writhing redhead's swinging tits. Then he ran wire from each clip to
  the box. Finally, he attached a third clip to the twisting bitch's erect red
  clit and ran that wire to the box also. Grinning, he plugged in the box to
  a wall outlet. 
 Stepping back, he ducked under the roof once again to attach a long thin
  hoseline to the base of the dildo and ran it to a small air compressor which
  he similarly plugged into a wall outlet. As he turned on the compressor, it
  bgan to chug, inflating the dildo in the mature auburn-haired bitch's cunt. 
 The Oriental woman smiled up at Randy. Dildo covered with short horsehairs.
  Horsehairs soaked in special spices. Compressor swell dildo in bitch's cunt.
  Make her OUCH very much, especially when vibrator turned on!!!  
  Make have to fasten dildo to wooden horse so bitch cannot pull off it. Make
  White Bitch VERY VERY HOT!!! You see! Smiling, she reached between Randy's
  legs and squeezed his enlarging cock. Make you hot too to see bitch suffer.
  I know. Watching white bitch tortured by black mans make white men very hard
  too!! Soon you too fuck her! 
 As the dildo began to swell, Sheila's shrieks grew louder and she attempted
  to raise her broad white ass off the wooden horse to relieve the stinging in
  her cunt  to no avail as her long full white legs were firmly shackled to
  the floor. Randy and the crowd stood mesmerized by the wretched slut's twisting
  of her itching tits, and the stretching and jerking of her full white legs
  as she vainly sought to escape the gnawing hairy cock in her abused sopping
  twat. 
 NOOOOO!!! STOPPPP ITTT she shrieked. The play of her vainly clenching full
  calves and movement of her full mature white arse cheeks was creating hard-ons
  in the crowd. Most of the male viewers were openly masturbating. Even the Oriental
  woman was rubbing her crotch at the erotic site of the wretched white bitch,
  twisting and writhing lewdly like a hot slut being fucked out of her mind. 



 Converted from "1.txt" on 21-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



 New Epsiode - Sexhibition of Sheila

 


BY KHUFU KHUFU



Sheila was a sexy bitch and she knew it.  So did every guy who saw her.
Sure, she had a few kids and was in her mid thirties. But a lot of exercise
kept her in tiptop shape. At 5'11", she had long shapely legs, a firm ass,
and a set of good-sized tits. Pale blue eyes, auburn hair and an Irish
peaches and cream complexion marked her as a woman still worthy to fuck.

And Randy planned to do just that - fuck her good - in more ways than one.
Since she turned him down years ago in high school when she was even then a
ripe piece of ass, Randy had burned with rage and lust at the desire to
dominate, humiliate and fuck this proud bitch.  And now he had his chance.
Having a business as a loan shark helped make the right connections for his
plan.

Randy had arranged to have one of Sheila's children kidnapped from school.
Taken by a couple of masked men who owed him a favor and
large unpaid loans, the kid was taken to a hide-out outside town. He had her
tape, a phone message to her mother saying she was in good shape, but
wouldn't be returned until Mr. "Jones" was ready to release her.

Randy then dialed Sheila's home phone from his portable one. When Sheila
answered, he introduced himself as a Mr. Jones and then played the tape.
Sheila's blood ran cold. Randy explained that the return of her child, in
one piece, depended solely on her absolute cooperation.  He told her if he
so much as suspected she told of their conversation and demands to ANYONE
else, he would kill the kid.  Sheila said "How much money do you want?  I'll
get whatever you want; I just want my baby back safely."  Randy responded "I
don't want any money Sheila.  I want you - ALL OF YOU.  And I want you MY
way.  First, I want you to put on a bikini I am sending you in the mail,
together with a pair of your highest heels.  I will call you after you
receive the bikini."  Then he hung up.

Three days later, Sheila received a package though the mail.  It contained a
scandalously brief light blue thong bikini. No sooner had she opened the
package than the phone rang. Picking it up, the caller identified himself as
"Mr. Jones". He told Sheila she was to put on the bikini and the heels, and
take NOTHING with her - not even her purse - except for several lipstick
containers.  She was then to drive herself to an intersection the next day
in Camden, New Jersey and wait at the public phone booth there.  She was to
be at the booth at 1:00 P.M. and await his call. Since it was a warm late
July, he told her she should be warm enough.


Later that morning, a red-faced Sheila, provocatively dressed in her
revealing blue bikini and heels, got into her car and drove to the
intersection.  It was in a rough part of the black section of town, lined
with bars, porno shops and adult theaters. Nervously, she left her car and
proceeded to the phone booth. The booth was right in front of a Go-Go bar
with a flashing neon image of a nude white woman with red hair in front of
the bar.  As she waited anxiously in the booth, numerous young black males
passed her, taking time to brazenly ogle the scantily clad redhead in the
phone booth.

Her anxiety grew as the number of young men steadily increased and she made
a vain attempt to conceal her wide white ass cheeks, bulging bra cups (Randy
had deliberately sent a bikini one size two small) and prominent nipples,
rapidly erecting from their lewd stares and jokes (Randy thoughtfully had
removed the bra cup liners.)  As she squirmed uncomfortably, the
scandalously thin thong kept creeping up her ass crack.

Finally the phone rang.  She nervously picked it up.  Mr. Jones identified
himself and told her he was watching her every move from a distance and she
had better follow each of his commands precisely if she wished to see her
child again.  He instructed her to go to another phone booth, two blocks
away.  He told her she had only two minutes to get there, and she had better
hurry, then hung up.

The terrified woman quickly opened the door, and pushed past the leering
crowd.  "Hey sweetie, where are you going in such a rush?" "Come on honey,
stick around awhile" and other more suggestive hoots and catcalls followed
her as she ran quickly down the street.  Her high heels added to the obscene
spectacle by causing her bulging tits to wobble and her ass cheeks to jiggle
lewdly.  Her well-muscled calves tensed in her high heels as she ran...

Gasping and panting, her snuggly enclosed tits heaving, she reached the
phone booth just as the phone rang, and then closed the door quickly behind
her.  The voice on the other end spoke, thick with lust, "Well Sheila, it
looks like you have acquired quite a crowd of admirers!! Next time you're
going to have to run a little faster though. I love to watch your boobies
flopping up and down - and I KNOW THEY do too." At this point, Sheila
noticed that a thick knot of young black men had gathered around the booth
to watch her hungrily. Apparently the ones who were watching her before had
picked up some friends and they all followed her. Her attempts to hunch over
and conceal her tits only exposed her tight ass cheeks to the crowd.

"Now Sheila," the voice continued suggestively, "I want you to take out the
lipstick, and write a message for me on the glass of EACH side of the phone
booth - the message should be large enough for me to see, as I am in a
building some distance away.  The message should read 'Follow me for a REAL
good time' - put the 'REAL' in caps and UNDERLINE it.".   Mr. Jones said he
would call her in a few minutes again after she had finished.

Nervously, Sheila wrote the message as the hungry black faces staring back
at her body began to snigger and giggle.  Excitedly, they pointed at the
messages she was writing. Sheila began to get a sick feeling in her stomach.

Randy, continuing to pose as Mr. Jones, called about five long minutes after
she finished the message.  He told her to put her hands behind her head,
look out at the crowd and wiggle her hips and tits.  She was to do this 25
times in each direction, and leave the phone hanging while she did so.
Red-faced, Sheila, followed his directions as the crowd of young black men
stared at her wiggling hips and tits hungrily. She nervously noticed that
each of them was sporting a bulging erection.  Randy's cock hardened as he
watched Sheila's obscene show and the obvious reactions of her horny young
audience.  As soon as she finished she picked up the phone.  Mr. Jones said
"Very good Sheila, you look like quite a slut.  You must have spent a
lifetime practicing for this role. Now, I want you to run to the next phone
booth, which is two blocks to the right and one block to the left.  You have
exactly two minutes."

A very frightened and nervous Sheila ran from the phone booth, pursued by
the group of ogling, catcalling young black men.  No matter
how fast she ran, she couldn't get out from the middle of the crowd of
unwelcome viewers and harassers. Despite the fact that her obvious
titty-hard-ons were made more visible by the tight bra, she was thankful it
was a size too small as it kept her bulging, flopping udders from popping
out as she ran.

As soon as she reached the phone both, the phone rang again. Mr. Jones said
to her when she breathlessly picked the phone up "Very good Sheila.  Now I
want you to step out of the phone booth, ask one of the young gentlemen to
get on the phone with me, and wait patiently outside with your hands behind
your head, and your mouth open and legs apart.  REMEMBER I'm watching your
EVERY MOVE."

Nervously and apprehensively, Sheila did as she was told.  She asked one of
the nearest young black men to get on the phone, then stood outside the
booth as directed.  The crowd closed around her and they looked her over
closely while making lewd gestures which became more and more emphatic as
time progressed.  The seconds seemed like minutes and the minutes like hours
to Sheila as the growing crowd of aroused young black men stared and made
obscene gestures and offers.

As soon as Jake, the black man, got on the phone, Randy told him to close
the phone booth door. "Having fun?" he asked Jake.  "Yeah, man, this sweet
bitch is some sight".  "Want to see more?" Randy asked.  "Sure man", Jake
said, "my dick is hard enough already!!"  "Good" said Randy.  "I'm going to
get this stupid cunt to run to the next both.  I'm going to tell her she has
to make a collect call from that phone.  She has no change with her.  I'll
tell her to ask one of you guys for the change.  Make sure nobody gives her
anything unless she turns over her bra!"  "Yeah man", said Jake. "Now send
that silly piece of ass back in here to me" Randy said.

As soon as Randy had Sheila back on the phone, he told her to run to yet
ANOTHER phone booth, and wait.  Again, the tired and increasingly
apprehensive Sheila ran to the next booth.  She noticed the neighborhood
kept getting more and more abandoned and decayed, and the crowd following
her became larger and more boisterous.

As soon as she answered the phone call, Randy told her, "Sheila, this is
VERY important.  You are to call this phone number - he gave her a number -
in three minutes.  I'll be waiting for your call.  If I don't hear from you
by then, I'll assume you really don't want your kid anymore"  "But I haven't
any change" she cried.  "Ask one of the guys outside, slut." Randy said,
"It's not MY problem", as he hung up.

Frightened and rushed, Sheila opened the phone booth door and asked for some
change.  Jake, sniggering while he exchanged knowing glances
with the others, said, "Sure, lady, but I want your bra in return." "Looking
more red-faced than ever, a frightened Sheila stripped off her bra to loud
whistles and hoots and handed it to Jake who grinned evilly as he held out
two quarters. When Sheila reached for them, he held them high above her head
(he was over six feet tall) and said "Jump for them"

Sheila's face was now as red as a tomato.  She had been vainly covering her
hardening pale pink nipples with her hands, an effort successfully thwarted
by the young black man when she was forced to jump for the quarters.  "Look
at those fucking tits"  "Man I'd love to suck those"  "Hey lady, you look
like a regular milk cow" , "Ever work in a dairy, SLUT?" and other lewd
comments embarrassed Sheila as she scampered nervously back into the phone
booth. As soon as she dialed the number, Mr. Jones said "Sheila, you know
what comes next.  I want you to put your hands behind your head, put your
tits out, and wiggle your body while you face all the windows. Hang up the
phone.  Don't stop until I call you back."  Abruptly he hung up.

About five long minutes later, the exhausted and humiliated Sheila was
stopped by a ringing phone. "Sheila, go outside the phone booth, stand with
your hands behind your head, facing out, and send Jake back in." said Randy
lustily.  A very humiliated and red-faced mature redhead stepped out and
exposed her tits to the leering crowd as Jake took up the phone. "Jake,"
said Randy,  "the bikini bottoms are scheduled for the next phone booth,
along with a bare bottom spanking later by all.  Are you game?" "Yeah man"
said Jake.  "O.K.  Send the cunt back in", Randy said.

A totally humiliated Sheila managed to shove her way past the crowd into the
phone booth.  "Sheila" said the voice on the other end of the line thickly,
"still having fun with your friends?" "When will this be over?" she inquired
nervously.  "As soon as I say so bitch!" snarled Randy.  "Now there is
another booth two blocks down, and a block to the left.  BE there in a
couple of minutes!"  With that he hung up.

Sheila, covering her bobbing tits as best she could, ran to the next booth,
followed by an increasing boisterous crowd.  As soon as she arrived there
panting, the phone rang. When she picked it up, the caller identified
himself as Mr. Jones. "Now Sheila, write this phone number down with your
lipstick." he said, as he gave her another number. "And don't ask me for
change - you have three minutes"

Sheila looked out at the crowd and again asked for some change.  Jake, who
had assumed the role of spokesman said "Sure Lady.  But we want your panties
first!"   The red-faced housewife pulled down her panties and held them out
the door of the booth, vainly attempting to cover herself. Jake stepped back
and said "Come and get it bitch!!  Show us your ass, we know you want to!!"
Sheila was shamefacedly forced to run out of the booth, hand him the panties
and run back in with the change.  Quickly, she dialed the number.  "A lust
filled voice on the end of the line said "A little slow there, Sheila.
Don't let it happen again, or you'll make me angry.

Now, go outside the booth, put your hands behind your head, and wait for
Jake to call you.  Now send Jake back in."  "Pleaaassee," whimpered Sheila.
"DO it Bitch!" Randy yelled.

The crowd parted as Sheila left the booth. The crowd of black, lust filled
faces drew closer, as Sheila asked Jake to go back in. Leering at her nude
body, evilly, Jake went back in.  Sheila's rapidly blushing freckled tits
and reddish brown cunt bush was exposed to the lewd comments and brazen
stares of the randy young males.

"Hi Jake, do you like BONDAGE?" said Randy with emphasis on "bondage".  Jake
sniggered.  Randy then spoke to Jake "At the corner of the next street is an
abandoned factory.  The whole front of the building is open. At the back of
the open workshop is a door.  It's unlocked.  An open hallway is on the
other side.  There are three bags in the hallway, a small blue one and two
large brown ones."

"I'm going to have Sheila run there and open the blue one,"he continued.
"It has a cell phone in it with a phone number.  As soon as she calls that
number, I'll be there.  Make sure your friends all fit in the hall.  The
other two bags have some "toys" you will able to use on Sheila.  O.K.?"  "I
can hardly wait" said Jake, rubbing his lips and his crotch.  "Now go
outside, tell Sheila to turn around and face the phone booth, and wiggle her
ass, keeping her hands on top of her head. Tell her to keep it up while you
count to fifty, then have her come back in here and pick up the phone
again."

Jake went outside and gave the humiliated housewife her directions.  Jake
slowly counted to fifty while the crowd ogled her gyrating body, hooting and
making lewd gestures.  Randy, sitting in a window a few hundred feet away,
watched as the woman twisted obscenely back and forth, shaking her full ass
cheeks and medium sized tits.  He noticed her nipples were erect with
embarrassment and her eyes red with shame.  He also noticed the large
erections visible through the pants of the viewers.  At this point  Randy
had a raging hard-on himself, and Sheila's humiliation and shame added to
his arousal and to his determination to break this proud bitch.

Eventually, after many pauses to discuss Sheila's tits, cunt, ass and long,
full, shapely legs with his friends, Jake reached fifty, and the exhausted
redhead dropped her hands to her tits and ran into the phone booth.

Randy spoke to her.  He gave her the instructions he had given Jake, then
abruptly hung up.  The terrified woman ran out of the booth and down the
street into the building. But with her heels on, she was no match for the
large crowd of black youths, some only eighteen, who followed her close
behind.

They all crowded into the hallway while Sheila opened the blue bag and
called the phone number written on the paper. Randy answered the phone and
told her she was to do exactly as Jake commanded her.  Jake was in total
control, Randy hissed, and if she didn't obey him, he was instructed to call
Mr. Jones back, and her kid's head would be mailed to her address the next
day.

As soon as Jake got on the phone, Randy spoke to him.  "Jake, in one of the
two bags, the one with an "A" on it, is a set of wrist cuffs and a bondage
sleeve for the arms.  There is also a rubber dildo gag.  Tie Sheila's wrists
behind her back, and put on the bondage sleeve.  The tighter you pull it,
the more her tits will stick out.  Then gag her and pick up the phone.
There is a picture of the bondage sleeve to show how to use it."  "I know
how to use it" Jake chortled, "I read bondage magazines." "Excellent" said
Randy.

Jake went outside, opened the bag and approached Sheila, who was standing
nervously with her hands in front of her tits, as the crowd whistled and
clapped when they saw he bondage equipment.  "Don't hurt me" Sheila
whimpered.  "Just follow my orders" Jake snarled.  He had her turn around
and he fastened her wrists behind her with the wrist cuffs. Then he put on
the bondage sleeve and pulled the belts as tightly as he could, making
Sheila squeal involuntarily, as it pulled her elbows and shoulders back,
thrusting her nude, freckled, pink-nippled tits obscenely forward.  The he
stuck the dildo gag in her mouth. Finally, reveling in his new found status
and power, Jake held the shivering, nude bound woman by her arms and turned
her around to display her quivering tits and milk-white arse to the lustful
stares and lewd remarks of the large gang of young black men, who were
getting more aroused and rowdier by the minute.

Jake looked at the crowd and saw a very muscular young black man, who was
about twenty years younger than the nude bound redhead.  This young man was
in the forefront of the group, frequently making statements about the
"mother-fucking white slut," and how he'd like to feed her some black meat.
The state of his arousal was obvious by the huge tent in the front of his
shorts.

"Hey, Rashid, come here." Jake called.  As the aroused youth approached,
Jake told him "Hold this bitch while I get back on the phone. Don't let her
get away, now." he finished with a leer.

As Jake walked back to the phone, he smugly noticed that Rashid was taking
advantage of the opportunity to squeeze Sheila's tits, pinch her ass and
finger her cunt.  He pushed her around on her high heels to let all of his
friends to cop a feel.  Randy, watching the show from a distance, became
more aroused than he ever believed he could be, knowing soon this proud
bitch would  be totally humiliated and broken to cock &#150; ANY cock.

When Jake picked up the phone, Randy said "I think you are really getting
the hang of this!"   "Damn Right, brother" said Rashid.

"Do you know what a 'slut-strap' is?" asked Randy.  "No" said Jake, "should
I?" "You'll like this." Randy said.  "It is a belt that goes around the
bitch's waist.  In the front is a long narrow leather strap.  All along the
inside is a row of hard rubber, dull-pointed studs.  You pass the strap
through the bitch's cunt lips and over her clit, pass it through her ass
cheeks, run it through a loop in the back of the belt and then fasten it
around the belt in the bondage sleeve that goes around her elbows.  Then you
pull - HARD - and fasten it.  There is one in the other bag, along with a
few riding crops.  You will find the slut strap, properly applied, has
wondrous effects on a bound bitch, especially if she is walking."

"Damn" said Jake.  "You might need some help - Rashid looks like he is
really enjoying this." Randy said.  Jake looked around to see Rashid
mercilessly squeezing Sheila's erected nipples, continually slapping her ass
cheeks, rubbing his growing boner on her milk-white body and encouraging his
friends to do likewise. "Good suggestion" said Jake.

"When you finish, you are going to walk Ms. BITCH down the hallway and into
the next building, about three hundred feet away, and into the cellar.
Since this is a timed event and there are more "toys" for you to use on her
there, you can use the riding crops to move her along.  You will notice she
will not be too quick to move with the slut strap inserted if you do it
right.  Appropriately enough, there is a dog collar and leash to put on this
hot red-headed bitch in the bag too."

Jake hung up, went quickly over to the bag, and approached Sheila and
Rashid.

Sheila was twisting uncomfortably in Rashid's hands as he continued to poke
and prod her body.  This added to the number and size of the erections in
the crowd.  Her white ass was pink in places from slaps and pinches, as were
her long, full, shapely thighs and calves. After Jake explained to Rashid
their plan, they both had a raging hard-on, a fact that did not escape the
nude bound white woman, quivering in her stiletto heels.

Jake quickly belted the slut strap around Sheila's waist, tightening it so
she gasped.  Then, while Rashid held her arms firmly, Jake called over two
other young assistants.  To Sheila's mortification, they bent down and held
her cunt-lips wide open. Grinning evilly, Jake whispered something to
Rashid, as he grabbed Sheila's arms.  Rashid bent over, and extending his
middle finger in a lewd gesture, touched the red tip of Sheila's throbbing
clitty!  To the hoots of the crowd, Rashid began to stroke her clit, staring
insolently into her reddened PALE blue eyes as he started to finger-fuck her
in front of the crowd.  Just as she was beginning to gasp, he stopped.
Rashid then fed the studded slut strap thong between her legs, through her
ass cheeks, though the loop on the back of the belt to Jake, and who wound
it around the belt on her elbows.  Then Jake pulled - HARD!!

Sheila let out an audible squeal that even her gag failed to conceal.  The
effect on the nude bound red-head was immediate as the hardened rubber studs
on the slut strap bit home..

She was forced to thrust her tits out even further than before, her nipples
were rock-hard, and she tried, vainly, to ease the biting of the rubber slut
strap into her open cunt, clit, and asshole by standing on tip-toe in her
heels. This made Sheila's long shapely calves and legs stretch like she was
wearing immensely higher high heels and was most arousing to the crowd of
hooting young black men...

The gang of black youths howled and cheered and clapped at the lubricious
lewd spectacle the nude bound red-head was providing.  The red flush on her
face had spread onto her freckled pink-nippled tits, she was covered with a
glaze of perspiration, and a tell-tale fragrance was exuding from her dark,
trimmed auburn cuntbush. Her ass cheeks and legs were quivering and twisting
as she gasped for breath with reddened cheeks behind her gag.

"The final touch for the nude bound bitch" yelled Rashid, as Jake allowed
him to put the dog collar and leash on her.  Then the riding crops were
handed out to the crowd who were instructed to use them gently on her legs
and ass when needed. Then Jake told Sheila that since was such a hot bitch,
they were taking her for a little "walk".

As Jake pulled her collar, Rashid seized one of her erect, prick-like pink
nipples in his fingers and began to tweak and pull it as they moved her
reluctantly forward. As Sheila was forced to move, the slut strap stubs bit
mercilessly into her clit.  Her nipples continued to harden until they
looked as though they would explode from her chest. A thin trickle of fluid
- NOT urine - began to run down her long legs as she was forced gingerly
forward by the leash and the riding crops which bit viciously into her ass,
as the lust mad crowd of young men hurried her to her next humiliating fate.

Every once in a while she stopped, squeezed her legs together and came in an
embarrassing climax that was more humiliation and pain than pleasure.  This
led to a fresh series of whippings on her shapely calves and thighs by the
lust crazed young men around her, some of whom were openly masturbating
through their pants in front of the embarrassed nude bound red-head...



The Sexhibition of Sheila
Part 2 - Sheila Gets Skull-Fucked

Randy had prepared the cellar well.  He had erected a large stage at one end
of the spacious room.  Around the front of the stage were about fifty
chairs.  A large white spotlight was focused on the stage.  Secured to the
floor of the stage was an adjustable "spreader bar", and dangling from the
ceiling behind it was a length of chain ending in a meat hook. A large sign
with "HOT WHITE MEAT" printed on it was fastened above the meat hook. The
chain ran through a pulley on the ceiling and then down to a winch on the
side wall of the large stage. The rear of the stage had a large floor to
ceiling mirror, and the stage floor beneath the spreader bar also was
provided with a large mirror.   On one side of the stage was a "fucking
couch" complete with shackles, and on the other, a wall-sized rack.  Various
bags were scattered over the floor, ominously filled with assorted "toys" to
be used on Sheila by her "black admirers". On one wall of the room was a
large television screen which was running a lengthy porn flick in which a
nude, mature, red-headed white woman was bound tightly to a rack and
alternately fucked and whipped by a dozen black men.




He had thoughtfully provided several copies of porno magazines on each
chair.  They were all carefully selected to contain shots of white women,
all red-heads, either being fucked or tortured by black men.  As for
himself, he was comfortably ensconced on a chair behind a rear wall. A small
vision slit and a pair of binoculars gave him a close-up view of the stage.
Several carefully positioned cameras were set to capture the action for
posterity. He couldn't believe how hard his cock had gotten - just from the
anticipation!

Soon he could hear shouts and muffled shrieks, along with an occasional slap
coming down the hall into the doorway at the bottom of the stage.
Eventually, a thick of knot of young black men emerged and in the center was
an extremely flushed and red-faced Sheila.  Still tottering lewdly on her
stiletto heels, Jake was now pushing her along, having yanked her head back
viciously by her once well-coiffured auburn hair.  Rashid was pulling her
forward by both of her reddened and obscenely protuberant nipples, while
others in the crowd were slapping and flickering her strained calves and
thighs. At this point, most of the aroused young men were openly
masturbating through their pants.  Here and there a large black dick was
actually exposed, being stroked to prodigious size by its leering young
owner.  Sheila's crotch was reddened from the chafing of the slut-strap and
dripping from several cummings.  Long trails of cum ran down her milk-white
thighs. Her once proud blue eyes were now reddened with tears and
humiliation and an occasional mewing sound escaped her lips as a riding crop
found its target on her reddening white arse.

The crowd of blacks around Sheila stopped to gape at the large auditorium
and the porno flick. Taking advantage of the pause in the action, Randy
called from his hidden booth. A large red phone on a stand on the side of
the stage rang.  Quickly, Jake rushed over and picked it up.

"Hey man", said Jake, "what's next?"  Randy responded "Jake, see the
spreader bar on the stage? Take the bitch over, fasten both legs by her
ankles to either end, and adjust the width as wide as she can take it.
Remember she is a BIG bitch and can take a lot - HARD!!"  "I KNOW!!" leered
Jake. "Then remove the slut strap, and fasten the end of her bondage sleeve
to the meat hook. There are two Japanese sewing clips and some cord on
stage, plus two eye bolts on the floor.  They run right through the mirror.
If you do it right, you can turn the winch on the wall and pull her arms up
behind her, while some assistants fasten the Japanese sewing clips to her
bitchy nipples.  By pulling her arms UP and tightening the nipple cords
DOWN, you should be able to get her to stand with her legs apart, facing the
audience, her tits tightly fastened to the stage, and her big white ass
sticking out at the rear, facing the mirror.  Then take some cord, knot her
hair, tie the cord to it, and fasten the other end to the meat hook.  Then
pull back the cord until the bitch is forced to stare straight ahead at her
audience.  Then remove the penis gag, insert a ring gag, and come back to
the phone."

"O.K. Man" said Jake, putting down the phone.  He sauntered over to the
thick knot of young black men who even now were still squeezing and pinching
the nude bound red-head.  As Jake explained what they were going to do and
who would be assisting him, Sheila, who overheard the proceedings, took
advantage of the distraction to bolt for the door.  Stumbling awkwardly, the
naked red-head moved quickly, her soft mature titties flopping lewdly as her
rounded ass cheeks jiggled. Jake looked around in time to see the bound
bitch stumble back out the doorway they had entered. He yelled loudly to
Rashid, who dashed into the hall after her.  There was a loud squeal,
several loud slaps, followed by equally loud screams.  Soon Sheila was
roughly dragged back on stage by her mussed-up auburn hair.  Rashid muscled
her up to Jake who slapped her face viciously.  "Try that again bitch, and
I'll cut your tits off" he snarled.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The crowd dragged the sobbing woman to
the center of the stage. Rapidly,
several pairs of black hands had spread the helpless red-head's long shapely
legs roughly apart and fastened them by the ankles to the spreader bar.
Jake extended it until Sheila' legs almost seem to be splitting apart at her
cunt.  Her gasping breath through the penis gag testified to her discomfort,
as did her reddened face. At the same time Rashid removed her slut strap and
fastened the ring at the end of the bondage sleeve to the meat hook, while
one of his assistants turned the winch.  Soon the nude bound bitch was bent
tightly over, the tendons in her full shapely white legs stretched to the
breaking point, her ass sticking out at the rear towards the large wall
mirror, and her arms painfully dragged up and backwards. Beads of
perspiration ran down Sheila's exposed sensitive armpits, as well as along
her long, shapely, well-muscled legs.  Her auburn colored pussy was
stretched widely open,

Jake removed her penis gag and quickly replaced it with a black ring gag
which he tied tightly around her head.  Grabbing a handful of her thick
red-brown hair, he fastened a knotted cord in it, ran the end around the
ring at the end of the bondage sleeve and yanked her head back sharply.  She
gave an involuntary squeal as her face was forced up and forward, exposed to
the leers of the young blacks.

"HEY, this slut is WET!!!" said Rashid as he ran his middle finger across
Sheila's exposed cunt and lewdly jutting red clit.  "Let's see how much
wetter we can get this whore" said An eighteen year old black who approached
Sheila's dangling udders with the Japanese sewing clips.  "I never squeezed
a white bitch's tits before" he snarled. Randy watched as the young black
teen squeezed her dangling udders, then pinched each nipple tightly, causing
her to quiver.  Tears ran down her rigidly exposed face as the young man
fastened the sewing clamps to her aroused pink nipples, then yanked the
cords on them down and through the eye bolts in the floor.  Sheila's
dandling udders were now tautly anchored to the floor.  Jake, Rashid and the
young black teen adjusted her bonds until she was staring straight ahead,
her arms pulled painfully backwards and up, her tits tightly stretched down
to the floor and her ass obscenely jutting backwards towards the rear wall
and mirror.  Just about the only part of her anatomy she could move was her
upturned milk-white ass - and that only from side to side in an obscene
wiggle which brought laughs from the circling black youths.  Randy's cock
was rock hard.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jake slipped away from the knot of
black youths who were fingering,
pinching, slapping and squeezing the nude bound slut to pick up the phone
again to Randy.  "Having fun yet?" leered Randy.  Jake chuckled back "Yeah
man, what a slut!!  And to think she ASKED for this!"  "Right" said randy.
"She's a real honest to goodness stuck up whore and deserves whatever she
gets.  I hope she gets a lot!!"  "At least 8 inches from most of us!!" Jake
shouted.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"O.K. Jake.  There is a red bag on the
floor with some toys in it.  One is
a "Black Bull's Dong".  It is a large black dildo, with a big set of black
balls hanging from it, along with a bull's tail and a length of hose which
ends in a bulb."  "I'm listenin' man" leered Jake. "If you squeeze the bulb,
you will see a ring around the base of the dong expand.  The more you
squeeze the bulb, the wider the ring becomes until you can't squeeze it
anymore.  When stuck in a bitch's ass, the expanded ring keeps the dong up
her shit hole.  Now, when you squeeze the BALLS, air is forced into the Dong
head making it BIGGER and BIGGER.  Soon the bitch will think she is being
buggered by a REAL black bull."  Jake giggled insanely.  "Once the Dong's
head reaches its maximum size, all the extra air leaves the Dong's tip and
fills the bitch's ass.
When you think she is full  enough, unscrew the bull's tail.  All the air
will be released with loud FARTING noises that will echo across the hall!!"
Jake hooted involuntarily at the thought of the spectacle this piece of
white ass would shortly present.  "Good luck, and there is some special
grease you can use to ease the Dong in.  It is a secret recipe. But don't
get any on your fingers.  It contains mustard, cayenne pepper extract,
ginger and assorted other goodies.  I GUARANTEE it will make her shake her
ass!!  I think you guys can 'ad lib' it from there.  DON'T BE GENTLE!!!.
She's a BIG slut and can take it HARD.  Just call the number on the sheet of
paper next to the Dong when you guys are all through.  Feel free to use any
of the other "toys" as well as the rack and "fucking couch". I have other
plans for this bitch, LATER."  "Definitely" giggled Jake.

Jake put down the phone and sauntered past the gang of aroused young men
manhandling the bound bitch.  Dramatically stepping up to the end of the
stage, he spoke "O.K. brothers.  I know you all have a big hard-on for this
white bitch.  But I want you all to take a seat in the audience and watch
the 'entertainment' first!!!  I assure you, it will make you all HARDER and
better able to deal with this hot mature piece."  Slowly the gang broke
away, took seats and watched attentively, drawn to the video flick, the
stage, and the porn in the magazines on their seats.  Jake asked Rashid to
remain on the stage to "assist" him. Sheila, covered with slap and pinch
marks, her milk white skin and freckled upper chest and face covered with
perspiration, stared dumbly ahead. Only an occasional quiver of her
milk-white ass and the tears running out of her reddened blue eyes gave away
her anxiety.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jake handed Rashid the Bull's Dong and
whispered instructions to him.
Dramatically, Rashid stepped in front of Sheila, holding the Dong up so she
and the audience could view it.  First he squeezed the bulb until the ring
at the base was fully inflated.  Then, to the cheers of the crowd, he
squeezed the large black balls until the Dong's head swelled to twice its
normal size and the sound of air began to hiss from the piss hole at the
tip.  Sheila stared in wide-eyed horror at the sight.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rashid stepped behind Sheila and called
for two assistants.  Two
young black kids, about 18 years old, ran up to the stage.  Rashid asked
them to stand on either side of Sheila, making sure they weren't blocking
the rear mirror.  Then he asked them to spread her ass cheeks apart.
Eagerly, the two snickering young men pulled her ass cheeks apart.  Her
exposed bunghole was clearly visible to the audience in the rear mirror.
She audibly gasped.  The crowd cheered.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rashid liberally coated the Dong with
Randy's special fluid mix.  Then,
wetting his index finger with his mouth, he slowly inserted it up Sheila's
tight ass hole.  Her blue eyes widened as he rotated his finger around,
burying it to the knuckle in her big white ass.  "Uhhhhhhh!!!  Uhhhhhhh!!!"
UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!  Sheila groaned through her ring gag as Rashid, smiling
evilly, twisted his finger around. Not being in any particular hurry, Rashid
took his time, while Sheila continued to groan at her rude rectal "exam".
When her asshole was loosened to his satisfaction, Rashid placed the head of
the dong at the entrance to her shit-hole, after withdrawing his finger.
Slowly, he pressed the immense dong up her ass chute. Rashid was in no
particular hurry here either. There was an audible squishing noise as he
slowly drew out the dong, and slowly inserted it again.  Sheila's pale blue
eyes got wider and wider, and finally her freckled face flushed beet red.
Mewing and screaming "OHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTT!! AGHHHHHHHH!!!  TAKETTTT
OOHHHHTTTTTTT!!!" behind her ring gag, she tried shaking her head back and
forth.  This only pulled her tightly bound reddish brown hair and painfully
jerked her pink nipples. Any attempts to wiggle her big white ass were
frustrated by the two young blacks at either side of her butt, who
occasionally took a swat at one white cheek or another, or slyly reached
between her outstretched legs to tickle her engorged red clit and labial
lips.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy could barely contain himself.  He
moved the binoculars alternately
from Sheila's embarrassed and pained face to her tightly bound tits, to her
widely distend ass-cheeks, being slowly buggered by the immense black cock.
Her groans made him hotter than he had ever been.  He was now openly
masturbating at the sight.  Finally he had this bitch where he wanted her!!


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When the Dong was fully inserted,
  Rashid quickly pumped up the



basal ring.  At this point, Sheila was jerking her ass and head around,
tears were pouring from her reddened eyes, and she was vainly attempting to
shake her ass loose.  Finally, Rashid pumped up the Dong's head.  Sheila
began to scream behind her gag.  ARGHHHHHHH!!!!! AHHHHHHH!!!!!
MMMMMMPHHHH!!!! When Rashid finished and removed the bull's tail, the sound
of her farts filled the auditorium!!  Rashid repeated this several times,
finally leaving the engorged black Dong stuck up Sheila's ass.
The two young black men on either side moved away and she began to wriggle
her big white ass vigorously, in a vain attempt to free the immense black
Dong from her ass.  In the process the bull's tail swished obscenely back
and forth.  Suddenly there was a loud splashing sound. The pain in her ass
was so great Sheila pissed all over the stage floor, which brought roars of
laughter and claps from the young audience and made her face even redder
with embarrassment.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy noticed Rashid's dick was really
hard - it was pressing against the
front of his pants as he watched the nude bound red-head's ass wriggle back
and forth.  After giving Sheila's ass several hard smacks with his hand, he
finally lost control.  Moving in front of her, Rashid lowered his pants to
expose an immense throbbing black cock.  Even in her discomfort, Sheila
gasped at the sight.  Grabbing the mature bound red-head by her hair, he
shoved his dick into her open mouth and began to skull-fuck the bitch
vigorously.  "Take it you white slut whore!!" he yelled as he pushed and
shoved, with Sheila's body moving back and forth despite her tight bonds.
"Ummmmhhhhhh!!" screamed Sheila, her mouth full of the pulsating black dick.
Bending over, he alternately slapped her ass and viciously squeezed her
bound tits as he fucked her face.  The crowd went wild, loudly cheering and
urging him on with cries of "Fuck that bitch man!!"  "Give it to the white
slut!!"  "Slam it to her brother!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Ummmmmhhhhh!!!" Sheila continued to
scream, while Rahsid hissed "Fuck
BITCH, Fuck BITCH!!!" over and over mindlessly.  Sheila's tits were
painfully jerked downwards with each lunge of the immense dick, her  blue
eyes popped bulgingly from her face, her pink lips stretched around the
immense cock.  Her toes and fingers continually twitched as she screamed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Suddenly Rashid gave out with a loud
"FUCK YOU WHORE!!" as he unloaded his
swollen black balls into the redhead's mouth.  As he pulled out his cock,
Sheila gasped, letting his spunk flow over her pink lips.  Rashid screamed
"Swallow it, you fuck'n white whore!!"  When the pained red-head gasped out
more of his spunk, Rashid stepped behind her.  Picking up a wide leather
strap, he removed the black bull's Dong from her ass.  Suddenly he raised
his arm above his head and brought it down sharply, laying the strap across
the very center of Sheila's tight but full white ass. "EEEEARGGHHH "
screamed the nude bound bitch as the first blow hit her with the sound of a
pistol shot.  "You swallow all our spunk you cheap teasing white hoe!!!
Swallow all that black cum from now on or I'll whip the skin off'n your
white ass!!"  Rashid hit her a second time, across the base of her ass
cheeks.  "EEEOWWWWWW!!!  NNUUHHH MMURRRRR! She shrieked.
Again and again Rashid brought his arm down ,raining welts on Sheila's white
arse.   Her screams filled the room, to the evident arousal of all the on
lookers who encouraged Rashid with cheers and shouts.

After Sheila's ass was blistered with ten reddening welts, Rashid stopped,
and, having worked up another hard-on, stepped in front of the shivering
nude red-head.  Grabbing her by her ears, he viciously skull-fucked her a
second time and unloaded another volley of cum into her mouth.  Sheila
gasped, swallowing as much as she could.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When Rashid stepped away, Sheila's face
was dripping with his cum from her
stretched open lips.  Rashid spoke to the cheering crowd "Come on now, line
up!!  Let's all give this cheap hoe the kind of skull-fucking she deserves,
but save some for later - for her asshole and cheap cunt!!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Soon the was a long line of randy young
black men, each taking a turn at
skull fucking Sheila. After the first few fucks, her face was dripping with
come which covered her eyes, nose and mouth.  Yet more came on, grabbing her
ears and hair and blowing yet another load into her face.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jake walked behind her, and pulled out
his dick.  Not only was it large and
growing bigger by the minute, it was at least 2 inches thick.  Licking his
lips, he viewed her twitching white ass, covered with the ten angry welts.
Putting on a condom with a large French tickler, he liberally coated it with
the "special solution" they had used on the Bull's dong.  Stepping between
her full and shapely outstretched legs, their white calves quivering in her
stilleto heels, he pulled apart her ass cheeks.  Even with a black dick in
her mouth, Sheila managed a muffled "NNNNNNHHHHHH!!!!.  Jake puckered her
bunghole, placed his cock in it, and pushed forward.  MRGGGHHHHHHH!!
EOOOHHHMMM!!" screamed Sheila, incoherently between the ring gag and a
mouthful of black dick.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy was beside himself with lust. 
Soon Ms. Stuck up bitch was being
bounced back and forth like a marionette in its strings.  One big black dick
in her ass, and a series of others in her mouth.  Jake gave great hard
thrusts into her meaty ass, driving her towards the blacks in her mouth, in
spite of her bonds.  At each thrust, Sheila gave out a muffled scream and
scrabbled her fingers helplessly in the bondage sleeve. The stage at this
point was nearly as covered with cum as her face was , After about five
minutes of vicious buggering, Jake gave a loud grunt, pulled out of Sheila's
ass, and shoved his way to the front of her, elbowing some of his friends
out of the way.  Puling off his rubber, he jerked off into Sheila's face.
As gush after gush of hot gism poured over her upturned features, her face
began to resemble a large white Custard pie with two blue marks for her
eyes, and framed by a mane of disheveled auburn hair, thickly clotted with
the black men's cum.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy blew his load at this, soiling
his pants.  He couldn't wait for the
next scene.  He was sure Sheila was going to get a good fucking from all.



The Sexhibition of Sheila
Part 3 - The Breeding of Sheila (or Sheila Gets Fucked)


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By now, the blacks had been face
fucking Sheila for an hour.  In some
cases, three of them at once were unloading their balls into her cum-covered
face.  Gobs of gism were rolling down her cheeks, lips, and chin and the
floor below her was soaked in the blacks' cum.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Hey, Brothers," yelled Jake "save
  your cum for this slut's cunt



and ass!!"


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"How about some pictures of the Bitch
  for the future?" asked



Rashid.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;One of the blacks selected a flash
  camera from the bag of goodies left



by Randy.   "Look - a CAMERA!!!"


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stepping in front he raised it for a
  shot.  "Smile CUNT!!!" he snarled.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sheila starred dumbly ahead.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"The slut won't SMILE!!" yelled the
  black with the camera.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"I'll fix THAT" said Rashid. Stepping
  behind her, he raised



his arms and brought his hands down on her plump white ass, right over
several of the red welts he raised before.  "Smile SLUT!!!" roared Rashid as
he continued to wack her brutally.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The bound red-head forced a grin.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"The black with the camera took
  several shots.  "GREAT," he



said.  She looks like a REAL slut!!!"


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;They continued taking pictures of the
  cum-faced slut for some time, with



close-ups of her gism covered, grotesquely smiling face being the most
popular. Occasionally Rashid smacked her ass again to keep her smiling.


 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Finally Rashid interrupted "O.K.
  brothers.  Time to clean



this whore up, move her to the fucking couch and how her some REAL hard
black cock!!"

"Wait a second brother" said Jake, "I have an idea."

Jake was looking at the meat-hook apparatus.  "I think we can fuck this
bitch right HERE!!  Look, we can move the meat hook right above the
spreader-bar, hang her from her wrists over her head - TIGHT, and then
DOUBLE-FUCK the BITCH!!'

"DOUBLE-FUCK!! DOUBLE FUCK!!" the crowd of teenage blacks began hooting.
Sheila looked apprehensively around at the black faces staring at her,
searching vainly for a glimmer of pity.

"Payback time you fucken' white bitch!" yelled Rashid.  "Now we gets to fuck
your cunt like your people fucked our great-grandmothers!!"  "And your fat
white ass too!!" yelled Jake in return.

Jake and Rashid tossed several buckets of cold water over Sheila's face,
washing away the gobs of cum matting her hair and coating her face. Quickly
they undid Sheila's bondage sleeve from the meat hook, and while two black
youths held her twisting nude body firmly, Jake and Rashid moved the meat
hook so it was right over the spreader bar.  All four of them then secured
Sheila's wrist cuffs above her head to the meat hook.  Rashid walked over to
the wall controls and pulled up on the hook, and soon the nude auburn-haired
bitch was stretched erotically and lewdly in a rough triangle. Her arms were
tightly extended above her mussed up red-brown mane of hair and her legs
were still widely anchored to the spreader bar.  She looked like a pinned
butterfly - or a pagan sacrifice&#133;..

Sheila twisted and squirmed, her medium sized pink-nipped tits jiggled back
and forth, and her long, full, milk-white legs jerked vainly as she sought
to escape.  Rashid tightened the overhead hook and she gasped audibly. Her
pink freckled body became drenched with perspiration from fear and her
struggles.  The tendons in her long full milk-white calves and thighs were
stretched to the breaking point. The blacks leered at the quivering nude
bound bitch like dogs at piece of fresh meat.

"Look what I found here" yelled Rashid, holding up a piece of black leather
he found in one of Randy's bags.  "A Seabrook Helmet!!  We put it on the
bitch and she won't be able to see or hear ANYTHING!!  But BELIEVE ME,
she'll feel EVERYTHING!!"

Seizing Sheila by her red brown hair, Jake fastened the Seabrook helmet.  It
covered her head completely, only exposing two holes for her nostrils.  She
was effectively gagged, blindfolded and deafened.  The only part of her head
which was exposed was a large tuft of auburn hair at the top of the helmet
which Jake arranged carefully so it looked like a crest.

Now Sheila looked even lewder.  No longer a person, she was a quivering
piece of milk-white freckled pinkish meat - pink-nippled tits, broad white
ass, long shapely legs and brown-muffed cunt - exposed for the total use and
enjoyment of the crowd of black gentlemen.

"Well, lets FUCK her!!" yelled Rashid.  "Not so fast" said Jake.  "I found
some new TOYS to use on her!!  It will get us all HARDER so we can give this
red-headed whore the treatment she REALLY deserves."

Jake held up a mass of rubber-bands he had pulled from Randy's bag.  They
were all fastened together into strands about six inches long.  Some were
thick, some were thin.  He passed them out to the hooting young black men.

Approaching Sheila softly from the rear, Jake smiled evilly.  He held his
hand close to one of her quivering milk-white calves, holding the end of a
thick band.  Pulling the other end of the band back some distance, he let it
go with a snap onto the flesh of the nude bound bitch.

""MMMMUMMMPHHHHHHH" screamed Sheila from behind her mask.  Vainly she sought
to relieve the sting by twitching her calf, but could move only a few
millimeters.

Taking his cue from Jake, Rashid put his band a few inches from Sheila's
pink-nippled right tit, and drew the chain back as far as he could.  Then he
let it go with a loud SPLAT as it contacted the red-head's pink nipple.
"ARGHHHHHHMMMMMMMPHHHHHHHH" Sheila screamed incoherently as her nipple
showed an angry small red welt from Jake's rubber band.

"This is GREAT man!" yelled Rashid, as he watched Sheila's body quiver. "I
never GOT so hard before!!!"  "MMMMPPHHHRGHHHH" she continued to wail from
behind her helmet, the red crest of her hair bobbing up and down as she
shook her head from side to side.

Two young blacks slyly stood on either side of her big white ass.  Each held
a six inch chain of thick rubber bands.  Pulling them back as far as
possible, they winked at each other.  Simultaneously they released them.
With a loud SPLAT they bit into the bitch's white ass cheeks.

"MRGHHH!!!EHHHHHMMMHHHH!!!" shrieked Sheila.  Despite her tight bonds, she
managed to fling her pelvis forward and backwards about an inch, as if she
was fucking an invisible cock.  "EGHHHWWW!!!
MMMMGHHHHH!!!" she continued to shriek.

Every black cock was rigid, and most of them were exposed, as they watched
the mature red-headed bitch quiver and they listened to her screams. Despite
herself, her pink nipples were erect in pain.

A young gentleman, about 18 years old, approached Sheila from the front.
Leering, he pointed to her wide open, auburn-haired cunt.  Jake nodded.
Rashid stepped behind her, and, placing both hands firmly on the sides of
her hips, pushed her pelvis out as far as it would go.

With her open cunt gaped, the red-headed bitch's clit stood  out - proud,
plump, erect, unknowing  - and VULNERABLE!

The youth stepped forward, and, bracing his left hand firmly between her
full milk-white thighs, drew back a long, wicked thin rubber-band.  Sheila,
immediately realizing the implications of this, began mewing piteously
behind her helmet, its crest of auburn hair flopping helplessly as she shook
her head back and forth.

A crowd of the young  men forced their way forward to watch, leering cruelly
at the nude-bound bitch's open cunt and clit.  "DO IT" hissed Jake at the
boy.

The young man released the rubber band with a grin.  With a sickening
THWACK, it bit into the red-head's delicious clit.   Sheila seemed paralyzed
with pain.  Before she could respond he had pulled it back twice, quick as
lightning and released it two more times on its helpless reddening target!

"ARGHHHHH!!!! MMMMMOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO!!!!"" the nude bound bitch screamed from
behind her mask. "MMGHHHH!!!EEEEEEHMMM"
she wailed incoherently.  Despite Rashid's strong grip and the tight bonds,
she still managed to make lewd fucking motions as she vainly sought to
relieve the burning pain on her erected red clit.

Grinning like demons the black youths watched the mature white red head
writhing like a naked belly-dancer, offering her cunt seemingly out for a
fuck. "MRGHHHHH!!!!! AGHHHHHHHH!!" Sheila continued to screech from behind
her mask.  Soon she was assaulted on every side by young black men, snapping
rubber band chains against her vulnerable milk-white and freckled pink skin.

For the next half hour or so, Sheila danced in lewd display as the gang of
circling youths hit her all over her naked body.  Her full ass and long
shapely thighs and calves were the most frequent targets but her
pink-nippled tits received their share of this unwelcome attention.

While his friends were finishing up with their amusements, Jake was digging
around in the bag of "Toys"  Randy had so thoughtfully left behind.
He located a plastic container with a long thin glass tube in it.  Attached
to the end of the tube was a long plastic hose.  The container also held a
small electric pump and a tiny metal ring with a joint and a small clasp on
it.  Tthe container had a small diagram in it demonstrating its proper
"use". Jake called over Rashid, and grinning broadly, showed him their new
toy, explaining its use from the diagram.

Rashid and Jake sauntered over to the nude bound bitch, surrounded by the
aroused crowd of young black men.  "Hey gentlemen, step aside" said Rashid,
"and I will show you our new "toy".  But I may need some assistants."
Immediately the entire mob began shouting.  Jake called forward two young
black gentlemen about 18 years old.  Each had bulging erections thrust
through their open trouser zippers.

Rashid had one of the young men stand behind the quivering red-head and hold
open her pussy lips.  He directed the other to start massaging her clit.
Rashid himself held her firmly by her hips from the rear to prevent any
movement.  Soon Sheila was shaking her head back and forth, and muffled
"MMMMMGH!!" came from the helmet as the young blackman caressed her
reddening and enlarged clit.

After a few moments, Jake stepped forward, rubbed some oil on her clit and
presented the thin glass tube.  Quickly, he slipped it over her clit and
held it against her cunt, motioning the young man who had been
finger-fucking her to the side.  At the same time, he turned on the small
electric pump which joined by a plastic tube to the glass cylinder held over
the red-headed slut's clit. As the machine began to humm, Sheila began to
moan a low "mmmmmghhg".  Gradually, slowly, her clit was drawn into the
glass tube. As the pressure began to build, Sheila's moan became louder and
more emphatic "MMMGHRWWRHH!!
ARGHHHAUWGGHHH!!" Even the Seabrook helmet failed to conceal her anguished
cries as her clit got larger and redder every moment.  Even Rashid had a
rough time holding her mature bound bitch still.  Finally, after it was
extended at least an inch into the tube, Jake snapped the small metal ring
around the base of Sheila's clit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sheila immediately let out a loud
"ARGGGHHHHMMWWWMMFF!!"


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jake turned off the pump, removed the
tube, and motioned everyone away.
They all stared at the erotic fantasy before their eyes.  The nude bound
white woman was glistening with perspiration and covered with tiny welts all
over her body with a concentration around each nipple, her cunt, her broad
ass-cheeks and her taunt shapely legs.  She was twisting and squirming
vainly as her clit, large, erect and reddened, stood proudly and vulnerably
out from her auburn cunt bush.  She kept making lewd fucking movements as
she tried to relieve the itching in her erected clit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grasping a long feather he had had
taken from the bag of "toys", Rashid
drew it across Sheila's erected clit.  "ARGHHWGHHMMGGHH!!" Sheila mindlessly
shrieked from behind the confines of her helmet.  "GRHWAUGHHOOOO!!" she
continued as a grinning Rashid mercilessly tortured her erect clit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Finally Rashid couldn't take anymore. 
His monstrous dick was fully erect,
sticking menacingly out of his trousers, and he jumped the quivering nude
body in front of him, ramming his cock home into her moistened cunt.  As he
viciously fucked the bound bitch, his black pubic hair brushed against her
erected and sensitive clit.  Wailing mindlessly, Sheila was brutally jerked
back and forth until with a loud groan, Rashid shot his load into her auburn
haired twat.  The cum oozed out of her cunt as he withdrew his cock from her
body.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"O.K. Everybody, FUCK HER!!!" yelled
Rashid.  "Just a moment" said Jake.
"Let's take her helmet off so she can watch"  He quickly undid the bonds of
the helmet and the red-head's face was now released to view.  Her blue eyes
were drenched in sweat and tears and her freckled cheeks red from the
helmet.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grabbing her by the mane of her auburn
hair, Jake snarled "Now bitch, we're
filming this.  I want you to look like the big red-headed white slut you are
and smile as though you are enjoying it.  If you don't you get this."
Stepping back, Jake raised his arm and brought down a long broad strap
across Sheila's vulnerable ass.  Twice he hit her and she managed to shriek
loudly through her ring gag "PPLLLSSSE NOOOOOO!!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tossing away the strap, Jake stepped
forward and drove his now fully
erected cock into Sheila's bunghole.  At the same time another black man
stepped forward and inserted his hardened dick into her cunt.  Jake reached
around and seizing her pink nipples as hand-holds, he began to vicioosuly
bugger her.  The black man in front reached around and seizing her ass
cheeks, used them for support as he slammed his cock into her cunt, grinding
his pubic hairs against her erected red clit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Vainly attempting to smile, Sheila was
jerked forward and backwards by the
two black gentlemen fucking her.  Soon they were replaced by two more
players who filled both her holes with more cum.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy, watching the show from behind
the wall, got so hot he blew his load
before he could even touch his cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;And so the fucking continued, with each
black youth attempting to surpass
his predecessor in getting the bound white slut to shriek even louder, as
streams of cum gushed out of her asshole and furry cunt and ran down her
long, stretched out and shapely white legs..














Part IV Sheila on the Block (Or the Bitch gets Sold)



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;After about an hour or so, the youths
were fagged out.  Lying around
resting, an occasional young man got up, made his way over to the quivering
piece of pink freckled fuckmeat and humped her cunt or ass.  By now Sheila
was just hanging limply, and only an occasional groan escaped her panting
pink lips in response to any renewed fucking or buggering. Her long shapely
milk-white calves were covered with streams of cum, as was her noticeably
reddened cunt and arse.  The gism covered the floor.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy, again posing as Mr. Jones,
called up Jake.  Jake stood up and
staggered over to the phone, not ignoring the opportunity to viciously pinch
Sheila's broad arse as he passed by.  Only a brief whimper escaped her lips.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Jake" Randy said, "are you guys
finished with the slut??"  "I guess so
man." Jake responded. "We'll be moving out soon.  But how do we know we
won't get caught later?" he said, looking wistfully at the nude red-headed
woman hanging limply from her bonds.  "Easy," Randy continued "I'm going to
sell her out of the country.  As a matter of fact, her `sales agent' should
be showing up real soon.  Just leave her there and the agent will take care
of the rest."  "O.K." Jake replied. "I guess we'll just take off now.
Thanks for the fun.  We all enjoyed it."  With than, Jake hung up the phone,
and by twos and threes, the exhausted young black men left.  A few, still
aroused, paused to fuck the bitch one more time before they left.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy, hiding in his hole, waited until
they all left.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Putting on a black mask, he made his
way down to the floor and approached
the dejected, sobbing figure hanging from her bonds.  Before he could do
anything else, there was a loud rapping at the door.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Hey, Jones, you in there?? " came a
loud, demanding female voice.
"Come right in Tanisha" said Randy.  The door quickly opened and a large
black woman, about 200 lbs., accompanied by two well-muscled black
assistants appeared.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Wooo-weee!!" Tanisha yelled as she
stared at Sheila.  "That Bitch done
been fucked real good!!!"  "Yes" Randy responded, "can you use her?"
Tanisha walked over to Sheila and eyed her up and down.  "This bitch can
bring some good money, once we heal her up, do her up, and `train' her
right!!  WHAT A BIG CLIT!!!  How much do you want?"  Randy stopped for a
moment and said &#150; " you can have her for five thousand on several
conditions."  "I'm waiting" Tanisha said.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"One I get to watch the sale.  Two, I
get to fuck her before she goes.
Three she gets sold out of the country &#150; somewhere she won't be coming back
from." Randy said.  Sheila raised her tear-stained head and looked at him
briefly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"A DEEEAAAAL!!!" responded Tanisha. 
"I'm goin to sell this Bitch somewhere
special &#150; where she'll get top dollar.  You can fuck her during the sale,
before she gets `packaged'.  And believe me, where this cunt is goin, ain't
NOBODY around here goin' to see her pretty white arse again!!!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tanisha opened her purse, pulled out
five thousand dollars in hundred
dollar bills and paid them over to Randy. Then she motioned to her two
assistants who approached Sheila, pulled down their pants and revealed two
of the largest and blackest dicks Randy saw that day.  Without a word, they
proceeded to double-fuck the naked woman dangling before them with great
humps, one in her ass and the other in her cunt.  Sheila gasped loudly, and
Randy heard the squishing sound of the two cocks in her cunt and ass as they
ploughed through the spunk left by the previous crowd which had filled the
room earlier.  "They needs to show the slut whose boss first off" said
Tanisha.  Despite her recent experience, she wailed loudly "ARGHHHHH!!!
AWOHHHH!!! PLEAAASSEE!!" Grinning broadly, both men continued to fuck Sheila
for at least another fifteen minutes.  Both Randy and Tanisha watched as the
two men succeeded in drawing another long, painful orgasm from the naked
red-head.  Then just as quickly, the unfastened her, wiped their dicks clean
in her hair, bound her arms behind her, covered her in a long cloak and
forced her out the door.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Hot bitch" said Tanisha, licking her
lips.  "I'm REALLY gonna enjoy
training HER!!"  "Have fun" responded Randy.  "When is the auction?"  "Give
me about a few months to break and train her." said Tanisha.  "There is a
B&amp;D club in Philly &#150; I'll e-mail you the address and time.  They let me rent
out their hall for special occasions like this every once in a while. They
don't ask me no questions and I don't ask them any questions either."  Then
she left as abruptly as she came.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy rapidly cleaned up the mess left
behind, being careful to bag up all
the left-overs and toss them in different dumpsters all over the industrial
park. The only thing he kept was the pictures.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For the next few months, Randy could
barely control himself.  He kept
looking over the tapes and photos gain and again, eagerly savoring the
spectacle of Sheila's humiliation.  Finally, one day, he received the e-mail
&#150; along with the address and time.  1:00 A.M. Friday &#150; in one of Philly's
most run-down neighborhoods near the docks.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That night, Randy, his face concealed
with a false beard and the e-mail
Tanisha gave him, made his way to the building.  Opening a large door, he
proceeded as directed down a long passageway to a cargo elevator and pushed
the button for the bottom floor.  Once the elevator doors opened, he saw a
small reception room with about five large black men sitting around.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"What you doin' here man??" Challenged
one of the five, reaching under his
armpit.  Randy flashed Tanisha's e-mail.  The large man took it, read it
suspiciously, then motioned to a large door.  One of the other five men
sullenly opened it.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy entered a large hall.  In the
center of the hall was a large stage
with a spotlight on the center. As his eyes grew accustomed to the darkness,
he made out about fifty or so other men and women sitting closely to the
stage.  All or almost all were Asians or blacks.  Randy presented his e-mail
to another large black man inside the doorway, who led him to a front-row
seat.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loud raucous music was playing and a
singularly unattractive black woman
was doing a poor imitation of a strip-tease.  Finally the music stopped and
the woman left the stage to a few half-hearted claps, bowing and smiling.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A few moments later, Tanisha entered
the stage with a flourish.  Attired in
a deep red satin dress, she almost looked sexy with large cleavage and an
enormous rump &#150; but her tough features ruined any normal attractiveness.
Stepping to the front of the stage she began "Ladies and gentlemens, I have
a special treat for you here today.  We will be auctioning off to the
highest bidder an attractive white red-head &#150; mature, quite talented and
MOST fuckable.  But you will all see that soon for yourselfs.  I will open
the bidding after she is properly `introduced,' at twenty-five thousand
dollars. I KNOW you will not be disappointed."


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pointing to the side of the stage,
Tanisha yelled "Get in here BITCH &#150; its
your big day-bew!!!  NOW GIRL!!!!!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Randy looked at the side of the stage
and the curtains parted.  Out walked
Sheila, `escorted" by the two black male attendants, dressed in tight black
body suits.  Both had sadistic smirks on their faces and carried riding
crops.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sheila stared straight ahead.  Her
auburn hair had been done up in a
sophisticated style. Her reddened blue eyes were set off with darkened
lashes and blue eye shadow, and her pink lips were painted a bright red.
Her freckled face had only a touch of rouge.  She had on some large cheap
silver costume jewelry and was wearing a demure white blouse which was
flounced out in front.  She had on an equally demure looking white skirt &#150;
except it stopped about three inches above her knees.  Her full shapely legs
had no stockings, but ended in a pair of 2" high stiletto powder blue high
heels, which sensuously accented her calves.    The crowd whistled, stamped
and hooted.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"This hot bitch answers to Maureen. 
What she was called before now is
irrelevant.  Gentlemen, move Maureen to the front of the stage and get her
ready."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sheila blushed a deep red as the two
black attendants moved her roughly to
the front of the stage.  The spotlight moved from Tanisha to Sheila so all
the rest of the room was bath





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Great Knufu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





