BDSM Library - how i became Her property




how i became Her property
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: the full story of how I willingly surrendered myself into slavery at Her hands This is the story of how i became the property of ____. i am a male, and
  ____ is a female.  
1. i met ____ during our first term at college. It was a small school and
  we lived in the same dorm.  
 i was a very lonely teenager, very individualized, rebellious. i think that
  i was intelligent, and i always had a sort of drive to accomplish great things.  
 ____ was not a pretty girl by any conventional standards. She didn't seem
  at all shy about Her appearance though. In fact, She was very extroverted,
  very uninhibited.  
2. She became interested in me first, and She was the one who did the pursuing.
  She would often come to my room to talk to me and spend time with me.  
 i enjoyed Her company, and was happy to have a friend, but i didn't think
  that i wanted Her to be my girlfriend, because of Her appearance. i really
  did want a girlfriend very badly, but i didn't think that She could be the
  one. i was very sex-starved, having only had sex a few times in my life up
  until then, and i was of course somewhat attracted by Her lack of inhibition.  
3. One night She kissed me, and we started making out. i was just about to
  break it off and leave when She pulled my pants down and started sucking my
  cock. i lay my head back down on the floor and acquiesced, because i just couldn't
  say no to something like that.  
 She was very good at what She was doing, and i got gradually closer and
  closer to orgasm. As She was doing it, She took off Her clothes, and i let
  Her take off my clothes. i was just about to come when She gently slowed down,
  took Her mouth away, lay down on the bed, and spread Her legs. i was too turned-on
  to stop now. i mounted and penetrated Her. Her pussy was very tight, and very
  wet. i thrusted hard while we kissed passionately.  
 Since the other times i had sex had been with condoms or pulling out at
  the end, i had never been able to really come in a girl before. However ____
  was on the pill, and when i came in Her it was the most intense pleasure i
  had ever experienced up to that point.  
 Afterwards we lay together cuddling, licking each other, and making out.
  After a few minutes we had sex again. We ended up having sex about seven times
  that night. We both fell asleep right after the last time, and when we woke
  up the next afternoon, we had sex again.  
 i really enjoyed it, the release, the closeness, after being lonely and
  frustrated and reserved for so long. That night i forgot about any ideas i
  had had about not getting into a relationship with Her.  
4. i started spending a lot of my time Her room, which She had to herself,
  and sleeping there most nights.  
5. i had been fantasizing about bdsm since before my first orgasm, about
  being dominated. When we were still just friends She had told me that She was
  very interested in bdsm, and now that we were having sex i couldn't resist
  the opportunity to see what it would be like. i told Her that i wanted to try
  it with Her.  
6. We started doing light power play.  
 She bought a leash and collar for me, and a pair of leather wrist cuffs.
  She would tell me when to take my clothes off in Her room, and i would obey
  Her; i would usually be naked there. She would cuff me to the bed and command
  me to lie still while She stroked me and teased me. We would always have sex
  when She wanted (which was very often), but i would need Her permission to
  do anything. Of course i wasn't ever allowed to masturbate unless She told
  me to. i spent a lot of time licking and kissing Her feet, Her legs, adoring
  Her, worshipping Her. It was wonderful to be able to actually express total
  love for someone without holding anything back.  
7. She bought a whip and started whipping me. The first time, She cuffed
  me to a post, bottom up, with my legs tied to posts on either side. She put
  a gag in my mouth so that i could barely make a sound. i was thrilled by the
  fact that i couldn't escape, and couldn't even say anything to beg Her to stop.
  i completely surrendered internally. She gently stroked my body with Her whip:
  my back, my neck, my bottom, the crack between my bottom. She kissed me tenderly
  on the cheek. And then She started whipping me. She whipped me all over my
  body until my skin was raw and bleeding in some places. Then She took out my
  gag and ordered me to eat Her out. i was Her slave and i ate Her out like a
  slave. Afterwards we had sex three times, cuddling and stroking each other
  in between. During this time i did exactly what She told me to do, when She
  told me to do it. i had never felt closer to another human being. i knew that
  i wanted Her to whip me again. i wanted Her to own me, as intensely and completely
  as possible.  
8. i spent a lot of time eating Her out. She was insatiable and She wanted
  it all the time, that is several times a day. She was training me to do it
  better and better. If i was less than skillful or energetic, then She would
  often spank or whip me, sometimes hard. She had had a number of other girls
  eat Her out, so She knew different techniques and She knew what She liked.  
 Sometimes She would order me to fuck Her after eating Her out, and sometimes
  not. At first i used to beg Her for sex a lot at those times because i was
  so turned on (even though we were having sex several times per day anyway).
  However, She soon made rules against aggressive begging, and sometimes spanked
  me or whipped me if i bothered Her with it. i learned that when i wanted to
  have sex i should indicate it by submissive body language, but not bother Her
  by talking or getting in Her way. In general i found myself talking less and
  less.  
9. She knew that i found Her ugly and thus somewhat repulsive, and so She
  often tied me up so that i was at Her mercy and then worked on training my
  mind. She would ask me whether i thought that She was the most beautiful girl
  in the world, and to answer honestly. Of course She whipped me or otherwise
  hurt me if She thought i was lying or not being enthusiastically sincere enough,
  and She also punished me if i didn't say that She was beautiful and perfect.
  The purpose of this was to get to the stage where my love for Her was absolute,
  unambivalent, by erasing all hesitations i might have, conscious and unconscious,
  so that i actually did believe that She was beautiful and had no will to do
  anything but love and obey Her. The method was to work from the outside in,
  to use the learning of punishment and reinforcement not only to change my behavior
  to one of total obedience, but to change even my immediate perceptions, such
  as the perception of Her beauty.  
 Likewise, She would ask me whether i liked the taste of Her pussy. i would
  be punished for saying that i didn't like it, or for saying that i liked it
  without really believing that i did. At first of course i found the taste unpleasant,
  but ultimately i genuinely believed it to be the most wonderful taste in the
  world, and could never wait to taste it again. And not only did i believe it
  to be pleasurable, but i actually experienced it as being pleasurable when
  i was eating Her out, without even thinking about it.  
10. She bought a series of dildos, and started fucking me in the ass with
  them, to increase my sense of humiliation and submission. She shaved off my
  pubic hair, and She began shaving it on a regular basis.  
11. i was starting to fall behind in my classes, as i was only allowed to
  do homework during times when She didn't have me around, which was getting
  to be less and less. The less of a footing i had in the outside world, the
  more i came to depend on Her.  
12. She started making our relationship more public. At first, it was just
  Her friends. When She had guests in Her room, i would often be there. At first
  i would be clothed, but it was obvious that we were having sex on a regular
  basis, and it was just as obvious that i was submissive to Her, as i would
  sit passively unless spoken to, or unless She told me to do something. She
  had me fetch things for Her friends, etc. Then, She would call me to Her, kiss
  me, have me lie at Her feet, stroke my hair, stroke my face, stroke my nipples
  through my t-shirt.  
13. Then, one time that She had friends over, She started taking my clothes
  off. She put a blindfold on me, and stripped me naked as they watched. She
  had me lie flat on the floor with my arms above my head, and She idly stroked
  me as they talked.  
 One of Her friends asked if She could touch me. ____ put on my leash and
  collar, and cuffed my wrists behind my back. She ordered to crawl over to Her
  friend and lay my head in Her lap, which i do. She ordered me to obey Her friend
  in whatever She said (unless of course ____ countermanded her by saying otherwise).
  Her friend was someone who i had seen around in the days before i got involved
  with ____, someone i had talked to on a casual basis. Now i was at her mercy,
  in a totally unequal and humiliating position. She stroked me, teased my nipples,
  ordered me to present my bottom, and spanked me really hard. i was completely
  pliant. She started kissing me, and we made out for about fifteen minutes while
  the others talked. As we made out, she pinched my nipples, squeezed my cock,
  then straddled me and pinned me to the ground. Presently, ____ told her that
  i give excellent blow jobs. Her friend unbuttoned her jeans, pulled them down,
  took off her underwear, and ordered me to start sucking her, which i did until
  she came.  
14. Of course, it was not uncommon for ____ to have sex with other people
  besides me. She had a casually sexual relationship with many of Her friends,
  some male and some female. Sometimes She would cuff me to a wall and tell me
  to be still while someone else fucked Her. Often enough i would be called in
  to participate, of course always in a subordinate role. For example, i would
  be told to kiss asses, lick feet and legs, suck pussies, suck cocks, and sometimes
  get fucked in the ass.  
15. ____ started leading me around campus on the leash. First, with some
  clothes on, and after awhile, completely naked. Occasionally, and just for
  fun, She wouldn't let me pee for a certain length of time, and would only allow
  me to do so once i was outside on the leash and She gave me permission.  
 At this stage, of course, everyone knew me as ____'s slave. There was no
  chance that anyone could look at me as a normal person. People seemed to feel
  a mixture of disgust, pleasure, cruelty, curiosity, and humor. Socially, i
  was now completely dependent on ____. i didn't have any friends besides Her
  and Her friends. Of course all of Her friends treated me as Her slave. When
  i was with Her along with other people, i would always wait for Her instruction
  to speak. Otherwise, i would stay silent.  
16. She started forbidding me to even go to classes. She told me not to worry
  about failing school, because She would take care of me as long as i was completely
  obedient to Her. Since Her family was rich, i knew that She could do this.
  i stopped going to class.  
17. We were still having sex several times per day, and i usually ate Her
  out more than that. i was addicted to this lifestyle and had little desire
  to do anything else. i massaged Her often, and She sometimes massaged me when
  i was sore. We spent a lot of time cuddling, and i was rarely more than a few
  feet away from Her. i obeyed Her in everything i did, and was punished for
  even the most minor and involuntary disobediences. i accepted these punishments
  happily.  
18. i even started going to Her classes with Her, at Her command, of course.
  i usually sat at Her feet naked and on a short leash, focusing on Her, while
  She sat on a chair engaged in the class, sometimes idly stroking and tugging
  my hair, or resting Her hand on my head. She would reach down from time to
  time and silently guide my head to lick at Her feet, Her legs, sometimes Her
  pussy, or to be still. i know the most subtle signals of Her hand.  
19. We started talking about having me branded and tattooed. First She let
  five days go by where i ate Her out and pleased Her in other ways but was not
  allowed to penetrate Her or have an orgasm. The sexual deprivation heightened
  my hopeless adoration of Her. On the last night, She had me kneel naked before
  Her while She sat above me in a chair. While She talked, She was stroking my
  body gently with the tips of Her fingers, including my penis, which was completely
  erect. She told me that if She marked me, it meant that i would belong to Her
  for life and would always have to obey Her, but also that She would always
  take care of me. She asked me if i wanted that, and i said yes. She said that
  i would be allowed to fuck Her again once i was marked. Then She told me to
  eat Her out again, and we went to sleep.  
 The next day She took me to a tattoo studio in a nearby city to have the
  branding done. i took all my clothes off and lay down on the table, bottom
  up, while the man heated up the irons. He strapped me down to the table, so
  that i couldn't move my waist an inch. ____ stroked me and looked into my eyes
  with an expression of complete triumph and dominance, while i looked at Her
  with complete submission, surrender, and helplessness. We went on looking at
  each other like this while the iron was being pressed to my right bottom cheek.
  She held my chin up so that i couldn't look away from Her eyes as it was happening.
  The mark said &quot;Property of ____ _____&quot; in bold letters. She stroked
  me and kissed me on the lips after the iron was lifted up. We made out for
  what seemed like forever; i felt like my entire will had been transferred to
  Her. She gently stroked my burning mark after it cooled down a little bit.
  She asked me if i loved Her, and i said that i loved Her with all my heart.  
 She unstrapped me from the table, stood me up, cuffed my wrists behind my
  back, and put my leash on. She drove me back to campus, led me naked to Her
  room, and shut the door. She ordered me to kneel on the carpet while She took
  Her clothes off. Then She walked over to me, grabbed the back of my head, pulled
  it over to Her pussy, and ordered me to drink Her pee. When She was done, i
  licked Her clean, and She ordered me to keep licking Her and sucking Her as
  She lay down on the bed and pulled my head between Her legs. i ate Her out
  with total devotion until She came. Then She told me to slow down and stop,
  but to still keep my tongue and mouth resting in and on Her pussy, to keep
  it warm. Meanwhile She lay back and relaxed, gently stroking my head with Her
  right hand. After a few minutes of this She tugged my leash upward and told
  me to fuck Her. i was in heaven.  
 After She branded me, She started having me tattooed on different parts
  of my body. This was an ongoing process, and She would often add tattoos at
  whim. A few days after i was branded, She took me back to the tattoo parlor
  and had &quot;Property of ____ _____&quot; written in bold letters on my inner
  thigh. The day after that, She had &quot;Property of ____ _____&quot; written
  on the left side of my neck. The next week She had &quot;____&quot; written
  on the top of both my wrists.  
20. i felt that i truly belonged to Her at this point. In my past life i
  had been endlessly disturbed by uncertainty, by not knowing whether to do one
  thing or another. Now my uncertainty was all but completely gone. i did what
  She told me to do, and i thought what She told me to think. The more i belonged
  to Her, the more that even the most minor hesitations in obedience were eradicated.
  This was part of an ongoing training process, in which She would seek out and
  punish the slightest hesitations in my obedience. Since i no longer had any
  choices to make, i felt completely free to be open to each moment, which ____
  encouraged.  
21. She took me to get a vasectomy.  
22. She lent me out to Her friends to be used on a regular basis. Many of
  Her friends who were otherwise consistently lesbians enjoyed being eaten out
  by me and even fucked by me because i was so completely submissive. They would
  often like to tie me up, hit me, tease me for long periods of time, gloat over
  me, straddle me, play with me in a cruel way, always focusing on and intensifying
  their total dominance over me. They took my fucking them as pure pleasure,
  without the usual feelings of fear and guilt that they associated with men.
  Some of them were prettier than others, but i completely adored all of them
  while i was with them.  
 Sometimes She videotaped Her friends as they dominated me, or set the camera
  on a tripod while She dominated me.  
 Sometimes She loaned me out to various friends of hers when She was busy
  or went on a trip without me. This could be for a few hours or a few days.
  i always gave them my total obedience. Sometimes they were female, and sometimes
  male. They always indulged completely in my submissiveness, often unused to
  being able to do whatever they like to another human being.  
23. After the term ended, She dropped out of school and i went to live with
  Her at Her family compound in New England. We live in a nice small house which
  is set apart from the main house. There are plenty of servants around the compound
  to take care of the needed chores, so She does whatever She pleases, and i
  do whatever pleases Her.  
24. We signed a formal, legal contract in which i agreed to be Her slave
  for life or as long as She wants to keep me. The contract states that i am
  nothing but Her property, and that She is free to dispose of me exactly as
  She pleases. She is allowed to beat me, starve me, mutilate me, anything. She
  is even allowed to kill me, in whatever manner She pleases, no matter how cruel.
  If anyone else were to kill me or injure me without Her clearly expressed permission,
  then they would face the ordinary criminal and civil penalties (civil penalties
  payable to Her), but She can do as She likes. Also, She can sell me to anyone
  else on whatever terms that She sees fit, including signing these same rights
  over to them. If i am to run away, then it is the police's duty to hunt me
  down and return me to Her.  
 As we signed these contracts and submitted the necessary materials, we were
  both fully clothed and sitting next to one another, across from a female notary
  public. i testified that i was agreeing to these terms of my own free will,
  in sound mind and without coercion. In fact this was true; i didn't want a
  trace of uncertainty to remain in my love for Her, and so i didn't ever want
  to be able to decide to leave Her. Finally the last form was signed and it
  was done. ____ then stripped me completely naked, while we were in the room,
  ordered me to get down on my hands and knees, fastened a leash tightly around
  my neck, and took me home.  
 The next day, She rented some tattoo needles, and wrote in Her own hand
  on my back: &quot;This slave is the property of ____ _____. If lost, return
  to...&quot; followed by various contact information such as Her permanent address
  and e-mail. She wrote &quot;Return to Owner if Lost&quot; on the right side
  of my neck. If i ever did try to escape and anyone saw these markings and realized
  that i was a runaway, they would be obligated to call the police. Also, it
  would be illegal for anyone to remove any of the tattoos without Her permission.  
25. She often makes me drink Her pee when we are lying in bed and She doesn't
  feel like getting up. We lie together at night but i am strictly forbidden
  to do anything but what She tells me to. Of course i am never allowed to wake
  Her up, or make any sexual demands or even requests.  
 Sometimes if She wakes up in the middle of the night having to pee, She
  wakes me up roughly and orders me to drink Her pee as She squats over me. Then
  as She lies down, i lick Her clean. If She doesn't want me to eat Her out She
  roughly pushes my head away and tells me to be still. Then i am left extremely
  aroused but completely helpless. Even if She does let me eat Her out, we don't
  necessarily have sex after that, in which case i am even more desperate. She
  often clutches my erect penis roughly as She drifts off to sleep, by way of
  teasing, possession, and just as a sort of cuddle toy.  
 If She wakes up before me and wants sex or a blow job, She wakes me up right
  away. If i wake up first, then i often spend hours in bed gazing at Her and
  waiting for Her to wake up. When She does She often orders me to lick Her,
  stroke Her, massage Her, eat Her out, and / or to fuck Her. We still have sex
  very often. Coming in Her is the greatest pleasure that i have ever had or
  ever will have.  
 She tells me that She loves me, that She thinks i'm beautiful. She says
  that She loves that i belong to Her so completely and that i obey Her every
  whim. She says that She loves my big penis and my well-trained mouth.  
26. She had my vocal cords removed. As i lay on the operating table while
  the doctors were preparing for the surgery, She stood over me and stroked me.
  My last words were, "i love you, i love you..."as i gazed up at Her with total
  devotion. i said this as the anesthesia kicked in and until i lost consciousness.
  Even though it was not at all necessary, She insisted that i be naked before
  and during the operation.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  I. K.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





