BDSM Library - African Women Dominate




African Women Dominate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A white man is living in West Africa. He meets a black woman and they marry. She becomes his mistress, but African dominant woman are different than all what he could expect.INTRODUCTION   
This is an almost true story. I mean all what happens happened but it has
  been arranged  
I was born in Europe some 30 years ago when the story started. I had a normal
  life, good classic studies and best business schools with Master degrees. I
  left my parents when I was seventeen in order to take charge of myself. I went
  to the army after college and participated in war actions in Africa and Yugoslavia,
  as a reserve officer in the commandos. I already had the virus of Africa.  
I also had a secret fantasy: since as far as I can remember I wanted to submit
  to a woman. But my public character was the opposite, I had been in the commandos
  and was leading several associations, I had a good position in a famous European
  company.  
One day, I decided to answer the call of Africa. I applied to a management
  position in a West African country and as many expatriates, I met many easy
  girls in bars and nightclubs. I was famous there because I was young and handsome,
  and single.  
After one year, I decided to quit and create my own business and succeeded.  
I met my wife. Better, she met me. She had seen me several times in parties
  and other events. She had asked my cell phone number and called me.  
I was not surprised that a girl was calling me to make propositions. It was
  very usual for girls to phone white men or proposition them directly on the
  beach or in a bar. I was about to refuse the rendezvous but something made
  me accept.  
We met. She was a very beautiful black girl, very assertive, very sexy. She
  was not looking like all the street girls. She was very intelligent and educated.
  She knew what she wanted and was certainly not looking for the small money
  I could give her in counterparty of a night.  
She told me that she knew that I was the person she was going to marry, she
  saw me in dream, and she was just asking me to let us try. I was not surprised,
  because it was a common speech, however, she was different, and I had nothing
  to loose, hadn't I?  
In less than one month, I fell deeply in love with her. I did not know it
  was possible to be so much in love with a person. I guess my subconscious perceived
  that she was the woman of my secret dreams.  
Our life was going better and better, however we had many fights and disputes.
  She wanted to control my private activities, and I was not ready for that.  
One day, we were talking about fantasies. She was asking me what my fantasy
  was. I was feeling to shy to tell her that my deepest secret dream was to be
  dominated by a woman.  
Nevertheless, she continued to ask, and finally I told her, guessing that
  she could not understand this kind of fantasy in Africa. She told me that she
  was feeling the same; her fantasy was to dominate a white man. We had no experience;
  I knew a lot of that thanks to Internet, books, etc. She was feeling like a
  mistress, she always commanded people.  
We started by simple games. She was attaching me on the bed for sex, she
  was spanking me, etc.  
However, she wanted real domination, not only a sex slave. Her dreams were
  to fully control me and fully control my life. She started browsing Internet
  and newsgroups, buying books to educate herself in the beautiful world of female
  domination.  
We had disputes because she was naturally commanding and I was a leader in
  my public life. It was very difficult for me to submit to her. But when I was
  doing it, I was feeling very well.  
After less than one year together, we married.  
She is the woman of my life; I cannot understand life without her. After
  some months of marriage, she started changing our lifestyle. We had more and
  more domination activities, not only sex. For instance, she always wanted me
  to be naked so that I was more flexible and submitted. It was difficult for
  me because of my Christian, European education. Being naked in front of someone
  was being at a low level.  
She was always talking to me on a commanding way, even in public. I was ashamed
  of that because in Africa, a woman cannot talk to her husband like this, moreover
  if she is black and he is white.  
The story begins when she decide to be a real Mistress. She had well prepared
  everything. What was just a fantasy to me became a real life. She thought me
  how African women dominate a man.  
Now, she fully controls me and I have to say that we are the happiest couple
  on Earth.  
Names and places in the story are changed.  
CHAPTER ONE   
We were living in a nice house in Ghana. One day, my wife invited five girlfriends
  to stay with us for the weekend. She had already invited friends in the house,
  so I could not expect what was going to happen.  
When I came home at the end of the afternoon, I saw five black women in the
  sitting room. Ju introduced me to them as her husband. It was the first time
  I was meeting them. There were dressed with European style clothes. I went
  to shake their hands, telling each time my name, trying to remember the five
  new names.  
After a light dinner in the dinning room, Ju decided to organize some game.
  It was a game with cards and the loser had each time to remove one of his/her
  clothes.  
Of course, I knew it later, she secretly arranged with her girlfriends to
  play against me and make me loose. Therefore, we started playing and of course
  I lost the first game and they told me to remove my shoes. On the second run,
  I lost again and they told me to remove my socks. I was trying to play as best
  as possible but everybody was against me and so I lost the third run, and they
  told me to remove my shirt.  
After the fourth game, Ju forced me to remove my trousers and I was just
  like this in front of all of six girls. I was sitting opposite my wife and
  between two of her friends. Ju started the fifth game and of course, they let
  me loose again.  
- Now remove your brief! Ju told me.  
I was so surprised that she wanted me to be naked in front of everybody.
  I knew she was so jealous when I was just talking to another woman.  
I did not want to move but she shouted at me, telling that I had accepted
  the game and I had to play it until the end.  
I felt embarrassed but I obeyed her and removed my brief in front of everybody.
  I was naked in the middle of the six black women. Ju collected my clothes and
  threw them away.  
-We go on playing, she said, and now, if you win, you can buy back one of
  your clothes, but if you loose, we can choose something for you to do.  
All the girls were laughing and they were having a lot of fun. I sat down
  between her two friends and we played another game. Fortunately, the luck was
  a little bit with me and one of her girlfriends lost the game, so she had to
  remove her shirt. She was wearing a nice bra. I wanted to take back my brief,
  but Ju told me that I did not win; the one who made her loose and so had won
  was someone else, so I had no right to take back any of my clothes.  
The next game, the girl who had to remove her shirt won against me, so she
  could take back her shirt. Ju told me that for my lost, I had to serve a drink
  to everybody. She told me to ask everyone politely what she wanted to drink
  and behave like a waiter in an five star hotel.  
I was very ashamed to stand and go to the first girl.  
-Please, I said, what do you want to drink?  
The girl answered she wanted to have a Coke.  
I went to all of them to ask their choices. Then, I went to the bar, started
  serving the drinks, and brought them back to the sitting room. I served all
  of them.  
-It is OK, Ju said, now you can come and go on with the game.  
I sat down.  
The cards were distributed again for another game. This time I lost again
  and they told me that the decision was that I had to remain naked six hours,
  even if I was winning.  
We played again and I won, a girl had to remove her shirt, but because of
  the previous game, I was not allowed to take back one of my clothes. Ju even
  told me to take the clothes and bring them to the bedroom, close the door with
  the key and bring her the key.  
I obeyed her. I was feeling myself foolish to go naked with my clothes in
  front of the guests. My problem also was that I was half-hard. I was feeling
  exited by the situation. At the end of the following game, the girl who had
  to remove her shirt won against me, she took back her shirt. But as I had lost,
  the girl told me to go on my fours and walk like this around the table. I was
  embarrassed and watched my wife. She told me to obey the order. Then after
  five minutes, Ju told me to stop and come to kiss the feet of the first girl.
  I reluctantly obeyed her, and she told me to do the same to all the girls.  
All of them had a real fun, but I was very embarrassed. However, my cock
  was now very hard. Ju had been taking pictures of us with the digital camera
  since we had started the game.  
We had another game that I lost again, so their decision was to have me naked
  for 24 hours.  
We played another game, and I lost again. My wife told me to go to the terrace
  and take the white box. I went there and brought it to her.  
She opened it in front of everybody. She took out a black leather collar
  and gave it to her neighbour.  
- Come here, she said to me, and kneel in front of my friend!  
I obeyed and came to kneel. Ju told her friend to put the collar around my
  neck and she put a padlock. She gave her other neighbour leather scraps to
  put on my ankles, and a third one put leather scraps on my wrists, all devices
  were used with a padlock from which my wife kept the keys. As I was like this,
  she also put a chastity leather device around my hard dick and forced me to
  climb on the table and turn around so that everybody could have a close look
  at me and my new clothing.  
After a certain time of fun, Ju told me to come back to play again. I had
  to sit very embarrassed between the two girls and go on playing. I did not
  play well and lost again. Ju said I was going to be naked for the full weekend
  at the service of everybody in the house. Everybody started getting up and
  my wife told me to arrange cards and drinks and then come back. While I was
  doing it, I heart the music on. When I came back, Ju told me to come in the
  middle of them and start dancing.  
I was dancing and all of them were touching me, exciting me more, and finally
  everybody was dancing around me, very sexy. When I was very hot, I had again
  to ask for the drink and serve all of them. Then, my wife said we were going
  to play another game. She blindfolded me and said I had to recognize people
  by touching them. If I recognize the girl, I receive a kiss, if I don't the
  girl has to beat my buttocks five times.  
We began to play. I did not see anything. I was walking in the room with
  my arms in front of me. I was hearing laughs and giggles around me, and finally
  could touch the first girl. I was touching her face and her body, trying to
  recognize her with her clothe. I said one name and was wrong. Therefore, Ju
  told me to bend down and catch my ankles. She told the girl to spank my buttocks
  and as she was doing it, to do it harder.  
When the girl completed her task with fun, my wife told me to get up and
  start again. I was again walking blind in the room trying to catch a girl.
  When I got one, I was wrong again and she had to spank me. This time, she had
  to sit and Ju pushed me to bend on her knees, with my cock inside her legs.
  Then Ju taught her how to spank me.  
Each time I was losing because I never could recognize the girl. I was sure
  that they were changing their clothes among themselves because when I recognized
  the specific top of one girl, she was not the one supposed to wear this clothe.  
All of them had a real fun and I was very embarrassed. They were really enjoying
  looking at me naked and chained, trying to find my way and always making mistake
  as I as trying to recognize a girl.  
Finally, I could catch my wife and I recognized her. She said I was winning
  for once, and she kissed me. She told me that it was better I had recognized
  her; else she would have been very angry with me and she would have punished
  me hardly.  
After a long time game, Ju said it was time for me to go to bed. She said
  that I had many emotions this evening and I had first to be masturbated to
  be cooled down and be able to sleep.  
She removed my blindfold and ordered me to be on my four on the table. All
  the girls came around me. Ju removed the chastity belt around my cock and asked
  the girls to take crops and paddles to beat my buttocks. At the same time,
  my wife was caressing my cock slowly. It was a very strange feeling to have
  a big pain on my body, to be so much humiliated and at the same time to feel
  aroused by her sweet hand. I was very ashamed and embarrassed to be like this
  exposed and beaten, naked on the table among these five girls and my wife caressing
  my dick. She was doing it expertly, so that I could not come. It was lasting
  a long time, while all of you were commenting on my buttocks; how they were
  becoming redder and redder, and how the design of the marks was. The girls
  were laughing at me because of the situation. How could this white man be so
  hard whereas he was in this situation of pain and humiliation? They said I
  was like a cow that was milked. Finally, after at least thirty minutes, her
  hand was going faster and she let me come very strongly. Then, she told me
  to get up and clean the table. With a leash, she took me on my four, among
  the girls to the bedroom. One of the girls had a plastic recipient and my wife
  took my cock and forced me to pee in the recipient in front of everybody. If
  I had not yet been ashamed and embarrassed, then this time was the most humiliating
  situation. I could not really do, even if I had to pee. They were waiting till
  I could drop some piss in the recipient, then Ju told me to go and put it in
  the toilet and clean the recipient. Then, my wife tied me and all of them came
  close to me to kiss me goodnight. They were again teasing and exciting me until
  I was very hard again. Nevertheless, this time, they just put the chastity
  belt back and all of them left me.  
I could not sleep; I could not believe all what happened to me. I could not
  believe that my wife was organizing such a party, exposing me like a slave
  in front of girls, and I was afraid of what could happen the day after.  
CHAPTER TWO   
My wife came back in the room after maybe one hour. She told me that in the
  morning, I should get up and bath, then I had to clean the living room, and
  prepare the breakfast for all of them. I had to dress the table for the six
  of them.  
I finally fell asleep.  
In the morning, on Saturday, Ju woke me up and untied all the leather devices.  
- You have ten minutes to bath and to be ready.  
I quickly went to the bathroom and bathed then shaved. I was fortunately
  in the time. She put back all the devices on me and sent me to the living room.  
- You first clean the place, you have 45 minutes, and then you prepare the
  breakfast. We want a nice breakfast, with fruit juices, bread, eggs, tea, and
  marmalade. The table must be set nicely. Moreover, dare not eat or drink something!  
- Yes Mistress, I said.  
I went to the living room. The party of the day before left a lot of stuffs
  and garbage. I had to clean everything. Then I went to the kitchen and prepared
  the breakfast. It took me a long time to do everything nicely. I set the table
  with plates, flowers and everything to be very nice. My wife came to check
  if everything was OK.  
- Go to each bedroom, you knock at the door and you tell them that the breakfast
  is ready. Be very polite because if one of them complains of you, I will be
  very angry.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went then to the first bedroom and knocked at the door. I heard a voice
  answering. I told that the breakfast was ready, and then went to the other
  room. When I came back, Ju told me that some of her friends were sleeping in
  the guest bedrooms outside, and that I had to go to fetch them.  
- But Mistress, I said, I will be naked outside.  
- I don't care, just go!  
I reluctantly went out and went to the guest rooms in the garden. Fortunately,
  there was nobody outside. The house girls I was afraid to see were not there
  either. I was happy that three meters high walls fenced the property. In West
  Africa, it is very usual and it prevents from rubbery. I went to knock at the
  different doors and told my wife's girlfriends that breakfast was ready. Some
  ten minutes later, all of them were around the table. I had to serve them,
  serving juice, tea, etc. After the breakfast, I had to undress the table and
  make the washing up in the kitchen.  
As I was cleaning the plates, I heart my wife coming in the kitchen and do
  something, but I did not dare look at what she was doing. She left the room
  and when I finished my duties, I came back to you.  
- Come here on your four! She ordered.  
I obeyed her and arrived on my knees and hands. She showed me a bowl of water
  and a plate of some strange food.  
- This is your breakfast, she said. Eat!  
I had again to obey her. All the girls were around me to watch how I was
  going to behave. I had to obey my wife. She was all the time increasing my
  shame and my embarrassment. She took my hair and pulled my head like this to
  the plate. At the same time, she attached a leash to my collar and gave it
  to one of the girls. I started eating because one of them was beating my buttocks
  with a crop.  
As I was eating, she was still making plenty of pictures with the digital
  camera. When I had finished the plate and sipped the water in the bowl, she
  told the girls to go in the garden with me. I was too embarrassed. Now, they
  were treating me like a dog.  
I was pulled by the leash and all the girls were walking around me. I could
  only see legs and shoes with high heels all around me. We went to the garden.
  I was very uncomfortable in this situation. Ju came with us and when we were
  in the middle of the garden, she told the girls to go to a tree.  
When we arrived close to the tree, Ju told me to raise my leg and pee against
  the tree like a dog. I could not believe my own wife was telling me that. As
  I was not obeying directly, a girl spanked me, and Ju said I was going to be
  punished. I had no other choice to obey her. In front of everybody, I reluctantly
  raised my leg against the tree and tried to pee. I was shivering. I had to
  pee, but I was so embarrassed that it was not coming. Ju came and encouraged
  me with a crop. Finally, I could pee on the tree but since I was hard, a lot
  of the piss went on me, and the girls laughed and applauded. When I finished,
  we went to the other side of the garden. There was a big wooden bucket in the
  middle of the garden, close to the swimming pool.  
Ju told me to stand inside with my hands on my head. The girls removed all
  the devices.  
Ju asked a girl to take the watering pipe and she filled the bucket with
  water. Other girls took the soap and sponges and all of them were washing me
  like a small boy. I was more and more embarrassed and was wondering where they
  were going to stop this embarrassment to me.  
When I was fully clean, my hair, my ears, my dick, my asshole, everything
  was taken into consideration, all of them went off and a girl rinsed me with
  the pipe. When I was rinsed, Ju told me to come to them.  
The girls came back with the leather devices and put everything back on me,
  including the leash.  
This time, I had not to walk on my four, I could walk normally, however a
  girl was holding the leash and pulling me like this. The one who was holding
  my leash attached it to the table close to the swimming pool and she said I
  had to stay there without moving. All of them went back to the house. I was
  waiting like this for some twenty minutes before they came back. All the girls
  were wearing sexy swimming costumes. I was already excited and very hard, but
  when they arrived in this outfit, coming close to me, I became harder if it
  was possible. As they were passing in front of me, all of them touched my cock
  smoothly with the fingers. My cock was still prisoner of the chastity belt.
  It was possible to be hard, not possible to masturbate.  
The women went to swim and play with the ball in the pool. Sometimes, one
  of them was coming close to me to check. She was always finding a reason to
  shout at me and embarrass me. Always with a strict, severe commanding voice,
  I was reproached I had moved, I was not obedient enough, I was not flexible
  enough, or I was insulted. After a long time, Ju went out and untied my leash.  
- Go and fetch six towels!  
I quickly went to the room and took the large towels.  
- You are going to dry all of us. But be careful, we want very smooth drying
  and dare not touch us like a bad boy!  
- Yes Mistress, I said.  
I automatically answer that, but I fell ashamed just after. I had called
  my wife "Mistress" in front of people. I was telling people I was accepting
  my situation.  
I took the first towel and dried my wife as she said. It was very exciting
  to be close to her, smelling her body, touching it through the towel and at
  the same time, it was a torture because I could not touch her really. It was
  exciting me more and more. When I finished with her, she went to lie down on
  a garden long seat. The second girl came and I had to dry her. She was playing,
  pushing her body against mine, and trying to reach my cock. The torture was
  increasing. I finished her and the third one arrived. Each time the girl was
  provoking me more and more. It was very difficult to concentrate on what I
  was doing and not to touch the girl on a wrong way. When all of them were dried
  and lying on a long hair around the pool, she told me to ask everyone what
  she wanted to drink. Almost all of them wanted fresh pineapple juice and ice
  water and I went to the kitchen to prepare a long jar of juice. I came back
  with it and a large plate of glasses and ice. I served all the women. Then,
  I had to take a large leaf and come close to Ju. She told me to ventilate her
  face because it was too hot. Every five minute, she told me to change and do
  it to another girl. During this time, they were discussing among themselves
  in their language and I could not understand.  
When I had ventilated all of them at least five times, my wife told me to
  prepare a light lunch, some sandwiches and salads. I went to the kitchen to
  prepare everything and brought it back to the terrace. I dressed the table
  and told them the lunch was ready. All of them came to the table and sat around
  it. I had to remain on my knees under the table with the six pairs of feet
  on my back.  
After eating, I had of course to arrange everything and make the washing
  up. When I came back to the terrace, they were again in the sofas under the
  shadow.  
- After a good lunch, it is nice to have a rest. While we are resting, you
  are going to show us how you use your tongue! Come here!  
I came close to her.  
- Put your hands at your back!  
I obeyed. She tied them together. After, she moved her panty and showed her
  shaved pussy.  
- Lick it!  
I came inside her legs and licked her pussy. She was very wet and it did
  not take long for her to come. As soon as she came, she pushed me back.  
- Now go and make your tour, you start from the left!  
- Yes Mistress.  
Going on my knees with my hands in my back, I approached the first girl on
  her left. As I was close to her, she moved her pant and showed her pussy to
  me. I knelt in front of her, inside her legs and did the same to her. She came
  after more than ten minutes and I went to the next one. When I finished my
  tour, the girls were claiming for another run, and I had to do it again.  
It was late when this activity was completed and the girls went back to their
  rooms whereas Ju untied my arms. I was arranging everything in the garden before
  going back inside. It was just sunset. I came back inside.  
- Dress the table and prepare the dinner. Instructions are in the kitchen.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I first dressed the table and went to the kitchen. There were instructions
  for the meal. I had to prepare grilled prawns with sauce as a starter and crayfish
  with rice for the main course.  
It took me time to prepare the full meal, and sometimes you were coming to
  check if I was doing well.  
Finally, I came to the living room. I had a shock. All the women were dressed
  in black leather clothes. I could not believe my eyes that I was naked in front
  of six sexy black mistresses, fully dressed in this dream outfit. I did not
  know what to do, I had pressure all over my body, I could not move, just staring
  at all of them.  
They were wearing a full leather clothe with very high heel boots and gloves.
  Just the head was not covered by black leather. All the women were very sexy,
  nicely made up and with a sexy hairdo. All of them had a black leather belt
  with a crop hanging.  
- Come here and kiss the feet of your mistresses! My wife said.  
I came close to them and knelt. I first kissed my wife's feet and then went
  to all other mistresses.  
- It is OK now, serve the drinks!  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went to all the girls and asked them politely what they wanted to drink.  
- Please Mistress, what would you drink?  
All the girls were giving me their choice and I went to the bar to prepare
  the cocktails. I came back and served them as best as possible. They were discussing
  and I was waiting on my knees close to my wife's feet.  
- Go and be ready to serve the dinner.  
I went to the kitchen. All women stood up and went to the dinning room to
  sit around the table. I came with the plates with the grilled prawns and served
  everybody.  
My wife was telling her friends:  
- This slave has some use, he can cook well.  
Her friends were complimenting my wife for the quality of the food. In the
  meantime, I was serving wine and water. Sometimes, one of the girls was purposely
  dropping some food on the ground and was telling me to take it with my mouth.
  After the first meal, I undressed the dirty plates and glasses and went to
  the kitchen to take the following dish. I put the fresh crayfishes in the deep
  pan and boiled them. Then I put the sauce on them and brought the different
  plates two by two to the table. Then I served the wine. I was all the time
  busy because I had to serve and clean the ground. When everybody finished her
  plate, my wife told me to take everything to the kitchen. I cleaned everything
  and washed up the plates. As I was almost at the end of my duty, one girl came
  to survey me in the kitchen. I finished everything.  
- Now, count one hundred and come to the living room! The girl said.  
- Yes Mistress, I answered.  
I counted slowly to one hundred and went to the living room.  
I was again shocked.  
All the mistresses were in a half circle waiting for me. There were only
  some candles in the room so that the situation was very special. I stopped
  and stared at you.  
- Come here, slave! A girl said.  
- On your knees! Another one said.  
CHAPTER THREE   
I quickly went down and approached them, wondering what was going to happen.
  After all what had happened since the last twenty-four hours, I was very scared,
  nevertheless very excited.  
I was finally in the middle of the six girls and waited. After a long silent
  time, Sandra started talking.  
- Your Mistress told us you were not always a good boy.  
- Is it true? Aysha added.  
I did not know what to answer, so I did not say anything. I received six
  slaps of crop at the same time on my back.  
- Answer the question! another girl told.  
- I am a good boy, I answered.  
I receive six new crop slaps.  
- It is not true, one said. You are going to be punished.  
- Are you telling us that your Mistress lies?  
- No Mistress, I answered.  
- It is nevertheless, what you said.  
- Tell us why you are a bad boy!  
I could not answer this question, I did not know what to say and I was embarrassed
  to be like this in the middle of six sexy black mistresses. I received again
  six crop lashes on my back.  
- Answer now!  
- Please mistresses; I don't know what to answer.  
I received again new slaps.  
- Find something, and if it is not satisfactory, then we punish you more.  
I tried to think as fast as possible and find something to say. I wanted
  to stop the lashes because it was very painful, moreover when the six girls
  at the same time beat me.  
- I am not always obedient to my Mistress, I shyly gasped.  
I received six new lashes.  
- This is not a good answer, we want details.  
- Tell us why and when you are not always obedient.  
It was a very difficult question. I was very embarrassed. So I said:  
- I was a little bit angry with her last week because she did not want me
  to see my friends.  
- Why were you angry?  
- Because I like to be with my friends and have fun with them.  
- So they are more important than your mistress?  
- No, Mistress, but sometimes it is nice to see my friends.  
- You can see you friends if you Mistress allows it. If she does not want,
  you don't see them.  
- And I don't want you to see you friends, Juniana added. This time is over.  
- You first have to serve and respect your Mistress.  
- And be respectful to all black women.  
The orders were coming quickly from the six girls. Each time an order was
  given, another one was quickly added and so on. They were telling me that I
  had to be always with my mistress and that I had no right, just satisfy and
  obey my mistress. Each time a girl was giving me a rule, she was cropping my
  back and she was telling me to repeat.  
- Three days ago you were in public and you went to talk to someone without
  asking permission to your mistress.  
- Why?  
- Because it is not possible to do it all the time.  
- To do what all the time?  
- To play this fantasy.  
- Because you think it is just a fantasy? Juniana answered. It was perhaps
  before but now it is real life. Now you are a real slave, it is no longer a
  game we play from time to time.  
- Get up, hands on! One girl said.  
I obeyed and stood up in front of them, my hands stretched far above my head.
  I felt something and watched: there were some chains coming from the ceiling
  of the room. It was new, I had never seen that before and I wondered when Juniana
  placed them there. Two girls tied my handcuffs to these chains and I could
  not move anymore. I was really stretched. The six girls encircled me and at
  the same time, they started beating my body with their crops. It was each time
  six lashes at the same time and it was very painful because I could not concentrate
  on the pain on one place.  
- This is the first part of your punishment for having been a bad boy.  
I was shouting because of the pain but nobody cared and even lashes were
  stronger. They were turning around me, and now lashed were not all at the same
  time, but it was worse because there was not one second without a lash. I was
  moving all around.  
- If you move too much, we beat you more! Said a girl.  
I could not help stopping moving and lashes increased and increased. It was
  very painful and I begged them to stop.  
- No way, Juniana said, no mercy for this bad boy. You have to endure it.
  You have to understand that it is a new age, the age of slavery.  
- And we are there to help you to train this slave, Sandra added.  
The pain was so big that I felt my body only like pain. Time was like days,
  I did not know value of time and I almost did not feel when it was over. I
  opened my eyes and I was alone in the room.  
My body was one pain. I glanced down and saw that I was red everywhere, plenty
  of red lines in all directions from my chest and arms to my toes.  
I saw the black women again. They were coming with candles. All of them had
  two candles, each one from a different colour. They came around me and started
  dropping the wax all over my body. I shouted again. After the lashes, this
  was too much, but none of them cared. They just enjoyed dropping wax everywhere,
  trying to make nice designs of different colours, dark blue, red, yellow, green,
  purple and orange.  
I lost the notion of time, but I think it lasted more than thirty minutes.
  Thirty minutes of deep pain and burning. I was almost fully covered by the
  wax and again they left me alone in the room.  
I was almost crying because of the pain. I did not want to cry in front of
  six girls. They had already stolen almost all my pride and manhood, I did not
  want on top of that to cry in front of six girls. What could they think of
  me? I was a white man naked and submitted to them, accepting somehow to do
  all what they wanted.  
I wondered what would happen if when I was freed, I was just revolting and
  stopping their game. Somehow, I was too weak and too surrounded now. I was
  as if I could not come back to reality. I had to go to the end of the weekend
  my wife had organised. At least, I had one day more to play her game and the
  day after, it would be over. I would go out and see some friends of mine, then
  make a tour on my motorbike and come back in the evening. I was focusing on
  my motorbike and I could forget the pain.  
However, my thoughts were stopped. I saw them coming back in the room. This
  time the black mistresses, still fully covered by black leather clothes, were
  carrying long feathers. I was wondering what was again going to happen. They
  came all around me and started caressing my body softly with the feathers.
  After a period of pain, I thought it was going to be nice, but my nerves were
  hot and painful, and these feather caresses were just teasing my hot, painful
  body. It was even not tickling, just a strange, almost painful sensation. While
  they were doing that to me, they were talking to each other in their language,
  as if I was not there. I did not understand their conversation but they had
  real fun.  
When they decided it was too much, they left me again but this time they
  came back quickly. Two of them removed the chains and freed me.  
- On you knees, slave, and follow us! One said.  
I promptly obeyed and followed them. In fact, I was walking between the six
  black women and we went to the garden. They placed themselves in two rows and
  I saw that they had large paddles in their hands. They were facing two by two
  and the distance in a row was one metre.  
-Stand up!  
I obeyed.  
- Now, you are going to walk slowly in between us, when you reach the end,
  you turn back and come again in the row. You do it minimum twenty times. If
  you fail, if we are not satisfied, you will have the worse punishment you can
  imagine!  
I did not know what could be the worse punishment. I had already been so
  much in trouble; I had already been so much embarrassed and humiliated.  
I began to walk to the row. As soon as I was in between the rows, they started
  beating me with the paddles, all over my already painful body. Again, I was
  shouting and mooring. I reached the end and U-turned. I came back into the
  row and told myself that I had only nineteen left. I went and went through.
  It was becoming unbearable but all of them were shouting at me, they were harassing
  in order that I was standing well. I was just counting the runs, five, four,
  three, two, and finally the last one. I stopped.  
- Why do you stop?  
- Mistress, you told me to do it twenty times.  
- This is what we said, but you did it only ten times. One run is going and
  returning. Come on, and you will be punished for having stopped without permission.  
I could not believe what I was hearing. It was already too much. I went back
  inside. My body was fully red.  
As I was entering the row, I heart:  
- And you will do five more runs, full ones.  
Moreover, the six women laughed, but it did not decrease their beats and
  their enjoyment in doing that. I again counted the runs, until I was left with
  five. At this time, Juniana told me that I had to walk like a duck. This was
  the worst because I had not only to go very slow, but also it was a very painful
  way to walk. At least, it was only allowing my torturers to beat my back and
  the top of my buttocks. After three runs, Juniana told to walk on my fours.
  I heart her friends telling that it was less funny because they could not reach
  my buttocks.  
I came again in the row for the last beatings. It was too painful and finally
  I heart what I was so much expecting, I heart Juniana telling me that it was
  over. I wanted to sit on the ground but she stopped me.  
- This is too much, slave. Nobody gave you the order to sit. You failed again;
  you will be severely punished for your actions.  
The more the time was going, the stricter my wife was with me. I became a
  little bit afraid. I thought that up to now, it was a kind of game, but it
  became too serious.  
-Go to the same place than this morning, it is time for a slave wash!  
All the girls started laughing. I stared at all of them, and seeing them
  so sexy in their leather clothes, I started feeling excited again.  
- Look, he is hard again! A girl said.  
- He is too much. We do the worst to him and he still likes it.  
I was ashamed to be hard after all what happened to me. With all these pains
  and these humiliations, I was still hard whereas I wanted to show the contrary.  
I went to stand in the big bucket. Three of them came with powerful high-pressure
  water pipes, and they started spraying the high-pressure water on my body.
  It was again painful on my irritated skin, but at the same time, it was easily
  removing the wax all over my body. When they were sure that one face was clean,
  you ordered me to turn and present my back. I obeyed and I felt the wax going
  down my skin.  
As it was just completed, Juniana quickly came to put a leash on my collar
  and ordered me to be on my fours. Then she pulled me to the group and all together,
  we went to the other side of the garden. It was humiliating to be in leash
  among six sexy women dressed in black leather. We went to the same tree than
  in the morning and Juniana told me again to pee. She really did not want to
  spare me any embarrassment on this day.  
- Come on slave, behave well, she said.  
- Obey your mistress, shouted another girl.  
Since it was a long time I had not peed, I concentrated, but it was still
  difficult because of the shame. Finally, and like in the morning, I pissed.
  In the beginning, as I was hard, I peed on me, almost on my face, then on my
  chest and finally on the ground.  
- You cannot piss like a good slave; we are going to show you how to pee
  normally.  
- Put yourself on your back, your hands alongside your body! Juniana said.  
I obeyed, wondering what she wanted to do.  
She came on top of me and removed the piece of leather in front of her pussy.
  I was afraid to understand. I could not believe that she wanted to humiliate
  me like that. I was thinking she was going to pretend to do it, but I could
  not believe that. I saw her bending her knees a little bit and parting her
  legs. Then I saw her piss springing on me, first on my chest, then on my face
  and hair, then down to the chest and the legs. She did it to the end.  
I had never been so ashamed; she was peeing on me, and more than that, in
  front of five sexy girls.  
However, it was not the end of my shame and my embarrassment. As soon as
  Juniana had finished, she went out of me, but I saw another girl coming to
  replace her directly, and without any moment, she started peeing on me too.  
It was so embarrassing, a girl was pissing on me, five girls were circling
  me and laughing at my situation.  
- That is a correct use of a male, one girl said.  
- I never had so much fun when I was pissing, said the girl who was on top
  of me.  
She finished and the third one came on me.  
When all the girls had come to piss on me, I was fully covered by piss.  
I was feeling so bad. Juniana told me to walk on my fours to the bucket.  
She threw me the keys of the padlocks.  
- Remove your chains slave. You stink too much; we don't come close to you.  
I caught the keys on the ground and removed slowly my chains under their
  giggling.  
- Put them in the bucket!  
I did. Sandra threw me a piece of soap and told me to wash the devices very
  neatly. I obeyed her.  
- We stay far from you because you stink; slave, but we still keep on watching
  you. Do it well and fast.  
I finally finished the washing of the devices and put them on the ground.
  The piss on my body was irritating my skin and the red marks. They told me
  to stand in the bucket and once again, three girls sprayed water on me.  
-Wash yourself with the soap, slave.  
I put the soap all over me, including my hair and when I was full of foam,
  the water was sprayed on me again.  
Then it was over. They told me to go to the terrace to dry.  
All the women came around me.  
- We are going to dry you with whips slave, it will be faster.  
- Oh no, please it is too painful.  
- What did you say? Slave, when you mistress gives you an order, you say "yes
  Mistress" and you do it.  
- Now you receive double amount of lashes, the first half to dry you and
  the second one for the punishment.  
- You have to learn how to behave slave.  
- We told you too many times today slave.  
Once again, I felt on my body the bite of the crops. It was even more painful,
  the most painful of the day, because my skin was still irritated with the lashes,
  the wax, the piss, the high-pressure water and the soap. After only some lashes,
  I fell down on the tiles and what I was afraid it could happen happened: I
  cracked, I could not control myself anymore and I started crying.  
It did not stop their drying or punishing lashes, but the girls were laughing.  
- Look, is that a man?  
- He is crying like a baby.  
- Just some small games and he is crying.  
- It was just an appetiser of his new life.  
- What will it be in some months? He will need a lot of discipline and training.  
The lashes continued a certain time before I could feel them becoming softer.
  I could not stop crying.  
Finally, they stopped beating me and watched me crying on the ground. I wanted
  to stop but it was not possible.  
I felt leather covered hands on my body and heart Juniana's soft voice.  
- Come on, baby, it is over now. Get up.  
Everybody pulled me up and accompanied me to the bedroom. I was feeling so
  embarrassed to be accompanied, crying, by six black girls. They were giving
  me hand, touching me. All of them had suddenly a lot of consideration for me.
  This was perturbing me because I did not know what to think. I was confused,
  because it is nice to receive consideration from a woman when you are in trouble,
  but the situation was special. All these girls had humiliated me, had done
  the worst things together with my wife. Now, they were behaving nicely, almost
  like a mother or a senior sister. I was feeling goodness in all of them, and
  it was comforting me. At the same time, being comforted by six black girls
  who were torturing me and humiliating me during hours up to five minutes before,
  it was embarrassing me more.  
We arrived to the bedroom and they put me on the bed.  
I was still crying, covering my face, ashamed to be crying in front of them.
  Nevertheless, they removed my hands and two girls sat on them. I was obliged
  to show my crying face to everybody and fell even more ashamed. They were very
  close to me, touching my body. I was feeling twelve black leather gloves caressing
  my body.  
- It is over now, Juniana said softly and nicely.  
She was kissing me tenderly. I did not know what to think. She were talking
  to me nicely.  
- It was a very long day, wasn't it? Many new things happened and you were
  not strong enough to bear them.  
- But we are going to help you, we are here for that, said another girl.  
- We know you can become a very good slave.  
The six black girls were telling me sweet words while they were caressing
  me. In addition, of course, I had never been able to resist to black leather,
  even in this circumstance, and I was hard again. Hands were on my penis, caressing
  it softly, the same on my balls and everywhere. In addition, Juniana was kissing
  me on my cheeks and on my lips.  
- You are going to sleep now, but you cannot sleep like this, I don't want
  to leave you with this erection, I don't want you to masturbate, it is very
  bad.  
- Yes, this kind of thing must remain under full control of a woman.  
- Your last action tonight will be to masturbate in front of us. Let's go
  to the sitting room.  
Juniana held my cock and pulled me to the sitting room. The six girls sat
  in the sofas and I had to knee on the table.  
- Start your show, but you can only use you thumb and you first finger.  
I was excited so I did it. I forgot all the humiliations and pains of the
  day and focused only on the nice feeling coming from my sex. I did it slowly
  first, and was watching my wife. I was so happy to have a wife like Juniana.
  I forgot that all the girls were around and was just staring at her face and
  at her perfect body fully covered by this sexy black leather. Nobody told anything,
  just Juniana telling me that the show had to last 15 minutes. I was then caressing
  me with two fingers, very slowly to last the requested time and not to disappoint
  her.  
After 15 minutes, she gave me the go ahead to come. I masturbated faster
  and stronger and I came strongly, I was shimmering a long time.  
Still softly, Juniana told me to go and fetch some tissue to clean. When
  it was done, she told me:  
- OK, it is over for today, it is time to go to bed after all these emotions.
  Don't forget your politeness, come and kiss everybody's feet.  
I came on my knees and kissed all sexy black leather boots. I did it longer
  than expected, but I liked kissing boots.  
- Go to bed now.  
I went to the bedroom and I heart the group following me. I lied down on
  the bed and the black mistresses came to kiss me good night.  
- Tomorrow is a new day. Rest well because the weekend is not yet finished,
  you still have a full Sunday. Tomorrow, you get up and do like today.  
Juniana left me and switched the light off.  
I could not sleep directly. I was still remembering like a movie all the
  events since the day before. This day before was so far. It was like years
  ago. I was so ashamed, but I was even more ashamed because I was excited as
  I was remembering everything. It was like a dream. It was not possible. I was
  sure I was sleeping and I was going to wake up soon. Nevertheless, in place
  of that, I fell asleep.  
  CHAPTER FOUR   
I woke up slowly. In a first time, I did not remember anything of what had
  happened the day before. It just took me time as I was progressively waking
  up.  
It was always taking me time. I used to put my clock one hour before having
  to get up. It was the time to enjoy the bed and think about my day, solve my
  problems, etc.  
Suddenly, I remembered the last day. First, I thought it was a pleasant erotic
  dream, but I quickly remembered that it was real. What was just a fantasy became
  true the day before. I did not know yet whether I had to be happy about it
  or if I had to be ashamed.  
I opened my eyes and saw that Juniana was sleeping close to me in the bed.
  I did not know what to do. I loved this woman so much. She was so wonderful.
  I knew she was very dominating. We had played many bdsm games since we had
  met, but I could never believe that she would have one day organised such a
  weekend.  
I did not want to break the magic of the weekend and still considered me
  as her slave. I did not move. I waited until she was going to wake up.  
It took time. Therefore, I had time to remember everything, second after
  second, all the events since Friday evening.  
As I was thinking of these events, I suddenly heart:  
- Get up, slave.  
I opened my eyes and stared at her.  
- Go and take your shower and shave. Be very clean, you have eight minutes.  
- Yes, Mistress.  
I got up and went to the bathroom. I took a quick shower. My body was painful
  everywhere. I could see in the mirror that it was still very red and marked.
  I quickly dried even though using the cotton towel on my body was so painful.
  I shaved, brushed my teeth and went to the bedroom.  
- You were almost late, slave; you have work to do like yesterday. You clean
  the sitting room and prepare the breakfast, same as yesterday. Go, slave, you
  have thirty minutes!  
-Yes, Mistress.  
I ran to the sitting room and cleaned the place, then went to the kitchen
  and started the preparation of the breakfast for six persons while I was also
  dressing the table. There was no clock in the kitchen or in the living room.
  I was estimating time and was sure I was in time but I suddenly heart in my
  back:  
- Your are late, slave. I told you thirty minutes!  
- But Mistress&hellip; I left you less than thirty minutes ago.  
Juniana slapped me strongly on my right cheek.  
- Dare not answer me, slave!  
She slapped me again, on the other side.  
- How a slave can know something better than his Mistress can? I can even
  decide to change the rules of the time. If I tell you that we are in the night
  or in the year 2010, I am right, do you understand? She shouted in my face.  
- Yes Mistress.  
She watched me some seconds.  
And then? She said.  
I did not know what she wanted. I just stared at her, feeling ashamed. In
  fact, it was very embarrassing to be naked in front of her when she was angry
  with me.  
She took my left ear in her right hand and pinched strongly, and she pulled
  my head to the ground. I had to follow the movement and knelt at her feet.  
She shouted again in my face.  
- Is the way you apologise, slave? You are doing something wrong, you disrespect
  me and you even don't think to apologise? It is the second time you treat me
  a liar this weekend. I can no longer support it.  
She slapped me repeatedly. I had a reflex and put my hands to protect my
  face and she even became angrier. I saw her as she was taking a wooden spoon
  on the table and she started beating my buttocks and my back until I lied down
  on the ground, face at the feet. I was trying to escape, but she was beating
  me on more painful areas, so I finally remained on my face in order to present
  the less painful parts of my body to her strokes.  
As she was beating me, she said:  
- And you still don't understand you have to apologise?  
All my life, I had been thinking that nothing was more humiliating than having
  to apologise to someone. During school times, I was so proud that I never wanted
  to apologise to my teachers and was often punished more because I was even
  not repenting. In the army, I was even about to fail as an officer because
  I was too proud to admit mistakes in front of my chief instructor. Now, I was
  at the feet of my splendid wife, she was beating me and considering like a
  small boy or worse, and I had to apologise. The pain was becoming to strong.
  There were some bad thoughts in my brain: I wanted to get up with anger and
  stop her. I was stronger than she was, I just had to get up and stop this stupid
  game. Nevertheless, at the same time, she was my wife, the best woman in the
  world, the one who made me understand what love was. I could never do anything
  bad to her. So, my anger felt down slowly under the heavy strokes coming quicker
  and quicker on my bare bottom. I could humbly say with a very low voice:  
- I am sorry, Mistress.  
- What did you say, slave? She shouted.  
I repeated, a little bit higher.  
- I am sorry, Mistress.  
- Is it a way to apologise? Get on your knees, slave, and really apologise!  
I slowly got up on my knees. Jesus! I had never felt so much pain on my body.
  I could not easily move. I thought that if my legs and my backbone were broken,
  I could not feel worse.  
I fixed her feet and started:  
- I am s&hellip;  
She slapped me three times.  
- Look into my eyes, slave!  
I was humiliated and embarrassed. I reluctantly raised my eyes to stare at
  her so beautiful face. She was so wonderful. When I was looking at her, I was
  feeling so lucky she was my wife.  
- I am sorry, Mistress.  
She slapped me again.  
I am expecting better from you, slave. I know you are a good speaker, so
  show me you really apologise.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I was thinking she wanted a better apology. She really wanted to humiliate
  me more. I thought of what to say, but the pain in my body was too big and
  it was difficult to concentrate.  
- This is your last chance, slave. I am waiting.  
I did not want to have more pain, so I started:  
- Please Mistress; I did not want to offence you&hellip; I am a very bad
  boy &hellip; and I am feeling so bad I offended you &hellip; and I am happy
  you could punish me&hellip; to remember I have to be better&hellip; I hope
  you will discipline me very well&hellip; and teach me how to please you under
  all circumstances.  
- Not bad slave. I don't forgive you anyway. I will have to punish you. I
  cannot accept that you tell me what to do. Since Friday evening, you are my
  slave. Before, we were just playing, but now it is our real life. Finish your
  work.  
She was turning and leaving me as she was telling me the last words. But
  she changed her mind and stopped.  
- Come here, slave, and kiss my ass!  
I went to her on my knees and kissed her buttocks across the bottom of her
  short red nightdress.  
- Is it my ass, slave? Raise my nightdress with your teeth and kiss my ass!  
I obeyed her. I pressed my lips on her ass and kissed several times. It was
  almost like a reward. This close contact to her was so nice. I enjoyed the
  smell of her private parts. I almost forgot all my pains and I felt my cock
  becoming very hard. She did not say anything and just left me. I am sure she
  knew that I was hard. She even did not mind me and left the kitchen.  
I got up and finished my work. I was very hard, but I concentrated on my
  work. The arousal left me gradually and the feeling of the pain came back.  
I was cooking the eggs and pressing the fruits for the fresh juices. I was
  thinking of the last words she told me. She was telling me that up to Friday,
  we were just playing and now I was her slave. I knew it could not be true.
  I cannot live like this all the time. I mean, we can play this nice game from
  time to time; we cannot live like that all the time. She cannot tell me what
  to do all the time. I have other things to do than just playing this fantasy.  
I would have to discuss seriously with her this evening, when her friends
  are gone. Anyway, I was sure she was just playing fully her Mistress' role.  
The breakfast was ready and the table was nicely dressed. I went to the bedroom
  to tell her. I knocked the door and entered. She was just coming out of the
  bathroom. She had her towel around her body. I was staring at her; I was hoping
  that she would remove it in front of me in order to dress.  
- What are you looking, slave? You think you are going to see my body? Turn
  and watch the wall.  
I obeyed. I was disappointed. I heart she was walking in the room. She threw
  her towel on my head. She was walking naked behind me, I just had to turn and
  watch. But I was afraid of her reaction, so I just stayed like I was. I heart
  the wooden doors being opened and the sweet noise of clothes being touching
  a body.  
- Turn!  
I obeyed. She was wearing a short light cotton dress. I knew this dress;
  she was wearing it during the first days we were together.  
-Tell me, slave, did you go to the toilets this morning?  
- Yes Mistress.  
- Who told you to do that?  
Again, she was asking me a question that I could not answer. I mean, nobody
  tells me when I have to go to the toilets.  
Nobody, Mistress. I was just feeling to do it, like every morning.  
- So you need more lessons, don't you?  
She suddenly shouted in my face:  
- You are now under my control, do you understand? There is nothing, I repeat,
  NOTHING; you can do without my authorisation. Whatever you want to do, you
  first have to receive my authorisation. Is it well in your head, slave?  
- Yes Mistress, I am sorry Mistress, I won't do it again.  
- Don't tell me that slave; you are just starting your training. I don't
  expect you to be perfect before years, and I will really enjoy training you.
  So, you lied to me again, you told me you were not doing to do it again, and
  I know you will do it, you will disobey me so many times in a day that I wonder
  if I won't be to tired in using my whip on your white ass.  
She stopped two seconds.  
- You see you are not perfect. Do you think it is a good position for a slave
  to talk to his Mistress?  
- No, Mistress, I am sorry Mistress. I quickly say as I was kneeling at her
  feet.  
- Come with me to the toilets. I want you to pee. If you don't, I will be
  really angry.  
I was afraid. I had just gone to the toilets less than one hour before. I
  was wondering how I could do what she wanted.  
I went on my fours to the toilets and wanted to stand in front of the W.C.  
- What are you doing, slave?  
- Mistress&hellip; I want to obey you, you told me ton pee.  
- You are standing like a man, you are a slave. Be on your knees!  
I came back to my previous position. She brought a plastic bowl and threw
  it on the ground in front of me.  
- That is what slave can use. Now, do it! And dare not put one drop outside
  the bowl.  
I stared at the bowl and tried to concentrate. I had not taken anything since
  last night. My bladder was surely empty. I tried to think about cold rain on
  my body, cold water, and waterfalls, anything that could let me piss.  
- It is as if your body is not enough red, I heart in my back. You really
  do everything to receive more marks on your body, unless you just want to upset
  me?  
- Please, no Mistress, I don't want to upset you. I just cannot anymore do
  it.  
- You see why you have to obey instructions? You cannot think yourself. If
  you had not taken yourself the decision to pee this morning, now you would
  have been able to do it and please me. In addition, I wouldn't have had to
  punish you&hellip;  
- Please Mistress, I won't do it again, I did not know.  
- What did I tell you? You are again lying. I cannot believe you want so
  much to be punished.  
- Please Mistress, I am sorry.  
- I did not ask you to be sorry, slave, I asked you to pee in this bowl and
  you are disobeying me.  
I succeeded and some few drops fell in the bowl. I was so ashamed to urinate
  in front of her.  
- It is too late, slave, and I wanted to have a full bowl. Next time, you
  will know. Any action without authorisation will be severely punished. You
  cannot imagine all the punishments I had time to create since the months I
  am preparing&hellip;  
She hit my neck.  
- Now, clean yourself.  
I took some water. I was embarrassed to be like this in the toilets, being
  obliged to urinate in a bowl in front of her, and now to clean my so private
  place at her glance.  
I could not believe that I was in such a situation. I had been in this small
  room for the last ten minutes, just talking about pissing, obeying my wife
  as if I was a small boy or a dog. I was just wondering what I could have said
  if someone was telling me that just two days before. At least it was a good
  experience. When I was just dreaming of bdsm, it was nice. I was becoming very
  hard, I was watching pictures, reading or imaging stories, and it was very
  exciting to imagine myself in the situation. But my dreams were not going so
  far, there was no pain, no real humiliation.  
- Get up!  
I quickly got up in front of her. She touched my cock and I directly got
  hard. She then took it in the hand and pulled me behind her. We went back to
  the dining room.  
- Now, you go and call everybody like yesterday. You knock the door and you
  wait. When one tells you to enter, you enter. You will be very polite and address
  my valuable friends very humbly. I don't want any complain. And you will all
  the time stare at them into their eyes.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went to the first room and knocked the door.  
  CHAPTER FIVE   
I heart a voice telling me to come in and I opened the door. I entered the
  room and watched to two girls in the bed. They were naked but the bed sheet
  was covering their body. I knelt down on the floor and said, looking at them
  in the eyes:  
- Good morning Mistresses, please the breakfast is ready.  
- Come here, slave.  
I went to the side of the bed. They were looking at my body, focusing on
  my cock.  
- Tell me slave, why are you hard?  
That was again a embarrassing question. In knew why I was hard, but it was
  difficult to say that, being naked, in front of two nice girls who I don't
  know.  
- My Mistress touched me, Mistress.  
- So you like to be touched?  
- Yes Mistress, I had no other choice to say.  
- Well, do you like to be naked with us?  
They wanted to embarrass me more. This question was very bad, I could not
  say yes, I was too ashamed.  
- No Mistress, I said  
The one who was on my side of the bed slapped me. This movement made me see
  her breast.  
- You are a liar. You like it so much.  
- Look at you; said the second girl, you are so hard.  
- You are hard because you are naked and humiliated, that is the reason why
  you are hard.  
The first one slapped me again.  
- We will have to report you and punish you, you have lied again and you
  have watched my breast.  
The other one added:  
- You don't know that a slave cannot watch the body of a superior being?  
- I am sorry, Mistress, I did not know.  
- You are not excused, slave. Tell us you like to be naked and humiliated
  by black girls?  
I did not want to say that, but I thought that if I were not obeying them,
  they would longer torture me and do something worse later.  
- Yes Mistress, I like to be naked and humiliated.  
- By who?  
- By black girls.  
- Tell us again slave.  
- Yes, tell us you are stupid white slave who likes to be naked with black
  girls.  
I was more and more ashamed. With difficulties, I said slowly:  
- I am a stupid white slave who likes to be naked with black girls.  
- Beg us to humiliate you more.  
- Please Mistress, humiliate me more.  
- We will do, slave. Yesterday was just the beginning of your new life. We
  were very nice with you, but today we will have to be more severe, you have
  experience now,  
- And you deserve so many punishments for being so naughty, added the other.  
- Go now. We have to get up.  
I turned and left the room on my knees. I received a shoe in my back.  
- Is it the way to leave us, slave?  
- You show us your white ass?  
- We have to educate and discipline you more strongly.  
I turned to them and watched them in their eyes.  
- I am sorry Mistresses.  
I stayed on my knees and left the room backwards. When I was out of the room,
  I closed the door and got up.  
I went to the second door and knocked. I heart a voice telling me to come
  in.  
I opened the door and knelt down. I did not forget the lesson of the previous
  room. There was only one girl in this room. I looked into her eyes. That was
  the most difficult part of my humiliation. Being humiliated was already difficult
  and terrible, but being obliged to look in the eyes of my torturer was worse.
  Each time, there was a kind of mockery in their eyes, together with a dominating
  and amused smile.  
- Good morning Mistress, please the breakfast is ready.  
The girl was also in her bed. She started removing her bed sheets and I quickly
  closed my eyes.  
I heart she was getting up and coming to me. I kept my eyes shut. She put
  her body close to mine, slowly dancing against me and exciting me.  
- What kind of boy are you? A naked woman is showing herself to you and you
  close your eyes.  
- Please Mistress, I have been told that I could not see a woman naked.  
- Why are you hard?  
- Because I like to be naked with black girls. I like them to dominate and
  humiliate me.  
I thought I had a good answer because the girl kept silent. She made a step
  backwards. I did not move and kept my eyes shut. I wanted to open my eyes and
  watch the girl, but I did not want to give them another chance to humiliate
  me more. But they had a lot of imagination.  
- You know slave that you woke me up this morning?  
- I am sorry, Mistress.  
- Yes, you were not obeying your Mistress. She had to shout at you and punish
  you. I don't like to be waked up by noise.  
- I am so sorry Mistress.  
- Tell me why you refused to pee?  
Oh no! She had found something to humiliate me. Whatever I could answer,
  there was always something to put me down and be ashamed.  
- Please Mistress, I did not refuse to pee, I could not.  
She quietly answered:  
- So, you are telling I am a liar?  
- Please no Mistress, I meant I refused to pee because my bladder was empty.  
- Why can't you obey your Mistress?  
- I did not know, Mistress. In the future, if I have to go to the toilets,
  I will ask my Mistress' permission.  
- You will better do, slave. But I don't forget you treated me a liar. And
  I don't forget you told me I am an ugly woman.  
- Please Mistress, I answered. I did not tell you that. You are a very gorgeous
  woman.  
- Again! You treat me again a liar!  
- No Mistress, please.  
- You did, slave. You told me twice I am a liar. And you insulted me. You
  told me I am an ugly woman. That is the first time someone closes his eyes
  when I show my nakedness.  
She slapped my cheeks several times.  
- Kiss my feet, slave and leave me alone.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went on my fours and moved slowly backwards. I was surely looking so stupid,
  on my fours, at the feet of a beautiful woman and I was moreover voluntarily
  keeping my eyes shut.  
I touched her feet and bended down to kiss the two of them several times.
  This was again something that was exciting me, so when I got back to my knees
  and started moving backward to the door, she started laughing.  
- And you are even harder! I give you my feet to kiss and it makes you hard.
  That is why black girls have power, I just authorise you to kiss my feet and
  you get so much aroused. It would never happen to me.  
I left the room and closed the door. The last guests were outside. We are
  five bedrooms inside the house and some other flats outside. I did not know
  why Juniana did not let the two other girls sleep in the house.  
I went to the kitchen and opened the door to the garden. I walked to the
  flats, at the other side of the property.  
The heat of the African sun was reminding me, if it was necessary, the hundreds
  of strokes of crops, whips, paddle and hands I had been receiving for two days.
  It was painful. No part of my body had been spared. As I was standing in front
  of the door, I touched my hard cock in order to put away some kind of kind
  of white dust. I knocked the door and I directly heart a voice behind me, no
  from inside.  
- What do you expect to do, slave? Are you masturbating?  
I turned. The two girls I wanted to invite for the breakfast were outside,
  walking to me.  
- Please no Mistress, I quickly said.  
- So we have to understand that you wanted to enter with your dick in your
  hand. That is even more punishable.  
- Please no Mistress, I just wanted to remove something on it.  
- Did you ask permission before?  
- No Mistress. But there was nobody around.  
- You did not check well. Moreover, if you don't see anybody, then you wait.
  You don't have to do anything without permission, and none of us would have
  allowed you to touch this part.  
The other one had come on my side. She took my hair and pulled me down.  
- You still do not know how to talk to a woman?  
- Please Mistress, I forgot.  
- You forgot but you did not forget to masturbate without permission. Follow
  us on your fours, slave.  
She was pulling me by the hair and I had to walk on my fours between them.
  We went back to the kitchen and then to the dinning room where the other girls
  where already sitting.  
- We have to complain about your slave, Juniana. The one who was pulling
  me said. He arrived to our room with his hard cock in his hand. I don't know
  whether he was masturbating or whether he wanted to enter to show us his dick,
  but you should not allow him that.  
- And he doesn't know how to talk, he is very impolite. I am very disappointed
  with this weekend.  
Yes, I don't know what he was talking about, but we had to guess that it
  was breakfast time, he even did not tell us.  
I could not believe my ears the way they were arranging the facts. This was
  really not fair.  
The two girls left me to go and sit at the two remaining places. Juniana
  stood up and came to me. She was looking so angry. I had never seen her like
  that and I became afraid. I was on my knees. She quickly ran to me and slapped
  me with all her force.  
- How can you disgrace me in front of my friends? I just receive complains
  about you. You cannot behave.  
- I am sorry Mistress. I am sorry.  
All these harassments were stressing me a lot. It was difficult to be continuously
  under control and under the pressure of these women. They were accusing me
  of fallacious facts. The pressure was so high that I was feeling some sobs
  in the bottom of me. They were pushing me too much beyond my mental resistance.
  During the army time, I was bravely resisting to the high pressure with a strong
  moral force, and now, these women, including my own wife, were going beyond
  my point of moral resistance. The most terrible was that I could not do anything
  but obey, and I did not understand why.  
- Go and say sorry to all of them, slave. You go on your knees, your arms
  alongside the body, and you look at them politely and humbly.  
- Yes Mistress, I said.  
I went on my knees to the first one who was sitting just behind Juniana.  
I was on my knee at her feet. She was just looking at me and was smiling.
  I said:  
- Please Mistress, I am very sorry I have offended you. Please accept my
  apologies.  
- I don't accept your apologies, slave. You are too disgusting. I came here
  to have a nice weekend with my friends, not to be insulted. You spoil the day,
  even the weekend.  
- I am sorry Mistress.  
She took my chin in her hand and pulled me to her; I almost fell down on
  her legs but fortunately I could hold myself with my feet and my knees.  
- You had to be careful and respectful before, slave. You &ndash; and look
  at me when I am talking to you &ndash; you are disgracing my best friend in
  front of us.  
She pushed me strongly back and I fell on the ground. I was trying to get
  up on my knees, but I received two strokes of crops on my legs.  
- Get up quickly slave, we have lost enough time, we are hungry. Juniana
  said.  
- Yes, another one said, we thought it was a breakfast, it is almost a lunch.  
- Next time we want a brunch we rather go to Frankie's, it is faster and
  we are not insulted all the time.  
I went to the next girl. All these girls were as usual very sexy. They had
  short cotton dresses showing their tights very high. Being at their feet, I
  could have a clear glance at their legs up the panty.  
- Don't look at me like that, naughty boy. Did you see that, Juniana? He
  tries to look under my skirt.  
Juniana came behind me and as strongly as she could she hit my buttocks with
  her crop.  
God, it was too painful. I fell down on the ground, holding my buttocks and
  massaging the hot place to reduce the pain. Juniana did not allow me to touch
  me.  
- Get up slave, don't touch yourself. All what you receive you deserve it.  
She shouted more:  
- UP! On your knees! Apology to my friend!  
I started crying. Against my will, sorrows of pain and despair came to my
  eyes. I got up with difficulties to my knees, and took back my position in
  front of the girl. Sorrows were rolling on my cheeks into my mouths. I could
  not talk; my voice was stopped by the sorrows.  
- Pl-pl-please, M-m-m-mistress, I-I am v-v-v-very sorry&hellip; I-I h-h-have
  off-ff-ffended you. Pl-pl-please a-a-a-accept m-m-my ap-p-p-ologies.  
I had just completed my sentences that I felt again a strong hit on my buttocks.
  This time I went down on the ground, I was howling and crying at the same time.
  I had never felt so much pain. The combination of this physical and this mental
  pains was too much. I was on the ground, at the feet of two women. I was crying
  and massaging my buttocks. But it was not enough for them. While the whole
  assembly was laughing, Juniana was hitting me more.  
- Get up slave. You are not in circus here, don't put yourself into the spectacle.
  How dare you do that?  
I was wondering what I had done but I could not answer. I could not talk.
  I was just focusing on my pain and my embarrassment. And I was hearing the
  laughing voices of the girls.  
Juniana told me:  
- I don't appreciate that, slave. You behave like all these stupid men, they
  find a nice sentence and then they repeat it to all the women. But you are
  no longer a man, you are a slave, and we expect better from you. You have to
  be creative, women deserve that. I want to hear a new apology for all my friends,
  do you understand?  
She was still thrashing me.  
- And stop massaging your buttocks, take back your position, on your knees,
  arms alongside the body and speak clearly.  
I did not answer; the pain was more than I could bear. She hit me more.  
Get up, slave, I tell you for the second time. You will regret your disobedience
  and your bad, naughty behave.  
Still crying with all the shame of the world in my eyes, I got up with much
  difficulty, felling the burn of the whipping in my back. The day had just started
  and I could not go further. I was too ashamed. The humiliation was even defeating
  the pain. But the worse was that I was thinking that my dear wife did not love
  me anymore. I did not understand why she was doing that to me. What had I done?
  I was feeling so sad, so useless. Nothing was important now that she had stopped
  loving me. I loved her so much. Why had that to end?  
I took my position in front of the girl at her feet. Nothing was important
  now. I stared at her. She was looking at me with disdain. It was like the shame
  and the embarrassment had gone. I could talk clearly  
- Please Mistress; I have been a naughty slave. I don't deserve to even be
  here at your feet, but I regret all my offences to you.  
- I don't accept your apologies, slave. If you were really repenting, you
  would have fallen at my feet and beg much earlier.  
She just slapped me.  
- Go now, and go faster, I am angry.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went to the third girl, keeping my correct position.  
- Please Mistress, I don't ought to have the privilege to be a dust under
  your shoes, but please accept the apologies of a bad slave who mistakenly  
I was above my feelings, nothing was important; I was even no longer suffering.
  Everything came mechanically. I was surprised that although English was my
  third languages, words were coming so quickly. I was at a point of no sensation.  
- She just looked at me quietly and said: "No, slave, I don't accept".  
Yet on my knees, I went to the fourth girl, on the other side of the table.
  I placed in position and said:  
- Please Mistress, I am deeply sorry for the insults I have told you. Please
  accept my apologies for the bad times I gave you during this weekend.  
The woman just looked at me a long time. Laughing had stopped. Everyone was
  surprised I could talk. She just pushed me back and told me to hurry up because
  she had lost enough time. It was as if they had nothing more to tell me. Juniana
  went to seat at her place. The six splendid women were staring at me. I moved
  to the last one and said:  
- Please Mistress, I am so sorry I have insulted you. I am sorry I spoiled
  your time and I would like to present my most sincere apologies.  
I had just ended my sentence that Juniana closed the tour.  
- We want to start to eat, slave. Go and bring the tea and the hot chocolate.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I left the room backward and got up to go to the kitchen. The tea was ready
  but I had still the warm some milk for the chocolate. While I was doing that,
  I heart Juniana coming in the room. She came to put her left hand on my buttocks,
  while her right one was going to catch my dick. She pressed her body on mine
  and kissed my neck.  
Directly I felt her love flooding all over my body and my soul. I became
  so happy she still loved me and I became very hard again. I was so happy that
  I cried again.  
- Come on, slave, we are waiting for you. Bring the chocolate.  
She caressed my cock some few seconds more and went back to the dinning room.
  I finished the preparation of the hot chocolate and went back to the dinning
  room. The six women had already started their breakfast. They were enjoying
  their mail and were talking to each other in Twe, so I could not understand.
  I served some tea and some chocolate. While I was doing my service, they changed
  the language to English. I was still very hard. I was trying to hide my tears
  and now that I was sure that my wife loved me, my entire situation took back
  its importance. I was naked with six clothed black girls who were using me
  as their slave. I was embarrassed and humiliated, and I was ashamed to show
  my hard naked dick to everybody.  
The girl sitting at the opposite of my wife said:  
- Juniana, the first time you told me there was a white man who wanted to
  go naked, I did not believe you. But I can see he enjoy it. Look how aroused
  he is to be walking naked around us.  
- Yes, it is difficult to believe that. It seems he enjoys that so much.  
- I always wanted to see that, another one added a white man as a slave.  
- The best is that you even do not have to force him, he does not have any
  chain, he is free but he wants to serve us anyway.  
- You are right, Juniana said, I could not believe it when he told me that
  when we met. He told me that he wanted to be my slave; he wanted to be under
  my control and obey my instructions. I tested him and it was true. So now,
  he will live naked at my service. I will just own him.  
- You are right to have him naked, however you should ameliorate his body.
  Look at him. That is the problem of whites, he has different colours, a little
  bit tanned in the face, his arms are a little bit less tanned and the rest
  is white. The worse is below the waist, he was wearing swimming costume and
  he has always been as white as an aspirin there. But yesterday, he spent some
  hours under the sun and he is red like a boiled lobster.  
All of them were amused.  
- Don't worry, I know what to do. Anyway, he will be always naked, so whatever
  the colour he will have, it will be homogeneous.  
As I was just serving chocolate to the last person who wanted some, Juniana
  called me.  
- Look slave, I unfortunately dropped some marmalade on my shoe. Clean it.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went down at her feet and wanted to take it off with a tissue. She slapped
  my head.  
- Not like this, clean it with your mouth!  
Yes, Mistress.  
I began to lick her shoe and removed the marmalade.  
- Go ahead, slave, clean my two shoes fully, and after you will do the same
  for my guests.  
I licked her two shoes completely and went to the second one, beginning my
  table tour by the left. While I was under the table, I could have a look at
  all the sexy tights but I did not want to have another punishment so I just
  did what I was demanded to do.  
During the time I was licking shoes, the breakfast ended with conversations
  in Twe. As I had just cleaned the last shoes, they got up. Juniana told me
  to clean the table and the kitchen. I got up alone in the room and took everything
  back to the kitchen. There was a lot of food and I was very angry, but I did
  not want to eat without their permission.  
I was doing the washing up and Juniana came in the room. She just controlled
  me. When I finished the cleaning, she told me to take a bottle of water in
  the fridge, what I did.  
- Drink everything.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I was very thirsty also, so I was delightful to her. The problem was that
  even if I was thirsty, it is difficult to drink one and a half litre of water
  in one shot. The second half of the bottle was difficult and I drank it slowly.
  Finally I could complete my task.  
- Put the bottle in the bin and take another one.  
- Yes Mistress.  
As I had just taken the new bottle, she told me again to drink it.  
- Please Mistress, my stomach is full.  
- Will you obey me or I need to punish you more?  
- No please Mistress, I will drink it.  
I began to drink. It was too difficult, and I was very slow.  
- Go ahead, slave, we don't have the whole day. We have some nice activities
  this afternoon.  
I was drinking the water, with sometimes some spasms. I was feeling pain
  in my stomach. I could not believe it could contain so much water. When I was
  a student I could drink a lot of beer, but water is different.  
I could finally finish the bottle. She pressed my stomach.  
- I think it will be enough.  
She took a collar and a leash and told me to go on my fours. She pulled me
  outside and we went to the terrace. Her friends were already in the long chairs.
  They were wearing bikinis.  
Juniana told them:  
- Do you know foot massage?  
The girls said they knew but had never experienced.  
- I will show you.  
She removed her dress and was also in sexy bikini. She sat in her chair,
  always holding my leash.  
- Slave, lick my feet.  
My mouth was already at the height of her feet. I took the first one in my
  hands and put my mouth around the big toe. I sucked it slowly, then went to
  the other ones, while my hands were massaging the other parts of the foot.  
-It is very nice, she said. I like to receive that during hours, but today
  I have to share. Juniana said. I want you to experience it. It is relaxing.  
- And he also enjoys it, someone said. Look, he is hard again. Each time
  he is at our feet, he is hard.  
Everybody laughed.  
When I had massaged and sucked her feet during fifteen minutes, Juniana told
  me to stop and go to the next girl. She gave the leash to her friend and this
  one pulled me to her. I tool her feet and started my massage with my mouth
  and my hands. The woman was enjoying.  
- Ho, that is great. It is almost as nice as sex. I would like that for hours.
  Juniana, thank you!  
Juniana gave her also fifteen minutes then my leash changed of hand and I
  had to massage her neighbour. They were also talking to each other. My body
  was still very painful because of the lashes and other punishments. When I
  reached the third guest, I began to feel the three litres of water urging me
  to go to the toilets.  
When I finished her feet, she gave my leash. At this time, as I was not busy,
  I begged Juniana:  
- Please Mistress, can I go to urinate?  
- No.  
She just answered. I understood she wanted to punish me for this morning.
  She wanted to play again with me and humiliate me.  
I licked the fifth pair of feet. I was concentrating on the feet. I just
  had to hold it during thirty minutes before I could be released.  
Every minute, I was more difficult. The pain of my bladder was increasing
  and it was now urgent I could go to release myself, how humiliating it could
  be.  
I finally finished the last foot and Juniana had my leash back in her hand.  
- We want drinks, slave. Go and prepare some fresh pineapple juice and come
  back.  
She turned to her right neighbour and gave her the leash.  
- Please Sandra, take him there and control him.  
The girl took me on my fours, very slowly to the kitchen. She outgripped
  my leas.  
- You can stand, slave. Prepare the juice.  
I got up in pain. I had difficulties to control my bladder. I nevertheless
  took three pineapples in the fruit basket and cut them. Then I prepared the
  juice. When I finished a big jar, she told me to put ice in it. I obeyed. I
  took a large plate, the glasses and the jar. She gripped the leash and pulled
  me to the terrace.  
I displayed the glasses on the table and served the juice, then I gave the
  glasses to all the girls.  
- Please Mistress, can I go to the toilets?  
- No. And stop disturbing us. If you dare ask me again, you drink another
  bottle, do you understand?  
- Yes Mistress.  
I was standing close to her, between her and Aysha. It was so urgent to urinate
  that I was trying to help in balancing from one foot to the other.  
- Stop dancing like this. If you want to dance for us, put a CD and dance
  on the table!  
- Please Mistress, I did not want to dance.  
- I want you to dance, so do as I ordered.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I went to put a CD on the terrace HiFi. I took the first CD of the pile.
  It was local high life music. The music started and I climbed on the table.
  I danced slowly.  
- You dance very badly, slave, said Sandra. This is not high life music.
  Go faster&hellip; Juniana, didn't you teach him how to dance?  
- I did, and I will have to punish him again.  
Juniana stood up, took a crop and lashed my legs.  
- Dance correctly, slave.  
I never could dance high life music, but in these circumstances, I was exposed
  naked on a table to the glance of six women who were just humiliating me, and
  I had to urinate. It was difficult to move my ass correctly, because it was
  pressing on my bladder. The pain was too much. I did not want to ask again
  because of the threat I had been given; I just hoped she could feel some pity
  for me and authorise me to urinate.  
- He is no longer hard. Do you think he does not like to dance?  
- I rather think we have to authorise him to pee, Ivy answered  
- Let's try, Efua said.  
- Stop you hideous demonstration, slave, Juniana said, and come here at my
  feet.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I quickly went down the table and came to knee at Juniana's feet.  
- Take my dress and put it on me.  
I went on my knees behind her and took her dress. She stood up and always
  on my knees; I put the dress on her. She ordered me to do the same to all her
  guests. She really wanted to increase my torment. I was about to urinate now.
  It would be soon impossible to hold.  
The last girl I had dressed kept the leash and we went to the garden. Of
  course, they opted for the furthest place, after one and a half tour of the
  garden. I was following them on my fours, praying that they allowed me to urinate.  
We at last stopped.  
- Get up, slave. Juniana said.  
- Yes, Mistress.  
I got up in front of her. I was so ashamed to be in the middle of the girls,
  just waiting for an authorisation to pee.  
Juniana caressed my tummy unhurriedly, then went down to catch my cock. I
  could not be hard because of the pressure of the urine.  
- You are not hard, slave; I think it is a personal insult. When I take this
  thing in my hand, I expect it to be hard. Maybe you have masturbated too much.  
The girls were laughing and commenting on me.  
- Please no Mistress, I said, I did not masturbate.  
- So, I want you to be hard.  
She caressed my dick with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. It
  did not take more than five seconds for me too be fully hard.  
- That is better.  
She caressed me more, very slowly. I was confused between the pain and the
  pressure coming from my bladder and the sweetness and the excitation coming
  from her hands.  
She removed the hand from my balls and took back the leash. She pulled it
  down in order me to be on my fours.  
She gave back the leash to someone.  
- We are going to make a new tour of the garden, slave. You are going to
  be hard all the time. If you fail, we will keep on walking until you can make
  one full tour as I order. Let's go.  
And I had to follow the six girls again in the garden. They were talking,
  laughing at me but I did not listen. I was just concentrating on keeping my
  hard on. I was thinking to my fantasies, to my best sex times with my wife,
  everything to keep me hard. The pressure was too much. When we reached the
  other side of the house, I started feeling my cock coming a little bit down.  
- Look, Joy said, he disobeyed you.  
- Indeed, Juniana answered. Get up, slave.  
I got up in front of us. She took me in her hands and caressed me slowly.  
- I think you have too much sex, she said. I have to reduce that. We have
  been too nice with you this weekend; we have authorized you to cum twice. The
  next time you will cum will be in one month.  
All the girls laughed.  
- I want to see that, Aysha said. One month without sex?  
- I did not say that, Juniana answered, I said that he won't be authorized
  to cum. But I will keep him hard all the time. And I need him for my own pleasure.  
- That is even worse for him, Sandra said.  
All the girls laughed again.  
I was very hard again.  
- Take back your position, slave, and let's go. This time you are lucky,
  we will help you although you don't deserve it.  
She sat on my back. She had removed her pant and I felt her pussy on my back.
  I was walking slowly but this sensation was great and it kept me hard. After
  we had walked half distance, she asked someone to sit also on my back. I had
  now two girls sitting on me. I was feeling the two wet, hot warm pussies on
  my skin and of course, I was very excited. I was also feeling the high pressure
  from my bladder. I hoped it could finally end. I wanted to urinate. At the
  same time, I wanted to continue to feel the two bodies on mine.  
We walked ten meters and Juniana put her hands inside the legs of her friend.
  She was fingering her slowly. We made one full circle around the house like
  that and arrived at the place. I was still hard. The girl was groaning. She
  suddenly pressed her legs on me for a long orgasm. She waited a minute and
  got up, Juniana also.  
-This was great, Victoria said, thank you.  
- The other girls were telling that they also needed sex.  
Juniana told me as she was attaching my leash to a tree:  
- I authorize you to pee, slave. When you have finished, you don't move and
  you wait until we come back.  
They watched me pissing a so long time. It was so great that I did not mind
  the six girls watching me. When I could empty myself under me, they left me
  and went inside.  
I had to wait under the sun. I kept on my fours; I did not want to have problems.
  They came back one hour later, I guessed. They were talking about great sex.
  I understood they had sex in the bedroom, the six of them together.  
Sandra took my leash and we went to the terrace. I was feeling so free with
  my empty bladder.  
Juniana told them.  
- Let's organize the last activity of this weekend.  
- Oh, it is already over? We have so much fun.  
- Yes, that is one of my greatest times of my life.  
- Juniana, please organise that very soon.  
- Don't worry, girls, I will. Now, look at this.  
She took a box in the cupboard and put it on the table. She took off my leash
  and attached something else in leather. I was only feeling it on my back because
  I was still on my fours between them. Juniana also attached leather scraps
  at my ankles and wrists. She ordered me to get up and she pulled me to the
  garage. There was a small buggy. She attached its arms to my wrists like she
  would have attached a horse. She took a whip and sat on the left side of the
  buggy.  
Sandra came to sit close to her.  
Juniana lashed me with the whip and tossed the horse leash. I understood
  I had to walk and pulled the buggy outside the garage in the garden. Juniana
  was riding me everywhere around the house. The four walking girls went to sit
  under the shadow at the terrace. After 20 minutes of walk, Juniana drove me
  to the poolside and went out with her friend. She gave the whip to Aysha who
  came to sit in the buggy with Sandra. Once again, I had to pull them in the
  garden. They found a lot of fun in using me like a horse.  
I was very tired but continued to serve them as they wanted. I pulled the
  buggy all over the property during one hour; the girls were rolling in the
  buggy. At the end, Juniana arrived with the three remaining girls.  
-Let's see if this buggy is solid enough for the six of us.  
They tried to place themselves in the buggy but only five of them could sit.
  So, Juniana told the last girl to jump on my shoulder and sit there. She climbed
  on me, helping with the arms of the buggy and sit on my shoulder. She had a
  crop in her hand. Juniana had given it to her because she was afraid that she
  could hurt her while she was whipping me. The girl cropped my buttock and I
  pulled the buggy with everybody. It was so heavy. I had to put all my force
  to place one foot ahead of the other. I was walking slowly but the rider on
  my shoulder was not happy with the speed and she was cropping and cropping
  me. I pulled everybody as fast as I could. I was groaning because of the pain
  and the effort. When we completed one tour, she said:  
- Another one slave, and this time go faster at a regular speed. Don't shake
  my friends in the buggy.  
- Yes Mistress, I moaned breathless.  
And I put all my strength in the effort. I pulled the buggy faster around
  the house. I completed one tour and stopped.  
- Don't stop, slave, I did not tell you to stop, go ahead, two more rides.
  Faster!  
I was breathless and without energy. I nevertheless obeyed her and walked
  again. After two rides around the house, she did not demand me to stop so I
  walked forward. Fortunately, when we reached the garage side, she pulled the
  right side of my tether to indicate me the direction of it. I went inside the
  garage and my rider alighted. She kept the tether while the five other girls
  were also coming down the buggy.  
Juniana came to release me from the arms of the buggy and took the tether.
  She pulled me to the terrace side. The girls were walking around me. I was
  feeling very weak. I was trying to recover my breath. I was seating a lot;
  my body was wet from my forehead to my toes.  
- Let's wash the slave after the effort. Juniana said.  
They put me in the bucket that had used yesterday. They took three hard brushes
  and scrubbed my body. It was so hurting after all the sores of the last two
  days. But they did not mind my pain and scrubbed hardly. After, they used soap
  and finally rinsed me with the high-pressure water. That was their preferred
  action. Sandra even ordered me to bend down and catch my ankles. She concentrated
  the water jet on my asshole during a long time under the laughs of all the
  girls. When they had had enough fun, they stopped and replaced the tether by
  a leash and pulled me to the terrace. They sat down in the chairs and Juniana
  outgripped my leash.  
- All these activities gave us thirst. Slave, go to the kitchen and prepare
  tea. We want also some cookies.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I was very thirsty and hungry also, but I did not want beg for water. I did
  not want any other bladder torture like this afternoon. With the intense activity
  of the late afternoon, I had forgotten my humiliation and embarrassment. I
  tough that I could get used to it but it was not coming down, on the contrary.
  I had more and more activities to remember and it was increasing my shame.  
I poured water in the boiler and prepared some cookies and biscuits in a
  serving plate. Water was boiling so I poured it in the teapot and took cups,
  sugar, milk and the box with my own collection of teas.  
I brought everything to the terrace and served the girls. I passed in between
  them to serve the cookies.  
- It is a long time you have not eaten, isn't it slave?  
- Yes Mistress, I answered.  
- We will give you some food. You don't deserve it but we want to be kind
  with you.  
- Thank you Mistress, I answered.  
I wondered how they were going to feed me. I had not to wait too much. However
  they were going to give me food, I would accept it. Since Friday evening, I
  had not made a real meal. The three litres of water in my stomach this morning
  had also increased my appetite.  
Juniana took one of the cookies and put it in front of my nose.  
- Do you want this cookie, slave?  
- Yes Mistress.  
She threw in on the ground behind me.  
- Go and take it&hellip; Don't use your hands.  
I went on my fours three meters behind me and found the cookie at the edge
  of the terrace, almost in the grass. I took it with my mouth and swallowed.
  Another girl called me like a dog. I turned and she threw a new cookie in my
  direction.  
- Catch it!  
I caught it with my right hand.  
- Not with your paw, stupid slave. Don't eat that one!  
I dropped the cookie on the tiles of the terrace. She took another one and
  threw it in my direction. I tried to catch it with my mouth but failed. There
  laughed at me. I had to bend and take it with my mouth to eat. They did that
  several times. I was still hungry but they stopped. I did not want to beg for
  more, I was afraid of what could have happened if I asked.  
They were eating the cookies and drinking their tea. I was just waiting at
  their feet, with no order, so I could not do anything.  
Under these latitudes, sunset is very short. In less than fifteen minutes,
  the sky became red and dark. Girls decided to go inside. Juniana commanded
  me to clear the place and come in. I did as instructed. As I was in the kitchen
  to complete my duties, Juniana came in the kitchen, put on my leash and commanded
  me to follow her on my fours. We went to the sitting room. All her guests were
  sitting in the sofas, apparently waiting for us. Juniana went to sit at her
  place, still holding my leash. She commanded me to sit at her feet. I was happy
  she demanded me to sit, because I had spent so much time on my knees that I
  could not endure more.  
- Well, Juniana said, I think we are at the end of this weekend. What do
  you think about it?  
- Juniana, it was wonderful, Sandra said. We had a really wonderful weekend.
  I think all of us will remember that for the rest of our life.  
Other girls nodded to approve and made same kind of comment.  
- That is our lifestyle, what you saw today is something that we live everyday.  
I was listening to them. When Juniana told that, I wondered why she was lying.
  We had played some similar games together, never more than some hours. Of course,
  it was my best fantasy, but I cannot play that all the time. I have other things
  to do.  
Juniana went on:  
- As I told you when we prepared this weekend, our life is completely secret.
  You swore an oath that you would never tell anybody about this weekend and
  our lifestyle. We want to continue to play together, so I insist on you to
  never spread this weekend out.  
- We will never talk, said Aysha. We are too happy to participate.  
Other girls made the same promise.  
- I could never imagine it was possible, someone else added. For me, since
  I have experienced that, I will be always happy to do it again.  
- If we all agree, we will then go on, Juniana concluded. I will call you
  for the next activities. I have to prepare this slave for his new life. As
  you could see, he is well inclined to be a slave, but it needs a lot of preparation
  and training. I will need your help because it is better to train a slave when
  we are more. Now, I will send the slave with each of you to pack your things.
  After, it will be time to say good bye.  
Juniana lashed my back with the leash.  
-Get up, slave. Go with Tina.  
She gave the leash to her friend and I could follow her on my feet. I was
  just conducted by a leash. I was happy the weekend was almost over. I wanted
  to seriously discuss with my wife. This weekend was too much. I cannot accept
  to be so much humiliated in front of five foreigners. I had never been humiliated
  and been so much embarrassed in front of women like I had been this weekend.
  Tina took me to her bed room.  
- Come on, slave, and prepare my suitcase.  
I found the suitcase in the wardrobe and went first to the bathroom. I took
  her numerous lotions, soaps, creams like all women always have and packed them
  nicely. Then, I took the clothes in the wardrobe. There were a lot of sexy
  clothes, and the black leather outfit. I packed everything. I always enjoyed
  leather on a woman. When I touched the leather outfit, I remembered Saturday
  night and got directly aroused. Tina saw my hard penis.  
- Again, slave. What are you doing?  
She called Juniana.  
All the girls arrived quickly in the bedroom.  
- Look at this slave, he is touching my panties and he is hard. I could just
  stop him before he masturbates on my clothes.  
Juniana took the leash and pulled me down. She took her crop in the other
  hand and punished me. She lashed my buttocks again.  
- You want to disgrace me until the end, don't you? You will pay that.  
- Please Mistress, I did not want to do anything wrong.  
- Don't lie to me again, slave. Say sorry to Mistress Tina.  
I was already on the ground. The only things I could see were six pairs of
  beautiful legs all around me. I looked up to see which pair of feet belonged
  to Tina and caught them. I kissed her feet and begged:  
- Please Mistress, I did not want to do anything wrong. It was not my fault.  
- Not your fault? Juniana said by beating me harder. Who's dick became hard?
  Who is masturbating on panties?  
- Please Mistress, I was not masturbating.  
- Again slave, you tell me again I am a liar. You just got a new punishment.
  You will spend the week in punishment. And you will be punished because I wanted
  to spend the week in training you. I am upset.  
Juniana was shouting at the end. As she was shouting, she was also beating
  me harder and quicker. The pain was to terrible. I tried to protect myself
  with my hands but she did not care. She had my leash firmly in her hand, I
  could not really move.  
- And you want to escape the punishment. We will start the training from
  the basis.  
-Please Mistress, I begged. I am sorry. I did not mean what I said.  
- That is too easy, slave. All of us will stay with you. We cannot trust
  you. Each time we have confidence in you and try to give you some freedom,
  you misbehave. We are deeply disappointed&hellip;  
She became quieter.  
- Now finish your work.  
Because of the pain, my penis was almost soft again. I did not know what
  to think. Sometimes I was punished because I was not hard and I was insulting
  them, but when I was hard, it was also bad.  
I nevertheless took the last clothes, folded the last clothes in the suitcase
  and closed it.  
I did not stand and went on my knees, pulled by the leash. The six girls
  were walking around me. I went to drop the suitcase at the door and we went
  back to the room. This time I had to prepare two suitcases and be careful not
  to mix the belongings of the two girls. I carried the two suitcases to the
  door and we went to the last room outside. I also had to prepare the suitcases.
  They were just looking at me. The owners of the clothes were commanding me.
  They were telling what to put into the first or the second suitcase. When I
  touched the leather clothes, I focused on something else, but it was too difficult
  and Saturday night events came back to my mind. In one second, I saw again
  the six wonderful women dressed in leather, waiting for me in the living room.
  In just less than five seconds, I was again very hard.  
- This is a little pervert, Sandra said. Look at him. He cannot control himself.  
- I wonder why he is excited. For me, If I had to be naked and treated like
  he is in front of plenty of people, I would certainly not be aroused.  
- At least if you are aroused, nobody would know.  
All the girls were laughing at the comments and at me.  
- He really enjoys being a slave.  
- Don't worry my little slave, this is the only thing we agree to do to please
  you: we will always treat you as a slave.  
I finally achieved my last task under the laughs and we went back to the
  door. All the suitcases were together.  
Juniana was still holding my leash. I was still at her feet.  
- I think it is time to separate now. I still have to deal a lot with this
  slave. I will call you on Wednesday for the next party.  
- I will be expecting that.  
That was more or less what all the girls said. Juniana kissed them good-bye.
  I had to kiss their feet and beg them to come back quickly. I also had to beg
  them again to forgive my very bad behaviour.  
The girls went out to their cars. I had to open the front gate and they left.
  Juniana came to take my leash and we went back to the living room. I thought
  she was going to stop the game. She just took leather devices to handcuff my
  wrists in my back. She also blocked my ankles. She sat in the sofa and put
  me on my knees at her feet. I wondered what was going to happen. It was supposed
  to be over. She held my leash so that my head was close to her and I could
  not move backward.  
- So, slave, how did you enjoy the weekend?  
I did not want to say something bad, so I said:  
- It was very nice.  
She slapped me.  
- So, because my friends are out, you forget to be polite? I am your Mistress,
  I expect to be named by my title.  
I was surprised but did as she wanted.  
- It was very nice, Mistress.  
- I am happy you enjoyed your weekend because it is your new life.  
- What do you mean, Mistress?  
- I mean that now we have started to live together as Mistress and slave.
  This is no longer a game or a short time relation. It is for your life.  
- For my life? But Mistress, it is not possible.  
- Of course, it is. Now you are fully under my control. You will have to
  learn what it means. When I mean under my control, I mean it. It means that
  you obey to all my instructions. You never take any initiative. You beg for
  permission for anything that you want to do. Of course, you do not have freedom
  anymore.  
- Mistress, we cannot live like this.  
- We have started. And you love it.  
- No Mistress.  
-You love it, you cannot hide it.  
I saw that she was right. Her words were exciting me a lot without my control.
  I was so hard.  
- You see, you have to accept it.  
- Yes Mistress.  
- So, tell me you want to be my slave.  
This conversation was like in a dream. In my most secret dreams, I had always
  fantasised on been fully surrendered by a woman. At the same time, I knew that
  it was just a game so I could say everything I wanted. Therefore, I told her.  
- Yes, Mistress, I want to be your slave forever.  
- You make the right choice, slave. You will be under control all the time.
  To show your slavery and your respect to me, you will always be naked. I can
  authorise you to wear some clothes I will choose for you if you have to go
  out this property. Else, whoever is in the house, you will be naked. You will
  never hide your body; you will never put your hands on your penis. You must
  always be fully exposed. Do you understand?  
- Yes Mistress.  
- Repeat what I said.  
- You said that I have to be always naked and fully exposed whoever is in
  the house. I can only wear clothes if eventually I go out of the property.  
- Do you understand what you say, slave?  
- Yes Mistress.  
- I will consider as a big offence if I see you clothed in the house.  
- Yes Mistress.  
- Your full nakedness will show your slavery. You will learn to be natural.
  It is normal for a slave to be naked all the time, so you won't feel embarrassed
  to be naked in front of me or any other woman who comes to this house. Do you
  understand?  
- Yes Mistress.  
- You will stop all your relationships. I will tell you tomorrow all the
  consequences of that. You life starts fresh. All what you did before that you
  became my slave, will have to be destroyed. You will stop your relations with
  your so-called friends. You will only see people I authorise you to see. And
  you will see with time that the only people you will meet are black women who
  know you are a slave.  
- Yes Mistress.  
- This includes the people you know in the country but also the people you
  know in Europe and from the Internet. Tomorrow, we will erase all your pages
  on the Net, all your e-mail addresses and your entire contact list.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I did not really care to agree because my computer was fully protected. It
  is not possible to use my computer against my will, unless you are a very good
  specialist with appropriated tools.  
- You will obey my instructions all the time. You will no longer go to work.  
I wanted to say something but she slapped me.  
- Don't cut me. Never talk if you are not asked to.  
- Yes Mistress.  
- You don't need to go to work. There is enough money. You will transfer
  all your money on my account and I will take care of you. For the company,
  I will tell you later what is going to happen.  
- I will take care of all your needs. You will never have to worry about
  something. I will protect you like a small baby boy. In counterparty, I will
  demand a strict obedience for the rest of your life.  
- You will be always under control. You will never have privacy. Even if
  you have to go to the WC, the door will be open and you will be watched.  
- It is now forbidden to speak another language than English. All your books
  in French will be destroyed. You will be authorised to write e-mails from time
  to time to your family, but it will be controlled. Someone will read your mails
  and translate them for you. If I authorise you to answer, someone will check
  and translate into English for me. Your parents are the only persons you will
  be authorised to communicate with. I have taken your cell phone yesterday.
  You won't have it. The subscription has been cancelled. The house phone and
  the Internet lines have now access codes. You will not be able to use any device
  to communicate. Even if there was no code, you will never be kept without strict
  surveillance. Nobody will be able to reach you. Nobody knows our new house,
  our better, MY new house, so nobody will ask of you. My friends and I will
  be the only persons to know you.  
- You will be at my service. I will command and you will obey. I will train
  you and shape your character to my will. It is not like before when you tell
  me what you like and you tell me what to do as a Mistress. Now, you just obey.
  You disobey, you are punished, and I will be very strict and very severe. I
  will accept your mistakes and I will punish you for them. It will be very difficult
  for you because I may want something one day and the next day, if you do it,
  I will punish you because I would have changed my mind. And you will accept
  you punishment. The punishment will be physical everyday. I will use many tools
  and devices to punish you. I will beat your body, but I will also give you
  restriction punishments. You will know later what I mean. I will be your Goddess
  and you will be fully devoted to me. You will worship me and listen to my divine
  instructions. I will be your Bible. You can make plenty of mistakes, I will
  correct you and I will punish you. But there is one thing you will never do:
  you will never deny our positions. I am the Mistress and you are the slave.
  If you behave as my equal, then it will be terrible and unforgivable. Do you
  understand?  
- Yes Mistress, but can you give me an example.  
- I can do that slave. Imagine that one day I give you instructions and you
  get up and face me, you refuse to obey me and after my commands, you don't
  apology, you try to fight me, you try to consider as my equal, you try to use
  your male strength on me; then you are fully out of the law.  
- I will never do that, Mistress.  
- I am not sure, slave. I know you very well. I know you will and if it happens,
  you will regret it. Now I have all the power. Whatever happens here, nobody
  will care. You will stop to be officially here. Everybody will forget you.
  In less than one year, nobody will remember you or your name. You will have
  to forget your name, it will never be pronounced anymore. You will be called "slave" or
  any other name I can choose for you. You will call me Mistress. You will call
  all black women inside the house "Mistress". If we are outside, you will call
  them "Madam", whoever they are, wherever you are. You will never talk to a
  man or to a white woman. If we are out, I will teach you how to behave, but
  you will never be authorised to speak to someone else. Do you understand?  
- Yes Mistress.  
- You will loose your aggressiveness. You just have to obey instructions.
  We will have long training sessions this week. During some months, I won't
  allow you to leave the house. I have first to train you very well. I must be
  sure that I can take you out and trust you. You have to see that things have
  changed and that it will never come back to what it was before.  
She pulled my leash. My face was now touching her breast. She caressed my
  hair.  
- I will make you very happy, slave. You will have a wonderful life. I will
  be the happiest woman in the world. I will take care of you and we will live
  in a perfect harmony.  
- Yes Mistress.  
- I know that some of the parts will be difficult for you, but I don't care.
  I will train you with my whip and you will forget everything that was spoiling
  your life before.  
She released my head. I wanted to say at my place, I was feeling so well
  there. I was back at my previous position.  
- Turn!  
I turned on my self and presented my back to my Mistress.  
- Give me your hands!  
I placed my forehead on the ground in order to put my hands at the level
  of her knees. She took my left hand and removed my golden wedding ring.  
- You won't need this anymore, slave. I will give you later other marks that
  show you are my property. But a wedding ring is definitively not appropriate
  for it shows the association of two equal persons. But don't worry; the relationship
  I will give you will be much stronger than any marriage in this world. You
  will be a male in a world of women. You will be always safe and peaceful. You
  won't have to care of whatever happens outside your new world. I will do it.  
I wondered why she wanted to have other women involved. If she wanted to
  be a Mistress, I thought it was an exclusive relationship. Why did she want
  to include other women?  
- Now, turn back and face me. I directly obeyed her.  
- I know what you wonder. You will be exclusively mine and I will never share
  you with anybody. You are my property. But it is MY fantasy to show I have
  a slave, and it is also my fantasy to dominate you with other women. I know
  that if we are just you and me, it will be too easy for you because we have
  been very close to each other. But if they are other women involved in your
  slavery, you will feel more dominated. If you try to revolt, I can call people
  to help me to stop you.  
I was feeling very strange. I was very excited with her speech. It was like
  she was realising my secret dreams, but they were exciting dreams because they
  were just fantasies. I could never imagine me in the real situation of my dreams.
  However I was and I fell so happy. My heart was beating like after a long run,
  my stomach was blocked, I was shivering all my body. I knew that it was the
  most exciting moment of my life however a part of my brain was recalling me
  that it could not be realistic. I knew that I had just to cum right now and
  I would think differently. I was looking at her beautiful face. She was always
  nicely made up and dressed sexy. I never saw her without a full care of herself.
  As a whole, it would be nice to have a life like this. On the other hand, I
  also enjoyed other parts of my life, business, friends, books, sport, all what
  can make a life interesting when you are successful.  
- Do you have something to say, slave?  
- Yes Mistress. How can you control my life and protect me from problems?
  I know more than you.  
- I know you are highly educated, that you have master's degrees and even
  more, but do you think it is useful for a slave? For me, you could just be
  an illiterate. You don't need to be able to read to serve me, you don't need
  to know history to worship me, you don't need mathematics to kiss my feet,
  you don't need geography because I will always hold your leash. It would have
  been better if in place of going to school, you would have learnt how to manicure
  me or fix my hair. You still don't understand, you think you are better than
  me in your male world. But you just entered a new world: mine. My world is
  dominated by females. You will just obey the rules of my world and forget the
  ones you had in your previous world.  
- Yes Mistress.  
She stood up in front of me. She pulled my leash and I had to follow her
  on my knees. As my hands and my ankles were attached, I could go very slowly.
  She did not go too fast to the kitchen. She took some bowl in the fridge and
  gave me some soup and bread. I had to eat on the ground at her feet. I could
  only use my mouth. I was very angry. She slapped my back with the leash.  
- Don't eat like pork, slave.  
- I slowed down and tried to be as clean as possible. When I finished the
  food, she gave me another bowl with water. I was scared she would give me again
  a too large quantity of water, but when I finished the recipient, she just
  took me in the direction of the bedroom. Just before the room, there was a
  W.C. We stopped there. I saw that the door had been removed.  
- Do you need to go?  
- No Mistress.  
- I want you to pee.  
She removed the chains between my ankles.  
- Stand!  
I did, in front of the toilet.  
I was still very hard. She took my dick in her hand.  
- I want it soft, slave. I want you to piss.  
- Yes Mistress, but it is not possible, I am hard.  
She lashed my buttocks with violence.  
- Don't tell me stupid things, slave. I want you to control yourself. Now,
  it is time to be soft.  
She took her crop and she slapped my buttocks more and more till the pain
  became unbearable. At this time, I became soft. I was feeling anger in me.
  But she did not care. She could get a very good use on me now, and she was
  controlling be very well. My hands were locked in my back and she was pulling
  the leash in my back. I could not move, only if I was kneeling down, what I
  had to do. She sat on my back. I could not move on the sides because the place
  was too narrow. She gripped my body with her legs. I was her prisoner.  
- Throw this anger away, slave. You have to obey me all the time. I hate
  this kind of behaviour. Stop right now.  
As I was angry because of my present helpless condition, it was difficult
  to throw this anger away.  
- This is an example of what I said just five minutes ago: you are outlaw.
  You show me you anger, you don't submit to me. I will have to punish you terribly
  for that.  
She waited some minutes and I tried to cool down.  
- Now, you are going to be a good boy, and you are going to obey me.  
She slowly stood up and released me.  
- Stand!  
I obeyed her. I was in front of the toilet. She took my penis in her hand
  and directed it to the water.  
- Now, I give you ten seconds to start pissing.  
- Yes Mistress.  
I was again submitted to her. I deeply regretted my anger. I did not like
  to displease my wife. I promised myself to always do what she wanted. I could
  not understand why I was sometimes angry, because I deepest wish was to always
  satisfy and please her.  
It was the first time I had to piss this way. It was difficult and very embarrassing.
  I forced myself and finally could piss. She played with my penis as she was
  the owner. At the end, she agitated it and dried it with some toilet paper.
  Afterwards, she took me back by the leash to the bedroom.  
She ordered me to lie down on the bed. She removed my handcuffs but she directly
  stretched my arms to tie my wrists with leather rings and chains attached to
  the top corners of the king size bed. After, she proceeded to the same action
  with my ankles. I could no longer move.  
- During some months, you will have to be always tied. I don't think I can
  trust you all the time. I hope that one day you will fully surrender to me
  so that I can give you some freedom from time to time. But now we are far from
  there.  
She took a mask and blindfolded me.  
- I don't want you to see me fully naked. You cannot see a woman naked anymore.  
She left me. I was just helpless in the bed, not able to move. If I just
  wanted to pull on my chains, the chains were entering my flesh, so I decided
  to be very quiet.  
She came back. She lied down on the bed close to me. I could not see what
  she wanted to do. She tenderly kissed my cheek, slowly going down to my lips.
  She kissed me. I opened my lips but she slapped them and I closed. She continued
  to kiss me slowly all around my lips. I was so excited but I could not move.
  She suddenly introduced her tongue into my mouth and kissed me wildly. She
  did it a so long time that I became almost breathless. She stopped. During
  a short time, I did not feel anything, I did not hear anything. Then, I fell
  something very sweet on my face. She was caressing my face with her breast.
  That's was so great! I wanted to use my tongue on her nipple when it was passing
  on my month but once again, she slapped me.  
- Don't move, slave. You are my sex toy for my pleasure, not for yours.  
After at least ten minutes, I was about to explode. My cock was raised and
  so hard. I was thinking the blood pressure in it was so high that it could
  explode, unless I cum before.  
But it could certainly not happen. I fell she took my dick in her hand. She
  just examined it, caressed it slowly to add to my excitement, then she put
  on a leather cock ring at the base.  
- As I told you, slave, you are here for my pleasure. You won't cum during
  one month. In less than one week, you will start begging me to let you cum,
  and of course, I will refuse. You will do all what I want and if you are a
  good slave during one month, then I will probably authorise you to cum.  
I was feeling prickling all over my penis. She was just slightly touching
  it with her fingertip.  
- Please, Mistress, I said, it is unbearable. Let me cum.  
- It is only the first day, slave. You have to endure this punishment for
  29 other days.  
She left my penis and she came to sit on my face. I was feeling her sweet
  thighs on my ears and my cheeks. I also smelt her pussy approaching my mouth.
  She waited to increase my excitement and finally pressed her already wet pussy
  on my mouth.  
- Lick it good, slave, don't dare stop!  
I put my tongue as far as possible inside and played with my teeth on her
  clitoris. I enjoyed her pussy so much. I could lick her during hours, when
  I had my head between her tights and my mouth in her pussy, time was countless.  
She was just enjoying my service, and as usual, she was grabbing my hair
  and pulling it.  
Usually, when I was giving her oral sex, she was lying on the bed and I could
  at least rub my penis on the bed. This time, I had nothing to rub it. It was
  just raised in the air and it was terrible to endure this excitement. I though
  that I could not endure more, but she took a feather and she tickled my hard
  dick and my balls with it. As I was so nicely gagged, I could even not beg
  to stop. I focused on my oral service and she finally came strongly. I fell
  her whole body stretch and shake. She lied on my body to recover, then she
  got up. Nothing happened during a time, then I fell again the feather on my
  still very hard dick. She did it a long time to torment me. It was too much.
  I just wanted to explode. It was like my whole body was just a dick with high
  pressure everywhere. Then, she jumped on me and like an Amazon, she directed
  my penis slowly inside her pussy?  
Oh my God, it was so nice! It was as if I was delivered.  
Since I had met her, we had not spent one day without having made love at
  least once. She was so gorgeous, so sexy that I just wanted her and her only
  body for the rest of my life. I was addicted to this woman. I was trying to
  raise my bottom to better encounter her but she slapped me again.  
- Don't move, slave! Let me use you and don't do anything you are no asked
  to do.  
Her order was strict although I could hear some excitement in it. I stopped
  moving and she just slowly moved on me. She did not increase the speed, she
  just moved as slowly as she could, taking it from the top to the root. I na&iuml;ve
  though I was delivered. I was not! It was even worse than before. I had never
  fell so despaired to cum as I was now.  
- Please Mistress, let me cum. I can no longer bear it.  
- Shut up, slave. You have to endure it. And you will endure that every day
  during thirty days, so don't beg me anymore or I had some days.  
- Please Mistress.  
- So, you really think that thirty days are not enough? You have to endure
  everything for my pleasure, slave.  
She did not stop to move slowly on me while she was talking. She even bended
  to touch my chest with her nipples. Then she kissed my lips tenderly and whispered
  in my right ear:  
- You have won an extended period of no-cum. I give you five days more. If
  you beg me again for the same reason, I add another five days&hellip;  
I did not say anything because I knew she meant it. I tried to endure it
  but pain is more endurable than this sex torture.  
She kissed me again and moved faster and faster. I was about to cum, but
  the cock ring hindered my release.  
Once again, she took her pleasure and just after, she left me.  
That was too much. I could not cum and I could not touch myself. She just
  left me like this.  
She came back five minutes later and she removed the ring. She kissed me
  and said:  
- Good night, slave.  
How did she want me to have a good night after what she had done to me? I
  did not say anything. I was afraid she could punish me again, or worse, she
  could extend the period of sex pleasure deprivation. I wondered how it would
  be possible. I had my first sex experience when I was thirteen. Since then,
  almost every day in my life, I had had sex or I had masturbated. I though that
  the longest period was three days without sex. How did she want me to live
  thirty-five days without ejaculation? I knew she would authorise me to cum
  before that.  
I remembered again the whole weekend. To my astonishment, I realised that
  I had enjoyed it. I was happy about my weekend. It was so delightful to be
  the slave of this woman. She was so wonderful.  
I tried to think of something else. I was just thinking about my weekend
  and my condition, and it was increasing my arousal. I tried to think to something
  else. I could not move and at this time, I would have given everything to free
  only one hand and masturbate. I was sure that I would not need more than thirty
  seconds.  
This night, it took me a very long time to sleep. Each time I was about to
  sleep, a part of the weekend was coming to my souvenir and I was hard again.
  Moreover, as usual, Juniana was sleeping in my arms. She had her head in my
  armpit, her arm on my balls and one leg on mine.  
At the time I was finally falling asleep, I fell her hand on my penis. She
  raised it quickly and put on the cock ring. She did not say one word. She jumped
  on me and raped me quickly, then she moved back to her previous position.  



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alpha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





