BDSM Library - The Slaver




The Slaver
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the first Chapter of my first released erotica. The novel follows the slaver Dorian Knight, and his training of his slaves. Story Codes subject to expand as story continues.Red Lionheart  
The Slaver  
***  
The 35 by 30 foot lab was bathed in fluorescent
  white light. The 10 overhead ceiling lights made it so bright that one found
  themselves needing dark shades simply to see the room clearly without squinting
  (and possibly suffering eye damage). A dull buzzing sound caused by a combination
  of the overhead lights and surrounding equipments dominated the room, almost
  to the point that the doctors inside had to yell to make themselves heard.
  The walls and high vaulted ceiling were a dove white, and the floor a tile
  bright gray. The smell of new and/or frequently replaced materials enshrouded
  the room. It was exactly as the head doctor had asked it be when he'd taken
  Dorian Knight's job offer to work for him, and he wouldn't have it any other
  way.  
The patient today was of course unaware of all
  of these things. Encased in a see through, 3 foot wide (in diameter) test tube
  that went from floor to ceiling, the completely nude Caucasian girl was unconscious,
  and completely unaware of her predicament. If she had been awake, she would
  likely have been screaming for help.  
IV's were hooked up to her arms and an oxygen mask
  covered her nose and mouth; her body was slumped seemingly lifelessly against
  the cold casing of the tube. It was about to get colder.  
The 4 doctors and scientist (all clad in white
  lab coats) standing around the tube all knew what needed to be done, but a
  procedure like this was always high risk. They were going to be injecting a
  large amount of an experimental drug they had developed named Orisen into the
  girls blood stream. The drug acted like a cancer, fighting past immune systems
  and taking a permanent residence inside the host body. This drug however, was
  not lethal, or even harmful to the body, at least not in the sense that cancer,
  or even the common cold was.  
Once inside the host, the drug genetically altered
  the host chemical and genetic makeup in several ways: The most permanent and
  immediate ones being that it increased the sexual libido of the individual
  to an almost maddening level. The host would constantly be in a state of arousal
  so great that sex took on a level of importance as great, and in many cases
  greater than that of food, water, and sleep. There was no cure for the drugs
  affects, although at Mr. Knight's request, a pill had been created by the scientist
  and staff that could act as a 24 hour suppressant once taken. This had been
  invented largely in part to keep the host from going mad, and as such was used
  sparingly.  
The procedure was not difficult, but very dangerous.
  The tube she was in would be incased in water just above freezing, and the
  girl would then have the drug injected into her through the IV's she was hooked
  up to. The doctors and scientist weren't sure why, but apparently putting the
  body in a state of shock had dramatically increased the success rate of the
  procedure. In all, it should take no longer than 5 minutes if done correctly,
  and then the girl would be taken out, warmed up and allowed to recover, provided
  she lived.  
"Sir, are you ready to begin?" asked a 5'7, middle
  aged female Caucasian brunette with pale blue eyes.  
"Yes, fill it up." said the doctor; a tall man
  (European) in his seventies with a receding hairline and brown eyes.  
The woman nodded in acknowledgement and pressed
  a button on a panel near the tube, and an influx of water flooded the tube.
  The girls' body began to shake, although she remained unconscious. 2 minutes
  later, when it was almost filled to the brim the doctor motion to another of
  the doctors; a French South African in his early 40's-to begin the injection
  of the drug. With the flick of a switch, the IV's begin to pump a dark red
  fluid into the girls' blood stream.  
The last doctor in the room; a 20 something Australian
  with green eyes and thick, horn rimmed glasses that was huddled over an assortment
  of computer equipment-made the announcement that the girls vitals were holding
  up, but to get it done soon.  
All four of the medical practitioners looked on
  anxiously until finally after what seemed like an eternity (but closer to 7
  minutes) the flow of fluid stopped coming into the IV, and they knew the injection
  was complete.  
The 20 something doctor again announced that the
  vitals were okay and that she should make it and the head doctor told his brunette
  colleague to drain the tube. He then made an announcement on one of the intercoms
  to send in a recovery staff. Wiping his brow and turning to face his colleagues,
  the older man smiled.  
"So everyone, what do you say we do lunch?"  
Everyone couldn't have agreed more.  
***  
34 year old Dorian Knight was a slaver. He wasn't
  one in the traditional sense of the word either. He caught and enslaved women
  and trained them as sex slaves for a living, and then sold them to those that
  could afford his steep prices throughout the world.  
He molded them physically and mentally into whatever
  his clients required, and then sold them for exceptionally high prices. On
  the private island which he owned and at present resided, he had a laboratory
  where modifications were made to the enslaved women, a medical ward for recovery,
  the training grounds themselves and an entire building dedicated to holding
  them and maintaining their upkeep (although the conditions were by no means
  pleasant). There was also his mansion, and the smaller homes and complexes
  where his security staff, doctors, scientist and other trusted staff stayed.  
All were paid handsomely for their silence, and
  all knew better than to squeal on their employer. Dorian Knight was a very
  powerful man, and they all knew it.  
In addition to selling slaves, he also kept some
  for himself. A few weeks prior he had visited Miami Florida, and it was there
  that he had seen who he would make his newest toy at a fair, 25 year old Mia
  Andrews. She was pretty, smart, sexy and most importantly, didn't have anyone
  who would miss her for a few days. She lived alone, and her parents were from
  another state.  
Dorian
        Knight   
Dorian had his men follow Mia to her small, lower
  middle income apartment. They'd apprehended her in the dead of knight, and
  before she knew it she'd been handcuffed, gagged and shipped halfway across
  the planet and out of the country to a small private island several hundred
  miles away Belize, and even further from any place else.  
They'd kept her in a constant state of semi consciousness
  (and most of the time completely out of it) while test had been run, family
  history checked, and every detail of her life uncovered, revealed and documented
  for Dorian.  
Test revealed that she was still a virgin-something
  that nearly floored Dorian (he hadn't deflowered a woman in a few years short
  of a decade) and he'd made the decision to have her injected with Orisen as
  the single modification he decided to have done to her.  
Now, 3 weeks later everything was done. Mia Andrews
  no longer existed. No one would ever find her, and she was his. She would make
  the 5 th  slave that he decided to keep, and he'd
  already made space for her in the main house.  
He'd spoken with her only briefly, but had gathered
  that she was not the type of woman likely to relinquish her body to him willingly.
  He occasionally raped women, but rarely. Although he was in the business of
  sex slavery, (the very essence of which evolved around non consensual sex)
  he was good looking and decidedly wealthy after 12 years in the business, and
  he didn't need to force women to have sex with him. He had black hair styled
  in a crew cut, piercing brown eyes, and chiseled features. He stood just less
  than 6 foot and weighed 175 pounds. No, Dorian didn't need to rape. The rape
  training, and other forced sex that commenced on the island was generally carried
  out by the rest of the staff.  
All of his personal slaves, as well as his other
  partners; were either willfully sleeping with him, or had sex with him under
  the inducement of Orisen (after the drug took full affect in ones body they
  were the personification of a slut). Rather or not that counted as rape or
  not Dorian wasn't sure, and didn't really care. He didn't have any moral qualms
  with rape; he just didn't ordinarily need to do it to get what he wanted.  
As it stood, the drug would not take full affect
  for at least a week or so, and Dorian didn't want to fuck her quite yet anyway.
  She would be disoriented, tired and otherwise not in the state of mind he wanted
  her to be in when he deflowered her. He wanted Mia to be well aware of her
  surroundings, and the reality of her situation. Eventually, he wanted her to
  understand that she was a slave, and to embrace that reality. That however,
  was a long ways off. As it stood, her body would need to recover from the lack
  of movement over the last 3 weeks and the shock it had just experienced from
  the procedure.  
Coming out of his reverie, Dorian realized that
  he had at last reached the recovery ward of the island. Walking in like he
  owned the place, (which he did) Dorian went to room 82, a small room with 2
  hospital beds, pale blue walls, a white ceiling and a gray and blue tiled floor.
  Mia shared a room with another recovering patient; a petite woman in her late
  20's whose breast had been enlarged to a 38DD at a client's request.  
She was chained to the bed to prevent escape, and
  seemed to have at present run out of fight, as she laid in a deep meditative
  sleep. Dorian walked past her and at last saw Mia Andrews, the 25 year old
  former secretary at a women's clothing store. She had apparently finally woken
  up, and when she saw Dorian a look of recognition came over her.  
Mia Andrews stood 5'7 and 110 to 115 pounds. She
  had brown hair that went past her shoulders and soft, dark brown eyes. Dorian
  remembered that when she was actually smiling it was truly a thing of beauty,
  but the look on her face at present was one of incredulity, although she was
  still quite a site to behold. She wore a sleeveless, long white T-shirt (and
  nothing else) that came midway down her thigh. If she could have seen the back
  of the shirt, she would have known that it said "property of Dorian Knight",
  but at present she couldn't. She had a lean, but curvy body from what Dorian
  recalled (although he couldn't see it at present), and flawless skin.  
  Mia
        Andrews   
She was unquestionably scared, but that was okay
  for now; the girl clung to the bed sheets as if they were all that separated
  her from death.  
It crossed Dorian's mind that in less than one
  week modesty would be the furthest thing from her mind. Very rapidly, her very
  genetic makeup was changing; something that she would soon realize.  
Dorian took a seat on the bed next to Mia, who
  continued to look at him with a look of wide eyed bewilderment.  
"Do you know why you're here?" Dorian asked.  
Mia shook her head. "How long have I been out?" Mia
  asked.  
"3 weeks." Dorian said evenly.  
The look on Mia's face was clearly one of shock,
  as however long she may have deduced she had been unconscious, it was not that
  long.  
"Welcome back to the land of the living." Dorian
  said after several moments of silence.  
"W-what happened?" Mia asked, and then; wait, can
  I have something else to put on first. I need to let people know where I am."  
Dorian smiled, not unkindly, although he was enjoying
  this moment.  
"You won't need anything else to put on. In fact,
  you won't even need that shirt soon enough." Dorian resituated himself on the
  bed so that he was facing Mia more.  
"Mia, you've been kidnapped by me. Well, I wasn't
  the one who personally did it, but it is by my order that it was done. We met
  a few weeks at a fair in Miami, and it was then that I decided to have you
  kidnapped. You see, I'm a sex slaver and I decided that I was going to add
  you to my personal litter of sex kittens. I had you kidnapped from your apartment
  in the dead of night 22 days ago, and you've been in an induced comatose state
  since then. Very soon, you are going to notice some changes to your body that
  will make you a better servant to me sexually. Do you understand so far?"  
Dorian was prepared for what happened next. Mia
  screamed in rage and attacked him. However, even if she had not been in a physically
  weakened state, her punches would have done little to harm him. Dorian held
  her arms by the wrist, restraining her for several minutes until she had exhausted
  herself.  
"I'll kill you!" Mia declared.  
"I doubt it." Dorian retorted.  
"I'll never&hellip;you can't&hellip;" Mia said
  hoarsely, her voice raw from screaming.  
"You will, but it will be because you ask for it." Dorian
  said.  
Mia looked at Dorian like he had clearly lost his
  mind.  
Dorian continued: "I'll make you a deal. I won't
  touch you unless you ask to be fucked, on the condition that you don't masturbate.
  You'll only wear what I tell you however, and you'll still be expected to oversee
  the domestic chores of the house as well as the other girls."  
"You mean your whores." Mia spat.  
"So then you acknowledge that you consensually
  sleeping with me would make you a whore then, right?" Dorian asked.  
"I'll never, you'll have to&hellip;"  
"I assure you I won't." Dorian said. And then: "Anyway,
  they'll pump you with enough drugs over the next 2 or 3 days to get you back
  into shape in no time, so you'll be up and at it soon enough. In the mean time,
  I suggest you get used to the idea that your old life is gone. You'll never
  see anyone from your previous life again, and you're no longer even in the
  United States. The security on this island is tighter than you could comprehend,
  and everyone here knows what this island is, what it's about and what you are.
  They will not help you. If you ever leave this island, I assure you that I
  won't be taking you any place where you could potentially get away. In about
  a week, you'll see why you're my slave both mentally and physically. Until
  then&hellip;"  
Dorian got up from the bed, leaving a slightly
  confused and very upset Mia to sulk.  
***  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Red Lionheart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





