BDSM Library - Christine's Price to be Paid




Christine's Price to be Paid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Christine learns that secrets have a price at the hands of her female teacher and male principal. She submits to private use and humiliation as opped to public and learns some valuable lessons along the way.Thank you for accessing this story. The content within is my work. You may
  keep a copy for private use, however any other use must receive express permission
  from me. The events that follow include things that are at best unethical and
  at worst illegal, well, face it&hellip;both. Please don't take this story as
  anything other than entertainment. Keep this activity on paper only. Enjoy.
  Let me know what you think.  
Christine's Price to be Paid  
By  
Silence  
 Christine was taking her time packing her bag after cheerleader practice.
  She was in a singularly foul mood on a day that should have been one to savor
  for years to come. It was the first day of practice and that meant both that
  it was a relatively light day, and that the captain of the squad had been elected.
  As her luck would have it, she had become that captain, a fitting way for her
  to enter her fourth year of cheering. Seventeen, blonde hair and blue eyes,
  Christine maintained her athletic form year round in order to perform the difficult
  gymnastic moves that cheering demanded. Fit, ambitious and at the head of the
  squad she felt happiness.  
However, she knew that the day would be brought
  low soon enough. Her cheerleading coach was also her history teacher, a usually
  reserved and private woman the students knew as Ms. Whelan. Christine had taken
  the first test in American History earlier that day and knew that she had done
  very poorly. Ms. Whelan's teaching style was somber and monotone and her lectures
  did not lend themselves to memory. When Ms. Whelan had asked her to meet her
  in the administrator's office after she showered and changed, Christine knew
  she was going to face the consequences of that test.  
After long minutes she stood, wearing the pleated
  skirt and white top she had come to school in, her practice clothes well packed
  away in her bag. She hefted the bag and made the long walk down the corridor
  from the gym to the group of offices at the front of the school that housed
  all the people involved in administrative duties. The secretary behind her
  large oaken desk rivaled the massive expanse of wood both for being the largest
  thing in the room and the most unyielding. Nobody much liked Mrs. Rath and
  it was thought that the phonetic pronunciation of her name was quite appropriate
  for the way the heavyset woman treated all who came before her.  
"What are you still doing here?" Thick and wrinkled
  eyelids closed over her dim eyes, opening with a slow contempt for what she
  saw as a stupid, perky young teenager who was present in her domain long past
  her welcome.  
"I&hellip; Ms. Whelan wanted me to come and talk
  to her and Mr. Starkov when practice was over." Christine had stammered at
  first, but managed to complete the sentence with a degree of confidence. All
  it would be was just a little lecture, right?  
"I see&hellip; " The old woman allowed the words
  to slowly crawl from her as if they were a judgment all their own. "Go right
  on in. Mr. Starkov told me he was expecting you."  
Christine wordlessly walked past the desk and knocked
  on the door to Mr. Starkov's office before entering. She closed the door behind
  her, the silent hinges and quiet click of the door shutting behind her did
  nothing to cover the pounding sound of her racing heart, though nobody else
  could hear it. She set her bag next to the door and stepped into the room where
  Mr. Starkov sat behind his desk, a brutish black metal construction that was
  rumored to have been his during he very first teaching job and he had taken
  the cheap thing with him to all his future jobs for "luck". The plush chair
  he sat in was more fitting his status in the school with its high back and
  exceedingly comfortable lumbar support. He was a broad man, angular in feature
  and build as his heritage dictated. Born in America of Russian parents he was
  fluent in both languages, but spoke English with a graceful and educated cadence
  without a trace of an accent.  
"Welcome Christine. Ms. Whelan and I were just
  talking about you. Congratulations on your achievement today. Ms. Whelan tells
  me that the other girls are ecstatic to have you as their new captain. It is
  a position full of responsibility, as I am sure you well know. Please, sit
  down&hellip;" He indicated an empty chair opposite the desk.  
Next to it sat another, occupied by Ms. Whelan
  who watched Christine with half-lidded eyes and intertwined fingers. Her own
  dark hair was down from the normal bun she wore during class and the slightly
  more relaxed ponytail she sported during cheer practice. She had a curious
  smile on her face, but said nothing as Christine sat and turned her attention
  back toward Mr. Starkov.  
"Christine, Ms. Whelan has brought to my attention
  the test that you took today. She knew that you were in the running for the
  cheer captain and she graded your test immediately in order to ensure that
  you would meet certain academic requirements. Alas, you failed the test and
  with the other problems that you have had in Ms. Whelan's class, that brings
  your grade all the way down to a D and I am afraid that that leaves us in a
  curious situation. While you are doing an average job or better in your other
  classes, a D is below the standards we want for any of the athletes in our
  school, including any cheerleaders and especially the captain of the squad."  
Christine looked down at her lap and with one hand
  smoothed a wrinkle from her skirt while she thought about what he had said
  and what she should say in return. If she were dropped from the lead of the
  squad it would be disgraceful. Worse, she might be removed from cheerleading
  all together and that was a thought that shocked her. It would be humiliating
  and would ruin what status she maintained among the various social cliques
  that were important to many a teenager.  
Mr. Starkov and Ms. Whelan exchanged a look while
  Christine was otherwise distracted in the thoughts of her impending loss of
  status. The sly smile on Ms. Whelan's face grew and Mr. Starkov decided to
  provide Christine with what in her eyes would be a path of escape. In reality
  it would be a comfortable noose wrapped about her neck and slowly tightened
  until it would consume her with hardly a notice.  
"Christine, we have talked about this at length.
  Ms. Whelan and I believe that you are going to be good for the cheer squad.
  You have been a diligent cheerleader for years and I would like to see you
  continue in that tradition. However, these grades cannot be completely overlooked.
  It is possible though that certain test results could be&hellip; delayed until
  after the season is over. It is possible even that certain grades could be
  improved over time given certain circumstances. You could avoid being removed
  from the squad and with enough hard work you could even look forward to access
  to scholarships from a wide choice of schools after you graduate here."  
Christine looked up at the hope he was dangling
  before her. It was bait, fresh, alive and waiting for her to snatch it up.
  She did not see the hook wrapped in the promise of salvation and like many
  creatures that had something wonderful dangled before them, she lunged for
  it with little thought.  
"What would I have to do? I can't leave the squad
  now, not right after they've elected me to lead them." She got a confirming
  nod from the still silent Ms. Whelan and that made her feel better about exploring
  an option that a little voice in her mind called unorthodox at the least.  
"Well, Christine, if we were to allow these grades
  to become official then you would face humiliation by your peers and your social
  status would be shattered. I have worked in schools long enough that I don't
  want to see that happen to you if it can be avoided. However, a fit punishment
  must be found in order for Ms. Whelan and I do keep things secret until such
  a time as you are no longer in danger of suffering because of them. After long
  deliberation Ms. Whelan has suggested that you should still face the humiliation
  that would have been brought about by your actions. However, you should face
  that humiliation in a safe and secret environment. Therefore, Ms. Whelan and
  I will take it upon ourselves to guide you through a number of experiences
  over the course of the season. These experiences will take place each and every
  day after school and after practice has concluded. You will come here to my
  office and you will do everything you are told. Otherwise, it may be required
  of us to present your grades to the rest of the academic population." He concluded
  his statement by leaning forward on his desk and planting her elbows there,
  his face closed to interpretation of his thoughts.  
Christine's mind raced as she felt the very first
  tug of the hook on her cheek. She knew there was danger before her and she
  knew that she did not adequately recognize that danger. Her mind both tried
  to reason with her and to deceive her with that logic. She was going to be
  ruined in public, or as had been offered to her she could face that ruination
  in private where it would not destroy her. She nodded slowly and the hook pierced
  the skin of her cheek, soon enough it would be impossible to escape.  
Mr. Starkov's eyes brightened at the nod and he
  allowed the first smile of the evening to cross his face. "Wonderful. It grows
  late and I believe we all have much to do before tomorrow. Before you go though,
  I will offer you a taste of what you will face throughout the many coming weeks.
  Stand up, reach under your skirt and remove your panties."  
The order was given in an even voice, as if he
  was ordering a salad and wanted a particular dressing. The words shook Christine
  and made Ms. Whelan shift in her chair, wanting to be positioned to take particular
  delight in the girl's reaction. Christine noticed the both of them watching
  her and her mouth opened as if to speak while a blush flooded her cheeks. She
  could not force herself to stand nor speak as her teacher and principal watched
  her.  
"Christine&hellip;" It was the soft voice of Ms.
  Whelan loaded with a sweetness that had never been present in her lectures
  or coaching sessions. It made her seem younger, friendlier and more trustworthy
  to the girl who was two-thirds her age. "Christine, you must listen to what
  Mr. Starkov tells you to do. I know you don't want to do it. You will feel
  exposed and humiliated and embarrassed, but isn't it better to feel that way
  here in front of us than to feel that way tomorrow in front of a thousand students
  when you are stripped of your rank and status?"  
The honey dripped from her voice the whole time
  and it made the bait before Christine sweeter and made the hook easier to swallow
  despite the tugging pain that was blatantly the cost now. She clenched her
  eyes shut and lowered her head as she stood. The skirt she wore was not dangerously
  short, but she felt naked already before them. She lifted the edges of her
  skirt and reached under, trying to preserve her modesty as her finger sought
  and hooked the waistband of her cotton panties. She began to pull them down
  and made sure the shirt fell to again cover her as she did so, not offering
  much of a peek to either Ms. Whelan or Mr. Starkov. She had to bend to remove
  the white panties with their powder blue flower print from around her ankles
  and she knew by the creaking of Ms. Whelan's chair that she leaned back to
  peek at the soft flesh of her thighs that the skirt exposed. She sat again,
  the panties clutched in her hands.  
"Give them to me." Mr. Starkov made no attempt
  to rise from his chair and only extended a hand, forcing Christine to stand
  again and reach forward to hand him her innocent looking underwear. He took
  them and stretched them between his fingers, allowing them to dangle in between
  his hands as if being worn by an invisible woman. "Christine, these are unacceptable
  from now on. You will be allowed only to wear skirts to school and under them
  you must wear thong-cut panties. Ms. Whelan and I will be checking. Now, go
  on home and be sure to tell your parents that you will be late from now on
  because of your new position."  
Christine reached out for her panties, but Mr.
  Starkov folded them up and put them in his desk drawer with a raised eyebrow,
  waiting for her to obey. She blushed as she got the message and turned, picking
  up her bag at the door.  
"I'll see you tomorrow, Mr. Starkov."  
Tuesday morning was bright and sunny. Birds sang
  outside of Christine's window as she dressed for school. Fashion dictated that
  she not wear the same skirt as the day before, but she was reluctant to wear
  the only other one she owned. She had many a nice dress to wear, but school
  was not a place to wear her Sunday best. The other skirt was bright red and
  had been purchased in order to wear to a club. It was tight and short and would
  hug her thighs and rear, but she settled upon wearing it. She also studied
  carefully her choice of underwear. She had very few thongs and if Mr. Starkov
  held to his word then she would have to buy more before the week was out. Today
  she would have to wear a red thong that was more mesh and lace than actual
  material. She dressed sullenly, wondering why the birds were so happy. She
  looked at herself in the mirror, red shirt and white top with red shoes and
  white socks to match. She sighed softly and left her room.  
The day passed slowly and yet far too quickly as
  far as she was concerned. She had made an effort to act normally, but she could
  feel her slightly quicker heartbeat and the shallow pace of her breathing all
  day long. She could not stop thinking about Mr. Starkov and, to her surprise,
  Ms. Whelan. By the end of the day she was so nervous that she asked Ms. Whelan
  if she could be excused from practice. She got a raised eyebrow and a small
  smile for her question and was told to go to Mr. Starkov's office right away.  
Christine had hoped to be spared the ordeal of
  the office visit, but faced her fate while Ms. Whelan turned back to the locker
  room full of girls changing for cheerleader practice. Christine found herself
  clutching her books to her chest as she walked in a daze down the hall, into
  the administration wing and past Mrs. Rath as the secretary told her to go
  on into Mr. Starkov's office.  
When she entered, Mr. Starkov sat behind his desk
  wearing a white shirt and blue tie. His suit jacket was across the back of
  his chair and he was working on a paper that he wrote on for a moment more
  before placing it into a folder and sliding it to the side of the desk. He
  looked up at her and made a show of checking both his watch and the wall clock
  before he spoke to her.  
"You are early Christine. Ms. Whelan called and
  told me that you were on your way. Are you so eager to begin?" He raised an
  eyebrow, half expecting the girl before him to run, much to her regret as he
  well knew. However, she did not and she actually nodded.  
"Yes&hellip; sir. I couldn't concentrate all day.
  I found myself thinking, and now I'm too nervous to go cheer or anything." Christine
  heard herself admit that to Mr. Starkov and her stomach tightened itself down
  into a little ball of energy. She was watching him, much as he watched her
  with both surprise and curiosity.  
"Well, you have picked a poor time to want to be
  early. I have a lot of work to do and was depending on the time you would be
  at practice to do it. I think that you will have to sit in the corner until
  I am quite done. It is unfortunate that Ms. Whelan has so much to do this evening
  or I could depend on her to punish you. As it is, she will not be joining us
  tonight."  
Mr. Starkov stood and put his suit jacket on, making
  him appear all the larger to Christine. She could only guess that he was more
  than six feet tall and easily twice her weight. He moved with fluidity and
  grace that surprised her as he stepped around the desk and pulled one of the
  chairs to the far corner of his office. He turned to her and looked her over
  for a moment before crossing to his filing cabinet and unlocking a drawer.  
"Remove your skirt, your shirt and shoes. Sit in
  the chair." He ordered her over his shoulder as he rummaged in the drawer.  
Christine heard what he said and shuddered. She
  had thought she might have to give her panties up, but had not thought about
  the rest of her clothing.  
"Mr. Starkov, I'm not wearing a bra today." She
  blushed and looked at him as he paused in his work for a moment, apparently
  in thought.  
"Christine, it is not my problem or concern what
  you are wearing as long as you are without your shoes, skirt and shirt and
  in that chair by the time I turn around. You know what will happen if you are
  not."  
She did indeed know, or so she thought. She hurried
  then to obey and in moments was wearing only her panties and white socks. She
  looked at the door and saw no lock on it as she sat, praying silently that
  nobody would enter. She crossed her arms across her modest breasts and waited
  only a second before Mr. Starkov turned to face her.  
"Very good Christine. Now, since you have interrupted
  me, I must make sure you will not distract me while I work." His hands were
  full, but of what she did not know as he walked past her and stood behind the
  chair. "Place your hands behind the chair Christine, do it now."  
She heard the commanding tone in his voice and
  she obeyed, albeit slowly. Her hands lingered on her breasts, covering them
  for what good it would do for the moment before she reached around the broad
  back of the chair and held her hands there. She gasped as she felt cold steel
  quickly circle her wrists and she tried to pull away but found her hands attached
  to one another.  
"What are you..!?" her question was quickly stopped
  as Mr. Starkov pressed a red rubber ball to her lips and worked it between
  her teeth before she could close them. Black leather straps quickly pulled
  the ball tight to her mouth and buckled behind her head, leaving her unable
  to make a coherent or loud noise.  
"Christine, you must not be able to distract me
  and this is necessary. You have agreed to your punishment, and your eagerness
  to get here has only made things worse for you. From now on, you will attend
  practice and act perfectly normally. No one must be able to suspect that anything
  unusual is happening." As he spoke he knelt behind the chair and roped the
  handcuffs to the legs of the chair, holding her hands far back behind the chair.
  He circled before her and bound her ankles together with many twists of rope
  and these he bound to the chair as well so as to hold her in place. He stood
  and looked down at her, resisting the urge to caress one of her small breasts.  
"Now, you need only wait an hour or so before your
  punishment begins." He turned and returned to his desk, not sparing her another
  look as he bent to his papers, ignoring her muffled pleas as she struggled
  in the corner against steel and rope.  
Her struggles were equally valiant and futile.
  Eventually she yielded to futility and sat still, adjusting herself as much
  as she could to relieve small aches and pains from her immobility. The hour
  passed slowly as she could do little but watch the clock and Mr. Starkov.  
At long last he finished and came to stand before
  her, arms crossed and frowning. His suit jacket lay again on his chair and
  he tilted his head as he unbuttoned his sleeves and rolled them up to expose
  thick forearms.  
"Christine, I was going to be more lenient on you
  today than this. However, you have evidenced an inability to follow simple
  instructions. Perhaps this explains your poor grades, perhaps not. In any case
  you have accelerated our plans for you. I am certain that Ms. Whelan will punish
  you herself tomorrow because you caused her to miss your little initiation."  
Mr. Starkov returned to the filing cabinet and
  when he returned it was with a short whip made up of a dozen thick strips of
  leather. "You were early and because of that you will get one lash for each
  minute that you were." He followed through on what he promised, sparing her
  his full strength since this was her first time. The blows fell upon her, scattered
  upon her stomach, shoulders and breasts. She writhed and whimpered and complained
  through the gag, but she had been an hour early and sixty lashes created a
  red web work of small welts across her body.  
Mr. Starkov knew the marks would fade even before
  she went to bed tonight, but he appreciated them all the same. Christine did
  not. She continued to shift and writhe in the chair as the stings of the blows
  slowly subsided. She sat there, whimpering and struggling anew as Mr. Starkov
  allowed her to calm herself. Eventually he knelt and untied her legs, his face
  near enough to her hips that he could smell her excitement. He had been right
  after all, this one would last a long time. He continued to release her but
  left the ball gag in place.  
"Stand up and get dressed. Leave the gag on the
  table next to the door when you leave. Tomorrow, wear no panties at all. Ms.
  Whelan is looking forward to your visit." With that Mr. Starkov sat again at
  his desk and began to work.  
Christine did exactly as she was bidden, dressing
  and gathering her things before walking to the door and reaching up to remove
  the gag. She set it on the table and left without a word, her knees weak, heart
  racing and panties wet.  
Wednesday Christine awoke early and set about getting
  dressed for school with an unusual determination. She had been forced to shop
  the night before and had purchased a skirt with this day in mind. It was more
  conservative than she usually wore, falling past her knees and would help her
  feel more comfortable as she dressed herself, leaving her panties in the drawer.  
Again the day passed slowly, but she made a show
  of being happy and perky and normal. Even at cheerleader practice she was more
  energetic, aware that Ms. Whelan watched her every move carefully. She was
  not about to offer additional reasons for an afternoon punishment. Already
  she was excited, watching Ms. Whelan watch her as she pranced about and stretched
  in her shorts and sports bra.  
At last practice ended and the girls broke up,
  heading off to shower and change. Ms. Whelan called Christine aside and spoke
  to her as the other girls disappeared into the school.  
"Christine, Mr. Starkov told me what happened yesterday.
  I missed your first real punishment and I'm rather upset about that. You'll
  have to make it up to me. Go shower with the other girls, but don't dress yet.
  Meet me in my office wearing only a towel after all the other girls have gone."  
"Yes Ms. Whelan."  
"Christine, you may call me Miss or Mistress from
  now on when we are alone. Anything else, and you'll be breaking a rule. Understand,
  pet?"  
"Yes&hellip;Miss." Christine blushed and turned
  away to go shower with the other girls. She was thankful that the welts had
  faded so quickly as she undressed and showered, for the first time paying attention
  to the other girls. She knew now why Ms. Whelan spent so much time watching
  them shower and she started to form an idea about what would soon be in store
  for her.  
Christine was able to linger long enough in the
  showers for all the other girls to leave before her. She dried herself and
  then wrapped her body in the towel before knocking on Ms. Whelan's office door
  in the locker room. She got no answer and after an additional knock she entered
  of her own volition. Inside sat Ms. Whelan, not at her desk but at the locker
  room styled bench that sat before it. She was still dressed in her own workout
  clothing, despite the cool air of the air-conditioned room. Christine could
  feel her nipples hardening because of the cool air, despite the towel covering
  her.  
"Christine, Mr. Starkov has asked me to make sure
  you more fully understand what will be happening to you. Today I'm going to
  have you for a very long time. I've already called your parents and told them
  that you will be here for a long time with some extra practice."  
Ms. Whelan stood and stretched, letting her long
  black hair spill out of the ponytail she wore. Arranged on her desk were a
  number of items, all of them for use on the poor high school senior that stood
  before her. She lifted the same ball gag that Christine had worn the day before
  and tossed it to the girl.  
"Put this on, drop your towel and lie on the bench
  on your back."  
Ms. Whelan's orders were more direct and snapped
  then Mr. Starkov's had been. Christine felt herself excited by the direct and
  demanding nature of the order. She caught the gag and looked at her teacher/coach/mistress
  for a long moment before opening her mouth and inserting the ball. The leather
  straps she reached up to pull around her head and fasten under her hair. The
  towel fell away as she did so and the cold air assaulted her as the leather
  bit into her cheeks with the tightness of the gag.  
Effectively muffled and nude she stepped toward
  the bench and lay back on it, the worn wood smooth on her rear and back. She
  was forced to part her legs to either side of the bench and she allowed herself
  a whimper as she saw Ms. Whelan take a look between her legs at her neatly
  trimmed sex. She closed her eyes and settled herself onto the bench.  
Because of her closed eyes she could not see Ms.
  Whelan lift the black leather cuffs. She opened her eyes again to the feeling
  of that leather around one wrist and then the other. She did not resist even
  as small brass padlocks promised that the cuffs would not be removed anytime
  soon. She felt her arms as they were pulled above her and the clicking of chain
  explained why she could not remove her arms from their stretched position once
  they were locked to the bench above her. Ms. Whelan repeated the process with
  her ankles, cuffing them together under the bench so that she could not lift
  her legs. White nylon rope looped around each thigh and pulled her legs widely
  open with slow deliberate tugs. The same style of rope was then looped repeatedly
  around her body, holding her firmly to the bench no matter her intention to
  struggle.  
When it was all said and done, Christine could
  hardly move and felt herself to be very exposed. Her teacher's gaze caressed
  her bound body shortly before her fingers did. Unlike Mr. Starkov, Ms. Whelan
  did not resist the temptation to touch her wherever she wanted. Christine's
  soft cheeks, her breasts, legs and even the wetness of her sex were all explored.  
Ms. Whelan left the room for a brief moment and
  when she returned it was with a silver bowel she sat on the bench between Christine's
  legs. Christine could not watch all that followed, but she knew soon after
  Ms. Whelan began that she was being shaved. She wanted to wiggle and move,
  but dared not because of Ms. Whelan's confident and swift strokes with the
  razor. For the first time, Christine was truly thankful of the rope holding
  her in place. When the soft towel wiped across her pussy and both cleaned and
  dried her she could feel a fresh coolness around her sex. The air-conditioning
  in the room made her freshly shaven sex even more vulnerable.  
Her eyes watched Ms. Whelan stand and set aside
  the bowl and razor. "There, nice and clean. I just love a freshly shaved pussy,
  and soon you'll learn to love it too." Ms. Whelan knelt again at the foot of
  the bench and began to kiss her way up Christine's thighs. Eventually her lips
  met up with Christine's sex and a gentle kiss graced the excited teen. Ms.
  Whelan's pink tongue flickered out and expertly teased Christine until she
  was pulling hard at her bonds, trying to shift herself into greater contact
  with her teacher's mouth. After several minutes she was on the verge of having
  an orgasm imposed upon her and her struggled showed this. Ms. Whelan pulled
  away and stood, trailing fingers along that wet and unfulfilled sex.  
"I'm afraid, Christine, that you don't get to cum
  quite yet. You have proven that you are quite willing to be our pet, aren't
  you?"  
Christine nodded and whimpered through her gag.  
"And you'll do anything I tell you, won't you?"  
Another nod accompanied by a weak buck of her hips,
  her wet sex reaching out half an inch to be touched to no avail.  
"And you'll let me do anything I want to you, won't
  you my pet? You love being helpless and humiliated, don't you?"  
The bound girl nodded a final and enthusiastic
  time. It was true that the two previous nights she had stayed up late thinking
  only of a moment like this. She harbored no illusions that things for her would
  become much harder and more humiliating, however there was always a part of
  her that had seemed to crave that. The offer from her educators only facilitated
  her exploration of something she wanted in any case. Desired or not though,
  things were coming that would be life changing in ways she could not imagine.  
Ms. Whelan stood near the bench and undressed.
  Her body was in great shape and being over thirty had not in any way ruined
  the youthful athleticism that had marked her life. As Christine watched and
  studied she noticed that Ms. Whelan's sex was also shaved, giving her a pleasant
  view of it as her teacher towered over her.  
"Remember how I promised that you would come to
  enjoy a freshly shaven pussy too?" Ms. Whelan did not wait for an answer as
  she reached down and removed the gag from Christine's mouth. "Now, pet, your
  mouth is only to be used for one thing, and it isn't speaking. Answer me with
  a nod or shake of your head." Ms. Whelan straddled her student's face, standing
  well above her head. "Have you ever licked a pussy before?"  
Christine shook her head, but her eyes never left
  the mesmerizing sight of her teacher's sex hovering above her. She licked her
  lips, panting in excitement. She watched as Ms. Whelan crouched just a little,
  slowly bringing those shaven lips down and eventually into contact with her
  mouth. Christine was surprised at first at the taste of the wetness that she
  noticed upon the first kiss she applied. She almost wanted to recoil, the mere
  thought of what she was doing making her nearly panic. She felt so dirty and
  used, her teacher grasping the hair of her head and slowly rubbing her pussy
  along her mouth.  
The bound girl found herself helpless to resist
  and she allowed her tongue to slip from her mouth and part the wet lips her
  instructor offered her. With forceful direction from Ms. Whelan she was doing
  an expert beginner's job of getting her teacher off. She was rewarded quickly
  enough with the feeling of Ms. Whelan clutching her face close and experiencing
  a loud orgasm. Christine was left wet, both between her legs and on her face.
  She desired what her teacher had just felt and would sell herself to feel it.  
For her part, Ms. Whelan knew this of Christine
  and knelt down to tease the poor girl's sex. "Christine, you want to cum badly,
  don't you?" Ms. Whelan smiled as the girl nodded and refrained from speaking. "I'm
  afraid that I'll have to hurt you a little to allow you that privilege. Is
  that alright with you pet, or should I leave you here while I go clean up?
  You may speak."  
Christine whimpered loudly as Ms. Whelan's skilled
  fingers teased and aroused her. She knew that if she agreed that Ms. Whelan
  would make her suffer dearly before allowing her an orgasm, but it would be
  worse to be left alone and bound, unable to cum at all. "Please&hellip;Mistress&hellip; Hurt
  me all you want, please just let me cum."  
Ms. Whelan smiled and decided to grant the girl's
  request, but not in quite the way she might expect. She would not hurt her
  first because then she would have the orgasm to look forward to. Instead, Ms.
  Whelan decided to allow the girl her pleasure now and pay the price later.
  As Christine would soon find out, everything had a price.  
The fingers between her legs continued to play
  with her wet sex. Christine was pulling at her wrist cuffs, eager for the pleasure
  that she felt building within her. When she at last came it was mind blowing
  and the energy it consumed left her surprised and a little dazed. Every muscle
  in her body strained and pulled and after long moments of enjoying her pleasure
  Christine relaxed, eyes closed and head rolled to the side.  
Ms. Whelan only allowed her student enough time
  to rest as it took for her to gather up the items she would use for her punishment.
  Christine's first indication that her punishment was to begin was when Ms.
  Whelan's fingers began to toy with her nipples. Christine watched, enjoying
  the feeling of those fingers toying with her. Her hard nipples begged for attention
  and with little warning they got what they desired, after a fashion. Small
  clamps tipped with black rubber suddenly pinched those sensitive nubs of flesh,
  left and right. Christine's eyes opened wide, but before she could protest
  those clamps tightened down and she cried out. She began to feel the pulse
  of her racing heart through her nipples and she whimpered loudly.  
Ms. Whelan sat back and enjoyed watching the teenager
  writhe on the bench in an effort to soothe the discomfort she felt. She stood
  and again placed herself between Christine's legs, holding a final clamp. Christine
  had little opportunity to notice before Ms. Whelan's fingers parted her lower
  lips and allowed that wicked clamp to affix to the young woman's clit. This
  time, Ms. Whelan was rewarded with a scream. While Christine wiggled and whimpered
  that ball gag was placed again into the girl's mouth to quiet any future complaint.  
"I'll be back in twenty minutes pet. Then you can
  stretch and dress for home. Mr. Starkov is eager to hear how your lesson went.
  You be sure to remember everything and tell him tomorrow." With that Ms. Whelan
  left the room and let Christine think about what she had done.  
Thursday afternoon found Christine sore and tired
  and above all, excited. After practice she went quickly to Mr. Starkov's office
  and found a scene that was familiar to her. Mr. Starkov and Ms. Whelan waited
  for her as they had on Monday. Christine sat in the empty chair and looked
  at the two of them with demure eyes. She said nothing and folded her hands
  in her lap and waited to be addressed.  
"Christine, Ms. Whelan has already told me what
  happened yesterday afternoon. How are you feeling today?"  
"I'm alright, sir. I'm a little sore, but I've
  never done anything like that before." Christine spoke softly, not meeting
  their eyes as she answered.  
"And did you enjoy what happened? You have been
  surprisingly compliant and this has pleased both Ms. Whelan and myself." Mr.
  Starkov's eyes looked directly at Christine with a single blink as the only
  movement.  
"Yes, sir. I have never done anything like this
  before, but I did enjoy it. At first I was worried and scared, but I think
  I really enjoy it."  
"That is good, Christine. We have a lot more planned
  for you. Stand up. Undress. It is time to continue."  
Christine's Price to be Paid  
Part 2  
By Silence  
 The initial afternoons had stretched into days, and days into weeks. Christine
  knew the torment of her teacher and principal every evening and endured more
  than she thought possible at the beginning. The weather was colder now and
  the instructions to wear skirts and at times no panties meant she felt the
  chill of winter even more deeply. She was growing more and more accustomed
  to the punishments that Ms. Whelan and Mr. Starkov imposed upon her. She was
  enjoying the pain she received from them both in measured doses. She also learned
  to enjoy the pleasures that Ms. Whelan shared with her and found herself longing
  for a time when Mr. Starkov would make use of her in the same way. He always
  resisted and used her as a whipping toy or decoration with little in the way
  of sexuality.  
 The coming winter break promised a break in routine for Christine as well.
  She was not looking forward to the two-week break in school for a number of
  reasons. She would miss her friends to be sure. She admitted to herself that
  she would miss the rules, the orders and even the humiliation and use at the
  hands of her mentors. She dreaded the family trip that would take her to see
  family that she had long since learned to resent and avoid.  
It frustrated her until the final day of school before break. The snow fell
  heavily outside and she shivered, but not from the cold. She sat again in Mr.
  Starkov's office with him and Ms. Whelan in attendance. The reason she shivered
  was because of the proposal that Mr. Starkov had laid out before her. She thought
  long and hard about it until Mr. Starkov's voice interrupted her thoughts.  
"Christine, I need an answer. As we have explained, your parents have already
  been informed and would be most disappointed if you turned down an opportunity
  like this."  
Christine looked up and blinked once. As she understood it her parents had
  been told that Christine and some other girls had been chosen to attend an
  advanced cheerleading camp that would end with auditions for scholarships to
  some big name colleges. In truth the proposal that had been placed before her
  was to stay at Mr. Starkov's home over the winter break and be of service full-time.
  She knew that small details would be worked out and the cover that they had
  provided would be fool-proof. She also knew that she felt ready for the next
  step in things and would gladly go along with it despite her nervousness. She
  nodded.  
"Wonderful. Ms. Whelan will be joining us in a day or two, but tonight you
  will accompany me. Gather your things."  
He stood without another word, but with a smile shared with Ms. Whelan as
  Christine gathered her purse and backpack. When Christine was ready Mr. Starkov
  led the way from the office and out to his car, leaving Ms. Whelan behind to
  finish additional arrangements. He walked swiftly through the cold and snowy
  afternoon with Christine in his wake. His car was a deep blue luxury car. Powerful
  and broad it was a car that matched its owner for a commanding aura. Imported
  at great cost directly from its European manufacturer Mr. Starkov loved being
  behind the wheel and in control. He opened the door for Christine first and
  allowed her to seat herself on the cold leather seats before he entered the
  other side and started the engine.  
In moments they were moving with the car's heater and heated seats warming
  them both. Christine said nothing and sat in quiet thought as they left the
  school and headed south, away from the center of town. Soon enough trees eclipsed
  the view of houses along the road and then trees were the only things nearby.
  Mr. Starkov lived far south and as a result enjoyed a certain level of privacy.  
The drive that the car eventually turned onto was paved and already cleared
  of snow. Over half a mile of twisting road led to a large house set behind
  a barrier of hills that hid it from view of the road. It was a shame that the
  large house could not be seen for it had been sculpted by fine architects and
  build solidly to withstand the sometimes violent weather of the Midwest. With
  the touch of a button the car rolled into the expansive garage and joined no
  fewer than four other vehicles from nearly every nationality. Japanese speed,
  American muscle and European elegance all in one place lent an indication that
  there was far more to Mr. Starkov than he allowed to be seen.  
The next hour passed as if a dream to Christine. She was led from the car
  and into the house where lights would come alive simply when they entered a
  room. She saw tall vaulted ceilings that stretched high overhead. Artwork covered
  the walls and imported rugs accented the marble flooring. Christine was led
  to a bedroom appointed in plush furnishings and soft light. It made her feel
  warm and comfortable despite the alien nature of her visit. She turned her
  head to look at her principal but did not have a chance to speak before he
  did.  
"This will be your room for the foreseeable future. You may sleep elsewhere
  after tonight, but that will depend on your choices. You will have more and
  less freedom here, in my service, than you had at school. Here you will wear
  what I give you and nothing else. You will be free to roam the house and explore
  when you are able, but most often you will be restricted to a certain area.
  I will make these times clear to you. There will be other people here and you
  will treat them politely as they will be my guests as well. Do you understand?"  
"Yes, sir." Christine didn't know who else would be arriving at the house,
  but she was sure it would mean more excitement for her. She set her backpack
  and purse in the room on the chair near a reading desk and her bed. When she
  turned Mr. Starkov was still in the doorway looking at her.  
"You need to change. The clothes you are wearing are prohibited in this house.
  In your wardrobe you will find outfits that are more appropriate. You may wear
  anything you find in there, or nothing at all, but you cannot dress normally
  here."  
Christine nodded again and began to undress, hoping in the back of her mind
  that Mr. Starkov would stay with her. However the heavy doors that led to her
  room shut as he left her alone to pick her new clothes. She undressed before
  she explored knowing that it would be better for him to return and find her
  nude than find her still dressed and just asking for punishment. Attached to
  the spacious room was a private bathroom with brass outlining everything from
  the mirror to the bathtub itself.  
She decided to indulge in a hot shower and took her time washing and grooming
  herself. She shaved, making sure to maintain her smooth sex as Ms. Whelan had
  indicated she loved. A smile crossed her face when she stepped form the shower
  and looked at herself in the full height mirror in front of her. Her skin was
  smooth and despite her athletic lifestyle and the punishments of the last several
  weeks she was unmarked in any way. She had long, but strong legs and wide hips
  that only served to accent the smallness of her waist. She had small breasts,
  but had always been proud of the way they swelled just enough to draw attention.
  She was rather proud of herself as she wrapped her long hair in a towel and
  tied it off to soak up the excess water that her hair held.  
She went to the wardrobe and opened it, looking for her new clothes. Inside
  were some items she knew of, some she could figure out and some she did not
  recognize at all. She started to sort through things until she found things
  she wanted to wear. Everything in the wardrobe was white and seemed to be either
  leather or smooth vinyl. She also noted that nothing in the wardrobe would
  cover very much of her. Still, she dressed as swiftly as possible and went
  back to the bathroom to look at herself in the mirror. She very much liked
  what she saw and hoped that Mr. Starkov would as well.  
She had chosen her outfit with care. Long shiny stockings adorned her legs
  up to mid-thigh. They were impossibly tight, but she was still able to move
  in them enough to place high-heeled shoes on her feet that lifted her three
  inches. The heels forced her legs to flex a little in order to keep her on
  her toes and the result could be seen in her muscled legs and outthrust rear.
  A thick white belt ran around her body. Several inches wide it encased her
  in a number of straps that extended from below her breasts to her hips. Silver
  buckles held it snug to her and many small rings allowed for things to eventually
  be attached to it. Around her neck was a collar of similar design with more
  rings and tiny silver studs. She had placed leather cuffs around her ankles
  and wrists and she enjoyed the jingle of the large rings attached to them as
  she walked. She turned this way and that, admiring her appearance as a white-clad
  bondage pet.  
Over an hour later Christine was bored. She discovered that he door was locked
  and assumed that she had to stay in her room. She was excited but quickly became
  bored by herself in the room. The wardrobe called to her as she paced, inviting
  her to explore its contents more thoroughly. After long deliberation she could
  not resist it's call and started to sort through the drawers of items, picking
  out those to play with. She made her selections and went to the large bed,
  laying everything out before her.  
She began to affix the items to herself in order to test out the limits of
  her new outfit. A ball gag filled her mouth and she was pleased that it matched
  her outfit's white color. She sat herself upon the bed and with short and delicate
  chains wrapped about the bottom posts of the bed she locked her feet apart
  using steel rings from the drawer. She laid herself back on the bed and tested
  the restraint of her legs. She loved the way the wide bed forced her legs to
  be held wide apart and she refrained from testing the excitement between them
  before finishing her restraint. She blindfolded herself and with a final though
  she used spring-loaded clips to attach her wrist cuffs to her waist.  
Finished, she allowed herself to relax into the plush bed. She would be able
  to free herself, of course, but that mattered little for she was content with
  her fantasy of being helpless for now. As time stretched on she grew tired
  from the long day and eventually drifted off to sleep. It was a sleep filled
  with lovely dreams and thoughts that would remain with her long after waking.  
When Christine did at last wake it was to horrible discomfort. She had never
  worn a gag for more than half an hour and her jaw screamed to be released from
  its open position. She quickly reached for the clips holding her wrists to
  the broad belt about her waist but found that the clips were already gone.
  In their place were small locks and she cried out loudly. She hoped that whoever
  had locked her in place would hear her cry and release her. She heard footsteps,
  light and soft on the floor. She knew they were not those of Mr. Starkov and
  expected Ms. Whelan had arrived and would be responsible for her condition.  
Fingers brushed her cheek and a soft voice spoke to her.  
"Shhhh. You must not fuss too much. Master would be displeased if you injured
  yourself." The voice was familiar but not that of Ms. Whelan and Christine
  whimpered loudly as her mind raced trying to identify who was above her.  
Those fingers stroked her cheek until she was more relaxed and eventually
  reached behind her head and removed the gag. Christine worked her mouth for
  long moments as the blindfold also came away, but she was too surprised and
  sore to speak right away.  
Leaning on the bed with her black hair pulled back in a braided ponytail
  was another girl. She was Christine's age and shared with her the same smooth
  and youthful skin. Hers was darker but showed its pale color where sharp tan
  lines had been formed over her larger breasts and in a severe "V" shape that
  dipped between her legs. She had large brown eyes that Christine knew the girl
  used in combination with her voluptuous looks in order to win many a favor
  from the men around her. She wore nothing but a black collar lined with silver
  studs and matching wrist and ankle cuffs. Christine saw that her nipples had
  been pierced and tiny rings had been slipped through them. Hanging from the
  rings was a delicate chain of silver.  
Her name was Melissa and Christine knew her. She knew her because she was
  a close friend. Perhaps not best friends, but they were close. Christine opened
  her mouth to ask a question but Melissa placed a finger over her lips before
  she could and smiled.  
"Since before you and I knew each other, Christine. I'm sorry I couldn't
  tell you, but you understand how secret this kind of thing is."  
Indeed Christine did know that she never would have mentioned her arrangement
  with Mr. Starkov to her friends, but finding one of them in his service was
  shocking. If she were to believe Melissa it would mean that she had been his
  pet for at least two years and that revelation caused her mind to spin.  
"What&hellip; Why did you lock my arms like this?" Christine had to ask.
  She did not know why her friend would do this, but she didn't like feeling
  so helpless all of a sudden.  
"Oh, I am sorry about that too. I don't really have a choice though. Master
  wanted me to prepare you and I can't have you getting in the way while I do
  it." As she spoke she brought into view another long chain. This she attached
  to the headboard to prevent Christine from sitting back up. Christine did not
  take this as a good sign and indeed, it was not for her preparations were not
  something she would willingly participate in.  
Melissa pulled a small kit wrapped in white cloth from aside the bed. She
  smiled down to Christine as she unwrapped it on the bed next to her and started
  to pull out some very odd items. Many small rings, like those she wore through
  her own nipples were apparent, as were tiny bottles and needles. Christine
  struggled and tried to pull away but to no avail. Melissa began to rub a cold
  liquid over her nipples with cotton balls.  
"What are you doing?" Christine had to ask despite her knowledge of what
  was going to happen. Melissa didn't respond right away and instead continued
  to treat poor Christine's nipples. At first what Melissa put on them felt cold
  but quickly she felt a tingle and then nothing at all.  
"I'm just numbing you up a little. Don't worry too much Christine." Melissa
  seemed to be oblivious to the fact that Christine might not desire her nipples
  pierced. Then again, it might not have mattered if she had taken note. Melissa
  had her orders and would carry them out.  
Christine watched as Melissa lifted the long and exceedingly sharp needle.
  After making sure it was quite sterile Melissa went about her task with skilled
  fingers and no hesitation. It was apparent that she had done this type of thing
  before and Christine had just enough time to wonder If she had done her own
  before the first piercing.  
Despite the numbing solution Christine still cried out from what she felt.
  Certainly her anticipation of it helped her feel things more acutely. She tensed
  and lifted her head back, trying to hold still as Melissa attached her first
  ring. With no break Melissa had moved to the other nipple and within brief
  seconds she had two silver rings decorating her breasts.  
Melissa sat beside her and ran fingers through her hair as Christine lay
  there, trying to calm her and wiping away her tears. It took many long minutes
  before Christine calmed enough to actually relax into the caresses placed on
  her cheek. While Melissa was sure that Christine would continue to feel sore
  for some time and as the girl's eyes closed she left her to rest peacefully
  until Master would require them both.  
Christine's Price to be Paid 
By 
Silence 
Part 3 
Thank you for accessing this story. The content within is my work. You may
  keep a copy for private use, however any other use must receive express permission
  from me. The events that follow include things that are at best unethical and
  at worst illegal, well, face itboth. Please don't take this story as anything
  other than entertainment. Keep this activity on paper only. Enjoy. Let me know
  what you think. 
Melissa's retrospective 
Melissa allowed Christine to rest throughout the night. Seeing her friend
  like that made her remember what it had been like for her two years before.
  She was glad that Christine was at last involved in this secret part of her
  life and a weight had been lifted from her shoulders now that she no longer
  needed keep it a secret. Her thoughts drifted as she walked along the wide
  hallway to her own room. Mr. Starkov wouldn't be ready for her or Christine
  for an hour so she went about her own preparations as she waited. As she did
  her hair, make-up and other grooming her thoughts wandered to two years previous. 
(Just to be clear, here's the flashback) 
Melissa stood on the steps of her new high school and looked up at the imposing
  fa&ccedil;ade of the building. Three stories high and all red brick, it towered
  over the fourteen year old girl in the harsh November air. Her mother and father
  had divorced and that left her living with her mom in a new house and a new
  town far from the warm Florida air she was accustomed to. 
It was already mid-morning and her mom's new SUV was pulling away from the
  curb behind her, leaving her standing on the stone steps as brown leaves blew
  past her. There she was, glasses, heavy coat, hat and purse clutched in gloved
  hands. She stood, too scared to take a step toward this New England school
  and the people inside whom she feared would mock her need to dress more warmly
  than them or her southern accent or any number of other things. She blinked
  up at the massive structure and didn't move despite the cold. 
Half an hour later the front doors opened and a large man stood on the top
  steps of the school and beckoned to her. Melissa looked at the man and the
  single wiggling finger that seemed to pull her forward on an invisible string.
  She didn't want to move, but soon felt her left foot take a step, quickly followed
  by her right. She was being reeled in by an invisible steel thread and before
  she knew it she stood looking up at a powerfully built man with a piercing
  stare. 
Young lady, what are you doing standing here in the cold? Are you a student
  here? The question, though normal, carried a commanding tone that made her
  speechless tongue start to work. 
Yes, sir I'm Melissa Rayburn. My mother and I just moved here and I transferred
  here but I was a little scared to go inside. 
Well, that won't do. Come on in and I'll show you around. I'm Mr. Starkov,
  the administrator or Headmaster of the school. I can assure you that nobody
  will give you anything to be scared of as long as you are with me. 
Melissa smiled as he placed his arm across her small shoulders and led her
  inside. Deep down she knew she had nothing to fear from any of the students,
  but his presence made it more concrete. She felt safer, and that sense of security
  is what let Mr. Starkov work his magic on her. The safety and protection he
  offered proved true and she lived a pampered life at the school. 
However, her introduction to her new lifestyle made up for her security in
  public with endless servitude in private. A month after her meeting with Mr.
  Starkov she had spent every after-school session with him, catching up on things
  she may have missed. It was at one of these exclusive sessions that Mr. Starkov
  sat closer to her on the small couch in his office and suggested that she consider
  some changes. Melissa listened to the influential man who had helped her so
  much and agreed to slowly start doing more and more for him. 
Two months after their meeting, those gradual agreements had led to her being
  tied to his desk in her school uniform. She sat upright, leaning slightly back
  onto her bound wrists and arms. Her ankles had been parted lewdly and tied
  to the corners of the desk before her so that under her skirt lay her panty-less
  sex, facing his chair. She was blindfolded and gagged with soft silk scarves
  the color of an evening sky. 
Between Melissa's young thighs, Mr. Starkov worked on paperwork and administrative
  duties. He made calls, filed reports and all the other things his job required
  within inches of the fourteen year old and her shaven pussy. He had been introducing
  her to more and more bondage for weeks and had begun to order her to come to
  school without panties and without the hair she had so recently grown between
  her legs. Melissa had been obedient and hadn't complained even to the most
  bizarre requests. Mr. Starkov hadn't touched her or used her sexually and she
  had been happy to be a decoration for him after classes were over. 
It hadn't been until the summer before her fifteenth birthday that he had
  taken her on a small trip. Getting permission from her mother had been easy
  since she was too busy enjoying the company of younger men to care about her
  daughter's activities. The weekend at Mr. Starkov's house was eventful to say
  the very least. 
Melissa entered Mr. Starkov's home and followed the instructions that he had
  laid before her the day before. He stood off to the side as she removed her
  clothes and folded them, setting everything aside. She wouldn't be wearing
  anything he didn't provide for her until they left the house on Sunday. When
  she was undressed she knelt on the entrance floor, waiting for him to tell
  her what to do. Months of subtle training after school had prepared her for
  what was to come, if she knew it or not. 
Mr. Starkov opened a small drawer in cabinet near the front door and began
  to adorn his new pet. A black leather collar with studs of real silver closed
  about her neck, only to be followed by matching cuffs on her wrists and ankles. 
Author's Note: Melissa's Retrospective will continue as part of Chrstine's
  Price to be Paid. Send me ideas if you want them done faster though. Also,
  my other story, Kiera's Offer is likely dead unless I get some inspiration. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Silence


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





