BDSM Library - Fate of a Murderess




Fate of a Murderess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jennifer marries into money, but wants out of the family. She learns the hard way that you shouldn't mess with the DeMoeiras - her in-laws have a long history of dealing with errant women. They use all their ingenuity to devise new torments based on the most cruel forms of ancient punishment.Fate of a Murderess   
Part 1: A Nasty Business   
Jennifer DeMoeira was now a widow. By marriage, she had become a member of
  one of the wealthier aristocratic families. Though their title meant little
  and had never had a corresponding seat in the House of Lords, their hereditary
  land holdings and in more recent years wise investment of their finances had
  meant that in the modern age they probably had more influence than any of those
  who still sat there.  
The DeMoeiras were a close-knit extended family, and tended to marry only
  those of similar breeding to themselves. When the young Daniel DeMoeira had
  returned from university with a commoner in tow as his chosen love, it had
  caused a stir but the family lived in the modern age, and it was by doing so
  that they remained successful. Therefore, before long the union of Jennifer
  and Daniel DeMoeira was agreed and the two 22-year-old newly-weds had enjoyed
  a honeymoon of splendour the likes of which Jennifer had never imagined seeing
  for herself before then.  
That was just over three years ago, and the tragic death of Daniel had in
  fact taken place during a holiday to celebrate their anniversary. Jennifer
  and Daniel had shared a love of outdoor activities, including rock-climbing
  and were both very fit. During a climb, however, a mooring had come loose and
  Daniel subsequently slipped and fell to his death. The verdict had come back, "accidental
  death".  
The truth was, that Jennifer had had enough of being tied to the DeMoeira
  clan, whom she knew had never fully accepted her into their high society. She
  had tried to fit in at first, but eventually she just started to fall in with
  the rich "jet set" crowd, with whom the DeMoeiras would do business as the
  new world order required them to do, but whom they regarded as being somewhat
  crass and brash. Jennifer, the poor girl come good, was closer in spirit to
  the fast-living style anyway, determined to enjoy it while it lasted.  
Finally, she had decided that, since Daniel's share of the family fortune
  was quite substantial enough for her to live on it for the rest of her life
  in the manner to which she was accustomed, and given that Daniel had promised
  that he had left it all to her in his will, she should do away with him and
  depart to America where (she was sure) her accent and money would make her
  far more respected and welcome than she was in the European set.  
She was good-looking, too. Her regular exercise kept her figure trim and,
  though her breasts were not that big, they were well proportioned compared
  with the rest of her body and had plenty to get hold of. Her blonde hair she
  could style any way she wanted, for she had made a point of learning all she
  could about such things while she had access to the beauty therapists whose
  prices only such families as the DeMoeiras could afford. She had supported
  herself through university with a part-time hairdressing job, and so it might
  be said that she had a professional interest. Certainly her in-laws had commented,
  non-too-kindly, "Once a hairdresser, always a hairdresser!" She would win herself
  a man whose background was closer to her own, and embark on a brand new life,
  unimaginable when she had been just five years younger.  
Now was the big leap. Her private jet was ready for the transatlantic flight,
  all the paperwork for her transferral to US citizenship was in place, and now
  all she had to do was board the plane, and she would be free of the DeMoeiras
  forever.  
Jennifer placed all her trust in flying to the people who looked after the
  aircraft and to her pilot, but she rarely bothered them when they were doing
  their job. Thus, she never noticed that her regular pilot had been replaced
  by another. She simply settled herself in to pass the time between take-off
  and landing. As it happened, that time seemed to pass more quickly than she
  had expected, for not long after the aircraft reached cruising altitude, something
  in the cabin's air made her feel dizzy, shortly before she passed out altogether.  
* * * * *  
Jennifer awoke to find herself in darkness. She was seated naked on a leather
  chair, and restrained, she discovered from the feel of it, by broad leather
  straps. Her first instinct was a natural one.  
"Help!" She called into the featureless blackness, "Anyone? Help me!"  
The sound at least revealed that she was not in some vast chamber, but quite
  a small room. There was absolutely no source of light, and presumably the walls,
  floor and ceiling would be coloured black also, giving her eyes no chance of
  focussing on anything, and giving her no way of judging by sight where she
  was or what was around her. But the acoustics were unmistakable. The only other
  reality besides her voice and the occasional creak of the leather as she flexed
  her muscles against it, was the feel of the leather against her bare skin.
  Her feet did not touch the floor, but the leather upholstery continued down
  the back of her legs so that her heels were resting against it. Her hands were
  strapped down to the armrests so that she could not move her fingers to explore
  the shape of the rests, nor the material used to make the chair itself, beneath
  the leather. Across her forehead another band of leather made sure that she
  could not move her head forwards, backwards, left or right &ndash; nor could
  she turn her face more than a few degrees. The only things she could feel were
  leather and cold air. The only things she could hear were the leather, her
  own voice and breath, and the beat of her heart. She could feel panic coursing
  through her, and her heartbeat faster and louder all the time.  
"Please, somebody! Help me!" she tried again, but only the dry sound of the
  room around her, too small to echo as such, but returning the sound to her
  ears as soon as she had released it from her mouth.  
"Can anyone hear me?" she cried, the subtle change in her attitude revealed &ndash; no
  longer did she believe that help would come, but now she was asking of it could
  come. The panic was taking hold in her mind, as the ways in which she had prepared
  herself for years to defend herself were rendered worthless, and she was the
  captive of somebody who wanted her afraid, naked and powerless. There was no
  escape, but that did not stop the primeval fight-or-flight instinct from starting,
  adrenaline racing to her heart and urging it faster, sweat springing from her
  pores with the scent of fear in it, her body preparing to relieve itself of
  waste if need be. There was no object of her fear, only the continued silence
  of the room and the creaks as her panicking body pulled and twisted in the
  relentless bonds. Jennifer started to cry, tears flowing down her cheeks and
  dripping from her chin onto her shoulders and the tops of her breasts. Deep
  inside, she was angry and humiliated by this, for she had always seen herself
  as a strong woman, always in control of herself and her emotions. But now,
  she had no control over anything and could only wait, weeping in the lonely
  darkness of her tight cell. Her sobbing lasted for several minutes, though
  she had no knowledge of how time was passing beyond the walls that caged her.  
* * * * *  
A door opened behind her, almost silent but in the silence of the cell, Jennifer's
  ears still heard it. Footsteps of someone entering. Her struggles and her tears
  had stopped, and she felt exhausted as the adrenaline was flushed out of her
  system. Light flooded in from whatever lay beyond the door, and Jennifer saw
  that the wall in front of her was dark red, before the door closed and total
  darkness returned. She heard more footsteps as the mystery person positioned
  himself behind her (the sound of the footfalls suggested a man, not a woman
  or a child, Jennifer was sure).  
"You are hereby charged with the cold-blooded murder of Daniel DeMoeira,
  with the motive of inheriting a share of the wealth of the DeMoeira family.
  You have the right to remain silent, because there is nothing that you can
  say that we do not know about your crime, and there are no words that can induce
  mercy or a respite from your punishment." The voice that intoned these words
  was distorted using effects, but Jennifer had a feeling that she recognised
  it.  
"We will not bother with extracting a confession, because we already know
  that you did it, how, and with what motive. Your means, motive and opportunity
  are known and indisputably proven. Though the law and its oh-so-thorough investigators
  concluded that Daniel's death was an accident, we have discovered what you
  did to make it appear so, and so justice will be done without the law."  
There was a soft click.  
"Besides, you silly bitch, you wrote the whole sick plan in your diary. No
  further evidence is needed to convict!" The distortion had been turned off,
  and the owner of the voice was revealed as he insulted the hapless Jennifer.
  It was the pater familias of the DeMoeiras, Daniel's uncle James Edward DeMoeira,
  who was always called by both his Christian names, as there were other Jameses
  close in the DeMoeira family tree. The lights suddenly came on, and the dark
  red room was filled with brightness. The colour of the walls seemed to have
  been chosen to match the worn leather of the chair to which Jennifer had been
  strapped. James Edward tossed something into Jennifer's lap. It was the incriminating
  diary. For a brief moment, Jennifer was more shocked that anyone had had the
  temerity to abuse that most hallowed of documents, sacrosanct since she had
  begun writing it at the age of 13, than she was at the knowledge that she had
  been caught and would be punished by the family of her victim. For a moment,
  she was about to respond with, "How dare you read my diary?" as though she
  were still a teenager and her parents had used it as evidence of her losing
  her virginity at fifteen. Instead, she addressed her response to a more immediately
  concerning issue.  
"What are you going to do to me?"  
"Let me explain something about the DeMoeira family history. Our wealth,
  beyond what came from our hereditary status, was first based upon the slave
  trade in the 18th century and we made a great deal also from fashioning ways
  of controlling unruly slaves. Before that, there were DeMoeiras involved with
  every witchfinding enterprise in the 17th century. As slavery was abolished,
  we found that there were still areas where these specialities were valued.
  At present, the DeMoeira business family is responsible for many of the techniques
  used by totalitarian regimes on people who have been 'disappeared'. One way
  or another, for at least four centuries we have been at the heart of the torture
  and interrogation industries, and related businesses. In the last four decades,
  we have gained a reputation amongst those who know, for inventive and ingenious
  devices to punish or extract information from those whom a state considers
  beyond the pale. With the growth of so-called 'alternative lifestyles', we
  have found that toned-down versions of some of our products have a market in
  the general public as well, though generally they go to the more hardcore of
  the clubs that cater for such people.  
"Your husband was an idealistic young man, and we were never going to bring
  him in on these aspects of our business empire. He knew, of course, where the
  money originally came from for the building of the empire, but he could never
  have accepted it if he had discovered that it still formed a major part of
  our activities. Maybe that is why he found it possible, even necessary, to
  marry below himself.  
"And so we come to you. DeMoeiras have killed their spouses in the past,
  or each other, but always for matters of the heart &ndash; wounded pride, jealousy,
  that type of thing. Even when it was a blood relative killed by his or her
  partner, if we saw that a wrong had originally been done to the murderer by
  the victim, then we stood by them, and often agreed beforehand to support the
  crime. And always, the murderer wanted to remain with the family, even if they
  had killed to marry elsewhere. But you! You killed for that most petty of reasons,
  money. Profit. And you would have turned your back on us, like a traitor returning
  to her true allegiance. Daniel, perhaps, got what he deserved after all for
  marrying below himself. Be that as it may, the heads of the DeMoeira family
  and our closest allies have determined that a deed of such black hearted, treacherous
  greed cannot go unpunished.  
"We have used all the resources of our key industry to prepare for you something
  special, though if it works as we plan, it may become a new premium service
  in our portfolio."  
Jennifer felt as though liquid nitrogen had been substituted for her blood
  and her bowels had turned to slack rubber. Her bladder also seemed to be on
  the verge of giving way. A part of her wanted to believe that this was all
  some sort of elaborate prank, but her diary, open to the incriminating entry,
  lay on her lap and she was restrained in a device that must surely have been
  designed with torture in mind. The decor made perfect sense, too. It would
  hide the blood perfectly. She concentrated desperately on not soiling herself
  in front of James Edward, her fingers digging as much as possible given her
  restraints into the leather arm of the chair.  
She almost let go completely when James Edward placed his hand on her arm.
  But he was not going to torture her here, and not yet. Instead, his hands worked
  expertly to release her arm from the straps that held it in place. Even if
  Jennifer had had the awareness at that moment to struggle, the uncle whom she
  had once regarded as a friendly middle-aged man was far too strong. He twisted
  Jennifer's arm behind her back where he fastened a handcuff tightly around
  her wrist. Then he repeated the process with her other arm so that her wrists
  were linked behind her back.  
Methodically, and with little thought for Jennifer's comfort, he proceeded
  to undo all the straps, and Jennifer was sure that he had lingered around the
  straps across her waist and lap, looking maybe not at what he was doing but
  at Jennifer's naked snatch. If that was true, it did not last for long and
  soon Jennifer was freed from the chair except for her wrists fastened behind
  her. James Edward went to them and operated some form of catch, which released
  the handcuffs from the back of the chair. At the same time he made sure that
  he had a firm hold of them himself.  
"Come on, bitch, we're going to meet the Doctor," he said grimly, and taking
  a hold on Jennifer's shoulders he lifted her up and put her on her feet, "Oh,
  and by the way, if you try to run then we will have to give you a taste of
  our regular wares before we move on to your planned punishment, and that would
  not be pleasant for you. It would also delay the moment of truth, but believe
  me when I say it would not be worth it. Walk ahead of me, and follow my instructions."  
Beyond the dark-red room the corridors were a cream colour, much like most
  corridors anywhere, and could indeed have been in a hospital, or an office
  block if it wasn't for the way in which Jennifer had found herself treated
  here. Feeling cowed and beaten, and terrified, Jennifer did not have the will
  left to try to escape, but simply did as she was told.  
Their destination proved to be what was apparently a fully equipped operating
  theatre, although there were features that, in conjunction with James Edward's
  speech earlier, suggested it might have other purposes as its main intent.
  The theatre was not empty, and of the three people there Jennifer recognised
  two: Joel and Francis were close cousins (though by a different branch of the
  family tree than James Edward's) of her departed husband, and presumably members
  of the DeMoeira dynasty who were much better versed in their family's lines
  of business. The third was obviously "the Doctor", if only because of his dress.
  However, he appeared to be dressed not for operating but for research, with
  a long white coat reminiscent of scientists in the movies. Although he wore
  no facemask, he did wear a head covering that contained his hair, which would
  otherwise (it seemed) have spilled out into a great shock of black hair. He
  was slightly shorter than the DeMoeiras, but also athletically built, with
  obvious wiry strength. He was studying Jennifer with small, dark eyes set in
  a face that seemed open but at once gave away nothing about what was inside
  the man's head. It made the naked captive shiver as he looked at her. James
  Edward held Jennifer firmly by her shoulders, standing behind her and discouraging
  any rash moves.  
"So, this is the special lady whose crime I am to punish!" he remarked, and
  Jennifer caught a hint of some exotic accent in his voice.  
"It is indeed," replied James Edward, "Jennifer, meet Doctor Lucas Brava,
  a close and loyal employee of the DeMoeira family for many years, and one of
  our most effective developers and demonstrators of products. He is highly skilled
  in many medical disciplines, and having been given the specifics of our requirements
  has devised the punishments that you will undergo.  
"Now, Dr. Brava, I will leave the young woman in your capable hands. I trust
  that you have enough assistance with these two fine young men?"  
With that, the two cousins (dressed in jeans and checked shirts, almost like
  cattle handlers in the Wild West) moved to take hold of Jennifer by the upper
  arms. James Edward departed while the men began to muscle Jennifer towards
  the operating table. Jennifer finally seemed to realise her predicament, for
  whatever was going to happen to her here, it would be terrible and horrific,
  and she did not want to let it happen. It was futile, however. With her wrists
  already handcuffed, she could do little against the strength of the muscular
  men who held her.  
Unceremoniously, Jennifer found herself forced onto the table, where finally
  she might kick at her assailants &ndash; but it was no good; Francis held her
  chest down while Joel easily contained her legs in his grasp, effectively tucking
  them tightly under one arm. Swiftly, he found a leather strap attached to the
  table and Jennifer's ankles were trapped under it, and she was helpless once
  again. Now, he helped his cousin by holding down Jennifer while Francis adjusted
  his hold on her, moving behind her and now pushing down on Jennifer's shoulders.
  Joel backed away as Dr. Brava activated a control on the wall of the theatre.
  Jennifer's view was blocked by the arms of her cousin, but she could feel motors
  working beneath her in the operating table.  
Joel came forwards again, and Francis forced Jennifer into a sitting position.
  Joel took a firm hold on the woman while Francis produced a key from his pocket
  and undid the handcuffs, for what reason, Jennifer had no idea at that point.  
All became apparent when the two cousins each seized an arm and dragged them
  wide, forcing Jennifer onto her back once more. Now the motors' work was revealed,
  for Jennifer found her arms stretched along extensions on either side of the
  table. She was sure now that Joel and Francis had practised this many times
  and knew each step of the procedure through which they would put their errant
  in-law. Indeed, with practised skill they applied further leather straps, first
  around the wrists, then the lower and upper arms so that Jennifer was utterly
  secured to the smooth surface beneath her.  
This, it appeared, was not enough for the doctor's purpose, for the pair
  continued with further straps across the legs and across the waist of the victim.
  Francis, the job of immobilising Jennifer complete, was eager for some fun.
  The unmistakable bulge in his jeans needed no emphasis, but he was already
  working his belt and fly. Although her legs were fastened together, Jennifer
  knew that this only meant that it would be tighter and hurt more. She tried
  to brace herself for the imminent rape.  
"No, no, no!" insisted the doctor, "We do not take our fun until the business
  is complete! We must remain focused or the whole punishment may be compromised.
  If she should experience even the slightest physical arousal from your actions,
  it might turn pain into pleasure and then the entire effect is lost. No, now
  go and bring me my operating instruments!"  
Jennifer expected to see perhaps implements of torture, or just possibly
  genuine scalpels and the like. What she saw were a hammer and several of the
  thickest nails she could have imagined.  
"What are you going to do to me?" she wailed, pathetically, feeling ashamed
  at how she sounded but unable to find any greater strength for her voice.  
"We are going to punish you, dear," said Doctor Brava, "Many times over.
  I will not spoil the surprise if you have not already guessed the nature of
  this operation &ndash; anyway, the moment is almost upon you!" So saying, he
  took up one of the nails and a hammer.  
"Joel, gag her, then hold her head. She should watch every moment of this,
  and it would be a shame if she should accidentally harm her tongue during the
  process." The doctor approached Jennifer's right hand on its platform, while
  a ball-gag was forced between her teeth by Joel: apparently, it had been on
  a second layer of the trolley with the hammer and nails. Then, as the doctor
  had instructed, Joel placed his hands on either side of the patient's head
  and forced her to gaze at her vulnerable hand as the doctor carefully placed
  the tip of the nail into the hollow of her palm. She could see that the nail
  was at least a centimetre wide, and 15 centimetres long. Doctor Brava poised
  himself for the first blow, and Jennifer winced but did not dare to close her
  eyes, which would anger the doctor further.  
Metal struck metal, pierced flesh, wrung a scream from Jennifer's lungs,
  impotent behind Joel's gag. Jennifer did not know it, but Dr. Lucas Brava had
  planned this well. Beneath her hand was a gap in the meal of the table placed
  perfectly to take the nail. In that gap was a form of putty that would not
  seriously impede the nail's progress, but would slow it enough that there would
  be several blows needed to drive its full length through the victim's hand
  so that the head rested in her palm. The tip of the nail had already reached
  the putty, tearing muscles and twisting bone. Jennifer watched with terror
  and impotence as each subsequent strike brought further damage in her hand
  and she screamed into the gag with each one as the pain of it seemed greater
  than the one before. In all, it took seven blows of the hammer before the nail
  was completely driven home.  
"I have broken, I think, two bones in your hand with this operation," Doctor
  Brava commented to his patient, "But that is unimportant now. Slightly more
  significant is that you will also have lost any use of your middle two fingers
  as a result of the procedure. However, given your future prospects, I think
  that this will prove to be unimportant to you. And now, I shall perform the
  operation on your other hand."  
Joel twisted Jennifer's head so that she faced her left hand and the doctor
  carefully selected his nail before delicately positioning it exactly as he
  wanted over her palm. This time, the fear in Jennifer's eyes was the anticipation
  of a known horror, and in it Dr. Lucas Brava found his greatest delight. He
  paused a long moment, drinking in the terror of his 'guest', before once more
  lifting his arm high and driving the cruel spike into the defenceless tissue
  of Jennifer's trapped hand.  
Jennifer found herself beyond screaming, and just gurgled behind the gag
  as the pain multiplied again and her left hand was left with the same damage
  as her right. More securely than any straps could hold her, she was pinned
  to the specially designed table, in agony and impotence caught naked beneath
  the stares of the men who had done this to her.  
"By now, you will be thinking, 'They are crucifying me!' But it is not so,
  yet. No, this is just the preliminary stage, for the beauty of what I have
  devised is that we will be able to crucify you over and over again, and it
  will never end. Each day that your in-laws feel the lack of Daniel, they will
  be able to put you to a punishment deemed fit for murderers and robbers, in
  days long ago, and you will come close to death but be forced back to life,
  to face the same agonising near-death the next day, and the next, forever.
  This is the fate that I have devised for you!" The doctor laughed at Jennifer's
  wild, staring, uncomprehending eyes, filled with a conviction of her captors'
  insanity and the knowledge of her helplessness within it.  
Joel and Francis came down the table and began undoing the straps that held
  Jennifer's legs to the table. Each time, however, they simply looped a strap
  around her so that her legs were still securely fastened together but no longer
  held flat against the table. When her ankles were finally freed, Jennifer tried
  hard to kick her way loose, but it was hopeless. She would have tried harder,
  but found that her fighting caused her arms to pull on the nails still holding
  her hands firmly to the table and the stabs of pain quickly forced her to stop.
  It was hardly as if she could have broken free anyway while the two men were
  so unyieldingly holding her.  
Joel and Francis quickly repositioned Jennifer's feet so that her soles were
  pressed onto the table, and used their strength to hold her in that posture,
  with her knees raised into the air. Jennifer couldn't see, but a similar arrangement
  as that for the nails in her hands had been set up in the table for her feet,
  and it was to these that the men placed them. Once more, the putty would absorb
  some of the force of the hammer blows so that the effect would be prolonged.
  The fact that her legs now blocked her view at least meant that she could not
  be forced to watch the pitiless metal being driven through her feet.  
Doctor Brava was just as precise with his placing of the third nail on Jennifer's
  right foot, but this time he did not raise his hand as high with the hammer.
  Consequently, Jennifer did not see his actions as they were hidden behind her
  knees. The first she knew of the impending blow was when the nail was thrust
  into her foot.  
In shock, Jennifer jerked with the sudden pain, wrenching her hands on the
  spikes already driven home. She moaned: a long, low, drawn-out wail behind
  her gag. A low chuckle emerged from the three men.  
This was not the smooth transfixing made by the nails in her hands: the nail
  was not struck with as much force, and also the bones in the foot were proving
  less easy to prise apart. Every aspect of the process was slower and more painful
  than it had been with the hands. All the extremities are highly concentrated
  with nerve-endings, for it is with hands and feet that a person will most often
  feel their way through a situation where vision and hearing prove ineffective
  as guides. This sensitivity was now the weapon used against Jennifer.  
She showed more control with the subsequent hammer blows, and no longer caused
  herself greater pain by tugging on her hands, but she could not avoid making
  the helpless sounds of anguish that so amused the men around her. The nail
  ground against the bones in her foot, forcing them out of the way and tearing
  asunder the muscles and sinews that lay in its path. It took at least a dozen
  strikes before the doctor was satisfied with his handiwork, and repeated the
  process on Jennifer's left foot.  
Now the cousins were making lewd comments, that these were surely not the
  only pricks that would impale her, and other such comments, and they timed
  their remarks to coincide with the hammer blows so that humiliation was swiftly
  followed by suffering. This at last brought tears to Jennifer's eyes: not the
  pain of being tortured, but the suggestive and lascivious words of her in-laws,
  and the thought of things that they implied would happen to her.  
The doctor finished hammering home the last of the nails.  
"Now we come to the really clever part," he informed Jennifer, "Because when
  we remove the nails, something miraculous happens!"  
Francis revealed on a second trolley another tool, resembling a great claw
  hammerhead, but obviously only used for the claw characteristics. Jennifer
  could neither imagine what would happen now, nor what they could possibly gain
  in terms of a "special punishment" by nailing her to the operating table and
  then immediately prising her free. But that was what they appeared to be doing,
  Joel taking charge of the process.  
The claw crushed against the side of her hand, turning her little finger
  numb in the process, but the nail pulled free &ndash; or did it? Jennifer could
  see clearly a nail in Joel's hand, which he placed into a metal surgical dish
  with a clang. But she could also see and feel metal in her hand, and she was
  still pinned to the table. The same curious effect was found with her other
  hand.  
Joel used Jennifer's toes as a fulcrum for the claw in removing the nails
  in her toes, crushing them until she was sure that bones had been broken (not
  that it mattered compared to what had happened to the innards of her feet already).
  Yet, again, she could still feel the cold metal in her and she was still pinned
  to the table. What could the doctor have done? Because of his approach to the
  rest of the operation, Jennifer thought that he would have explained it at
  this point, but he simply gave further orders to the cousins, that Jennifer's
  arms should once more be strapped down.  
Once the cousins had carried out the command, he operated a control on the
  wall. It seemed to Jennifer as though the table where the nails had been driven
  in had melted. She did not have much freedom, but where she had been pinned
  securely, she now had a little bit of movement. In actual fact, a solution
  that dissolved the putty had been released from small reservoirs in the table.  
"Turn her over!" instructed the doctor, and Jennifer was unstrapped again,
  and the strong men, giving no hope of struggling, did as they were bidden.
  The doctor himself lifted Jennifer's legs (which were still bound tightly together)
  and held them straight out so that kicking was unavailable as an option. In
  no time at all, Jennifer found herself lying on her chest, arms stretched out
  and strapped as before, but her palms were now facing downwards. From somewhere,
  Joel produced a chinrest that forced Jennifer's face to point in one direction
  only, towards the wall and away from any inspection of her own condition. Behind
  her, she caught a faint roar like a gas fire coming to life, and then presumably
  at the command of another wall-mounted control, a large panel slid to one side
  in front of her to reveal a mirror.  
Jennifer first registered that a blue gas flame was emerging from the torch
  in the doctor's hand. Her bladder released its contents as a terror unlike
  anything she had ever experienced, even during her already horrific ordeal
  at the hands of her in-laws, gripped her. Seeing it happen, the cousins laughed
  out loud in utter derision. Though it did not register for some time, the urine
  did not pool upon the table, but a well-placed opening drained it away.  
The second thing that registered was that although the nails appeared still
  to be pointing upwards from Jennifer's hands, they had lost their spikes and
  seemed to be flat on the end. Compared to the rapidly approaching torch flame,
  this seemed an irrelevant detail but afterwards it was something that Jennifer
  recalled with vivid clarity.  
The third thing that registered was the act that by now, both cousins had
  huge erections barely concealed in their jeans.  
Then the flame approached Jennifer's left hand.  
"This will burn, but not directly," the doctor said, "But I must cut down
  to size, and soften, the metal so that it can be made a secure anchor on the
  back of your hand. Having it slip out would be most unfortunate, for you as
  well as us."  
He was as good as his word and expertly turned the torch onto the 12cm or
  so that still protruded. He cut very close to Jennifer's skin, but the flame
  never came close to touching her. But metal conducts heat extremely well, and
  the metal was melting as it was cut and softened. Jennifer's hand felt the
  rapidly swelling burning, and her flesh against the metal still in her hand
  was seared and burned also. The levels of pain had been taken to yet another
  level, and Jennifer could not make more sounds but was reduced to stretching
  her face around her gag in an effort to express her anguish. Her eyes were
  blinded by tears that expressed no emotion but were simply a reaction to a
  stimulus for which her body was never designed.  
Through the pain, she became aware of a change in the doctor's actions. The
  fire that still raged in her hand numbed it to anything else that happened,
  but she could still feel the impact as the doctor now used a small ball hammer
  to beat the red, soft metal into a cap that pressed firmly against the back
  of Jennifer's hand, searing the flesh beneath it and causing a new timbre in
  the wall of pain that emanated from her limb.  
"Now we must let it cool gradually: a quick cooling could be disastrous!" the
  doctor declaimed to all in the room. Jennifer did not know if this was true,
  but knew well enough that it meant that the burning would not cease in her
  hand for some time.  
The doctor moved with a flourish to Jennifer's feet, where he efficiently
  went about the same process as he had done on Jennifer's hand. Each nail emerging
  from the hollow in the middle of her foot, the flame was brought even closer
  to her skin, but the doctor was clearly an expert with all manner of tools
  and never once went wrong.  
The pain in hand and foot had by now driven Jennifer into a state akin perhaps
  to hypnosis: she was aware of her surroundings and of the pain inflicted upon
  her, but its meaning and any response to it was deadened, her mind having temporarily
  departed in order to protect itself from the storm of unprecedented and extreme
  sensation. The doctor was aware of this fact, but continued anyway until all
  four limbs had been treated the same way.  
The two cousins briefly left the room, and returned wheeling in a trolley
  on which rested a sarcophagus. There was no strength left in Jennifer, and
  her mind was still unable to deal with the suffering that she had suffered,
  so she did not resist when the doctor first blindfolded her, and then turned
  her over. Deftly, he fastened a strap around her chest, just under her bosom,
  and to it he tied her weak and pathetic wrists, positioning her in a parody
  of the ancient Egyptian mummies.  
With ease, the cousins lifted Jennifer into the coffin-like bed, whose dimensions
  had been carefully tailored to match those of its intended occupant. To the
  catatonic Jennifer, it was as if she floated through darkness into a world
  of soft cushions. The sarcophagus was there to enable her to recover for the
  next phase of her punishment; its soft lining was no sign of mercy on the part
  of the DeMoeiras, but a means to an end. The doctor looked at the naked woman
  whom he had mutilated so cunningly and produced one final instrument, a long,
  thick, shining metal dildo that he forced home into her pliant pussy.  
"That should help waken her," he suggested to the cameras recording every
  moment of the operation, and then closed the lid. He had detected just the
  slightest of movements as he had inserted the cruel shaft, and so he waved
  at the tiny transparent eyes of the sarcophagus before allowing Francis and
  Joel to push the trolley to the next stage.  
Part 2: The First Time   
Jennifer's mind struggled back from the empty valleys where it had strayed,
  trying to lose the pain inflicted from without. She could see nothing, her
  eyes covered by black cloth. She could hear nothing, sound deadened by her
  environment. There was nothing to smell or taste. She could feel only softness
  on all sides, caressing her and yet at the same time translated as sinister
  by her unconscious mind: not the primordial loving warmth of the pre-birth
  womb, but something closing in and surrounding her, holding her captive.  
Then shock, and the terrible recollection of all that had just taken place:
  for there was a hard metal object piercing her: between her legs, in her most
  intimate cavity, a harsh invader like those that still had left parts of themselves
  in her hands and feet. But not painfully driven through her flesh, but nestled
  within. Cold and uncomfortable, unwelcome and hateful, she wished it gone.  
But she could not move her arms or legs, for the softness that imprisoned
  her was unrelenting and held her immobile except for small tremors of her muscles.
  Her legs pressed together might have formed a barrier to inserting it, but
  they equally made it harder to expel now it was in her. All the same, it was
  something that she could do to change her situation, positive action, and she
  would attempt it only because it implied regaining her will.  
The muscles of Jennifer's vaginal walls would be the route to her freedom.
  Pushing, she felt proud when she discovered that she could by strength of will
  start to remove the unwelcome implement from her passage. She could feel more
  of it resting outside of her body now, and maybe she would finally push it
  all the way out, and feel it on her legs instead. Perhaps it would be just
  as uncomfortable, but it would be symbol of her willpower and determination
  to resist.  
Then the sarcophagus lid opened. Jennifer did not hear it, her ears deafened
  by the lining just as its designer intended. But she felt the fresh air on
  her body, and slightly more freedom for her limbs. She thought of kicking,
  but the action was curtailed as a hand slapped on the end of the partly extruded
  metal shaft, driving it violently back into her. Almost immediately, the shaft
  was whipped out just as quickly and taken away. Then hands lifted Jennifer
  into a sitting position.  
When the blindfold was removed, Jennifer saw that she was once again in the
  care of James Edward DeMoeira. Her wrists were still held against her chest
  and her legs, though now awarded some vertical movement, were still held rigidly
  against lateral movement by the shape of the sarcophagus. She was in some sort
  of anteroom, it seemed, and a long mirror faced Jennifer as she blinked to
  accustom her eyes to the light. It seemed to her as though she belonged in
  some sort of horror movie, rising up from the coffin like some pornographic
  bride of Dracula, the thick bands that held her arms in place hiding from her
  angle of view the vile handiwork of Doctor Brava.  
James Edward spoke: "As you are now attired, and postured, you are to walk
  to the next point in the proceedings. It is time for you to meet the rest of
  the family, and I think that they would appreciate more a dignified, even proud,
  showing from you. If you resist, I can of course utilise some of our other
  products, such as an exquisitely designed electric prod that has received rave
  reviews from professionals. But why should you want that? It only makes your
  suffering even more omnipresent. Will you act rationally, or do I have to make
  even more of a show of you?"  
"What's going to happen?" Jennifer asked meekly of James Edward.  
"Your punishment is going to be long and entertaining, but the first night,
  as it were, is going to be a special occasion and the family have gathered
  from across the globe to witness your first time. That is what is going to
  happen, and it will happen either with you entering as a star or with you entering
  as a slave. The rest of the event, of course, will have you as abject criminal
  being punished, but nothing you can do will change that  fact."  
Jennifer looked from James Edward to the mirror and back, studying his face
  and her own. So soon after the triumph, minute as it may have been, that she
  had felt in driving out the dildo from her pussy, Jennifer was confronted again
  with her helplessness in this situation. Strength of will would mean nothing
  when she was being driven by electric shocks and surrounded by DeMoeiras all
  of whom wanted to see her suffer for her crime. The thought of having to surrender
  willingly to whatever her in-laws had devised was equally hateful to her, but
  she knew that she would have to do so and the thought was bringing her close
  to tears.  
With a deep, shaking, intake of breath, she stared at her image in the mirror.  
"I'll do it," she said, "I'll make a good entrance."  
"Good girl, Jennifer." With that he bent down and used a variation on a fireman's
  lift to hoist Jennifer out of the coffin and then to stand her on the floor.
  It was the only way one man alone could possibly do it, and Jennifer realised
  that she also had to help with shifting her body weight. But it was effective
  and soon she was standing on her feet again.  
Jennifer discovered then how helpless she really was: Doctor Brava was not
  only a diabolically gifted surgeon, but also an excellent smithy, it seemed.
  His working of the metal had perhaps given Jennifer more scope than could otherwise
  have been expected, for with less skilled handling, the uneven metal might
  well have made any use of her feet impossible. Standing, it felt as though
  she was wearing shoes that had quite large, flat, round pebbles in them, positioned
  just a little forward of the highest point of the arch of her foot. Balancing
  was hard, too, because her toes would no longer respond to the instinctive
  commands sent by her brain. The flexibility of the front part of the foot is
  so much taken for granted by those who have learned to walk, using these capabilities
  to maintain their balance, that the loss of it was a serious handicap. The
  metal shafts had destroyed much of the muscle and bone that controlled the
  movements, so now the instinctive twitching only resulted in crippling sharp
  pains in the feet as further damage was inflicted on what remained of those
  muscles. She wanted to look down and see what she was doing, as she was going
  to have to learn to walk all over again, it seemed. However, James Edward used
  one hand to hold her chin up so that she had to gaze into his eyes, his other
  hand providing support in case she should totter and fall over. The brilliance
  of her tormentors was revealed again: either Jennifer would walk with pride
  and dignity, and thereby give them their delicious moments of anticipation
  of whatever torture was due next, or she would try, and fail, wobbling, stumbling
  and eventually crawling for fear of James Edward's electric prod, or she would
  simply be driven by that prod as she tried to resist and hold back. Escape
  was truly impossible: even if she would not be surrounded by her enemies, running
  was out of the question and, with her wrists tied, so was fighting. Jennifer
  darted her eyes fearfully, desperately, around the room as James Edward held
  her chin steady: she could see when her focus returned to his face, that he
  was savouring every moment of her distress.  
"Are you ready to meet your public?" he asked her, the bitter humour of his
  voice highlighting the macabre notion that Jennifer would be a "star" of the
  occasion.  
"No!" she whimpered, and now a tear trickled down her face as she realised
  that the moment had come when she must voluntarily or by coercion walk into
  further ordeal by her aggrieved and vengeful relatives.  
"But you realise that you have no say in the matter. Now you must go." James
  Edward produced from a small, hidden cupboard the prod with which he had threatened
  Jennifer. He pointed to a double door, and Jennifer responded without his speaking
  another word. She stumbled almost immediately as the broken bones in her foot
  grated agonisingly, but somehow managed to regain her balance, and looking
  at the doors she saw that there was a pressure pad that would open them automatically.
  She stepped forwards carefully, and this time kept her balance. Behind her,
  James Edward laid his weapon to one side. The doors opened.  
Outside was blazing hot sun and a sandy landscape. Jennifer saw that she
  was not, as she had originally believed, at one of the DeMoeira establishments
  in England, but in a large complex that was probably (though she couldn't swear
  to it) situated in Africa. The sun was beating down on a courtyard surrounded
  on all sides by low one or two storey buildings. Two shaded grandstands had
  been set up, and it looked as though around one hundred DeMoeiras had turned
  up, and in addition there were maybe two- or three-dozen men in various military
  uniforms. This was to be a showcase for the new techniques soon to be on sale
  to the world's worst regimes, as well as a private matter of revenge for the
  clan.  
A ramp led up from the double doors to a platform where two of the most important
  DeMoeiras were waiting for Jennifer. These were James Edward's daughter Eleanore
  and her husband (usually known among the family only by his initials P.L.),
  who was the son of one of the generals waiting to see the show (and thereby
  automatically awarded the rank of colonel). Jennifer had never before connected
  the pleasant young man (or his father) with the evil doings of the dictatorship,
  assuming that they were not directly involved in that sort of thing &ndash; otherwise
  why would Eleanore have married him? She realised now that it was precisely
  through Eleanore and P.L.'s mutual involvement with torture methods that the
  couple had met and fallen in love. As Jennifer limped her way up the ramp,
  each step reminding her of the irreparable damage done to her foot bones, James
  Edward followed closely behind to keep her from faltering or falling, and she
  fixed her eyes on the pair of lovers whose relationship had changed in an instant
  in her mind from pure and redeeming to dark and debased.  
And then she was on the platform itself, and James Edward turned her to face
  the audience before he stepped forwards to a microphone, to take on the role
  of MC.  
"Ladies and gentlemen, family members and guests," he began, "We are today
  going to witness a new variation on a very old punishment." Behind her, Jennifer
  could hear the sounds of heavy lifting as several members of a choreographed
  team were lifting something onto the stage that had been hidden from her view
  as she approached. It was still hidden now, because she dared not turn to look.  
"The old style had the weakness that it could really only be carried out
  once, at least, in its purest form. I like to think that we have retained much
  more of the spirit of the old way, while at the same time making the experience
  repeatable for the prisoner. This is the first time that this has been tested,
  but our very own Doctor Lucas Brava, whose genius you have all come to know,
  assures me that this will be a spectacular event.  
"Without further ado, I give you: Jennifer DeMoeira, n&eacute;e Derby, in
  her first of many crucifixions!"  
Eleanore and P.L. moved swiftly into action. Jennifer had just enough time
  to take sharp intake of breath before they were on her. The first thing they
  did was to unfasten Jennifer's wrists and remove the band around her chest.
  Jennifer started to struggle, but the husband and wife team were too strong
  and simply took one arm each and dragged Jennifer to the great wooden cross
  that was the thing that Jennifer had heard being moved. This cross was formed
  of two great beams of varnished oak or some such wood, each one almost as broad
  as Jennifer's hips and the vertical beam perhaps two or three times as tall
  as Jennifer. Meanwhile, James Edward was giving a running commentary.  
"Of course, we are not counting the manner of the original operation, which
  you watched on video before taking your seats here, as a true crucifixion -
  although the prisoner was spread into a cross shape and nailed down. Because
  that state only lasted a very short time, and she was never hoisted to a vertical
  position, it did not share all the characteristics of the classical crucifixion.
  That operation was merely a preparation for the many that are to follow."  
One of the helpers with the cross stepped up to the platform and was helping
  P.L. hold down Jennifer's arms along the arms of the cross. The sweet and pretty
  Eleanore (who had always struck Jennifer as perfectly matching the description
  of Snow White: hair as black as ebony, lips as red as blood and the rest of
  it) was gleefully collecting a hammer and nails (which had quite big heads,
  Jennifer noticed) from another of the assistants. Jennifer was trembling uncontrollably
  now, as fear coursed through her veins. Her best guess had been that she would
  be attached to the cross using powerful magnets to attract the metal in her
  hands and feet, but the addition of more nails had to imply a greater threat
  even than that.  
"And now we come to the clever part. The two-part nails used in the operation
  have left a perfect metal-cased hole that lets you nail the hand to a piece
  of wood as many times as you like without doing further damage &ndash; unless
  you miss the nail's head, of course!" A smattering of laughter from the crowd.
  They were enjoying the pater familias' presentation as much as the prospect
  of Jennifer's suffering. As if to emphasise the point, Eleanore chose that
  moment to bring her heavy hammer down hard onto the first nail. And she accidentally
  struck only a glancing blow before the hammer's head slid off the nail and
  onto Jennifer's fingers. Jennifer screamed. The crowd cheered and laughed cruelly.
  The hammer fell a second time, and this time the long nail went cleanly into
  the wood. Jennifer spoke quietly and desperately to Eleanore, "Please stop!
  This is inhuman!" The mesmerising stare of James Edward was not on her, and
  the immediacy of the situation had stirred her tongue. But it was too late,
  if indeed there had ever been a time since Daniel's death when she could have
  deflected the full malice of the DeMoeiras seeking revenge. Besides which,
  Eleanore was one of the few DeMoeiras who had retained her sisterly love of
  Daniel even when his ideals led him further from the fold, so of all those
  present she would have least mercy for his murderer. The hammer slipped again,
  this time deliberately.  
Then Jennifer was silent as Eleanore swiftly finished her job on the first
  hand. She opened her mouth to plead once more as Eleanore was stepping across
  to the other outstretched arm, but as she did so, Eleanore gave her a satanic
  look and brandished the hammer with the words, "Do you want a few more accidents,
  murderer?"  
James Edward had stepped aside so that the crowd could watch the work going
  on, but he had moved the microphone closer and directed it towards the kneeling
  torturers and their prone victim. Eleanore's words were picked up by the PA
  and also brought a ripple of laughter from the gathering.  
As Eleanore busied herself with hammering in the second nail, and P.L. made
  sure that Jennifer didn't pull her hand away until the nail was safely embedded
  in the wood, Jennifer herself was left with nothing to do but weep helpless,
  bitter tears at the end to which she had been brought. Sweat now coated her
  naked body and she could see that the others on the platform would need a change
  of clothes due to the heat. Nobody noticed the extra droplets that sprang from
  her eyes, but it seemed that they stung far more than the salty water already
  covering her. Apart from the silently flowing tears, and the rhythmic banging
  of the hammer on the nails, it was as if an expectant hush had fallen in the
  courtyard. When the hammering stopped, a new level would be reached.  
Finally, Eleanore stood back. The nails were in as far as they would go,
  the heads of the nails protruding slightly beyond the splayed ends of the metal
  tubes in which they rested, and held slightly above the victim's hands by those
  same spread flanges. The backs of her hands were also slightly raised by the
  flanges that had been so expertly created by the metalworking of Doctor Brava.
  Jennifer's arms were at full stretch, held inflexible by the spikes driven
  deep into the wood behind them.  
James Edward reclaimed the microphone, "Now, the senior members of our great
  dynasty have decided that there should be a ritual defilement of the felon.
  Five have been chosen to take that pleasure, who have been greatly involved
  in the work that brought her to this point. The Doctor's able assistants, Francis
  and Joel, obviously deserve a turn. The two who are on stage now have also
  done much work behind the scenes to get to this point, so they also can participate.
  Alas, my eldest son William cannot be here, as he is finishing off the sad
  tale for public consumption of Daniel and Jennifer DeMoeira, so I have selected
  at random one of the guests who are here to see our new innovations. Step forward,
  General Hervez!"  
From the beginning of the statement, Jennifer had watched James Edward, transfixed
  by horror at his statement. Only when he stopped speaking did she respond to
  the implication, and could not stop shaking her head and whispering over and
  over again, "No, no, no, please no!" Joel and Francis were approaching from
  the same double doors as Jennifer had used. P.L. was already stripping off,
  while his wife busied herself with a strap-on, and gloating over the distraught
  Jennifer with such comments as, "I'm lucky &ndash; I don't even need to get
  my kit off to screw you!"  
Within a couple of minutes, four naked men and one dildo-equipped woman surrounded
  Jennifer.  
P.L. and Joel each grabbed one of Jennifer's legs and pulled them apart as
  Francis prepared himself for the entry. He had been anticipating this moment
  since he first set eyes on Jennifer's naked body in the operating theatre,
  and had subsequently been brought to heel by the Doctor. As soon as the strong-arm
  work of lifting the cross onto the stage had been completed, he had been allowing
  his erection to build as he studied Jennifer's smooth curves. He liked them
  with bigger tits in general, but this was a special occasion. He eagerly straddled
  the defenceless woman and leaned in to the attack.  
Jennifer bit her lip to avoid making any further futile comments, but she
  was never going to keep still when the entry came. It was violent and brutish,
  while she was utterly dry, and so she screamed. And screamed again, every time
  the young man withdrew and pushed in again, battering away at her with rapid
  strokes. Fortunately for Jennifer, his lack of discipline as demonstrated in
  the operating theatre meant that he finished quickly, spurting his semen deep
  in her passageway. He and Joel swapped places, and Joel eased his cock into
  Jennifer's hole, which now was slightly more lubricated thanks to its previous
  occupant, and also the fact that she was beginning to secrete her own fluid
  in amongst. There was no arousal, however: only horror filled Jennifer's mind,
  but the human body does what it can to protect itself, and now her vagina was
  in grave danger of serious assault if it did not soothe the way a little.  
Joel decided that he wanted a kiss from his cousin-in-law, and with his shaft
  deep inside her, he lay across her and sought her lips. Jennifer tried to turn
  her head away from him, but Eleanore was there and held her tightly while Joel
  forced his tongue into her mouth. The grip that Eleanore took on Jennifer's
  hair warned her that she should kiss back or suffer that bitchy form of punishment
  as well. Jennifer felt that she had little choice, and obliged. Then Joel started
  his movements, slower than Francis to start with, drawing moans of protest
  instead of screams from his victim. But he soon accelerated his strokes, and
  Jennifer was crying out, "No, please stop!" But it only spurred him on, and
  so a second load of sperm was deposited in her.  
Joel took the place P.L., who went to stand over Jennifer's head. His wife
  meanwhile positioned herself with her strap-on dildo poised over Jennifer's
  sore and suffering pussy. P.L. put his hands around Jennifer's throat and instructed
  her, "Open wide, I'm coming in!" and simultaneous thrust his cock at Jennifer's
  mouth. Surprise more than anything caused her to comply, and with her head
  tilted back as far as it would go thanks to P.L.'s grip on her neck, he was
  able to push right into her throat where he held still for a moment while Jennifer
  gagged and struggled for breath. As he pulled out, Eleanore struck home, driving
  her demonic hard implement into the plundered dark reaches of Jennifer's pussy.  
Maybe the couple had practised this routine on hapless victims of the husband's
  ruler, for the precision with which they carried out their double-ended brutalisation
  was remarkable. As soon as Eleanore withdrew from one end, P.L. would be driving
  his cock full-tilt into Jennifer's throat. It was not slow fucking, either:
  they drove with a spiteful, frantic rhythm without ever falling out of beat
  with one another. But they stopped as if on a signal, before P.L. had ejaculated.
  The relief that Jennifer felt was short-lived, however.  
"Suck and swallow, sweetie!" crowed Eleanore as she showed to her victim
  a sharp pin and proceeded to lower it to Jennifer's clitoris. She opened wide
  once more, and as P.L. placed his cock between her lips, she did as she was
  instructed, doing her best to stimulate the beast so that she could avoid Eleanore's
  threat. It did not take long, for P.L. had been very close to orgasm when he
  brought the throatfucking to a stop. Jennifer found her mouth flooded with
  his semen and desperately she gulped it down, anxious to the last to avoid
  the vindictiveness of her late husband's cousin.  
"How did she do?" demanded Eleanore,  
"Hmm, so-so, I guess!" replied P.L., who saw that despite Jennifer's efforts
  some of his seed had leaked from her mouth onto her face.  
"Ooh, is that good enough, do you think?" asked Eleanore, going into a well-rehearsed
  routine to prolong the suspense for Jennifer.  
"I don't know, I'd best toss a coin for it. Heads is yes, tails is no &ndash; seems
  appropriate!" P.L. drew a coin from his pocket and flipped it. The answer was
  a forgone conclusion: it was a two-headed coin, but Jennifer wouldn't know
  that and the riveted gaze that she fixed upon the spinning disc confirmed that
  she was entirely focussed on its outcome. Another time, P.L. would have fixed
  it the other way, but today Jennifer was destined for a longer-lasting torment,
  and the sooner it started the longer it would be.  
"Heads it is!" he announced, "So we've decided that you get away with your
  slovenly work this time." Eleanore pulled her steel thorn away from Jennifer's
  privates and stood back. Now it was the General's turn.  
Like many who have reached the top of their military career in a regime where
  that carries more political than combat power, the General was not a fit man,
  but fancied himself as a gourmet: he ate a lot, of the very finest, while the
  average man in his country struggled to feed himself, let alone his family.
  Currently, he weighed in at around 120 kilos (about 260 pounds). A swaying
  orb of blubber, he pressed his bulk down onto Jennifer's slim and muscular
  frame as she whimpered and wriggled beneath him.  
"Aah," the General groaned softly as his penis went where the others had
  gone, "I see now what this peasant slut had that enticed young Daniel. Although
  this is not exactly the way he would have done it!" Shame flushed Jennifer's
  face: for some reason nothing else had bothered her about the event in that
  way: perhaps the torture and physical concerns had driven it from her mind,
  but only now, with some stranger making personal comments about her love-life
  with her former husband, did she feel emotional shame as opposed to physical
  humiliation.  
The General started heaving on top of Jennifer, practically rubbing her with
  his rolls of fat as he plunged his cock into her. The effect was almost like
  being caught in some great tidal swell at sea, and even the sensation of a
  threat of drowning accompanied it as the waves of fat seemed to sweep up and
  threaten to engulf her, as they crushed and forced the wind from her lungs.  
And then the General was withdrawing, having added his own contribution to
  the mingled DeMoeira semen in Jennifer's cunt.  
James Edward returned to his role as MC: "And now we will have a brief pause
  while the men who have just performed so admirably put their clothes on again,
  and so that Mrs DeMoeira n&eacute;e Derby can get her breath back: after all,
  she's going to need all she can get in just a very short while!" There was
  a short round of applause for the men, during which Eleanore returned to a
  point beside Jennifer's head. She had brought a carton of water with a tube
  running from it. The other end of the tube she placed in Jennifer's mouth.  
"Drink up! We don't want you passing out from heat exhaustion," commanded
  Eleanore. "Besides which, I think you need to swill out after my husband's
  cum flooded your airway. Again, we want you breathing as easily as possible &ndash; at
  least to start with!" Jennifer did as she was bidden, gulping down the water
  and washing it round her mouth to try to remove the taste of P.L.'s seed. Soon,
  there was none left in the carton and Eleanore went and stood at the back of
  the stage alongside the men who had finished dressing themselves by this point.  
"And now, there are two more nails required to fasten our wayward sister
  to her tree. P.L., Eleanore, Joel, if you would be so kind as to continue?" The
  three named protagonists stepped forward and went into their routine.  
This was different to the hand nails, because it seemed important to the
  DeMoeira plan that Jennifer's feet were positioned correctly. Joel was holding
  Jennifer by her armpits as P.L. took hold of her around her shins, pushing
  her legs tightly together and pulling hard against Joel's grip. Eleanore was
  once again in charge of the hammer and nails.  
Eleanore started by taking a nail and poking it through the metal tunnel
  in Jennifer's foot, making Jennifer wonder for a moment what would happen.
  Then P.L. leaned his whole weight across her legs as Eleanore gave a violent
  twist to force the nail's shaft into an almost vertical position, wrenching
  at the tortured innards of the foot in the process and wringing a piercing
  scream from Jennifer's lungs. The pain did not stop there, however. Eleanore
  had placed the tip of the nail against the wood and was using that leverage
  to bring it ever closer to vertical, straining against the natural resistance
  in the bones of the foot and the muscles running all the way up Jennifer's
  leg. It was impossible for Jennifer not to try to lift her knees at least slightly
  to take some of the strain, but of course this had been anticipated and that
  was why P.L. was positioned as he was, preventing any such easing of the stresses
  induced. Finally, Eleanore was satisfied with the angle of her nail. Therefore,
  she took her heavy hammer and started to drive it home.  
This was not like the hammering of the hand nails, where unless a blow went
  astray, the force was directed only onto the nail and then the wood. Here,
  because of the way that the nails had been put into place, the head of the
  nail rested almost directly onto the foot. Each hammer blow also forced the
  angle of the foot ever close to the horizontal, towards extension of which
  even a prima ballerina would be proud, had it been achieved naturally. BANG,
  went the hammer on the nail, and crunch went the already broken bones in Jennifer's
  foot. The impossible stretching of sinews and tendons, and the flashing pain
  of the hammer blow each time forced a scream from Jennifer's lips, and James
  Edward commented to the crowd that, "At least her lungs are in good working
  order at the moment!" Jennifer barely noticed as they chuckled.  
Finally, Eleanore stepped away for a moment and Jennifer heaved a sigh of
  relief: it was over. But she had forgotten that this was only the first foot
  to be done. Eleanore was just collecting the second nail, and the terror started
  again, no screams this time from Jennifer, just an incoherent babbling of useless
  protest, punctuated by gasps as each hammer blow struck home. Before long,
  Jennifer was nailed firmly to her cross by hands and feet, agonisingly stretched
  both vertically and laterally.  
The stage assistants that had helped to lift the cross onto the platform
  in the first place now climbed up onto the stage. Joel and Francis moved to
  help, while P.L. and Eleanore stepped down in front of the platform, ready
  to guide the others.  
The team quickly lifted Jennifer on her cross to knee height and shuffled
  her towards the front edge of the platform, until the top of the cross was
  poking over the edge, and the crossbeam was just level with it. Four of the
  lifters then took places ready at the foot of the platform, to lift the cross
  to shoulder-height between them. Gradually, the cross moved forwards again
  as all the carriers lifted, until another pair had to shift from the stage
  to the ground, until all the lifters were carrying the cross shoulder-high.
  For Jennifer, the repeated stopping and starting was signalled by steady jolts
  as she was rocked from side to side each time the cross was lifted and then
  put down again. It wrenched at her arms and shoulders, and at her hips and
  ankles. Almost paradoxically, she had a smoother ride once the men were carrying
  her out to the centre of the amphitheatre formed by the two grandstands. James
  Edward had fallen silent now, believing perhaps that the events could speak
  volumes for themselves with no need of embellishment from the loudspeakers.  
There, a hole had been prepared in the ground, and Eleanore and P.L. were
  waiting to guide the toe of the cross into it. Slowly, the men negotiated a
  180 degree turn so that Jennifer would not be placed head-first into the ground.
  Then Joel and Francis at the toe end of the cross orchestrated the measured
  tilting of the wooden construction.  
In some ways, it was a good thing that the wood was so smooth &ndash; it
  meant that Jennifer would not be getting any splinters. On the downside, it
  meant that each minute increase in angle was translated to a greater strain
  on her arms, and a greater need to lock out her knees against her own weight.
  Soon, the toe was at the lip of the hole. The men eased it inwards, Jennifer
  finding herself grimacing and gritting her teeth to hold out against the increasing
  pain in her feet and arms.  
With a sickening jolt, the cross slid the last foot or so into the hole,
  jarring Jennifer so that she lost her grip on the situation. Her knees buckled,
  dragging unbearably on her arms and hands. A barking cry of pain burst from
  her lips. All around, the crowd were applauding again as the workers filled
  in the soil around the foot of the cross while Joel, Francis, P.L. and Eleanore
  held it upright.  
The gathered people rose as one when the workers stepped away at last from
  the wooden cross, and applauded cheerfully the spectacle of the lonely blonde
  girl forced open and totally exposed to their eyes and the elements, spread
  and nailed to a cross in the manner of a criminal of ancient Rome. Jennifer
  closed her eyes and tried to think of something, anything, to take her away
  from the world of agony, torment, and gleeful hatred that had ensnared her.
  But the only memory that came to mind again and again was the sight of Daniel
  tumbling onto the rocks far below.  
"It may take a little while for the full effectiveness of this method to
  become apparent," announced James Edward once the clapping and cheering had
  died down, "And we are interested in seeing just how long somebody might last
  when subjected to this method. Jennifer is a strong, fit woman and there are
  accounts of people in ancient times lasting several days before expiring. However,
  I think we will take the expert Doctor's opinion at nightfall, it being now
  1300 hours, and decide then whether she should also face the desert night.
  Meanwhile, we can watch from indoors via CCTV and discuss other matters while
  we may."  
The courtyard began to empty, leaving the stretched and sun-battered Jennifer
  to her fate.  
Part 3: A Short Interlude   
Angela Devoneste (her professional name, of course) woke from a deep sleep,
  and briefly wondered where she was. Then she remembered. An out of work actress,
  she had taken a curious job purely because she had no other way of paying her
  bills this month, and would have to leave LA and head back home to her parents
  unless she earned some cash, quickly.  
"We'll fly you to Latin America, you then spend the day pretending to be
  a character we've created for you, we've even got a credit card in her name
  (which charges to our company, it's not illegal or anything). You can buy just
  about anything you like with it, we don't mind. Then we will fly you back on
  a private jet that in the story is owned by this woman that you're pretending
  to be."  
She was on the jet plane supposedly owned by this Jennifer chick. She hadn't
  seen any film cameras or anything during her stay in &ndash; whatever city
  it had been &ndash; but that didn't mean anything. There were so many ways
  of making a film these days, for all she knew the camera had been hidden in
  the clothes they gave her to wear. She had passed out after drinking a couple
  of glasses of the wine that the pilot had given her.  
Other facts started to creep into her consciousness. The first being that
  someone had stripped her naked while she was out cold. It dawned on her that
  she must have been drugged, and that this was going to be one of those nightmare
  kidnapped-and-sold-into-slavery type stories. The money had been too good to
  be true, and now she guessed she knew why.  
She was on a bed, she realised, which was about as big as could be fitted
  onto this particular aircraft. She rolled off the bed and decided to go look
  for someone, maybe get her clothes back (or at least, some form of clothes).
  No luck. The door to this compartment was firmly locked. Desperately she searched
  the room for something to wear, but the single cupboard had also been stripped
  of all its contents. Somebody definitely wanted her naked during this flight.
  And the pilot had had such a charming British accent, she couldn't understand
  how such a person could be involved in white slavery. She curled up on the
  bed and started to cry, sobbing into the sheets at the unfairness of a world
  that treated the ambitious so harshly.  
Then she heard footsteps approaching. Frantically, she gathered the sheets
  around herself to cover up her private regions. The door opened, and in walked
  the pilot.  
William DeMoeira strode confidently towards the cabin of his captive. She
  had played her part beautifully, and would have one last act in which she would
  star as Jennifer. He had just listened by encoded radio transmissions to the
  events in North Africa thousands of miles away as the real Jennifer was nailed
  to a couple of planks, and half way through was nailed by a couple of planks
  (William had little respect for his cousins Joel and Francis). He had appreciated
  the dedication made by his father James Edward, but it didn't improve his mood
  at having to miss out on the big day. Perhaps of all the DeMoeiras, he had
  been the one who most wanted to fuck Daniel's wife (even while Daniel was still
  alive). It wasn't love for her, though: he had wanted to rape her, brutalise
  her, punish her for being cheap and lowlife and different  in
  the world of the DeMoeiras, and for leading his cousin astray. Of course, if
  he had done so before the murder, then it would have been he who faced death
  by some hideous concoction of the families twisted minds.  
Ah, well. He couldn't have the real thing yet, but there was no reason why
  he shouldn't have his own private celebration with the faux  Jennifer.
  Ms. Devoneste was still made up as Jennifer, and might as well take her place.
  With the plane on autopilot, he stripped in the lounge area and made his way
  to the bedroom at the back of the aircraft.  
When he opened the door to the rear cabin, he almost laughed out loud to
  see the living, breathing simulacrum of Jennifer cowering amidst the bedclothes.
  It would be so sweet to degrade and desecrate the dumb actress who had leaped
  at the chance to play the part. Her little "eek" of surprise at his nudity
  just added to the effect.  
Lightning-quick, he grabbed a handful of sheet and whipped it away, her fearful
  grip no match for his animal strength. Then he was on her, skilful hands snatching
  her wrists and forcing them back onto the bed, his weight pushing her body
  after them. Violently, he lunged into her, letting the stupid bitch scream
  for mercy as he held her down on the bed. Hard, brutal strokes, but not uncontrolled
  like his cousins in Africa had been. He was in command of himself, drawing
  out his victim's suffering as those two were unable to do for very long. She
  was struggling, of course, but made no difference to her situation and only
  had the same effect on him as if she had been responding positively to his
  approach.  
Then he let go of the girl's arms. She flailed at him immediately, but it
  was short-lived. Almost without missing a stroke in his rape of her now severely
  bruised pussy, he grabbed one of the pillows and shoved it into her face. Now
  he was holding it down over her pathetic mouth, and he had raised the tempo
  of his thrusting. She was struggling still, but weaker and weaker as he built
  himself up into a crescendo. He felt an unmistakable shiver run through the
  body beneath him and it triggered his orgasm just as he had hoped it would.
  He slumped over the lifeless corpse of Angela Devoneste, the pillow still firmly
  over her mouth just in case there was some vestigial trace of life in her.
  But it was unlikely.  
After ten minutes to recover, William made his final preparations. He drew
  a pair of pliers from his pocket and carefully removed every tooth from the
  actress's mouth, before wrapping her in one of Jennifer's bathrobes and arranging
  her on the bed. He returned to the cockpit where he shuffled the corpse of
  Jennifer's usual pilot, who had been carefully strangled while he and Jennifer
  slept on the flight to South America, into the pilot's seat of the aircraft.
  William DeMoeira made one last adjustment before he donned his jumpsuit, strapped
  on his parachute and abandoned the plane to its fate.  
The timing was perfect, a little before dawn over the Pacific Ocean, not
  far from the US coastline. The location was just as expected and, if all had
  gone to plan, there would be a DeMoeira yacht waiting to pick him up. He had
  activated a coded radio beacon that would tell the rescue crew where he was
  coming down, just in case they missed each other originally. A High-Altitude,
  Low Opening (HALO) jump was called for, for secrecy, but William was already
  a skilled parachutist and that was why he of all the DeMoeiras had been chosen
  for this part of the mission.  
And it befell just as intended: in fact, William had to steer slightly to
  avoid the mast of his rescue vessel. While the rescuers were busy fishing him
  out of the sea, the final piece of the jigsaw puzzle fell into place, as the
  jet plane exploded in mid-air. It was set up to look like an electrical engineering
  fault had caused a spark in a fuel tank. If anyone should ever be recovered,
  there would be two bodies that could be presumed to be Jennifer DeMoeira and
  her pilot. And so the newspapers reported the following day on the continuing
  tragedy of the young DeMoeira couple, first the climbing accident and then
  the air disaster ripping the fairy-tale couple from the world.  
All William cared about was that there was no way anybody would ever come
  looking for the real Jennifer DeMoeira.  
Part 4: The Shop Window   
Crucifixion is probably the most fiendish means of execution devised by the
  minds of men. For sheer simplicity, effectiveness and the amount and duration
  of suffering caused, it outranks just about every other device ever invented.
  Most other methods would last under an hour at the longest, but there are records
  of crucified people lasting for days before finally expiring.  
For her first few minutes on the cross, Jennifer was aware most of all of
  the pain in the tendons in her legs, the awful stretching as her feet were
  driven into unnatural positions by even more unnatural metalwork. She was a
  fit, tough woman and her legs were strong enough for the time being, even in
  their current shape, of holding her weight.  
Her long blonde hair was scattered and tangled, falling untidily all about
  her, some across her face, some between her head and the wood behind it, and
  some around the crossbeam or behind the upright. She longed for a breeze to
  take it away from her face, because every time she drew breath, her own hair
  threatened to be sucked into her mouth.  
She was also acutely aware of the sun beating down on her, her pale European
  skin unfit for such direct rays. Her cross had been positioned, by accident
  or design, to face south and the brightness forced her to squint and turn her
  head to one side. Her skin was coated in sweat from the relentless heat whose
  myriad fingers burrowed to her very core in greedy waves.  
She was almost thankful to Doctor Brava that he had pierced her hands with
  his nails well before she had been forced up onto this cross, for that pain
  she did not have to endure so heavily now. Instead, for a while it was merely
  discomfort from many sources that filled her awareness.  
But the remnants of those nails were unforgiving when her whole weight was
  upon them, and in her feet they had smashed through bones that then were given
  no time to heal. That pain existed and grew in her consciousness. Growing,
  too, was the tension and tightness in her legs, beyond discomfort and into
  anguish and finally, foot and leg could hold her weight no more in the sapping
  heat of the African afternoon. Slowly, gently, Jennifer tried to bend her legs
  and take some weight onto her arms.  
She was stretched enough, both vertically and laterally, that the slightest
  adjustment was communicated instantly to the rest of her body. Her arm-muscles
  suddenly sang in high-pitched tones as they were brought into tension. Her
  hands, too, were run through with Doctor Brava's surgical metal, and as weight
  shifted to them, their twisted, ruined inner workings were aggravated once
  more, flaring up in the sharp reminder of what had been done. But the leg muscles
  and foot bones needed more slack yet if they were to recover, and so the hands
  and arms had to take more, stretch further and suffer more painfully to allow
  it.  
Yet the cycle was not done: for as the legs gave way further, and the arms
  were stretched higher and further back against the sinking torso, the tightness
  across the chest began. Where Jennifer had been breathing freely and carefully
  to avoid choking on her own hair, now she was having to work hard just to gulp
  in as much as she could with what she had. Soon, she could scarcely draw breath
  at all, and spluttering on hairs that had indeed entered her gaping mouth.
  She could do nothing else but push back down with her feet and aching legs
  and lock them out once again, enduring once more the grating of broken bones
  and the stretching of sinews once again.  
She was unrested in her legs, her arms and hands ached and blazed with pain,
  and she was short of breath and partially smothered by her own hair. Yet Jennifer
  knew that this would happen again and again, because she could not hold her
  legs rock-steady forever; they would start to give again, and she would be

  forced into the same cycle of torment. And each time, the increase in her suffering
  would be her own fault as her resolve would crack and give way to the weakness
  of her body.  
* * * * *  
From eight different vantage points, DV cameras were recording the whole
  affair: one of them in close-up on the victim's face and adjusted for her movements
  by one of the technically-minded DeMoeiras; four recorded the full length of
  the cross from various angles including front-on and various side angles. Another
  recorded the whole arena with the cross and its occupant centre-screen. Two
  more were at floor-level close to the cross, looking up at its length and the
  length of Jennifer's body. One of these was to her left at 45 degrees; the
  other was to her right, at 75 degrees from the line of the crossbeam, giving
  a more frontal view. On a vast cinematic screen, all eight were displayed to
  the watching family and their valued customers; in the centre of the screen,
  a slightly-delayed picture was showing anything that seemed of particular interest
  at the time, in the eyes of another DeMoeira who fancied himself as a film
  director. The final editing of this epic masterpiece of sales material would,
  however, be left to those who truly understood what was happening, and what
  was required from their footage. A few of the most loyal customers would be
  allowed to take the original footage to cut their own versions for private
  use. Doctor Lucas Brava watched carefully as the fruits of his labour were
  put to the test.  
The gathered people did not focus on the screen the whole time, for this
  was going to be a very long show. Instead, they treated the occasion as any
  large family group might treat a chance to get together and exchange the latest
  news and gossip. James Edward and his two eldest sons were talking earnestly
  with the various military leaders who had graced the event with their presence,
  discussing the latest uses to which DeMoeira equipment had been put and ways
  in which the existing implements might be improved, or confirming new orders
  for the old favourites.  
On the screen, Jennifer's face grew ever more strained and anguished, as
  she pushed herself to the limit each time in a vain effort to gain some brief
  respite from one element or other of her suffering. A new main picture appeared:
  uncontrolled tears were streaming down the girl's face, her lips were dried
  and sweat dripped from every line.  
Doctor Brava crept out of the room.  
* * * * *  
Hours had past since she had been nailed up, and in the relentless and still
  heat, Jennifer had sweated heavily and without pause. Her lips felt as though
  they were made of sandpaper and her throat was little different. It was becoming
  hard to think, and thirst raging and unending added itself to the agony that
  consumed her.  
When she saw Doctor Brava appear carrying a bucket full of water, she cried
  out with relief, "Thank God!"  
But the Doctor did not come any closer: "Thank who?" he asked.  
"Thank Doctor Lucas Brava," Jennifer croaked.  
"That's better," the doctor responded, and he came the rest of the way. In
  his other hand, he was carrying a long pole and a strange contraption attached
  to it. Its purpose Jennifer could not determine until Brava was at the foot
  of the wooden column.  
Attached to the pole was a long rubber tube, and it was obvious that this
  was to pass water up to the mouth of the victim on the cross. Attached to the
  tube near the other end was something else that she could not identify from
  her unusual perspective.  
Dr. Brava put the free end of the tube into the bucket of water, and lifted
  the other end on the pole to Jennifer's mouth. Greedily, she tried to suck,
  but no fluid would come. Dr. Brava laughed at her.  
"Silly little bird in your tree! Don't you know that rain always falls, but
  never rises? It is a scientific fact that the human mouth is not a powerful
  enough suction pump to lift water that far. If you want it, I must use my foot
  pump to help you."  
He pumped the strange contraption a few times with his foot, and sure enough
  a gout of water spewed from the raised end of the tube, spraying over Jennifer's
  face.  
He held the pipe closer, a few centimetres from Jennifer's lips, but also
  a little bit lower than them.  
"I won't move it from this point," he said, and pumped again, hard. The splash
  of water fell well below Jennifer's mouth.  
"If you want to drink, you'll have to stretch for it."  
Jennifer needed to drink. Desperately, she leaned her body weight forwards,
  pushing her head out from the pillar to try to catch the tube and maybe gain
  some relief. Her arms screamed at her, her hands twisting now and punishing
  her fractured bones there as well. But she had to drink. Her ankles were eased
  slightly by the change in attitude, but other stresses were introduced in her
  feet, and the broken bones there shifted and grated anew. But she had to drink.  
Triumphantly, she took the rubber between her teeth only for Brava to snatch
  it away again. She took another desperate lunge after it with her teeth, and
  screamed horribly as her hands were wrenched impossibly once more. She fell
  back from that lunge, and Brava let her drink, pumping spurt after spurt of
  water into her gaping maw, spilling some to soothe her lips and then pumping
  again. Nearly two litres in a minute or two, Jennifer gratefully swallowed,
  and then she thanked the doctor again for giving her something to drink. Only
  then did she realise that she was having trouble breathing again.  
Lucas Brava was a very intelligent man, and he had timed his drinks run with
  great care. It had served two purposes: one, was to make sure that Jennifer
  did not die of dehydration and thereby spoil the effect; two, was to persuade
  her to abandon the support afforded her by the sturdy upright post. He had
  made sure that she was already tired and her limbs worn out before going, and
  now he was fairly sure that she would not be able to regain her original upright
  posture.  
Jennifer was just discovering the diabolical cleverness behind the trick
  with the water. Suddenly, with her arms completely overstretched, she had no
  strength in them to pull herself back. Although briefly it had seemed that
  her legs had had a slight improvement from it, she was now finding that they
  too were suffering more as she had to use them not only to counter the vertical
  force of her weight, but now they had to fight at an angle to support it. And
  the suffocating effect that was the fatal element of the crucifixion was now
  accentuated, as her arms were bent back behind her, locking the ribs and their
  intercostal muscles, and making her diaphragm do all the work of breathing.
  Her diaphragm too was compromised by the position of her lower body, as she
  found herself forming an ever more bowed shape (though that effect was invisible
  on most of the cameras, since she had been stretched so tightly to begin with).
  Given just a little extra stretching, there was less that the muscle could
  do to power the lungs, and so the basic operations of the respiratory system
  were all severely limited.  
* * * * *  
At first, the viewing room had been filled with boos when they saw the doctor
  on his apparent mercy mission. But when they saw how he had manoeuvred Jennifer
  into an even more punishing situation, they laughed out loud at his cunning
  and their own misunderstanding of his deeds. When he re-entered the chamber,
  it was to an uproarious cheer from all present.  
* * * * *  
Jennifer had no way of knowing how long she had hung there, and it was irrelevant
  in the broader landscape of her pain. Hours had passed before Dr. Brava brought
  relief at such a terrible price. Hours followed in greater agony than before.  
Jennifer's lungs were a pit of fire in her chest, her skin was baking under
  the sun that was only now, it seemed, sinking towards the horizon. Her limbs
  blazed from constant abuse, the effort of supporting her weight and trying
  uselessly to lift herself back to the relative ease of the vertical position,
  and the twisting and grinding of the Brava Nails against her damaged and broken
  hands and feet.  
It felt like drowning while in the fresh air: slowly, excruciatingly drowning
  for ages untold by man while all around her the life-giving oxygen was at her
  lips and in her mouth but would never reach her hungry lungs. Each lungful
  was a struggle, more difficult than the last, and never actually filling the
  lungs but giving just enough to last until the next breath. Her head hung forwards,
  no strength reserved for the neck muscles when it was needed more elsewhere.  
Gone now was her steady, careful control of her actions. Her legs were tested
  as though by having run marathon after marathon, her arms as though she had
  carried a great stone above her head on those races. She could no longer hold
  any position, but gyrated from one to another: the knees would bend a little
  and the arms tighten and strain, twitching right to the fingers that could
  do no more than that. Then the chest would tighten, and she would suffocate
  a little more. The legs would push upwards again, feebly, aided by the tormented
  arms and she would gulp a little more air as the arms muscles relaxed minutely,
  and then the knees would give way again immediately. It was like some drawn-out,
  slow-motion butterfly stroke, working every part of her beyond their natural
  limits.  
Sinking. Drowning. Resurface. Again, and again, every minute a repetition
  of ever-changing, ever-demanding pain.  
* * * * *  
The sun was rapidly descending in the sky, and had lost its ferocity of the
  afternoon. The DeMoeiras re-emerged to watch the show in the flesh, rather
  than by video link. The desperately slow writhing of their naked victim was
  now grotesquely erotic, as though she were being gently screwed by some invisible
  giant who caressed her as his unseen penis slowly ground into her and out again,
  and she riding him in the same manner.  
In or near the Tropics, the sun sets very quickly, appearing to accelerate
  as it approaches the horizon, and so it was not long before it was growing
  dark in the DeMoeira compound. Bright floodlights replaced the glare of the
  sun. Now, the heat of the day was dissipating quickly into the cold of the
  African desert at night. Now, at last, a breeze started to drift its way around
  the buildings of the complex.  
Jennifer was still coated with her sweat, which had poured from her all through
  the day. A new distress assaulted her senses as her burning skin began to cool
  rapidly. The breeze that would have been welcomed a few hours ago as now an
  instrument of most hideous torture, accelerating the cooling process by speeding
  her sweat's evaporation. Uncontrolled shivering started across her body, disrupting
  her breathing even more and making it even harder for her to push firmly enough
  with her legs as the muscles were occupied not only with the vital work of
  lifting her so that she could keep breathing, but also the vital work of shivering
  and generating heat so that she did not freeze to death.  
In the grandstand, James Edward consulted the doctor: "Should we bring her
  down now, to keep her a bit fresh for the next operation?"  
"No, it would already take her several days to recover sufficiently to survive
  that process. Might as well leave her up there to the end."  
James Edward went out into the courtyard, once again briefly taking the role
  of MC: "I have just been promised by Dr. Lucas Brava that we will in fact be
  taking Jennifer all the way!" A whooping cheer went up at this news while James
  Edward returned to his seat. To Jennifer it meant nothing, for she had no way
  of knowing that there had been a brief moment when she might have been brought
  down sooner. Instead, the announcement and the cheering washed over her as
  so much irrelevant noise: her whole universe was composed of a cross, four
  nails and the air of which she could never get enough.  
* * * * *  
The end did not take much longer. Two hours after sunset, and Jennifer's
  legs had finally given up completely and she was sagging, all her weight carried
  by her hands. She choked as she failed completely to draw breath, and felt
  herself slipping from the world. Her last thought was, "At least they went
  too far, and will not enjoy my pain any more."  
She went down from her breath cycle, and her limbs twitched but she did not
  rise again. At that, James Edward gave a quick glance to Dr. Brava, who nodded,
  and instantly the teams swung into action. They knew that there was every chance
  that Jennifer was suffocating while ever she hung like that.  
Ropes were cast about the arms of the cross, and a circular saw taken to
  the base of the cross. Crews with medical equipment were standing by ready
  for the moment that the cross came down. The felling of the cross was carried
  out in immaculately controlled fashion, and achieved less than a minute from
  when the go signal had been given.  
An artificial breathing apparatus was attached to Jennifer's face, forcing
  oxygen-enriched air into her lungs and sucking it back again, doing the work
  that her body was currently unfit to do. Others worked quickly to withdraw
  the nails from the wood and flex the arms and legs to stimulate blood flow.
  They had already established that there was still a faint pulse, so if they
  did their jobs properly, Jennifer would live to die another day, and another.  
In the stands, none of this was apparent and everyone there watched with
  baited breath. The dramatic "death" on the cross had excited them all, but
  it would be no joy if it proved to have been a genuine fatality. Jennifer's
  still body was loaded onto a hard stretcher, accompanied by the breathing machine,
  and carried into a second medical facility on one side of the courtyard.  
* * * * *  
The audience adjourned to the viewing room once more, where James Edward
  spoke once more to the customers and his clan members.  
"I must apologise for the fact that we went for the dramatic and spectacular,
  rather than the practical when we selected the cross for our first demonstration.
  Dr. Brava is currently overseeing the recovery operation, but assures me that
  Jennifer will eventually give us the pleasure of seeing her in action again &ndash; and
  many more times after that as well, I hope. She will convalesce in preparation
  for a further round of treatment under the good doctor's scalpel. Let me reassure
  our honoured guests that we have developed a range of crosses that will make
  recovery of the victim much easier. In the meantime, let's relive some of the
  highlights of the evening's entertainment!"  
The video screen sprang into life again. Before long, James Edward had secured
  at least three firm contracts for delivery of the components of the Brava Nails
  Process, including one with a "hinged cross" installation.  
Part 5: In The Hospital   
Jennifer woke to find herself in a hospital bed with bandages on her hands
  and feet, and aching all over her body, with sunlight streaming in through
  the windows. It had all been a dream, she thought as she looked around her,
  there had been a plane crash, her jet had come down and she had somehow survived
  to be brought here, with severe injuries in her hands and feet, and possibly
  in other parts of her body as well. In her coma, her guilty conscience had
  constructed these into a nightmare of revenge as the DeMoeiras sought to destroy
  their errant in-law. But now she was awake, and safe in the hands of the very
  best of American doctors and nurses. That there were no other people in the
  beds around her simply showed what wealth could buy you in America.  
Then the wall opposite her bed seemed to dissolve, and was revealed to be
  a vast flat-screen television. James Edward DeMoeira's face gazed upon the
  almost-empty hospital ward.  
"Yes, it was all true. You really were hung upon a cross for seven hours,
  and you really did die &ndash; well, almost! The genius who devised the infinitely
  repeatable crucifixion, Doctor Lucas Brava, is sufficiently gifted as to have
  revived you. We want to make sure that your hands and feet have healed as well
  as they are ever going to before we do that again, but after that, we will
  do it as often as we like, whenever we like. At last, it is possible to put
  a person to death over and over again! Rest well, and come back soon!" The
  picture faded to a still from one of the videos of Jennifer's crucifixion.
  It was near the end: the floodlights were already on, and Jennifer was hanging
  low on the cross, a grimace twisting her face.  
Jennifer turned to one side and was sick over the side of the bed.  
A young-looking African woman in a nurse's uniform came and cleared it up
  in a professional manner, and went away. Jennifer just lay on her back where
  she was. It hurt too much to move after the stretching and flexing that she
  had suffered on the cross. Only the deeply ingrained desire not to lie in her
  own vomit had pushed her far enough not to leave it in the bed itself. Now
  that that was out the way, she could only lie there and wonder what hope she
  had of surviving the DeMoeiras' crazed vengeance.  
After a length of time that to Jennifer seemed to stretch interminably, the
  nurse returned. She was pushing a trolley table, on which was a steaming plate
  of wonderful food. Jennifer's mouth watered at the prospect. Maybe she would
  be given one last chance to enjoy life while she was waiting in the hospital,
  and she would seize it while she could!  
There was also a bowl, which seemed to contain soup of some kind. The nurse
  helped Jennifer into a sitting position so that she could eat more easily.
  The movements hurt like hell, but Jennifer was grateful.  
The bandages on her hands did not cover her fingers, so when the table was
  wheeled over the bed for her to start eating, she reached for the knife and
  fork herself.  
The nurse mentioned, "The doctor say, I must not help you, and if you try
  to eat with your fingers, then I must take the food away immediately. But you
  may eat whatever you wish." Jennifer then discovered what had been done.  
Her fingers would not respond properly to her wishes. After the horrendous
  damage done by Doctor Brava's nails, she had no way of flexing her middle two
  fingers on either hand, and the index finger was much weaker. Her hands were
  utterly crippled. Only her thumb worked properly. She simply couldn't control
  her cutlery well enough to start on the sumptuous foods that were piled onto
  the plate. Then she looked at the soup. A tiny plastic spoon rested by the
  bowl, but the soup itself smelled horrible, and looked like gruel more than
  anything. Weeping with frustration, Jennifer picked up the spoon and balanced
  it in her hand, using her thumb and index finger to control it. She dipped
  it into the soup and lifted it to her mouth. The soup tasted just as bad as
  it looked, but the nurse seemed to approve: "Good choice. The doctor says it
  has all the nutrients you need!" Dr. Brava, it seemed, had condemned Jennifer
  to feed on this filth while a beautiful plate of gorgeous, mouth-watering delights
  sat so close and yet so untouchable to her. Humiliated and broken in spirit,
  Jennifer reluctantly ate the rest of the soup, knowing that it would be all
  she would ever taste ever again.  
As evening came, the nurse brought Jennifer the same non-choice of meals.
  She guessed that the nurse herself must be allowed to eat whatever Jennifer
  did not. That must be why she was so keen on Jennifer taking the horrid soup
  instead.  
The nurse changed Jennifer's bandages, applying some form of salve to keep
  the swelling down, and then tucking Jennifer in and closing the curtains. She
  switched off the light and left Jennifer in darkness.  
* * * * *  
At dawn, a giant James Edward head yelled, "Rise and shine!" into the ward
  and woke Jennifer. Then it went away. Jennifer was awake again.  
That day, and the ones following it, unfolded in exactly the same way. The
  nurse changed Jennifer's bandages and reapplied the salve every morning and
  evening. Jennifer had three meals a day of the gruel. The nurse made sure that
  Jennifer had use of a bedpan as and when necessary. Nothing else happened,
  except that the soreness began to dissipate in Jennifer's mistreated body,
  and the pain in her hands and feet seemed slightly less.  
On the sixth day, however, as she was changing Jennifer's hands in the evening,
  the nurse spoke to Jennifer: "Oh, I feel so scared for you. They are going
  to perform some terrible operation: even worse than these," and she gestured
  at Jennifer's hands and feet, "Oh, I do not want to help them prepare you for
  it!"  
"Please, you must let the world know that I am here. Say that Jennifer DeMoeira
  is alive and held prisoner here. Take a swab of my saliva: they can DNA test
  it and prove that what you say is true. Then I will be rescued and you will
  be a heroine!" Later that night, the nurse did as Jennifer asked, and made
  the swab and put it properly in a sealed tube. She said that she would go for
  help immediately.  
When Jennifer awoke the next morning, to James Edward's noisy wake-up call,
  she found that she was no longer the only patient in the DeMoeira hospital.
  The nurse was lying on the next bed, her wrists and ankles held by broad leather
  straps to the head and foot of her bed.  
"I'm ve-ee ho-ee. Vey hau' me," the petite African said to Jennifer. It took
  Jennifer a moment to realise that they had cut out the woman's tongue. She
  had tried to say, "I'm very sorry. They caught me." Jennifer had always been
  good at understanding speech impediments, but this one was so severe and so
  evil in its cause.  
"Vey boo 'oo me wha' vey boo 'oo 'oo."  
"These?" asked Jennifer, raising her hands.  
"Uh-uh. Wha' I warm abou'."  
"I'm so sorry, I should never ever have asked you to help me!" Jennifer sobbed
  in return. For the first time, she thought she realised what the term "greed" really
  meant, what she had become, and why she deserved to be punished. It was things
  like her callous disregard for the poor nurse's safety in her eagerness to
  escape.  
The new nurse proved to be none other than Eleanore, and she wielded a syringe
  that she aimed directly at Jennifer.  
"Lucas says that you've recovered enough for your operation, honey," drawled
  Eleanore, "And silly bitch over there is still in quite good shape even after
  they caught her trying to leave the compound. So it's nighty-night time for
  you two!" It didn't sound at all like the Eleanore that Jennifer remembered,
  but then, she had never realised that Eleanore was a professional sadist and
  member of a family of torturers, either.  
The injection stung, but was very effective, and Jennifer knew no more.  
When she came round, she was strapped firmly to her bed, with an IV tube
  in her arm. The giant TV sprang into life, showing James Edward once again.  
"The doctor tells me that it will take a few weeks for you to recover from
  his second operation, during which time you will not be permitted to eat or
  drink anything. All your nutritional needs are provided by that tube. We have
  hired a new nurse, who will be much less inquisitive and much less eager to
  help her patient.  
* * * * *  
Jennifer's bandages were changed just as before. There were no more torments
  with the food, since she wasn't to have any. Her bodily functions were at first
  handled in the same way, a bedpan providing the receptacle for the waste. After
  a couple of days, however, there was nothing left in Jennifer's bowels, so
  a catheter was set up permanently to drain her urine. Jennifer began to wonder
  if the idea was to bore her to death.  
On the fifth night, a new torment began. There was no need any more for James
  Edward's head to wake Jennifer, for at 9pm, 12 midnight, 3am and 6am she would
  wake herself. Her own screams would fill the room as the TV sprang into life
  showing the video of the first operation that had preceded her crucifixion.
  Her voice tearing the air as the nails were hammered home, and each time shattering
  the sleep that she hoped to gain. Soon, her dreams were of nothing but giant
  nails bearing down on her, and she would wake, screaming, a few seconds before
  the television started its ghastly show. In the day, James Edward started to
  show the final cut of the crucifixion video, all seven hours of it. By light
  and by dark, Jennifer was confronted by the images of her torture.  
Then, after two or three weeks (Jennifer had lost count), the routine changed
  suddenly. At 2am, an hour earlier than usual, she was woken by screaming: but
  it was not her own. She focused her bleary eyes on the screen in front of her.
  It was not her own Nailing that she saw, but that of another woman. She was
  about 5'7" to 5'9", with long, shining chestnut hair that spilled over the
  top of her cross-table. She looked fit and strong, but was just as helpless
  as Jennifer had been. The video seemed to skip when they moved to her feet,
  and Jennifer guessed that they had not wanted this woman to slip into the same
  sort of fugue state as Jennifer had reached. They had obviously paused a while
  after doing her hands, and then come back for her feet.  
What Jennifer had not anticipated was that the girl on the screen would take
  more than four of the special nails. She was turned on her side, and a fifth
  nail was lined up, before being struck hard and savagely through the horrified
  girl's breast. The sixth nail went through the other breast to balance it out.
  Jennifer's screams joined those of the victim on-screen when the breast-nails
  went in.  
At 4am, and at 6am the same video was shown. Jennifer's conditioning was
  so great that she was awake for the opening of the 6am showing. She got to
  see the woman walked across to the cross-table and laid upon it by two guards
  dressed as surgeons. She noticed that the woman had no body hair, and there
  was a ring through her nose, piercing the fleshy wall between her nostrils.
  She was the only white person in the picture, the others being black. Jennifer
  wondered if there was a reason for that.  
At the end of the 6am showing, James Edward appeared on the screen.  
"You know, Jenny," he said, "That was all thanks to you! You gave such a
  good show on that cross, and of course when Lucas did his hammering, that several
  dubious regimes have seen fit to order from us the equipment for the Brava
  Nails Process. We named the nails after the good Doctor, because he invented
  them, and the process of putting them in after the nails themselves. Elegant,
  eh? And you just witnessed the first-ever commercial use of the Brava Nails.
  We never thought of that thing with the breasts, but then, there isn't enough
  flesh on yours to make it feasible, and they were originally designed with
  you in mind. Abigail, that's the name of the woman you just saw, and those
  who follow her, will be just a lucky bonus for us. Anyway, thank you for being
  such a good model for our wares!" And he was gone.  
The routine returned, with a mixture of Abigail and Jennifer on the nighttime
  viewings, and the Jennifer crucifixion on in the daytime. Jennifer hoped that
  that meant that Abigail was already dead, and her suffering over, but she doubted
  it very much. The whole point of the Brava Nails was so that a person could
  be "executed" in a horrible way, many times. Maybe they hadn't filmed Abigail's
  crucifixion. Eventually, they decided that the swelling had stopped in Jennifer's
  hands and feet, and the bandages could come off.  
Then, after six long weeks of broken sleep and non-stop replays of her own
  and Abigail's agony, Jennifer was immensely relieved when they came to get
  her out of bed.  
Part 6: Something Inside So Strong   
After six weeks strapped to a hospital bed, Jennifer was extraordinarily
  stiff. Although the nurse had given her a daily flexing of limbs and electrical
  stimulation to ensure that her circulation was okay and that her muscles didn't
  start to waste away, Jennifer had been effectively motionless for seven weeks,
  including the week before the mysterious operation. The nurse was accompanied
  by Eleanore and James Edward himself. They raised the folding half of the bed
  so that Jennifer was in a sitting position, and then undid the straps that
  bound her. First they released Jennifer's feet, and James Edward held them
  firmly to stop Jennifer from kicking anyone; although she was in no fit state
  to do so, they were not going to risk it.  
With her upper body still firmly bound, Eleanore showed her a nut and bolt
  combination, larger than usual, and the head of the bolt and the nut itself
  were very wide in diameter. When the nurse undid the straps, Jennifer discovered
  why: her hands were to be bolted together behind her back, through the holes
  left by the "Brava Nails". James Edward swivelled Jennifer's legs through 90
  degrees, and the nurse with Eleanore's help lifted Jennifer to her feet. Without
  the use of her hands, it would have been almost impossible for her to stand
  without assistance.  
Only when she was on her feet, balancing on the metal plates in the hollow
  of her foot, that Jennifer had the first inkling of what might have been done
  to her this time. She had heard the phrase "a poker up the bum", but this was
  the first time she had had a literal demonstration of what the term was supposed
  to mean; it had only been a colloquial figure of speech until now. Her spine
  felt as if it had been rendered utterly inflexible and she was unable to bend
  her torso forwards or backwards, or leaning left or right. Her neck still worked,
  but her body was totally frozen. She could manage a bit of twisting at her
  hips, but that was all.  
It played havoc with her sense of balance as James Edward and Eleanore helped
  her to walk from the ward, along a corridor and back into the courtyard where,
  nearly two months ago, Jennifer had been nailed to a cross.  
There was no raised stage this time, just wooden boards placed over the sandy
  ground. A wooden block stood at the centre of the floor, reminiscent of the
  chopping blocks seen in films where the hero is about to be beheaded (only
  to be rescued at the last minute by his faithful companions). Jennifer had
  no faithful companions, and had no illusions about being a heroine. But she
  knew that the DeMoeiras would not behead her. Unless the operation she had
  undergone would somehow enable the DeMoeiras to repeatedly chop her head off,
  put it back on and revive her in time for another go, she could not see it
  happening that way. There was also a ladder and a tall crane, the purposes
  of which she could not imagine.  
To one side of the arena stood a podium with a microphone for James Edward
  to play the part once more of MC. If anything, there were more people watching
  than there had been for Jennifer's last "performance". Eleanore assisted Jennifer
  to the block and made her kneel. This was not going to be a beheading, realised
  Jennifer, thankful for that much at least (although perhaps she should have
  welcomed death rather than whatever the DeMoeiras had in mind instead). Her
  knees were pushed right up against the block. They were also forced wide apart
  by a lip at the base of the block. Eleanore pushed her forwards until her crotch
  was against the rough corner at the top of the wood. Only now did Jennifer
  realise that she was still naked. She had not had any clothes since her crucifixion,
  and she had all but forgotten her nudity. Now, though, with her sex exposed
  and an audience of nearly two hundred, the full shame of her condition came
  back to her. There was nothing that she could do about it, though, except blush
  and shrink into herself: even that action was less effective with her restricted
  level of movements.  
Eleanore stood guard beside Jennifer as James Edward mounted his dais and
  started his presentation:  
"Friends and family members," he began, "Our fabled Doctor Lucas Brava has
  done it again! We are here today to witness the results of possibly the most
  daring and innovative experiment in the history of torture and execution. That
  the preparatory operation itself has been completed satisfactorily is in itself
  a testament to the man's sheer brilliance in his chosen fields of metallurgy
  and medicine.  
"But that is not all! There is a small matter of industrial discipline that
  will be settled after the main show, and before the main show, we must welcome
  back my eldest, from his sea trip in the Pacific to bury Jennifer forever in
  the wide ocean! He missed out on our first experiment, but is here today to
  play a full part in the second. So, everybody, welcome William DeMoeira, pilot
  and skydiver extraordinaire!"  
William DeMoeira stood and walked forwards from his place at the front of
  one of the grandstands.  
"William will not only assist with the actual erection, but will also assist
  by use of his erection, in order to prepare the victim for her ride," James
  Edward commented as William began to strip off beside Jennifer at the wooden
  block. Once naked, William showed off his body, well-endowed in all respects,
  to the waiting audience. Then he whispered in Jennifer's ear, "I think I'm
  glad I missed you on the cross, because I think doing it this  way
  will be much sweeter! You always were lowlife trash, and you deserve everything
  I'm going to give you. I bet you even enjoy it!"  
Eleanore forced Jennifer to bend forwards over the bock, pushing her rigid
  torso towards the ground. Somebody had worked this out very carefully, because
  Jennifer's forehead just touched the ground when her belly on the far edge
  of the top of the block would allow her to bend no further at the waist &ndash; although
  it was her hips rather than her waist that had to provide more of the flexibility.  
Eleanore unbolted Jennifer's hands and forced her to place her elbows on
  the floor as William moved into place behind Jennifer. He patted her arse playfully.  
"You're going to want to relax that as much as possible," Eleanore whispered
  to Jennifer, "Otherwise this whole thing is going to hurt a lot more. And you
  have to take William's whole thing as well, first!"  
William was not one given to kindness, so his preparation of Jennifer's butt,
  and his own cock, with plenty of lubrication was not a sign of a willingness
  to save Jennifer any pain; rather, it showed that whatever the DeMoeiras had
  planned, it involved Jennifer's arsehole and would be big. Jennifer didn't
  see it that way, though.  
"No, please, not there!" she wailed into Eleanore's crotch, but the sound
  was transmitted to the whole audience, and Jennifer was shocked to hear her
  desperate pleas broadcast over the PA. Eleanore had deliberately hidden a radio
  microphone in her costume just for such a purpose.  
"Please!" Jennifer begged, as William placed the head of penis against her
  puckered anus, "I've never done it before, you'll tear me apart!" Indeed, if
  anything her anus was as unprepared as it was possible to be for such an assault.
  Thanks to the IV feed, it had been almost forty days since she had last had
  to have a shit and her arse was seemingly closed to all traffic in either direction
  as it had gradually fallen into disuse.  
"Just relax it," soothed Eleanore, "It'll hurt less!" This was also not advice
  given out of kindness, but rather to allow Jennifer to blame herself when she
  did not relax enough. The DeMoeiras also did not really want Jennifer too badly
  damaged at this stage.  
William used his hands to pull Jennifer's cheeks wide apart, and began to
  press his hips in towards her upturned bottom. He knew his duty here. Once
  inside, he could hammer as hard as he liked, but he couldn't go too fast too
  soon, or the whole event would have to be postponed. Besides, this way he could
  prolong the slutty bitch's agony for several seconds longer.  
"Ow!" cried Jennifer as the bulbous end of William's cock finally forced
  its way past her sphincter, "Oww, no, please stop!" Her voice cracking with
  the pain in her backside, each of her complaints drew a round of applause for
  the man inflicting the pain upon her. Though well-endowed, William was hardly
  massive; just on the big side of average. Enough to impress the ladies, and
  satisfy the sluts, was his own way of putting it. To Jennifer it might as well
  have been the Titanic that was barging its way into her darkest regions.  
"Wargh!" she cried, as William reversed direction, and a terrible slow sucking
  sensation seemed to be dragging her insides out after him as he withdrew at
  the same speed with which he had advanced.  
Then the vengeful DeMoeira heir took his hatred out on Jennifer's arsehole.
  He abandoned his initial tempo and went for it as hard as he could, speeding
  up as he felt Jennifer's hole becoming weaker. Jennifer grunted with the first
  impact of the accelerating William, and screamed louder and higher-pitched
  with every subsequent stroke. Suddenly he was jerking, grunting, cursing his
  defiled in-law, as he came deep in her brown tunnel.  
"Some extra lube for you there," he whispered hoarsely to Jennifer, "You're
  going to need it!" Jennifer did not attempt to answer; tears of pain and impotent
  rage were all she had, and they soaked the wooden floor just below her face.
  Eleanore took a handful of Jennifer's hair and rubbed it in the salt-water
  as the manoeuvres were made ready for the headline event.  
"There is little that can be said about what is going to happen, that cannot
  be expressed better by simply letting it happen," announced James Edward, "Suffice
  to say that no other woman could possibly survive the treatment that we are
  about to give to young Jennifer DeMoeira, n&eacute;e Derby."  
Four of the DeMoeira boys in roughly the same age group as Jennifer (and
  the late Daniel) came in, and they were carrying what appeared to be a decorative
  flagpole. William had put his trousers on and was helping to direct them. They
  passed behind Jennifer and out of her sight. As she did so, she saw that the
  head of the flagpole was pointed, going into a ball about the width of a golf
  ball before a slight pinch and then it widened to about half an inch fatter
  than the head, and was apparently the same width all the way along from that
  point. She consoled herself that it would be fatal if inserted into her...  
"Argh!" Jennifer screamed as the very thing that she had been ruling out
  happened. The head of the flagpole itself was being driven into her anus. She
  knew that it would have been impossible if William had not widened her there
  already.  
"Nooo! I can't take it!" she cried as another inch was pushed down her back
  passage. Already the bulb at the top was all the way inside, her anus closing
  tightly around the neck before the wider part. She could feel the terrible
  thing inside her, too fat to come out but impossible, surely, for it to go
  further in?  
But it did. Inch after inch, and now her anus was stretched far beyond anything
  she could have believed ten minutes ago. The men were driving it ever so slowly,
  and Jennifer was thankful for the lubrication that William had put in her as
  it pressed ever forwards.  
How much was in her already? Surely she could take no more! They would nail
  a seat to the pole, hoist it to vertical and leave her there, a pretty bird
  sitting on a red and white tree in the desert. But it just kept on coming,
  rasping against her sore rectum and driving onwards and inwards.  
Finally it stopped! There must have been about 3 feet of pole inside her,
  but that was impossible. It must surely only have felt like that?  
And then the pole moved, the other end being lowered to the floor and Jennifer
  found that her own body had to move with it. Her kneeling hips were the pivot
  on which it rotated and her torso was forced ever straighter, horizontal to
  the ground. It felt as though there truly was a pole running right through
  her body, and the pain that erupted in every part of Jennifer's torso was unbelievable
  as it shifted. William and Eleanore lifted Jennifer to her feet, and made her
  shift again as the pole was once more lowered. Eleanore took Jennifer's hands
  and once more bolted them together behind Jennifer's back. William made sure
  that her knees were locked straight as Jennifer found herself bent almost parallel
  to the ground and balanced only by the pole emerging from her backside.  
William went somewhere behind Jennifer, presumably making an adjustment to
  the pole-bearers' stances. Jennifer didn't want to know. Eleanore looked in
  their direction, and when she received some signal of affirmation she looked
  Jennifer in the eyes.  
"When you hear them shout, 'Now!' you should take a very deep breath. Otherwise
  this will be a lot more painful that it needs to be, and will have to be repeated.
  Understand?" Jennifer nodded, and Eleanore gave a thumbs-up to her brother
  William.  
"Now!" Jennifer did not need Eleanore's advice to take a breath. The swiftness
  with which the men raised the pole towards vertical was so shocking that she
  gasped inwards in surprise. Her gasp was cut off midway through, though, because
  suddenly she could the feel the pole forcing itself not only between her arsecheeks,
  but into the bottom of her throat as well. The only way she could accommodate
  it was to relax her oesophagus as much as possible, but her windpipe was crushed
  completely closed by the hideous shaft, and breathing was no longer possible.
  She tried to control the gagging reflex, but it was impossible with such a
  massive object blocking her throat. Her ring muscles fought impossibly against
  the weight of the pole, and her rectal ring muscles trying to expel the pole
  from the other end. Neither had any chance of success, and all that was possible
  was for Jennifer to slide down the pole.  
She discovered what the crane and the ladder were for. William was there,
  a rope attached to the crane in his hand. He was beside Jennifer's head, standing
  at the top of the ladder.  
Jennifer suddenly felt a pricking at the back of her mouth. The head of the
  pole! Her own weight would drive it right through her brain unless she tilted
  her head right back and opened her mouth as wide as she could. Survival instinct
  took over, and Jennifer threw back her head, sending her blonde hair tumbling
  down her back, and opened wide just in time for the pole to come through. William
  immediately wrapped the rope tightly around the neck of the pole, and the crane
  took the weight as Jennifer watched helplessly while the pole gradually emerged
  from her throat while being fed into her arse at the other end. It tasted,
  she noticed, of disinfectant. No chances were being taken there, then.  
By now, her lungs were aching. They needed new air to replace the old that
  was left over from her sharp intake of breath. It was impossible to hold her
  breath any longer, but there was no passageway for air to reach the lungs.
  Her chest was working as hard as it could to achieve the impossible, but her
  diaphragm and intercostals were no match for the implacable column on which
  Jennifer was now fully impaled, and down which she was slowly descending. Her
  legs had flailed wildly at the start, but now they just hung limply beside
  the pole.  

She realised that she had to do anything she could to smooth the pole's passage
  through her insides. She relaxed her throat and rectal muscles as far as she
  could, and she realised that if she could part her legs then she might be able
  to loosen further the passage at her rear. She had no choice but to spread
  her thighs as wide as she could, her lower legs hanging free. It must have
  looked like some grotesque attempt to display her sexuality to the crowd, but
  there was no other option for her. Her chest was ablaze, her arse was tearing,
  her throat was raw and she was feeling very, very faint. It grew hard to keep
  her legs aloft, and she began to sag...  
And there was the ground beneath her feet! She had reached the base of the
  pole and could tighten up her leg muscles, and try to take her own weight!  
The pole did not stop moving, but the sound indicated that the crane was
  now lifting it through her body. It made her feel very light on her feet until
  suddenly, just before she passed out completely, the base of the pole emerged
  from her mouth to rapturous applause from the gathered company. Jennifer sank
  to the sandy ground, aware that there was a slight trickle of blood from her
  anus. She couldn't curl into a ball, but lay with straight back, her limbs
  tucked up, like the skeleton of some long-dead beast that had died in its sleep.  
James Edward explained what had just happened. "As you can see, Jennifer
  has survived a complete impaling with only minor damage to her rectum. She
  survived a descent of around 2 minutes 40 seconds, if my stopwatch is accurate.
  What Doctor Brava has done, ladies and gentlemen, is to insert a titanium tube
  from the rectum to the base of the throat, through which may be safely passed
  just about any sufficiently clean object. It completely bypasses the digestive
  system, and Jennifer will never be able to take any form of sustenance by mouth
  again. The best she can hope for is a tube leading directly to her stomach,
  down which we can pour water and nutrients.  
"But enough about her. We have a second impalement to demonstrate! Welcome
  Adenike, the nurse who tried to help Jennifer escape."  
It was Joel and Francis who brought in the captive black woman. She was beautiful
  still, despite whatever had been done to her, with her dark hair cut at about
  shoulder-length and a slender body. Jennifer reckoned her at about 5'6". At
  first it seemed as though the girl walked proudly to her fate, but then it
  became clear that her arms were tied behind her back, each wrist to the opposite
  elbow, making the girl's impressive bust stand out even further.  
Eleanore made Jennifer kneel to watch the event. Adenike was forced to kneel
  over the wooden block, just as Jennifer had been. Joel forced the hapless nurse's
  face to the wooden boards while Francis performed the task that William had
  performed on Jennifer, but more brutally and much quicker, and without any
  lubrication. Then he and Joel swapped places so that Joel could also leave
  his seed within Adenike's shithole. Throughout the double anal rape, Jennifer
  watched the girl bucking and screaming as though her very life was being torn
  from her. Finally, the two men were finished. Jennifer looked across at the
  pole down which she had slid, but nobody seemed interested in it. Then she
  saw why: a much fatter steel stake, about six feet long, had been brought in
  instead. She gasped, and Eleanore laughed nastily.  
"What? You didn't think we'd waste precious resources keeping her alive,
  did you? When we said she would get the same as you, we meant that she would
  be impaled. We didn't mean she would survive it!"  
The pointed end of the stake was placed at Adenike's arsehole, and William
  lifted high over his head with a mallet to strike the end. Adenike screamed
  as the pole forced her anus open. Another hammer blow, and she screamed louder
  and more shrill. Jennifer could see that Adenike's anal ring had been split,
  and blood was already seeping from the wound. Adenike screamed and screamed
  without pause as William methodically hammered the metal pole into the woman's
  soft and helpless body. Soon enough the screams turned to gargling, croaking
  yelps. Adenike was almost dead, and long before the point burst from the base
  of the girl's throat, she had ceased to live, becoming just a piece of meat
  run through by a giant spit.  
Eleanore leaned close to Jennifer's ear:  
"That's going to be the main meal this evening!" she chortled, and laughed
  all the more as Jennifer retched at the thought.  
"Join us tomorrow, if you can, for a very different impalement of Jennifer!"  
Joel and Francis came with a stretcher to carry Jennifer back to her hospital
  bed, where she could await tomorrow with dread and the accompaniment of a video
  of Adenike's last minutes on Earth.  
Part 7: The Swing   
Jennifer was given most of the next day to rest, attached to her IV feed
  and lying immobile on the bed. The DeMoeiras had not bothered to tie her down
  any more: there was no point, since she could barely make a hobble, let alone
  a dash for it. With her toes permanently limp, her feet disfigured with metal
  plates under them, and her back rendered as rigidly straight as the proverbial
  poker, balancing was a huge problem and moving at any speed was simply out
  of the question. If she tried, Jennifer would be certain to fall flat on her
  face. The reason that she had been tied down before was to give her the minimum
  opportunity to guess what had been done to her before the demonstration of
  the survivable impaling.  
The sun was making its rapid descent towards the horizon when the DeMoeiras
  next came for her. Her IV tube was removed and she was once more escorted into
  the courtyard to face the gathered DeMoeira clan and any interested onlookers
  whom they had invited. She was being paraded like a circus animal night after
  night before the baying crowds uninterested in her as a performer, just in
  what could be forced upon her.  
The crane was the same, and the wooden block was there, the boards around
  it stained with a claret colour from the blood of Adenike who had died so horribly
  the day before. Jennifer did not need to be forced. She knew what she would
  be made to do, and that the DeMoeiras could make her suffer for a long time
  before the main event if she did not do it. Besides, she knew that she could
  take the pole in her behind, it had been proved yesterday. Far better to let
  her 3-minute slide be over quickly and then she could return to her bed.  
But this was a very different impalement. She had forgotten James Edward's
  promise to the watchers yesterday.  
The long pole on which she had been hoisted into the air was absent. Instead,
  Eleanore inspected her anus and declared it loose enough already, at which
  a much shorter pole, perhaps just 5 feet long, was brought in. It was more
  bullet-nosed at the top, and narrower than yesterday's pole. For a moment,
  Jennifer felt relieved, but then decided that this could only mean that they
  were going to use it to suspend her, and the obvious reason for that would
  be to roast her alive. She started to weep at the hideous cruelty of which
  her in-laws were capable.  
However, Jennifer was soon given cause for hope. P.L. carried onto the stage
  a length of medical tubing, and a water bag. They would hardly be giving her
  a drink if they intended to roast her, would they?  
As she was bent over the impalement block, she was gradually forced to swallow
  the tubing. She could feel it scratching its way down her oesophagus; the only
  way that P.L. could be sure that he was not going to be pouring the water straight
  through was to trace the side of her throat all the way down until he reached
  her stomach. At last, he had the pipe where he wanted it, and he undid the
  valve on the bag. Jennifer felt the cold water flowing through the piping down
  her throat, but it was a curious, unnerving sensation that, although she could
  tell it was happening, she could feel no wetness. She could also feel as the
  cold water started to collect in her stomach, which was pressed onto the top
  of the block. P.L. looked at Jennifer, who was quietly accepting all that was
  being done to her in the vain hope that it would soon be over.  
"I thought you would like to know," he said, "That there are four litres
  of water in here, and you are going to get all of it. Good luck!"  
The flow continued, and Jennifer was starting to feel horribly bloated already,
  though the bag was barely half-empty.  
"Your titanium tube rests very close to your stomach," P.L. commented, "I
  wonder what effect that will have when we stick you soon?"  
Jennifer whimpered as a bloated feeling turned to genuine tightness, and
  actual pain. Suddenly, the bag gave a gurgle and the water ran out, just as
  Jennifer was sure that any more would have killed her. She had no time to relax,
  though: already the blunt shaft was being pressed against the doorway to her
  back passage. She concentrated on releasing any tension in her anal ring as
  the rod was driven inwards.  
"Ow!" she said, as the stubby front end penetrated her rear defences, but
  it was not the agony of yesterday's brutal assaults that her voice conveyed,
  but a mere complaint of the sudden stress on her body. P.L. did not make her
  put her head to the floor this time, but had her on her hands and knees, more
  horizontal as the pole came through her innards. As her artificial channel
  was filled with the pole, which ratted a little inside her due to its smaller
  diameter, she felt it pressing and sloshing her stomach, which made her feel
  as if she was going to be sick. That would soon be impossible though.  
"Take a deep breath!" advised P.L., and she did. The pole quickly thundered
  through her throat, closing her windpipe just as the larger one had done, and
  she knew the posture to adopt as the shaft ploughed on and out of her mouth.
  There, it stopped, and she could not tell what was happening, only that something
  was being done behind her, at the bottom end of the pole. She hoped that they
  would hurry up, because already the air in her lungs was growing stale. Then
  suddenly there were four DeMoeira men in front of her, all with a grip on the
  pole.  
"Relax your bottom and neck, dear, or this will sting a bit!" advised one
  of the men. Jennifer did as she was told, and immediately the men ran backwards,
  ripping the pole through Jennifer's body at a great speed. No matter how relaxed
  she had been, there was no way that it would not cause friction heat to burn
  her rectum and oesophagus, and as soon as her airway was clear, her scream
  ripped through the air. However, it was not the shrill cry of earlier events.
  Her vocal chords had been seriously crushed and damaged by the impalings and
  only a hoarse screeching emerged from her pummelled larynx.  
Something else was affecting the noise. Jennifer now knew what had been done
  behind her. She had not noticed before the metal hoop at the base of the five-foot
  pole, but now that it was in front of her it was very clear. All the more so,
  because attached to it and running straight down Jennifer's neck was a shining
  metal chain.  
It had rattled into her arse as the pole had pulled through, but had not
  registered instantly because each link was much smaller than the width of the
  pole itself, and the friction of the pole's passing had triggered far more
  potent sensations in her abdomen and throat. As her behind began to recover,
  she was aware of the knobbly cold feeling of the chain links resting in her.  
The men who had pulled the pole right through her had now detached the chain
  from the pole, and were attaching it to something else: the hook that hung
  from the crane, whose head was now positioned directly above Jennifer's.  
The inevitable happened, and the crane began to reel in its cable and the
  chain attached to it. Jennifer had no alternative but to use her lips and tongue
  to protect her teeth from catching on the links of the chain as they were pulled
  through her mouth. But that meant that these fleshy parts of her buccal cavity
  took the hammering that came of the metal lumps racing through her mouth. She
  was starting to taste blood from them when a new assault registered: the chain
  had all but stopped, and a massive steely torpedo was clamped against her anus.
  The chain was pulling over her face, crushing against her nose, and now was
  making her tilt upwards as the crane's relentless hoisting continued. Her hands
  left contact with the ground, and Jennifer struggled to her feet, tripping
  on the wooden impaling block as she did so. Soon the force of the crane was
  working directly opposed to the force of Jennifer's weight, and so the metal
  dildo was being driven in by Jennifer's own body mass. It was an uneven struggle,
  and her anal ring was sure to lose. Again she screeched in pain as she was
  torn apart by the enormous device. She could tell that it was even fatter than
  the pole had been yesterday (which in turn meant that it would not go right
  through her, because the titanium tube had fitted perfectly yesterday's pole).
  She had no idea how long it was, but was extremely thankful when she found
  that a steel bar was attached across its base, providing a sort of swing seat
  for her backside. The torpedo was stretching her horribly inside, and she was
  unable to stop herself moaning continuously under its influence. With the chain
  running through her, the sound was strange and eerie, but the meaning was clear
  and obviously excited the audience.  
Jennifer's feet swung just a few centimetres above the ground when the crane
  came to a halt. Another metal pole appeared from somewhere, and this one had
  two prongs with threaded ends about a metre apart. To these they bolted Jennifer's
  feet and then used further chains to pull it up close to the swing seat bar
  and link the two. Jennifer's hands were bolted together behind her back. The
  crane lowered her a little, and she was disturbed by the way that the vibrations
  of the engine were transmitted so effectively down the chain, through her body
  and into the torpedo in her arse.  
She then discovered why she had been lowered a little: James Edward had called
  forwards five of the generals who were valued customers of their torture equipment
  industry.  
Jennifer's cunt had been squeezed by the huge object lodged in her rectum,
  and even the modest prick of the first general caused her to squeal as he roughly
  rammed into her. Adding to her discomfort was the fact that she was swinging
  freely on the chain, and as the man pushed into her, she would swing, the chain
  would rock in her throat and mouth, and make the dildo move as well. The general
  gripped her body as he approached climax, and spurted his semen into her, before
  making way for the second rapist.  
James Edward appeared to have a very good working knowledge of the intimate
  anatomy of his guests, for he had arranged these generals in order of increasing
  penis length and diameter. Jennifer wept as her over-full belly was rubbed
  by theirs, and their ever-larger cocks pummelled her, driving her seat on and
  off the evil pillar pressed within. Each one left his seed within her, glorying
  in his conquering of the helpless woman.  
The last man finished, and P.L. was there.  
"Please, not you as well!" begged Jennifer.  
"You're in luck! No. Not me. This." P.L. held up another metal shaft, even
  larger, it seemed to her eyes, than the one in her arse. Without another word,
  P.L. rammed the thing home, forcing it deep into Jennifer's tunnel, pushing
  its monstrous length right up to the hilt, forcing her pussy-lips wider than
  she had ever dreamed possible. A taut steel cable then linked the base of the
  dildo to either end of the bar on which Jennifer was sitting, to which was
  attached the weapon embedded in her behind. A flange of metal protruded from
  the dildo's base, covering Jennifer's clit, and its end had a small bump of
  metal that was now just gently brushing the erogenous tissue in its sheath.  
P.L. showed Jennifer something else. He had now in his hand two small electronic
  devices, each one about the size of a personal stereo.  
"These are radios, with very powerful amplifiers for their size. They fit
  just perfectly onto your swing seat here, and are designed to transmit all
  of their sound energy directly into the bar under your buttocks. We will be
  broadcasting continuously, and the batteries will last a lot longer than you
  are scheduled to be out here.  
"It will be most interesting to see how many times you cum during the night!"  
P.L. made short work of clamping the radios in place, and retreated, leaving
  a large bucket positioned beneath his victim. The sun was almost below the
  horizon by this time, and the arena was beginning to get cold. James Edward
  advised his guests that those who wished to could stay up to watch Jennifer's
  all-night ordeal, but the whole thing was being recorded digitally, and they
  would be able to watch at their leisure the official full-length version edited
  by the family experts. Therefore, they were welcome to adjourn to the viewing
  room or their accommodation, as they preferred.  
The grandstands emptied and Jennifer was left alone to dangle in the gathering
  night air, illuminated by the floodlights that had come on as soon as darkness
  approached. Her pussy and arse were filled with metal invaders, her throat
  and mouth were clogged with chain so that it was hard (but not impossible)
  to breathe, her arms were linked behind her back, her legs spread and pulled
  upwards. Her belly was uncomfortably full, and she had been given far too much
  water to drink. How could she suffer more?  
Then the radios started. They were working in perfect synchronisation, and
  the DeMoeiras had calculated the exact resonant frequency of the bar to which
  were now attached both dildos. It was subsonic, around the 15-20 Hertz range.
  The resonant vibrations easily overcame the damping effect of Jennifer's butt
  and were transmitted with ease along the bar and down the taut cable, into
  the steel that plugged Jennifer's dark holes. And it also set the flange, attached
  to the dildo in her pussy, vibrating in sympathy with the rest of the framework.
  Rubbing, churning, stimulating Jennifer's clitoris at over fifteen times a
  second. It was painfully hard against her button, but so welcome as well after
  two months without any form of stimulation for her clit.  
"Oh, no!" she wailed as she realised what had been done to her by the demonic
  brilliance of her torturers. The arousal was inescapable despite every discomfort
  and agony that she felt. Worse was the growing realisation that the water that
  had been deposited in her stomach was now being processed and her bladder was
  filling as her body decided that she had too much fluid already.  
The pleasurable sensations in her clit were transforming the vibrations in
  her rectum and vagina from punishment to arousal as well, and she was now receiving
  a mechanical double-fucking as never before. She did not want to cum while
  there would still be people watching live, but she could not help herself as
  the vibrations suddenly doubled in frequency. They were still resonant with
  the bar, and now were much more urgent and stimulating. It was too much, and
  tipped Jennifer over the edge.  
"Aah! Ah, ah aah!" she cried as the orgasm coursed through her suspended
  body. As the sensations surged through her body, she was no longer able to
  control herself, and she was shocked to feel her piss flooding from her body
  as she came. Even as her body rode the orgasm for all it was worth, the deepest
  sense of shame overtook her mind, and away in the viewing room the close-up
  camera on her face showed the flush of shame as well as joy that flooded her
  cheeks.  
Elsewhere, in the editing suite, William DeMoeira applauded himself in his
  deployment of the higher frequency. It was set to be random through the night,
  but he had thought that Jennifer might need an early orgasm to get her going.
  It's always easier the second time, was his thinking. He switched off the higher
  frequency, and put the control of the transmitter back on random switching.  
* * * * *  
In all, Jennifer orgasmed another five times during the night, and lost control
  of her bladder on another two of those occasions. She was kept from freezing
  by the heat from the floodlights, but the sweat that she had exuded during
  her excitement had made it a close-run thing in the end.  
P.L. removed the cable and the dildo from Jennifer's pussy, before enlisting
  the help of some other DeMoeiras to hoist Jennifer bodily from the dildo in
  her arse, which was somehow unbuckled from the chain, and then Jennifer was
  allowed to sink rapidly to the floor while the chain rattled upwards through
  her body and out of her mouth. Then they undid the nuts that held her feet
  to the second metal bar.  
Almost two litres of Jennifer's piss had been collected in the bucket, and
  this seemed to give one of James Edward's younger sons (aged eighteen) an idea.
  He went back to the building and came forth with a curiously-shaped glass that
  Jennifer recognised from her student days as being the "Yard of Ale". It was
  a favourite drinking challenge in many pubs. Holding anything from 3 to 5 pints,
  the drinker had to down the lot in one go. The special shape of the glass was
  a part of the challenge: only if a special technique was used could the task
  be done: otherwise, about half the original volume of liquid would suddenly
  surge down the glass and soak the drinker.  
Now, the DeMoeiras were challenging Jennifer to drink a yard of her own urine.
  To her chagrin, it was as if she had colluded in their idea: she had passed
  just enough urine to fill the glass tube neatly.  
The gathered spectators were armed with whips in case she tried to refuse
  the challenge, because she would need both her hands and her feet to be able
  to accept it. Jennifer looked at the ring of sadistic faces around her, and
  knew that they would love to lash her almost to death, if she did not accept
  the challenge. Feeling sick to her stomach, she took the glass of her piss
  in her hands and started slowly to pour the stuff down her throat. Of course,
  most of it went straight through the titanium tube and started to leak from
  her anus immediately, adding to her humiliation and degradation at the hands
  of her in-laws.  
Jennifer had never even attempted the Yard of Ale while at university, let
  alone mastered the technique. Pretty soon the inevitable happened, and her
  yellow pee rushed down the pipe and covered her face, hair and naked body.
  Laughter surrounded her on all sides, and she sank into a heap on the floor,
  noticing as she did so the pinkish tinge to the fluid still dripping from her
  backside.  
Hours later, after she had been hosed down and inspected by Doctor Brava,
  the verdict was given: "I don't think she can take another impaling tomorrow," said
  the doctor, "So I suggest we put her on the cross again."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebel Snowdrop


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





