BDSM Library - Picking and Choosing




Picking and Choosing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Poor benighted Peggy, just putty in the hands of a stranger who sees her potential and intends to make the most of it for his own selfish ends. This one has plenty of sex and violence, plus massive amounts of humiliation and degradation.
				    Picking and Choosing



					Chapter 1


	


	Picking up Peggy was a piece of cake; like all chubby, nearsighted girls
with poor hygiene, she was just dying to have any man pay any kind of attention
to her. Peggy was 22, lived with a girlfriend and worked as a clerk at the local
K-Mart. She wasn't a virgin; her stepfather had taken care of that little matter
when she was 16. He left a year or so later, and by then she was well broken in.
Her sex education continued with a number of teachers showing her new positions
and new things to do that were fun for them. At 18 she got pregnant and had an
abortion that left her insides screwed up so bad that it was now impossible for
her to have children. She compensated by gaining thirty-five pounds and letting
herself go to pot.

	 Despite her slovenly appearance there were still guys that didn't mind
sticking it in her if she didn't bug them afterwards. She even got some return
business, but those types always wanted something special, like her asshole, or
a threesome with another guy or girl. Peggy tried girls and found that they were
as good as guys and not as nasty. In fact she and her room mate sixty-nined a
couple of times a week, especially on weekends when they could spend half the
day in bed eating each other and using the family vibrator that they had jointly
purchased at an adult bookstore. They got ten bucks off because Peggy's
girlfriend gave the clerk some head.

	It's amazing what some women will tell a complete stranger once they get
a few drinks poured into them. All I did was listen, order drinks, nurse mine
and wonder if she'd be worth taking back to my place. Finally I made my move;
she was so easy it worried me. Peggy was a little unsteady on her feet, but the
cool air seemed to revive her as we walked the few blocks to my apartment.

	It only got better when I suggested that she strip down so I could check
out her body and see if she could get me hard enough to want to fuck her. I was
delighted when she shucked off her tent dress, reached back and unhooked her
bra, a K-Mart special in white, and got rid of her matching panties. She blinked
and cupped her big floppy tits and grinned. She had some muff growing between
her thick thighs.

	"Damn that's some kind of jungle you got growing there young lady," I
said with a leer.

	Peggy looked down at her thick patch of unruly pussy hair and nodded. "
I haven't clipped it in a couple of months. Ginny likes it this way. If you
want, maybe I'll trim it the next time you invite me over." I smiled at her
desperate plea for me to at least like her a little. This one was a keeper if
she worked out in the sack.

	"I'll tell you what; let's you and me take a shower and get nice and
squeaky clean. Then you can try to get my dick hard enough to fuck you. How does
that sound? If you're real good to me, I might even fuck you twice." Peggy acted
like she was a bobble head doll, nodding her head up and down with this
delighted little girl look on her face. My dick started to get hard as I looked
over her big, bare body and imagined it spread out on my bed.

	By the time we were done showering, my fully hardened cock was peeking
out from her hairy cunt as she played with the head while I squeezed her big
tits and felt her nipples hardening. We got out of the shower and started
kissing instead of toweling off. One thing led to another and before it was all
over she was bent at the waist, supporting herself on the edge of the tub while
I stroked my hard cock in and out of her hot, juicy cunt from the rear. It
didn't take long to fill her cunt with a huge load of hot nut cream and she
enjoyed every moment of the action.

	 " Oh no, please keep it inside me, maybe it'll get hard again." she
whispered, pumping her body back and forth to keep my dick imprisoned in her cum
filled cunt.

	 I laughed and gave her a couple of hard thrusts replying, "Now we need
another shower. This time no fooling around until we're in bed. Do you want to
call your girlfriend?"

	She giggled and said, " Does that mean you want me to stay over?"

	I slapped her flabby butt and growled, "No, that means I want to fuck
you all night and then kick your ass out long enough for you to drag it back to
your place and get ready to go to work. Maybe, if you're really good to me
tonight, I just might invite you  back for a rematch tomorrow night. But that
cunt better be showing itself if you do. You'll stand inspection and I will gig
you good if you don't meet my standards for fucking." I thought she was going to
wet herself she looked so blissed out. She gave me a mock salute and said, " Yes
sir!"

	I amused myself by trying to poke my rapidly stiffening cock into her
ear as she spoke to her girl friend. Peggy couldn't control the giggles that
bubbled up everytime my cock nudged against her face.

	" He's being nasty to poor little me. Yes, nasty! He keeps poking his
thing in my ear and bouncing it off my face...Yes...I'm not kidding,
honest!...How big is it? God, from here it's huge...Yes we've already done
it..In the bathroom after we got done showering....Yeah, then we had to shower
again.....He's gonna do me all night he says.....I don't believe him...You know
how men are, all talk and then they roll over and go to sleep soon as they've
had their fun....Yes, inconsiderate."

	I reached down and pinched one of her fat nipples bringing a yelp from
her.

	"Now he's being nasty again; he just pinched my nipple and it's
hurting...Yes, he better kiss it and make it better......Oh wow!..He's sucking
it real hard....Ouch, that hurt!"

	Peggy looked up at me with a shy grin and said, " Ginny wants to know if
she can come over and kinda help us out in case we get bored doing it too much."

	I shook my head and made a sign for her to hang up the phone. It was
getting to be fucking time again. She pursed her lips and ended her call.

	"He's hot to fuck me. You know me, always ready for any kind of fun that
involves getting filled up with lots of cum. Maybe we can do things together
later on in the week after he gets done fucking me to a frazzle."

	We got into bed and she proved to be a very passive partner. I fucked
and she moaned; I fucked and she groaned. After about a half dozen cycles of her
moaning and groaning, I came and she moaned and groaned some more, whispering
for me to please stay inside her cunt. We kissed awhile and then I started to
check out her tits. Peggy just lay there and sighed. I suggested she start
getting me ready for another round, so she rolled on her side, snuggled her big
ass against my belly and started to grind away on my semi-stiff cock, while I
squeezed her tits like I was doing some kind of exercise for my hands.

	When my dick started bumping against her ass crack, she opened her legs
enough for it to worm its way through those thick thighs. She began rubbing the
head of my cock with her palm and that little move had the desired effect; I was
ready to do her one more time. By the time I was done painting the walls of her
cunt with a second coating of cum, Peggy was ready for a nice long nap. I sort
of laughed about that as it seemed that we men were always being blamed for
nodding off after we came. I knew for a fact that Peggy had not managed to get
even near having one of those big Os the girls were always whispering about to
each other.

	I'd had the presence of mind to set the alarm so that my bedmate could
get herself up and out. A gentleman might have offered his lady a lift to her
apartment, but Peggy's peformance last night did not merit that kind of
response. I did however let her use the phone to call a cab, but remained in
bed, refusing to even acknowledge her existence as she dressed and prepared to
leave. At the very last moment I poked my head up from the covers and said I
might be showing up at the place we met last night. I could see her face light
up with hope when I added that she ought to wear some sexy underwear just in
case we decided to have a return engagement.

	I waited until nearly midnight before dropping in to the neighborhood
bar where we had met. At first I didn't see her, but after ordering a drink I
noticed her seated in a booth with this older guy. A couple of minutes later the
guy came up and ordered another round of drinks.

	"Make hers a double again, and go light on mine. I think we'll be
leaving shortly. This one ought to put me over the top."

	The bartender grinned and replied, "This one really likes her booze. You
sure she'll be able to walk, let alone fuck?" I joined in the laughter, downed
my shot and headed out, leaving Peggy to fend off her friend as best she could.




					Chapter 2



	The next night I was in my apartment watching one of my favorite porn
stars take one guy up her ass, another guy in her cunt while she hoovered away
on the third stud who looked sort of bored by the whole thing. That's the
trouble with porn these days; the talent is so damned tired of doing the same
old things with the same old people, that their minds wander. Thanks to the
miracle drugs that modern science has produced, the guys no longer have to worry
too much about keeping it up during the many long breaks that occur. Couple this
with the fact that most of the bimbos doing this stuff are faking it and you
have a recipe for boring porn.

	My little critique of the porn industry was interrupted by the phone. It
was kind of late for the telemarketers, so I took a chance and picked up. "Bad
choice", I said to myself when Peggy's voice started scratching at my ear. I
kept quiet and let her ramble on for a minute or so before letting her have it
right between her beady little eyes.

	"What the fuck are you pissing and moaning about?....I did
what?.....Really?.... OK you dumb cunt here's what actually happened. You were
so pissed that you didn't even see me come in. I guess the old guy you were with
had been pouring drinks down you for a while because you had no fucking idea
where you were. Being the perfect gentleman that I am, I decided to wait around
and see whether you could untangle yourself from your new friend."

	"I figured you had other plans when he came up to the bar and ordered
another double for you, saying that you were in the bag and he would be taking
you away with him real soon. At that point I bailed out. Now here I am listening
to you trying to make it sound like I'm the bad guy. If we were face to face
right now you'd be on the floor wondering what hit you. You call me again and I
will find out where you live and when you least expect it, I'll come over and
beat you bloody."

	I slammed the phone down and went back to watching the porn flick. The
studs were all jerking off, trying to shoot their cum into the bimbo's face. She
really looked bored at this point, and who could blame her? It was quite some
time before the trio managed to get off. There are drugs to get them hard, but
unfortunately there are none to get them off. I have always wondered why the
moron directing the shoot wouldn't just edit all the wasted motion away, but
that would require more intelligence than most of these idiots had.

	Just for giggles I dropped in on the same bar the next night. Perhaps it
was more than that, my pride had taken a hit that left me feeling unexpectedly
vulnerable. I was itching for revenge on Peggy, or Piggy, as I now began
thinking of her. Who should be sitting up front than the old guy who had nailed
her from right underneath me. I supressed my feelings about wanting to jam his
head up his ass and instead slid into the seat next to him and offered to buy
him a drink. He got that funny look on his face that said "queer alert" and I
laughed and told him to relax, I wasn't after his ass, just some information
about the bimbo he was with the other night.

	We proceeded to get along famously as long as I fed him drinks. It took
three of them to get the full story and it was a doozy. I didn't know whether or
not to believe him, but it sounded like the kind of strange shit that Peggy or
Piggy might pull. He said she was pretty far gone, but by the time he got her
over to his place she started getting frisky. He told me he was kind of
surprised when he got her dress off and saw the underwear she had on.

	"That really got me hard in a hurry. Here she was, a big woman wearing
see-thru bikinis and a matching bra that did nothing to support her big tits,
but sure showed off how meaty they were. Then to make it even freakier she had a
shaved pussy. I was goner by then. I couldn't wait to get my cock into that
fat-lipped snatch that was juicing like crazy and staining the crotch of those
bikinis."

	He took a break to finish his first drink and let me buy another round.
As soon as the second drink was sitting in front of him, he continued his tale.

	"She went off like a bomb when I stuck it into her and I just took it
easy and let her do all the work, even though she was underneath. All I did was
fool with those big tits and see how much I could stretch those fat nipples
while she fucked away like there was no tomorrow. Then she looks like somebody
goosed her and starts quivering. I thought the crazy cunt was having a fit or
something; then she lets out this scream and nearly tosses me off. I got my hand
over her mouth to stop the neighbors from thinking that there was a murder being
committed next door. She almost bit my hand she was shaking so much. I gave her
a slap across the side of her head and that quieted her down."

	I just sat there and sipped while he continued to describe his night of
"passion" with  Peggy. He claimed that later she told him she had had a huge
orgasm. He shrugged it off as just female bull shit, since he hadn't put much
energy into fucking her that first time. He certainly didn't object to her going
down on him and trying to get his cock hard enough for another round.

	"She wasn't very good at sucking dick, but I didn't care too much
because I was getting tired, and all I had to do was lay back and look at the
ceiling while she slobbered all over my cock and kept kissing the head like it
was some long lost friend. After a time she put some starch into it and asked me
if it would be alright if she got on top this time. I explained that I was kind
of tired from doing it the first time, but if she wanted to do all the work, I'd
be OK with that."

	The guy should have been a fight announcer. I got a detailed blow by
blow account of every move she made including all the noises that came out of
her and the fact that he started chewing on those big tits until they were
covered with teeth marks. He didn't think much of her fucking technique, but
what she lacked in finesse she made up for in enthusiasm. This was one lively
lady and he sure was glad that he wasn't the one having to do any of the heavy
lifting. I had to chuckle when he described her as a giant fuck robot, one of
those creatures from a Japanese sex cartoon. It was time for another round and a
fast trip to the head to relieve the pressure on our bladders. I couldn't help
noticing that he wasn't exactly the John Holmes type; I probably had him by at
least three inches in length.

	I ordered another round and told him in a diplomatic way to cut to the
chase on his wild evening. That's whenI got my surprise.

	"Everything is going fine, I'm even thinking I'm gonna get off in a
minute or two and then she starts bawling. I am now being forced to listen to
this dumb cunt babbling about some guy who stood her up, and she's crazy about
him, and she's just fucking me to get even with him, and on and on and on. My
dick started to shrivel up lke someone stuck it in a freezer. I finally rolled
off this broad and told her to get the fuck out of my apartment and never show
up at my bar again."

	"You talk about a neurotic cunt, this one was just asking for it. I'm a
nice guy, she could have let some pervert pick her up and maybe cut off her tits
or something weird like that. I told she was a lucky girl and to stay out of
bars because she couldn't handle her liquor. The next thing I know she picks up
her underwear, shoves it in her purse, puts on her dress and cuts out. I hope I
never see her again, she's too weird for me."

	I just sat there digesting what he'd said for the past hour or so. Peggy
was starting to get interesting;  this one did have some potential after all. I
began to wonder if I'd blown it with her. All I could do was wait and see if she
called again. If she did I was ready to hook my big fish and get her into the
boat.




					Chapter 3


	Women can be so predictable at times. I wasn't home for more than twenty
minutes when the phone rang. I was not too surprised to pick up and hear Ginny,
her roommate, on the other end. She filled my ears with a bunch of nonsense with
how torn up Peggy was about what had happened the other night. I let her go on
for a minute or so before I closed the deal.

	 "You tell your pudgy little friend that she has exactly one chance to
make things right. I want her sorry ass over at my place tomorrow night at seven
sharp; I'm sure she knows the address. Tell her I want her to be wearing that
sexy underwear my buddy Ralph tells me she had on the night he fucked her. Make
sure to tell her that she better have been wearing it all day, because that is
the first thing I'll be checking. Oh, one other thing, don't be too shocked if
you don't see her for the rest  of the weekend." Before she could say anything
else, I hung up.

	Promptly at seven the next evening there was a timid knock at my door. I
was watching a new porn flick featuring this nineteen year old fuck maniac with
two guys up her asshole at the same time while she moaned and urged them to
stretch her good. I put the tape on hold and answered the door. Surprise,
surprise, there she was, my little bundle of insecurity wrapped up in all her
fleshy glory. I bowed and crooked my finger, all the while keeping a straight
face that I knew was making her feel like wetting her panties.

	 She crossed the threshold like it was a mine field. As soon as she got
inside, I slammed the door shut and gave her a shove. She stumbled and almost
fell. I grabbed her by the shoulder and marched her to the couch and pushed her
down. She looked like she was gonna take a dump in her drawers, just what I was
hoping for. I leaned to within a few inches of her and spit right into her
sweaty face. She burst into tears on cue and I gave her a whack across the side
of her head to get her attention.

	"Listen you fat, worthless piece of shit, I should punch your fucking
lights out for two timing me with that old guy! He told me all about it. He said
you were a dead fuck and he finally tossed you out on your ass when you started
acting even more stupid than you are. He also told me about your see-thru
underwear and that freshly shaved cunt you were sporting. I was curious to see
what you looked like so I want you to model it for me while I watch some porn
and try to figure out if you're worth the energy to fuck."

	By now she was trembling and the tears were flowing full on. I feinted a
backhand, and she cringed, sobbing and pleading for me not to hurt her. I gave
her another love tap to the head, rocking her back against the couch.

	"Get up you miserable excuse for a cunt, and strip down so I can see
what got Ralph all hot and bothered enough to want to get into the same bed with
you."

	I turned the porn tape back on and watched those guys ruin this teen's
asshole while Peggy wiggled out of her dress to reveal her flabby body. All she
now wore was a pair of sheer bikini panties with a crotch that was soaked with
mystery moisture, that I guessed to be two parts pussy juice, one part pussy
cream, one part piss and three parts cunt sweat. I could smell her stink from
where I sat, it made my dick get hard. Her big tits were stretching the flimsy
bra to its limit and the stiff nipples looked as if they were about to poke
holes in the sheer fabric any second. For a minute I imagined me and Ralph
double fucking her tight asshole while she screamed her head off and begged us
for mercy.

	I homed in on her shaved cunt that was wrapped tightly in the soaked
material of those bikinis. Her cunt lips were bloated and harsh-looking, with a
blood red color that sort of excited me. She was a skank, but a skank in the
apartment is worth twenty porn stars on tape, believe me, I know.

	By the time I looked back at the tape the trio of frantic fuckers had
disappeared to be replaced by some vacant faced teen telling the director that
she was having a blast getting her asshole fucked by all these hot studs and the
money was sure great. This one would go far soon as she got a decent boob job
and lost the love handles.	

	Once more I focused on browbeating Peggy. This was fun if you are into
pulling the wings off flies, one of my favorite activities when I was a kid.
Peggy was going to go through hell for the rest of this weekend. I sure hoped
she could last considering all the nasty, ugly things that I wanted to do to
this big dumbbell.

	I went into my drill instructor mode, to make sure that I had broken her
down to the lowest common denominator. She jumped a foot when I started yelling
and cursing at her, calling her everything from a stupid whore to a worthless
pig, and not missing much in between. She acted like my words were body punches,
which made me very, very happy.

	"I really don't know why I am letting you stink up my apartment with
your smelly underwear. Take off those bikins and stuff them in your mouth, and
be quick about it. That ought to kill two birds with one stone, no more noise
out of you and no more stink from those piss soaked panties."

	 It was hilarious to watch her turn into a helpless automaton. I
couldn't help remembering Ralph's description of her, a fuck robot, it was
perfect. That is what I wanted her to become, my own personal fuck robot. Her
bra joined the bikinis in her mouth and she now looked like a chipmunk who had
found the mother load of acorns.

	I ordered her to start sucking them clean, warning Peggy it would go
badly for her if when I inspected them they weren't spotless. I had to stiffle a
laugh as I watched her jaws move and her cheeks hollow as she started making
like one of those washing machines in the local laundromat. This was going to be
a fun evening.

	Playing with Peggy's mind was no challenge at all; she believed
everything I said, no matter how outrageous. I had her kneel next to my couch
like a dog. I rubbed her tits and tweaked the nipples, making her jump everytime
I nipped them. By now the flat chested cunt with the love handles was on her
hands and knees while one guy used his cock to ream out her asshole and the
other one tried to get her to swallow every inch of his thick prick, causing her
to choke and gasp and slobber huge amounts of drool over his joint. Then they
switched and the dick that had just been up her shitter was now going down her
throat. I watched Peggy's reaction to what was happening. She looked kind of
dazed, but that meant nothing considering how stupid she appeared to be. I
couldn't resist ragging her.

	"Ralph told me you offered up your asshole as a way of getting even with
me, but he declined with thanks. Well, you'll have to pay a big penalty for that
one. Stop shaking your head you miserable cunt! That's what he said, why would
he lie? Any more nonsense from you and I'll stick my foot so far up your ass
it'll come out of your stupid mouth. Now watch the fucking movie, maybe you'll
learn something about being at least an average fuck"

	I leaned back and decided to play with my dick to tease her. Her eyes
got big and her jaws chomped down hard on the undies filling her mouth. I jacked
my dick slowly, letting it get full hard. I grinned at her and started in on
bringing her further down than she already was.

	"Like the movie? I'll bet you'd like my cock going up your asshole,
wouldn't you? If you're a real good doggy I'll maybe let you have a small taste
of it before I hurt you for standing me up and cheating on me with Ralph. By the
way, Ralph and I are asshole buddies now. Maybe I'll have him over tomorrow
night so he can tear off a piece of what's left of you after I spend all day
grudge fucking your fat ass."

	The look on her stupid face was priceless. I really had to control
myself. Between the porn and all that naked flesh she was showing, I was getting
very close to shooting off a load. I debated on whether to make her get closer
so I could blast it all over her face and maybe get some in her eyes. I know
that would sting a bit.  




					Picking and Choosing


					    Chapter 4


	I killed the tape right after the two guys finished covering the tit
challenged blonde with two huge loads of hot cum. She looked like a glazed donut
and they continued to rub their dicks all around the mess on her face making
sure it got everywhere including her hair. Brain dead was in some kind of a
trance, her face as vacant as all that space in her head. I'll give her credit
for continuing to chew away at what used to be her sexy underwear. I wondered
what it tasted like by now? Maybe I'll ask her while I'm doing her asshole; it
might take her mind off that horse liniment packed up her shitter. I'll bet the
dumb cunt will think I'm being a gentleman when I roll that heavy walled rubber
on my cock before I squeeze tha fiery gunk up her asshole.

	It looked like it was time for my speech that would seal the deal. I'd
been making this speech in my head for the last two years, but I never got a
chance to use it because I never met any broad who was as fucked up as Peggy the
pig fucker. I had decided that this would be her name from now on. Without
further ado I launched into my spiel, promising her fame and fortune if she
placed her trust, not to mention her ass into my hands.

	"I'm about to offer you a choice that will change your miserable life if
you accept it. Take a look at yourself, here you are naked with your mouth
filled with your underwear, kneeling in the apartment of a guy you hardly know.
Take the deal I am going to offer you, and you'll be farting through silk within
six months. It will be real easy, I'll tell you what to do, and you'll do it. I
don't want you to think that you are going to become my girl friend, the
realationship is much bigger than that. Don't worry I'll be fucking you every
chance I get, trust me on that one. Look upon my role as your life manager or
better still, your mentor, guiding you to  the path that will lead ultimately to
your happiness and a much improved sense of self-worth."

	At this point I was almost gagging from the bullshit that was dripping
from my mouth. Peggy on the other hand had a dazed look on her kisser and
appeared to be hanging on every word. This was going to be a slam dunk.

	"What I am going to initially provide is a dose of strict discipline
that will allow you to focus on those things necessary to achieve your goal. Let
me give you an example of the type of discipline regime you will be under.
Starting the moment you commit to this program you will be expected to "present"
yourself to me and my associates whenever you enter this apartment. As soon as
you cross the threshold, you will remove all your clothing in less than a
minute, and stack it neatly in the container that will be provided. You will
then squat with your hands behind your neck and spread your thighs to totally
expose your cunt to view. To make sure that this is the case, you will thrust it
in my directin for as long as it takes to make me nod my head. Failure to meet
the time requirements or properly perform the presentation movements will result
in you being gigged."

	Peggy still had that vacant stare, and I wondered if she had nodded off
with her eyes open; people with her limited intellect were capable of doing
this. I bent down and took her heavy jugs in the palms of my hands and jiggled
them, checking for a reaction. Her face flushed and her nipples stiffened,
letting me know that I was still in control of the situation. I decided to press
my luck further by describing what constituted a gig and some of the gory
details associated with taking a gig or probably in her case, gigs.

	"Let me talk to you about what a gig is. You may have heard the word
used to describe a job for a musician; this is not the only meaning of the word.
The gig I am talking about is the penalty you will pay for failing to follow the
rules that I have listed. During this weekend when you are not being grudge
fucked or punished in some other way for your betrayal of my trust by fucking
Ralph, you will have time to commit the rules to memory. From that point on
there can be no excuse for your failure to follow them."

	All the time I was speaking, my hands were playing with her tits,
rolling the nipples between my thumb and forefinger, squeezing them for emphasis
and yanking the nipples when I reminded her of that little escapade with Ralph.
I could smell the cunt cream oozing from her cunt and wondered if it might stain
the carpet, then laughed because I would just make her suck it out of the
carpet, her ass in the air so I could ream it out while she did her chore. I
took a deep breath and went into the last portion of my spiel.

	"A gig will get you the following punishment. You will receive one swat
across your fat ass with my wooden fraternity paddle. You will then take two of
the best from my strap right across those big sagging tits. Finally you will get
one swat with a special paddle designed and built for use on the cunt. It is so
powerful that the maker warned me that I should only use the paddle once evey
fifteen minutes. Failure to observe this recommendation is likely to cause the
type of swelling that will prevent the cunt from being fucked for a period of at
least twelve hours. I would like to see whether or not this warning is valid in
your case. It's likely we'll both find out sooner than later."

	Peggy was really into things at this point. Her cunt was drooling pussy
cream, and there was a big stain forming between her spread thighs. I also noted
that those flabby thighs were beginning to shake from the strain of holding her
big body in that squat position.The perverted part of me decided that if she
toppled over or staightened up she would get her first gig. I decided to let her
in on some of my plans for her future.

	"Your cunt is the key to your future. It will become a tremendous
money-making machine once your big body has been reshaped and toned. You will
never be like those slinky porn stars that make the huge bucks, but you will be
able to contend with those on the B-list. However unlike them, you will have me
as both mentor and manager, giving you a terrific edge. Reshaping your body will
be a major challenge. You are young and I believe capable of surviving the
rigors that must be endured to whittle the nearly twenty-five pounds, that I
deem necessary, from your body. I will be there at every step. There may be
times when you must exist on only my cum and piss which will be fed to you in
love and hope that it will sustain you in your trial."

	I couldn't resist patting Peggy on the head as I spoke those lies to
her. To my amazement her eyes were no longer dull and vacant, and of even more
importance the cunt cream was now pouring from that fat lipped twat as she
moaned through the sodden mess of cloth still secured within her mouth. At this
point she toppled over and I gave her my best shit-eating grin as I announced
her first gig. Before the weekend was over there would be many more added to the
list.

	"For your information Saturday is gig day.  If you nod your head meaning
that you are willing to become my pupil and do as I tell you, tomorrow you will
receive the first taste of the paddles and my strap. If you aren't careful there
may be a full meal for you to digest."

	Peggy was nodding her head like she was some kind of huge bobblehead
doll. The deal was sealed; little did Peggy the fuck pig realize what it meant
for her. It would be equal parts of humiliation, degradation and pain, all
delivered by me and a number of others who had yet to be detemined. On my short
list there were Ginny, the fuck pig's rooommate, and Ralph, the guy she'd let
fuck her the other night. I hoped to add a few members of the porn world who
would need some access to my budding starlet in exchange for their assistance,
plus a plastic surgeon, one skilled in boob jobs. It was going to be a very
enjoyable period for me, them and who knows, perhaps brain dead as well.




					Chapter 5


	
	My first official act as her mentor/manager was to make her clean up the
mess she had just dribbled all over my carpet. I couldn't reist spanking that
big ass as she leaned over and sucked up all that mess plus the last two months
of accumulated dirt and whatever from the well worn floor covering. Once I had
her big ass covered with prints of my palm, it only seemed reasonable to nail
that brown eye that was now winking at me from between those crimson cheeks. She
grunted as I worked my well-lubed hard dick into her asshole, but kept on
sucking up and swallowing everything she could get from the filthy carpeting.

	Peggy had a nice tight asshole, a pleasant surprise. It fitted me like a
glove and I enjoyed exploring every inch of her anal cavity, moving my rod from
side to side and seeing how deep I could thrust. I let her grunts and sighs
guide me on my exploration of her dark passage way. It didn't take long for that
hot suctioning tube to get me off, and I flooded her bowels with the first of
what might ultimately total hundreds of loads of hot cum, if all went as I
planned.

	I reached around, taking those big soft tit cushions in my hands and
began jerking and squeezing them as hard as I could while she kept cleaning up
the mess and my cum bubbled from her gaping asshole. "Having a good time?" I
asked, yanking on those knockers until she gasped in pain. She whimpered and I
rewarded her with a vicious slap across her ass, as I asked, "What kind of an
answer is that, you dumb cunt! You just earned another gig. Now get finished
with that little clean up and get busy on removing all the shit and other stuff
that dirty ass of yours got all over my cock."

	A short time later I was stretched out on the couch watching my dick
disappear and reappear from her mouth as she licked and smooched every inch of
my shit stained poker. I reached down and tousled her hair, like she was some
kind of pet. "When you're done getting me nice and clean I want you to give me
all the gory details about how you lost your cherry. I don't want you to skip
over any of the good parts either. If I think you're making stuff up or letting
stuff slide it's another gig for you."

	To make things more interesting and entertaining I made her squat beside
me and play with her shaved cunt as she told me her sad story. I told her that
if she came before her story was over she'd get another gig. On the other hand
if she didn't cum, then she'd get two gigs. I could see the wheels turning in
her tiny mind as she tried to figure that one out. Peggy, or piggy, took a deep
breath and began her tale of domination and degradation.

	According to Peggy, at sixteen she was pretty hot and had plenty of guys
trying to get into her pants, but managed to vend them off. Her real father had
split a year previously and mom had a series of live-in boyfriends who kept her
busy in the bedroom. Then Louis arrived and ruled the roost for amost a year. At
first he ignored her, concentrating of keeping mom very well screwed, just like
the others. With the passage of time it became very apparent that his hold over
her mom was a lot stronger than any of the others. Then he started to branch out
and homed in on her.

	At first she was sort of flattered to get some attention. All the others
had seemed to have one track minds that ended in her mom's hot cunt; this one
was a bit different. She started flirting with him, walking around in her
underwear to give him a good look at her budding breasts and flat stomach, not
to mention her great ass. She knew it was great because the boys at school were
always patting and grabbing it.

	Then one evening Louis and her mom came home very late and started
fooling around out in the living room. Peggy awoke and walked in on them. Louis
was pounding mom with his large cock, the biggest she'd ever seen. Instead of
being embarrassed, he gave her a big grin and went back to nailing mom good.
Peggy returned to her room and masturbated until she fell asleep. That night she
dreamt that it was she that Louis was nailing on the couch. When she woke up
there was a wet spot on the sheet where her cunt cream had collected as it oozed
out during the night.

	I had to hand it to piggy, she told a pretty hot story. My dick was
getting hard and she couldn't keep her eyes off it. I told her to mind her
business and keep talking or I'd belt her a good one. She went back to her
story.

	Nothing happened for about a week, although Peggy went out of her way to
display her tight teen body in a variety of revealing outfits that culminated in
her modeling a new bikini bathing suit for him. That night he and her mom went
out and didn't get back to early in the morning. She was sound asleep when she
was awakened by his hand on her pussy, rubbing it through her panties. He had
already hiked up her pajama top.

	She tried to get up, but he held her down and whispered that her mom was
out like a light and he had come to fuck her. He told her he was tired of her
teasing and it was time to put out or he'd let her mom know what she was up to.
Before Peggy could make up her mind he was on her and she got it good, not once,
but twice before he finally rolled off telling her she was a pretty good fuck
and he wanted more of her pussy as soon as the coast was clear. She was sore,
frightened and at the same time turned on by the fact that he thought she was a
pretty good fuck. She had been a virgin before he did her.

	Piggy was really going to town on her dripping twat. I could smell the
pussy juice from here. I stroked my cock to make it good and hard and debated
whether to fuck her ass again, have her blow me or listen to more of her story.
I compromised and let her continue her story while I fucked her in the ass once
more. She had a nice asshole; it seemed to be a perfect fit for my cock. That
was a very good sign since I was planning on fucking her in the ass all day
tomorrow, except when I was giving her chubby body a good going over with my
strap, paddle and anything else that might do the job of making her understand
that I was the man in charge of her sorry ass until she either shaped up or I
got rid of her.

	Peggy and Louis managed to get together about two or three times a week
and it was great! He put the wood to her with a lot of enthusiasm, told her she
was a real hot chick and taught her how to give him a good blowjob. Then he took
her anal cherry as well one weekend when her mom was out of town visiting a
friend. She didn't enjoy being fucked in the ass for some time, but since he
liked doing her that way, she finally learned how to handle that kind of action.
From then on he used her asshole most of the time since it was safer as far as
keeping her from getting knocked up and he liked the way it wrapped itself
around his big dick.

	 I could believe piggy's comment based on how her shit chute was
handling my hunk of fuck meat. This stupid cunt had a great fucking asshole!
That was something special, and she was too dumb to appreciate it. Visions of
her becoming more than just a grade B porn star began to percolate in my active
imagination. I knew a guy who knew a guy who was making amateur porn and even at
her current weight she would probably do alright in his stuff. Let's face it,
the number of amateurs who do anal regularly are few and far between. Combine
her anal talent with those big floppy tits and she had the potential to become
fairly big in the amateur market. This would lead to bigger and better things
once I whittled about twenty-five pounds off her.

	Peggy continued with her tale of betrayal. Mom got wise to the fact that
Louis was laying pipe somewhere else and she got suspicious that the somewhere
else was in the same apartment as she was. One afternoon she caught them in the
act, walking in on them while he was buried to the hilt in her asshole. He split
the next day and mom proceeded to beat the hell out of her little home wrecker.
She had no place to go, so Peggy had to stay and take whatever mom dished out,
and it was plentiful, very nasty and lasted for a couple of months.

	The girl had bruises on her ass and tits for those couple of months; her
mom kept them fresh by regular beatings that took place at least once a week. At
home Peggy was not allowed to wear clothing, another little punishment dreamed
up by her totally pissed off mother. Mom also started to force her daughter to
masturbate every couple of days, making the argument that the girl was so
oversexed that she needed to relieve her urges, and this was a much better way
to do it than go out and have sex with some guy who might get her pregnant.

	If I hadn't been so distracted by the way piggy's asshole was massaging
my imprisoned cock, I would have realized sooner that she was not giving me the
whole story. However it wasn't until I dropped my load deep inside her shitter
that it dawned on me that I was being conned by this dumb cunt.

	I had a hunch that there was more to this than I was getting. It didn't
play right; mom evidently could get all the cock she needed. So why didn't she
just kick piggy out and bring in another stud to scratch her itches. Why waste
all this time disciplining the kid? Then there was the masturbation thing, that
was too strange to believe.

	Then it hit me; maybe mom was making piggy go down on her! That would
kill two birds with one stone; piggy would be humiliated beyond belief and mom
would have someone to relieve her sexual tensions until she got over what had
happened between piggy and Louis. I let piggy ramble on for another minute or so
before I confronted her with my theory.

	By the time I got around to playing some games with her, she was once
more in the squatting position, thighs spread to show her fat-lipped, shaved
cunt, hands behind her neck and her ass cheeks tightly clenched to avoid getting
any of the soupy mess that filled her rectum onto my carpet.

	"Let's see, so far you have two gigs, and at the rate you're going it
will soon be four, especially now that you can't play with that nasty gash
between your legs anymore. Now you are feeding me a line of bullshit about how
your mom made you play with your pussy. I don't believe a word of it! So now
you're up to three gigs and counting. Now I want to hear the truth, all of it!
I'm going to count to ten and if you don't start telling me what really happened
between you and dear old mom it's a gig every ten seconds until you have a grand
total of ten. At that point you and I are parting company for good. Make up
you're mind; what is it going to be?"

	Piggy made a pathetic sight, her eyes blinking uncontrollably as her dim
bulb of a brain tried to figure a way out of the trouble her mouth had gotten
her into. The way her breathing pattern had changed told me I was right about
things. I announced she had just gotten another gig, number four. She was
literally sweating as she struggled to come up with an answer for me. I
announced gig five and her face got red with embarrassment. I knew the dam was
about to break, and I could hardly wait to make the most of it. Right after I
said "six and counting" she started to blubber. I reached over and gave her a
backhand across her teary face. "It's now or never, tell me about how you and
mom made it with each other, and don't skip any of the good stuff." It was then
that she puked all over my fucking carpet!


					(To be continued) 




					Picking and Choosing


					     Chapter 6


	My initial reaction to what piggy just did was a move toward her in
order to bash her head in.  Halfway there I made a very smart decision and
pulled in my horns. From the looks of things she was so busy having a
semi-nervous breakdown, that any physical move on my part would have been
wasted. On top of that I really wasn't into pulling the wings off flies, even
though I tried to project that kind of personality when it was to my advantage.
This was definitely not the time to be heavy-handed. Poor piggy was probably so
fragile at this moment that even a frown might send her off the cliff. So, nice
guy that I am, I merely waited patiently for her to realize that I hadn't busted
her head open or tried to cram it down the toilet.

	When she finally got the nerve to look up at me, all I did was shake my
head and sigh, bringing a look of surprise to her pudgy, tear-stained face. She
was a sight, with a mixture of tears and vomit dripping off her face and landing
on those big soft tits. I made my move and let her know I was pissed off at what
she had just done, and was going to take a walk to calm down before we had a
nice long chat about what I would do to her tomorrow to even things up. I warned
her that if she hadn't cleaned up the mess she made or decided to take a powder,
things between us were finished forever. Before she could say anything in return
I was out the door.

	My good buddy, Ralph, was sitting at his usual place in the bar, a half
empty glass before him. I gave him the high sign, ordered a drink and told the
bartender to give him another of whatever he was drinking. We took our drinks
back to a booth so we could talk seriously about certain things such as piggy
and what I planned to do to and for her, hopefully with his help.

	Ralph really liked the idea of having a chance to get into Peggy's
asshole, especially when I described how exceptional it was. I let him in on my
idea to start piggy off in amateur fuck films and then move her up to mainline
stuff once I'd trimmed most of the fat off her. I explained that although she
was a dim bulb, it would still take some work on my part as well as some other
folks I planned on involving before she bought in completely to the plan to make
her a star in the world of specialty porn flicks.

	His eyes lit up when I described his role as my stunt cock when it came
to piggy. He'd be able to practice all the things I wanted her to do while I
looked on and critiqued her efforts. I remember how he started breathing hard
when I said, "Let me give you an example. She needs to learn how to handle ass
to mouth without getting grossed out by things. It will be your cock that goes
straight from her ass to her mouth, and the way I'm training her, your cock will
be covered with her shit. Once she learns how to handle that, she's ready for
anything the pros can throw at her. But before that happens, she'll be able to
get some additional experience in the amateur stuff. By then she should be
getting recognized as a budding non-pro porn star. This is only one example of
what I'm talking about. By the time I'm done she will be able to handle anything
that the pros are doing or can dream up. Not only that, we'll start moving into
other stuff where the real money is."

	 I liked the look on his face when I teased him about the kinky stuff.
Whether or not Ralph was my man would depend in large part on how he handled
himself with the easy stuff. I wasn't going to tell him just yet about the S&M
and dominance routines; not the phony stuff that you could find at the local
emporium of filth, but the real stuff that was made off-shore and commanded big
money. The idea of foreign travel just might appeal to Ralph. If not him, there
was always some down and out ex-porn star looking for a way to get enough money
to handle his drug habit or whatever fix he had gotten himself into. To seal the
deal I invited Ralph to come over tomorrow, late in the afternoon, and give me a
hand fucking over piggy for some bad things she'd did. He nodded his head and
his eyes were really big. I had just successfully recruited my first team piggy
member.

	Returning to my place I went inside and took a look around. For one
brief moment I had that sinking feeling in my gut because little piggy wasn't in
the living room. However I did notice that an effort had been made to clean up
the mess; it wasn't perfect, but it would probably do until I had a chance to
make her do it over with her tongue while I grudge fucked her ass. On a hunch I
went into the bedroom and there she was in all her chubbiness. My flabby,
near-sighted, fuck tool and budding porn star had assumed the position, and was
staring straight at me as she pumped that plump cunt back and forth, waiting for
me to acknowledge her existence.

	I approached close enough so that I could kick her right in that fat
belly. She gasped, her eyes popped and she toppled over onto her back, clutching
her gut. "You did a real shitty job of cleaning up your mess. I'm not sure
you're going to be worth the touble to train properly. First you fucking lie to
me about you and your mom, then you mess up my carpet and don't clean it up
properly and now you're in my bedroom without my permission. I told you that you
were supposed to be in the living room presenting yourself to whoever walked
through the door. Instead, where do I find you? In my fucking bedroom, that's
where! Who gave you permission to do that, well?" At that point I kicked her in
the side, but only hard enough to make her nervous. I didn't want to mark her up
unless she really pissed me off.

	Piggy caught her breath long enough to begin blubbering. I moved over
her and drew back my fist, causing her the cringe and cover up, as I said to her
in my nastiest tone, "Shut the hell up so I can think about what to do to you
for being such a stupid fuckup." Piggy quieted down and looked at me from
between her arms. To make her even more uncomfortable I made a big deal about
looking at my watch and then grinning. I knew before I left the bar that
technically it was Saturday, gig day for my little porn star in the making.

	I grabbed her by the hair and snarled, "I'm taking you out to the living
room and giving you a couple of gigs worth of punishment before I go to bed.
Then you are going to show me just how sorry you are for causing me all this
grief. I expect a world class blowjob from you and god help you if you so much
as spill a drop when I cum in your dumb mouth. For the rest of the night you are
staying out there, tied up and gagged so I know where to find your sorry ass
when I wake up. Tomorrow I'm going to beat you like a drum whenever I'm not
grudge fucking your asshole. You are getting a major league thrashing for your
behavior. Then on top of that you'll be servicing a friend of mine later on in
the day when I'll be probably sick and tired of fucking your sorry ass."

	Little piggy's eyes got big when I mentioned having someone around for
her to entertain. I was going to keep her in suspense during the day. By the
time Ralph showed up she'd be half crazy from worrying about who this guy was
and what he was going to do to her while I looked on. I made her crawl out to
the living room and bend over the arm of the couch.

	I decided to play with her mind a bit. "Do you understand what two gigs
mean?" I asked, pinching one of her fat, flabby tits, bringing a yelp from her.
I had to admit that the question as stated was sort of open-ended, but what the
hell, it was intended to make her realize just how pitiful she was. She
stammered and said, "Two on my ass with a paddle, four across my tits with a
strap and two on my cunt with a special paddle." Secretly I was impressed that
she remembered; that was a very good sign, piggy was finally listening to
everything I told her. There was hope for her yet, that is if she survived the
amount of punishment she was going to get starting in the morning.

	 She opened her mouth to let me fill it with a rag and then tape it in
place. I certainly did not want to attract any attention from my neighbors. The
paddles were stored under the couch, ready for use on her. I moved them to the
coffee table, allowing her a good look at what was about to be used on her bare
ass and cunt. She stared at the two wooden paddles, one round and thick, the
other more oblong and thinner, with a number of holes drilled through it. The
latter was the pussy paddle, a vicious implement which could ruin a cunt without
too much trouble.

	The guy that sold it to me showed a film of some German pain slut
getting worked over with it. After two whacks her cunt had swelled up so much
that the guy couldn't even get his finger into her twat. I remember the sound
she made when he tried; it was like an wounded animal in its death agonies. When
he hit her with it the third time she puked and passed out; her cunt looked like
a baboon's ass by then.

	I ordered piggy to lean her ass back on the arm of the couch and spread
her cunt lips apart to give me a target for the pussy paddle. She did as she was
told but was shaking like a leaf as she waited for the first blow. I teased her
by holding the paddle against her wide spread cunt mouth and rubbing the wood
back and forth over it. She started to sweat and shiver at the same time.
Without warning I drew it back and slammed it into her cunt dead center. There
was a sound like something wet hitting the ground after a long fall, and then
she let out a muted howl that lasted for a long time. Her hands started to
frantically rub the blistered flesh that had just been smashed flat, while she
did a little dance of pain and the tears streamed down her cheeks.

	I made her turn around to present her broad ass for a good pounding from
the bigger and thicker paddle. For this I wanted to use both hands, turning the
paddle into a kinf of baseball bat. She bent at the waist, trying to grasp her
ankles, but falling short due to her pot belly. While she still struggled to
touch her ankles I let her have the first blow. The paddle landed with such
force that it actually lifted her off the floor for a brief second before she
toppled onto her face, muffled screams coming from her. I ordered her to stand
up and get ready for another good one. She quivered and rubbed her sore ass,
trying to recover her composure.

	"Up, up, or it's another gig, and you'll get it right now. I'm tired of
screwing with you. You fool around anymore and I'll tie you down to the coffee
table and ruin your ass."

	She rose to her feet, still trying to rub away the pain from that first
hit. Piggy was crying like a baby as she bent over for the second whack. I aimed
for the same spot and nailed her good. She collapsed onto the carpet with a loud
thud. The stupid cunt was going to get the neighbors upset with me; she'd pay
dearly if that happened. I leaned down and grabbed her by the hair and yanked
her head back so she could see the anger on my face. I did my best to keep my
voice under control as I warned her that anymore noise out of her and I'd kick
her out on her ass.

	Piggy got the message and tried her best to calm down. I reminded her
that she still had four good ones coming to those big tit cushions, plus a
second hit from the pussy paddle. Piggy started to mumble into her gag and that
just made me get a little crazy. I must have slapped her face a half dozen times
before I got my act together once more. Then I decided to rope her down to the
coffee table, face up. That way I could lay the leather to those floppy tits and
cream her cunt with the pussy paddle without fear of disturbing the folks in my
vicinity. In that position she would also be able to suck me off while I waited
for the fifteen minutes to pass before she got the other pussy paddle shot to
that shaved snatch.

	I took off my belt, wrapped it around my hand and let her get a good
look at it as I said, "You're lucky I'm a nice guy. Some guys would use the
buckle and dig holes in those big soft tits of yours, but not me. However if you
keep fucking up I may have to stop being a nice guy and use something different
on those boobs, like maybe a curtain rod."

	I gave her the first one, splitting her tits right across the middle
with one stroke. She blinked the tears from her eyes, took a breath and then I
gave her another one, in the same spot. She arched her body in pain.

	"What do you say to a little break?" I asked, and she nodded quickly. I
reached down and ripped off the tape and pulled the wet rag from her mouth. Then
I settled down on her belly and pulled out my cock so I could place it between
her tits. "Let's see how a a nice tit fucking feels." I said, leaning forward
and sliding my hardening rod between those big,soft meat bags. Once I was fully
hard I started poking my cock into her mouth on every pass through the tit
tunnel I created by crushing her boobs together to provide as much friction as
possible. I instructed her to start using her tongue on the head as it moved
from the tit valley and approached her open mouth.

	It wasn't too long before I felt that tingling in my ball sack; I was
getting ready to make a deposit into piggy's mouth. When I came, I grabbed her
head and held it steady as I wedged my spurting cock as far into her mouth as it
would go. She struggled as the first couple of spurts blasted deep into her
throat, making her gag. I kept control and finished off as her face started to
take on a ruddy color, in stark contrast to her normal pasty countenance. As
blow jobs went, it was average. I wondered if that was due to her inherent
inability to do anything well, or just a lack of education. When it comes to a
scheme for making money, and this one had enormous upside potential, I'm very
optimistic. All my new porn star to-be needed was plenty of practice. I wondered
if Ralph was going to be enough for her needs.

	The gag went back into her mouth and I taped her again to make sure it
stayed where it was supposed to be. I gave each of her tits a good whack right
down the middle of each big bag, flattening the nipple and leaving a welt that
now formed a cross on each tit. I took my time getting the paddle out and
properly centering it so her entire pubic mound would take the full force from
the blow. She grunted and began blinking a mile a minute, probably frightened to
death at the prospect of taking another cruel hit to her already sore twat area.
Well, I'll give her credit for being smart enough to want to avoid having her
cunt ruined by this bad boy.

	 I still had a minute or so to go before I could blast that fat lipped
cunt for the second time, so I amused myself by seeing how many fingers I could
stick into her pussy. To my amazement she was soaking wet! I mean she was
dripping clam sauce from that snatch like there was some kind of a cum fountain
located in her fuckbox. I thought about what that slop would do to my coffee
table, and decided that any stain she left would be cause for a major going over
with both paddles for as long as she could handle it.

	Her whole body tried to jump off the table when that final shot landed
right between her chunky thighs. Her eyes nearly popped out of her head as the
pain raced through her flabby form. Her twat turned crimson in seconds, and just
before I turned out the lights in the living room her cunt was developing a
nasty blue-black look to it. I was getting very tired and the thought of curling
up under the covers sounded great to me. I decided to make it even more cozy for
me by leaving the heat off. Naturally that would mean piggy was going to spend a
very uncomfortable night as the temperature in the apartment got down into the
mid 50s.



					(To be continued)




				Picking and Choosing


				    Chapter 7


	When I woke up it was cold in my place, very cold. I snuggled down under
the covers and tried to get my bearings. Waking up is not something I do easily,
and once out of bed I'm kind of nasty. I've learned this from the complaints
I've had from the numerous women who stayed overnight at my apartment. I always
get my pickups to come to my place, rather than theirs as a matter of
self-defense. I've heard more than one horror story of a guy going to the
chick's place and waking up to find her husband or boyfriend pounding on the
door. I am a lover, not a fighter.

	It took some doing, but I finally got up and padded into the bathroom to
tap a kidney. Then I came out to check on my star boarder. She was right where I
left her; wide-awake and shivering like a junkie who missed his fix. Sometime
during the night she had pissed all over my coffee table and some of it had
dripped onto the carpet. I began to wonder if there were enough hours in today
for me to give her everything she had coming as the result of her numerous
fuckups. One thing was for sure, her cunt was going to get a good dose of the
pussy paddle and there wasn't going to be any fifteen-minute break between
whacks either. As far as I was concerned her asshole was the only target for
today when it came to grudge fucking. I wondered what Ralph was going to think
when he arrived to find her all beat up and her asshole looking like it had
swallowed a redwood tree.

	There was no time like the present, so I got the pussy paddle and gave
her the first taste for the day.  It hit home with a satisfying splatting noise
and she tried to levitate off the piss-covered table. Rather than switch
paddles, I used it again to smash her tits flat, noticing that it did a nice
job. Her eyes were bulging out of their sockets and her shivering was now more
like spasming. I leaned over, grabbed her nipples and gave them a good twisting,
which brought tears to her eyes.

	"You have to be the biggest fuckup I've ever met. You can't seem to do
anything right. Now you've gone and ruined my carpet. Well you'll pay for that
little mistake with your ass. By the time I get done wrecking that flabby body
of yours you'll wish you had never met me." My words seemed to make her shake
worse, a good sign. The extra trembling was because she was afraid, just the way
I wanted her to be today. On the other hand I wasn't really going to let myself
get too carried away. This was my new meal ticket, and major bruises, burns and
cuts were a no-no, unless I got paid for letting someone else do it to her on
camera.

	Since she wasn't going anywhere and it didn't matter if she pissed on
the carpet again, I wandered off to the kitchen, leaving her to shake and worry
about what I'd do to her next. That was a good question, and I planned to give
it some thought during breakfast. While I waited for the coffee to perk I
decided to give her another taste of the pussy paddle. She started really
shaking when I picked up the piece of wood. I teased her by laying it down on
her pussy and letting her feel it.

	" Well, well, looks like its time for another little touch-up of that
fat cunt of yours. Hold on tight!" As I finished speaking I gave her a monster
swat that sounded as if a pistol had gone off in the room. She went nuts, but
the ropes held. I grinned at piggy and wagged my finger. "That's just a very
small down payment for yesterday, wait until I start in on you for pissing on my
carpet." Piggy struggled like a mad woman to get free, but she was unable to
budge from the spot she was in.

	After breakfast I felt a while lot better. On the other hand piggy
wasn't feeling well at all. I gave her another shot with the pussy paddle and
noticed that her cunt was nearly swollen shut after only three whacks. I jammed
two fingers up her twat, meeting plenty of resistance. She was dry and my
probing was obviously causing her some pain. On a whim I began to finger whip
that reddened box lunch of hers. Tears rolled down her plump cheeks as I
continued to tattoo the entrance to her twat. After a few minutes it was no fun
anymore and so I decided to free my meal ticket from her bonds and let her start
off the day by taking my hard cock up her tight asshole.

	Try as I might, that asshole of hers just conformed to my dick no matter
how I twisted and turned. This pudgy, near-sighted girl had a shitter unlike any
I'd ever nailed. Her asshole was the standard against which all others had to be
measured. I just enjoyed the hell out of ass fucking this babe into the floor.
We worked up a pretty good sweat doing the backdoor boogie. Just before I came,
I pulled out and made her turn around and kneel so I could coat her pasty face
with my first load of the day. I managed to shoot some of it into her eyes and
the rest went from her forehead down to her chin, giving her the appearance of a
glazed donut.

	While I rested up for the next round of asshole action, I made her get
busy and clean up the mess she made on my coffee table. She set to work licking
up her piss and the cheese-like cunt drippings that had oozed out of her during
the stay on the table. Every so often I would haul off and give her big ass a
good wallop with my open hand. By the time she finished polishing the table with
her tongue, her ass was damn near a uniform crimson color. I made her bend over
the table and support herself with her arms. Then I used my belt to finish off
covering that flabby ass with some vivid and livid markings. She was shaking
like a leaf when I was finished.

	I yanked the gag out of her mouth and told her she could take a piss.
Piggy started towards the bathroom and I followed so I could see the surprised
look on her face when she discovered what was waiting for her. She gasped when
she saw the enema bag dangling from the shower rod. I gave her red ass another
swat as I said, "Do you know what that is? It's another tool to help with your
physical rehabilitation. It can also double as a tool to make you hurt real bad.
How I use it is up to you." Her ass took another hard slap to make sure she got
the meaning of my words.

	Sitting beside the toilet was a brand new plastic bucket that would be
used to collect her piss for later consumption. I'd spring that little surprise
on her later when Ralph showed up. "From now on you use the bucket when you have
to pee; the toilet is strictly for when you have to take a dump." She winced as
I swatted her across the tits. She just stood there and blushed. "Well, do you
have to pee or don't you?" I asked. She nodded and her face got even redder.
"Are you gonna watch?" Piggy asked in a voice that was difficult to hear. I
sighed and gave her a slap to the head, not a hard one, but something for
effect. She started blubbering and I wagged my finger and shushed her, closing
my hand into a fist to further intimidate her.

	Peggy the piggy squatted down over the bucket and I watched her try to
get the flow going. It took a couple of tries before a few squirts of piss hit
the bucket, followed by a flood that splashed noisily against the sides as she
relieved the pressure from her full bladder. I patted her on the head as if she
were a little kid just learning how to use the potty. Things were going to be
very entertaining around here once her training went into full effect.

	The amount of gigs she had earned in the last day was so high I hadn't
been able to keep track of them all. I had no interest in spending the day
beating her until she was black and blue from neck to knees; that would have
been rather stupid on my part. What I really wanted to accomplish had to do with
her obedience. My goal was to make her believe that she didn't know much about
utilizing her physical talents, but I did. Once she accepted that, there had to
be a system of rewards added to counterbalance the gigs that she was bound to
pile up over her training period. That was the problem; the last thing I wanted
was for her to begin to think that I really cared enough about her to consider
some kind of long term relationship. It would have to be a fine line that I
walked.

	Once I had her back in the living room I told her that if she didn't
make any noise and cause a fuss while I walloped her good for being such a dumb
cunt, I wouldn't tie her up, or even gag her. I made it a test for her to take,
and she jumped at the chance. I cautioned piggy that if I had to tie her up and
gag her she'd get a lot more punishment than if she was a good girl. This was
the first step in the process of getting her to trust me and do my  bidding.

	I had her lean over the arm of my sofa so I could start paddling that
big flabby ass. I offered her one of my squash balls, a piece of hard rubber, to
chew on if she had the urge to start making noise. I had to suppress the urge to
laugh; she looked so pathetic with her squinting eyes and mouth stuffed with the
squash ball, like she was a dog playing with a chew toy.

	I successfully talked her through the first five whacks, each one harder
than its predecessor. I let her take a breather for a few minutes, rubbing her
ass and even working a finger in and out of her cunt, which reacted to this
simple pleasure to the point that when I withdrew, my finger was coated with her
cunt cream. "You are doing fine my little girl, now daddy has to hurt you some
more. It's for your own good so that next time daddy tells you to do something,
you'll just do it."

	I walloped her butt with everything I had and a muffled grunt came from
her as her ass cheeks clenched in response to the pain that was radiating from
her blistered bottom. I gave her a moment to recover her composure and then gave
her two of the best in rapid succession, testing her limits. The noise fom her
was audible now as her ass swelled from the vicious hits it had just absorbed. I
rubbed and pinched the crimson flesh and worked two fingers into her cunt. She
was soaking wet; I was amazed.

	Piggy was shaking by now, almost at her limit. I stroked her thighs and
pinched the flabby flesh as I told her that if she did as I told her she'd soon
have nice firm thighs that supported a truly great ass. An ass that would drive
the strokers crazy as they watched her porn films and jacked off furiously as
they dreamed that they were fucking that great ass. When I pressed my finger
into her cunt once more, it slid into a pool of cunt juice that she'd generated
as I teased her with a vision of what she could be. Things were going very well.

	"You are a big girl, you should be able to take two more without acting
like a baby. If you are good, we'll take a break and I'll let you suck my cock
while I tell you what kind of things you'll be doing in the next few weeks.
They'll be hard; I know that. If I didn't think you could handle it, I wouldn't
be spending this time with you. Now take a deep breath because I'm going to
really hurt you; you deserve it, you know you do." I watched her nod in
agreement.

	I wound up and really put the muscle behind it. The first one flattened
her cheeks and she began hopping up and down, shaking her ass as if she was a
horse trying to shoo some flies. I counted to five and then finished her off
with a blow that sounded as if I had shot her. She collapsed and fell off the
sofa onto the floor, tears streaming down her face, but her jaw still clenched
tight, holding that rubber ball to stiffle the screams that she must have wanted
to let out.

	A few minutes later I was lying on the sofa watching a porn tape while
piggy knelt on the floor beside me and sucked on my cock and watched the action
taking place. This one was a compilation tape featuring about a dozen different
bimbos giving various disembodied cocks what passed for blowjobs. I pointed out
various flaws and strengths in the techniques these ladies demonstrated.

	Piggy didn't seem to be listening too hard to my critique, so I whacked
her across the head and told her to pay fucking attention to what I was saying.
I also informed her that she was getting the strap across those flabby tits once
this was over because she hadn't been paying attention. I noticed a more
enthusiastic attempt on her part to get me off. Even better, I saw her trying to
adopt some of the little tricks that I kept pointing out to her as the tape
continued. I was happy about that, but she still was going to get a good dose of
the strap just to reinforce my control over her. To show her who was who, I
willed myself not to fill her mouth with a blast of hot cum, even though she got
me close a couple of times.

	To test her obedience further, I made piggy kneel before me and hold up
her tits in the palms of her hands, offering them for the strapping she was
about to receive. The squash ball was clamped between her teeth, and she stared
at the doubled up strap that was wrapped around my hand. To show her what a nice
guy I was, she didn't get the buckle end like some people would have done. In
point of fact I expected her to be working in amateur porn inside of a couple of
weeks and that meant no major damage to those tits. Still in all she'd be really
hurting for a couple of days after I got finished laying the leather to those
meat bags.

	She took the first dozen without too much trouble; I was pulling my
punches, so to speak, to gauge how she could handle the beating. I picked up the
pace and started nailing those fat fun bags with much harder strokes, but I gave
her time to sort of recover after every couple of strokes. At twenty she started
blubbering, a few more later she dropped her tits and covered up, bending over
to protect them from further abuse. I ordered her to resume her pose and she
grudgingly obeyed, a very good sign.

	I lit into them once again and she did the same thing after half a dozen
good hits. I once more ordered her to assume the position and although she was
by now shaking like a leaf in a windstorm, she slowly got those well whipped
titties out there for more of the same. Instead of starting in on her again, I
gave her a pat on the head and told her she had been a good girl in taking her
medicine and I'd give her the rest later when she was feeling better. The look I
got was just what I hoped for. She was relieved and also somewhat pleased with
her ability to handle what I had dished out. To my way of thinking that was
fine; I wasn't interested in one of those slavish types who couldn't take a deep
breath without asking for permission.

	She looked positively happy when I announced later that I was going to
fuck her ass again. I made her get on the coffee table on all fours and suck me
until I was rock hard. Her technique had improved slightly, another good sign.
This one definitely was trainable. I had her turn around so I could begin
feeding my cock into her tight asshole. In this position I could watch my cock
disappear between her bruised asscheeks, as well as feel that tight tunnel begin
to wrap itself around my hard length of meat as I pushed deeper and deeper into
her shitter. This time I had decided that after I came she was going to clean
off anything that was on my dick. This would be her first lesson in ass to
mouth, another staple of the hard-edge porn world.

	Piggy had the nerve to balk when I offered her my cock, covered with her
cunt sludge plus anything else I stirred up while I was drilling away inside her
shit chute. I shook my head sadly and said, "And just when I thought you were
catching on, you revert to type." I tried poking it into her mouth, but she
shook her head and then turned away. I decided it was time to put all the chips
on the table; my way or the highway. I still hadn't invested too much time or
any money into her training, so this was probably the best time to call her
bluff.

	I whacked her across the head a couple of times and snarled, "Do it, or
get the fuck out of here, now! If you want to make something out of your
miserable existence you suck my cock until it gleams. You don't, I'm booting
your lazy, stupid ass out onto the street. You'll be doomed to be a loser for
the rest of your fucking life. You'll be doing worse things than this inside of
a year just so somebody will buy you a drink. Now suck it, you disobedient
little slut!" She closed her eyes and opened her mouth. The rest was easy; she
had just taken her second step.

	 The rest of the day went by pretty fast. When I wasn't grudge fucking
her asshole until it frothed with my cum and her whatever, laying the leather to
her tits or pounding her ass and cunt with paddles, (I never did get around to
seeing what two straight hits to the pussy would do), I was letting her in on my
plans for her career in porn. Piggy was all ears and wide open eyes as I spun my
tale and described what she'd have to do in the next month or two in order to
make it all happen.

	When she heard about the starvation diet she had to go on, she frowned.
She smiled happily, and even clapped her hands, when she heard that she had to
give up her apartment and move in with me. Piggy definitely was not thrilled
over taking a daily enema, or being weighed every other day and punished
accordingly for failure to meet her weight goals. She offered no resistance when
I insisted that she turn her earnings over to me. She seemed interested when I
discussed an exercise program that would firm her up even more. However when I
mentioned getting a boob job to make her tits look much better, she just sat
there with her mouth wide open in shock. I deliberately avoided mentioning the
other medical procedures I envisioned for my little ugly duckling. She was very
unhappy to find out that today she would not be allowed to eat or drink at all,
especially since she was getting parched and her stomach was starting to rumble.

	I was just finishing another romp in her asshole when the doorbell rang.
She looked surprised, then apprehensive, figuring out that must be the guy who
was going to fuck her in the ass tonight. I couldn't help grinning when I pulled
my spent cock from her ass and made her suck it clean while the doorbell rang
and rang.


				(To be continued) 




					Picking and Choosing


					    Chapter 8


	Ralph was just getting ready to knock on the door once more when I
opened up and let him in. As he stepped inside, I took a quick glance back to
where I had left piggy. It was Ralph who clued me in on where she was. "Well
look who's here, and she looks like she's ready for me. Damn this is going to be
good!" I looked over into the corner and there was piggy in the correct position
and pumping her pussy toward me. I was delighted! My little girl was presenting
and doing it just the way I'd taught her. I watched her shaved cunt move back
and forth, enjoying not only the view, but also the fact that she had taken
another step along the right path. Perhaps this wouldn't be as taxing as I
thought.

	I gave piggy a nod and motioned for her to stand up. Out of the corner
of my eye I could see Ralph licking his lips and rubbing his hands together,
eager to get at her. Piggy on the other hand kept her eyes down. Her face was
flushed; she knew what was going to happen to her next, but she didn't seem very
happy about it. I decided to make some small talk and give her a chance to calm
down.

	"Sorry it took so long to answer the door, but I was kind of busy
loosening up piggy's asshole for you...Bend over piggy and show my friend Ralph
what your asshole looks like." Piggy's face got even redder, but she turned and
did as I ordered, displaying her rather raw looking asshole for us to see. Ralph
snorted and grumbled a little at the condition on my star boarder's anal
paasageway.

	"It looks like you've been doing more than just a little loosening. That
butthole looks really stretched. Just how many times have you ass fucked her
today?" I told piggy to answer our visitor. Her face was now approaching
scarlet. She looked flustered; I could almost see her tiny brain struggling to
remember all the times I'd busted her ass in today's session. Finally she heaved
a sigh and replied. "I think it was four times, or maybe five. I've been trying
to do a  lot of new things today, plus taking a good whipping a few times too,
so my memory ain't as sharp as it should be." Her answer sort of calmed Ralph
down some. He already knew that I was going to beat the hell out of her today
for a lot of fuckups, so he just let things slide.

	I added a few comments covering the fact that she was showing some
progress, but had a long way to go before she was ready for prime time fucking.
I told Ralph that I really appreciated the time he was taking to help me out
with her. That seemed to make everything fine with him. "How do you want her,
leaning over the arm of the sofa or kneeling on the coffee table? Between you
and me the coffee table made her asshole just the right height to really put
some muscle into the ass fucking I gave her."

	He grinned at me and said, "How about the bedroom where it's nice and
comfortable?" My answer kind of pissed him off. "She's not allowed in the
bedroom, that's strictly my place to get some sleep. Now if you're willing to
change the sheets and get the ones you and her messed up cleaned, I guess you
two could use the bedroom."

	I had to hand it to Ralph, he was pretty clever for an old guy. His
counter offer kind of tickled me. "Suppose she changes the sheets after I get
done ass fucking her until that shitter has turned inside out. Then she can suck
all my cum and her pussy juice out of them and wash them in the tub. If you're
not happy with her work you can either put some fresh welts on that big ass or
let me come over and whale on her for an hour or two. What do you say?"

	One thing that wasn't ever going to happen was another person
disciplining my little girl. When it came to corporal punishment, I was her
daddy. "Sorry buddy, nice try, but there's only two places in this apartment
where she gets fucked, out here or in the bathroom. I saw a gleam in Ralph's
eyes when I said "bathroom."

	He rubbed his chin and eyeballed the cum dripping out of piggy's
well-fucked asshole and smiled. "So you do her in the bathroom, that sounds kind
of freaky. Maybe I'll give her a tumble in there as well." I gave him a mock bow
and waved towards the bathroom door. "She's all yours, but I want to take
pictures if you do something freaky to her in there."  Ralph nodded his head,
looking like the cat that was about to swallow the canary. The look on piggy's
face said that she wasn't too happy about the prospect of being in the bathroom
with Ralph. I shrugged, that was her problem.

	For some odd reason Ralph insisted on tying piggy's hands behind her
back. Even though I told him that I'd been doing some very bad things to her
body without needing to restrain her, he was insistent. It was too small a
matter to get into an argument over, so I scrounged up some rope and watched him
tie my meal ticket's hands behind her back, and he did not cut her any slack
either. She made little whimpers as he knotted the ropes as tight as he could. I
began to think that a little bit more had transpired between them then he
bothered to tell me.

	He left the door open so I could check out the action. First he made her
kneel down on the cold, hard tile and give him head. He grabbed two big handfuls
of her hair and used his purchase to control her as she sucked noisily. She
obviously wasn't too enthusiastic when it came to giving Ralph head, she just
sucked like a robot until his cock was nice and hard. He dragged her up and told
her to bend over, her head now hanging over the tub. He gave her a good swat to
make her open her legs some.

	I watched with more interest when he spread her flabby cheeks apart and
tried to sink his tool into her asshole. It proved to be tough going, piggy was
none too cooperative. He cursed her and yanked on her floppy tits, bringing a
grunt of pain from her. At that point I got into the act. "Ralph, give the cunt
a break, at least put some vaseline up her ass before you try to cornhole her."
He tried to ignore my advice but there was no way he was poking through that
tough muscle guarding her shitter. He gave her a half-hearted slap before
stepping back to look into the medicine cabinet.

	He jammed his vaseline coated finger into piggy's butthole and twisted
it around, bringing another grunt of pain from her. Ralph was definitely not a
gentleman when it came to preparing his partner for a trip up the dirt road. I
began to get an inkling of what probably happened the other time he and piggy
went at it. I'd have to query my little porn star-to-be on this matter after
Ralph had taken his leave. After some grunting and shoving he managed to get the
head of his dick into her asshole. Piggy was squirming to beat hell, and she got
a few harsh slaps to calm her down. Finally Ralph got most of his dick into her
shitter, and then began to slam it in and out of her as hard and fast as he
could. I figured he'd be done in less than a minute as this rate, but he
surprised me.

	Ralph rammed and jammed her for nearly five minutes straight, and then
took a break, leaning on her back and catching his breath, all the while keeping
his dick buried to the hilt in her asshole. He reached down, grabbed her floppy
tits for leverage and resumed cornholing piggy. She was not very happy with the
prodding her butthole was taking, moving her big body in hopes of finding a more
comfortable position to weather the storm that was taking place in her shit
chute. At last Ralph stiffened, let out a loud sigh and started pumping his cum
deep inside her fucked-out back hole. Both he and piggy were now coated with
sweat from the violent collision they just had. I was most impressed with the
way Ralph handled his role. This old guy was going to work out just fine, unless
he ruined my little money-maker with that caveman approach he took to ass
fucking.

	Now came the moment of truth. Ralph slapped piggy on the ass and told
her to kneel down. She hesitated briefly, not a good sign, then obeyed. Ralph
poked his cock into her face and she recoiled. "Clean it off you stupid sow;
that's your shit on it." he snarled as he grabbed her by the hair. Piggy held
her ground and I decided to step into the action. "Do what Ralph says or I'll
take the strap to that cunt until its so swollen you won't be able to piss out
of it" Piggy sniffled and seemed on the verge of breaking into tears. I moved in
on her and she cringed.

	Ralph pushed her head towards his crotch and thrust his hips to drive
his cock into her face. Piggy's resistance collapsed and her mouth opened. I
stepped back and watched her suck Ralph's dick until it was glistening with her
saliva. He patted her on the head when she was done and said, "That was pretty
good. We'll have to do this more often." Ralph occasionally said the right
thing; this was one of those times. Piggy responded with a kiss on the head of
his dick. I almost clapped, realizing that my little money-maker had just taken
a giant step to fulfilling my master plan for her future.

	After Ralph left, promising to return whenever his services were
required, I talked some more to piggy. I tried to make her understand that
everything I wanted her to do was a part of my plan to make her a star in the
porn business. I explained about ass-to-mouth to her and I could see it dawning
on her. It was something a big time hard-edge porn star had to do in almost
every scene. Normally it wouldn't be as bad as what she had to do tonight, but
she had to be prepared just in case something like this was required. That
seemed to satisfy here for now. I reminded her that she'd be doing it Ralph's
way for some time to come, just so she'd get used to it. "The more you do it,
the easier it becomes. Think about the first time Louie fucked you in the ass,
didn't that hurt a bit?" She nodded. "How about after a few months, wasn't it
better?" Again piggy nodded, this time with a bit more enthusiasm. I could see
that tiny light bulb going off in her dim brain.



	The next morning I allowed her to have a light breakfast. She demolished
it in record time and looked up for more; there was no more, just yours truly
ready to nail her asshole with a delayed morning hard-on. It was hard not to let
on that her asshole fit my cock like a glove, but I persisted in the charade,
wondering how long I could keep her guessing. Piggy' eyes lit up when I
announced that we were going over to her apartment and move her stuff. I let her
give Ginny a ring to alert her that we were planning to descend upon her. They
must have yakked for ten minutes before I swatted piggy to let her know that all
that gab was beginning to get on my nerves. She went into submissive mode and
quickly hung up.

	It turned out that Ginny had a house guest who was still asleep. She
went on to tell me that once Ginny woke him up, she'd probably be occupied for
the rest of the morning. I shrugged and decided that this was a good opportunity
to introduce piggy to the joys of taking a daily enema. She did not share my
enthusiasm, but a few whacks to her fat rump got her motivated to the point that
she accompanied me into the bathroom and stood there obviously ill at ease as I
prepared what would be the first of dozens and dozens of bags of water, usually
mixed with a surprise or two included just to keep her on her toes, so to speak.
For her inaugural venture into the wonderful world of water, I used cold water
and added a touch of carbolic acid to spice things up. She bent at the waist and
supported her pudgy body with her arms as she leaned over the tub. Her asshole
winked at me and for a moment I was tempted to defer the enema and take another
trip down the old dirt road.

	Piggy did not take kindly to her first enema since she was a child, but
I told her that in her new career she'd be doing stuff like this in front of the
cameras, and she might as well get used to the drill. To make things a little
better for her I kneaded her hanging tits and milked her nipples, making sure
that she was holding onto the well greased nozzle that I'd slipped past her
tight sphincter after loosening her up with a couple of good spanks to her
flabby ass. Once her nipples got stiff, I moved my attentions to her cunt, which
was beginning to ooze, a very good sign that she wasn't obsessing about being
filled to the brim with cold water.

	When she started hopping from one foot to the other and making little
whimpering sounds, I figured the carbolic acid was beginning to make its
presence felt. I let her sweat for a minute or so before announcing that she
could straighten up and do her business. Ever the gentleman I stepped out of the
bathroom and let her dump the enema in peace. In future times she would not be
given the luxury of privacy and there would be more than just my eyes checking
her out as she voidedd whatever little concoction that I'd given her.

	While we waited for Ginny to give us the all clear to visit, piggy got a
few more lessons in the fine art of cock sucking, compliments of my large porn
collection and my stiff dick that proved a real challenge to her attempts at
imitating some of the better pro cock suckers working in porn today. Toward the
end of this mini-class I let her view some of the rougher versions and she did
not identify at all with the bimbos who gagged on huge dicks that were used as
weapons to choke them, and bring tears to their eyes. There is nothing that can
match the look on a girl who is being face-fucked, her mascara running down her
cheeks, and snot bubbling from her nostrils. I grinned down at my little
money-maker to be as she tried to take an extra inch down her gullet without too
much success. 

	Poor piggy had to watch as I had an early lunch. To keep her mind off of
food I made her do squats, telling her that this was just the beginning of her
exercise program. I didn't bother to tell her that I planned on purchasing a big
dildo with a suction cup on its base to be her exercise partner for parts of her
fitness regimen. I also didn't let her in on the deal I was going to work with a
guy I knew who managed one of these yuppie workout places, which was nothing
more than a meat market for those into abusing their bodies with exercise.

	Piggy didn't know it but she was going to be the place's in-house
entertainment center for those guys still unable to score in this environment.
The way I'd explain it to her was that she was bartering services for the right
to work out in a high class gym with all the best equipment. This would be
another test of her loyalty to me and my program that would make her wealthy and
the favorite wet dream of almost every man in the country who was an anal porn
addict. That was my version of reality, even though on occasion I have been
known to make mistakes.

	Finally we were allowed into the apartment that Piggy shared with Ginny.
I was very curious to see what Ginny looked like, would she be another porker,
older, younger, as plain? Those were some of the questions I had. I did know
that she and piggy worked at the same company, in its main warehouse where they
did inventory control and the like. I was already planning to cultivate Ginny to
be my eyes and ears while they were at work. The last thing I needed was piggy
stuffing her face with the wrong kind of food.

	Ginny was a few years older than my porn star to-be, maybe close to
thirty, but well preserved. She was on the skinny side, with small but perky
tits, nice legs and a surprisingly good ass. She gave me a knowing grin when she
realized I was checking out her ass. I winked back at her, which turned out to
be the right move. She had short blonde hair, brown eyes and a good complexion;
in the right clothes she could hold her own with most women her age when it came
to attracting men. I already knew from piggy that she was definitely no shrinkig
violet with regards to doing the down and dirty.

	We made some small talk while piggy rummaged through the place getting
her stuff together. I went out of my way to let Ginny know that around my
apartment the uniform of the day for her roommate was a big smile and a shaved
pussy. I also let her in on my plans for whittling about twenty or so pounds off
piggy's pudgy frame. She thought that was funny, since she had seen piggy try
numerous times to lose some weight, but never lasted more than a week at it.
That's when I suggested that she keep an eye on her little buddy at work and let
me know if piggy was somehow adding some extra food to the stuff I would give
her to take to work.

	"What's in it for me?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye. I tried to
con her with the story that she would be helping her friend to stay on the
straight and narrow. She did not buy into that. "Well, what do you think is
reasonable?" I finally asked. Her answer kind of set me back on my heels. She
wanted to be involved with helping me "rehabilitate" her roomie. We were now
getting into dangerous waters, and I decided to be very careful about going any
further until she gave me some idea of what she meant by being "involved".

	She took a deep breath and gave me her ideas where she would fit, and
why. I was most impressed by her logic; she had obviously been thinking about
this for quite some time. I kept my mouth shut and just listened to what she
laid out for my consideration. "As you probably know, Peggy and I have a thing
going in our spare time when we're not trolling for cock. I want the opportunity
of keeping that connection working. I don't care much where it happens, your
place or mine, but I want it to happen when it makes sense for both of us."

	"Peggy needs a woman's touch when it comes to a lot of things. I know
about the gigs and that's a good idea, but I'm sure I'll be able to come up with
some new penalties that will keep her in line and at the same time leave very
little evidence behind. Who wants a porn star who's got those tell-tale marks
from a good whipping or worse? You don't realize just how stubborn Peggy can be
at times. I know that for a fact since more than once I've lost my temper and
beaten the hell out of her. One time it was so bad that she had to stay home
from work for three days and then for a couple of weeks she couldn't wear
anything that showed most of her arms or legs. I had tied her down to the bed
and whipped her from neck to ankles with a heavy electrical cord because she
fucked up our vacuum cleaner. You should have seen the marks on her tits and
cunt; I was amazed she could piss after what that hot, dripping cunt took from
me."

	"Finally I think I might like to see what you can do in bed. Who knows,
maybe we could become more than just partners in Peggy's rehabilitation, or
perhaps it might turn into a threesome, wouldn't that be a trip?" That last
suggestion closed the deal as far as I was concerned. If I was smart,I could use
that as another way of keeping piggy under my thumb. Things might get a little
dicey, but the return was worth the risk as far as I was concerned. I gave Ginny
a big smile, nodded my head and replied, "You're hired as a charter member of
the piggy team. I'll let you know when I can arrange for you to meet Ralph, the
other member." Giny grinned back at me and said, "This is going to be a blast
for me. I hear Ralph is a mean bastard, any truth to that?" It was my turn to
smile and nod my head emphatically.

	Something Ginny had said really got my attention. She had mentioned that
after giving piggy that terrible beating while she was tied up, my little girl's
cunt was dripping. That meant possibly that my little money-maker might also be
into big-time pain, sort of a masochist. Wouldn't that be a trip? I'd have to
spend some time figuring out a way to check out my theory.


				(To be continued)




					Picking and Choosing


					   Chapter 9



	As luck would have it, that very day I received a call from one of my
contacts offering me an opportunity to make a rather large sum of money by
acting as a courier between two parties who would remain nameless. I had
performed this service in the past, on many occasions. This is why I am
foot-loose and fancy-free most of the time. I detest the idea of any type of
steady work, unless it involves perhaps pimping for a stable of whores who
looked like porn stars and enjoyed fucking for the sheer fun of it.

	At one time I had plans that came very close to the perfect job. I
intended to start my own modeling agency and act as the manager for all the
bimbos that passed my exhaustive screening. Unfortunately the average porn bimbo
has an IQ just above that of a toaster, is usually fucked up in some way before
I even get my hands on her, or has a boyfriend with a drug habit and a nasty
disposition when he's not high. In addition about a dozen guys had the same
bright idea long before I did and they were not interested in sharing the
wealth, such as it was. I also began to realize that the bigger fish in the
"adult entertainment" industry were controlled in large part by the "mob", who
collected tribute from every aspect of this billion-dollar business. That was
why my current plan involved only one client that I had a good chance of
controlling. I'd worry about paying tribute once she became a big star, but
first things first.

	This was not the best time to leave my little porn star to-be alone
without anyone to make sure that she was flying right. I was loathe to turn her
over to Ralph for even a couple of days, and Ginny still hadn't passed her
probationary period. Even so, I decided to take a gamble on Ginny. I called her
and explained the situation and told her she'd be bunking with piggy at my
place. I gave her strict instructions about just what piggy could eat and warned
her that if my little girl tipped the scales by so much as an ounce over her
current weight, Ginny would pay the penalty. She knew what that meant, and swore
on a stack of People magazines that she would not fail me. This would be a good
test of Ginny's dedication to Team piggy and no matter how things worked out, I
was sure I could recover from even the worse scenario.

	Two days later after spending half my time in airports and driving
around in strange areas waiting to be contacted by cell phone, I finally
finished my little job and returned to the apartment. I had taken a little
detour to a local store that featured one of those coin operated scales that
also told your fortune. It told me I weighed 174 pounds, the same as before I
left, and I was about to renew an old friendship which needed my attention in
order to preserve it. Nothing like a good clear glimpse into the future I
thought to myself.

	The ladies were still at work by the time I got into my place. I had
deliberately lied to them about when I was going to return, telling them I'd be
back tomorrow. Nothing like giving them a little rope to hang themselves with.
Everything looked fairly normal until I poked my head into my bedroom. It looked
and smelled like one of those seedy rooms in a hot pillow motel; the kind the
whore that solicited you always had a key to. Not only were the sheets rumpled,
they smelled of pussy juice and semen. The pussy juice I could handle, but the
semen was another story. I could hardly wait to hear their story.

	I decided to check the scale in the bathroom to see if someone had
tampered with it. I got another unpleasant surprise. Not only was there
underwear hanging from the shower rod above the tub, it wasn't the kind a girl
would wear to work or to lounge around the house in. I knew it was only
circumstantial evidence, usually not admissable in a court of law, but it told
me that my two little lady friends were doing some hooking in my absence, which
didn't make a whole hell of a lot of sense.

	The waste basket contained further evidence of their infidelity. This
truly annoyed me. How stupid could they be? There were a number of condoms
sitting there among the tissue and other junk that normally is contained in a
waste basket. There was also the remains of at least a couple of disposable
douches there as well. I began to get very pissed off at that moment, so pissed
off that I decided not to be around when they sauntered in. I knew what I was
capable of doing when I got real angry and that would not be the smart way to go
at this time if I wanted to salvage anything from my master plan for piggy. I
decided to find my camera and get some shots of the evidence before I took off.
However before I left the bathroom I checked the scale and found out I weighed
170 pounds, but it steadfastly refused to tell me what was about to go down, as
if I didn't know.

	The next day I returned to my place as if nothing had happened and was
greeted by a spic and span apartment. Try as I could, all the evidence of hanky
panky had been disposed of, down the trash chute I guessed. There were fresh
sheets on the bed and somehow the smell of sex had been eliminated. These two
evidently had plenty of experience in covering their tracks. I wondered how long
they had been turning tricks before I got into the picture. Well, someone or
ones was going to pay a big price for this little escapade. I could hardly wait
to show whoever came over tonight my little stack of pictures taken yesterday
when I was supposed to be out of town.

	The two conspirators showed up right on time acting all innocent and
feigning happiness to see me. I went along with the ruse for a few minutes.
Piggy quickly stripped down and went with me into the bathroom to be weighed. It
was pathetic. She hopped on the scale and gave me this big smile, acting all
innocent as I read the scale which indicated that she'd lost three pounds in my
absence. Then I checked the scale and discovered I'd managed to lose another two
pounds since last night. That's when I cold cocked her.

	Piggy let out a little squeal and bounced off the wall. Unfortunately
for her my foot was waiting and it caught her right between the legs. She tried
to scream, but nothing came out. I stepped in and finished her with a couple of
solid shots to that nice full belly. She fell to her knees holding her gut and
trying to get some air into her lungs. I hollered for Ginny to come running,
saying that piggy had taken a bad fall.

	Ginny was no fool, she instantly figured out that the jig was up and
headed for the door. I let her go, she wasn't that important anymore. However
piggy had to be taught a hard lesson so there would never be a repeat of this
little fiasco. Even as I prepared to beat the hell out of her, I mentally
calculated what kind of a hit my schedule was going to take as a result of the
major beating she was going to get tonight. I laughed to myself when the thought
of gigorama, in lights no less, crossed my mind. Too bad I couldn't get Ralph
over here to shoot a tape of me wrecking  this lying, fat, whore in living
color. She would be hurting for days when I got done beating up on her pudgy,
pasty body.

	As I got ready to lay into my naughty little porn star wannabe,
something I'd seen once came to mind. It featured some drugged up hooker and her
pimp. How I got involved in this little scene is the subject for another time.
He made her take off her clothes because as he told her he didn't want to get
them splattered with blood. The dumb cunt was still out of it and his comment
went right over her empty head. Well once he started laying into her with one of
those round curtain  rods she woke up in a big hurry, but by then it was too
late. He turned her ass into a piece of raw hamburger for openers, then he got
down to some serious hurting.

	 He wrapped a towel around a couple of oranges and used that to pound
her tits, kidneys, belly and even her cunt. She passed out a couple of times and
he just kept on hitting her anyway. It was a lot easier to whale away on a bimbo
who was out cold with her legs spread. I remember watching him get down on one
knee so he could ruin her money-maker from close range. He hit that twat so hard
it swelled up to the point that I doubt she'd be able to piss out of it for a
couple of days.

	When he got done whacking her big tits they must have gone up two cup
sizes from the swelling. She made the damndest sounds when he grabbed those big
blasted bags of tit meat and squeezed them until I thought her eyes were going
to pop out of her head. My guess is she pissed blood for a week when he got done
working her sorry ass over. The funny part was except for her lacerated ass the
rest of her body just looked fat. You had to look close to find any marks from
those oranges. I realized I didn't have any oranges, but I'd get some for future
use in case my stupid little piggy got crazy again.

	I went back into the bathroom and dragged piggy out by her hair. She was
blubbering and acting like she didn't know why I just cold cocked her like that.
I dragged her over to the coffee table and told her to lie down on it and open
her legs wide and put her arms over her head. When she saw that I had covered
the carpet area around the coffee table with heavy plastic sheeting, she knew
she was in big trouble and started to cry even louder. I whacked her across the
head a couple of times and in a low voice warned her that if she made any more
fuss I was going to skin her alive before I dumped her down the garbage chute. I
guess my face must have told her that I knew what she and Ginny had been up to
in my absence, and she was hard pressed to avoid more tears. I threatened to
knock her teeth out if she dared make a sound, an empty promise, but she didn't
know that.

	A few minutes later I finished roping her wrists and ankles to the legs
of the coffee table, and then gagged her using a pair of her panties that had
been ripening in the hamper for at least a couple of days. It was my guess that
the stains in the crotch of those panties had something to do with what went on
while I was gone. Later I'd beat the truth out of her, if it had to be that way,
and find out what did happen while I was working to support this ungrateful pig.

	After sticking a couple of pillows under piggy's broad ass to elevate
her cunt into the right poition for all the punishment that shaved, fat-lipped
gash was going to get, I retrieved the paddles from beneath the couch and added
my belt to the collection. Piggy's eyes were glued to them, and she was
nervously shifting her body in anticipation of all the hurt I was about to bring
down on her. There was one more thing to take care of, making sure that the
neighbors weren't disturbed by the sound of me thrashing piggy to within an inch
of her life. I looked in my CD stack and chose some Nine Inch Nails. Nothing
like a little Trent Reznor angst to cover the sound of my strap and paddles
making contact with piggy's naked flesh.

	I went to the heavy artillery right off the bat. I let her see that she
was going to get a good dose of the thick paddle, the one I called the butt
buster or cunt crusher, depending on which side of the bimbo I was working over.
I hauled off and gave her the first one to that fat belly, probably still loaded
with all sorts of junk food. Even with Trent doing his thing in the background,
I could hear that satisfying sound of wood meeting flab as the paddle buried
itself into her soft gut. I watched her eyes for reaction and they did
everything but cross. The next one I landed to the same spot did make them cross
and then vomit and snot began coming out of her nostrils, a strange sight and
one which I had anticipated.

	If anything the sight of her spewing whatever came up from her stomach
all over herself and having it drip off her flabby body and wind up on the
sheeting protecting my carpet gave me a feeling of satisfaction. I was beginning
to anticipate things when it came to piggy. I gave her one more shot to the
stomach and watched as her face changed colors. When it got to pale blue I
yanked the panties out of her mouth so she could catch a breath as she continued
to barf all over herself.

	 As soon as it appeared that she wasn't going to die from drowning in
her own bile, I stuffed the panties back into her mouth and teed her up one more
time, this time flattening first the left and then her right tit. She started
bawling and choking at the same time. Two more of the best to those pillowy tits
did the job of convincing her that she was in for a night of hell and no amount
of tears was going to change what was coming to her. I decided it was time to
introduce her to the pussy punisher once again.

	The moment I picked up the other bad boy she shut her eyes tightly like
a kid wishing the boogeyman would go away. This was no boogeyman, this was
Freddie Kruger coming out to play with her cunt. The first swat caught
everything, the perfect hit. It whistled through the air and smashed every
square inch of her twat flat as a pancake. I stepped back to ready myself for
another hit, watching her pussy already beginning to swell as her cunt lips
turned crimson and puffed up like dough in a hot stove. Piggy was shaking her
head either trying to convince me that she had enough or because the pain was
frying her brain. I used two hands for the next shot and I thought she was going
to come right up off the coffee table. Her body started bouncing all over the
place, straining the ropes that kept her attached to the heavy piece of
furniture.

	It soon became apparent that the fifteen minute rule was no joke. Piggy
did not look good at all, and there was so much more I had to do before I was
satisfied that she'd never be a bad little girl again. It was time to decorate
her with some welts while her tits and cunt continued to swell. I started out on
her swollen tits and soon they were two crimson bags of welted flesh. She was
still heaving up against her bonds, but with a lot less energy. I gave the
nipples some serious attention using the buckle end of my belt. After taking a
half dozen of the very best I had to offer, she passed out on me. That got me
angry.

	The belt buckle ate up her cunt mouth like it was made out of putty. I
didn't bother to try to arouse her, it was much better this way. She was an easy
target, and when she finally woke up, she'd be in a world of hurt, which was
what I wanted her to experience. This was the last time I'd be able to do her up
like this. It would take her weeks to heal, but I had weeks available. I could
not afford another major setback, which led me to think about how I was going to
handle Ginny. That little tramp was probably behind what had happened in my
absence, piggy wasn't that devious. I either had to separate her from piggy or
intimidate her to the point that she was not a problem.

	It suddenly dawned on me that while I'd been mulling things over in my
mind, the rest of my body, especially my arm, was doing some serious damage to
her twat. I backed off immediately and surveyed the bleeding mess that used to
be piggy's cunt mouth. Her gash had been gashed big time. I'd torn her up pretty
good, so good in fact that she'd probably need some kind of medical attention.
It just so happens that I know a guy who knows a guy who knows a medical student
who for a price will do things like take out a bullet or sew up some whore who
just had an accident like falling down a flight of stairs with her hands tied
behind her back. I'd have to contact this kid tomorrow after I was done beating
piggy to a pulp. No sense getting her fixed up before I totally finished fucking
her up.

	I tried an old trick to wake piggy up that I learned from a guy who said
it worked unless the bimbo was already dead. Since her tits, what was left of
them, indicated that she was still breathing reguarly, I tried it out on her. I
pinched her nostrils closed and waited to see what would happen. It took about
thirty seconds for her to start struggling, but she was still out cold. I hung
on a while longer and her struggles intensified. Then her eyes flew open.

	I was so surprised that I let go of her nose and she started
hyperventilating. I quickly pulled her panties out of her mouth and let her get
as much air into her lungs as she wanted. Then it dawned on her that her cunt
felt like someone had stripped off the skin and poured acid all over it. She let
out a shreik that hurt my eardrums. I clapped my hands over her mouth and
pressed down as hard as I could to shut her up. You talk about a Mexican
standoff, this was it. If I let go, she'd make enough noise to bring the cops
over, but to keep her quiet seemed to require both hands to be effective. In
this situation it was a stalemate.

	Gradually I managed to get a couple of fingers free enough to put a
clamp on her nose. Then I hung on for dear life as that pudgy body thrashed
mindlessly against the ropes as she slowly lost consciousness from lack of air.
I had just come full circle. This time I taped the panties in place and waited
for her to regain her senses. I was kind of shaken over what had just happened
and vowed that she'd suffer for this little incident as well before I turned her
over to the student for some much needed repairs.

	I switched back to the butt buster and slammed it into her thighs until
they began to bruise from the rupturing blood vessels just beneath her stretched
skin. Then I went back to her belly and made some snot bubble out from her
nostrils once more. I was getting tired from swinging that heavy piece of wood,
so she only took a couple to those swollen tits. By then she was nearly out of
it, hardly moving anymore, just absorbing all the punishment I could dish out. I
decided that there were other ways to hurt this little trickster, so I went into
the bathroom to rummage around for something to stick up her asshole.

	I found some liniment guaranteed to reach the deepest aches in the body;
that sounded like just what the doctor ordered. I remember using it once on an
aching leg and how it made my eyes water. I put a couple of dollops of this
stuff as far up her bunghole as I could get my middle finger. It didn't take
long before she started to bounce her big butt off the coffee table as that
liniment began to eat into the tender walls of her shitter. From the way she was
mumbling and pounding her ass on the table that stuff was really doing a job on
her. Finally she calmed down, so I gave her asshole another lubing and she did
her little cooch dance once again.

	All that movement opened up a lot of those gashes around the mouth of
her cunt, so I was forced to play doctor on her. I went back to the bathroom and
this time I came out loaded for bear. I had some rubbing alcohol, a bottle of
iodine, some hydrogen peroxide and last but certainly not least, a couple of
styptic pencils, the old fashioned kind you used to stop the bleeding from
shaving accidents.

	You talk about playing doctor; here I was with all sorts of pussy, tits
and ass at my disposal, and instead of fucking it I was going to clean up the
cuts and stuff that she got by being a moron and trying to put one over on me.
To say that my bedside manner left something to be desired would be an
understatement. I was going to try my best to make this entire process as
painful as possible, since she certainly deserved it.

	First I splashed on the peroxide and watched it froth and foam as it ate
up some of the scabby material. Piggy's eyes were blinking back the tears as
this stuff had quite a wallop to it. The rubbing alcohol got an even better
response. She started doing that cooch dance again and the tears were rolling
down her plump cheeks in a steady stream. She was definitely hurting, but from
my point, I had killed off any bad guys that might cause infection.

	The iodine went on her next and she danced some more, but not as long. I
probably didn't need to use it on top of the other two, but to me it was just
good government, and besides it was another opportunity to fuck with her a
little bit more. Now I started in with the styptic pencils. They were made
mostly of alum, a kind of salt that stung for a brief instant when you put it on
a cut, but then did a pretty good job of stopping the bleeding provided you
didn't fool too much with it. I took nearly half an hour dabbing the stuff all
over her cunt lips, pussy mound and even inside her cunt in a few spots where
the belt buckle had managed to sneak in. I slapped her on the belly, causing her
to wince since the paddle had done a pretty good job of bruising her there.

	It was getting late and I didn't want to spend much more time fooling
around with piggy. I had all day tomorrow to finish up punishing her for being
stupid. What I wanted to know before I started up on her again, was all the gory
details of what went on while I was away making some serious money for the
cause. So I yanked the panties from her mouth, warned her about making any noise
and asked her to tell me the story of what she and Ginny did while I was away.

	Just to let her know how much I knew already, I showed her the pictures
I'd taken of the evidence, and told her I knew about the fixed scale as well. It
was fun to watch it dawn on her that she was screwed royally and completely at
my mercy. "I'll tell, please don't hurt me any more tonight, I hurt real bad." I
grinned when she offered to tell me her story. This was going to be very
interesting.



				(To be continued) 




					Picking and Choosing


					    Chapter 10


	For the next couple of weeks things settled down and I got piggy into a
routine that began to pay dividends when it came to making the weight drop off
her pudgy body. There was no sign of Ginny, which was just as well. Ralph
continued to come over every other night or so and do his anal thing with piggy
who was beginning to understand that what she and Ralph were doing had some
meaning if she was going to break into porn in a big way. When she wasn't
exercising or having sex with me, (mostly just doing my job, so I kept telling
myself as my cock sank into that fabulous asshole) piggy was getting an
education about the ins and outs of the porn world.

	You'd have to be a complete imbecile if you believed the bullshit that
you saw from those horribly boring interviews between the asshole claiming to be
the director and the empty-headed bimbo just trying to get the job so she could
pay her rent or take care of her boyfriend's habit. According to what you saw
and heard, every one of these airheads was in it for the sex and then the money
and thought it was just great fun.

	The reality of it was something else, and that is the part I wanted
piggy to understand. Porn was a business. Most of the people involved were nasty
SOBs who were doing it strictly for the money and would do almost anything to
stay where they were or improve their tenuous position. Talent was meat, not
pretty young things with names and aspirations. The half-life of the average
female porn "star" was measured in months. The specter of getting an STD,
herpes, or worse still HIV, was constantly hanging over you. The hours were
brutal and what the directors wanted just kept getting more and more demeaning
and weird as they pursued the next trend in perversion or humiliation.

	Those who survived, and there were some that did, were not the prettiest
or the best built. They were the ones that knew the score, cultivated the right
people and made sure they never missed a shoot. These few made sure that
whatever it was, they knew how to do it and make it look as if they were even
enjoying such delicate behavior as throat fucking, licking up cum from the
floor, taking two guys in the ass at the same time, being slapped silly, spanked
until their asses were crimson, and anything else the degenerate directing the
video could get away with. It truly was a business where only the strong of
stomach survived. This was the kind of information that the average sweet young
thing lacked. It was this reality that created so many one shot wonders, girls
who made one video, realized they weren't in Kansas or Orange County anymore,
and moved on to less stressing activities, such as working in Walmart or the
fast food industry.

	I still wasn't completely satisfied with piggy's progress, she had a
ways to go before I could risk taking a flier into the amateur porn business
with her. In the master plan my little pornlette was going to need some
reconstructive surgery such as a better pair of tits, and even a tummy tuck in
the worse case scenario. When you added that to the other little tricks to
deceive, such as possibly botox and definitely collagen injections to give her
bee stung lips that were so popular these days plus some laser and liposuction
work, I was looking at close to ten thousand in front end costs.

	There really were only two ways to get that kind of money, or so I
thought, rob a bank or turn her out so she could hustle for her keep. Neither
was very palatable to me, not on moral grounds so much as the realization that
she could not command the high end money that the more attractive and
sophisticated pros could bring in, and the risk of a long stretch in prison for
me if I got caught robbing a bank was not worth it. So I decided to take a few
small baby steps in the right direction. I made an arrangement with a guy I knew
who knew a guy who ran one of those yuppy type gyms. It was a place where the
men came not so much to work out, as to hit on their opposite numbers. The
"hitties" would be sweating it out on the stairmaster or whatever torture tool
was most popular these days for toning and tightening up figures that had gone
to pot from years of the wrong food and lack of exercise.

	Piggy was about to become a very key employee of the Slim Jim Gym. Her
duties were to keep everyone supplied with towels, and improve customer morale
by providing a number of important personal services for both the male and
female clientele. In exchange she would be allowed to use the facilities on
off-hours, and keep any tips she got for her personal services. The way it was
explained to me, piggy was going to be spending about twelve hours a day at the
gym servicing customers and working on toning and reshaping her flabby body.
That worked for me. I figured once I planted the word that piggy was also doing
porn videos under another name, business would skyrocket. Who wouldn't want to
bang a porn star, even if they never heard of her, and she was kind of on the
dumpy side?

	I sat down with my protogee and explained the facts of life to her while
she practiced her blowjob technique on my stiffy. Piggy was showing substantial
improvement in this most important skill. In fact midway in my lecture I
declared a recess since I had just blown a huge load into my pupil's mouth and
part of it had gotten up her nose when she started choking on all the little
wigglers I'd delivered. Once she recovered her equilibrium I resumed outlining
her duties and responsibilities while she was at the gym.

	Under no circumstances was she to let anyone do her in the ass unless he
wore a condom which she personally inspected for integrity. As a minimum she
should expect a tip of at least fifty bucks for this special service, in
advance. She was to deal only in cash; no credit cards, gifts or promises to pay
at a later date would be accepted. With women anything went, tongues, lips,
fists, stap-ons, vibrators and dildos; they all were good. It was eat or be
eaten, rim or be rimmed, sixty-nine all the time, whatever the ladies wanted,
that's what they'd get.

	It was a few days later that I had to revise my instructions to cover
water sports which seemed to be very popular among many of the clients. After a
time piggy was spending up to three hours in the showers on an average day being
sprayed with piss, gargling and swallowing the yellow stuff or providing her own
piss to her special clients who tipped big time for that service.

	There was only one problem; piggy was so busy servicing the gym
membership that she had no time to use the machines. However because she was so
busy working up a sweat as guys and girls nailed her in every hole by the hour,
she had little time to feel hunger pangs. Swallowing quarts of piss also kept
her belly full and thoughts of eating out of her head. Piggy had become the main
attraction at the Slim Jim Gym and so I decided to renegotiate our deal. The
manager wouldn't buy it, so I pulled piggy off the job, which made her very
unhappy. For the first time in her dull, drab existence she was the center of
attention of a large group of people who she admired for their wealth and
position in society. I had a very unhappy camper on my hands.

	I held out for a better arrangement despite all the grief she was giving
me at the apartment. Things got so bad that I had to reintroduce her to the
paddles. It was while I was flattening her keister one afternoon that I noticed
the change that had begun to take place. That ass started to have a little
bounce to it when I landed a good one. When I finished lathering her bottom to
the shade of crimson that she deserved, I had an ass attack, and the next thing
I knew I had her bent over the arm of the chair and my hard cock was doing a
very good imitation of a rototiller inside her velvet asshole. Damned if I
wasn't becoming addicted to piggy's shitter!

	A couple of days later, just mnutes after I had decided to stuff piggy
down the garbage chute before she made me lose my mind entirely, the owner of
the gym called and capitulated. He made me an offer that I could not refuse; my
life and plans were about to make a huge detour for a time. I agreed to become
one of the two managers of the Slim Jim Gym, and piggy was to become my
assistant in charge of Special Services. I was assigned to the night shift, a
perfect time for piggy to provide the unique services that had already become
her trademark. The only catch was that it was a twelve hour shift, which put a
cramp into any of the other deals that I was wont to become involved in these
days. I looked upon this as a necessary sacrifice for the cause.

	Piggy had her own office, a cubicle in the back of the gym that could
only be entered by means of a club key that cost the member one hundred bucks a
month. As a member in good standing he or she received discounts such as a free
sex or kinky act of choice for every five visits to piggy for special servicing.
Her cubicle featured a bed, shower stall and closed circuit TV to provide the
kind of ambience that most of her customers desired while she was servicing
them. I was also taking the liberty of taping the activities that took place in
piggy's area as a method of controlling the clientele. In this business there
was such a thing as too many customers. Customers had a habit of bragging and
talking about things that should remain private. Once they realized that their
little peccadillos were on tape and would be used against them if the vice squad
came down on my nice little scam, they lined up like filings on a magnet when it
came to the issue of security.

	My shy, retiring porn star to be turned into something decidedly
different when she got that little cubicle. She was no longer piggy, from that
moment on she was Miss Goodbody, and even I was expected to use her new name. As
long as she lost weight and delivered the kind of money that was rolling in
these days I was happy to comply with her wishes. After a week or so I started
to make my imprint on the business. In the early morning hours, starting around
3AM after the usual business tailed off, I instituted the exercise with Miss
Goodbody session, open only to card carrying members.

	Peggy, no longer piggy, would work out in the nude before an audience of
men and women who practically drooled as they watched her go through her
routines with that big ass bouncing and those big titties flopping all over the
place. From there it graduated to Peggy wearing attire that was supplied by the
members and that really went over big. Nothing like watching an overweight babe
wearing a garter belt, hose and a bustier that ended just below her tits and a
few inches above her pussy, working out on a stairmaster or pumpng iron thanks
to the weight machines. To my amazement overweight became pleasingly plump
within a matter of weeks. Miss Goodbody was really into exercise and repairing
her self-esteem. I began to get worried at this dramatic change.

	Back at the apartment, things changed as well. Ralph was put in his
place on more than a few occasions by Miss Goodbody, but he didn't complain
because as he confided in me, our little porno princess was growing up fast. He
couldn't seem to get enough of her asshole, which made me a bit jealous, since
I'd been the first to realize that her tight tunnel of fun was unique even
though it was attached to a body that certainly didn't deserve it. For me it was
no fun either as she was now all business. There was dust on my paddles and she
was wearing me out with her demands to learn how to give a better blowjob,
survive a major throat fucking and come back for more, not to mention joining in
with Ralph to develop her abilities for double penetration, then double vag and
finally on one long and very freaky evening pulling off the latest rage, double
anal.

	She became an ass to mouth maniac and soon my excursions into her tight
asshole were interrupted constantly by her need to remove my cock so she could
suck everything off that it had collected, before allowing me to continue what I
had begun. Sometimes it took me nearly an hour to get off because of all those
damned breaks in the action. Then from there she started whining that she needed
a female partner so she could practice all the tricks of the trade involved in
doing girl-girl.I was at my wits end.

	To assist her in developing her girl-girl expertise, I dropped her rates
for the distaff side at the gym. Now she was taking on a steady stream of sex
happy women who loved to eat pussy or have their's done. An hour long sixty-nine
session was not out of the ordinary any more.

	Then this one lesbian showed up and turned Miss Goodbody inside out.
When she wasn't reaming out my money-maker's asshole and cunt with her monster
strap-on, she was having her asshole polished to perfection by Peggy. What made
it even more freaky was that she always first cuffed Peggy's hands behind her
back. That seemed to kick my little porno star's need for sex up at least
another couple of notches. That babe would drag Peggy into the shower so she
could piss all over her and make her swallow as much as her belly could hold. I
don't know where all that piss came from, but she could deliver it by the pint,
take a break so she could rearrange Peggy's colon with her strap-on, then do a
repeat piss performance in my little girl's mouth.

	Then one session she decided to introduce Miss Goodbody to the fine art
of fist fucking. She lubed up Peggy's cunt with what looked like a handful of
shortening, then proceeded to stick one finger after another into her until only
her thumb was outside. Then she leaned forward and managed to get her entire
hand into Peggy. I was mesmerized by what I was seeing. Peggy's eyes were
popping as she watched the babe change her hand into a fist. It must have been a
weird feeling to realize what was happening inside her cunt. Then the woman
began to push and pull her arm, moving it slowly further and further inside
Peggy. I watched as inch by inch her arm was swallowed by Peggy's cunt. Miss
Goodbody looked like she was in labor, trying to deliver a small automobile or
some such item into the world. I could not believe it when her elbow pushed
against the entrance to Peggy's bloated cunt. That is as far as she went the
first time.

	Things got even stranger when Peggy decided to add a few new exercises
that she'd do naked as well as cuffed. There was standing room only for her
debut. She opened up by doing her version of jumping jacks, that drew plenty of
applause simply because her tits would get moving so much that they looked as if
they'd fly off her chest after one more jump. But it was the squats that brought
down the house. I spotted for her at the opening performance.

	Everyone started talking excitedly when I placed the long, thick column
of black rubber shaped like a cock down and pushed on it to attach it firmly to
the floor. It jutted up over a foot into the air, sixteen inches to be exact. I
know, for I had purchased it for her to use at the apartment in her spare time.
At first she didn't like to work with it at all, claiming that it made her cunt
sore when she used it for more than a minute or so. I remember keeping after her
about using it and finally resorting to the paddle to convince her that she had
to start using it regularly or she'd never make it in porn. Until she got the
job at the gym she grudgingly worked with it as little as she could get away
with doing, but now that the new Miss Goodbody had bubbled up to the surface,
she was gung-ho to not only use it, but to master it as well. Tonight she was
taking that first step in the process.

	There was a ring of white that marked the depth to which she was now
able to take this monster, ten inches. I helped her get settled over the
replica, and kept my hand on her shoulder to balance her as she made the first
pass, slowly squatting to let the head of the monster part her cunt lips and
begin boring up into her twat. There was dead silence as inch after inch of
black rubber disappeared into her cunt as she kept bending her knees and
lowering her body. Once she reached her limit, the white circle was just barely
visible. She paused, her thighs quivering from the strain. "Go deeper" hollered
one of the onlookers and a chorus of voices took up the cry for Miss Goodbody to
swallow more of the brute now stretching her insides to their limit. I pushed
down on her shoulder and she gulped, took a deep breath and jammed anoher inch
into her bloated fuck box. A cheer went up from the group as she held her
position and then began to raise herself from the replica. It took nearly twenty
minutes for her to do twenty-five squats, and then she collapsed, toppling off
the black column and rolling on her side, totally exhausted.

	Two days later I introduced a new event for our special members. From
now on, at precisely 4AM, Miss Goodbody would appear in all her nakedness and
work with the replica for exactly thirty minutes. Before her appearance a
drawing would be made to determine who would be her spotter. His or her duties
were to keep Peggy balanced, since she would have her hands cuffed behind her
back, and motivated to keep working. Motivation could be supplied via mouth,
hands or sex organs. The first drawing winner chose to hold Miss Goodbody's hair
and throat fuck her as she did her slow squats. They moved in tandem, bending
and rising as his cock moved in and out of her mouth, tickling her tonsils on
occasion, causing her to cough and lose concentration. Based on the trouble he
had caused for my star attraction, I altered the rules to forbid choking Miss
Goodbody as she worked. This did not prevent people from getting creative, and I
took notes on the more inventive approaches to "spotting". Another thing that
became a part of the show was the battle between the ladies in attendance to get
to lick the replica clean of all the secretions that Miss Goodbody left behind
on the giant tool. This activity never failed to entertain the male audience and
always led to a surge in customers for Miss Goobody's private and very personal
sevices.

	Things were going so well it was frightening. After expenses, which
included a twenty percent kickback to the gym owner for use of the facilities,
we cleared a little over eighteen thousand the first month, and Peggy lost
eleven pounds and five inches from her hips and waist. I decided it was time to
make arrangements for her surgeries. Based on her much improved progress, it
didn't appear that she'd be needing a tummy tuck, or a fanny lift, but there
were areas on her firming body that did need some liposuction. She was however
going to get a boob job to do something about those big floopy tits. I decided
to cut some corners and see if I could work out some kind of a deal to exchange
some amount of Miss Goodbody's personal services for a break in the cost of the
operation. All the rest of the work involved procedures such collagen
injections, laser skin rejuvenation, contacts, which hopefully would get rid of
that squint she had, and perhaps laser hair removal. The last mentioned was a
tossup since pubic hair seemed to go in and out of fashion over a two to three
year period, but armpits had to be smooth under all but the most radical of
conditions.

	A week later it got a bit sticky when I received a visit from a
gentleman who said he represented a personal security agency. He offered, for a
fee of ten thousand per month to make sure that the premises were not bothered
by local law enforcement and our clientele would continue to be free of any type
of harrassment from organized gangs of bullies who preyed on such
establishments. To be blunt, it was a shakedown and we both knew it. This dark
cloud threatened progress and so I decided to delay the inevitable for as long
as possible, which turned out to be only three days.



				(To be continued)




				Picking and Choosing


				     Chapter 11


	Things did not look very good for team Piggy. Losing the gym deal had
put a severe crimp in my plans. First of all it cut off the money supply that
was vital if I was to get Piggy turned into the type of babe that could make it
in the world of porn. Second it put the brakes to Piggy's new exercise regimen
that was just beginning to pay some serious dividends, as well as acting as a
motivating force for her to continue getting into the kind of shape that she
needed to be in before even considering some serious plastic surgery. I was
down, as low as I can ever remember. I seemed to be hemmed in on all sides by
forces that I could not control or deal with satisfactorily. That's when Mr.
Benjamin contacted me with a deal that gave me pause. His real name was never
revealed, but I liked the fact that his moniker reminded me of money, fairly
large sums of money.

	It turned out he had a friend who had a friend who was a big fan of Miss
Goodbody and had expressed a great deal of dismay about her abrupt departure
from the Slim Jim Gym premises. It just so happened that Mr. Benjamin, who was
well connected to all the right people, was developing a plan to significantly
enhance the income of a certain segment of the porn industry, namely the stuff
being made south of the border. He envisioned a sort of porn enclave located
right across the border from the US. Not only would it be capable of cranking
out product featuring local talent as well as visiting guest workers from the US
and other foreign countries, it would also have the capability to edit and
produce the tapes or CDs before they made their way across the border. The
transportation was to be handled by the same shadowy organization reponsible for
most of the smuggling of Mexican and Latin American families across the border,
as well as moving vast quantities of illegal drugs into the US.

	He had run the numbers for his backers and they were rather impressed by
his bottom line that promised a finished, professionally shot and manufactured
product that would under-cut the current market price by some fifty percent and
still show a handsome profit. What made it most attractive was that his product
would force the majority of the existing US porn industry to go out of business.
Then to add a little something extra that no US company could compete with, he
was planning on producing a special line of what he called ultrablue CDs. This
is where Piggy, or perhaps I should say Miss Goodbody came in. She was to be the
prototype for the type of talent that would be used in the ultrablue
productions. You talk about being in on the ground floor of something; this was
it!

	I'll give this guy credit for doing his homework. He had a marketing
study done that showed the average porn addict had no particular loyalty to any
star or production company. In most cases the addict could care less about plot
or dialogue. In fact they were considered to be handicaps to a successful
product.These folk were price conscious, a critical factor in the decision to
take this new approach to doing porn. The addict did care about fresh meat or
talent who were capable of doing what the old faces were doing without any
breaking-in period. Most importantly the addict wanted more than what the US
companies dared to provide for fear of legal assaults from the local government
or worse still, the Feds. Since Mr. Benjamin's organization was based entirely
in Mexico, the odds of any serious problems occurring were minimized provided
the public didn't have it's nose rubbed in it. This is where the ultrablue line
came in.

	My first question to him was fairly obvious. With all the talent
available close to the border, why bother going with an unknown like Miss
Goodbody? Why not just use the pros that would be happy as clams at high tide to
do ths kind of stuff and not have to pay taxes on the money they received. That
was the hooker he told me. There were two problems; they were so well known that
they couldn't shelter their overseas money from the tax man, and two, they would
be open to legal harrassment for their appearance in a CD that overstepped local
standards for obscenity, or some such nonsense. The bottom line was that unknown
American amateurs such as Miss Goodbody and talent from other countries, that
would choose not to work in the US at the same time, would provide the backbone
of this line. Naturally since it was oriented to the US  a certain fraction had
to be able to at least understand English. I became convinced that this guy knew
what he was doing and so I signed up to provide the services of Miss Goodbody in
this new endeavor. If this kind of way of doing business was popular with the
big US corporations, the whales of industry, it was good enough for this minnow.

	Naturally there was cause for celebration when I broke the news to my
budding off-shore porn star-to-be. Miss Goodbody spent the better part of the
evening making sure that every drop of sperm that I manufactured was ingested by
her vacuuming mouth. She also made sure that my cock stayed buried in her tight
asshole whenever it showed any signs of rigidity. What made that so great was
that she would do nearly all the work, bouncing that big plump ass up and down
and only stopping when I informed her that an impending delivery of sperm was
about to occur. Then she would hop off and exchange places, substituting her
warm, wet mouth for that warm, wet tunnel of flesh that had been wrapped around
my joint previously. Man it was a night to remember.

	On the other hand there were problems with my buddy, Ralph, who accused
me of acing him out with Mr. Benjamin. I suggested that he talk to the man if he
had a problem with the deal we had struck. Ralph proved to be a reluctant
dragon. He did however claim that Miss Goodbody should, in the interests of fair
play, agree to a little get-together over at his apartment in the very near
future. As luck would have it, the night in question that Ralph was seeing how
many times he could cum in Peggy's asshole, her ex-roommate, Ginny, paid me a
visit.

	She was most contrite and since I was still on my high from the deal
with Mr. Benjamin I was rather magnanimous and did not add some new bruises to
the ones she already had picked up since her departure from my apartment that
evening when she got caught with her hand in the cookie jar, so to speak. I let
myself be talked into a blowjob as her way of saying she was sorry for what
she'd done. She stripped to her bra and panties and got down on her knees while
I settled back in my easy chair waiting for her to get busy.

	It was then that I noticed the fresh bruises and cuts that she'd picked
up from the most recent boyfriend. Before I could comment on them, her mouth
engulfed my cock and then I sat back and watched her blonde hair bobbing up and
down as she gave me a very professional hummer. When I came, she swallowed every
drop and smacked her lips to announce that she was finished. We made some small
talk and I suggested that perhaps she might want to hang around and wait for
Peggy's return.

	While we waited, I gave her a rundown of what had been happening with
Peggy, or should I say Miss Goodbody. Ginny was flabbergasted to hear about her
ex-roommate's progress, but she really got excited when I told her about the
deal I had just signed up for with Mr. Benjamin. The next thing I knew she
shrugged off her bra and shimmyed out of her panties, announcing that she was
hot to fuck me. I always get suspicious when things lke this happen, and tonight
was no different. However, Ginny would not take no for an answer and so we did
the nasty on my living room carpet, despite her urgings for us to retire to my
bedroom where we could be more comfortable.

	After I filled her cunt with my second load of wiggglers for the
evening, I began to debate the wisdom of letting her hang around. I didn't want
Peggy getting all bent out of shape about the fact that I was nailing her former
friend while she was out making sure that Ralph wouldn't be causing me any grief
about her leaving for Mexico. Ginny took off for the bathroom to get herself
back together and I just stretched out on the carpet and stared at the ceiling
as I figured out how to politely give her the old heave-ho. Things got a bit
sticky a few minutes later when she returned and heard my suggestion that it was
getting late and perhaps Peggy would be staying over with Ralph since it was to
be their last evening together.

	I knew as soon as the words fell from my lips that she wasn't buying any
of it. She got a little loud and at that point I did add a  fresh bruise to her
collection, whacking her right across the tits and grabbing her by the throat as
she covered up. I really don't know what might have happened next. Who knows? I
might have tried to slam her head through the wall or maybe choked her out. She
had gotten me royally pissed off! I started reliving that evening when she tried
to play me like I was some kind of sucker. My hands began to tighten around her
neck and her eyes started to bug out as she realized that she's pushed the wrong
button and might pay a terrible price for her mistake.

	You talk about being saved by the bell. At that very moment, who should
come waltzing through the door but my meal ticket, back from successfully taking
care of business with Ralph. The look on her face was priceless as she took it
all in. There I was in my birthday suit, squeezing the life out of her
ex-roommate, who wasn't wearing much more than I. She let out a scream that
nearly shattered my eardrums. It brought me out of my rage in nothing flat. I
quickly let go of Ginny's windpipe and threw my hands up, signaling my
surrender. Then I clambered to my feet, gave Ginny a good solid shot to her head
that sent her reeling and pointed an accusing finger in the direction of Peggy,
who now realized she had interrupted something she didn't want to know about,
but was going to find out about anyway.

	"Did you put this cunt up to this little visit she made tonight? Who do
you think you are, the broad who writes the advice to the lovelorn column? I got
news for you, you're still just a dumb cunt who doesn't have the sense to get in
out of the rain." There is nothing like going on the offense to cover up a big
mistake. I was in a groove, so I kept up the attack.

	 "You're supposed to be over at Ralph's making sure he's well screwed.
How come you're here instead? I know that SOB, there's no way you get out of his
place in one piece unless you slipped him a mickey. What's going on, do you
think you're too good for poor Ralph just because I, your fucking manager, got
you a job that most bimbos would kill for. I'll bet this little cunt I just
decked would fuck me stupid for a chance to get the kind of work you got! So
what do I get, disloyalty! I'm so pissed right now I could take the paddle to
your sorry ass. Do me and yourself a favor and get the fuck out and take her
with you. I don't want to see your fat ass until I'm calmed down, and I don't
fucking know when that might be."

	My rant worked like a charm. Ginny scrambled to her feet, threw on her
blouse and skirt, grabbed up her undies and shoes and made a beeline for the
door with Peggy not too far behind her. I slammed the door hard once they had
cleared my apartment and chuckled to myself. I still had it and in this case, I
really needed it. I decided to let the two of them stew for a day or so before I
allowed Peggy to return. Naturally I would gig her silly just to make sure she
understood who was who around here. I wasn't sure what I'd do when it came to
Ginny. She gave damn good head and the pussy she served up this evening wasn't
bad either. I  probably should see what kind of anal action she could provide
before I came to any conclusion about her. Who knows maybe there might be a
place for her in this new venture. That would be a whole lot better than just
depending on Peggy for my next big score. I decided to turn in and worry about
what to do with those two tomorrow.


				( To be continued)




				Picking and Choosing

				     Chapter 12


	I took it easy for the next day or so, hitting the bar where I first
discovered Piggy, my little potential moneymaker, to check out the local talent.
I spent a few dollars as an investment in the future, pouring drinks down a
couple of semi pro hookers to see how anxious they were about making some easy
money without any harassment from the local cops. One expressed a great deal of
interest, the other told me to get lost. The second was the one that interested
me the most for a number of reasons including her youth. She looked to be maybe
twenty once you got through the heavy makeup and dyed blonde hair. However her
best feature was her tits, they looked to be at least 38Ds and definitely
original equipment. It was getting harder and harder to find a woman with real
tits, especially real big tits like this one, her name was Maureen, possessed.
To her credit Maureen was all business and once she realized I was not in a
buying mood for her professional services, she dropped me like a hot rock and
moved on to greener pastures. She did however give me her message service number
in case I changed my mind and wished to exchange some money for the use of her
body.

	The next evening I paid a surprise visit to the apartment where I knew
Piggy was staying. After pounding on the door for a couple of minutes I heard
Ginny's voice asking who it was. When I told her, she mumbled something and told
me to wait. I cooled my heels for a couple of minutes and then resumed pounding
on the door. I was just getting ready to kick my way in, when I heard Piggy's
voice asking what I wanted. After she heard that she had one minute to get her
sorry ass out here so we could go back to my place, there was a moment of
silence. I hadn't bothered to mention that I planned to beat the hell out of
her, because I knew she wasn't that dumb not to expect to be knocked around some
once I had her back at my place. Then she asked for five minutes, claiming she
had to dress since she was in bed asleep before Ginny got her up to talk to me.
I had my suspicions that perhaps I'd interrupted some hanky panky going on
inside and so I gave her two minutes and started counting.

	As soon as she opened the door to exit, I pushed my way inside and made
a beeline for the bedroom, expecting to find some stud hiding under the bed or
in the closet. Instead I found Ginny, stark  naked and using a bullet vibrator
on her cunt. I had to admit that she looked pretty good, all spread out with
everything available.I could see that her cunt was already getting juiced up,
but that did not stop me from opening the closet, which turned out to be full of
clothing with no stud in evidence. I looked under the bed and as an added bonus
took a good close look at Ginny's tits, which were nice and firm from what I
could see and had nipples that could cut glass. Then it hit me, no woman could
go from zero to wet that fast. Those two must have been doing the naughty when I
pounded on the door. I blew Ginny a kiss and took my leave, dragging Piggy with
me.

	As I drove her back to my place I told her that she was now on probation
again. I also informed her that I was on to her and Ginny and what they had been
doing while I waited outside their door. Piggy, no longer Miss Goodbody until
further notice, got real quiet and started shaking, when I announced that once I
had her in my apartment, she was going to get a major league gigging that she
wouldn't forget for a long time. Then to rub it in further, I ordered her to
lift her dress up and start diddling her cunt, and it better be nice and juicy
by the time we got over to my place or I'd make her strip off and play with
herself until she did, no matter how long it took and no matter who decided to
enjoy the view. I thought she was going to faint, she looked that scared. I
spotted an alley that looked deserted and pulled into it and cut the engine. She
hadn't made a move to lift her dress since I ordered her to do it. I reached
over and smacked her across the side of the head to get her attention. "Now take
off that fucking dress and anything else you have on underneath it and hand them
over to me or get the hell out of the car and hike back to Ginny's; it's your
choice, this is fucking it!"

	I stuffed her panties and bra in the glove compartment, balled up her
dress and crammed it under my seat, then ordered her out of the car so I could
put her in the trunk for the rest of the trip. "When I open the trunk the next
time, that pussy of yours between be soaking wet or I'll take the skin off your
fat, flabby ass right there and then take you back to this alley and dump you,
as is, in your birthday suit for the bums to enjoy." I watched as she chewed her
lip and her eyes bounced around in a panic. I was really enjoying playing with
her mind. In reality I was just fooling around and just making it even better
when I had her up at my place naked and bent over the arm of my overstuffed
chair so I could begin whaling on that big broad bottom while she grunted and
moaned into her panties which would be crammed into her mouth.

	To softened her up even more I took a little detour and left the car
parked a block or so from the bar I'd been in the night previously. Naturally
she had no idea of where I'd gone or how long I'd be away. My luck continued to
be bad as another potential candidate for Mexico blew me off, claiming she was
happy turning tricks. My guess was the real reason for the no sale was the fact
that she had no idea who, or how real I might be.  According to my watch it was
getting close to eleven, so I left the bar and strolled to my car, which was
still where I'd left it, and didn't seem to have been broken into. That would
have been pretty funny if some guy broke into the car and popped the trunk to
find Piggy playing with her twat in a pool of pussy juice.

	To let Piggy know that  it was either me or some guy getting ready to
steal the car, I thumped on the lid of the trunk. After deliberately making a
couple of attempts to get the door open, which I'm sure made her more than a bit
edgy, and spending about five minutes fooling around with the ignition switch,
we finally took off for parts unknown. Then for the grand finale we went in a
different direction for about twenty minutes. Coming upon an industrial park of
sorts, it made sense to park and check on my passenger, and perhaps let her give
me some head for my troubles. By the time I opened the trunk, she was a
blubbering mess, begging me not to rape her before recognizing me as my backhand
caught her across the face.

	I dragged her from the trunk and dumped her naked body into the front
seat. I got in and ordered her to start sucking me off and make it good or else
I'd give her something to really blubber about and she'd still get a good
workout once she was back at my place. I almost felt sorry for this confused,
overweight bundle of neuroses, but toughed it out as she struggled to get me
good and hard so she could start jacking me off into her mouth, which was what I
called a halfway type of blowjob. The way she was hunched over my crotch didn't
give me much maneuvering room to get at her tits or any of the other goodies I
typically liked to fool with while getting a hummer.

	Piggy kept sucking and occasionally choking on her own saliva when she
went too deep. My mind started to wander onto other matters such as what to do
with Ginny , and the whole Mexican move. The next thing I knew, she was
blubbering all over my cock which had lost most of its rigidity. I socked Piggy
a good one to the back of her neck and yanked her head up off my spit covered
dick. The rabbit punch had dazed her; all I could see was her open mouth and
those big tits heaving as she continued to cry in that whiny way that drove me
to distraction.

	I grabbed a nipple and twisted until she yelped. "OK fatso, now you
can't even give a decent blowjob! Tell me why I shouldn't dump your fat ass out
of the car without your clothes and let you figure out a way to get back to your
fuck buddy Ginny so you and her can turn tricks when you're not chowing down on
each other's rancid cunts." I slapped her silly as soon as she started that
damned whining and sniffing. This time she got the message and stiffled the
water works. She didn't give me any argument when I stuffed her ass back into
the trunk and told her the next time we stopped she better have a nice wet pussy
or I'd dump her back in that alley and let the bums get some free pussy, since
that was all it would be worth to me. At this point Ginny was beginning to look
pretty good as a replacement for this fat, lying, teary-eyed loser.

	It was well past midnight by the time I parked the car and let Piggy out
of the trunk. I made her put her hands behind her neck and spread her legs so I
could check how moist her pussy was. She was positively dripping! Piggy even
moaned when I slipped one and then three fingers up that soaking snatch and
moved them around to make her squirm. Then I made her suck her pussy juice from
my fingers. To make things interesting, I decided to take her up the back stairs
without the benefit of any clothing. I debated about letting her put on her
panties, but decided to go for broke. At this late hour the only people we'd run
into were drunks, burglars and guys looking for pussy, so I knew my little
moneymaker, such as she was, would be my get out of jail card no matter who I
encountered.

	We went up two flights with her in the lead so I could work up some
interest by staring at that dripping cunt peaking from between her heavy thighs
as her big ass wiggled and wobbled while she climbed the stairs. We made it to
my apartment and just as I was fumbling for my key one of the neighbors, an
older guy who I nodded to, but didn't know by name came down the hall and did a
double take. He was kind of lit, that's probably why he walked up to us and
practically drooled at my naked companion who tried to hide her pussy with one
hand and shield part of her big set of tits with the other.

	I grinned at Piggy's predicament and greeted the guy like he was an old
friend. "What do you think? To my way of looking it's not bad considering I got
her out of a dumpster after she was gangbanged all day and half the night be a
bunch of bums and winos who live in an alley downtown. At least that's the story
she gave me. I'm going to clean her up and see if that snapper is still tight
enough to fuck."  To help him get a good view of Piggy's best features, I
slapped her hands away from her body and told her to put them on top of her head
and spread her legs so my friend could get a good view of her goodies.The guy's
eyes got real big and he licked his lips as he stared at Piggy's dripping cunt
and big tits.

	After I jammed half my hand up her twat and pulled it out with a
squishing sound so she could lick her pussy juice off, I thought his eyes were
going to pop out of his head. The poor guy was starting to shake from the
excitement of seeing a naked woman only a foot or so away from him. I took this
opportunity to fish out my key and open up the door. Then I put the icing on the
cake by casually mentioning that in case she turned out to be worth fucking, I'd
knock on his door to see if he wanted to tear off a piece or two. "Make sure you
got some rubbers because this pig has been fucked by so many guys, she probably
has VD and might even be HIV positive." That comment sort of took the starch out
of his cock, but he still nodded his head and told me to knock on his door no
matter how late it was. I promised to do that as I shoved Piggy through  the
door and followed her, shutting the door quickly before the guy got too eager
and made a scene.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Picking and Choosing


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 13


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the door shut, I realized I'd forgotten to take her clothing and underwear with me. Then I shrugged, figuring all I planned on using while I worked her over was her panties. So I improvised by resurrecting a pair of my briefs from the hamper where they had been ripening for a couple of days. She was so terrified at the moment that having my filthy underwear in her mouth wouldn't have much meaning for her. I knew what was going through her tiny, sometimes devious mind. She was already working on some kind of a scheme to stop me from beating the stuffing out of her. I figured why not let her try? It wouldn't change anything. At best it would only delay the inevitable, the mother of all beatings that I was going to dish out to this flabby, cock teasing tramp.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided to have some fun with her. I held up my dirty underwear and innocently asked if she had anything she wanted to say before I gagged her with them and started beating the piss out of her for being a lying, sneaky, cunt of a whore. Piggy immediately began to whine and blame everything that had happened in the last few days on her roomie, Ginny. I let her go on for a few minutes before I cuffed her a good one across her face, leaving a nice imprint of my half closed fist on her cheek. I figured it wouldn't leave much of a mark by tomorrow, unless she continued to piss me off. I ordered her to turn around and put her hands behind her back so I could tie them. I made her stand and wait until I rummaged around in the kitchen and came up with a length of clothesline that I kept for just such a situation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy whined and winced as I tied her wrist tightly together and then added another couple of loops around her elbows. I pulled the ropes as tight as I could, adding a little more discomfort to what was about to occur to her. She dutifully opened her mouth and allowed me to jam my ripe briefs into that cavern until it was stuffed to its limit. I used some adhesive tape to keep the make shift gag in place. Now I had to decide where and in what position to place piggy before I commenced pounding her big ass into mush. I made her climb onto the seat of my overstuffed chair and lean over the top so her tits hung over the back, acting as another target once I got bored smashing that saggy bottom flat with my fraternity paddle. I was holding the pussy paddle in reserve for later when a change of pace made sense.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The stance that I chose, standing to the side and using both hands to wield the paddle, proved to be most effective. Each blow landed with a loud crack, immediately followed by a stiffled grunt, showing that the gag was working well. After a half dozen brutal blows that had me panting for breath, I took a break and checked out how piggy was coping. The tears were rolling down her flushed cheeks and the other set of cheeks was turning a very bright shade of crimson. On closer inspection I noticed that the perimeter of the paddle was also causing blood vessels to burst. By morning she would be carrying some nasty bruises and worse at the rate I was going.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy's cunt was beginning to ooze based on the finger test. I wiped my fingers off on the burning skin of her butt and planned the next round. Perhaps moving to the other side might even out the damage to her swollen ass cheeks. Six more cracks echoed through the room, along with more grunts and muffled sobs. Her ass was beginning to turn&nbsp; a purple-red color on the areas that took direct hits from the wooden paddle, while the rest was still crimson. There were also a few blood blisters that had formed; some had even burst, leaving behind little droplets. I rubbed my hand over her bruised and swollen flesh and felt the various marks left by the paddle. I figured she was good for perhaps another round, two tops. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She didn't know it yet, but in two days we were starting the drive to our new base of operations located just south of San Diego, some twenty-six hundred miles from here. I figured it might take us four, maybe five days, depending on who drove. It was still up in the air whether Ginny would be coming with us. The thought of piggy having to sit on an ass that felt as if it was on fire for maybe twelve to fourteen hours a day made me chuckle to myself. Naturally she'd be expected to provide some entertainment at our stop-overs. I could hardly wait to nail that blistered ass and see how she responded. That thought got me going and so I declared a break in her gigging so I could see how fucking that ass of hers felt when it was fresh from a good paddling. Another finger test indicated that she was going to be a fun fuck for sure, based on the pussy juice coating my two fingers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that the nasty side of my personality took hold. An ugly plan began forming in my head that would not only give me plenty of pleasure, but it would also take piggy down another peg or so as well as make her ass fucking a lot more painful than her tiny mind could have ever imagined. I walked around the chair so she could see me. First I cupped her big soft tits and then began squeezing them harder and harder, watching her face begin to react to first the discomfort and finally the pain of having them mauled. I I looked her square in the eye and asked if she'd rather I fucked her in the ass. She didn't waste any time nodding her acceptance of my generous offer. I grinned and gave those saggy bags a few hard smashes, just to remind her that she had very little to say about what I wanted to do to her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Always the nice guy, I suggested that piggy might be more comfortable if I rearranged her position, using the coffee table which she had pissed all over in a previous session. Piggy took me up on my generous offer, docilely allowing me to place her so the long end of the table supported her upper torso as she knelt on the carpet. I used a few loops of rope to tightly bind her down to the table, and another couple of pieces to tie her knees to the table legs, holding her in an ideal position so that I could ass fuck her with maximum force as I worked on her from above.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Since I have no idea who you've been fucking these days and whether or not they used a rubber, I'm not taking any chances of getting a little gift from one of your other boyfriends, or are they customers?" I watched her face cloud up and her eyes blink fast, which was a sure sign that she was totally confused about things, just the way I wanted her to be. I deliberately took my time heading for the bathroom to get a rubber, warning her that if she so much as moved a muscle she'd get more of the paddle before and then after her ass fucking. I had to cover my delight at the way she reacted to my words; they had gotten to what was left of her self esteem and were eating away at it according to the look on her face and that weird way her eyes were moving.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once in the bathroom I searched around in the medicine cabinet for the sports cream I used when I&nbsp; pulled a muscle doing something stupid. This stuff looked innocuous, but it could take the skin off an alligator if used incorrectly. I very carefully squeezed a line of this whitish cream along the length of my condom covered cock, stopping a inch or so short of my groin. I quickly spread it out with my fingertips and quickly removed the residue with some toilet paper, feeling the first wave of heat already developing from this nasty ointment. I knew that piggy would think I'd injected her asshole with acid once this stuff went to work on her insides. Maybe there wouldn't be enough time available to ass fuck her to my satisfaction if the stuff got too hot for her to handle. I'd worry about that if and when it happened. Maybe I'd use her cunt instead if she got too hard to handle, that might be a nice change of pace and just add to her all over pain. Damn, I sure can be creative when I put my mind to it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I brought out the tube of "Super Heat", and placed it on the floor where I could get at it if she needed a little extra to get her moving like I hoped she would. I gave her well marked ass a couple of good swats with my open hand to let her know that she was about to get cornholed. I could see her flabby body getting tense as she awaited the entry of my cock into her shitter. I held those crimson cheeks wide apart and positioned the head of my sheathed cock against her sphincter and put some weight behind it. I popped through that ring of tough muscle and pushed a couple of inches into her rectum. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first she made just the normal response to having her asshole plundered. We'd done this enough times that she was beginning to get used to having my dick plumbing her depths. Then her head came up and back as the first wave of heat began to penetrate the membrane protecting her colon. I shifted into another gear and drove another couple of inches into her as she began to buck against the ropes holding her to the coffee table. I arched my back so I could start pounding away on her kidney area to give her something else to worry about. Now I could hear all sorts of muffled noises coming from her gagged mouth as the heat intensified, and she got the full effect of the hot sauce that was now blistering the walls of her lower intestines.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy nearly ruptured herself trying to get up from the table, but the ropes held her firmly. I rode her bucking, twisting body as she went crazy from the fire that she could have sworn was melting her insides away. I had to suppress the desire to whoop and holler as if I was riding some wild mustang, breaking the animal to my will. I managed to work another two or three inches of hard dick into that shitter, spreading the flames deeper. Piggy was on the verge of passing out from the pain, but I was just developing a good rhythm that kept the pressure on. My cock drilled for oil in that blistered back channel as she struggled to escape the fires of hell that were burning deep inside her spasming colon.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don't know how long I drilled out that flaming shitter, but finally her efforts to escape the pain ran out of steam, or perhaps the ointment had lost its kick. I didn't care much by then, since her asshole had a death-grip on my cock, wrapped tightly around my joint as I pounded away inside that tight fuck tube before finally filling the reservoir of the condom to its limit. I leaned over and let her broad body support me as I got my second wind. I glanced down at the carpet and saw the tube of ointment sitting there. I was tempted to load her shiitter up with some fresh fire and let her do some tricks as it burned away more of her insides. Then I thought better of it and opted for giving her another dose of the paddle before calling it a night. I gave her sore ass four of my best shots and watched the blood blisters rise and burst as her ass developed a new color pattern that was more purple-black than anything else. She'd be in a world of hurt by morning. I wanted that so she would understand what I had to tell her concerning her future as a porn star.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I've mentioned before, I'm a nice guy unless you piss me off. At this moment the nice guy made an appearance and removed piggy's gag so she could relax her jaw muscles for a few minutes. Not wanting a repetition of the last time I left her tied to the coffee table, I asked her if she had to pee and she did, in a big way. I found a pot in the kitchen and held it while she pissed up a storm, nearly filling it. Then I gave her one last taste of what a prick I could be by telling her to drink the piss she'd just dumped into the pot. It was either that or be gagged and take more of the paddle. Piggy was no genius, but she knew the answer to this one. She blubbered a little, but soon got busy, and in a few minutes of steady work she managed to slurp up all but a small amount. That I made her lick up until the pot was spotless. I warned her that if she made any noise during the night I'd beat her senseless after I regagged her with a pair of piss soaked underwear that I'd leave in the toilet bowl just in case. That said, I went to bed and a dreamless sleep.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Picking and Choosing

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jethro Jodhpur

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 14



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I awoke from a peaceful sleep, stretched and listened for any sounds coming from the living room. Piggy was quiet as a mouse, which was just the way I liked it. I got up, did my morning routine and then went out to see how my guest was faring. My first look at Piggy's blistered ass gave me a start; it was swollen, almost uniformly purple and dotted with blood blisters that had broken open during the night. I mentally winced at what I'd created, and then consoled myself with the thought that it certainly would keep her in line until at least the time we got to Mexico. The more I thought about it, the better I felt. The girl had brought it down upon herself and so it was her fault for making me so angry with her disobedience, especially after all the work I'd put into turning her into someone who might be a money maker under the proper circumstances. I finally got my mind off that subject, a lucky thing for Piggy. In another minute or two I'd probably have started in on her for another round of butt busting, which might have put her out of commission for much longer than the week I estimated she'd be in pain from what she got last night.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy nearly jumped out of her skin when I gave her a good morning swat on that big sore rump. I untied her so she could use the toilet and wash out her mouth. Then I ordered back to the coffee table so I could tie her up again. She started shaking like a leaf in a wind storm when she heard my words. I didn't have the heart to play mind games with her this morning, so I told her no more whipping unless she got out of line before we headed for Mexico. Once that was done I made breakfast and decided to pay Ginny a surprise visit.

Before I left my place I put a cold compress on Piggy's purple ass to reduce the swelling. Warning her not to make any noise or piss all over my carpet, I headed over to see Ginny.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I climbed the stairs to her apartment and pounded on the door. At first there was no answer, and so I pounded a little harder. I stood there and fumed to myself, thinking that perhaps I'd oversmarted myself by making this visit something of a surprise. I tried one more time, swore and stomped down the hall toward the stairwell. One flight down I ran into Ginny, making the slow climb upwards. She glanced at me from a few steps below, took a deep breath and invited me up to her place in a voice that was difficult to pick up. She did not look well at all, and I wondered if she'd been out all night hooking and was just getting back from her last customer's place. That proved to be the case.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as we got inside, I went into overdrive, whacking her soundly across the back of the head and following up by tripping her to the floor. She went down hard and offered almost no resistance as I straddled her body and grabbed her hair in both hands. I banged her head against the floor a couple of times to get her attention. Ginny's eyes blinked rapidly as if she was trying to clear her head. I put my hands around her neck and started to choke her. Usually a dame will start making a fuss when that happens; this one merely acted as if she was too tired to struggle. I backed off, but kept her pinned beneath me. I feinted hitting her in the face and she shut her eyes in fear, but made no effort to protect herself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Too fucked out to defend yourself! What was it, a gangbang? Are you on something?" She ignored my questions, her eyes now open and very glassy. Something was definitely not right with this chick, but whatever it was, I wanted no part of it or her. I gave her a pinch on the cheek and a small smile just before getting up and preparing to leave. I was two steps from the door when she spoke in a slurred voice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't bug out on me. I've had a very bad night and I ache something fierce. Cut me some slack and let me catch my breath. I'm too sore now, but I promise I'll be real good to you once I get some sleep." I laughed and opened the door. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll call you this afternoon and you better be ready to give me some answers to some very important questions. I'm not sure you're worth the trouble, but I'll give you one last chance before me and Piggy split for the West coast. With that I left her still lying on the carpet, her eyes staring up at the ceiling. I was sort of concerned about the condition of Piggy's ass, so I headed back to my place to see how things were progressing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My little money maker was just where I left her and the compress had done a good job of reducing the swelling of her broad butt. It still was mottled, mostly in shades of purple, but it didn't look as nasty as earlier this morning. I untied her from the table and let her stretch her muscles and restore some of the circulation to that big body. One thing led to another and before I knew it, Piggy was kneeling between my legs busily applying some vigorous mouth to cock resuscitation as I sat on the couch. It was a bit strange to be settled back without anything bugging me while she polished my joint with enthusiasm and a technique that showed a great deal of promise for her future in porn. Rather than take this opportunity to give her a few pointers, I just laid back and pigged out on that hot, wet mouth as it gobbled away on my johnson.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was just when I was on the verge of blowing a load of hot cum into Piggy's suctioning mouth that I switched gears and stopped being her customer and started being her mentor when it came to things sexual. Seconds later the first blast of boiling nut butter started filling her mouth. I reached down and held her head steady as I continued to empty my balls. Piggy's eyes stared up at me as if looking for some instructions on how to dispose of the salty mess that was making her cheeks puff out. I squeezed my hands against the sides of her head and grunted as the last of my sperm was tranferred from me to her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Whatever you do, don't swallow it! Now, I want you to swish it around in your mouth until I tell you to start gargling with it. Screw this up and I'll bust your ass until it explodes!" Now that was an exaggeration and I knew it. Piggy on the other hand had everything to lose and nothing to gain by not following my instructions to the letter. I almost laughed in the poor bitch's face as she dutifully moved the load of salty cum from one side of her mouth to the other, her eyes focused on my face, looking for further orders. I patted her head like she was a dog doing a trick and gave her a half smile. She nearly swallowed my load, that's how relieved she was to see me acting happy. I grinned and nodded before telling her to start gargling and make it good. Damned if she didn't put her head back and start making the most god awful sounds as she made that bucket of cum she had in her throat do tricks. She started to blow bubbles and that nearly blew my mind. Where the hell did she learn that little trick? I was caught off guard at her ability. Perhaps there was more to this lump of conflicted flesh than I realized.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy finally gulped the mess down and smacked her lips. I was impressed and for her reward she got to take a shower. One thing led to another and I decided to join her. We started swapping spit as the warm water splattered off our bodies. The next thing I knew she had my cock in a death grip and was rubbing the head up and down her shaved slot. I was amazed to discover that she could do more than one thing at a time, as evidenced by her tongue whiich had turned into a snake and was poking around inside my mouth while my cock hardened from the gentle friction she was providing. I put my hands of her bruised behind and began a push pull action that got my cock even harder. She wiggled her plump body so that I began to penetrate her, the head going in maybe an inch or so every time I moved her broad ass so that our crotches merged.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This little dirty dance lasted a few minutes and then my little money maker slipped down on her knees and swalloweed my johnson to its root. I was stunned to put it mildly. Where had she learned all these tricks? Had my buddy, old Ralph, taught her these moves, or was she holding back to try to fool me that she wasn't a semi-pro? Frankly I wasn't that interested in what the answer was, since she had gotten me to a state of readiness that required some independent action on my part. Should I let her suck me off again or would it be smarter and more enjoyable to lean her against the wall and bang her brains out under the warm shower.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tried a little half and half under the shower stream, but she had a tough time giving me her best effort due to the water that was sloshing all over her face and even getting up her nose on occasion. I could tell because she'd half choke and cough, creating some weird and wonderful sensations in my captured joint. We scrambled to get into a standng position with her backed up against the wall of the shower stall. Unfortunately this brought her very sore backside into play and after a few tentative thrusts that were less than my best she grunted and tried to push me away. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So we got out of the shower, made a half-hearted attempt to dry off and then I had her lean over and use the toilet lid to support her body while I was lining up my throbbing cock so I could begin nailing her doggie style. I made every effort to avoid slamming my groin into her purplish cheeks and most of the time I was successful. On the other occassions I got a charge from the way her cunt wouold clamp down on my cock whenever her bruised and battered bottom took a big hit. After a time we began to move in tandem and the feeling of her wet warm cunt massaging my johnson began to bring me closer and closer to spurting&nbsp; another load of blind swimmers into that hot boxof hers. I made the mistake of grabbing her plump hangers and felt how stiff the nipples were. This vote of confidence that Miss Piggy was thoroughly enjoying her pony ride took me over the top and I flooded her insides with a tidal wave of hot cum, at least that's the way it felt to this cowboy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Following another shower that was heavy on the soap and water and light on grab ass, although Piggy did a nice job of cleaning up my cock and had it at half mast by the time we were done. We parked ourselves in the kitchen where Piggy inhaled a bowl of cereal and some fruit while I had some coffee and checked out her naked body. She still needed to lose at least ten and maybe even fifteen pounds before she went before the cameras. I remembered a contact here in the city who could provide speed, naturally for a price. I wondered if perhaps he might be willing to trade some speed for a piece of Piggy, or maybe Ginny. That got me to thinking about what to do with Piggy's roommate. I glanced at my watch and realized it was way too early to expect to hear from her. However I did ask Piggy if she still had a key to her old apartment, and she brightened up and nodded. I told her that I was going back to talk to Ginny and perhaps she ought to come with me so she could pick up anything she would need for our move to Mexico.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After applying another cold compress to Piggy's wounded butt, I told her to entertain herself while I took a nap. She gave me that look, implying that she would prefer having me do her once more instead, but I'd had enough pussy for the&nbsp; moment. So I went into my bedroom, shut the door and drifted off to sleep. The next thing I knew she was shaking me and saying it was time to get up. I remembered that her dress was still in the car, so I hiked down the stairs to retrieve it. When I returned, Piggy was all excited about the prospect of seeing Ginny and collecting her belongings. It didn't take long for us to dress and drive over to her former apartment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pounded on the door and got no answer, which didn't surprise me much. Ginny had looked wasted when I saw her this morning and my guess was she was still sleeping off whatever happened to her last night.&nbsp; I used Piggy's key to let us inside and she headed for the bedroom to check on her roommate. I followed at a more leisurely pace, not wanting to give the impression that I was at all concerned with Ginny's well being. Piggy was shaking her roomie, trying to rouse her. The woman hadn't even bothered to take off her clothing, but the way she was sprawled out gave me a good look at most of her legs and even revealed that she had left her panties at wherever she had been.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ginny responded sluggishly to Piggy's attempts to wake her, so sterner measures were required. A couple of slaps across the face and a good shaking that made her look like one of those bobble head dolls got much better results. Obviously Ginny needed more stimulation, so with Piggy's help, we stripped her to the skin and half carried her into the bathroom for a brisk cold shower. I couldn't help but notice that her cunt was raw and swollen, and there were teeth marks on her tits and thighs. She'd been put through the wringer by person or persons unknown as they say in the mystery stories. I'd bet plenty it was the latter case or she had just had a close encounter with King Kong's little brother.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once we pushed the slim blonde under the cold water pouring down on her from the shower head she came to life in a big hurry. She struggled and sputtered, trying to escape from the icy blast she was getting. I laughed and kept pushing her back into the stall, taking as many liberties with her pert tits and the rest of her sleek body as I could. Satisfied that she was now wide awake I allowed her to escape from the frigid flow of water and hop up and down on the tiled floor, searching for a towel to wrap around herself. I enjoyed the view, until Piggy came to her rescue with a large towel that she swiftly used to protect her naked body from my lustful stare. I had to admit that Ginny had the goods and I was being sorely tempted to include her in our little expedition to the West coast.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Later over coffee Ginny provided us with her version of what occurred last night. She had been picked up by this nice guy in one of the local bars and decided to let him have the pleasure of her company over at his place. Unfortunately for Ginny he had a pair of roommates who decided they wanted in on the action. Since she was outvoted three to one she did the only smart thing she could, she spread her legs and hoped for the best. A couple of hours and five loads of cum later, her trio of friends expanded to a quintet, and the new guys acted like they'd been in a monastery for the past five years and had a lot of catching up to do. She lost count of how many times she took it from the gang of guys, but from the way she felt afterwards, she may have set a new personal record. Worse still, towards the end the bunch started to get creative, first sodomizing her and then graduating to double and triple penetration which was done badly and caused her a lot of needless pain. I liked the idea of Ginny taking a cock in every hole, and added on to the fantasy by having a few more guys standing around beating off and shooting their loads all over her face and body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Piggy started babbling about our impending move to Mexico and Ginny perked up and acted very interested. One thing led to another and after she swore that last night's adventure had made her see the folly of trying to make it on her own in a man's world, I relented and extended an invitation for her to join us on this great adventure. There were numerous reasons for doing this, some obvious and some not. Believe it or not, the idea of having a second driver to share the wear and tear of navigating across the country was numero uno at the moment. In her current condition, Piggy was useless since her bottom was in no condition for sitting for extended periods. Once we got to our destination I'd make a final call on keeping Ginny as a member of Team Piggy.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Picking and Choosing

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jethro Jodhpur



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 15



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'd like to say that the trip was filled with adventures on the road and lots of sex at the motels that we stayed, but such was not the case. At the last minute I got a call announcing that there was a change in location. Now our destination was a city in Mexico called Nuevo Laredo. This thriving metropolis of over 200 thousand folks was about 200 miles south of San Antonio. It took us almost three days to get there, and there wasn't too much of consequence to see as the miles rolled by and Piggy whined about how sore her ass was. Ginny did enough driving to make it worth taking her along, but I still wasn't sold on her as a member of the team. That was nothing compared to how I felt about my potential moneymaker. Halfway to our objective I started thinking about kicking her out of the car and letting her fend for herself while we continued to head south. On the second night I was seriously planning how to get rid of her body after I strangled her to death in mid-whine. Had we been driving to SanDiego, I'm sure Piggy would never have made it. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Regardless we arrived in one piece and set up shop as part of the advanced cadre that ultimately would turn into a booming maquiladora. Someone in the shadowy organization that was bankrolling this project knew his or her stuff about NAFTA and it's rules and regulations. There would be no trouble from the Mexican authorities thanks to the spirit of cooperation between the two nations and the bribes that were paid to the local officials who had responsibility for seeing that we operated under the agreements made between our two countries. It would be a few more weeks before the technical folks, US amateur and Euro third tier pornsters arrived, but my current assignment was to recruit the local talent.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ads were placed in the local newspapers and visits were made to most of the brothels in the area, nearly a dozen, which was kind of amazing considering the population of the area was only perhaps a quarter million. However we got our best response from a contact provided by my US employer that opened up the local swing groups to us. I hired a local woman, who was a looker, but not interested in working in front of the cameras, as our translator. Then for the next week and a half it was interviews, interviews and more interviews.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The local talent proved to be a very mixed bag, and it seemed that the great majority of the ladies were named Lupe, Maria, Rosa, and of all things, Britney. The ones that weren't too old, too fat or too ugly and didn't smell bad were invited back for a more detailed interview, or as I began to call it, the money shot. For this phase we hired a group of local studs to act as the candidates' partners as the girls demonstrated their oral and in some cases, anal skills. One teenager who was hired, even took on three of my studs in the airtight position, much to my delight. For the first time since I let Ginny join us, I got to use her talents, pairing her with some of the borderline talent to see if they might be capable of doing some decent girl-girl. It should be noted that most of the girls featured full bushes and Ginny was picking pubic hair from between her teeth for days.

 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Antoinette, my translator, proved most helpful and I began to get the feeling that it wouldn't take too much to get her into the sack. The longer we worked together the more interested I became, despite the fact that I had Piggy and Ginny at my disposal whenever the spirit moved me, which these days wasn't often. She claimed that she was descendent of the French who came here to Mexico and mostly perished when their sponsor, Napoleon, disappeared from the poitical scene. I bided my time waiting for the right situation that would allow me to pluck this ripe fruit from the lower branches.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was interesting how my two companions handled the move and all that came with it. Ginny had no problem with the local cuisine and appeared to be gaining weight. On her the extra poundage looked good, almost good enough for me to suggest that she let me check out her moves in bed. Piggy on the other hand was losing weight rapidly, and on the verge of actually looking svelte. She too was on my list of pussy no, more like ass, to nail. I began to wonder what a foursome might be like, and tabled the thought for further evaluation when such an opportunity might present itself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A couple of days later the first director made an appearance. He was an old hand who needed some work to bankroll his next porn production. The guy, Evan was his name, was less than enchanted with the local talent I had assembled, especially since most of them knew less than twenty words of English. This was when Antoinette stepped in and saved my bacon. She'd sit patiently by Evan and tell Lupe or Maria what moves to make on the local stud once Evan decided. Evan seemed to do everything on the fly; he never came prepared for the scene, instead he'd wing it, which was touble since his cast was less than professional, and completely unable to do anything unless it was explained to them in excruciating detail.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the end of the second day he had shot nothing that was useable. I put in a call to my contact and let him know what was going on. The next day Evan was gone, replaced by a guy that looked like he'd just graduated from highschool. This kid was no nonsense and he spoke fluent Mexican, or whatever lingo these people used to communicate. However the stuff he shot was awesome; he was the real deal. Over a period of three days and nights he shot the first two ultra-blue productions, and they were smoking. Of interest he and Antoinette hit it off immediately and she worked side by side with him the entire time. By the finish of the second tape she was effectively the assistant director and starting to have a strong input into the plot development, such as it was. I began to despair about bedding this reserved and refined lovely.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Both tapes were heavy on bondage and forced sex. The first one featured the teenager that had done it all during her picture session. She was attacked, her clothing ripped off,&nbsp; hands tied behind her back and nailed repeatedly in every hole by a mob of sex-crazed Mexicans. What made it even hotter was the blue streak of insults she kept up, urging these guys to show her what they had and not being very impressed by their efforts. The guys rose to the occasion as they took turns doing their best to hurt her, and by midway in the tape it was a giant grudge-fuck session and they gave her hell. The highlight of the tape was when one guy put her in a choke hold and squeezed her windpipe until she passed out, her tongue lolling from the side of her mouth and her eyes nearly popping from their sockets. All the while this was happening, two guys were tag-teaming her distended asshole while another one was twisting her tits into weird and very painful shapes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took nearly four hours under the hot lights with very few brief breaks before my director was satisfied with what he had shot. By then the teen, who now went by the name Lupe Lascivious compliments of Antoinette, was so wasted that she just laid there in a pool of her own sweat and what seemed like half a gallon of cum, all soaking into the filthy mattress upon which she had taken on over fifteen guys, most more than once. Her black thatched moneymaker was completely covered with a layer of cum in varying states of solidification, her firm young tits were marked with dozens upon dozens of teeth marks as her attackers got more insane as the scene wore on. Her butthole was so distended that it never closed while she was cleaning up afterwards. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the interest of making the gangbang even more one-sided, the director, a mean bastard for one so young, had allowed Lupe only a few meager sips of water during her two breaks, weakening her further. Rumor has it that a couple of the studs took her back to their place and continued the destruction of her pussy and asshole well into the next morning. Two days later he started another production and Lupe L, none the worse for wear, was once more part of his cast. This one featured our first animal act and she took on a pony and wore the poor thing out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was however the third tape he made that established a totally unknown talent as the new queen of hard edged ultraviolent porn. You guessed it, it was none other than our translator, Antoinette. To this day I wonder if she did the tape because she got turned on by what she saw from Lupe L,&nbsp; was trying to get the director to pay attention to her as a woman,&nbsp; just for the hell of it, or because the money was nearly ten times what she was getting as a translator and assistant director.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the brief hiatus between his first and second productions the first contingent of Euros arrived, the great majority from the eastern part of the continent and like their Mexican counterparts, most spoke little if any English. These were the second or third tier porn players, and eager to do anything to make some US currency so they could indulge whatever habits they had. This was a major source of concern and I let my contact know it as soon as the first Euro showed up on the set stoned to the eyeballs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women had plenty in common with the native players, on the heavy side with plenty of pubic hair and in some cases a forest growing in their armpits. Their tattoos ran the gamut from the bizarre to the obscene and that was used to advantage in our productions. Personal hygiene was minimal and many had to be told to take a shower before going on stage for a scene. Our young director took full advantage of these imperfections and now something like ass to mouth was truly a ground breaking activity, thanks to their reluctance to take an enema before doing an anal scene. In point of fact unless they were working with animals, every scene had anal content.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It's worth it to give you a good idea of just what made that third tape such a monster success. First it runs close to six hours and comes in three parts, each with a separate fee, something almost unheard of in this business. The opening scene was actually shot outside the studio using the city as background. Antoinette, playing the part of a woman involved in an elaborate plan to hijack a huge drug shipment, is arrested by the local authorities and taken to a special facility where she is interrogated. From there on every scene was shot on our stages. What made it different besides the extreme sex and violence was the relationship that developed between our heroine, if she could be described that way, and the police official reponsible for making her reveal who was the mastermind that developed and executed the plan for the hijacking. Antoinette was responsible for most of the script requiring speaking parts that went beyond the standard fuck film lines such as 'fuck me, I need it bad....harder, faster, deeper,I'm coming.....etc, etc, etc"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What makes it so remarkable was the content. Usually our stuff would be sex first and foremost plus a little something extra like bondage and violence. This one broke that mold. It featured ultraviolence, torture, beatings, bestiality, water sports and anything else the demented mind of our director,supported by some original ideas from his star, could dream up, and a little sex, mainly gangbangs to act as bridges from one terrible torture session to the next. Nothing in this hymn to violence and everything sick that we hid away until we were alone, was staged. Antoinette took it like a trooper,or better still a woman who knew she was dead the moment she spilled her guts to the authorities.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now couple this content with a star who is a flawless beauty, soft spoken, and had a body that other porn stars could only fantasize possessing despite the miracles of advanced cosmetic surgery and the like. The first time she disrobed on stage there was stunned silence from every person involved from the director to the guy handling the mike boom. It was as if an angel had descended from the skies in all its glory, if one could imagine such a creature in this kind of place. Then the lights came on and the director began shouting instructions to his male lead who spoke excellent English as well as being quite well hung and able to use it on demand. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You talk about realism, this was for real, every frame. Due to the brutal nature of each scene it was almost impossible to reshoot it, so the director went longer than&nbsp; necessary so he would have something to edit into what he hoped to finally produce. Because of the incredible wear and tear on the body of the star, shooting was limited to no more than twelve hours a day. The rough cut was done in three days, and by then Antoinette was almost unrecognizable. In the interest of realism every cut, bruise, bump, welt, bite, and burn was left untreated, except in the most damaging cases such as when she was riddled with darts while hanging from her wrists.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of interest, it was the more benign sections of the tape from the physical sense that were the most stressing. Try being dunked in a tank of water for almost an hour straight, your naked body tied tightly to the board that seesaws up and down pushing your head under for indeterminate periods of time, also in the interests of realism; no looping for this director. To make it even more violent, every so often one of the goons would punch her in the stomach after she'd been under for say a minute and was at the end of her air supply. At the end of this scene she was pale as a ghost, her body shivering and her eyes open, but unfocused. It took the doctor that we hired to care for her almost an hour to get her up and around sufficiently so she could do her next scene where she was gangbanged by a mob of goons who nearly ruined her cunt and asshole with repeated double penetrations of each hole. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Afterwards she went to sleep in a little area off the main sets and slept for ten hours. After a quick breakfast and a check by the doctor, she was ready to go for her first scene of the day, a little tryst involving her, two goons, the police commander and a hand cranked field telephone that had been modifed into a torture instrument. They passed enough juice through her naked body to light up a small town, and the shims they used to protect her from swallowing or chewing her tongue were put to the test on a number of occasions. She finished up her day by taking on a pack of large nondescript dogs who had been driven crazy by the scent of the bitch in heat that had been generously rubbed over her body. It was a massacre of epic proportions as well as one of the highlights of the tape, and left her unconscious as two mongrels fought each other for the right to mount this strange bitch once more. Even the director was on the verge of calling off the last day of shooting until Antoinette regained her strength and composure. However after a lenghty conversation with her, the doctor and yours truly he was convinced that she was good to go and all she needed was a good night's sleep. She was some actress, I'll give her that.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I did not think she was going to make it through the day. For openers she took a ferocious beating while hanging by her welted 39D tits, her idea I might add. Somehow Antoinette found enough energy to make it past the lengthy second scene of the day which took over three hours to film to his satisfaction. After a brief break because they were running behind schedule, they got to the final scene, which I hate, but it's a best seller so who am I to criticize this work of twisted genius. They finally break Antoinette by degrading her to the point that she is less than an animal. This was too much for her to take and so she coughed up the names of those responsible for planning and pulling off the hijacking, knowing full well that she had just signed her death warrant. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don't know how he pulled it off, but he got a pack of dogs and nearly a dozen extras to piss all over her as she knelt with her mouth propped open and her pussy dribbling the latest loads of cum that had been pounded into what was left of her twat. The threat of drowning her in the toilet filled to its brim with a mixture of feces, animal and human, and an ocean of piss bubbling like some evil potion finally breaks her will and on that high note the tape ends, except for a little snippet that shows her tormentors holding her head under the bubbling mess in that toilet as she struggles weakly and then gives up and begins ingesting the contents.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'm always the first to mention to anyone who asks, that I was personally involved in the making of her first tape. Today she is numero uno when it comes to the porn underground that dotes on sadomasochistic films such as the one that made her famous. By the way, she and the director never got it together and he left for greener pastures and she continued to make these insane epics that put her through hell, but somehow she aways got herself together and maybe a few weeks or months later, depending on the severity of her last film, she'd surface and be on the set doing another for the fans.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Less than a week later Peter Python arrived in town and he and Piggy made a film that is still talked about. It was my little moneymaker's shining hour and then like a shooting star burning up in the upper atmosphere she was no more as far as the porn world was concerned. But that's another bit of my adventures in operating the first maquiladora whose main product line was the most hard edged sex and violence films ever made. It's a story for another time, sooner than later, you can be sure of that.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued )









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Picking and Choosing - Chapter 16





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sadomasochism was a big moneymaker for our studio, such as it was, but there were other genres we also covered with our casts of foreigners and local talent. Child porn was another up and coming genre that was not touched by those working in the US, but here, almost anything went just as long as the right people were bribed. I decided that the best approach to this issue was to see just how far we could go with smoke and mirrors. If that didn't hold and excite our vast worldwide audience of perverts, start slowly heading for forbidden areas a scene at a time. By nosing around the local brothels, which were run by various criminal organizations headquartered in the big cities of Central and South America, I discovered that there were brothels and then there were other brothels not open to the public.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took some doing, but thanks to the connections between the organization that bankrolled my operation and those controlling the local cribs, I was given access to the shadowy side of things. It was amazing what was going on and it also explained why these out of the way brothels drew the type of clientele in numbers that belied the surrounding population and economic statistics. I expected the usual local talent, just much younger, maybe thirteen or so at the low end. What I saw blew my mind. It was like the fucking United Nations had decided to create an almost age-free zone for hookers. There were kids from one end of Europe to the other, Asia, Central and South America, the Middle East, Africa, not to mention North America, especially the good old USA. You name the country and it was probably represented at one of these child prostitution locations.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No matter the country or color, they seemed to be almost uniform in that they were slim to skinny, flat chested, hairless and had coin slots for pussies. They wore makeup, but not what you might expect. I discovered that each operation had at least one makeup artist not to mention a physician. These children were high priced talent and they were kept in excellent health. There was no such thing as rough trade in these places; it was strictly sex in all its forms from vanilla to weird. I had to admit that the little tykes acted almost normal for their environment. I saw lots of smiles and a few even beckoned me to join them. I wondered what the going rate must be, but received no answer to that question for obvious reasons. If you ask what it costs, you obviously can't afford it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After my visits the wheels began turning. Using these pros, if that was the right word for ones so young, was not the answer based on economics and the potential for bringing lots of attention to my little organization. So it looked like I'd just have to muddle along without the possibility of breaking new ground for the blue line, as I had begun to call it unofficially. That was before I met Dr. Chiang Hui, who also went by the Western name of Albert Chiang. What's in a name? This particular name was destined to make me a bundle of cash, so much that I could give up my career as a supplier of fine and not so fine erotica.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I met the good doctor at a bar in the best hotel in Nuevo Laredo. He introduced himself and offered to buy me a drink if I'd listen to a proposition he had for me. How this man knew I'd been given a private tour of the brothels that were open only to a very exclusive clientele was his business, but it got my attention. He started out by admitting that he had a strong urge to have sex with young stuff, very young stuff if he could find such a product. The ones operating in the high-end brothels were too expensive for his tastes and he had a few other traits that made him a persona non grata at such places. I was beginning to get the feeling that I was in the company of some kind of sick fuck or freak.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He must have read my body language, so before I could take my leave and get some clean air he casually slid a folder across the table and smiled. He asked me to take a look at the contents and make no judgment until he explained what I had just seen, not what I thought I had seen. I rose to the bait and opened the folder. The first photograph was of a Chinese teenager, maybe sixteen or seventeen. She was naked and staring intently at the camera, her arms hanging loosely by her sides, her face expressionless. Her tits were nothing to write home about, average in size and slightly lopsided with black areolas surrounding brownish nipples. Her hair was chopped short as if someone had put a bowl on her head and sheared off everything that showed. For her age she had a major league mass of pubic hair, black as night, thick, springy with tendrils reaching upwards towards her navel and more making outposts on her thick thighs. If I hadn't gotten laid in a few months and she was available, I'd probably jump her bones. Of course I'd feel badly about it afterwards and swear her to secrecy, that is if I could speak whatever Chinese dialect she understood.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second photograph was a revelation. It was the same girl, posed the same way, only this time she had lost most of her tits somewhere and the entrance to her twat now displayed a pair of thin lips standing guard over her moneymaker. All that nasty pubic hair, every strand of it, was now gone completely as if someone had gone over that jungle with a blowtorch. Her thick thighs had shrunk substantially, and the rest of her body was almost taut and definitely leaner. I looked over at the good doctor and grinned before telling him I might fuck this version of his youthful girlfriend. His face showed no response to my little joke, which bothered me. What was the punch line to this little show and tell?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last two provided the answer and floored me. The first showed the same flat-faced girl, now appearing to be perhaps ten or eleven years old. Her chest was flat as a board, no nipples just hints of ones to come. Her pussy was just a thin line of flesh, which was so tight a dime might have trouble entering that grotto. She was thin as a rail, perhaps down by at least thirty pounds. Any curves were gone, no hips just a straight line from shoulder to knee. In this picture she was posed with her arms outstretched, legs together. I had been so busy checking out her naked body that the changes in her face had eluded me. The skin was taut and her nostrils had become slightly narrower. Her lips were just creases and the eyes smaller when compared to the area of her face. I looked up at my visitor's smiling face. He pointed his finger and made a sign to turn over the last picture. I'm fairly shock proof, but this was out of the ordinary, big time!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It looked like the same little girl, but she appeared to have been put through a meat grinder. She hung by her bound wrists from the limb of a tree, her head down against her chest. Her upper body had been whipped from neck to waist and there were very few areas untouched. Many of the welts were open and bleeding. Her flat chest had taken a major flogging from a different type of whip, and bits of skin had been torn away in many spots. She appeared to be unconscious, not surprising considered the type of beating her immature body had absorbed. Then I noticed the condition of that coin slot of a cunt and shuddered.&nbsp; From the condition of that quasi-tyke's cunt she had been raped repeatedly and by a big cock. Her pussy lips were raw and swollen and cum was oozing from her cunt and making a trail that ran down the insides of both legs. I was so stunned that it took a minute or so for me to recover my composure. Then all I wanted to do was strangle the grinning Chinese doctor who had obviously been involved in this sick scene. He raised his hand and proceeded to tell me a story that was too bizarre not to be true.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" These pictures were made of this prisoner at the rehabilitation camp to which she and her parents had been sentenced for crimes against the people. The charges were trumped up to get her father removed from his post in the government so another who was well thought of by the higher ups could replace him. She and her mother were interrogated and tortured until the mother agreed to testify against her husband in exchange for a reduced sentence. It is my understanding that she currently provides sexual relief to the guards and other functionaries that run the camp. Prior to that she and her daughter were used as test subjects for various medical experiments, which yielded the drug that created the changes you see in the girl. My assistance was required since my specialty dovetailed neatly into the work they were doing. I managed to get these pictures smuggled from the camp in exchange for certain favors performed by me for the commander of the camp. It's a shame there was no way to get pictures of the mother who had been changed physically into a teenager and was very popular with those who enjoy sex with girls of that age. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I must have looked kind of funny with my mouth hanging open, but this story was so mind bending, it just captured me totally. I urged the good doctor to go further with his story and try to provide some proof of what he was claiming. My mind was already turning over and imagining the sensation it might cause if there was some kind of drug that could make an adult or teenager turn into a quasi-child. What a coup that would be! Almost as if he could read my mind he continued the tale and answered most of my questions before I even could ask them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Min, the daughter, was the first to be given the drug. As the pictures show it worked very well in causing her body to regress without interfering with her intellect. It also made her mother most vulnerable when she had to witness the torturing of her daughter who now looked like a child. Min was dunked repeatedly into cold water until she lost consciousness and nearly drowned. This was done for hours on end until she refused to struggle, giving up immediately and letting her lungs fill with water. Thwarted in this approach they turned to electric shock. Her child-like body was placed on a wire mesh screen and her arms and legs pulled apart to their limit and bound tightly to the corners."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" They attached electrodes to her chest where her tits once were and clipped them to her nearly flat nipples. They gave her jolt after jolt until she started to chew her tongue. Min was gagged and the torturing continued, creating wisps of smoke rising from where the electrodes were directly contacting her flesh. Twice her heart went into fibrillation and was shocked back into its normal condition. The electrodes were switched to her ear lobes and electricity was sent directly through her brain, creating spastic movements as her arms and legs strained against the bonds holding them to the wire mesh. Her mother steadfastly refused to testify against her husband. Next a wire was threaded into Min's bladder and another taped to her hairless mound. Each time electricity was passed through her sensitive bladder she passed out and urinated uncontrollably, only adding to the power of the electricity flowing through that little body."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" They put one wire up her nose and clipped the other to her tongue before ramping the power up to full. Bubbles of blood kept popping from her nostrils and her tongue started to slowly cook. Min's mother refused to sign the paper accusing her husband of being an enemy of the people. Now one wire was attached to a metal tube that was pushed deep into her immature cunt, and another tube with a wire attached was inserted into the quasi-child's rectum. The first few jolts made her body shake uncontrollably, then the power was ramped up, causing her bowels to evacuate and her cunt to begin to cook like a piece of meat as the moisture boiled away. The girl became unconscious and it took quite some time to revive her. They decided to use another approach to break her mother's will."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I needed a drink and this time it was my turn to buy. The doctor smiled and joined me. We sipped and I took another look at the pictures he'd provided. It was impossible to discern any other identifying marks on the child-like body that hung from the limb of the tree. I still had no proof of anything he said. If he could deliver the proof and more importantly the drug, we could do some business, of that I was certain. Albert went on to continue his story and I made sure I heard every word of it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" The camp commander himself took over the supervision of Min's torturing. He was a blunt man lacking in any civility. He expressed scorn for his minions who to date had failed to break either the mother or her daughter's resistance. He had the girl staked out in the blazing sun for an entire day without any water. The mother, also naked, was strapped into a frame that allowed her asshole and cunt to be available to any guard who had the need for sexual satisfaction. She was raped in both holes for hour after hour while her daughter broiled in the hot sun, begging for water through cracked lips and receiving nothing by dirt kicked in her face and between her spread legs. The camp was located at a very high altitude that put a strain on the lungs and had wide extremes in temperature from day to night. That night Min remained staked out in the cold while her mother was taken indoors so she could be raped in more comfortable surroundings for the guards who were interested in using her tight body and tighter cunt thanks to the drug. As for myself I was sorely tempted to go outside in the cold and darkness and use Min's now immature body for my own private needs. I resisted and waited for my chance to have sex with Min or leave the camp with the information necessary to manufacture the drug that had proven to be so successful on those two. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" The girl was barely conscious when the guards came for her. They surrounded the sun burned prisoner and pissed on her bare body to warm it up from the long cold night. Min was then dragged by her hair to where the dogs that assisted the guards in keeping order were located. Her privates were seasoned with the scent of a bitch in heat and the dogs loosed on her. While the guards watched to make sure that the dogs did not do too much harm to the girl's body, Min was attacked from all sides. Her hands had been tied tightly behind her back, leaving her no defense against the onslaught of the sex-crazed animals. Shortly thereafter the commander marched Min's mother into the area. From the look of her naked, exhausted body, her gang rape had lasted most of the evening and well into the morning as the guard shifts changed and more hard cocks were presented for her to satisfy. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" It took many hours before the pack of dogs was finally satiated with their new strange-looking bitch. Min was in a halfway state between the pain from her asshole and cunt and total exhaustion. Both of her entrances that were once extremely tight, now were distended and drooling dog cum. The camp commander had disappeared a number of hours ago, but now returned to supervise Min's next torment. He had grown impatient with the mother's refusal to cooperate and informed her that either she relented and agreed to testify against her husband, or her "child" would be very slowly whipped to death while she watched, her mouth gagged and only once would it be loosed to hear her final answer to his request. The teenager, once a mature woman refused to speak and was gagged brutally. Her mouth was stuffed with a dirty piece of burlap which had sharp pebbles embedded in the fabric. Over time the pebbles would lacerate her tongue and the insides of her mouth until she bled. The idea of swallowing her own blood, even gagged, was not a pleasant thought. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" The ruined, naked body of Min was hung by her wrists from a tree limb and two burly guards stripped to the waist began whipping her back, alternating their lashes to form a pattern of crossed welts that slowly mushroomed and burst as more blows were delivered to the same spots. Min's reaction to this terrible beating were minimal perhaps due to total exhaustion or some other effect caused by the tremendous amount of electricity that had been sent through her body for hours on end. She passed out as they began to turn her flat ass cheeks into tattered flesh, the steel tips of the whips tearing out pieces of skin and what lay beneath. Blood from the cuts and welts began to drip from her emaciated body and form a growing pool just beneath her dangling legs. It was truly astounding that the little prisoner could take such a brutal beating and still live. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" A new set of guards took over and began whipping Min's front side, concentrating on her hollow chest that was turned into a crimson coating by the relentless lashing it received. They would whip her from neck to just below her nearly flat nipples, then move upwards to where they started. This was done a number of times before they moved down her body to whip her immature pubic mound. At this point the commander called a delay to this terrible deadly assault on her thin, frail body. How she stayed alive this long was a great mystery. The gagged woman was given the last chance to save her daughter from being whipped to death and she capitulated. She was dragged off to another portion of the camp so she could sign the necessary papers that had already been prepared. Then the camp commander decided that the child's chest region be beaten with a different type of whip that tore pieces of flesh from her body as it ravaged what was left of her. I firmly believe that the drug they used to cause her body to physically regress also provided a degree of protection from the terrible pain associated with the various tortures she underwent. There is no other way to explain how she survived. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was in a fog from what he had told me. What he described was well beyond my ability to understand. Was this some sort of con job that he was playing on me? What proof did he have besides these pictures, which could have been doctored? So I sat back, took another sip from my drink and waited for the hook he'd probably use to get my attention and naturally my money as well. He cleared his throat to get my attention and asked me if I'd like to visit his place and see Min. That was not what I had expected and brought forth all sorts of new questions. He smiled and nodded his head before speaking.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Yes, how did I manage to smuggle her from the camp? That's a story for another time. Why did I take such a risk? That is an easy one to answer. I make no apologies for my taste when it comes to young females. Min represented my ideal if I could restore her physically. She was also the template for future replications of other older, more mature females. They would be easier to find and in many cases they have no ties to their family or friends any longer, perfect subjects if the drug worked. I would propose that you provide me a subject to take the drug that will cause her to regress. You can choose the age. If that meets your approval I want access to the higher ups in the organization that is bankrolling you. I consider that only a fair return for what I offer to you."





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Picking and Choosing - Chapter 17





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The arrival of Peter Python and his entourage was a minor break in the routine that dominated the output of our busy little cottage industry devoted to cranking out only the bluest of the blue. We had negotiated a three-scene deal featuring the biggest cock in the porn industry. Peter was a prick in many respects. He was a large pain in the ass when it came to his demands even after the ink on his contract had dried and been away in a safe place. He never showed up on time and his petulant behavior added many extra hours and additional cost to any production featuring this freak of nature. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a special female performer to play opposite the biggest dick in porn. Not only did she have to look good as per a clause in his contract, he also insisted that the female performer be made available prior to the shooting so she could become accustomed to what to expect once they started a scene. Rumor had it that more than one performer had been put out of action for weeks thanks to his uncaring attitude when it came to his partner's health and safety.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'd lined up some of the hottest and strongest women in the Eastern European porn business. These honeys were used to insane directors and sex partners who treated them like raw meat. One had heard about Peter the prick and was looking forward to using him to make her more famous back home. What made it even more interesting was currently she and another porn stud from the homeland were involved in plenty of off screen activity. His dick wasn't in the Peter Python class, very few, all black, were. However he had arms like a blacksmith and no trace of flab on his solid body. I couldn't help but hope that after Peter got through shooting his scenes, he and this guy might go at it, especially if his sweetie had been harmed in any way by this super star of porn.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Python, as he liked to be called, had signed a deal to star in one of our patented epics, ultra violence mixed with plenty of sick sex. As luck would have it, Antoinette had just returned from the private hospital that had put her fabulous body back together once more. I heard rumors that she was paying for their services with her body, and in exchange they were using her as a guinea pig for some of their weird science procedures that were so popular with the ultra rich class, especially women over fifty with a yen for unlimited sex with young, hung studs. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Naturally the prick, as I called him, wanted to check out Antoinette first. I figured any woman who could handle a donkey could take on Peter Python without too much trouble. Such proved to be the case, much to the distress of the prick's ego. Unfortunately the next candidate, that proved to be Astrid the pro from Hungary, bore the brunt of his anger. Peter insisted that she take his monster dong up the ass before he would allow her to work in any of his scenes. She paid the price, which meant a day and a half of bleeding afterward. I began to rub my hands together in glee for what would no doubt happen right after this epic was completed. For reasons I could never understand, Piggy and the Python hit it off like long lost relatives. So ended casting the epic, which made me happy no end.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Our staff of writers, all two of them, had produced another cookie cutter of a script for this latest output of our humble maquiladora. Peter Python was playing the lead role of the interrogator attempting to wring the truth from three women who were thought to be conduits about information concerning a new weapon that was in the process of being fielded for combat. Astrid's English left a little to be desired, so she got to start this epic of excess. She had a solid body with good to great knockers depending on your taste in tits. The guards or goons, depending on which side your rooting for, tie her to a heavy wooden chair and take turns seeing if they can knock it over with one punch to Astrid's face or body. It doesn't take long for the suspect to look like a lump of raw hamburger topping a big bruise that once was a body. However try as they might the chair only tips, but never flips over with Astrid as the passenger. Frustrated they untie her and drag the unconscious spy from the room.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a break as the makeup people did their best to repair some of the worst damage that was done to Astrid in the opening scene. Once they repaired her face and made sure nothing had been fractured, they used makeup to return her face to the state it was after the first major beating. I just love show business, which can do marvelous things to deceive the audience, especially the types that pay top dollar for what is touted to be the real thing. Much of it is, but we still depend on smoke and mirrors for the heavy-duty pain and suffering that is displayed. While the experts were rebuilding and then hiding their work, the stage for the third scene was being assembled including the dog pack that would be used.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The bridge scene was our standard gangbang, featuring eight studs doing Astrid in every hole at least twice. There is very little faking in this scene, and the studs pride themselves on making Astrid scream and beg for mercy, which they ignore, but use as incentive to step up the pain and suffering they deal out to their victim. I must admit that our standard gangbang is head and shoulders above the usual bill of fare provided by US and European operations. We use two shooters who have hand-held cameras and they move around as the gangbang progresses. Sometimes both are focused on one specific activity, but from different angles. Sometimes one is doing a close up while the other pans over the entire scene. We rotate the studs in and out of the scene since we use arc lights that really drive the set temperature up to the point that the star of the scene looks like she's swimming in her own sweat, a nice touch that is one of our trademarks. You will never see studs standing around playing with their dicks, that's a definite no-no for us. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Astrid was perfect for this scene for a number of reasons. She was fair sized with good to great tits, and a fine, full ass. What made her really ideal was her attitude and long hair that proved useful for the studs on many occasions. Her English left much to be desired, but her character was already pretty well beaten up and was expected to at best do a lot of grunting and groaning as she was fucked stupid and beyond. Naturally Astrid's hands were tied tightly behind her back, so tight that as the gangbang progressed they became obviously swollen. Usually she would be involved with three studs at a time minimum; one in her asshole, another in her cunt and the third face-fucking her. Someone was always using her long hair as reins or support. Often her head would be jerked back to its limit by the stud ass fucking her who needed the support to keep his balance as he did his best to ruin her asshole. Other times the one face-fucking her used the long hair to keep her head steady as he punched his dick in and out of her mouth and down her throat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another thing about an ultra-blue production gangbang was the incredible violence that was woven into it. Except for Antoinette, no lady starring in one of our gangbangs ever walked off the set after the scene was finished. Most were unconscious by the time the director was satisfied, or too beaten up to even move. More than half of the local talent never returned after doing one of these scenes, and most of the others were so beaten up that it was weeks before they dared venture in front of the cameras once more. The Euros were another cup of tea. Most of these pros were used to being attacked, screamed at, pinched, prodded, spit on, kicked, slapped and even punched on occasion. They were tough and it showed when compared to the white bread porn types that came from the US and most of the local talent.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They wasted no time beating the hell out of Astrid. While two studs alternated their brutal assault on her distended asshole, another one held her head steady by her long hair so the fourth stud could deliver one hard slap after another across her face, smearing some of the makeup, which only added to the gory nature of the scene. This turned into a watertight section, all three holes shut tightly be thick lengths of hard cock. Then she was flipped on her back and two guys alternated in her cunt and finally ended with a double penetration of her well-worn twat. Another stud jumped into the scene and began pounding those big tits with brutal punches that drove the air from her lungs. It turned out to be Astrid's boyfriend, if that was what he was, but he didn't cut her any slack. I began to wonder if she was a pain slut, but dismissed that idea when she started to puke up whatever she had for dinner. The director screamed for everyone to keep on going. He must have loved the realism associated with someone barfing all over the stage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Astrid got kicked in the twat as two grinning studs held her legs spread wide to make a better target. From there they pulled her up by her ankles into another split. This time two studs took turns fucking her swollen pussy while another kept kicking her in the belly to force up more vomit. When they tired, another pair went to work on her distended asshole. They took turns driving their cocks deep into that swollen asshole as she grunted and screamed whenever one of the kicks nailed her in the twat. For the grand finale they double penetrated her asshole and managed to work their cocks up and down as she added a few more dribbles of puke between the dry heaves that each blow to her belly caused. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still not satisfied, another pair took over and continued to ruin her asshole that was now bleeding profusely. This time they had put her on the floor and someone else stood on her ankle while a fourth member of the gangbang pulled her other leg straight up to make it easy for her to be penetrated by the new pair. To add to her pain a fifth participant stomped down on the inside of her thigh, leaving livid bruises behind the series of blows he delivered to the vulnerable flesh. To finish the prisoner off they put Astrid on her belly and two men took turns pile driving their cocks into the bloody soup bubbling up from her blown-out asshole. Another kicked her in the ribs as if he was some type of machine, delivering each blow with the same power and time between them. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A fourth member of the mob was holding her head back by her long hair that was wrapped tightly around his fist. Two more of the gang had plugged her mouth full with their cocks that were being forced deeper and deeper into her throat to cut off her air supply. Both cameramen managed to get tape of her face turning from one color to another and finally her eyes popping and then rolling up into her head to signal that she was on the verge of suffocating. It was a perfect ending to this bridge scene. Alas Astrid is now so out of it, her trip to the dog run is put on hold. After all, there are still two conspirators waiting to spill their guts with a little assistance from the interrogator.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Antoinette is next to face the interrogator and his minions. We were a little confused when Peter Python insisted that she be second. If the ultra-blue line had a super star it was Antoinette, so why waste her before the big finish? He refused our best efforts to make him reconsider, he was adamant about this arrangement. In the last analysis we had no response to his position since without him we had just another ultra-blue sex and violence tape without much star power once we got past Antoinette. With them both in one of our tapes we would have reached the big leagues of super hard-core smut. Once that sunk into our collective consciousness the decision to accept the big dick's direction made a lot of sense. Who knows, perhaps the two of them might become a team when it came to working with our organization? What a coup that would be!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The original script called for a cameo appearance by Peter Python to urge his underlings to do their worst to loosen the tongue of this enemy of the nation. We were astonished when he handed out a revised script calling for a one on one between Peter and Antoinette with the rest of the cast reduced to spear-carriers. I immediately smelled a rat. What had gone on between the two when he interviewed our female super star? Was this scene to be payback for some lack of respect she showed to the biggest dick in porn? I felt that tingling starting, warning me to be on my toes and never let him out of my sight. When the makeup people informed me that Antoinette hadn't shown to be made up as being battered and bruised, I went on point like a retriever.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The director cleared the set except for those essential to the scene, another warning sign. In walked Antoinette, naked with her hands cuffed behind her back. She was being held by two underlings who took advantage of her helplessness to cop a few feels and even get a finger of two into her cunt as she struggled fruitlessly to escape their pawing. I quickly noticed that her face was unmarked and gave a sigh of relief. In walked the star decked out in a uniform, who ordered his men to cuff the traitor to the bedsprings that leaned against the wall. Despite her struggles they soon had Antoinette spread-eagled on the metal springs, available for the interrogation that would follow. There was some lame dialogue between the two and I winced. Our writers really sucked when it came to putting words into the mouths of our actors, such as they were.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter turned away from the woman and looked toward his desk where a rubber hose and a set of leather gloves rested. Suddenly he whirled around and drove his fist into the prisoner's belly, only a few inches above her shaven vulva. He stepped back to assess the damage he had done to the woman. She was pale and her lips quivered, but otherwise she was quiet. Peter grinned and this time he used both hands, landing a couple of blows to the area between her big tits. Antoinette wheezed as she tried to refill her empty lungs. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The camera guys were using shoulder cameras to get some great close ups of his fists flattening her big tits over and over until he stepped back and took a rest. Antoinette was barely conscious; her head lolling on her bruised and battered knockers. Damn, she looked terrific in that position, helpless and at his mercy, her great body still sexy as hell and ready for whatever her assailant could dream up for her next. We had little time to wonder what it would be.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued sooner than later - jethro jodhpur)&nbsp;&nbsp; 











Picking and Choosing - Chapter 18





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter picked up the leather gloves and pulled them on, smiling at the way they fit his large hands. He returned to his prisoner and without a word began punching her, the first few blows flattening her multicolored tits that had swollen considerably in just the last few minutes. From there he battered her ribcage, being careful not to break them, but doing enough damage that every breath she took was pure agony. Even the hardened crew manning the stage winced in sympathy as blow after blow made her ribcage flex to its limit. He paused to catch his breath before moving down to her belly. It was a game of cat and mouse as he worked on her gut with powerful punches that drove all the air from her lungs and made her vomit so often that her face began to turn blue from the lack of air and her inability to take anything resembling a deep breath. He was quick as a cat and managed to avoid getting any of the mess she brought up on his uniform. She finally passed out; her head lolling onto her big mottled tits that now were grotesquely mismatched. The director called for a break that did not sit well with the star, who bitterly complained. Worse yet when the crew attempted to check out Antoinette they caught hell from him. This led to a shouting match and some threats from the crew to do some serious harm to the king of cocks, as he liked to be known to most people.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By threatening to walk off the stage leaving the crew and director high and dry, Peter Python got his way. The lovely woman was still unconscious when the lights went on and the director shouted for action. He got it in spades. The prisoner was roused by slaps to her eardrums and as soon as her eyes fluttered and opened, he spit into them. There was more mumbling from the crew, but they had no choice but to watch and hope they got a chance later to even the score with the super star of porn. Peter began threatening Antoinette with even worse treatment if she didn't tell him what she knew about the plan to get information about the new weapon that was about to be fielded by his country. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank goodness no one ever paid attention to the dialogue, provided it was short and didn't get in the way of the blood, sex and gore that was our trademark to date. In this situation Peter's ad-libbing was a nice introduction to what was going to happen to our heroine if she didn't cough up everything she knew about the plan. Of course no matter what she said, her captors would want to be sure that they had wrung every scrap of information from her, no matter how long it took and what kind of damage was done to the heroine. I started to wonder how long Antoinette would be in the hospital after this epic was finished. I also began to worry about what might happen to Piggy when it came to be her turn to meet the evil interrogator.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We all watched as Peter stuck most of his gloved hand into the prisoner's twat and wiggled it around as he watched her face. He pulled it out and then held it up, now glistening with her juices. Someone in the crew let out a whistle, angering our director to no end. It was fairly obvious that Antoinette was very turned on by what was happening to her and eagerly looking forward to more of the same. Peter did not disappoint her one bit on that score. He pinched her fat nipples and twisted them until she gasped. He grinned and asked her if she wanted more and his prisoner shut her eyes before nodding her head and whimpering for her pain fix. How weird was this? Suppose she's a liar, how do you handle that possibility? I began to get a headache from figuring out what was what and coming to no conclusion about the subject. I hoped that our audience didn't get the same type of headache as yours truly was getting. That would be a catastrophe!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter didn't seem to have any problem whatsoever. If she got off on pain, he'd give her pain. He'd give her so much pain that she'd overload and act like any other prisoner, spilling her guts for relief from the agony he was causing her. The interrogator pulled a tack strip from his desk drawer, the points about half an inch long. The backside had an adhesive to attach the strip to whatever needed it. The prisoner kept her eyes fixed on the foot long strip as the sadist brought it over to where she waited. He grabbed one nipple and used it to raise her swollen, black and blue tit so the strip could be attached to the skin beneath that big lump of tormented flesh. He allowed the tit to make contact with the row of tacks, but didn't add any extra pressure to the weight of the tit. The interrogator did the same to the other one as well, and then stepped back to survey the situation. While Antoinette began to deliberately struggle against the bedsprings in hopes of driving the tacks deeper into her tit flesh everyone around the stage was glued to her every movement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rubber hose came down on her left tit like a bolt from the blue, catching her by surprise. She screamed from the pain that those little tacks generated as they sank deeper into her super sensitive flesh. Before she could catch her breath he whacked the other fun bag and set her off once more. For what seemed like minutes he slammed the rubber hose down on those imprisoned mounds of skin and fat as she wailed and shrieked. No one could tell if she was in pain or expressing her pleasure from what each blow was providing to her psyche. Peter took a break and allowed his underlings to take a run at the prisoner. He insisted however that they wear condoms for their own health and safety and refrain from using her mouth. In fact he was too proud to enter her pussy or mouth after they had been filled with the sperm of his minions. They didn't seem to care. The prospect of being able to fuck a good-looking prisoner before her mind and body were totally degraded or even destroyed was considered rare good fortune.




 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first thing they did was to drag the bedsprings, to which Antoinette was attached, away from the wall and set it down on the floor. This would allow them to use her cunt and tits at the same time. Soon there was a cock burrowing between her swollen, battered, multicolored tits while another cock, sheathed in a rubber, was punching in and out of her tight twat. She seemed almost to be detached from what was being done to her body. Only those who punished her fun bags with slaps, fists and vicious pinches and prodding got any response from her. One of them got carried away and actually punched her in the face, splitting her full, sensual lips. His peers made him pay a severe price for his disobedience, banishing him from the room and any chance of screwing the prisoner. The boss or his agent for such matters would likely provide more serious punishment, once he learned about it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gangbangs have limited appeal after perhaps fifteen or twenty minutes, especially when the victim has only one entry available. In reality Antoinette spent the better part of an hour and a half under the broiling arc lights that sucked moisture from her body like enormous sponges. To keep the action going the director allowed them more leeway to punish her while they waited their turn or felt cheated by how quickly her tight twat had sucked the sperm from their balls. They slapped her face, but were warned not to leave bruises, which proved to be a challenge for these brutes. Others twisted her ears into grotesque shapes as she whimpered and tears rolled down her cheeks. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her big tits attracted plenty of attention. Since they were already damaged severely, her tormentors felt no compunctions about adding more bruises to the collection and doing their best to permanently separate her nipples from them. Fortunately they failed in that endeavor, saving themselves from the terrible consequences that would have occurred. Some even scratched the stretched skin over her badly damaged ribs, creating rivulets of blood that trickled down the sides of her body. By the time the director halted the slaughter, the prisoner was barely conscious, the perfect foil for what was to follow.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter returned and surveyed the damage done to his prisoner, noting the bruise on her face and the split lips. Most of the scratches on her ribcage had stopped bleeding and so he let that excess pass. The condition of her ears was another matter entirely. He had to admit that they had not specifically been listed as do not touch, his error so it seemed. A sardonic smile broke over his face as he realized what he was about to do to this enemy of the people. If as it seemed she enjoyed pain, then she would relish what was in store for her next. First he ordered his underlings to restore the bedspring with its cargo of raw meat securely against the wall. She would be thrashing against her bonds quite often as he worked on her bare body. They did as ordered, and then all but one left the room. His job was to assist Peter in preparing his victim for a continuation of the uneven struggle between them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter got Antoinette's complete attention when he carefully removed a coil of barbed wire from his bottomless desk drawer. Donning his leather gloves he and his underling proceeded to wrap the barbed wire around his prisoner's midsection, going from just below her bloated breasts to just above her shaved vulva. In a few spots the barbs already drew blood as she shifted her body to protect it from the fiendish wire. He paused to survey what he had already accomplished and was most pleased. The woman's eyes were big and her breathing shallow in order to prevent further damage to her unbroken skin. This brought an amused smile to Peter's face; she hadn't experienced the next wrapping of the wire and its consequences. She gasped in fear as more barbed wire was wrapped around her swollen tits, forcing her to concentrate even more on the way she drew breath. Peter dismissed his helper and settled down to continue his game of cat and mouse with a very uneasy Antoinette.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gasped and took a bite from the barbed wire wrapped around her swollen tits. The interrogator had moved to a fixture in the wall against which the bedspring leaned. He bent down and picked up a hose with a fitting that attached to the fixture. Peter leaned over to within inches of her face and asked if she was thirsty. She shut her eyes and began moving her head from side to side. She knew what was about to happen to her and there was very little she could do to prevent it. It took very little effort on his part to force the hose into his prisoner's mouth and begin the tedious process of pushing it down her throat. She struggled mightily but he had the upper hand. Now the barbed wire came into play, ripping small chunks of skin and even some flesh from her thrashing body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He enjoyed every moment of this one-sided contest as inch by inch the tubing made its way down her throat. Its diameter was such that if she relaxed there would be a small separation that would allow some air to reach her lungs, at least for a time. Satisfied that there was no way she could force the hose up from her throat, he attached the end to the wall fixture and told her what to expect if she didn't give him a sign that she was ready to tell him what he wanted to know about the organization to which she held allegiance. For a brief moment her eyes seemed to flicker, a prelude to her capitulation, then it died. He smiled and opened the fixture slightly to give her a taste of what to expect as the water ran down into her stomach and started the slow process of filling it. Peter was impressed by her reaction to this situation; she controlled her breathing and kept her body quite still to avoid any more bites from the barbed wire wrapped around her tits and midsection.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alas, she was just opening herself up for another approach that would break down her defenses. It weighed less than an ounce and was quite flexible as she quickly discovered once the feather began gently tickling her armpit. It didn't take long for her involuntary muscles to cause her grief. Almost against her will her body began to twitch and the movements translated into barbed wire bites that left a trail of blood from various portions of her body. The feather moved across her stiff nippled tits and she began to giggle uncontrollably. The carnage was widespread and severe as the barbed wire began cutting swathes of bloody furrows into her swollen tits. He backed away and let her wrestle with her self control, all the while ripping and tearing open her skin and well beneath into her flesh. Then she felt the first pressure upward from her stomach that was still taking on a slow, steady cargo of water from the wall fixture. She was now on the verge of panic and Peter approached with the feather and this time he homed in on her fat-lipped, shaven cunt mouth. Her bulging eyes told him all he needed to know; his prisoner was on the verge of cracking and telling him everything she knew.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued sooner than later - jethro jodhpur)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Picking and Choosing - Chapter 19





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter was confident that his prisoner was at her limit and ready to tell him all she knew. He watched as another blood blister was created on her left tit as she tried desperately to control her fear of what was to come. Peter cracked the valve controlling the flow of water into her belly and watched what the slight extra flow would cause in his victim. Her belly was beginning to round gently and he could see numerous places where the barbed wire would soon begin to eat into her flesh, adding to the blood that was oozing from the nearly dozen locations already broken open. He stared into her face and did not like what he saw, she was still resisting. It was time to relieve the sexual tension that was building up within his body. The thought of feeding his huge cock into her tight pussy while she struggled to prevent her bloated belly from causing more and more blood to flow from her every growing number of wounds excited him tremendously. Her eyes popped when he pulled his enormous weapon from his trousers. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He approached her cautiously for a number of reasons, first and foremost was the barbed wire wrapped around her lower body. Then there was the matter of her struggling and changing positions as he began entering her. He decided to shut off the water to make things easier for him, but before this was accomplished, he opened the tap wide for a few seconds to add more water to what was accumulating in her belly. This would give her something else to consider as he worked his cock deeper and deeper, adding more pressure to her overloaded stomach and increasing the probability of creating more small pools of blood from the bites of the barbed wire.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As he expected, the quick burst of water had thrown her off kilter and a number of barbs cut into the flesh of her tits and belly. While she was dealing with this new assault, he carefully positioned his hands to give him the type of leverage he'd need once he pressed his body against her. The bedsprings would deform in certain places and throw her into a panic, it was then that he planned to stab his half-hard cock into her pussy mouth, making contact and giving him a stable position from which to work. It was almost not worth the effort, but he wanted to totally dominate her before allowing the prisoner to spill her guts in a metaphoric sense.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It went just as he planned and the head of his enormous cock wedged into Antoinette's tight cunt as she thrashed mindlessly in a panic, tearing parts of her anatomy to shreds. The pain and blood that resulted only drove her to more movement. He stared into the woman's eyes and saw the fear reflected from them. Now he would show her what pain and suffering was really all about. He began stabbing her cunt with his rapidly hardening cock that was at least a foot in length and still growing. It was slow going, but inch-by-inch he moved his dick deeper into her moist fuck channel. The people surrounding the stage held their breath, wondering if she could survive this brutal raping that was taking place almost in slow motion. Now she was taking over twelve solid inches of thick dick and it was beginning to cause more trouble outside as well as within her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tossed her head from side to side as the barbed wire ate more and more of her tit flesh and made a mess of her pubic mound. Her mind was beginning to retreat to a place that could not be reached by her thrashing body. Peter Python could feel her fear and detachment too. Now she seemed calm even when he pulled back and sent over twelve inches of hard meat rumbling down her cunt pipe like it was a hundred car freight train. He was starting to get into a rhythm that was very comfortable for him to sustain, and murderous on his prisoner. Her eyes had rolled back into her head and her breathing was shallow and intermittent. This irritated the interrogator and he redoubled his efforts to reach her cervix, which he knew to be easily within reach. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He pulled out until only the head of his massive weapon was keeping the entrance to her twat open for business. Peter carefully moved his body so he could make contact with her face that felt like it had been in a meat locker. She was totally unprepared for the vicious bite that ripped off a small chunk of her face along the jaw line. Her high-pitched squeal of terror and agony made the hair of the crew stand on end. Her entire body quivered and her flesh actually rippled as it encountered more and more barbed wire that was tearing her firm, curving form to shreds. Her face grew purplish as her lungs labored to gain precious oxygen. It was at that time when Peter loosed his massive cock into Antoinette's cunt once again, this time the head crashed against her cervix, adding to her fear and agony. Again and again his mighty tool battered her into submission. He was now ready for his final move.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He gingerly removed himself from the bedsprings and his partially barbed wire covered victim. He could not resist the opportunity to strike the bedsprings solidly and watch the vibrations cause new wounds to open in various areas of her bleeding, naked body. Peter opened the valve controlling the flow of water into her belly and watched with a half smile as her stomach grew rounder and came into more contact with the cruel barbs decorating her midsection. Next he used pliers to tighten the wire wrapped around her big tits that hadn't taken as much punishment as her stomach and vulva. She squealed and shook as the barbed wire ate into her tits, even cutting across both her fat nipples. Now each breath was agony for his victim. Her midsection by now was covered with a sheet of blood from all the wounds, but the damage intensified as her stomach swelled and made each barb go even deeper creating a larger and deeper covering of crimson fluid.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The interrogator gave his prisoner one last chance to talk. He valved off the flow of water so she could speak. Yanking the hose from her belly and up through her throat left her unable to do more than croak. He leaned over her and asked the first of his questions. Every time she tried to answer, little bubbles of blood formed and burst on her lips. Obviously the rough manner in which he had removed the hose had done some damage to her throat. Still he persisted, asking simple questions that required only a nod. Antoinette had taken advantage of this break from her torturing to regain some of her original fortitude and strong desire for pain. For her it was all or nothing and she didn't care which way the scales moved. The director broke the tension by demanding that she be given time to recover from the vicious treatment he had meted out to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peter Python was not one to take orders from most people, especially menials like the director. Before he could be stopped he grabbed his trusty rubber hose and began beating Antoinette's barbed wire wrapped tits with furious blows that soon had a fountain of blood gushing from those shredded bags of fat. There would be plenty of work for the surgeons that tried to restore her terribly damaged body, if given the opportunity. That is a story yet to be told, but there still remained the conclusion of this epic production that done properly could put us on the map and make our backers a ton of money. Despite the loss of the star for the moment the director decided to move on once the female lead was able to take more abuse. It would be more than a day before Antoinette was ready to face the cameras once more. During that break the director and his writers had developed some new things to force the "prisoner" to endure. Peter Python had been written out of the remainder of this scene, and had gone ballistic to no avail.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had written in some dialogue for one of the spear-carriers who now was identified as the interrogator's assistant. The scene was restarted late the following afternoon. A local physician had worked most of the night repairing some of the more stressing injuries that Antoinette had accumulated. She thanked him personally with a blowjob that nearly took his head off. As soon as she got a look at the revised script, she had the doctor inject her with some painkillers that would allow her pussy and tits to take more punishment for a few hours more. She was delighted to see that the writers and the director had increased the amount of pain and suffering she had to endure before the scene was finished with her death.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Antoinette got wet, very, very wet when she was escorted to the stage and saw what was waiting for her. As the director saw it, she had two sides to that awesome body and they had only worked on one. She smiled happily as they tied her body, spread-eagle fashion, to the bedsprings once more, this time face down. The metal springs immediately began irritating her wounds, opening up many of them that thrilled the director no end. Her bare body was now at such an angle as to make it easy for them to sodomize her and also do more damage to that overworked cunt. However for openers, to get the blood flowing so to speak, she would be beaten for a time using one of a variety of implements, ranging from traditional whips to exotic canes. Then a rape break would follow before another round of whipping. This would continue until each member of the rape gang had his fill of Antoinette's tight asshole and very wet pussy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What poor Antoinette didn't know was that the director had dragooned every able-bodied porn star on the lot to assist in this epic gangbang. Anything went as long as the star was still alive when they turned her over for the grand finale, her death in living color. This part was not disclosed to the star, he wanted it to be a surprise that he'd capture on film. She'd be given the last rites by a defrocked priest while a pair of spring-loaded knives was inserted into her throbbing, worn-out cunt and ruined asshole and the buttons pushed to rip open her guts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rapists took no prisoner, doing their best to ruin every hole they penetrated. Since she wasn't gagged, Antoinette was quite vocal as they reamed out her tight asshole until it looked like a doughnut oozing raspberry filling. They went out of their way to be rough, pinching and spanking her bare body and even scratching it with their dirty fingernails as they made her asshole swallow their hard cocks that never seemed to get soft. After three or four rapists had their fill she'd be whipped, starting at the nape of her neck and working down her bare body to finally reach her ankles, many hours later when it was pitch dark outside and only the arc lights stayed on to record this symphony of brutality.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Antoinette was whipped with a bullwhip to start, the four- foot length wrapping around her neck and pulling her head back until it appeared that any second her neck would snap. The rapist was an expert with this implement, walking it over both her shoulders and crisscrossing her bare back that soon was covered with deep weals that in some places split open the skin. The director loved that and made sure the cameramen got some good film of that bleeding back as it was slowly over the hours turned into hamburger from the relentless whipping they delivered. After a second turn for the gangbangers she was whipped with another type of implement made of plastic that was wound tightly like leather. It delivered a blow that bruised more than cut the skin. She took thirty of the best before they decided she needed some fisting from those who had already fucked her asshole so hard and fast that it still looked like an open wound.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now there was a fist inside her wet twat and a dick deep inside her ass as well. Her cunt was still tight enough to prevent the fister from moving too far up her fuck tunnel. However the one sodomizing her almost always made sure he pressed her swollen tits against the metal springs so the wounds would open up again. The steady ass raping had done its work already and her vulva was a bloody mess despite all the efforts of the doctor to sew them up last night. Another bad habit they developed while they ruined her colon for life involved grabbing her by the hair and using it to yank her head back until her neck bones cracked, causing her to panic and shriek for help. Others reached around and got their fingers into her mouth and stretched the skin like it was silly putty, yanking her head from side to side and driving her into a frenzy of fear that one false move might break her neck, killing her immediately.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whips were now replaced by smaller but just as damaging implements. By the time they were done ripping her lower back into a bleeding mass of ruined skin and flesh, she was on the verge of going into shock, so bad were the two beatings. First a ball chain flogger was used to strip the skin and rake the exposed flesh of the region located just above her plump ass cheeks that had not yet tasted the wrath of the interrogator and his assistant. Once this was accomplished they finished her off with a sharkskin flogger that chewed up her bleeding flesh, splattering drops of her blood onto the wall and floor around the bedsprings to which she was attached. Another round of raping took place and this time it lasted for nearly two hours as they did their best to make sure she would never enjoy sex again. Little did they know about her strange tastes, just as well since it might have irritated them to the point that her life might have been in jeopardy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Antoinette for all her enjoyment of pain had limits and they were very close to being breached. The final whipping would take her over the top and nearly end her life as she writhed on the crude stage with the arc lights draining the last drop of moisture from her devastated body. Just to be on the safe side the director halted shooting so he could speak to Antoinette who was barely conscious. Her breathing was more like a steady wheeze and small blood flecked bubbles broke over her lips to add to the horror he was facing. He leaned closer so he could make out her words as he asked if she was ready for a new level of pain as her plump ass cheeks were about to be caned until they were one solid lump of bleeding meat. Her smile reminded him of a death's head, but he made out the few words she uttered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I need to go there. It is my destiny.... No mercy... Give me all of it."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He returned to his chair and signaled for the caning to begin. Two of the strongest studs were selected to whip her. One would use a thick, nearly inflexible length of bamboo called a Whangee, the other would follow with a standard thin rattan cane designed to cut and slash the skin and flesh beneath it. The three foot length of bamboo made a sickening sound as it crashed against her rounded bottom, splitting her cheeks horizontally and leaving two massive weals with deep circular marks every two inches or so from the bulging nodules on the cane. The other followed with two quick hits that crossed her cheeks from topside to bottom at an angle. Antoinette was still reacting to the pain that raced through her body from the first blow and she was caught unprepared for the vicious slashes that followed. She wheezed and croaked as more blood bubbles broke over her lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Whangee proved to be very difficult to use properly because of its weight and smooth finish. Many times it would veer from the target and land somewhere else or skid off her bleeding hindquarters completely. It was passed from stud to stud with similar results until it came into the hands of one of the smaller members of the raping team. He had enough sense to use both hands while wielding it and take his time before each blow was delivered. The results were awesome and at the same time sickening for many who witnessed this brutal beating. Antoinette had been reduced to whimpering and squealing by the power of this weapon. She hardly reacted to the slashing attack from the one using the rattan. The pain from the bamboo cane was so intense and lasted so long, it overwhelmed the pain generated by the rattan. Nonetheless it was tearing up her once firm ass cheeks and responsible for most of the blood that was running in small streams from her swollen hindquarters. Someone finally noticed that the prisoner was no longer making any sounds, and a break was declared so she could be revived.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The director paced the floor like an expectant father as others struggled to bring Antoinette back from wherever she had retreated. Finally she came around and croaked for water that was forbidden by the director. He was on the verge of pushing her into the abyss from which her mind and body might never return, he would not be denied this triumph. The first blow from the Whangee sent blood splattering everywhere, and the refreshed wielder on the rattan cane whipped it back and forth over her ass carving new cuts into that swollen lump of flesh. The thumping sound the thick length of bamboo made as it struck her fleshy bottom was loud and flat followed by a grunt or gasp from the victim. The pounding and slashing went on for many long minutes before Antoinette lapsed into what was almost a coma. The director decided to turn her over onto her back so they could finish her off. To the amazement of those who did the job, she awoke and began mumbling and licking her parched lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that the director revealed his sadistic nature to all those involved in this horrific scene. He reached into his pocket and produced a small lump of salt that he rubbed across the woman's swollen, split lips, watching with a demonic smile as she croaked and desperately tried to lick the salt from the open wounds to reduce the terrible pain that was now being generated. She had gone over to the other side when it came to pain. It was no longer her friend or a source of pleasure. It was agony and a hot fire burning away her skin and eating its way toward her bones. There was nothing to do but hope for darkness and death, the only escape routes available.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her ruined front side acted like a magnet for the insane director. First her vulva was ripped to pieces by the rattan cane. Poor Antoinette still was unable to escape the pain, she remained awake and in agony. That was nothing compared to what the Whangee did when it slammed down across her swollen, bleeding tits. One of the nodules had ripped one of her nipples from the bloody lump of flesh, creating a sound from her that made the hair on everyone's neck stiffen. Through it all, the two cameramen were shooting as if they were covering a children's birthday party. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now the climax had arrived and the two spring-loaded knives were brought out and shown to the camera. When the button on the side was pressed, the razor sharp blade was released and out came over six inches of shining steel. They were shown to Antoinette, who looked at them with eyes that were far away from this place. In they went, one up her soaking wet cunt until just the button was visible, the other slipping past the distended ring of bloated, bleeding flesh that was once her sphincter muscle. Two of the rape gang took their places and at a sign from the director pressed the buttons on the two knives and stepped back as gushers of blood spewed from her two holes as she closed her eyes and drifted off to wherever her mind had gone.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Picking and Choosing - Chapter 20



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everyone on the set seemed frozen in their positions despite the director's shout of "Cut!" It was the doctor who took command and probably saved Antoinette's life. The knives had done major damage to her; that mixed with the terrible beatings she had taken had moved her very close to death's door. None of her previous outings could be compared to this epic of sex and sadism. Despite its huge sales, the bastards in charge never offered as much as an extra dollar for that awesome performance. As far as this cog in the great wheel was concerned, it was time to plan for a future without any connection to this kind of work. If it was just me, I'd have left that night and never looked back. However like a fool I had taken some type of responsibility for Piggy, now Peggy and her bedmate, Ginny. The realization that deep within my makeup there lurked some semblance of morality astonished me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ginny had already had her baptism in porn, having done a couple of scenes where she was part of a furious sex orgy or one of the three unfortunates who were being gangbanged mercilessly for hours on end. I got a look at part of that taping session and she was holding her own even though the portion I saw had her being made air tight by three studs who seemed fresh as daisies while Ginny was beginnng to get that far away look on her face that signaled she was at the end of her endurance. For the next few days she walked very slowly and winced when she had to sit. Naturally she declined my generous offer to take her mind off her aches and pains by means of Tantric sex methods that I had mastered earlier in my life. This was total nonsense, but it didn't hurt to try.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What bothered me was the way Peggy and Peter Python were getting along. To my way of thinking he was nothing but a low life scumbag, which he proved by his behavior with Antoinette during the taping. I was more than surprised that the boys across the border let him continue on the payroll. There was a lot they didn't bother telling me, after all I was just about reduced to errand boy status around this place. The only other thing that held me here was the condition of our fallen star, Antoinette. The company doctor had miraculously saved her life with his quick action once that vicious scene had ended. They had whisked her off to this special hospital located only an hour's drive from our encampment. So a few days later I&nbsp; found myself accompanying the doctor to the hospital to see how his patient was doing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hospital was not what I was expecting. It consisted of a group of low rise adobe buildings out in the middle of nowhere. The number of cars parked around the various buildings couldn't have numbered a dozen, and most looked as if they belonged to the people that did the dirty work at this place. My initial estimate was proven later to be only half correct. The first hint that this place was a lot more than what it seemed, involved the security system that featured state of the art cameras that were obviously manned by highly trained people, people that carried guns as I quickly learned once we were allowed to gain access to the main building. They photographed and gave me a badge, with the warning that failure to wear it would result in my expulsion from the facility, never to return. For some reason it quickly sank into my consciousness that this was not your average hospital. It would become very apparent that the patients housed here had different reasons for being out in the middle of what was almost a desert, isolated from prying eyes.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor hurried me along to one of the rooms located at one wing of the hospital, if that was what this place was. We passed four other steel doors, all with closed viewing ports that could only be opened by a key. His key also opened the door to the little room that contained what was left of Antoinette. I was astonished at what I saw. She was suspended by a narrow sling that supported her back; her legs and arms&nbsp; pulled into a star formation by cables attached to the posts of the bed. Her hair had been clipped short and her bare body was covered with metal clips holding together the deep gashes that she had sustained during the scenes she made only a few days ago. What looked like a small bear trap was fixed to her cunt mouth which appeared to be stuffed with cotton.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her mutilated tits were contained within metal cups that prevented any examination of them. The woman's face was completely bandaged except for two small holes to allow her to breathe and a narrow slit exposing her lips. She greeted the doctor in a throaty voice that amazed me. How could someone on the verge of death have recovered to the point that she could speak in just over a week's time? The doctor busied himself with checking her vital signs which were being registered on a screen that was connected by an umbilical cord to various probes in her body. I announced myself and she greeted me and expressed her pleasure that anyone from the organization would take the time to visit her while she recuperated. I was stunned that she could speak at all, considering the number of big cocks that had punched their way down her throat during that latest epic she made. When she casually remarked that she'd be ready for work within a month, perhaps sooner if the doctor's new treatments worked as he hoped, I was astonished. From the corner of my eye I saw the doctor smiling and nodding his head in agreement with what she had just said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once he was satisfied concerning his patient's progress, we left and began walking back to the main desk. I was still amazed at what I'd just witnessed. It was as if Antoinette had risen from the grave. How could she have recovered so quickly from what should have left her crippled for life at best, and more likely dead. I didn't see the person headed in our direction until he was upon me. Just before we nearly collided I stepped aside and almost fell. I was too busy recovering from my near fall to realize who the other person was. It was the doctor who announced who it was, none other than Dr. Chiang Hui. The good doctor looked me in the face and grinned. I was speechless. Then the doctor spoke to Chiang and two and two suddenly made four.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Off to see the patient? She's in good spirits and as you predicted, her wounds are healing at an unbelievable rate. She'll be ready for another session in less than a month and no one will be the wiser thanks to the way her body has started to change. Oh, one thing more, our patient's been asking when she'll be allowed to have more than oral sex. If you're correct, she's almost ready as we speak. Of course considering what she owes you, there is no reason for our patient to be so self-centered."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mysterious Chinese physician smiled and added a few words that were a bit difficult to understand completely as far as I was concerned.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It's amazing how a patient can so quickly forget who is responsible for their current situation. Would she be so eager if it was the one who caused this catastrophe waiting for her to recuperate enough so he could begin ruining her new body?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They both smiled and bowed while I just stared at the wall, waiting for Dr. Chiang to acknowledge my existence. It seems that the good doctor somehow made a connection to those who called the shots down here in Mexico. He had been in on Antoinette's recovery from the moment she arrived at the hospital. Whatever he did stopped her system from totally shutting down and started a miraculous recovery that amazed the hospital's staff. Now it turned out he needed another subject to prove his mystery drug on someone currently healthy. As luck would have it he chose Peggy. To make sure that she cooperated they expected yours truly to assure her that what would happen to her physically would make Peggy a super star in the porn world as defined here in Nuevo Laredo.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Upon my return I sought out Peggy to give her a heads up concerning her great new opportunity. To my astonishment I found my porn discovery involved in a torrid scene with of all people, Peter Python. My former protege' was stark naked and on her back, bound tightly in a spread-eagle position. One of the Euro scum, a female of sorts, was fist fucking Peggy and looking very bored at the entire situation. Straddling my former meal ticket was Peter Python, in a full, glorious erection that appeared and disappeared inside plump Peggy's mouth and down her throat. It was astonishing to see the contour of his massive cock moving like a giant snake in and out of his victim's gullet. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What made me doubt my eyes was the calm way she was handling the situation. His huge prong glistened with a coating of saliva his captive applied while it was moving back and forth from her throat to mouth in an almost mechanical way. Things got more interesting when he raised up slightly and forced that monster down her throat and kept it there for what seemed like an eternity. My former student hardly batted an eyelash. Meanwhile the Euro slut kept up the pressure and gained a further foothold, or was it forearm, inside Peggy's twat, looking for all the world like she was going to soon make contact with her captive's cervix.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was on the verge of making a scene when Peter Python abruptly pulled his cock from Peggy's throat with a loud pop. She gasped and coughed for a brief moment and then once again, down her throat that monster went, moving like a jungle creature looking for prey to feed its needs. For some reason I focused on Peggy's bound feet to discover they were motionless despite what was happening to her body. To break the tension, the Euro cunt pulled her fist from Peggy's twat and wiped off the mucous and other foreign substances that had accumulated on it by using the captive's stomach and thighs. I noticed that Peggy had nearly lost all of her beer gut since our arrival. My mind started to play tricks on me as I fantasized about being in Peter Python's place and what nasty things I'd do to poor Peggy now that she was looking good to me. Her feet still hadn't given any evidence that she was encountering any discomfort despite what was currently blocking her ability to breathe.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not being able to see exactly what was going on where the two stars were, caused me to move to get a better view of the scene. I wasn't there more than a minute when things changed once more. The thick cock blocking her windpipe was disgorged, allowing Peggy to start breathing once again. She still didn't show any sign of fear despite the near death experiences she had just endured. Python took this break in the action to move his body such that his captive's tits were now in play. I quickly noticed that Peggy's knockers were now at least double Ds, very impressive. I was jolted out of my sex dream involving me and my little piglette by a cracking sound caused by Peter Python's slap to Peggy's face. It certainly left an impression, but Peggy hardly blinked her eyes. I began to wonder if she was on some kind of tranquilizer that allowed her to handle what had been happening for the past twenty minutes or so. I wasn't too far from the truth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watched as Peggy's master grabbed her massive tits and let them dangle. He dropped them back onto her chest and pushed them together. His massive prong began tunneling between those big, pillowy mounds as Peggy looked down her nose to see what was happening. There were very few tits that could handle Peter Python's cock, but she had a set that qualified. The technicians running the set watched intently as the biggest cock in porn sawed away between a set of mammaries that were their equal. While this was going on, the Euro slut got busy and started to fist fuck Peggy like she meant it. You could hear the grunts she and Peggy made as that big fist wormed its way up the captive's birth canal looking for a prize or door number one, if this was a quiz show. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now Peter switched and began using his rock hard cock as a club. I winced every time that foot long plus weapon slammed down on Peggy's tits then moved to her face. It was amazing that my little dumpling didn't even close her eyes as Peter dick-whipped her lips, cheeks and across her nose. All that time the Euro slut was moving closer and closer to room number one. Peggy let out a whoop announcing that room number one had been reached. That seemed to galvanize Peter Python into some new activity involving his cock and Peggy's twat. In a flash he had moved off his victim and pushed the other slut aside. Peggy remained relatively quiet, not that she was in any position to object to whatever her captor was planning. He remounted my little starlet without as much as a "by your leave", and began battering his huge cock against the gate to the castle, so to speak. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His assistant, who I began to think of as a hunchbacked dwarf named Igor,&nbsp; got busy and glued her twat to Peggy's mouth. This prevented any screams that my little dumpling might attempt as her relatively demivirgin cunt started to feel the result of Peter's monster cock. Rumor had it that there were a few studs, almost all black, who could measure up to Peter's python as far as length. There were also claims, again from those of mostly African descent, challenging the thickness of his massive member. However when it came to the product of length by thickness, Peter Python was in a class by himself. Now I was sitting no more than ten feet from the master of the monster, with little Peggy playing the role of the helpless captive. There was nothing I could do but pray that cooler heads might intervene if things got really ugly. Then again I recalled what happened to Antoinette, and began to despair.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was impossible! There was no way that Peggy was swallowing his dick whole! I could hear gasps from other corners of the stage as well while half of the biggest dick in the modern world was disappearing at a rapid rate into his victim's cunt. Peggy groaned a little and shifted her body slightly to accommodate more of the unwelcome visitor that was now taking up residence in her pussy. Peter Python took a small break, took a big gulp of air and proceeded to do the impossible. Peggy groaned loudly and her body shivered as the rest of the huge snake-like prong was swallowed by her twat. You could hear a pin drop as the entire crew and yours truly waited for the next miracle to occur before our very eyes. It didn't take long for it to happen. Out came most of that monster, paused for effect and then slammed back into its victim. It was as if a freight train was rumbling past, nothing else I could think of made sense. How could Peggy handle this brute, this hose monster?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she started to push back once his dick was buried to the hilt in her sloopy, dripping tunnel of fun and fucking, there was a collective gasp from the audience. She was doing more than just being a passive hunk of cunt. This little girl wanted some action and she wasn't going to be easily satisfied. The guys running the cameras woke up and started taking shots at all sorts of angles as Peggy gave as much as Python gave her. I still wondered just where Peggy managed to hide all that cock, but there it was in black and white, his big dick rumbling in and out of her cunt that was oozing more strange stuff than anyone could imagine. In time she actually bucked off the Euro tramp and began bellowing for more cock. That brought the house down!&nbsp; In a fight to the finish no one would bet against Peter Python for obvious reasons. What was keeping Peggy so eager and enthusiastic? Then things began to get weird; very, very weird.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Euro tramp was ordered to remove the ropes keeping Peggy's legs from getting into the action. Once that was accomplished, Peter got Peggy's legs up onto his shoulders and proceeded to give her hell, almost as if she was on the ground and he was flying a fighter plane. You talk about a pile driver, this was damn near a slaughter. Still Peggy was doing nothing more than grunting when he touched bottom and gasping on occasion as he slowly began to wear her out. Her huge tits were bouncing in rhythm with the powerful thrusts that the Python man was delivering. How long Peggy could continue to take this brutal raping was any man's guess. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To my way of thinking he was obviously annoyed or better yet infuriated at the way she was showing him up. That made him pull out all the stops and so he did. It took some time but he finally ground her down to the point that she only whimpered at each blockbuster that went off deep inside her cunt. Finally Peggy upchucked all over herself and started choking on her own vomit. I was on the verge of leaping onto the stage, but Peter Python called a halt to the scene and personally made sure his sex partner got the right kind of care as well as a break while the set was changed. It was astonishing about the way he treated Peggy, especially in contrast to what he had dished out to Antoinette without any concern for her well-being. Still I shuddered when the bedsprings were brought out onto the stage and prepared to hold Peggy for some serious torture if I knew anything about Peter Python. Twenty minutes later the stage was set, properly lit and the captor and her interrogator were ready to play their roles as I watched with my fingers crossed.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





