BDSM Library - Boys will be Boys




Boys will be Boys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What better birthday present is there than a naked pain slut in the middle of your livingroom floor?Boys Will Be Boys  
By Kayla Kuffs  
1639 words  
She was naked except the cuffs that covered her wrists and ankles, kowtowed
  in the center of his living room. Her long hair was flung forward and displayed
  between her arms that were pushed straight out from her shoulders. As he walked
  around her, he could see the end of the butt plug that sealed her ass and a
  cord trailing from her pussy. Taped to her tailbone was a sign that said "Happy
  Birthday Sir." He smiled and pulled the sign off. It blocked his view.  
Bending down he turned the dial on the cord that was lying between her legs
  and turned it on to low. She flinched but didn't utter a sound. He tapped the
  end of the butt plug, he heard a quiet gasp but she held her pose.  
He stood back and noticed there was a beer waiting for him beside his favourite
  chair, the mug still frosted.  
"Oh baby." He growled. He picked it up and gulped half of it down then surveyed
  the room to see what else she had prepared for him. Candles were placed in
  corners and on top of the stereo stand; Tubular Bells was playing in the background.
  On his coffee table he saw his crop, and a couple of her vibrators.  
Taking the crop in his hand he tapped the keeper into his palm. Now? Or later?  
Now!  
The crop landed on her ivory white ass cheek, leaving a perfect red negative
  of the keeper. She flinched a little harder but didn't utter a sound.  
"Good girl" he crooned and then did the same to the other cheek. She held
  her position. He turned up the control on the wire, knowing it was attached
  to her egg. She inhaled deeply.  
He sat in his chair, picked up his beer and drank from it. An idea came to
  him and he moved back to where she was. He kneeled behind her and took the
  ice-cold mug and placed it on her back. Again he heard her suck in air. It
  made him smile. She was usually much more vocal than this. He wondered how
  long she could pull it off.  
Holding the mug on her back he began pumping the butt plug into her. A steady
  firm rhythm that he knew she liked. He watched the muscles in her back tense
  up. Her fingers curled into fists but she was still silent. He dragged the
  mug down her backbone and when he came to her ass he tipped the mug and let
  a drizzle of ice-cold beer trickle down the crack of her ass. Her toes curled,
  making him laugh.  
He slipped a finger into her slit; she was wet, but not as wet as she could
  be. He stroked her clit, gently teasing it, not giving her the satisfaction
  he knew she craved. He was going to draw this out. After all, she was his birthday
  present, he should get to enjoy it.  
He finished his beer, held the mug upside down and let the last few drips
  land on her ass. He reached for the crop again and started tapping her with
  it. Up and down the insides of her thigh, sometimes softly, sometimes with
  more of a bite. Not letting her know from one tap to the next what to expect.
  He could see her breathing had changed; it was heavier, a little ragged. He
  pulled on the wire between her legs, pulling the egg a little closer to the
  opening of her pussy, he turn it up full and then continued tapping.  
Not a whimper, not a moan, just the sounds of her breath, the sounds of the
  music and sounds of the crop.  
He took a swing and landed a heavy slap to her ass cheek. She let out a squeak
  then, and he laughed again, deciding to slap the other cheek. But she was ready
  for it and kept quiet.  
"What's your game tonight slut? What are you trying to do?" his voice was
  menacing.  
Putting down the crop he began to work the butt plug. Hard strokes that made
  her brace herself against the floor to keep her ass in the air for him. He
  knew it must be killing her too keep quiet and he intended to push her as hard
  as he could.  
She was panting now, her hands grasping at the carpet, her body rocking in
  time to the pumping of the plug. He stopped and he watched her body deflate
  as she relaxed from the strain of holding back her orgasm. He pulled her egg
  out and she gasped.  
His hands began to roam her ass, the flat of his palms sliding all over her
  warmth. Circling her ass cheeks, up her back, down her sides, around her hips
  and around her thighs. Round and around, he let his hands travel on her body.
  Then with no warning for her he shot three fingers into her pussy and she groaned,
  and he won the silence contest.  
He stared to fuck her hard with his fingers and she braced herself on the
  carpet, trying to hold her position, to give him the access he needed to use
  her body. He watched her fight the waves of pleasure rippling through her belly,
  her eyes tightly shut, her fingers and toes clenching and unclenching as she
  fought to hold her control.  
He stopped again and he watched her take breaths to calm herself down. She
  was extremely wet now, her pussy shone in the candlelight, glistening dew sat
  on the crest of her swollen lips. She looked hot. He felt his cock straining
  against his jeans. It wanted action. He wanted action. It was time.  
He stood up and removed his jeans, his cock sprang free of his boxers and
  pointed straight up. Pre-cum collected at its head. He went into the kitchen,
  leaving her to wonder what he was doing, grabbed a beer from the fridge and
  returned.  
He squatted behind her and removed the clip that kept her ankles together
  and then he pushed her legs wider apart. Sitting behind her he centered himself
  with her pussy. He wanted to be in the right spot when he was ready to take
  her. He ran the base of the beer bottle past her pussy and he felt her shiver.
  He let a few drops of the amber liquid drip onto her back again, enjoying the
  way it trickled down her ass until it hit the base of the butt plug. The butt
  plug, time to remove it.  
Setting the beer aside he focused his attention on her ass. The butt plug,
  bright blue in color contrasted sharply against the whiteness of her ass cheeks.
  He pushed it in deep. A soft grunt was forced out of her. He pushed again.
  And again. And again. Each thrust harder, more violent, tormenting her, driving
  her hard into the carpet, forcing her to cry out. He wanted her to cry, to
  yell, to react to him. He pulled the plug out and she groaned. He watched her,
  pressed against the carpet, her body heaving up and down as again she fought
  for control. Her pussy spread wide and dripping wet. She was so ready for him.  
He took another swallow of beer.  
He grabbed her hips and pulled her back setting her hard on his dick, plunging
  himself deeply into her pussy. He grunted. She did too.  
He grabbed her hair and wrapped his fist in it, his other hand wrapped around
  her waist. He felt something cold and discovered she'd been wearing clamps
  this whole time and he didn't know. It only fed the passion he felt and he
  slammed her down harder masturbating himself with her pussy. He snagged the
  chain with a finger and began pulling on it, hurting her. Knowing it burned,
  knowing she'd call out. Determined to make the slut scream.  
Her vocalizations were getting stronger. She was no longer silent but he
  could tell she was fighting him all the way. He yanked the clamps and she yelped.  
Her cuffed hands hand nothing to grasp, she put them behind her head and
  braced her neck with them. Her breasts pushed forward, making the chain pull
  the clamps more. Her eyes were tightly shut, a grimace contorted her face as
  he continued to pull on the chain of the clamps.  
He'd released her hair and had both arms wrapped around her waist. He continued
  to bang her down onto his cock. Slamming her into him, his hips pushing up
  to meet her. She kept her body straight and tight and she pushed with her legs
  to help him raise her.  
He could feel his balls tighten and he knew he had seconds before he was
  going to come. He gripped the chain and pulled hard. The clamps flew off her
  nipples. It was then that she screamed, and the screamed put him over the edge
  and he growled in her ear as he came.  
He pushed his head down and bit her neck and her back arched as his teeth
  sank into her and created a sexual burn that chased down her spine. It was
  the final act she needed and her orgasm came then and they bucked and groaned
  together. Her screams of pain turned to screams of glory as the both rode out
  their climaxes.  
Spent, he slumped forward which put her back into the kowtow that she had
  originally started in. This time though, instead of being exposed she was completely
  covered by his body. They stayed that way as they each recovered from their
  antics.  
He rolled off of her and she snuggled into his arms.  
"Happy Birthday Sir." She whispered into his ear. 
   
"Thank you baby. Can you get me another beer?"   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kayla Kuffs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





