BDSM Library - The Big Tease




The Big Tease
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is tortured and is cruely teased and denied orgasm.The Big Teasing  
I arrive home to find my slave waiting for me as
  I had ordered her to in the email I sent earlier. She was blindfolded and naked
  except for the high-heeled sandals that were a bit too small. She had also
  placed the cuffs on her wrists and ankles as directed. As I had demanded, she
  had diligently secured her nipples in the tight nooses that graced the ends
  of a foot long piece of 5/50 cord that I often use for this purpose. Wisely,
  she had complied with my directions to tie the opposite end of a short length
  of coarse rope to the middle of the cord connecting her nipples. At the other
  end of the coarse rope was an 8-inch dowel. As directed, she had pulled the
  coarse rope between her legs and maintained a firm grasp of the dowel with
  both hands behind her back. She even demonstrated some impressive discipline
  in setting the knot rather high on the rope so that it stretched her nipples
  nicely and the rope pulled snuggly into her cunt. Although I could not tell
  by looking, I assumed she had the two large metal balls stuffed neatly in her
  twat. Clearly she had set up the camera to document her preparation and to
  record her compliance to the order that she continue to rhythmically tug her
  nipples and rub her cunt with the rope she was holding behind her back. It
  was also there to let me know if she failed to resist the need to cum as she
  teased her clit with the coarse rope. I looked forward to studying the video
  to confirm her compliance and the see if she bothered to beg for release as
  she often does when forced to perform for the camera.  
I walked up to her and she turned her blindfolded
  face to me. &quot;Continue,&quot; I ordered, &quot;and no doubt like yourself,
  I wish to cum now.&quot; Noting her danger, she immediately started moving
  her face towards where she thought my waist would be and began searching for
  a way to get my cock in her mouth. Her fear and personal desire made her clumsy,
  which I took advantage of to remind her that I wanted to cum immediately! Eventually
  however, she was able to get my cock free and into her mouth. As she worked
  to please me, I commented on how good it felt and asked her if she too would
  like to cum. She mumbled a desperate &quot;yes&quot; around my cock. I told
  her if she continued to beg, and do a good job, I might make her cum soon too.
  With this encouragement, she began to beg with her mouth full of my rock hard
  cock, and I grabbed the back of her head and buried my cock even deeper down
  her throat. With the combination of the fantastic scene unfolding around me,
  the talented actions of my slave's tongue and vibration of her desperate begging,
  I soon lost control and shot my load deep into her throat. I allowed my self
  to enjoy her sucking and begging until I was soft before withdrawing from her
  and stepping back to see the effect of her erotic actions on her own desires.  
She was clearly in a state of near orgasm, and
  she had dutifully not stopped pulling the rope back and forth through her dripping
  gash. &quot;Very good, but please continue teasing yourself for my pleasure,&quot; I
  said, as I moved behind her and tied her hands to the stick she had previously
  just been holding. Returning to her front, I proceeded to place a leather harness
  around her chest and secure the straps around the base of her breasts. This
  of course pulled her nipples a bit more, but I didn't mind :-). When I was
  done, I told her I would take over, and grasped the rope connecting her nipples
  to her wrists. I began kissing her neck and caressing her while tugging gently
  but fairly rapidly on the rope rubbing her clit. I could tell she was getting
  close, so I cautioned her that I had not given her permission to cum. She started
  breathing deeply attempting to control her body and will herself not to cum.
  However, I was not making it easy for her. Soon, she began whimpering and begging
  earnestly to be allowed to cum. With an evil tone in my voice, I said &quot;Don't
  you dare cum before I tell you to,&quot; I said, and began to tug rapidly on
  the rope. I watched as she began to tense up in a pre-orgasmic flush. Just
  as she was about to cum, she let out a low moan and began a long high pitched
  whine, I yanked the nooses hard enough to pull them off her nipples and slapped
  her hard in the face. The immediate and violent reaction had the desired effect
  of startling her off the edge of an otherwise uncontrollable orgasm. &quot;You
  were about to cum without permission weren't you!&quot; I yelled. &quot;You
  undisciplined slut!&quot; &quot;I can't believe you wouldn't wait for me to
  give you permission. For this you will pay!&quot; Grabbing her hair, I pulled
  her to her feet and dragged her to the bedroom to continue her torment.  
Once in the bedroom, I threw her to the bed and
  ordered her to raise her knees to her chest. Violently, I grabbed the stick
  to which her hands were tied and pulled them over her ass and behind her knees
  thus effectively exposing her ass and cunt. I picked up a crop from the hook
  on the bedpost and gave her ten quick hard smacks before stopping. I took the
  opportunity to examine the effects of the crotch rope and was pleased to see
  that she was suitably raw and yet very wet. I wanted to keep her on edge, so
  I rubbed the crop across her clit until she started to squirm again. When I
  thought she might again be climbing the hill towards orgasm, I abruptly stopped
  and gave her pussy five sharp smacks with the crop. I repeated the pussy whipping
  and rubbing a few times before tossing the crop aside and pulling her hands
  all the way over her legs. I dragged her to the corner of the bed and pushed
  her legs on either side of the corner while lifting her hands over her head
  and hooking the stick to a conveniently placed eye bolt at the top of our four
  poster up-right. I have a handy horizontal brace that fits with the post of
  the bed. It uses a lever action and a rubber base and back that is easily adjustable,
  similar to the way tree stands work. I fitted it to the post and positioned
  tightly into her crotch so that she was forced to lift herself up on her toes
  to avoid putting her weight directly on her cunt.  
Being the sadistic bastard I am, I then proceeded
  to fit the rest of a special harness over her breasts. This consisted of four
  straps that linked to a spiked metal ring. The metal ring fitted around her
  areolas and the other ends of the four straps were fed through the D-rings
  on the leather harness I had previously cinched around the base of her breasts.
  I pulled her nipples through the spiked ring so that the spikes kept her areolas
  from slipping back through. I then adjusted the straps tight enough to reasonably
  compress her breasts. I then fitted tight clamps to he nipples and connected
  them to lengths of 5/50 cord that I fed through the eyebolt and tied to the
  stick clipped to her wrists. I shortened the cord so it stretched her nipples
  and lifted her breasts, but did not cause the spikes to press into her nipples
  too much. I then released the clip connecting the stick to the eyebolt so that
  she had to hold her arms stretched above her head or her areolas would be pulled
  into the spikes on the ring encircling them. I picked up the crop and gave
  her a sharp strike across her belly and as she responded by pulling her nipples
  into the spikes in an attempt to bring her hands down to protect herself. I
  repeated the action until she began to resist the urge to pull her hands down.  
Now, even though I had cum less than 15 minutes
  earlier, the fun I was having started to get to me again. Thus, I decided that
  if she tried hard, she might be able to bring me off again. I hopped up onto
  the bed and stood in front of her, and ordered her to suck me off again. Dutifully,
  she leaned forward as far as she could without pulling her nipples into the
  spikes, or putting too much weight on her clit. However, I wanted her to be
  desperate to please me, so I backed away from her. She began to beg me to have
  mercy, but I only laughed and told her she had better work hard, so that I
  might cum sooner. Resigned to her fate, she leaned forward and put all of her
  weight onto her clit while doing her best to ignore the pain in her nipples.
  In very little time, she was indeed desperate to make me cum so she could return
  to her relatively more comfortable position. However, I had just recently cum,
  and it was a good 20 minutes of extreme pain she had to endure while pleasuring
  me before I erupted with a groan and shot another wad of cum down her throat.
  I pulled her head forward a little farther and allowed her to suck me gently
  until I was fully satisfied. I then released her back to her original position
  and climbed off the bed. Deciding she deserved a bit of a reward for her efforts,
  I picked up a large spiky vibrator and shoved it under her cunt. A quick wrap
  of duct tape secured the vibrator to the horizontal beam. This of course added
  another inch or so on height to the beam and even straining her toes towards
  the floor as she was, I doubt she was able to take much of the pressure off
  her cunt. As I turned the vibrator on high, she began to squeal a bit so I
  decided to do something to keep her quiet. Walking to the hall closet, I retrieved
  a 5-pound rubber coated dumb bell. Taking a bit more 5/50 cord, I tied a 2-foot
  length to the dumb bell and used another short piece that I tied very tightly
  to her nipples (just behind the clamps connecting her nipples to her wrists).
  I then joined the two cords and ordered my wife to open her mouth. I explained
  that she was to hold the dumb bell in her mouth and the consequences that letting
  it fall would have on her nipples. I then informed her I was off to review
  the tape to make sure she had done as she was told before my arrival. I promised
  her considerably more torment if she had failed to tease herself mercilessly
  while awaiting my homecoming. I couldn't tell if the resulting expression on
  her face was because she hadn't, or if it was because she knew how long the
  tape was running before I had gotten home. &quot;Enjoy yourself slut,&quot; I
  said, &quot;you may cum if you can.&quot; With an expression of both relief
  and fear, she nodded her head and mumbled an appropriate &quot;yes master&quot; around
  the dumb bell in her mouth. As I left the room, she was already climbing to
  what looked to be a rather powerful orgasm. I wondered if she realized that
  it would no doubt sap what strength she maintained in her toes and that the
  powerful vibrator buzzing at her crotch would likely continue to work it's
  magic long after she wished to catch her breath. However, that was her problem.
  I had a video to review and needed an hour or so to get myself back in the
  mood for fun.  
I departed the room and went to the kitchen to
  spoon out the dinner my wife had cooked before retiring to the living room
  to enjoy the tape she had made for me. She really had done a pretty good job
  of the self-bondage and working herself up with the crotch rope. She was even
  pretty enticing with her begging for relief from the teasing she was putting
  herself through. It was quite enjoyable watching the video knowing (and sometimes
  hearing) the efforts my wife was making for my pleasure in the bedroom.  
With rejuvenated lust, I went to check on my wife.
  On first glance, it was clear that the vibrator had done its job well. There
  was a string of my wife's juices dripping from the bottom of the horizontal
  support to a small glistening pool on the floor. She looked completely exhausted.
  Her legs only occasionally twitched in an effort to lift herself away from
  the knobbed and buzzing device on which her cunt rested. Judging from the bend
  of her arms and shoulders and the cords pulling her nipples nearly to her chin,
  I assume she long since realized that her nipples were doomed since no amount
  of work could help her lift her tired arms. Surprisingly though, even as I
  examined her, her jaw clenched more tightly on the weight as she struggled
  not to drop it as another orgasm shuddered through her body. Examining her
  nipples, I thought it best to give them a bit of a break, so I lifted her arms
  again and secured the bar to the eyebolt in the bedpost. After loosening each
  of the clamps slightly, I gave them a hard yank and freed her nipples. This
  unexpected action caused my wife let out a yelp and dropped the weight, which
  distended her breasts in the opposite direction from which they had so recently
  been pointing.  
With her mouth free, she began frantically to beg
  for release, promising me all sorts of pleasures for a moment's respite. I
  reminded her I could gain such pleasures from her any time I wished. As a quick
  counter, she offered to find others to please me. This intrigued me greatly,
  but I pointed out, as before, she would do so anyways if I so desired. However,
  since it pleased me, and since I needed to make sure she got some blood back
  to her nipples, I ordered her to take the weight back into her mouth. As soon
  as it was back in place, and the tension was off her nipples, I proceeded to
  flick them with varying degrees of intensity while alternating slapping color
  back into her breasts. I suspect the spikes digging into her nipples were fairly
  intense, as she seemed to have difficulty keeping the weight in her mouth.
  As I was still in need of some attention of my own, I pinched her nipples and
  pulled them straight away from her very hard. She tried to maintain composure,
  but I ordered her to release the weight. Knowing the futility (and foolishness)
  of disobedience, she dropped the weight again. It was interesting to see the
  way it tensioned the nipples as it was suspended between my fingers and her
  breasts. I let go of her nipples and the weight dropped pulling her breasts
  downward. Ignoring her pleas I refitted her nipples with the nooses still dangling
  from her wrists and hopped up on the bed to stand in front of her. Although
  she could not see me, I am sure she understood what was required because she
  immediately began searching for me with her mouth. I again released the bar
  from the eyebolt so she could stretch far enough to capture my cock in her
  mouth. As before, this pulled her breasts up (although farther this time since
  her arms were still tired). It was an interesting battle taking place between
  the upward pull of her from her arms and the downward pull from the weight.
  However, I told her I would release her once I had cum, so she set to, and
  what little strength she had left, she expended it on my pleasure. As I came,
  I pulled her head forward and forced my cock entirely down her throat, holding
  it there until I was completely spent. As I pulled out, I realized she had
  passed out. I checked her breathing (which was labored and shallow) and quickly
  released her and laid her on the bed.  
She soon recovered, and I congratulated her on
  her discipline, and went to get her some food and tea. After she ate, she too
  seemed pleased with her efforts, but explained she was likely to be sore for
  days. "I have something for that" I said, and went to retrieve a recently obtained
  concoction of what I explained was udder balm mixed with neosporin to prevent
  infection. I told her to lie back on the bed and assume a spread-eagled position.
  Cautioning her to remain so upon pain of further punishment, I began to apply
  the lotion to her abused cunt. Within seconds, her eyes widened and she looked
  at me questioningly. I told her that I had also added some cinnamon and ginger
  extract as I liked spicy wenches. She started to bring her legs together, but
  a look from me told her that that would be unwise. However, in an attempt to
  gain an un-needed excuse, I liberally stuffed a well-coated finger up her ass.
  She was squirming pretty good by the time I had finished massaging the lotion
  over her breasts (while paying particular to her raw nipples), and she had
  to grasp the bed posts to keep her hands from attempting to protect herself.
  However, she wisely didn't break posture.  
To prepare her for the night, I ordered her to
  sit up and to remove the balls from her cunt as they would not be allowed to
  stay inside her for the night. She seemed pleased to be able to do anything
  to distract her from the sensation and actually thanked me for allowing her
  to move. Once she had completed that task, I ordered her to stand and place
  her hands on her head. I then proceeded to wrap her breasts with plastic wrap
  (in order to keep the sheets from being anointed with the oily balm). Afterwards,
  I replaced the blindfold and rebound her hands behind her back. Ordering her
  to bring her legs together (which she seemed reluctant to do), I bound her
  legs together at the ankles, knees, and thighs. I placed a belt around her
  waist and positioned her standing and facing the side of the bed. After forcing
  a narrow length of satin fabric between her thighs I placed my right foot behind
  her heels and my left knee on the bed. I grabbed her hair and pulled her forward.
  With my foot behind her heels and the bed keeping her knees from bending, she
  had little choice but to bend at the waist. "Stay" I ordered. Sensing danger,
  she whimpered, "Oh, please Master." "Yes," I said, "this does please me." And
  proceeded to shove the large knobby vibrator deep into her cunt and a pump-up
  butt plug into her ass (both of which were well coated with the balm).  
I turned the vibrator on low and pumped the butt
  plug until she started to squeak. Grabbing her by the hair, I then stood her
  up straight. I secured one end of the satin strip to the belt at her back and
  pulled the front up hard to press the vibrator against her cervix before securing
  the other end to the front of her belt. I pulled back the sheets, removed my
  cloths, and slipped into bed leaving my wife standing at attention next to
  the bed. Rolling over, I told her to turn off the lights and informed her I
  wished to wake up at six with her mouth around my cock. She dutifully hopped
  to the wall and bent with considerable difficulty to turn off the switch with
  her nose. I suspect that bending over forced the vibrator to press against
  her cervix with uncomfortable force. When she returned, I told her it would
  please me most if sleep sitting on the wooden chair next to the bed, however,
  if she wished, she may sleep beside me providing she didn't move or wake me
  before six. As I guessed she would, she clumsily rolled into bed, knowing full
  well I would likely make her regret her choice. I kissed her shoulder and went
  to sleep dreaming about what I would do to punish her for her selfishness.  
At six the next morning, I awoke to the gentle
  ministrations of my wife's mouth on my cock. It always amazed me how she could
  slip under the covers and not wake me before she had me fully in her mouth.
  She had had to bend at the waist pretty far to get into the position she was
  in and I assumed that it was not entirely comfortable for her, but it sure
  felt good from my end. As I had cum a few time the previous evening, it took
  a while before she managed to coax an orgasm from me. However, I came in buckets
  when I did and she was not able to catch it all. I noted this and decided that
  she should receive some oral training in the near future. However, I had to
  get to work, and I needed to prepare some things for a suitable punishment
  for her selfish behavior before I left. Consequently, I pulled myself out of
  bed and, grabbing hold of her left nipple, pulled my wife up and to the bathroom
  after me.  
I stood her in the shower and turned on the water.
  It always amused me to have her tell me when it was a comfortable temperature.
  When I stepped in, I picked up a washcloth, soaped it good and stuffed it in
  her mouth. She knew enough to begin scrubbing me down. When I was clean, I
  began releasing her from her restraints. I removed the butt plug and vibrator
  and gently rubbed her raw parts with soapy hands. She only winced a little
  as I washed her abused cunt. I pulled her back against me and continued gently
  rubbing her clit until she let out a low moan. She leaned her head back and
  kissed my cheek and asked if she could please cum. I continued rubbing her
  clit, but asked her if she had cum during the night due to the vibrator and
  her state of arousal when we went to bed. She told me the vibrator was not
  on high enough to bring her off, just high enough to make her want to cum.
  She also said she knew enough now not to even think of cumming without permission. "Good
  girl," I said, "you may cum." I picked up the pace a bit until I could tell
  she was just about there and then switched to massaging her nipples with soapy
  hands. I went back and forth like this for a few minutes and then brought her
  right to the edge before stopping. I turned her around and told her to suck
  me and with a whimper of frustration, she dropped to her knees in the shower
  and took me into her mouth. As she sucked me, I explained to her that her selfishness
  needed to be punished, and that she would be spending the day gratifying me
  while ignoring her own needs, and that although I said she could cum, what
  I didn't say was that this would only be allowed when I thought she was truly
  in control of her own needs. I let her suck me to orgasm and then stepped out
  of the shower. I held up a towel that she dutifully took in her teeth and dried
  me off. I then attached nipple clamps to her and led her back to the bedroom.
  I got dressed and then prepared her for her continued torment.  
I retrieved a chastity belt made of heavy leather
  with a spiky dildo for her ass and sharp short studs placed to provide her
  pussy lips with uncomfortable stimulation. The design was such that there was
  no easy way for her to provide herself with any sexual pleasure when worn.
  I ordered her to me, lubed up the plug with the balm, and locked it on her.
  I then hung up a set of keys on a peg above the headboard of the bed. I then
  went over and set up one of those small cameras connected to a motion sensor
  that are always popping up in advertising on the web. The way it was set up,
  the camera would turn on anytime anyone entered the room, and send the picture
  to my website. I told her that she was to enter the room every hour, on the
  hour, remove the chastity belt, and play with herself for 15 minutes. She should
  be aware that I was likely to be watching, so it would be wise for her to do
  everything she could to bring me pleasure while doing so. She looked slightly
  confused, probably wondering how this could be punishment, until I told her
  she was not allowed to cum. I explained that once her teasing time was over,
  she should re-lube and refit herself with the chastity belt, lock it in place,
  show the camera the lock was in place tightly, hang up the keys and leave the
  room. I left her for a moment to set up an additional camera in the bathroom
  along with an extra key. When I returned, I told her that if she needed to
  use the bathroom, she may only do so on the &frac12; hour, and she would have
  to rub her clit vigorously for 5 minutes before being allowed to relieve herself
  and that she was to continue doing so until 5 minutes after she was done. The
  look of consternation on her face at the prospect of trying to heed nature's
  call while masturbating was fairly amusing, but she just hung her head and
  said, "Yes Master." As a final set of orders, I told her to check the email
  prior to entering the bedroom as I might have some special instructions. I
  also told her I expected the house to be spotless before I returned home. With
  that, I unbound her hands from behind her back and reconnected them in front
  of her. I then tied short nooses around her nipples and tied her hand to the
  connecting cord leaving her about 1.5 foot of slack so she could do work, but
  would have to be careful not to pull her nipples too hard. I told her she could
  loosen the nooses only in front of the camera and that they would need to be
  refastened prior to leaving the room. Pulling her to me, I roughly kissed her
  goodbye.  
I arrived at work by 7:30, and sent off an email
  for my wife. In it, I explained that for her 8:00 session, I wanted her to
  put fresh batteries in the vibrator, turn it on high. I told her she was to
  just lay there on the bed with her legs spread as wide as possible and press
  the vibrator against her clit hard and rub it in a small circular motion. I
  admonished her that at no time during her session was the vibrator to leave
  her clit. I also wrote that if she allowed herself to cum, she should immediately
  stop, and place herself in level-one bondage. This entails securing herself
  in the torture bra, tying her legs to the corners of the bed, connecting cords
  from her nipples, over the headboard, and to the 10 lb weights that are always
  on the wall for special self-bondage sessions. These weights are hung from
  pegs with a long loop of string. Once they are pulled off the pegs, there is
  no way for her to re-suspend them with out having her legs free. Tied to her
  nipples, she is required to hold them until she is released. We both figured
  she could let them go in a dire emergency and extract herself from the bondage,
  but the threat of the intense pain was enough to keep her from doing so under
  anything but extraordinary circumstances. I informed her that I would shove
  my cock down her throat and whip her cunt until she let go of the weights if
  she failed.  
At 8:10, I got on the web and checked up on her
  progress. She was complying with my directions explicitly, and was doing a
  good job of begging and writhing for my pleasure. I watched until she was done
  and was fairly certain that she had not cum, though I could tell she came pretty
  close at least three times during the last 5 minutes, and had returned herself
  to her chastity belt and nipple bondage before leaving the room.  
With that inspiration, I decided her next task
  would be a bit more active. Thus, I emailed her the next set of instructions.
  This entailed retrieving a specially large and knobby dildo mounted to a plywood
  base and placing it on the bed in front of the camera. I explained that she
  was to fuck herself as fast and as hard as she could while frigging her clit
  and saying "I want to cum" loudly over and over until the 15 minutes is up.  
A quick check on her at 9:15 showed she again had complied without failing
  herself.  
 For the 10:00 session, I ordered her to retrieve the riding crop and vibrator
  before tying her legs to the corners of the bed as widely as possible. I then
  explained that she was to turn the vibrator on to it's highest setting and
  insert it in her cunt as deep as it would go. She was then to spend the next
  15 minutes smacking her own clit with the crop.  
 At 11:00 I wrote her the instructions that she should use two vibrators,
  one in her ass and one on her clit. I also wrote that when she was done, in
  addition to wearing the chastity belt, she was to put on the torture bra and
  tie her wrists to her nipples and to reduce the slack to no more than a six
  inches. I wrote that she had better make sure the slipknots around her nipples
  were good and tight. She was to spend the next hour cleaning the bathroom even
  if she had already done so once. I checked the website at 11:30 to see if she
  was cleaning, and was greeted with a view of her leather covered ass and her
  face plastered against the back of the toilet as she stretched to clean the
  bowl.  
I sent off another email at 11:45 telling her to release her nipples and
  make sure they got their circulation back before her next teasing began. I
  had no other requests other than to "surprise me" for her 12:00 session. She
  did a good job of it by reconnecting her nipples to her wrists with just enough
  slack to allow her to rub her clit with the vibrator providing what looked
  like some rather intense stretching of her nipples to do so.  
I again had no specific requests for her 1:00 session. However, when I logged
  on I was surprised to see she was not in the bedroom, but in the bathroom instead.
  She looked to be in quite a state. If she had followed my directions (something
  that I would check the video tape on) her present position meant that she had
  been teasing herself for nearly 45 minutes. This was an interesting development,
  since she was technically disobeying my command to be in the bedroom at this
  time. I suspect she must really have to piss or shit pretty bad to forget herself
  like this (after all, she could simply have left the bathroom and continued
  her teasing in the bedroom as directed). However, the torment she must have
  been going through was likely to be more intense, given the way she looked,
  to require additional punishment (not that it was going to stop me from extracting
  some anyways). I decided to let it go at the time and waited for her 2:00 session
  to continue her torment.  
At 1:45 I checked to see if she had managed to relieve herself without cumming.
  The cameras were both blank, so I assumed she successfully used the bathroom,
  but I would have to check the video to see if she had failed to keep from cumming
  while answering natures call. In this email, I asked her to tell me if she
  had cum in hopes of catching her in a lie. Not that I needed an excuse to torture
  her, but I enjoyed the thought of knowing she would feel she deserved it. I
  also included the directions for her 2:00 ordeal. For this time, she would
  be required to position herself on the horse contraption with the vibrator
  strapped to it and placed on its highest setting. Since her hands were free,
  I informed her she was to do a good job of torturing her tits. I ended the
  note with a recommendation that she do a good job on herself for me by setting
  the horse high enough that she could barely touch the ground with her toes,
  and that she all but  draw blood from her nipples. I suspected
  she would not be put through much teasing by this, but considering her last
  hour in the bathroom, she would be ready for more pain than pleasure. When
  I checked on her at 2:10, I was impressed by her discipline. The horse was
  set so high that her toes were at full stretch just to brush the ground. She
  was obviously just balancing on the beam and her whole weight was on the dildo
  humming loudly against her gash.  
I had something special planned for her 3:00 session. Although she didn't
  know it, this was to be her last session before I got home to finish her punishment
  personally. In her email, I informed her that she was to tie a rope around
  her waist so that the knot was in the front. She was to feed the rope between
  her legs and back though the waist rope so it would bury itself into her cunt
  when it was pulled on. She was next to slide a third jingle ball into her cunt
  to make sure it was very full, and place the butterfly vibrator tightly against
  her cunt (making sure that it was positioned to provide her clit with maximal
  stimulation. She was then to connect the other end of the cunt rope it to the
  base of the bed so that it was very tight and pushed the vibrator against her
  cunt when she lay down in the center of the bed. She was next to tie ropes
  to her ankles and then a slipknot that fit around her big toe. To make sure
  she understood the effect I was seeking, I informed her that this was to keep
  her toes pointed when she connected the other end of the rope to the bedposts
  by her head. I told her I expected this to really increase the pressure on
  the butterfly vibrator on her cunt. To aid in this, I told her to hook up the
  one-way rope catches to the eyebolts at the top of the bed posts and feed her
  ankle ropes through them and pull them as tight as possible. Next, she was
  to attach the clover style nipple clamps to her nipples. The cords attached
  to the nipple clamps were to be fed through the eyebolts on the wall at the
  head of the bed and tied to the bar bells on the pegs behind the bed. Her last
  actions were to be to blindfold herself and turn the vibrator on high, grasp
  the bar bells pull them off the pegs. I told her she could release herself
  by dropping the 8-pound barbells attached to her nipples, and undo the clamps,
  but that doing so before I returned home might disappoint me. It amused me
  greatly to know that she really had no idea when I was to come home, though
  I usually arrived between five and six. With that, I returned to work, fully
  expecting that she would be in place and really needing to cum when I arrived
  home to finish her torment and enjoy her talents for my pleasure. I checked
  the monitor a few times between 3:00 and 5:00. The last time I checked, she
  was begging the empty room to please be allowed to cum and offering all sorts
  of promised pleasures I would just please come home.  
 By the next morning, I was feeling pretty good. Thus, I nudged my slave
  awake and ordered her to jack me off while I continued planning for her torment.
  After I came, I unfastened my slave from the bed, but left her hands bound
  behind her. I removed the gag and ordered her to clean me properly and then
  to suck any cum from the sheets. When she was done, I rolled her onto her back
  with the intent of placing her nipple in bondage again. However, the smoldering
  desire as she lay there looking up at me was very enticing, so I kicked her
  legs apart and ground my softening cock against her cunt. I kept it up until
  she was starting to get wet again (which didn't take long) and then stopped.
  I continued rubbing against her and intermittently stopping to get her really
  good and horny so I could appropriately continue her punishment. As I teased
  her in this position, I realized then that I was beginning to tire of just
  having her suck me off. After all, a good fuck is pretty hard to beat. Unfortunately
  for her though, I was by no means ready to allow her the reward of feeling
  my cock in her cunt. Thus, after a good 30 minutes I decided to stop. I lifted
  myself off her- cautioning her with a glance to keep her legs splayed open
  for my viewing pleasure, and proceeded to finish attaching clamps to her nipples.
  Pulling her nipples together, I connected them to a leash. I gave it a tug
  to encourage her to her feet and led her hopping to the bathroom for our morning
  shower. I hooked the leash to an eye bolt in the shower wall and proceeded
  to turn on the water and adjusted the temperature by watching my slave's reactions
  to it. When she stopped trying to get out of the spray, I stepped in. I stuck
  a soapy wash cloth in her mouth and ordered her to clean me. She only had a
  few problems when the leash proved too short to allow her to reach my legs
  without stretching her nipples considerably, but she managed by leaning over
  backwards. She didn't look like she appreciated the way the water ran off me
  and into her upturned face, but I found it amusing enough for both of us.  
After the shower, dressed myself and then rebound
  her hands in front of her and tied her hands to her nipples using the leash.
  I left a few inches of slack so she could cook me breakfast. Much to her dismay,
  I ordered her to fry up some eggs and bacon. I was again amused watching her
  try to avoid the splatters and burns while her breasts were stretched dangerously
  close to the hot grease when she flipped my eggs. It took her 5 tries before
  she managed to flip three without breaking the yolks. Her breasts were covered
  in little red spots when she brought me my breakfast. I ordered her to scrape
  the broken eggs onto the floor and "eat up as she was going to need her strength
  today." After all, it was Saturday and I had the whole weekend to play. After
  breakfast I had her do the dishes and retied her hands behind her back and
  removed the clamps from her nipples- flicking them with my fingers to get the
  blood flowing back into them while she yelped in pain. I kissed her and told
  her she was a good slave. When I asked her if she was having fun, she said "no,
  but I will serve you as you wish." I patted her head and told her that if she
  tried hard to act like she was enthusiastic and enjoying herself all weekend
  I would let her cum on Monday (I just didn't say which Monday). She smiled
  and said "Well then what shall you do to me next?" It was a good question,
  and I had a good answer. Her bright outlook faded when she saw me pick up a
  length of rope and tie a hang mans noose. I told her to smile as I snugged
  it around her neck and led her to the back door.  
It was a rather hot and sticky but overcast late
  August day. The mosquitoes had been pretty bad, so I picked up the bug spray
  and spritzed my arms and face so I wouldn't get bitten and then pulled her
  outside. Our back yard is pretty secluded with lots of trees and bushes, so
  I wasn't worried about anyone watching (who I didn't want to watch that is).
  I brought her beneath a large oak tree and tossed the other end of her noose
  over a low branch and tied it off to the trunk. I pounded in a couple of tent
  stakes about 4 feet apart near her feet and attached eye-rings to them. I then
  tied a length of 5/50 cord to her ankles and fed the loose ends through the
  rings, pulling her legs widely apart (and increasing the strain on her neck
  somewhat) before securing them to her nipples. Any attempt to move her feet
  would thus tug her rather tender buds. As she stood there splayed open, I wondered
  if her feet were likely to slip farther apart since nothing solid held them
  in place. I contemplated leaving her like this, but decided the bugs needed
  better access to her back which was protected somewhat by her bound arms. Consequently,
  I tied a rope around her waist and then grabbed another length of rope and
  secured one end to her wrists before tossing the loose end over the branch.
  I fed the loose end between her legs and pulled her arms back and up until
  they were level with the ground before securing the end to the rope encircling
  her middle. I stood back and studied her a moment and told her to smile. She
  complied, but seemed to have to force it somewhat. I asked her if she would
  like a bit of bug spray and she said yes in a rather relieved voice. Thus,
  she didn't complain at all when I took out a spray bottle and spritzed her
  cunt and breasts with it. She didn't seem as pleased when I sprayed some on
  her face that she realized what I meant by "bug spray." I didn't think the
  mosquitoes would mind sugar water, but I was pretty sure all the bees would
  find her cunt, tits and face much more interesting. Unlike my slave though,
  I couldn't stand there all day, so I set up a camera and went inside to contemplate
  solving my little problem of not having anyone to fuck.  
After a bit of thought, I decided it might be a
  good time to give Susan a call. She had something of a mean streak in her which
  I found interesting, and I she had occasionally joined me and my slave for
  play. I had never fucked her, although she was rather enticing. She usually
  just enjoyed torturing my slave with me for fun. I thought this might be a
  perfect opportunity to talk Susan into a little coital bliss with me and continue
  the discipline of my slave at the same time. A quick phone call later, and
  things were set up.  
I surfed the net for a while, occasionally checking
  up on my slave via the camera. An hour or two later I decided to check on her
  in person, and to tell her she was going to have a friend over. I poured a
  glass of lemon-aid and picked up the fly swatter and headed out the door. The
  camera is pretty good, but it couldn't pick up the details of her predicament.
  For instance, it didn't do justice to the strain and trembling of her legs
  as she worked hard to keep them from sliding apart (not entirely successfully).
  Nor could it pick up her twitches when the bees would land on her and crawl
  around on her cunt or tickle her nose as she tried to hold still so as not
  to be stung. It simply didn't have the close focus to show the detail of the
  hundreds of mosquitoes landing, biting and drinking their fill. However, it
  wasn't pity that prompted me to offer to remove some of the little pests, it
  was that she was simply too good at holding still to get stung. Consequently,
  I waited until a bee had landed and crawled right between her cunt lips that
  were split by the rope holding her arms up, and slapped it with the swatter.
  My aim and force were perfect, and I managed only to annoy the bee now trapped
  under the swatter. I rolled it a bit so as to be sure it could sting something
  other than the swatter before crushing it hard against her swollen cunt lips.
  My slave squealed loudly, but fortunately we live pretty far out in the country.
  I decided however that it would do to have her making too much noise, so I
  fitted her with a ring gag and waited until a bee landed on her face. My slave
  knew what I had planned, but wisely did not try to thwart me when I brushed
  the bee into her mouth and trapped it there with a rubber cork. I then continued
  to swat all the bees that landed on her cunt or tits. She clearly had some
  trouble trying not to make too much noise for fear of disturbing the assuredly
  angry bee in her mouth any more than necessary. Fortunately she isn't allergic
  because she was stung a good dozen times in fairly short order. A half hour
  later, her tits and cunt were looking pretty red and swollen. I decided she
  had enough for a while, and went to pick up the spray bottle to refresh her
  attraction before going back inside when I noticed that ants had found the
  sugar water bottle rather attracting as well. I figured the ants might want
  a little fun too, so I picked up a twig and wedged it between the ground and
  my slave's cunt. I then carefully scooped up a couple of near by ants onto
  a piece of paper and coaxed them off on her sugary lips. I didn't try to stop
  them as they soon made their way back down the stick because I knew other would
  soon follow their trail back up it again. I adjusted the camera a bit to focus
  on her cunt and told her to have fun, and that "Oh, Susan was coming over and
  should be here soon." I couldn't tell if she was relieved knowing she would
  likely be freed to serve Susan better, or if she were simply more scared knowing
  Susan's devious and sadistic bend. With that, I left her to her little friends
  and went back inside to wait for Susan.  
Susan must have been fairly interested, because
  she showed up less than an hour later. I greeted her at the door and then showed
  her my slave's image on the computer. Her first word were "she needs a shave" I
  told her she shaved two days ago, and she should look a little closer. She
  smiled then laughed and said "I bet that tickles. How long has she been there?" "About
  three hours or so," I said. I explained the extent of her bondage and torment
  and said I didn't think she would be able to hold out too much longer as her
  legs had to be getting very tired. "Well let's help her out then," Susan said.
  Having been to our house before, she knew we kept the extra bacon grease in
  a can by the stove, so she went there straight away and placed the can on the
  burner and turned it on to melt it. When it had melted, and was just a bit
  too hot to hold, she picked it up with a pot holder and headed towards the
  door. I followed to see exactly what she had in mind, though I had a bit of
  a guess. I figured she was going to use the hot oil to wash off (and annoy
  the insects). I was only partially right. She did indeed begin tormenting my
  slave and the insects with the hot oil, however, as soon as it cooled a bit,
  she dumped the rest of it on my slaves feet. At first I didn't quite comprehend
  until I noticed that her feet were beginning to slide slowly apart despite
  her best efforts to keep them in place. The look of terror and pain on my slave's
  face was incredible as she slipped lower and lower. I could see the muscles
  in her shoulders as she tried in vain to help keep herself up with her arms.
  It was all to no avail however and soon the veins in her neck were clearly
  visible and her face was turning red. In just a few moments, her feet slipped
  completely and she was hanging herself. She tried twice to get her feet under
  her again, but only succeeded in torturing her own tits before her feet slipped
  again. She was clearly panicking, straining for breath. It probably would have
  been over quite quickly had it not been for the support of the cunt rope which
  took some of the strain, but eventually, I watched the slow hang mesmerized
  until her leg muscles spasmed on last time and then relaxed. Her eyes rolled
  up into her head and she just hung there. Susan then moved very quickly and
  cut the rope from her neck and arms and lowered her to the ground. She administered
  AR and slapped her face a few times until she started breathing again on her
  own. I was pretty glad Susan was an EMT (not only because it gave her access
  to a number of fun toys not readily available elsewhere).  
My slave was still pretty out of it when we carried
  her back into the house and removed all of her bonds. However, she soon came
  too when we laid her in the shower and turned it on cold to clean her up a
  bit. We ordered her to stay put and wash herself before allowing her to get
  out and dry off. Afterwards, I bound her hands in front of her and ordered
  her to make dinner. Being a good slave, she moved to comply while I made Susan
  a drink and invited her to view some of the video I had from the last few days.
  Susan was pretty impressed by the teasing ordeal I was administering and asked
  if she could help. I told her that is why I invited her over. Thus, when dinner
  was served, both Susan and I made some effort to enhance my slave,s pleasure
  and relaxation- saying several times that she deserved it after the performance
  in the back yard. Consequently, by the evening, she began to think we might
  actually take some pity on her. Thus, she was smiling widely when I offered
  to go out and get some ice and told her to follow Susan's directions. I think
  she thought she could get Susan to give her an orgasm, or at least permission
  to cum on her own for Susan's viewing pleasure. As soon as I left, my slave
  snuggled next to Susan and began caressing her. Susan, however, knew what was
  planned. She had my slave undress her and ordered my slave to kneel in front
  of her and begin licking her. She knew well that her hands being bond in front
  of her would be in easy reach of her own cunt. Thus, as soon as my slave gave
  Susan her first orgasm, Susan told her she could touch herself as well while
  she continued her services. Being the cruel bitch that she is, Susan kept a
  close watch on my slave, and every time she began to enjoy herself too much,
  Susan would have her change position or stop to bring her something. Thus,
  she never actually told her to stop, but she managed to get my slave pretty
  hot again without letting her cum, or realizing that she was just continuing
  her torment. I was pretty impressed with her effectiveness when I returned.
  I was a bit afraid that after the sheer torture which I put her through earlier
  that she might be considerably less interested in sex. Clearly that was not
  the case however for as I entered the house, I heard Susan order my slave to
  cum and my slave thanking Susan profusely. Thus, I peered around the corner
  to see my slave laying backwards over her heels with her hands gently but quickly
  stroking her cunt, still thanking Susan over and over as she neared a very
  long denied orgasm. I caught Susan's eye, and she moved down next to my slave
  and began caressing her and sucking on her nipples. My slave came nearer and
  nearer to orgasm, and I was just about to stop her myself when Susan held up
  a finger in my direction. Apparently, women are better judges than men, because
  she allowed my slave to keep climbing another half a minute before yelling "no-
  too slow!" and pulling my slaves bound hands from her cunt and pinning them
  over her head. My slave must have been very very close, because she had this
  horrified, stunned, and confused look on her face and began wailing "no" and "please" just
  as she had been moments ago saying thanks. She actually tried to pull her hands
  back but Susan is pretty strong, and I was there in an instant to help. "So,
  you don't want to cum when you are ordered to and you want to cum when you
  are ordered not to eh?" I said. "Sounds like you need more training!" I scooped
  her up and pulled her into the bedroom and quickly tied her spread eagle on
  the bed.  
She had been through quit a bit, so I suggested
  quietly to Susan that we limit the pain and just torture her with pleasure.
  Thus, we spent the next several hours simply keeping her just on the edge of
  orgasm but not letting her cum. Having Susan there was extremely helpful in
  this regards, as she was truly an accurate judge of my slave's level of arousal.
  However, both Susan and I were pretty aroused too, and I had my ulterior motives
  to account for as well. Thus, when I said out loud that I wanted to continue
  teasing her, but I really needed a good fuck, Susan herself came up with the
  idea I was hoping for. She glanced at my slave and said it looked like we all
  needed to cum. Susan asked my slave if she wanted to be fucked, to which my
  slave meekly sobbed out repeated yes's. Susan then began taunting her by talking
  about how good it feels to have a nice hard cock thrusting deep and hard. "In
  fact," she said "I think I would like that too." Susan turned to me and asked
  me if I would like to fuck her. She turned to my slave and said, "you can watch." I
  had a better idea though, and told my slave that she could even help. I motioned
  to Susan, to straddled my slaves face and then ordered my slave to begin licking
  Susan's clit. I climbed up behind and entered Susan's tight wet cunt. . It
  was like heaven!!! I could feel my balls bouncing against my slave's nose and
  her tongue as she flicked against the base of my cock as she worked on Susan's
  clit. I could also feel Susan spasm with the pleasure she was receiving from
  both sensations. I told Susan to pick up a vibrator and pressed it against
  my slave's clit and turned it on low. I then told my slave that she had done
  extremely well today, and that she would be allowed to cum as soon as both
  Susan and I came at least twice in this position. Susan added that if it even
  looked like my slave was going to cum early, she would spend the rest of the
  weekend outside being tortured mercilessly. Susan then turned the vibrator
  up a notch and began rubbing over my slaves clit and urging her to work her
  tongue faster as she was wanting to cum. My slave turned up the action and
  soon Susan was cumming in buckets. I was bit worried she was going to break
  my slaves nose the way she was bouncing around, but her movements felt really
  good to me too so I didn't try to stop her. Consequently I too came moments
  later. We were both vocalizing how good it felt to just cum until we settled
  in and let my slave suck our juices and attempt to bring us off again. Susan,
  being multi-orgasmic, was pretty quick with her second third and forth orgasm,
  but it took me a while just to get really hard again. I could tell my slave's
  tongue was tiring, but she was doing her best to bring me off my second time
  in the vain hope we would keep our promise. However, such was not to be the
  case. Susan immediately turned off the vibrator as I began to cum again. Susan
  and I both congratulated ourselves as we climbed off my slave. My slave however
  was begging to be allowed to cum, so I stuffed Susan's panties into her mouth
  and tied them there with a scarf. I then retied her with the foam between her
  legs so that she was stretched out on one side of the bed. Then, Susan and
  I cuddled together and spent the rest of the night in gentle love making. The
  quiet sobs from my slave as Susan continued to comment on my skills in love
  making and loudly announcing each time I brought her to the many orgasms kept
  us informed that we were doing an adequate job of torture, though my slave
  was bound fairly comfortably the whole night. As I finally slipped into sleep,
  I couldn't help think of how lucky I was to have found a lover who enjoyed
  my own kinky tastes and a slave to be played with for our pleasure alone!  
The next morning, I woke to find Susan already
  tormenting my slave. She was gently sucking on her breasts and fingering her
  cunt, but obviously using only the lightest of touch so as not to let her cum.
  I moved so as to enjoy the show and to begin doing to Susan what she was doing
  to my slave. Fortunately for Susan, she was not bound, and she maneuvered herself
  so that my slave had a good view of what I was doing. I soon had Susan moaning
  in anticipation in chorus with my slave. However when Susan asked me to go
  faster, I smiled and said, "as you wish," and brought her to her first orgasm
  of the day. Susan relaxed a bit but continued her slow manipulation of my slave
  a few minutes more before stopping and commenting on how good it felt to start
  the day with and "nice cum." I agreed, but noted that I hadn't cum yet myself.
  Susan looked thoughtful and then said, "Hmmm&hellip;I'm a bit fucked out, but
  I bet your slave will gladly serve you in any way you ask." I was pretty sure
  she was right, so I unbound my slave from the bed and ordered her to suck me
  off. Susan watched while my slave dutifully performed her duty, but apparently
  decided it looked like fun. Thus, after I came, she ordered my slave to lick
  her clean of the copious amounts of cum I had deposited in her during the night.
  My slave looked resigned, and did as she was told. I realized that she might
  need some minor reminder of how good it felt to cum before she became completely
  comfortable with the fact that she would be long denied any such pleasure.
  Besides, I had a few physiological experiments in mind to amuse Susan and I
  throughout the day.  
 J  .
  I did however come in to watch her hit her first orgasm after three days of
  brutal teasing. It was pretty impressive, but not nearly as impressive as the
  way her nipples were stretched when she was finished and hung limp from her
  exertion. I decided to see if she could do it again, so I turned the water
  on high and adjusted it to a comfortable temperature and watched. Amazingly,
  once she had cum once, it took only seconds for her to approach orgasm again.
  Thus, she wailed quite loudly when I pulled up on the shower valve just as
  it looked like she might cum. However, I directed the spray onto her face to
  keep her from protesting significantly. I turned to Susan who was watching
  with glee, and in my most matter of fact voice said, "note, subject could cum
  even during extreme duress and was able to desire additional orgasms quickly
  after initial fulfillment."  
I left the spray on her face for a few more minutes
  as she struggled to reduce the strain on her nipples and breath through the
  spray. Just for fun, I played with the shower valve, switching the flow between
  her face and her cunt a few more times before getting bored and releasing her
  from this position. I told Susan she might find watching my slave fry eggs
  rather amusing, so I rebound my slave as I had the previous morning and ordered
  her to make breakfast. Susan did indeed seem amused, but wanted to test her
  level of discipline. Thus, she ordered my slave to stretch her nipples out
  directly over the frying pan and hold them there. Susan explained that she
  was to keep them there for five minutes and that she planned on whipping her
  cunt continuously for every minute she failed to hold position. My slave was
  doing reasonably maintaining her composure until after a good minute; Susan
  said angrily that if she didn't hold them considerably closer to the hot pan
  so she could begin timing, that she was going to increase it to 10 minutes.
  Whimpering, my slave leaned more forward and complied squeaking in pain. At
  about the 3 minute mark, Susan moved towards her with a glass of water and
  began flicking drops into the hot grease. My slave flinched, and Susan grabbed
  her hair and pulled her backwards. "You undisciplined slut!" she yelled," well,
  two straight minutes of cunt whipping is what your sorry ass just earned." Susan
  was smiling cruelly as she flung my slave back towards the stove and walked
  back to the table.  
To be continued?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tarrachus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





