BDSM Library - The Instant Avenger




The Instant Avenger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An aggressive domineering lesbian seeks to coerce an unwilling heterosexual female into bondage. Fortunately for the intended submissive a third dominatrix comes to the rescue. Three of the characters in this story made previous appearances in "The Instant Messenger".THE INSTANT AVENGER by Skip  
SYNOPSIS: An aggressive domineering lesbian seeks to coerce an unwilling
  heterosexual female into bondage. Fortunately for the intended submissive a
  third dominatrix comes to the rescue. Three of the characters in this story
  made previous appearances in "The Instant Messenger"  
CODES: F/F, Heavy, Violent, NC  
Let me tell you a little about myself before I relate my bondage experience.
  My name is Sara, 19 years old, 5'4, 100 pounds, with piercing blue eyes and
  long blond hair. I have the looks of a fashion model which I hope to pursue
  in the future. For now I'm just a working class broad a year out of high school
  and working as a lowly clerk in the cosmetics department of a Wal Mart. I live
  in Pompton Lakes, New Jersey.  
My friends would describe me as a party animal. A bar slut is a more accurate
  description. I live to party. Using false ID I patronize various bars four
  or five nights a week. Between bartenders who think I'm good for business and
  guys looking for a piece of ass I seldom pay for a drink. A lot of guys think
  I'm an easy mark as I typically am inebriated early in the evening. They soon
  learn that I'm quite selective as to whom has the privilege of fucking me I've
  made more than a few enemies both male and female, the males of course think
  that buying me a drink is a ticket to my ass and females who resent my superb
  body.  
I rent a room from a school teacher named Judy and we share the same house
  making me a roommate I guess. Judy is in her early 30's and its no secret she
  is a lesbian. Despite our different orientations we get along well and I relate
  many of my sexual experiences to her. Judy does have one rule and that is I'm
  not allowed to bring guys to the house in the middle of the night. Sex in the
  back seat is unbecoming my stature and I require any guy who wishes a fuck
  to take me to a motel. A few are too cheap to do that but the majority of them
  will gladly pay for the privilege. Since I get laid at least twice a week one
  motel offers me a discount for being a frequent guest.  
It was nearly 2:00AM Saturday as I drove to my house inebriated as usual.
  I had finished work at 10:00PM, hit two different bars and intended to enjoy
  a good nights sleep before beginning my vacation and some super heavy partying.
  Parked in the driveway was a car that belonged to Kim one of Judy's friends
  and intimate one I assume.  
The thought of Kim being there at this hour left me uneasy. She is about
  30 years old and a brunette plumper carrying probably 160 pounds on a 5'4 frame.
  Personally I thought she was a fat cow, just a plain Jane type, even less.
  While Kim had never made any overt advances in the past she has always eyed
  me in a manner that left little doubt she would enjoy having me for a sex partner.
  Judy once joked Kim is a little kinky but harmless without elaborating on her
  kinks. None the less I made it a point to avoid being in her presence but it
  appeared unavoidable this time.  
Upon entering the house I found Judy and Kim were seated at the kitchen table
  with a half empty wine bottle on it. Kim was wearing a dark blue blazer with
  matching pants and a white blouse. I knew that she worked evenings as a hostess
  at some high class restaurant and it appeared to be her work uniform. She had
  driven quite out of her way to visit Judy and I can't recall her ever doing
  so before at this late an hour. I was dressed provocatively as usual with a
  short white skirt and red halter top.  
Judy invited me to join them for a drink but I said I was tired and needed
  some sleep. Before I could leave Kim said she needed to have a talk with me.
  Being inebriated must have weakened my resistance to her advance as I sat down
  at the kitchen table. Kim stated that she found me very appealing sexually
  and wanted to get better, "very intimately" as she put it, acquainted with
  me. I tried to put her down by telling her I wasn't interested in lesbian sex
  but she persisted. Finally in disgust I got up and headed for my room.  
With the speed of a cobra Kim grabbed me pinning one hand behind my back
  and grabbing my hair with the other. "You haughty bitch you'll learn the hard
  way" she snarled as she dragged me to the spare bedroom and wrestled me down
  to the bed on my back. She proceeded to attach leather cuffs to each of my
  ankles and wrists so that I was spread eagled with one limb at each of the
  four corners of the bed. Obviously this was planned as the cuffs and connecting
  chains were already attached to the bed.  
My inebriation prevented me from physically resisting not that it would have
  done any good as the cow was strong. It didn't keep me from mouthing my protests
  and I even called her a fat cow. She just smiled and proceeded to remove my
  top and skirt leaving me clad in my panties, pumps and heels.  
Next she produced a pair of panties which she said she had worn earlier in
  the day. I was unable to prevent her from stuffing them into my mouth. Needless
  to say I was silenced and no words can describe the foul taste and the humiliation
  of her panties in my mouth.  
Kim took the liberty of exploring my body with both her hands and mouth.
  Pulling down my panties she fingered my clit in a none too gentle manner and
  did likewise with my nipples using her tongue on my pussy but only in a superficial
  way. Kim proceeded to explain what she had planned for me. I was to be trained
  to become her sex slave and I would serve her exclusively. My heterosexual
  life was a thing of the past. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, this cow
  was insane. Equally maddening was that Judy was assisting her with this bizarre
  scheme.  
My captor then suggested I get some sleep and I would be more receptive to
  her advances when I awoke. She suggested that I take a sedative pill and that
  if I refused the panties would stay in my mouth for several hours. I reluctantly
  agreed and swallowed what I thought was a sedative. Later of course I would
  learn otherwise. The pill apparently had a placebo effect and I was soon asleep.
  Its not easy to sleep when you're being held against your will, handcuffed
  and spread eagled to a bed in your own house knowing that your captor has such
  perverse intentions for you.  
The pill I had ingested was the date rape drug. Being active on the bar scene
  I was forever fearful that someone would spike my drink with one and I never
  took my eyes off my drink even carrying it into the bathroom. I had heard stories
  of females being unknowingly drugged and waking up in some strange place with
  no clothes on and not knowing what had happened. Never in my wildest dreams
  would I have expected another female to use one on me.  
When I awoke several hours later I was to experience that sensation. I knew
  where I was but couldn't understand why I was restrained like I was. Equally
  puzzling was that Kim was standing beside me and she was wearing a black leather
  outfit which bared her unshaven pussy. It did not occur to me that this was
  an outfit commonly worn by dominatrix.  
Kim stated that I was to receive my first taste of pussy and that I was to
  use my tongue vigorously upon it with my arms remaining in restraint. She positioned
  herself kneeling on the bed and facing me her sex pressing against my mouth.
  I did as she directed and realized that she was rapidly becoming aroused and
  quickly came. Next she forced me to lick her asshole and not just superficially.
  Anesthetized by the effects of the drug I willingly complied. Had it not been
  for the drug I'm sure I would have had to be tortured into submission to perform
  such a distasteful sex act. I was given another pill this one a pure sedative,
  and I was soon asleep again.  
When I awoke about three hours later I found myself lying unrestrained on
  my own bed with no recollection of the oral sex. I vaguely recalled being overpowered
  by Kim before being administered the first drug. Kim was not present when I
  awoke but Judy was and she acted as an intermediary by informing me of Kim's
  intentions.  
Judy told me about the drug and the oral session. Further she stated Kim
  had made a videotape of it and would use it for blackmail. I was to serve as
  her sex slave for a two month trial period. During that time I would live with
  her but continue to work at Wal Mart. I would be her servant both for household
  and sexual purposes and I would be allowed no sexual contact with males. If
  after the trial period I wanted out my request would be granted. Kim expected
  me to be ready Sunday evening at 6:00, she would pick me up and take me to
  a lesbian bondage club in Manhattan.  
Upon learning this I entered a state of emotional shock. How could something
  as disgusting as this be happening to me. I knew I needed help and fast. The
  only person I could think of was my cousin Bernadette. She is 30 years ago,
  divorced and lives about 30 minutes away in Livingston. I've confided her in
  the past and she always told me if I had a serious problem to call her at once.
  Fortunately she was home and urged me to come over right away.  
I was nearly in tears as I related my ordeal to Bernadette. She then swore
  me to secrecy: Bernadette worked as an administrative assistant for an insurance
  agency. The owner, Jim, caught his wife posing as a dominatrix on line. With
  help from Bernadette he set up a sting and hired another dominatrix to terrorize
  his wife. As a result the wife gave up her interest in BDSM and the two reconciled
  their marriage. Perhaps Jim could be of help in my situation. A phone call
  was made and it was my lucky day. His wife was out of town for a religious
  retreat and he offered to see Bernadette and myself at his home in Madison
  only about 15 minutes away.  
Shortly thereafter Bernadette, Jim Rogers and myself sat in the living room
  of his luxurious Madison mansion each sipping a glass of wine. Without letting
  on that I knew about Jim hiring a dominatrix to do his wife I related my situation
  to him. Jim said he knew someone who might be able to help and he excused himself
  from the room to make a call. When he returned he stated that the person, Cindy,
  lived in Long Island, but could see me immediately and to come alone. I left
  immediately in my car knowing it would take almost 90 minutes to get to her
  place.  
It took exactly that as I pulled into the driveway of a single family house
  on a residential side street. A brunette about 5'11, 125 pounds walked out
  to greet me. She was wearing a short black vinyl skirt and a tight white ribbed
  sweater. Introducing herself as Cindy she stated that her clients were required
  to address her as "Mistress" but that for the time being it was not necessary
  for me to do so. She invited inside and I took a seat on her living room couch.  
I was immediately impressed by the air of authority she exuded. Frankly I
  found her intimidating but in terms of physical attractiveness she was a looker
  compared to Kim. She gave me a brief description of her resume which included
  being a bounty hunter for a bail bond agency and working part time as a dominatrix
  training mostly females. On occasion she took on "special assignments" as she
  characterized them and for a fee. She hastened to add that the fee for my case
  had already been paid by a gentleman who wished to remain anonymous smiling
  as she emphasized anonymous.  
Cindy stated she frequently trained females to be submissives but harbored
  a deep contempt for someone using date rape drugs to seduce someone as young
  as myself and who was completely uninterested in the life style. Her proposition
  was that she would be waiting at my house tomorrow when Kim arrived to pick
  me up. As Judy would be out of town all the much better. Kim would be overpowered
  and would have a bondage session she would never forget. Cindy would make every
  effort to retrieve the videotape. I threw my arms around her and cried realizing
  how fortunate I was to have found her in time. Cindy just patted my hair gently
  and kissed my forehead.  
Kim's orders were that I was to be ready at 6:00PM and she had specified
  precisely how I was to dress which included a skimpy red dress she had found
  while rummaging in my closet. Further I could be expected to be collared and
  led out of the house on a leash. The collar and leash would remain on during
  the drive to the club and that is how I would be led into the club.  
Cindy arrived at my house about 4:00PM dressed in jeans and a sweater but
  carrying a large black bag. She quickly changed into a two piece leather dominatrix
  pants outfit. She looked even more intimidating than previously and we sat
  around watching TV and chatting casually as we awaited Kim's arrival. We talked
  mostly about my bar adventures with Cindy volunteering little information about
  herself.  
At precisely 6:00 the doorbell rang. As directed by Cindy I was dressed only
  in jeans and a blouse and I answered the door. Kim stood dressed in the same
  outfit she had on the night before and glaring at me angrily. Stepping inside
  she demanded to know why I was not dressed as she had specified. "Fuck you,
  you filthy cow" I replied trying hard to contain my glee. Before Kim could
  react Cindy entered the room her arms folded in front of her and giving Kim
  the most hostile glare I had ever seen. "Who the fuck are you" Kim commanded
  the best she could but it came out stammering. Without saying a word Cindy
  walked up to her an delivered a roundhouse right punch to the jaw sending Kim
  sprawling to a chair. "Get up you ugly cow do you need a 10 count" commanded
  Cindy with a smirk. In just a few seconds Kim realized she had met her match.  
Still dazed from the blow Cindy dragged the hapless Kim by the hair and arm
  into the spare bedroom much in the manner that I had been dragged. Cindy motioned
  for me to stay outside and closed the door. I could hear yelling and a struggle
  with mostly Cindy doing the yelling. This went out for about five minutes and
  I stood in the hall gleefully anticipating seeing the cow in stringent restraint.  
Cindy beckoned me into the bedroom and I wasn't disappointed. Kim had been
  stripped naked and was kneeling at the foot of the bed facing away her legs
  spread and each attached to bed floor post with some type of leather restraint.
  Her arms were cuffed behind her with these cuffs further connected to the bed
  frame. She was bent backwards in a very uncomfortable position with no range
  of movement. To top it off she was wearing a super sized leather muzzle with
  a large ball gag. It was a most delightful sight.  
Cindy beckoned me outside the bedroom. She stated Kim denied having the tape
  in her possession but that it would be a good idea to check her car. Cindy
  performed this task herself while I waited in the kitchen. She soon returned
  carrying a video tape.  
The tape was inserted in the VCR and we eagerly awaited the content. Sure
  enough it was the tape we had hoped for. About ten minutes long it showed me
  eating Kim's pussy and licking her asshole. It was very traumatic to watch
  the whole tape but I forced myself to do so. After it ended I broke down in
  tears with Cindy gently putting her arm around me.  
Cindy opined that Kim probably intended to play the tape for some of the
  people at the bondage club and no duplicate of the tape had been made. Still
  crying I asked Cindy if I should call Jim and thank him for making this possible. "I
  don't think that's necessary, besides there are other ways of expressing your
  gratitude Jim would appreciate more" smirked Cindy. Having said that she got
  up and headed for the bedroom. It was time to give Kim a bondage session she
  would never forget.  
END PART 1  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





