BDSM Library - Becky's Slave




Becky's Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man's wife turns him into a submissive sex slave and uses him for her pleasure.  She also loans him out to friends.  He is punished, denied, and forced to perform all kinds of disgusting acts.Chapter 1 How it all began  
It was another typical Saturday morning. I was on my knees beside of the
  bed waiting for my dominant wife to awake. With her feet in my hands and my
  lips paying homage to her delicately painted toes, I could already feel the
  stirring in my balls. The scent of her unwashed feet always gets me excited.
  She suddenly kicked me away and stretched her body in an effort to wake her
  muscles. After a few moments of this, she opened her eyes, moved up on her
  hands, and let her feet dangle over the side of the bed. "Don't stop Denny.
  I did not tell you to stop." I got down into almost a laying position so I
  could continue worshiping her beautiful feet.  
Let me reflect back and tell you how I got here. Shortly after our marriage
  began, my wife Becky found out about my submissive tendencies. I had hid them
  during our dating years, but slowly informed her after our marriage. I had
  hoped she would understand if I revealed them in a gradual manner. Was I surprised;
  she quickly took on the dominant role in our marriage. Within a year, she was
  telling me what to do all of the time. She made me move into the guest room
  and she has the king size bed all to herself, except when&hellip; well, I will
  explain that later. After two years she controlled all of my sexual needs,
  forced me to perform orally on her everyday; yes, almost everyday, regardless
  of time of the month. It was difficult at first, but I soon found solace in
  her controlling ways. I liked it. In fact, I craved it. The more she dominated
  me, the more I craved it. However, like most things, once you reach a certain
  plateau, you want to go higher; and higher she went.  
She began to control my orgasms. She would not allow me to masturbate unless
  she was present. At first, I would sneak and masturbate. Then I began to feel
  guilty. Her control over me grew. It is hard to explain, but it was if she
  was watching me all the time. She was inside my head. I began to think she
  could read all of my thoughts; or maybe I just wanted to feel that way. Soon,
  I completely quit masturbating myself to orgasm, unless she ordered me to.
  I did not want sexual relief unless she wanted it. In addition, she started
  making me go longer between orgasms.  
At first, it would be a week. Then she extended to 10 days, then 2 weeks.
  While this was going on she would use me to make her cum, sometimes every night,
  even 2 or 3 times some nights. I was a walking ball of sexual nerves. One night
  I got up the nerve to ask her. Actually, I begged her to let me masturbate.  
"Denny, what are you doing? Why are you doing this? Your begging will not
  convince me that you are deserving." But Honey, it has been over two weeks
  this time. "I know Denny, but you are not ready. You know that I will let you
  when it is time. And it is not time." Becky lay down on the bed as she usually
  does when she wants me to please her orally. "Now, get over here and make me
  feel good Denny." I reluctantly moved between her legs. It did not take long
  for her heady scent to fill my nostrils. As was typical of Becky, she was unwashed
  and her pubic hair was full of her scent. Yes, her rich feminine scent. It
  was driving me crazy, and she knew it.  
As I said, most of the time I satisfied her was orally. I always had the
  taste of her pussy in my nose and mouth. I also learned to lick her asshole.
  She always made me do this before she had showered. I think she liked to humiliate
  me as much as possible, and this was a good way to do it. Although, secretly,
  I liked it as much that way because it was so natural and musky. Sometimes
  she would make me lick her for an hour while she watched TV or read a book.
  She really did not need a bath after that. She liked seeing me in panties.
  She would keep my pubic hair shaved off or in the form of a V or a heart, whatever
  caught her fancy.  
Another thing Becky does on a regular basis is to use me as her "pee pot" as
  she calls me. She had me make a special toilet for her so she could piss on
  my face while she sat in comfort. I made the mistake of showing her one that
  I found on the internet. She made me build one just like it. It has a regular
  toilet seat, but the commode part is a wooden box with a plastic lining. It
  is little lower than a regular commode and it has a large hole in the front
  side large enough for me to insert my head. I have to keep it in my room. That
  is the only reason she ever comes into my room. When I see her go there, I
  know what to do. She has trained me how to perform this important ritual. I
  must first get to my hands and knees. Then I must kiss the commode seat. Then
  I must pull her panties down and kiss her pussy and ass. Once seated, she orders
  me to get ready. That is my clue to lay down and put my head through the opening.
  She forces me to stay still and receive whatever she offers. There are a few
  holes in the side for light to go through, so I can see exactly what happens.  
Sometimes she will sit there for a long time to tease me, as my face is only
  inches from her sex. Because of the confined area her scent becomes much stronger
  than normal, and I become very excited. She can monitor my excitement easily
  by simply watching my erection. Occasionally she will torment me by smacking
  my erection with a strap or wooden dowel that I must always have nearby for
  her use. If time permits, she may use me in this way for a long time; as much
  as a half-hour. She will let me smell her until I have a raging erection. Then
  she will punish my penis until my erection subsides. Then she will start the
  whole process over. Sometimes she will pee on me right away; then let me lay
  there with her piss all over my face and hair. She also uses the pee pot when
  she is on her period. Many times, I have to lay there with a tampon or a panty
  shield laying on my face.  
As time went on, she would extend my periods of abstinence to as much as
  3 weeks. I would plead with her to allow me to masturbate, but she would usually
  not allow it. I never knew when it would happen; it was always a surprise.
  Occasionally I would link it to something I had done special for her. However,
  when I would try it again, she would no allow me relief. Once, I went to the
  florist and bought 2 dozen roses. I used them to sprinkle a path of pedals
  from the garage, where she parks the new Mercedes that I bought her, to the
  bedroom. I light candles all through the house, prepared her a very nice meal,
  and opened her favorite wine. I was so pleased when she seemed to enjoy the
  evening. Finally, I brought her to orgasm 3 times. My cock was so hard and
  I was so excited. It had been 3 weeks that night. I was just sure she would
  allow me to cum. After her third orgasm, she rolled over on her stomach and
  said, "Denny, rub my back until I go to sleep." I quickly began massaging her
  back and shoulders. "Denny come up here so I can whisper in your ear." I moved
  slowly up to her head. She rarely let me do that anymore. She put her lips
  right up to my ear. The feel of her breath on my ear almost made me cum. I
  could feel my cock was almost ready to explode. "Denny, if you are a good boy
  like this for the rest of the week, I may let you masturbate on Saturday."  
Saturday! I thought. This was Wednesday, and I had not cum in 3 weeks. I
  was so disappointed. I felt so dejected, but I had to remain composed or Becky
  would know it and make me wait longer. "Denny, after I go to sleep you may
  lay down between my legs and put you nose between my ass cheeks, and think
  about Saturday." I did not get much sleep that night. Her intoxicating scent
  drove me wild until the early hours of the morning.  
You can imagine that I was a good boy the rest of the week. I went out of
  my way to please her in anyway that I could. However, she did not seem to appreciate
  it that much. As much as I remained attentive to her, it did not seem like
  enough. On Friday night, she became very angry with me. "Denny, I think you
  are getting lazy. Look at the smudge on this coffee table. I can tell you one
  thing. If this house is not clean by tomorrow afternoon, you will be in big
  trouble, and I think you know what that means. I am tired, I am going to bed,
  and I think you had better get busy. I do not want to hear a lot of commotion
  in the house either. I am tired. Wake me at 8"30 in the morning. I am going
  shopping with Donna.  
I spent the rest of the evening trying to get the house as clean as I could
  without making any noise. I just had to please her. My mind was preoccupied
  with the thoughts of tasting her pussy and masturbating. As horny as I was,
  the evening chores tired me and I sleep well that night. I woke up at 7:30
  so I could prepare breakfast and wake Becky on time. As usual, I was by her
  bed worshiping her feet at exactly 8:30.  
She awoke quickly and looked at the clock. "I trust my breakfast is ready." I
  quickly assured her that it was. Shall I bring to you in bed? "Need I ask?
  What has gotten into you lately?" She got up and walked nude to the closet. "Forget
  it now. I will have it in the kitchen." She was out in a few minutes and sitting
  at the kitchen table with a tee shirt on. "You can finish massaging my feet
  while I have breakfast. My legs and thighs could use a little TLC also." I
  quickly got under the table and began. She spread her legs as I messaged her
  gently and worshiped her soft skin. I could feel my penis rising as I breathed
  in her strong morning scent.  
"I will be meeting Donna at 11:00. We will probably have a late lunch, and
  I will be back in here around 4 or 5. This place better be spotless when I
  get here." She spent the rest of the morning in her room lounging and getting
  ready for her shopping trip. By the time she left I was busy cleaning house.
  I really wanted to impress here when she returned this evening.  
Chapter 2 A higher Level  
I was beginning to think Becky might be board with me. She had been acting
  funny lately, and I was having a more difficult time pleasing her. If only
  I knew about the big surprise, for which she was preparing me. Becky was not
  bored with me; she was preoccupied with other thoughts. She was getting ready
  to take our relationship to a higher level.  
I busied myself cleaning house. This time I was going to do the best job
  ever. I made up my mind that I was going to please her tonight. About an hour
  after Becky left the phone rang. "Denny, I have a surprise for you tonight." A
  smile came to my face and suddenly felt so good. She was letting me know that
  I could&hellip; "Denny, Donna is coming over tonight." There were a few moments
  of silence. My heart sunk. Does this mean? "I want you to prepare a special
  dinner for us. I want you to make it special for Donna." In a brief moment,
  I wondered what was happening. I wondered if they had more than a friendship.
  Becky had never talked about a lesbian relationship, but I wondered sometimes
  because of the way she treated me, almost like another girl. "Denny, remember,
  its Saturday. Remember what I told you on Wednesday?" My excitement began to
  grow again. Yes ma'am. "Make sure you are ready for us Denny." Then she hung
  up. A thousand thoughts went through my head, and my heart was pounding. I
  was going to be exposed to Donna.  
I spent the rest of the afternoon preparing the house. I went to the grocery
  store and got what I need for dinner. Becky called around 3:00 to make sue
  I was ready. "I want things perfect for Donna. I&hellip;also I want you to
  be prepared Denny." I was not sure what she meant. 'Prepared? I have the house
  spotless, and dinner will be your favorite. I bought special wine&hellip;' "No,
  Denny, I mean you." There was silence. "I mean you Denny. You must be dressed
  as I like you. You must be dressed up special."  
I could feel my heart pounding again. She has told Donna. Donna knows about
  me. 'Does a&hellip;does Donna know&hellip;a know about&hellip;about me?' She
  was silent again. "Yes Denny. I told her all about you. She knows everything." I
  was suddenly overcome with anxiety. I wanted to do it, but I was scared. "Now,
  go into the bedroom and look in my panty drawer. I have something special for
  you to wear instead of the panties tonight. You will have it on at 5:30 when
  we get there. Denny, do not disappoint me. You know what happens when you disappoint
  me. Don't you? I thought for a moment. 'Yes ma'am, I know. I will be prepared.'
  Then she hung up.  
Oh my God! I had dreamed of this, but never thought it would happen. I could
  feel the stirring in my balls. I had never been so scared in my life, yet I
  was excited just thinking about it. I was going to be dominated by two women.
  I quickly went to Becky's panty drawer and stripped. My penis was already becoming
  erect as I opened the door. There it was. I pulled it out and let it unfold
  before me. A silk apron; I put my head though the opening and tied the strings
  behind me. I looked in the mirror. I loved the feel of the silky material as
  it rubbed against my erect penis. At the same time I could feel the nerves
  in my stomach as I began to worry about how the evening would unfold. This
  was going to be a humiliating night.  
I put the apron back in the drawer so I would not mess it up. I hurriedly
  made final preparations. Before I knew it, it was 5:15. Unlike most women,
  Becky is always on time; never late, never early. I went to the panty drawer
  and pulled the apron out again. I nervously put it on as I moved to the front
  door to wait. Becky always has me greet her at the front door for special occasions.
  I waited. Then at exactly 5:30 her car pulled up, and Donna was right behind
  her. My stomach began to tighten as I anticipated the initial shock. They looked
  at each other smiling, and then kissed briefly on the lips. It was true. They
  were&hellip;.I did not want to thing about it now. I had to be prepared.  
They walked hand in hand up to the door as I slowly opened it and stayed
  tucked behind it. My stomach was now in knots as I nervously waited to see
  their reaction. "And now I want you to meet Denny." Becky pulled the door shut
  and there I was; covered only in the apron, and sporting the most nervous smile
  you ever wanted to see. Donna was beautiful. She was a little taller than my
  5'6" wife, with long dark hair, a slender figure, with large breasts. She gave
  me a wicked smile as she put her hands on her curvy hips. "So this is your
  slut? He is just what I pictured." Both of them stared as I backed up in embarrassment.
  I could not speak. "Well Denny, where are your manners? Get Donna and me a
  glass of wine." I was too nervous to speak and I quickly backed away toward
  the bar. "Denny, turn around so Donna can see your cute little but." I was
  embarrassed again. My face must have been crimson as I turned and showed Donna
  my ass. "That's good. Now get the wine and bring it to us so we can relax."  
The next half hour was quite a challenge for me. It took at least that much
  time to recover from my initial embarrassment. Just as I was getting a little
  more comfortable, Becky motioned for me to approach Donna. "Denny, come over
  here and show Donna how you take care of tired feet when I come home at night." I
  slowly moved to my knees in front of Donna. My face burned bright as I removed
  her shoes. As I began messaging her feet, I noticed that her legs were perfectly
  tanned. "You can do better than that." My face burned even hotter as I slowly
  lowered my head and placed my lips on her bare foot. My embarrassment subsided
  as I breathed in the musty smell of her sweaty feet. I could feel my penis
  begin to rise. For a few moments, I forgot my embarrassment as I worshiped
  her sexy feet. I kissed her gently and licked between her toes for probably
  5 minutes. "Oh Becky, he is wonderful. Oh, massage my legs too. They need it.
  Oh yes." As I used my hands to rub her legs, her skirt began moving upward,
  and within a few seconds, I could see the wet stains on the crotch of her silky
  panties. I could not take my eyes from her crotch.  
"Becky, I think he is taking a peak up my skirt." They both laughed as I
  raised my head in embarrassment. "Oh don't be shy Denny, you will probably
  see more than that if you keep this up. Becky, you have him trained really
  well." Becky got up and walked to the bar to get the wine bottle as I continued
  my worship session on Donna's feet. "Now rub my legs and tend to them for a
  while. It has been a long day and I could use some pampering. Do you mind Becky?" Becky
  sat down beside of Donna and put her arm around Donna. "Oh no, not at all Donna.
  That's what he is for." I began kissing and rubbing Donna's calves and knees
  as she pulled her skirt up as far as it would go. Her panty covered crotch
  was now fully exposed and I could see the wet spot growing as I continued to
  worship her. I could also feel myself responding to the soft feel of her legs.
  My penis was sticking straight up under my apron as I slowly began to kiss
  her knees and inner thighs.  
It was then that I noticed that unforgettable scent. Every woman is slightly
  different. Donna sexy scent was stronger than Becky's, but still exciting to
  experience. Her unique mixture of urine, sweat, and natural juices was making
  my head spin. I wanted more; I wanted to smell her pussy up close. I worked
  my way further this time, kissing her inner thighs and massaging her legs.
  Her scent was getting even stronger. My cock was twitching with desire, and
  I could feel the strain in my balls. I was sure that I was leaking pre-cum.
  Becky always makes me lick it up when I am with her, and I wondered if she
  would make me do it in front of Donna.  
"Oh, Becky, this is really feeling good. Do you mind if I get a little more
  comfortable?" My heart filled with joy. "Of course Dear. Let me help you. Or
  better yet, let Denny help you. He helps me get undressed every evening. Don't
  you Denny?" I answered with a quick, yes ma'am, as I got up to help Donna.
  As I had expected, the apron front was wet with my discharge; and my erection
  pushed out against the apron to make it even more obvious. "Oh my Denny, you
  must learn to control yourself around Donna. She might get the wrong idea and
  think that you have plans to do something with that." She pointed directly
  at my erection as they both snickered. "Denny, help Donna get out of her skirt
  and blouse while I go to the bedroom and change." Becky left the room as I
  stood there in total embarrassment. My erection began to fade as my face glowed
  red with shame.  
Donna looked at me with a sheepish grin. "Well Denny, why don't you help
  me out these clothes?" I quickly fumbled with the buttons to her blouse as
  she stood proudly before me. I helped her out of her blouse while she unbuttoned
  her skirt and let it fall to the floor. That left only her matching panties
  and bra. She turned around and I released the clips on her bra. "Get to your
  knees Denny. I like to see men on their knees." I quickly obeyed as she turned
  around to face me, pulling the bra straps down and exposing her large beautiful
  breasts. For a woman her age, she had firm breasts. They did not sag a bit;
  probably due to a constant regime of exercising as evidenced by her flat muscular
  tummy. At about the same time, Becky returned to the room in one of her skimpy
  nightgowns. She also hand another one dangling from her finger, which she dropped
  on the couch where Donna had been sitting.  
"Donna, you still look as fresh and young as you always have." She walked
  up to her and kissed her on the lips lightly, and then she began fondling her
  breasts. "My my, they feel just like they look. Denny, I want you to thank
  Donna for being so nice tonight, and I want you to make her feel at home just
  as you do with me. Is that clear?" I could barely speak. "Yes ma'am, a&hellip; thank
  you a&hellip; thank you Donna for being so nice&hellip; a for allowing me to
  worship you. Please&hellip;a please allow me to make&hellip; a to make you
  feel good this evening."  
"Thank you Denny, and thank you Becky. And you look marvelous as well." She
  touched Becky's breasts through the sheer material and smiled seductively.
  Becky smiled back, then looked at me. "Denny, I think you have some more work
  to do." She put one finger into the waistband of Donna's panties. "Take them
  off Denny". I quickly used my fingers to grasp Donna's panties, then slowly
  pulled them down to reveal her beautiful hairy pussy. I was shocked at the
  amount of hair around her crotch. While it was trimmed enough not to show when
  she was in panties, it was thick and full underneath. I immediately noticed
  the scent of her excitement. I continued to pull her panties down to her feet
  and waited for her to step out of them. "Denny", Becky said loudly. "Show Donna
  what you do with panties when you remove them." She paused for a moment. "Show
  her Denny." I was suddenly filled with embarrassment. Even thought it was part
  of my daily routine to worship Becky's panties when I removed them at night,
  it was a different matter to do this with another woman present. I had often
  looked at women, beautiful woman such as Donna, and wondered what it would
  be like to remove their panties and worship them.  
"Denny", Becky said loudly again. "What are you waiting for? Do it." I slowly
  brought the panties to my face exposing the damp crotch, and staring at the
  yellowish stains where her pussy lips had been only seconds before. I noticed
  here scent, even stronger than before, as the material touched my nose. I instinctively
  touched it with my tongue and got my first taste of her pissy, sweaty pussy.
  It was wonderful. I took the crotch into my mouth and sucked the dampness from
  the material as they both watched. I momentarily forgot my embarrassment as
  I savored the flavor that had dripped from her hot pussy. "That's enough Denny,
  don't get too carried away. You must prepare our dinner." Her words shocked
  me back into reality, as I opened my eyes to see both of them staring at me.
  My face flushed as I pulled Donna's tasty panties from my mouth. "Go on. Fix
  our dinner while we have some more wine."  
My embarrassment grew once again as stood up and displayed my erect penis
  pushing against the silky fabric of my apron. I quickly walked to the kitchen
  as Becky helped Donna on with her nightgown  
Chapter 3 Donna  
I busied myself with setting the table and getting dinner. As I made the
  last few details, Becky and Donna walked into the dinning room with their wine
  glasses empty. I seated them both, and filled their glasses again. "Thank you
  Denny. Denny, it is obvious to you now that Donna and I are&hellip; well, we
  are &hellip; we are very good friends. Remember, we used to room together in
  college, so you can imagine that we shared many experiences together. Donna
  was divorced about a year ago, and now she wants to get back in the swing of
  things, if you know what I mean." They both laughed.  
Donna looked at Becky. "Becky, I suppose I should tell Denny about my x husband.
  He was&hellip; well I guess he still is &hellip; very submissive, just like
  you Denny. I trained him to do anything I wanted him to do. He was actually
  very good and loyal to me. But, I need more than just one person in my life.
  And he could not live with that. So, we parted ways."  
I sat down as I listened, since dinner was on the table and ready to serve.
  We began filling our plates as Donna went on about her life. It was extremely
  erotic to listen to the dominant women talk to each other. "I am not one to
  get involved in casual relationships. It is not healthy. Plus, I like to get
  to know someone before I &hellip; well, you know what I mean." Becky and Donna
  continued to talk and drink as dinner continued. "Donna, I am looking forward
  to seeing more of you now. I am glad you have moved closer. And, I could use
  a little variety in my life too." I lowered my head as she looked directly
  at me when she spoke. "Of course I want to keep my little pee pot over here.
  But it would be nice to have some other friends to &hellip; a... a to be with
  from time to time." Donna laughed and put her hand over her mouth. "Pee pot?
  Is that his nickname?" Becky laughed too. "I forgot to tell you about that.
  He is&hellip; well, I will just show you later. I will let it be a surprise
  for you, the entertainment for the evening." They both looked at me as my face
  reddened with embarrassment. I thought to myself, if Becky is going to let
  me cum tonight, I would pay dearly for it.  
When dinner was over, they retired to the couch again, with another refill
  of wine. I had opened a second bottle and it was nearing completion. They laughed
  frequently as I cleaned up the kitchen. I wondered what I woud do next? Then
  suddenly Becky called out. "Pee pot! Oh Pee Pot!" They both laughed loudly. "Get
  in her Pee pot." I could not contain my embarrassment as I walked slowly into
  the living room. "Denny, Donna wants to know what Pee Pot means. I think you
  should tell her. Tell her Denny." The room became silent and I was too embarrassed
  to say anything. "Denny, tell her. Tell her what I use your face and your mouth
  for. Or better yet, why don't we show her." Now I was glowing with embarrassment.
  How could I do that? So soon? I just met her.  
Becky stood up and grabbed Donna's hand. "Let's go to Denny's room and Denny
  will show you. Go Denny. Go." I quickly got in front of them as we walked to
  my room. I never would have dreamed until tonight that I would be doing this
  with two women present. As humiliated as it was I was excited and wondering
  which one of them would use me, or if both of them would use me. As soon as
  Donna saw it she new what it was. "Oh my God! I always wanted one those. Becky,
  I got to admit, you know how to train a man." Becky walked over to me and put
  her hand on my shoulder. "Denny, you have forgotten the proper etiquette. Show
  Donna what you do." I sank quietly to my knees and began kissing the seat as
  my face burned with shame. Then I turned on my knees to Becky and slowly raised
  her nightgown. I kissed the hair on her pussy as her sexy odor invaded my nostrils.
  She turned and I kissed her ass cheeks. "That's a good boy. Now I want you
  to do the same for Donna. She probably has to go to."  
Donna put her hand over her mouth and her eyes widened. "Oh yes, I do have
  to go. But you go first Becky. I will wait outside." Becky immediately responded. "Oh
  no, no, you stay in here. I want our little pee pot to know that you are watching.
  Now, Denny get you head inside so we can see you through the seat." I laid
  down on my back and did as she instructed. I looked up through the seat to
  see both of them staring down at me. God I felt so humiliated.  
The next thing I knew, Becky was sitting down and within seconds, her strong
  feminine scent invaded my nose. The intense odor of the day's sweat and piss
  and feminine secretions filled my the enclosed area, and my penis immediately
  responded by rising against my silky apron. After having gone so long without
  an orgasm, it was difficult to control my erections. Now the humiliation of
  being pissed on while someone else watched was beginning to excite me even
  more. I could hear their excited voices through the holes in the side of the
  case. "I won't take very long Donna because I want you to enjoy too. Normally,
  I take my time, and let Denny's excitement build. Hand me that leather strap.
  I may have to use it, if he gets too excited." Oh God, I thought to myself.
  I had hoped she would not do that. Suddenly I felt the material of my apron
  lifting slide across my erect penis. "If he gets too excited I have to use
  this. I don't allow him to cum in here, especially tonight. I want him to cum
  when he can see us watching him."  
I looked up at my wife's succulent pussy and imagined using my lips and my
  tongue to please her. Overcome with lust I raised my head and pushed my nose
  to her pussy. Then without warning&hellip; Smack! That dreaded leather strap.
  Smack! I screamed out in pain as the stinging sensation went through my entire
  groin. "That will help control the miserable little cock of yours." Both of
  them snickered as Becky teased me with the strap. "Get ready my pet. Open wide." I
  could hear them both laugh as Becky relaxed her muscles. I knew that I would
  soon be getting the first of her hot piss. I could see a little droplet forming
  on her pee hole. Then, suddenly it started. Her piss shot directly into my
  face, splattering in all directions. I opened my mouth to taste her strong
  pungent piss. I struggled to drink it down. I wanted to taste it all, to smell
  like it, to feel the closeness to her sex. I forgot about the stinging sensation
  in my penis, and strained to take in as much of her golden nectar as possible.
  Within a few moments her flow subsided. I could see her pee hole tighten again,
  as she shot out another short stream. Then again, and again, until her bladder
  was empty.  
"I am finished. I always tell him that so he can do his duty and lick me
  dry." There was laughter again, as I raised up to lick her pussy until all
  of the drops of urine were gone. "That's a good boy." I watched as her ass
  rose off the seat and turned to look down. I felt a sudden surge of embarrassment
  as they both peered down on my piss covered face. Becky looked at Donna. "Your
  turn." Donna wasted no time in turning around. I could see her nightgown raise
  in the back as her beautiful tan lined hips come down to rest upon the seat.
  Within seconds the odor of her fragrant ass and pussy filled my chamber. Her
  hair covered crotch was an erotic sight. I inhaled deeply to get the full effect
  of her feminine scent. God she smelled so good. It was even stronger than before.
  I moved my head to get my nose closer to her ass hole. I had learned to enjoy
  the unwashed aroma and flavor of a feminine ass hole. Donna's was intoxicating.
  I imagined how nice it would be to clean her up with my tongue. I strained
  again and almost made contact with my nose. I could feel my penis sticking
  straight up, and I knew that my punishment was only moments away. But it was
  worth it to worship the beautiful erotic sight before me.  
"This is a comfortable pot. I could sit her all evening. Why don't you get
  my glass of wine and I will just sit here and relax." I could hear Becky's
  foot steps as she left the room. Then I noticed Donna rising up of the seat
  slightly. The next thing I felt was a sharp smack to my penis. Then another.
  Then another. "Better watch that Denny. Looks like I see precum oozing out
  of that little cock of yours." Then she sat back down, blocking the flow of
  air again; and within moments her strong scent was filling my nostrils.  
 "Here is your wine darling." Just as Becky said that, I could feel Donna's
  weight move backward on the pot. She also muttered something as if her lips
  were pressed against something. Of course they were, against Becky. There was
  a long moment of silence. I could sense motion in their bodies, but no conversation.
  My excitement began to grow as I realized that my wife was making out with
  another woman that was preparing to piss on my face. This was one of the most
  erotic momentsI had ever encountered.  
 "You taste so good Donna. Its been a long time." They settled down and there
  was silence again. I began looking closely at the shape of Donna's pussy, the
  size of her clit, and marveled at the difference between her and Becky. Then
  suddenly I could see Donna's pee hole tighten. She was getting ready to piss.
  My excitement grew to a new level. I looked up into her gapping pussy, her
  out lips spread wide and her inner lips hanging down. He clit was larger than
  Becky's was. I noticed a thick film forming at her vaginal opening. Evidently
  the activity with Becky was making her hot. She was getting wet. Suddenly here
  pee hole tightened again and a large stream of piss splashed onto my face.
  It was very sharp tasting. It seemed heavier than Becky's. As it seeped into
  my mouth, I noticed how salty it was. As soon as that stream died, another
  one followed. My hair was wet and there was piss in my nose. I closed my eyes
  but still ended up with it in there too. "One more squirt Denny. Then I will
  be done." I opened my eyes in time to see the last squirt shoot directly into
  my gapping mouth. As disgusting as it sounds, I was straining to get it all.
  I felt so humiliated, yet more excited than I had ever been. I waited for the
  last few drops to fall. Then I rose up and licked her pussy for the first time.
  I licked her until all of the piss drops were gone from her pussy.  
"Get out of there and take a shower piss pot. Then I want you to put on a
  nice pair of pink panties for Donna. And hurry. We have much to do this evening." They
  both laughed as they left the room. I worked my head out of the toilet and
  hurriedly cleaned it out and took a shower. Within a short while I was looking
  through my panty drawer for the pink panties Becky had instructed me to wear.  
Chapter 4 Donna lets him cum  
Many emotions went through my head as I pulled the silky material over my
  swollen cock. I was overcome with sexual tension just thinking about the dripping
  pussies that had been at my face only minutes before. At the same time I was
  worried about the rest of the evening. What would they do to me next? I was
  already feeling the anxiety in the pit of my stomach. The house was quiet as
  I walked into the hallway anticipating the sound of their conversation. I crept
  into living room and there was no sign of Becky or Donna. Finally, I decided
  to check Becky's room. The door was pulled too, but not completely closed,
  and I could hear a faint moan. Oh my God! They were&hellip; they were doing
  something. As I backed up, I bumped into a lamp table and made a loud noise.  
"Is that you Denny? Denny, is that you?" I nervously moved towards the door
  again. 'Yes ma'am&hellip; a yes ma'am, it's me.' I could feel my face burning
  already. "Get in here." I put my hand on the door and slowly pressed it open. "I
  want Donna to see your pretty pink panties." They were in the bed, and they
  rose up to look at me as I slowly moved into the room. I could feel my face
  glowing with embarrassment again. Becky had been the only woman that had ever
  seen me in panties. "Oh my, he looks cute in those panties Becky. Does he always
  wear panties?" I stood there not knowing what to do next. "I have been making
  him wear panties for the last year. In fact we have gotten rid of all his manly
  underwear. I also make him buy his own panties." Donna was rubbing Becky's
  thigh as they talked. "I like to make him wear white pants occasionally when
  we go out, so his panty lines will show." Becky loves to humiliate me in public.  
"Denny, I told you on Wednesday night that if you were a good boy I would
  let you cum today. Do you think you have been a good boy?" I felt totally humiliated
  as I stood there before them. It was embarrassing to to do this in front of
  Donna. Now I will probably have to beg her to cum. "Answer me Denny. Tell me
  that you have been a good boy. I have to decide if you have been good enough."  
What could I say that would convince her? 'Yes ma'am, I have&hellip; a I
  have been a good boy. I cleaned house very good, and I have done everything
  you have told me to do. I will&hellip;' She cut me off. "I don't think so Denny.
  You have been OK, but not good." I could hear the tension rising in her voice.
  I could also feel the disappointment surge through my body. Why does she continue
  to do me this way? I have tried so very hard to please her. "Denny, I have
  an idea of how you might redeem yourself. You know, make up for your ho hum
  performance. "Denny, get up into the bed and sit down near the bottom." I did
  as she instructed, while they embraced again.  
The smell of their pussies was strong in the air. "I have a surprise for
  you Donna. Denny is going to worship your pussy." Donna's face glowed with
  anticipation as they looked at each other. I could feel my penis swelling in
  my panties at the thought being allowed to worship Donna's pussy. Becky looked
  at me. "Denny, I hope for your sake that you do a good job." Donna became somber
  as I crawled up the bed and moved my head between her legs.  
I was immediately captured by her strong feminine odor. I nuzzled my face
  between her thighs and focused on her wonderfully scented pussy. I quickly
  found her hot swollen clit and began using my tongue to stimulate her. She
  responded with a low moan, and leaned back on her hands. "Oh God Becky, either
  he is very good at this or I am just overly needy tonight. God it feels good." I
  was encouraged even more by her remarks, and I dipped down further; pushing
  my tongue into her gushing pussy. Her juices flowed into my mouth as I greedily
  licked and sucked her pussy and clit. Her erotic musky flavor stung my taste
  buds. I have always loved the taste of my wife's pussy, but this was excitingly
  different.  
 "Becky, if he keeps this up, I am going to cum. Oh God this feels good." I
  could feel her pussy begin to quiver. "Go right ahead and cum Honey. Cum all
  over his face."  
I lost myself in the taste and smell of Donna's pussy. She finally layed
  down and opened her legs even more. I just had to do one more thing before
  she came. I had to taste her asshole. I was overcome with desire as I snaked
  my tongue down between her ass cheeks. I can't explain it, but there is something
  about a woman's asshole that attracts me. It has an erotic musty flavor that
  excites me beyond belief. I could feel my already hard penis stiffen even more
  as a delicately licked her ass hole. "Oh God, that feels so good. He is a good
  ass licker. But I want to come. Get back to my clit! I am going to cum!" Not
  wanting to disrupt her pleasure I immediately raised my head and obeyed. I
  sucked her clit into my mouth and used my tongue to stimulate it. "Oh God,
  that's it. Oh God! Oh God! I am cuming! Ahhhhhhh! Oh suck it! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" This
  went on for a few moments as she grabbed my head and pulled me tightly to her
  pussy. Finally, her orgasm subsided and she let go of my head.  
I continued to worship her succulent pussy and asshole while she regained
  her composure. I licked up all of her discharge and she finally pushed my head
  away. "God Becky, that was great. That felt so good. I have not cum like that
  for a long time." My bulging erection was now very noticeable and I had leaked
  precum all over the front of my panties. "I think you enjoyed it to, didn't
  you Denny? I think he is ready to cum too." Oh please let me cum, I thought
  as they both stared at me.  
"Pull you panties down Denny. Let us see how swollen you are." I could feel
  my face burning with embarrassment as I slipped my fingers into the waistband
  of my panties. I wanted to cum so badly. Donna's eyes widened as I lowered
  my panties and exposed my bulging penis. "How long did you say it has been
  since you let him cum Becky?" She actually reached out her hand to touch my
  penis. "It has been 23 days. I think this is the longest he has gone." Donna
  used the tips of her fingers to lightly massage the head of my penis. Then
  she put her hand around my shaft. "God he is hard Becky. I think we should
  let him cum." The touch of her fingers was driving me crazy with desire. I
  looked down to see the precum oozing from my piss slit. "Look at this Becky.
  He is almost cuming now." She squeezed her hand around the base of my cock
  and pulled upward to force the precum out of my piss slit. "Now don't let that
  go to waste Donna. Catch it with your finger and make him eat it. He likes
  to eat his own cum." I felt my face burn with shame as Donna scooted forward
  so she could get both hands to my cock. She put her other hand at the base
  of my cock and squeezed upward again. At the same time she used her fingers
  to catch the bead of precum before it ran onto her hand. She looked into my
  face as she brought her slimy fingers to my mouth.  
I could feel the burning in my face as I opened my mouth to accept her fingers.
  My precum has a sweet taste, and I have learned to enjoy it. She used her hand
  one more time to extract another dollop of precum for me to eat as they both
  watched. "How do you let him cum Becky? Does he just jack off in front of you?
  Do you jack him off?" Becky quickly interrupted her. "Oh no Honey, I never
  jack him off. He always does it himself. Sometimes I make him put a pair of
  my dirty panties over his face while he does it. Sometimes he has to suck my
  toes while he does it. I might make him eat my asshole. Just what ever turns
  me on."  
"You decide tonight Donna. I want you to make the decision." I had never
  been so humiliated in all of my life. Yet my penis was still rock hard as Donna
  continued to lightly stroke it. Her teasing was driving me crazy with desire.
  Finally she sat back and folded her arms in deep thought. "Let me see. What
  would I like to see?" Suddenly her face lit up. "I know what. Becky, I want
  to sit on the pot while he licks my pussy and ass hole again. Then, if he does
  a good job, I will let him jackoff . I have a condom in my pocket book. I want
  him to wear it while he jacks off." Becky gave her a puzzled look. "I have
  always wanted to see a guy eat cum from a condom." I suddenly felt my penis
  contract as I pondered the humiliating situation I would soon be in.  
Donna got up from the bed and went out of the room. She was back in a few
  moments with a plastic condom package. "Donna, you are kinkier that I thought
  you were. This is a great idea." Becky got up from the bed and pointed to the
  door. "Ok Denny, you know where to go." I quickly moved my naked frame from
  the bed and led the way to my room. I could feel their eyes on my ass I walked
  down the hallway. My penis was no longer rigid, as it danced in front of me.
  But I knew it would not take much more stimulation.  
Within moments I was kneeling at the pot kissing the seat as I must always
  do. Then I turned and kissed Donna's hairy pussy. She turned and bent forward
  to allow me access to her ass. As I moved forward to kiss her cheeks, she used
  her hands to spread them. The sight of her asshole once again excited me. I
  quickly put my lips to her most intimate spot and gently kissed her. Then I
  moved down on my back and inserted my head into the hole. Donna quickly guided
  her beautiful behind down on the seat. My nostrils were again filled with her
  feminine odor, I could feel my penis respond.  
I could hear Donna tearing the condom package in two. She bent forward and
  pushed the condom onto the head of my erect penis. "There we go. Now we won't
  lose a drop." Becky laughed as Donna rolled the condom all the way down my
  shaft. "Now let the show begin. Denny, you can start licking my ass hole." I
  needed no encouragement to pu my lips to her beautifully puckered rectum. I
  pushed my tongue against it and gently massaged her openning. The acrid flavor
  of her ass hole was driving me crazy with desire. After a few moments, I thought
  my cock would burst.  
"Denny, I think I might have to piss again. Open your mouth and get ready." I
  quickly moved down a little and positioned my open mouth directly below Donna's
  pussy. I could already see droplets of piss forming on her pee hole. She wasted
  no time in opening her bladder. The stream of piss quickly filled my mouth. "Yes,
  that feels much better. Now swallow and lick me dry Denny, so we can let you
  finish." As I licked the remaining drops of piss from her pussy I could taste
  the creamy discharge from her vagina. She was ready to cum again. "Ok Denny,
  you lick my clit. Lick it until I cum. Then you can jack off. OK?" I quickly
  answered in the affirmative before I began sucking her clit into my mouth.
  I wanted to make her cum as soon as possible. Her clit was swollen even more
  that the first time, and her juices flowed into my mouth as I stimulated her
  to another orgasm. "Oh God. That's it! That's it! Keep sucking. Yes, keep sucking!
  Oh! Ooooooooooooh. Oh God!" Donna leaned forward as she came. Her pussy was
  just out of reach of my tongue, so I watched intently as she brought her finger
  to her clit and rubbed it to a final climax. "Oh God, that was good!" I waited
  patiently as she recovered from her cum.  
"Ok Denny, now you can jack off." I had a sudden rush of excitement as I
  quickly used my right hand to stimulate my erect penis. Donna settled back
  on to the seat and allowed me access to her creamy pussy and asshole. I began
  licking her asshole as I masturbated myself. Within s few seconds, the taste
  of her asshole and the physical contact with my penis brought me to a jolting
  orgasm. 23 days of denial and I could feel the cum shoot from my cock head
  and into the condom. I knew the condom would be full. "Look at that Becky.
  It is a good thing I put a condom on him; its even starting to run down the
  sides." I lost track of how many times I shot. It felt so good to cum. I finally
  laid still with my nose sticking in her asshole and my mouth open just below
  her pussy.  
"That's a good boy." Donna began rising off of the seat. "You can come out
  now Denny. I slowly pushed my body away from the pot as I pulled my head out
  of the opening. I immediately looked down at my shrinking penis. The end of
  the condom was hanging down a few inches, and it was filled with my cum. There
  was so much cum it felt like a weight hanging from the end. "Sit on the pot
  Denny. Sit on the pot and take it off. The condom Denny, take it off." I sat
  down on the pot looking at the condom hanging from my now flaccid penis. I
  also felt my face flush with embarrassment as I sat there with two women starring
  at me. "Take if off Denny. It is time for you to show us what boys like you
  do with all that nasty cum." They both snickered as I began rolling the condom
  down my penis. "Make sure you get it all Denny. Use your hand to make sure
  all of the cum is squeezed out of your cock." It was now more embarrassing
  than ever as they hovered over me, watching my every move. "You know what to
  do Denny." As the opening of the condom moved over the head of my penis, I
  squeezed forward with my hand to reveal another glob of sperm oozing out of
  my cock head. "Don't waste any Denny. Let it drip into the condom." My face
  burned even more as I watched the last drop of cum drip into the condom. I
  held it up to show them the enormous amount of cum floating inside. I don't
  think I had ever shot so much cum.  
"Good boy Denny. Now, put the opening to your mouth Denny. Open it up so
  you can see the cum." There seemed to be no ending to my humiliation. I squeezed
  the nipple end of the condom with my left index finger and thumb, and pulled
  it up until it was below parallel. With the opening of the condom near my mouth,
  I now had it in a position to empty the contents. As the openning began to
  unfold I could smell the familiar scent of my sperm. Becky had made me eat
  my cum many times, but never in front of someone else, and never out of condom.
  I felt like a cheap queer.  
"That's it Denny. Open your mouth and let us see your cum drip onto your
  tongue first." I wanted to get it over with as soon as possible, so I did as
  Donna instructed. I watched closely as I raised the nipple end higher that
  the opening. My sperm began to flow out and onto my tongue. "This is so exciting
  Becky. Look at all that gooey cum. Don't waste it!" I lowered my tongue into
  my mouth so that my cum would not flow over the side. My taste buds were filled
  with the flavor of my spunk. It was all I could smell or taste. "Squeeze it
  all out Denny. Squeeze it all out. Don't waste a drop." My face glowed with
  embarrassment as I pushed all of the cum from the condom into my mouth. I squeezed
  it several times to make sure it was empty. "Good boy. Now open wide so we
  can see all of your dirty cum in there." I opened my mouth widely as my face
  burned even more. "Now Denny, swallow it. Swallow you dirty cum Denny. Swallow
  it while Donna watches." I almost gagged as I swallowed the largest amount
  of cum I had ever swallowed. My humiliation was complete.  
I spent the rest of the evening cleaning up and fixing drinks for Becky and
  Donna. When Donna finally left, Becky made me eat her pussy until she came.
  I had a feeling I would be seeing more of Donna.  
Chapter 5 The first Time  
Becky was in and out the rest of the weekend. Except for an occasional tease
  session, she pretty much ignored me. Becky delights in teasing me to the point
  that I want to cum. Then she backs off and ignores me. On Sunday evening, she
  made me bring her to two orgasms. She had started her period and her flow is
  heavy the first few days. Needless to say, that did not stop her from demanding
  my oral servitude. I have gotten used to the taste, and I enjoy having her
  humiliate me in that way. Before she retired Sunday evening, she prepared me
  for what would happen in the coming week.  
"I will be very busy this week entertaining a new client. You keep this place
  spotless, in case I decide to bring him home one evening." It was becoming
  obvious that Becky wanted to expand her horizons. I imagined that she was going
  to have sex with the new client. However, I loved Becky and I wanted to serve
  her, so I knew I would have to endure the consequences of her desires.  
Monday evening was very demanding for me. Becky made me eat her pussy while
  she was having dinner. Sometimes she likes me to lick her under the table for
  long periods of time. It is a very awkward position for me, and I try not to
  complain. She made me change her tampon 3 times Wednesday evening. She does
  so in the most humiliating of ways, usually while she sits on our special pot.
  She became very difficult and verbally abused to me all evening. I also had
  to give her head before she went to serve her orally before she went to sleep.  
By the end of the week Becky was in a little better mood after she came home
  from working late, which she never does Friday. But it was obvious that her
  mind was on the new client. "John may be willing to spend a lot of money with
  my firm, and I don't want to lose him. This is very important to me Denny,
  so I will probably spend the weekend with him." I immediately felt hurt by
  what she said, but not shocked. I wondered if she was already having sex with
  him. Maybe that is why she was so late. I was having jealous feelings, but
  I still loved her. She did not even seem concerned about me knowing. It was
  as if I was one of her girl friends.  
She finally approached me and put her hand on my shoulder. "Denny, I think
  you may be having a hard time with this. You must understand that I still love
  you." She paused for a moment. "But I have my career, and I have other interests." She
  walked to the bar and poured herself a Brandy. " I have a friend that can help
  you understand. Denny, one of the lawyers at the firm wants to use you this
  weekend." I got a sudden ill feeling in the pit of my stomach. Surely, she
  has not told someone else about me. 'Who&hellip;a who&hellip; a who is it ma'am?'
  I could hardly get the words out, and she could tell that I was upset. "Now
  Denny, you know I would not do anything to&hellip; to upset you unless it was
  important to me. And this is important to me. You remember Hilda, don't you?"  
I thought to myself&hellip; Hilda. Hilda never seemed to have an interest
  in men. 'Yes ma'am, I remember. Does she&hellip;does she know&hellip;about&hellip;about
  me?' Becky looked right in my eyes. "Denny, I am in charge of our relationship.
  And I will tell anyone I please about you or anything else I decide to share
  with him or her. Hilda is a good friend of mine and we have confided about
  many things over the years. And she has done the same with me. I owe her many
  favors." I could tell by the tone of her voice that my fate was sealed. I was
  going to Hilda's apartment. "As you know, Hilda has never married, but she
  has dated many men. She has become very knowledgeable about men and what they
  can be&hellip; well, what they can be used for. She is not interested in developing
  a long-term relationship with any man. You will meet her needs quite adequately.
  Plus, there is nothing for you to do here this weekend." She came close to
  me again, put her hands on my shoulders, and kissed me on the forehead. "Denny,
  she can help you. She can help you understand our relationship better. I am
  growing Denny, and you must learn to grow with me." She kissed me again.  
"Denny, it is getting late and I am ready for bed. Go get it ready for me,
  and prepare yourself as usual. I want you." I quickly got her bed ready and
  took my place on my knees at the side of the bed. I could feel the stirring
  in my balls and I knew I would have to eat her pussy until she came. Then,
  maybe she would let me cum. She entered the room and sat down on the bed as
  usual, and I began removing her clothes. Becky always wears a garter belt and
  stockings. I think she likes the way men react to them. I first removed her
  high heels and began messaging her feet. Within a few moments my penis began
  to swell as I inhaled the wonderful scent of her feet. "That is enough Denny.
  Remove my stockings and my skirt." Becky laid back and raised her ass up so
  I could remove her short skirt. I noticed the strong feminine scent emanating
  from her pantied crotch. It seemed much stronger that usual, yet extremely
  erotic. My penis was now fully erect, and I had not even touched or seen her
  pussy. "Now take off my blouse Denny and my bra." I quickly stood up and did
  as she instructed. It was unusual for her to be this way. Normally she would
  not say anything. She would just make me eat her pussy until she came. I returned
  to my knees after I removed her bra. She looked so sexy laying there with her
  legs spread, rubbing her breasts. "Worship my legs Denny. Kiss them and message
  them. Make me feel good Denny."  
I was so excited to hear Becky talk this way. As I kissed my way up to her
  panties, I noticed how wet she was, even through her panties. They were not
  only wet, they appeared to be slimy. The scent of her sex was intoxicating.
  I had never seen her so&hellip; so sexed. "Denny, I want you to put you nose
  in my panties. Denny, put you nose up against my panties. Smell how hot I am." I
  quickly pushed my nose to her panty crotch. That's when I noticed something
  different.  
I love the smell of Becky's pussy at the end of the day, particularly when
  she has been very busy. Her panties have a sweaty, urine smell that drives
  me crazy. She will have a stronger feminine smell like tonight. But, I also
  noticed something different. It had a smell almost like bleach or ammonia.
  That's when it occurred to me, that semen has a small amount of chlorine in
  it. I pulled my nose away and looked closely at the material of panty crotch.
  Oh my God, I thought. It is semen. Her panties are slimy because they are soaked
  with semen.  
"Denny, suck my panties. Suck them." I hesitated because I knew what it was. "Denny!" This
  time her voice was more demanding. "Denny, I told you to suck the crotch of
  my panties." I looked up to see the firm look in Becky's face. "Suck them Denny!" I
  looked again at the slimy residue on Becky's panties. 'But ma'am, do I have
  to?' "Do it Denny. Do it now!" I closed my eyes and put my mouth over the crotch
  of Becky's panties. In an instant, I imagined what she had done that night.
  How many times? Did he have a big cock? How much did he shoot into her? I felt
  more so humiliated. "Suck them Denny. Suck them clean." I had tasted my own
  cum many times, but never any one else's. As I brought the material into my
  mouth, I was amazed at how much had clung to the crotch. I sucked it into my
  mouth and swallowed it. "Take them off Denny." Becky raised her ass up enough
  for me to remove her panties. "Now clean them Denny. Clean them good." I had
  done this many times, but not when they were soaked with cum, a man's cum.  
I pushed the crotch of Beck's panties into my mouth and sucked on them until
  she told me to stop. "That's good Denny, but you are not finished." Becky spread
  her legs wide as I placed her panties on the floor. I looked up to see her
  pussy spread open. To my surprise there was more. Oh my God! There was cum
  leaking out of her pussy. "Clean it Denny. Clean it!" I moved forward until
  my chin was on the bed and my mouth was almost on her pussy. I could smell
  it. I could smell his cum. I closed my eyes, put my mouth over her swollen
  lips, and sucked the residue into my mouth. Oddly enough, it did not taste
  bad. I guess it was the mixture of Becky's sweat and Becky's cum that made
  it tolerable. The thought of eating another man's cum should have made me sick,
  but it did not. Becky took my head, pulled it into her pussy, and rode me to
  two orgasms. Then she rolled over and went to sleep. She never said a thing.
  She knew I would do it without question.  
The next morning was rushed. Becky made me clean the house up after I fixed
  her breakfast. I did not have much time to think about Hilda, but she was still
  in the back of my mind, and I was growing more nervous about it as the morning
  past. "Hurry Denny. I do not want you being late getting to Hilda's apartment.
  She is a person of great precision. You will find that out soon enough." I
  quickly finished my chores and jumped in the shower. As I was drying off, Becky
  came in and sat down on my bed. She was still in her nightgown, and it rode
  up her legs as she sat down. "Come her Denny, I want to give you some instruction." I
  quickly got to my knees before her with my head bowed.  
Becky spread her legs and used her finger to stimulate her clit as she began
  talking. Her heady sexual aroma was strong in the air. "You will do everything
  Hilda tells you do. Everything; do you understand Denny?" I naturally nodded
  my head up and down. "That's a good boy. Hilda can be very demanding Denny.
  I suggest you be on your best behavior. I have heard her remark about some
  of the things she would like to do to a man." Her voice became very soft. "I
  think you need to prepare yourself for a challenging day Denny." Becky rose
  from the bed and stood so that her pubic hair was brushing my nose. It had
  been almost a week since she had allowed me to cum, so y penis quickly sprang
  to attention as I inhaled her magnificent odor. "Do you understand Denny?" I
  nodded my head again. "Good. Now, I want you to get dressed. Put on a pair
  of white thong panties, the skimpy ones that are almost transparent. And the
  white garter belt and hose." These were the ones I liked wearing the most for
  Becky.  
"You can put your pants over them. Nobody will notice when you go into her
  building." She stood back and pointed to my dresser. "Hurry Denny, you don't
  want to be late." I quickly fumbled through my dresser and found the things
  she told me to get. I usually feel a twinge of excitement when she makes me
  wear things like that for her, but this was different. Becky was standing by
  the back door, as I got ready to leave. She would only allow me to leave and
  enter through the back door unless I am with her. It is to remind me of my
  servant status. Within minutes I was in my old car driving to Hilda's apartment
  wondering what was in store for me.  
6. Hilda  
I arrived a few minutes early, so I waited. I remembered what Becky had said
  about Hilda being very precise. I waited until exactly 12:00, and then I knocked
  on the door. I could hear footsteps, and then the door opened. "Well don't
  just stand there, get in here. Get into the guest room and get out of those
  clothes. " She pointed her finger angrily as I hurried to the guest room. I
  could feel my face burning with embarrassment as she watched me undress. Hilda
  was a good-looking woman. She appeared to be in her mid to late 40s. She was
  approximately 5'6" tall, and well built. She wore a short housedress that barely
  covered the tops of her well shaped legs.  
A smile formed on her face as I lowered my pants exposing my wispy white
  panties and garter belt. "Very nice, I like those." My face burned even more
  as I stepped out of my pants and stood before her in my white feminine attire. "That
  will do nicely. Turn around. I want to see your ass." I felt very humiliated
  as I turned to expose my panty-covered ass. Hilda looked me up and down. She
  began to snicker, as she knew how humiliated I must feel.  
"Follow me into the kitchen and I we will begin." Hilda instructed me for
  several minutes explaining what she wanted me to do, mostly household chores,
  but nothing that seemed to me to be very time-consuming. "I will be working
  at my computer. Before you begin your chores, I want a cup of tea." I prepared
  it and took it to her. She brought the cup to her lips as she turned in her
  chair and looked up at me. "Denny, there is something else I want you to do
  first. Message my feet. I understand you are good at that. And I want the full
  treatment too." Becky usually either makes me eat her pussy or teases me with
  it when I massage her feet. I could feel that familiar stirring in my balls
  as I sank to my knees in front of her. Would I be allowed to serve Hilda? I
  carefully grasped her right foot and began massaging it. "Oh yes, that feels
  good. Do the other one." I did the same with her other foot. "Denny, remember,
  I want the full treatment." I slowly lowered my head and placed my lips on
  her foot. I enjoyed the unwashed odor of Hilda's feet, a scent that always
  excites me. I could feel my penis began to stiffen, as I pampered Hilda's feet.  
"Oh yes Denny. That is good. Lick between my toes." One by one I licked the
  space between her toes. The salty taste of her sweaty skin excited me even
  more. After a few minutes of this, Hilda moved her ass forward in the chair
  and placed her feet on my shoulders on either side of my neck.  
 "My legs Denny, worship my legs." I turned my head and began kissing her
  legs. They were smooth as silk. I worked my way up to her knees, fearful of
  going any further without permission. Hilda spread her legs wider exposing
  her bare crotch. A light feminine scent began to fill the air. I boldly moved
  closer and began kissing her thighs. She responded by spreading her legs further
  apart and exposing her pussy. God, what a beautiful sight it was. Her pubic
  hair was long, but well trimmed. Her moist swollen clit protruded from her
  pussy mound. Her pussy lips were larger than any I had ever seen. I could hardly
  take my eyes off them. I kissed her thighs softly as her erotic feminine scent
  grew stronger. I could feel my penis stiffen and my balls swell with excitement.  
"That's good Denny. Oh yes, that is real good." Hilda brought her hand down
  to her pussy as she spoke and used her fingers to massage her clit. 'Miss Hilda,
  I would be more than happy to&hellip; to help you with that.' Her eyes remained
  closed as she continued to finger her pussy and play with her clit. It suddenly
  occurred to me that she was probably used to doing this in front of the computer.
  Being single and not dating much, she probably masturbated a lot and imagined
  someone like me attending to her needs. "No Denny, not yet. You are not worth
  yet." She opened her eyes and looked down at me. She knew I was dying to eat
  her pussy. "Do you like to smell me Denny?" I nodded my head immediately. "Is
  your cock getting hard Denny?" I looked down at my stiff penis almost visible
  through the shear material of my panties. In all of the excitement, I had forgotten
  how I was dressed, and how humiliated I must look. 'Yes ma'am, it is hard." Hilda
  pulled herself back up on the chair, but kept her legs spread wide.  
"Denny, I want you to stand up so I can see you." I slowly rose to a standing
  position in front of her. My penis was so hard; the head was protruding from
  the top of my thong panties. "Oh yes, it is hard. Come closer Denny." I moved
  toward her slowly, cautiously, not knowing what she had in mind. "Closer Denny,
  I want to see it closer." It suddenly occurred to me that she had probably
  not seen very many naked men, and she was probably very curious. Her eyes seemed
  fixed on my penis as I moved closer. She turned in her chair so that her face
  was only inches from my panty covered cock and balls. To my surprise she leaned
  forward and began to blow on me. "Does that feel good Denny? Do you like that?" I
  was so excited that I inadvertently contracted my muscles, making my penis
  twitch several times. 'Yes&hellip; a yes ma'am&hellip; it does feel good.'  
"Pull you panties down Denny. Pull them down so I can see it better." I put
  my fingers in the waistband of my panties and pulled them down below my balls.
  Of course, my penis sprang forward and almost touched her lips as I raised
  back up. Her eyes were still fixed on my penis. She raised her right hand and
  gently placed her fingers on my shaft. God, it felt so good. I could feel the
  tension in my balls, and I just knew that any second the precum would start
  forming on the end. Then she brought her left hand up and cupped my balls as
  she continued to stroke me with her right hand. The feeling was unbelievable.
  I looked down again to see a tiny bead of precum forming on my slit. She was
  driving me into a sexual frenzy.  
"Denny, they tell me that precum has a sweet taste to it. Does it?" I did
  not know what to say. "Tell me Denny. I know you have tasted yours. Becky has
  told me all about you. Tell me Denny." I could feel my face redden as she looked
  up at me. 'Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am, it does.' Hilda put her fingers all around
  the base of my cock and slowly squeezed it while she pulled my foreskin up
  to the head of my penis. A large volume of precum was now standing on the tip
  of my penis. Before it had a chance to drip off, Hilda opened her mouth and
  extended her tongue. Then I felt her wet warm tongue on the head of my penis.
  The feeling was magnificent. Then, she removed her hand from my penis, put
  her lips on the head, and took it into her mouth. Within a few seconds, my
  entire penis was in her mouth. I became so excited I was afraid that I would
  ejaculate in her mouth. Hilda opened her eyes and looked into mine as she moved
  her tongue around the head of my rock hard penis.  
"You like that Denny. Don't you?" I was fighting hard not to ejaculate. I
  knew she may not like it. 'Yes ma'am&hellip;yes ma'am&hellip; it&hellip;it
  feels very good ma'am. Then she abruptly stopped and pulled away from my penis. "That's
  enough fun for you Denny. You are not worth yet. Do you understand me Denny?" I
  should have known that she was only teasing me and using me for her own desire,
  for her own curiosity. 'Yes ma'am, I understand.' Hilda pointed to the floor
  in front of her and I quickly got back to my knees. "You may continue Denny." I
  moved forward and pressed my lips to her inner thigh. Her feminine odor was
  even stronger than before. She brought her finger again to her pussy and began
  rubbing her wet pussy. Her legs spread even wider as she manipulated her swollen
  sex. I again noticed how large her clitoris had become.  
"See how wet I am Denny? Oh yes, I am so wet. I need to cum real bad Denny.
  You don't mind if I cum, do you?" I did not say anything as Hilda continued
  to rub her fingers over her swollen clit. The discharge from her pussy was
  dripping from her vagina and running down the crack of her ass. "Oh yes Denny,
  I am going to cum. Oh God! Keep kissing my legs Denny. Worship them. Imagine
  you are licking my pussy. Oh Yes! Worship me Denny." Hilda's voice was beginning
  to shake. The smell of her sex was strong in the air, and her body was beginning
  to quiver. Then she stiffened. "Oh Yes, Oh my God. Oh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I
  could tell that she had cum. I looked down at my rock hard cock and wanted
  so badly to touch myself and make me cum. However, I knew that she would not
  allow that. Her orgasm finally subsided and she rested there for several moments
  with her legs spread and my nose only inches from her fragrant sexy pussy.  
Finally she spoke. "That will be all for now Denny. You will go to work now." She
  pushed her chair away from me and closed her legs. "I expect you to do a good
  job Denny. I do not tolerate poor quality work. Now go!" I quickly got to my
  feet and went about my chores.  
Chapter 6 The punishment  
Because of my submissive nature, my intimate contact with her had drawn me
  closer, and all I could think about was pleasing her. I went about my chores,
  but my mind was on the beautiful pussy I had just seen and smelled. I wondered
  how it would taste. Would she piss on me? What other things will she want me
  to do? I continued cleaning Hilda's house, hoping she would be pleased and
  allow me to be more intimate with her and allow me to cum.  
When I was finished, I crept slowly into Hilda's study. That was when I first
  noticed "it" in the corner of the room. I guess I had been so attentive to
  Hilda earlier at her computer, that I had not noticed "it". It was a doctor's
  exam table, complete with stirrups. My mind wondered to the many Internet sites
  I had seen. I could feel my balls begin to stir as my imagination went wild.  
'I am finished ma'am. Would you please look to see if my work is pleasing
    to you?' Hilda did not look up, but continued to work at her computer. "I
    don't see how you could possibly be done. I suggest you look over your work
    and report back to me again." I slowly walked out of the study and went back
    through the house again; thinking about the exam table and what she was going
    to use it for. I checked to make sure I had done everything she told me to
    do. I waited for a while and returned again to the study. "I believe I am
    finished ma'am." Hilda slowly turned in her chair and looked at me coldly. "This
    is the second time you have told me this. You had better be telling me the
    truth. If I find that you are lying to me&hellip;you will be punished."  
    
To make a long story short, she was very dissatisfied. Regardless of how
  long I would have toiled, I do not think I could have done a pleasing job for
  her. Either she is impossible to please, or she was looking for a reason to
  punish me. We finished the tour back in the guest room, and Hilda sat down
  to lecture me. I, of course, was on my knees with my head down. "Denny, I have
  something else I want to talk with you about. There is an ulterior reason for
  your being here today. Becky tells me that you have become&hellip; well, undisciplined
  lately. You have been questioning her motives. You have been lax around the
  house, and you lack motivation." Hilda stood up and walked toward the exam
  table. "Becky is not the disciplinary type. She is not that aggressive, at
  least not physically. She prefers to punish the mind, hoping the body will
  follow. I, on the other hand, believe the opposite. After watching you today,
  and knowing what Becky has been telling me, I think you need discipline and
  punishment."  
The room became silent. I was not sure if she was waiting on me to talk,
  or just pausing. "Well Denny, what do you have to say for yourself? " I thought
  for a moment. "I&hellip;I am sorry ma'am. I did not know that I was&hellip;" She
  grabbed my hair and pulled my head toward her. "That is right you little slut.
  You did not know because you have been concerned about your own pleasure, not
  your mistress's pleasure. Well we are going to change that." My face was burning
  with shame and I felt so humiliated. "You have two choices. You can take your
  punishment this weekend from me, apply yourself, learn to be more attentive;
  or you can go back to Becky with my Seal of Disapproval, and she will know
  that you do not care about growing any further in your relationship with her.
  Now, which will it be?" My head was spinning and I was worried more that I
  had ever been about Becky. I wanted to stay with her, to please her. I had
  to prove it to her.  
"I want to stay ma'am. Please let me stay, and help me to be a good&hellip;a
  good&hellip;" She grabbed my hair again and pulled my face upward. "A good
  what? You mean a good slut. That is all men like you are good for." She let
  go of my hair again, and I looked back down. "You stay and take what I give
  you, or you leave now. I don't want to hear you whimpering later about how
  tough it is, or how much I am hurting you." Hilda opened the bottom drawer
  of the exam table and pulled out a box. My eyes widened as she opened it and
  pulled out a leather collar, four leather cuffs, and, among other things, an
  assortment of leather paddles and whips. I had fantasized many times about
  such things, but I never thought it would really happen. "I am going to my
  room for a moment. When I return you will have stripped completely, you will
  have the collar on your neck, and the cuffs on your wrists and ankles. Do you
  see the eyelets on either side of the table?" I looked where she was pointing,
  and sure enough, there were several eyelets on either side. She picked up one
  of the cuffs. "Notice that each of the cuffs has a spring latch attached." I
  quickly realized her purpose. "I suggest you be creative Denny, and present
  yourself properly to me when I return." Then she left the room.  
As soon as Hilda was gone, I stripped off my panties and hose and placed
  the collar around my neck. Becky had never used such things to show her dominance
  over me, but I had always fantasized about them. I could feel the tension in
  my penis and balls as I sat at the end of the table and put the cuffs on my
  wrists and ankles. I lay back on the table. Then I rose up to attach my ankles
  to the eyelets at the bottom of table. Because of their location, my legs hanged
  over the edge of the table, spreading my thighs and fully exposing my penis
  and balls. I lay back down and fumbled with the latches on my wrists, finally
  getting them attached to eyelets on either side of the table. Now my arms were
  hanging slightly downward. I noticed quickly that once the latches were connected
  to the eyelets, it would be very difficult to get them separated without help.
  I fumbled with them for a moment just to see, but I was unable to do it. I
  suddenly felt a distinct loss of control. This was probably the most vulnerable
  I had ever felt. Becky was not her, and I would soon be naked and rendered
  helpless before another woman.  
Fortunately, there was a small pillow under my head and I could raise my
  head a little and look around the room. That is when I noticed the camera in
  the far corner of the room pointed at me. There was a small red light glowing
  on the top. Then Hilda entered the room. She was wearing a skimpy one-piece
  dress that was unbuttoned down past her large breasts. With every step her
  breasts moved about occasionally exposing her oversized nipples. The him of
  her dress barely covered the v of her pussy. " I am impressed Denny. I could
  only nod as I strained my neck to see as much of her as possible. My penis
  began to swell as she moved closer. She checked each of my cuffs to make sure
  I was securely fastened. "That's good. We don't want you moving about." She
  had a leather strip in her hand. "Do you know what this is for Denny?" I shook
  my head from side to side. "It will be used to properly present your balls
  to me. Do you know what that means Denny? Again, I shook my head from side
  to side. "I will show you." Hilda wrapped the cord once around my ball sack
  and penis. Threading it in a half knot, she began to pull it tight. It did
  not hurt at all. In fact, it felt good. Soon my balls where tightly packed
  and pushed upward. My nearly erect penis was pointing up to my naval. "Now
  do you see Denny? Now your balls are presented for punishment."  
I felt a sudden twinge of fear. What did that mean? What would she do? Would
  she really hurt me, or just tease me? Then she reached among the straps and
  paddles I had gotten for her earlier, and retrieved a small leather paddle.
  It was maybe 2 inches wide and 6 inches long, with a small handle. She began
  smacking her palm. "Denny, you have not been a good slut lately. Becky has
  told me that, and I have seen it today for myself. You are not following orders,
  and you have poor attention to detail." She paused as I nervously contemplated
  what she was going to do. "Denny, you know you must me punished. Don't you?" I
  was afraid to answer. "Your balls Denny, your balls need to be disciplined." Then
  with one quick action she raised the paddle and brought it down smartly on
  my balls. 'Ahhhhhhhhh.' The pain shot through my balls. She quickly followed
  with another. 'Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Please stop Ms Hilda.' Then another, just
  as hard as the first two. 'AHHHHHHHHHHHH! The stinging sensation was unbearable. "Denny,
  you must learn to control yourself. I have two more for you." She raised her
  hand again while she was speaking and brought it down even harder. 'AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
  Please stop Ms Hilda, please stop. It hurts so&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
  With no remorse or pity, she brought the fifth on squarely on my burning balls.
  The pain was so intense I could not make a sound. I could feel the tears running
  down my cheek. I laid there with my eyes closed until the stinging began to
  subside.  
"Now that was not so bad, was it Denny?" I was afraid to answer, but I opened
  my eyes and raised my head to look down at what she had done. "Look at how
  red your balls are Denny." Hilda placed her hand under them and pushed upward
  so I could see them. The sight of punished stinging balls was scary. I could
  feel a sick feeling deep in my stomach. "Denny, I want you to remember this
  real well, and to help you remember, I am going to give you 3 more." I looked
  at her in horror. 'Please ma'am, please don't do it again. I can't stand it.'
  Hilda laughed and said, "Denny, yes you can. Remember, you can't get away.
  You don't have any choice." She was right. I didn't. 'But Ms Hilda, I promise
  to do everything you say. "That's enough of your disobedient attitude Denny.
  I told you three more, but you insist upon challenging me. So, we will make
  it 5 more." I laid my head back down and closed my eyes. I felt helpless and
  scared.  
"Denny, I want you to understand that you need this. You not only need it
  Denny, you must ask for it, and you must thank me for it. Do you understand?" I
  swallowed hard not knowing what to say. "Do you understand Denny?" Her voice
  became very demanding. 'Yes ma'am. Yes Ms Hilda.' I was so scared and worried,
  that my voice was breaking up. I wanted to beg her again, but I knew she would
  only make it worse. "Then ask me for it Denny. Ask me to punish your balls
  Denny!" I raised my head again and looked down at my swollen balls. 'Please
  Ms Hilda, please&hellip; please punish me.' I laid my head back again and closed
  my eyes. Within seconds, I heard the sound of her movement and the stinging
  sensation again fired through my groin. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! "Thank
  me Denny." Oh God how could I endure this. 'Thank you ma'am. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!
  Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! I don't know how I made it, but I did. After 5 more smacks,
  I was a mess. My balls felt like they were skinned alive and set on fire. I
  remember lying there for a long time crying and praying that the stinging sensation
  would go away. Finally I opened my eyes, but they were still blurry with tears.
  I could see Hilda standing over me.  
Becky's Slave  
Chapter 7  
Mistress Hilda made me clean the entire apartment again after she punished
  me. I was used to cleaning house, and I felt that I was good at it. Becky had
  inspected my work and told me I did good job most of the time, but Mistress
  Hilda was much more demanding. An hour went by, and she called my name. "Denny,
  get me another cup of tea, and hurry up!" I hurried into the kitchen and started
  water to boil. Then I ran into Miss Hilda's study to get her cup. "I will have
  it ready in just a moment." She ignored me.  
A few minutes later, I brought her the cup of tea and sat it next to her
  computer. "I hope this is ok ma'am." Without looking at me, she brought the
  cup up to her lips to taste it. I could tell by her expression that she was
  not pleased. "Its not hot enough! Get in there and warm it up!" I took the
  cup quickly. "Yes ma'am." I put it in the microwave to warm it up. Then I hurried
  back and placed it by her computer. Without looking at me again, she brought
  the cup to her lips, then backed away quickly. "Now it's too hot!" She ran
  her tongue over her lips. "You burned me! This is too hot!" She turned in her
  chair and looked at me harshly. "Pull your panties down. Pull them down now
  and take them off!" I quickly complied and stood before her. "Now spread your
  legs! Wider!" I spread my legs as wide as I could, wondering what she was going
  to do. I was getting scared.  
"You dumb ass! You burned my lips! Now I am going to burn you." She placed
  the steamy cup between my legs and gradually raised it. I could feel the warmth
  on my dangling cock. I looked down in fear as the heat began to envelope my
  cock and balls. "I am sorry Miss Hilda. Please forgive me!" Suddenly the hot
  liquid touched the head of my cock. The hot burning sensation caused me to
  jump back. "Don't you dare move! You fucked up, and you will be punished." I
  held myself rigid as she brought the cup up again to my cock. I closed my eyes
  and held my breath. The hot liquid burned the end of my cock. I could barely
  stand it. She brought the cup upward and the tea soon touched my balls. I jumped
  again and caused some of the tea to spill on her hand. "Now look what you have
  done." Hilda put the cup down and wiped her hands. Then without warning, she
  slapped my cock hard. I jumped back. "I told you not to move." I quickly got
  back into place, and she smacked my cock again. "You dumb ass. The next time
  I send you for something, you had better get it right." She grabbed my cock
  with her left hand to inspect it. Then she abruptly smacked my balls. I could
  feel a sickness in my stomach as I moved backwards. She pulled me by the cock,
  then smacked my balls again. This time it hurt so bad I bent forward and put
  my hands in front of me. "Turn around and hold you hands up!" I turned and
  held up my hands while she smacked my ass cheeks several times. It felt like
  they were on fire when she stopped. Finally, she sent me to the kitchen again
  to fix her another tea. This time I tasted it to make sure it was not too hot.
  When I returned, Hilda sipped the tea without any comment. I waited until she
  dismissed me.  
Since I had left my panties in the study, I had to continue working just
  in my stockings and garter belt. Within a short while, the stinging sensation
  was gone, and I could feel a soft glow in my ass. My cock and balls were still
  a little sore, but it strangely excited me. I thought about what she had done
  and realized that all during the punishment, I did not even think about trying
  to leave. It did not even occur to me. Becky had not been very big on punishing
  me physically. I guess I knew deep down inside that I needed that, and the
  thought of Miss Hilda punishing me was heavy on my mind. Becky really enjoyed
  humiliating me, and she loved to see me go long periods without cuming, but
  she had not really hurt me. I knew that Hilda was going to hurt me. I suddenly
  became excited thinking about the control Hilda already had over me. Would
  she do this again? Exposed like this in Hilda's apartment added to my level
  of excitement. My cock began to swell as I imagined the scent of her pussy.  
"Denny, get in here!" Her voice startled me and I ran quickly into the study,
  and stood before her. She turned to look at me. "What is this?" She reached
  out and touched my cock with her hand. "What is this I said?" I was afraid
  to answer. "Have you been playing with yourself?" I quickly answered no ma'am. "Then
  what is this? Why are you getting hard?" Her warm hands only excited me more.
  I was scared, yet stimulated in a way that I had never been before. Hilda let
  loose of my cock, and it stuck straight out, not fully erect, but about half
  way. She raised her hand and slapped it lightly. It stung, but not in a bad
  way. "You are not.." She slapped it again. "to get hard&hellip;" She slapped
  it again. "without my&hellip;" Smack! "permission&hellip;" She continued to
  smack it from side to side , alternating between smacks with conversation.
  The intensity of the blows increased each time, but my cock continued to grow.
  Soon I was fully erect.  
She was purposely making me erect so she could punish me for it. "I am giving
  you an order and you are openly defying me. Spread you legs!" I got a sick
  feeling. The last time I had spread my legs, she had slapped my balls. I just
  knew she going to do it again. With my cock standing straight up, my balls
  were an easy target. She quickly swung her open hand up between my legs and
  slapped my balls hard. I bent foreward and almost fell into her. "Get back
  into position! Put your hands behind your back!" No sooner than I complied,
  she did it again. Her open hand seared my balls. My stomach ached from the
  blow. I instinctively brought my hands in front of my body to protect myself. "Don't
  you ever do that again while I am punishing you! Now put your hands behind
  your back and leave them there until I am finished. Do you understand me?" I
  managed to nod my head up and down as I put my hands back behind me. Hilda
  turned and opened her desk drawer, and I became filled with fear. Her drawer
  was full of different punishment devices. Just at a glance, I could see leather
  straps, paddles, and small whips. There were several wooden paddles also. Hilda
  pulled out a wooden paddle about 2 inches wide. It had a number of holes in
  the end, and a leather handle. My heart began to pound. She leaned back in
  her chair and began smacking the paddle in her palm.  
She just starred at me, smacking her palm. I looked at the paddle, thinking
  about what it would feel like. I knew it was going to hurt badly, but deep
  down inside, I wanted Hilda to punish me. I was becoming drawn to this woman.
  I wanted to please her. I remembered what Becky had told me. 'You are in need
  of discipline.' She leaned forward and waved the paddle, only inches from my
  limp cock. "This has only been a sample of what you will get if you disobey
  me. Do you understand Denny?" I looked down at the paddle as she used it to
  nudge my cock and balls. "Yes ma'am. I&hellip;I understand. I will&hellip;I
  will try to obey you ma'am." She began lightly smacking my balls with the paddle.
  I could tell that it would not take much effort with this paddle to set my
  balls on fire. "Try? I suggest you do more than try Denny." She increased the
  intensity of the smacks and my balls began to sting. "Denny, I have been told
  that this is the most dreaded of all my paddles. It burns!" She looked up at
  my face, then leaned back again. "I suggest you go back and finish your work,
  and double check to make sure it is done right." She looked at her watch. "I
  will inspect again in 1 hour. It better look good."  
I hurried out of the room and went over all of the things she had found unsatisfactory.
  I kept watching the clock to make sure I would be finished on time. At the
  last minute, I remembered the bathroom. Hilda had found a watermark on the
  toilet seat. I rushed in to clean it off. As I stood up to take a final look,
  I heard Miss Hilda coming down the hall. "I have to piss." I tried to get out
  of her way when she came through the door. "No, I didn't tell you to go. Get
  back here. Get to your knees in front of me." Miss Hilda was standing in front
  of the toilet with her hands on her hips. "I thought you were trained in proper
  toilet etiquette?" I knew then that Becky had told her about using me as a
  toilet. "Yes ma'am." She pointed at the seat. "Then do it!" I moved around
  her on my hands and knees, and began kissing the toilet seat. "Now raise my
  dress! Do I have to tell you to do everything?" I moved back in front of her
  and raised her short housedress. She sat down and spread her legs. "Get down
  there and worship my feet." I bent down and began kissing and caressing her
  feet. Within a few moments she released her bladder and I could hear that familiar
  sound of pee splashing into the commode. I could feel my cock swelling again.
  The odor of her feet and the faint smell of her piss filled me with excitement.  
When she was done, she stood up and spread her feet wide apart. "I detest
  using toilet paper on my pussy." I quickly raised my head and looked into her
  hairy bush. Her feminine scent was strong. It was like an aphrodisiac. I could
  feel my cock rising again. I put my hand on it to push it down, but it was
  no use. I bent forward and stuck out my tongue. I could see the tiny droplets
  of piss clinging to her hair. I pushed my mouth against her and licked between
  the folds of her pussy. My taste buds were filled with her salty taste. She
  used her hands to spread her pussy. "Get it all. I don't want any piss left
  between my pussy lips." I continued to lick between the folds until she turned
  around. "Spread my ass cheeks and make sure there is not piss on my ass hole.
  I want it cleaned real good." As I spread her cheeks the odor from her ass
  filled my nostrils. It was strong, yet not offensive. I have always been excited
  by the smell of a woman's ass, even when she is not freshly showered. The strong
  musky odor is stimulating. Miss Hilda's was a pleasure to worship. I used my
  tongue to lick the residue from her ass. My cock was fully erect and I could
  not hide my excitement.  
As Miss Hilda turned around, she dropped her dress over my head and stood
  for a moment. She knew she was driving me crazy. I inhaled deeply as the scent
  from her pussy wondered through my head. Finally she moved away, and turned
  to look at me. "You have no control do you? Stand up!" She looked down at my
  rigid cock. A small droplet of precum had formed on my piss slit. She used
  her finger to remove it, and pushed it between my lips. I sucked it off. "You
  will pay for that later, but now we will inspect your work."  
Hilda walked through the apartment checking everything. All the while, she
  carried the paddle, smacking her palm, pointing at what she called demerits.
  My cock continued to deceive me as I followed behind her. Her well-shaped ass
  was a constant stimulus. She berated my work and cursed me. She made me wrote
  on a pad everything she found wrong. As we finished and returned to the study,
  I knew that I was in for more punishment. "It is obvious to me that you will
  need a great deal of training." She picked up the phone and dialed a number. "Hello,
  Becky? Yes, its Hilda&hellip;.Oh yes, I am doing fine. And you?" I could barely
  hear Becky's voice on the other end. "Oh well, that's a different story. He
  is going to need extensive training." They talked for several minutes. I could
  tell that Hilda was less than pleased with me, and it sounded like Becky was
  agreeing with everything she said. "It will take several days, probably till
  the end of the week, Friday or so. No, he won't need anything. If I have to
  take him out, I have some old dresses he can wear." She looked at me coldly. "Have
  you ever thought about starting him on hormones?" My heart began to race. Hormones?
  What is she talking about? "Yes, hormones will help her, I mean him, be a little
  more attentive. It will mellow her out. I mean him. Forgive me, but I think
  you should&hellip;. Oh, ok, well we can wait a while on that. I will send him
  home probably on Friday. By the way, how are things going with John?" John?
  She knows about John. "All the girls say he is hung like stud. He is a real
  man. Not like&hellip;" She turned and looked at me. 'I don't blame you. Well,
  have fun. I am sure you will. Goodbye."  
Hilda pointed at the exam chair. "Get on there!" I reluctantly climbed into
  the chair, my heart thumping. I knew I was in for it. "Without a word she tied
  me securely into the chair, with my cock and balls fully exposed. My legs were
  tied as well, up and out. My ass hole was fully exposed. "I am growing very
  tired of your performance today. I thought you would have done better than
  this. Most of my clients are further along than you when they come to me."  
Hilda used a crop to point at my asshole. "This is your pussy. Anytime you
  refer to it it, you will call it your pussy. Do you understand?" I nodded approval
  as she pointed to my balls and used the crop to smack my cock. This is your
  clit, and these (smacking my balls) are my little play things." She turned
  again to the drawer and pulled out several devices. I recognized one as a butt
  plug, but it had metal leads on it. The other was a long slender tube. I suddenly
  realized what they were. I had seen them on the internet. She had a tens unit.  
She put the butt plug to my lips. "Open wide Denny. Make sure you get it
  real wet." I tried to get as much saliva on it as I could. Becky had fucked
  me a few times with a dildo, but not with anything this big. I flinched in
  pain as she rammed it into my asshole&hellip;my pussy. It took a few moments
  for the pain to subside. Next was the tube. I had never had anything put in
  my dick. She pushed it through my lips to get it wet, then abruptly pulled
  it out and inserted the end in my piss hole. It hurt at first, but soon slid
  in. I felt a sudden surge of pain when the tube found the end of my bladder.
  I watched as she pulled the electrical unit out and turned it on. She hooked
  up the electrodes, and looked at the meter as she slowly tuned the dial. Within
  a few moments I could feel the electrical shocks running through my&hellip;my
  pussy and my clit. She was training me well. I was even beginning to think
  that they were my pussy and my clit.  
"You are feeling a mild dose Denny." She went to her desk and picked up the
  list I had made, and began reading the demerits, one at a time. Each time she
  would read one, she would turn the dial up a notch, and the shock would become
  more intense. By the fourth demerit, I was pleading with her to stop. "Stop?
  No No No! We are not stopping Denny. We are only beginning. This list contains
  15 demerits." She read another, then another, then two more, turning the knob
  each time. I was thrashing about. I knew I could not take much more. I had
  never felt such pain. "AHHHHHHHHHHH!  
AHHHHHHHHHHH!" Finally Miss Hilda tuned the dial down. "You miserable pussy." She
  abruptly removed the butt plug and the tube. I could still feel the vibrations
  in my cock, I mean my clit. It took several moments for me to regain my composure.  
"Denny, we have 7 more demerits." She turned to the drawer again and brought
  out a long strap. It appeared to be 3 inches wide and about 2 foot long. "Yes,
  this is perfect. I am sure you will like this on you clit." My eyes grew wide
  with fear. My clit was already sore from the trashing she had given me earlier. "Please
  ma'am. Please don't. Please do something else." Hilda walked around in front
  of the chair and stood between my legs. "Don't call me ma'am! I am not your
  mother! I am your Mistress! I am tired of your disrespect, and I am adding
  one more demerit." She raised her hand above her head and brought the strap
  down on my cock and balls. "Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh!" Again she did it and again I
  screamed in pain. By the forth stroke, I felt like my balls were on fire. "Please
  ma&hellip;Please Mistress, please stop. I can't stand it." Mistress Hilda applied
  one more blow to my clit, and I screamed in pain.  
"Three more Denny. Three more. Then we are done." She walked back to the
  wall and got a long cane that was hanging on the wall. Oh my God, I thought.
  Not that. "Denny your ass has no markings. I will be the first to mark you." She
  whipped it through the air and it made the sound of a whip. She did it harder,
  studying my face as I watched in fear. "Please Mistress. Please have mercy.
  I will do anything you ask." She whished it through the air again and laughed. "Denny.
  Denny. Denny. When are you going to learn? I enjoy hearing you beg, but you
  should know by now that begging will not stop me." After several more swishes
  through the air, she landed the first cutting blow. I screamed in pain, as
  it felt like she was cutting me in two. She did a few more through the air,
  scaring me each time. Then the second one came. I thought I would die. The
  pain shot through me like a bolt of electricity and I screamed in agony. I
  felt like my ass was on fire. She bent forward to look closely at my ass. "Very
  good. I like these. I hope Becky does too." She swished it through the air
  several more times. "One more." The pain shot through me a third time. I tried
  to scream and could not. I opened my mouth but nothing came out. I could not
  breath or say a word. It took several minutes to regain my composure, but the
  pain was still there.  
Mistress Hilda left the room and came back a few minutes later with a camera.
  She took several shots of me, and one close-up of my ass. "These will be a
  reminder to you." I can't remember how long she kept me bound to the chair.
  She came in once and put an antiseptic on my ass, and it stung so bad I screamed.
  She ignored me and went on about her business.  
"I am getting hungry. With all this activity I have worked up an appetite." As
  Mistress Hilda unbound me she gave me orders for the rest of the day, which
  included fixing dinner, and making her a bath later on. "Your training will
  begin early in the morning, so I suggest you follow your orders to the T this
  evening if you expect to get any sleep."  
The rest of the day went much better. She appeared to like the dinner I served
  her. "You can fix my bath now. There are instructions on the counter." She
  looked at me harshly. "I expect my bath water to be at the desired temperature." By
  now, my ass had stopped throbbing, but it was still sore, and I knew that I
  would not be sitting comfortably for a few days. I followed Mistress Hilda
  to her bedroom to start her bath.  
"Hurry and get it started. I have something for you to do." I quickly started
  her bath and returned to the bedroom, not wanting to make her angry again. "Help
  me out of my dress." For the first time in several hours I felt a surge of
  excitement. I would get to see her naked. I walked behind her and pulled the
  dress up over her head. I could not help but notice her full firm breasts.
  They were beautiful for a woman her age. "Get to your knees fool. You should
  always be on your knees when I am naked. Get my bath ready, and then come to
  me." My cock began to swell as I fantasized about what she would make me do.
  I adjusted the water so it would be the proper temperature and crawled on my
  hands and knees to the bedroom. I kept my eyes low, so as not to make her angry.
  I could see her feet dangling from the side of the bed.  
"I want my toes cleaned." I took each foot into my hands and gently sucked
  on each of her toes. The acrid taste excited me. I could tell she had not bathed
  all day. I licked between them as well. After Mistress Hilda was satisfied
  with that, she rolled over on her stomach and pointed to her ass cheeks. "Worship
  my ass!" I crawled up in the bed to comply. It made me feel special, and my
  cock immediately began to swell. It had been several days since I had been
  allowed to cum. I was not sure how she wanted me to proceed, so I began gently
  kissing her as cheeks. She began to moan slightly and spread her legs. Her
  musty scent filled my nostrils. I kissed lower between her legs and nuzzled
  my nose between her ass cheeks. Her intoxicating aroma became stronger. My
  cock sprang to attention. She tuned her head to the side. "Lick it. Lick my
  ass hole." I quickly spread her asscheeks and ran my tongue along her ass hole.
  Her musty taste excited me even more. I kissed and licked her ass hole for
  several minutes. I even tried to insert my tongue in her hole. I licked it
  until she was satisfied.  
Soon she got up and sat in the middle of the bed. I was in awe of her beautiful
  body, and I was completely under her spell. "Lay down on your back. I quickly
  laid down with my head near her curled up legs. She got up on all fours and
  straddled my head. "Eat my pussy and make me cum." Then she lowered herself
  onto my mouth and rested her asshole on my nose. I could barely breath, but
  I went to work immediately with my tongue. Her juices were flowing into my
  mouth so fast I could barely swallow them all. She tasted wonderfully exciting.
  I have always loved the taste of an unclean pussy, matted with dried piss and
  girl cum. She knew how excited I was, and she would occasionally tease my cock.
  I could feel it throbbing as she squeezed it in her hands. "You pathetic slut.
  Look at how hard you clit is. But, this is all you are good for, licking pussy
  and ass hole." For the next half an hour she rode my face until she burst into
  orgasm. She ran her fingernails into my chest as she spayed her cum down my
  throat. Finally she got up and walked into the bathroom. "Get your ass in her.
  Your bath training will begin."  
Mistress Hilda taught me how to properly give her a bath and pat her dry.
  By the time we were done, it was late and she told me to clean the bathroom.
  After that, she taught me how to get her ready for bed. "By the end of the
  week you will be able to tend to all of my needs. I expect you to get up 1
  hour before I do each morning and fix my breakfast. There is a schedule in
  the kitchen that will tell you exactly what to fix." Mistress Hilda showed
  me where I would sleep on the floor beside of her bed. "Before you lie down
  I want you to go into my closet and get a pair of my dirty panties from my
  panty hamper, the dirtiest you can find." I quickly ran to the closet and rummaged
  through the hamper. I found what I think she was referring to. It was a pair
  of pink panties heavily stained. She must have worn them for a couple of days.
  I returned immediately and presented them to her. "Put them over your face.
  You will sleep with your nose in the crotch piece. Put them on now." I felt
  humiliated as I put her panties over my face. But as soon as my nose touched
  the crotch, her scent filled my nostrils. My cock began to swell again. "You
  will lay in the floor all night with the panties over your face, and you will
  not play with yourself. Is that clear?" I looked at Mistress Hilda though the
  leg holes of the panties and nodded. "Don't you dare defy me Denny, or I will
  punish you severely." She read for a while and then turned off the light as
  if I was not there. It took me a long time to fall asleep. I wanted to masturbate
  so badly, and the panties kept me in a constant state of sexual need.  
I awoke suddenly the next morning as the alarm on here night stand went off.
  It buzzed for only a few moments, and then went off. II quickly rose up and
  crept out of the room. Suddenly Mistress Hilda's voice rang out. "Leave those
  panties on your head boy!" I had already started to pull them off. The tone
  of her voice scared me and I immediately pulled them back in place. Her scent
  was still noticeable as I took a deep breath and closed the bedroom door behind
  me. Within a few moments my cock was no longer dangling between my legs. The
  soft feel of the satin on my face and the faint scent of Miss Hilda's pussy
  was exciting me. I struggled not to touch my cock. I wanted to cum so badly.  
I followed the instruction Miss Hilda had left, and prepared her a nice breakfast.
  At the proper time I crept into the bed room and gently woke Miss Hilda. "Mistress,
  you breakfast is ready." I sank to my knees beside of the bed as Mistress raised
  up and pulled the covers to the side, sitting with her legs hanging over the
  side of the bed. Her legs were spread wide, and I could see her beautiful clit
  peaking out of her hairy bush. "I have to piss." She pushed herself forward
  until her feet were on the floor, and she spread her legs again. "Get you face
  down here, and don't let a drop go to waste." I pulled on my face to one side
  and bent down to cover her pussy with my mouth. She quickly let go of her bladder,
  and a thick load of morning piss sprayed into my mouth. It was very strong
  and salty. My nostrils were permeated with the taste of her piss. I swallowed
  hard trying to get every drop. Not because I savored it by any means, but because
  I was fearful of what she would do if I let it fall to the floor. When she
  finally let the last stream go down my throat, I licked her dry.  
"Get my hair brush and brush my hair." I ran to the dresser and found her
  brush. I sat on the edge of the bed, and she turned as I gently brushed her
  hair. Becky made me do this several times a week, so I was good at it. The
  taste of her piss was still very strong in my mouth. But as I brushed her hair
  and looked over her shoulders, the site of her almost perfect breasts excited
  me very much. My cock was sticking straight up, and I had to catch the precum
  twice while I brushed her hair. "My robe, get my robe!" I got up and quickly
  returned with her robe, holding it open so she could get in it. She did so
  without looking at me. She simply walked out of the room and into the kitchen
  as if I was not there. She had a way of ignoring me that excited me ever more.
  I was becoming obsessed with pleasing her.  
To be continued in Chapter 8  
Complete Surrender   
Chapter 8   
When morning arrived I rose first and fixed breakfast for Mistress Hilda.
  She made me lie on the floor and worship her feet while she had her meal. When
  she was done, she raked what was left on her plate into the floor for me to
  eat. Mistress read the paper and lounged around while I cleaned the kitchen
  and made up her bed. I reported to Mistress Hilda as soon as I was finished,
  hoping to find her pleased with my work. I knelt before her on my knees with
  my nose at her feet. "As you have probably figured out Denny, I am a 'professional
  trainer'. I have been doing this for years. I take submissives like you and
  mold them, polish them, make them more presentable and accountable to their
  master or mistress. I train males and females. It does not matter to me. I
  find what their superiors expect in a slave, add a few of my own qualities,
  then send them back home." Mistress got up and began walking about the room.
  She had a long cane like the one she had used on me the day before. "I think
  you know most of the basics, so I will not waste my time on those, other than
  to say that you will be expected to know them. Should you dishonor me in any
  way, such as failing to knell properly, not speaking in a submissive tone,
  and not being attentive at all times, you will be punished. I expect absolute
  obedience at all times."  
Mistress sat down again. "The plan I have for you will begin today and will
  last throughout the week. You will be tested beyond your limits. By the end
  of the week when you return to Mistress Becky, you will take your orders without
  hesitation." She whipped the cane across my back to get my attention. "Look
  at me Denny!" I raised my head to look at Mistress Hilda's face. I was never
  allowed to look at her before, other than a glance, until then. She was actually
  very pretty. "I do not tolerant hesitation very well. One of the most important
  qualities of a submissive slave is to follow orders without hesitation. Do
  you understand me?" I quickly replied with "yes Mistress". She tapped my head
  with the cane and put my nose back to the floor.  
"We will see if you do." She was silent for a few moments. "Becky tells me
  differently. Becky tells me that you hesitate, you ask questions; you try to
  talk her out of making you perform. Denny that will stop!" If there is one
  thing you will learn this week, it will be to follow orders without question.
  There will be dire consequences for you otherwise." Mistress continued on this
  subject for a long time. The more she talked, the more I wanted to be that
  way. I wanted to please her. I wanted to please Becky. I kept telling myself
  that I would do better, that I would learn. "You will be ordered to do things
  this week that you have not done before Denny, to test you, to strengthen you,
  to make you a good slave. Each time you hesitate, you will be punished. Do
  not dare question me."  
I could not help but wonder what it was she would make be do. What could
  be so bad? Then I remembered reading about things that some masters and mistress
  make their slaves do. Some of them I liked, I fantasized about. But some of
  them I did not, some of them I feared. "Denny, you will not like everything
  I make you do, but you will learn to tolerate and obey regardless. You will
  do so because it is what I want you to do. You will learn to enjoy pleasing
  me, just as you will learn to enjoy pleasing Becky, and anybody else she wants
  you to please." I remembered pleasing Becky's girlfriend. I liked that. But
  then I remembered eating the cum from her panties. I knew it was male cum.
  I knew it had to be John. I hated that. I did not want her fucking John. I
  tried to get that out of my head. Maybe Mistress Hilda is right. I need to
  do it because it pleases Becky, not because it pleases me. I closed my eyes
  hard and repeated over and over to myself. I must please Becky. I must please
  Becky.  
Mistress spent the rest of the morning giving me special instructions on
  how I should act in front of other guests and other slaves. I struggled inwardly
  as I began to realize some of the things she would make me do. I knew that
  she was going to make me suffer great humiliation, much greater than Becky
  had ever made me endure. But in a strange way, I was excited about it. I had
  read many times about submissive slaves performing all sorts of crude acts.
  Now I was going to actually realize some of those fantasies. I could feel myself
  getting hard.  
"I will be going out in a short while to lunch with one of my associates.
  We will return about 1:30 or 2. I will expect this place to be in perfect order,
  and you will be in perfect order. I will lay some things out for you to wear
  after you take your shower. I do not want to see you again until I return.
  Get out of my sight." I quickly ran to the guest bedroom and hid until I hear
  Mistress Hilda leave. She said 'We'. She was going to expose me to someone
  else. A thousand thoughts went through my head. I remembered what it was like
  when Becky first brought Donna home. I was scared to death. But it turned out
  good. It is just so embarrassing and shameful the first time, especially now,
  when I have not gotten used to Mistress Hilda yet.  
It was nice to be alone for a short while. The first thing I did was go into
  her room to see what she had laid out. There was a pair of red lace crotchless
  panties trimmed in black. There was also a pair of black fishnet hose and a
  black garter belt. Most shocking though was the artificial breasts. I had seen
  ones like them, but only in pictures. Lastly there was a pair of high-heeled
  shoes. Tucked into the shoe was a note. "I expect you to be fully dressed in
  front of the door waiting for me when we return. You are to shower and shave
  all of your body hair except that little bit that is on your head. (I was nearly
  bald and kept my hair very short.) I don't want to see any body hair!"  
I had worn female clothes many times when I was alone, and also with Becky,
  but this was different. She was not only going to humiliate me in front of
  another person, she wanted me to feel like a woman. I had never shaved any
  of my hair accept on my cock and balls. Becky made me do that, but never my
  legs or anywhere else. I hurriedly cleaned up the house. It did not take me
  long, because I had worked so much the day before. I made sure everything was
  neatly in place. I took a shower and shaved my legs, my arms, under my arms,
  everywhere except my head. It was really not as bad as I thought it would be.
  In fact, it felt exciting as I rinsed the hair off and stood before the mirror.
  I almost looked feminine. I ran my hands over my shaved body. I could feel
  the excitement growing in my balls. My cock, I mean my clit, began to stiffen
  as I felt my smooth skin. I looked at the clock. It was 15 after one, and I
  knew she could be back in 15 minutes. I ran to the bed and put the hose on
  first. I enjoyed the feel of them going up my smooth legs. Then the panties.
  My clit got hard as the silky material rubbed over it. When I pulled the panties
  all the way up, my cock and balls fell through the crotchless opening and were
  in plain view. I heart pounded as I thought about how I would look to others.
  Then I put the artificial breasts on, just like you would a bra. I snapped
  them in the back and ran to the mirror to see what I looked like. I could not
  believe it. I looked like a woman from the neck down, except for my throbbing
  cock. The feel of the clothes, the breasts, my smooth skin, all made me excited.
  I noticed a drop of precum forming on my slit. My balls were already churning
  and I wanted to cum.  
I sat on the edge of the bed and put the heels on. I was amazed at how well
  they fit. I had never worn heels before and it took a minute to get used to
  them. The excitement was raging through me now. I loved how I felt. My cock
  bounced as I walked into the closet. There was Mistress's panty hamper. The
  urge suddenly hit me. I had to smell her panties. I opened the hamper and reached
  in through her soiled panties and pulled out the dirtiest pair I could fine.
  I quickly brought them to my nose. Oh god they smelled so good. I closed my
  eyes and imagined that my face was buried in her crotch. I took out another
  pair and rubbed them against my clit. Oh God! I knew that if I did that very
  long I would cum. I put them back and walked as fast as I could to the front
  door. It was 1:28. I waited.  
I waited and waited. I watched the clock, which make it seem even longer.
  The scent from her panties lingered in my nose. I fumbled with cock until it
  got hard. Oh God what would happen if I was erect when she came in to door?
  A it neared 2 o'clock, I heard Mistress Hilda's heels clicking and voices outside.
  The noise grew louder. Then the doorbell rang. I panicked. I had assumed she
  would let herself in. Should I open the door? What if it is not her? I nervously
  turned the latch and stood behind the door and slowly opened it. I could hear
  someone snicker. My heart was racing. What should I do? I slowly peaked around
  the door, and there stood Mistress Hilda with another lady. She was beautiful.
  I nervously pulled the door open and stood beside of it in total shame. "Welcome&hellip;a
  welcome home Mistress Hilda." I barely was able to say it. I looked down at
  the floor afraid to move my eyes. I could feel my face burning with shame.  
"Come in Mary and meet my new trainee." I was afraid to look up for fear
  that Mistress Hilda would not approve. My mouth was dry, and my stomach was
  in knots. They both walked past me and turned to take a good look. "Do you
  like the breasts? I think they look good. I found them online and this is the
  first time I have used them." Mistress Hilda felt of them the hole time she
  talked. Then Mary came toward me and touched them too. If felt so weird when
  they touched them. It was almost like they were real, but not quiet. "How long
  have you been training him?" Mary's voice was strong and curt. I could tell
  already that she would be very aggressive. "Only a couple of days. His wife,
  rather his Mistress, has sent him here for discipline." I suddenly noticed
  that a small bead of precum had formed at my piss slit. I should have known
  when I was sniffing her panties earlier that it would happen. Mistress Hilda
  put her hand down and caught it with her finger, and then she wiped it on my
  lips. "He can't control his urges. We are going to work on that this week.
  And he also has very poor manners!" Mistress abruptly slapped my face. "Get
  to your knees and greet Mary properly!"  
I fell to my knees at Mary's feet and began kissing her high heels. My face
  burned from her stinging hand, but mostly from the shame and humiliation that
  was racing through my body. Mistress Hilda continued to explain what she was
  doing with my training. She finally kicked me in the side. "That's enough.
  Go get us a glass of wine." I quickly got up and went into the kitchen. I was
  relieved to get away from them for a moment, to compose myself and get ready
  for what laid in store. My face lit up again in embarrassment as I complied
  with Mistress Hilda's order. I sat the wine glasses down and poured them half
  full on the coffee table. Mistress Hilda was sitting in a chair, and Mary was
  sitting in the center of the sofa. "Stand over there so both of us can see
  you!" Mistress pointed to a place near the end of the table. I quickly moved
  there and stood at attention. I could feel their eyes on me as I looked down.
  I had never felt so embarrassed in my life. The room became so quiet, only
  the sound of their movement as they leaned forward to get their wine glasses.
  I think Mistress Hilda purposely kept quiet to make my shame even greater.
  Both of them stared at me for a long time.  
Finally Mistress Hilda spoke. "I want to have him fully trained by Friday,
  so Becky will have him for the weekend." I thought that sounded strange because
  Becky had been spending the weekends with John. I wondered what she meant. "I
  think she has special plans this weekend and 'Denny' will be attending to their
  needs." What did she mean my 'their needs'? Was she going to make me serve
  her and Donna again? Or was it John? I could not think like that. I had to
  get that out of my mind. The room became quiet again. Finally Mary stood up.
  I had not noticed how tall she was before. She was taller than Hilda, taller
  than me. She walked towards me, and I felt intimidated by her. Before she even
  touched me I felt scared. She began fondling my breasts. That is when I noticed
  her hands. They were large for a woman. She was tall and slender, but her hands
  were large, bright red polish adorned her fingernails. But her hands looked
  so different. Suddenly Mistress Hilda got up. "Why don't you get acquainted
  with Denny while I go change clothes? I will back shortly."  
As soon as Hilda left the room, Mary put her hand under my chin and raised
  it up until I was looking into her eyes. She had a wild look about her, a look
  that I had never seen before. It scared me. "I want you to serve me." Here
  sudden aggressiveness scared me. Yet, I could feel my cock, or my clit tingle;
  that familiar feeling just before it starts to get hard. "You are going to
  serve me Denny." Her strong voice excited me. I knew she would be demanding.
  I swallowed hard. "Yes ma'am." Mary turned and walked back to the sofa to sit
  down. 'Come here and stand beside of me." I walked over to the sofa and stood.
  She leaned forward and her face was nearly level with my clit. She blew gently
  and my cock, my clit responded immediately. I looked down as it slowly began
  to rise. Oh my god, I thought. I could feel the power she had over me. She
  took her index finger and gently massaged the underside of my clit. Within
  a few moments, it was sticking straight up. "My My Denny. Hilda is right, you
  don't have much control." Her strong sexy voice was so exciting. "Would you
  like to serve me Denny?" I answered quickly. "Yes ma'am, I &hellip;I would
  be&hellip;be honored to ma'am."  
She slowly began to unbutton her blouse. "Get to your knees Denny and help
  me out of my heels." I hurriedly sunk to the floor and removed each of Mary's
  high heels. Her feet were so large for a woman. She slowly spread her legs
  and my thoughts turned to the treasure that lies between. The skirt she was
  wearing was very short, and I could see her garter belt. My cock twitched as
  she spread her legs wider, exposing her panties. I have always loved garter
  belts and hose. I fantasize frequently about them. She put her hand on her
  crotch and spread her legs wide. "Do you like what you see Denny?" Her husky
  voice excited me. "Yes ma'am." She smiled. "Well then, why don't you show it?
  Worship me!" I could feel my balls tighten. I was filled with sexual tension
  as I lowered my head to the floor and began kissing and rubbing her feet. The
  scent of the leather from her shoe and the feel of her hose was driving me
  crazy. I slowly worked my way up her to her knees. She moaned as I kissed and
  caress her. Mary fumbled with her blouse as I continued to worship her. She
  was not wearing a bra, and her marvelous breasts were soon visible. I also
  noticed a slight musky scent, but it was not like any other I had smelled,
  not like Becky or Donna, or Mistress Hilda. "Help me off with my blouse Denny!" She
  became more demanding this time. She stood up quickly. I rose and helped her
  remove the blouse and I got my first full look at her breasts. The hair on
  her arms was thick, much more than a woman usually has, but I thought no more
  about it as I looked at her firm breasts and her erect nipples.  
"The skirt Denny! Get to your knees and take it off." My heart began to pound
  as dropped to the floor behind her. Mistress Hilda had come back into the room.
  She was wearing a very short night gown that was almost transparent. Her large
  breasts bounced as she walked in. Mary spoke again in a low tone. "You will
  serve me Denny, and I expect full service. You will give me nothing else. Do
  you understand?" I answered quickly. Mistress Hilda stood near me. "Denny,
  this is part of your training. You will do as you are told, without hesitation!
  Do you understand?" I answered again quickly. "Before you remove my skirt,
  I want you to tell me what you are and what you will do Denny! Tell me! Now!" It
  scared me a little, but I was so anxious to serve her. "I am&hellip;I am your
  submissive &hellip; submissive slave ma'am and I will serve&hellip; a serve
  you in any way you wish ma'am." Mary looked over her shoulder. "Worship my
  ass!" I quickly placed my lips on panty cover ass cheeks. The material was
  so flimsy I could easily see the cleavage of her well formed ass cheeks. I
  kissed and caressed her ass for several minutes. Stooping lower, I kissed the
  upper part of her legs and pushed my nose into her cheeks. I noticed the musky
  scent of her ass hole. I could not wait to worship her there. Mary suddenly
  turned around. My head was level with her crotch, and she was holding the skirt
  in front of her. "I want to hear you say it again Denny. I want to hear you
  say that you will serve me, and you will serve me fully. Say it!" Mistress
  Hilda was now standing behind me with her crotch pressed against the back of
  my head. My cock was rigid and my balls we aching with desire. I repeated what
  I had said earlier. "Tell me that you will lick and suck me Denny. Tell me
  that you will worship my ass!" Her demanding tone scared me, but also excited
  me. I repeated what she said.  
Mary dropped the skirt and I was suddenly starring into her panties, only
  a few inches away. I could not believe my eyes. My mouth fell open and I swallowed.
  I could see through the flimsy material, but I could not believe what I was
  seeing. It was a cock and balls, a large cock and balls. A thousand thoughts
  ran through my head. It could not be real. It just could not be real. She was
  a woman, not a man. She had breasts. She looked like a woman. Then it hit me.
  How could I be so stupid? Suddenly Mistress Hilda smacked me on the top of
  my head. "Well? What do you have to say?" I could not think of anything to
  say. I looked up at Mary, or who ever she was, or he was. She had a wild smile
  on her face. "Pull my panties down Denny. Pull them down so you can serve me." I
  just froze. I did not know what to do. I didn't want to serve a cock. I wanted
  to serve a woman. I was not prepared for this. I had fantasized about it a
  few times, but never really thought I would actually do it. I had wondered
  what a cock would taste like, what it would feel like to have a pair of balls
  in my mouth. But, it was only a fantasy. I was not gay. My thoughts were quickly
  interrupted when Mistress Hilda smacked me again, this time harder. "Do it
  Denny. I told you not to hesitate. Now do it!" She was right. I had to do it.
  I raised my hands and slipped my fingers into the waste band of her panties,
  and slowly pulled them down to her feet. I pulled them away as she steeped
  out of them. Then I rose up, knowing what I must do. I guess the excitement
  was starting to get to Miss Mary, and her cock was already getting hard as
  I stood up again on my knees. "Feel it Denny. Feel it. Feel my cock."  
My face burned with shame as I raised my hand to touch it. She was fully
  shaved, and her skin was baby soft. I had never touched another man's cock
  before, and my heart pounded as I felt it. Within a few seconds her cock began
  to swell, and I could now smell that same musty scent that I had noticed before.
  I remember thinking, 'so this is what a man smells like to a woman.' I don't
  know why I thought it that way, other than maybe I was thinking of myself as
  a woman at that moment. "My balls Denny. Feel my balls." Without hesitation
  I used my left hand to cup her balls. For some reason if felt natural. I don't
  know why. I would have felt sick had it been a man standing before me. Doing
  it to a woman in front of another woman seemed to make it right. I suddenly
  felt a little more comfortable. I gently massaged her balls as her cock continued
  to grow in my hand. Mary began to moan. I was afraid to look up, so I just
  continued to stroke her cock and balls. As her moaning became louder and deeper,
  I noticed a drop of precum forming on her piss slit. Anxiety crept through
  me again as I realized what they might make me do.  
Mistress Hilda stood right behind me. "Do a good job slut, if you know what's
  good for you." I turned my head slightly and looked out of the corner of my
  eyes. Mistress Hilda had a whip in her hand. I looked back at the erect cock,
  only inches from my face. I did not want another whipping from Mistress Hilda. "Oh
  yes Mary. Look! Look at your cock. See the excitement oozing from your cock!" Miss
  Mary looked down. "Don't stop Denny. That feels so good." Mistress Hilda reached
  forward and began massaging Mary's breasts. Soon she was moaning again. "Lick
  it off Denny. Lick that cum off!" I felt a sudden rush of tension. I knew she
  would make me do it. I leaned forward and opened my mouth. By this time the
  clear fluid leaking from her cock was ready to run down the underside of her
  cock head. "Get it! Don't you dare let that go to waste!" Mistress Hilda let
  the whip fall across my shoulder. I quickly pushed my tongue against the underside
  of Mary's cock head and licked off the discharge. I pulled it into my mouth.
  It had a slightly sweet taste, like mine has, but the shame of what I had done
  shot through my body. It felt like a bad dream. I had just done the most shameful
  thing I could think of, and it was far from over.  
I continued to massage Mary's cock and balls. For the next few minutes her
  moans of joy were the only sound in the room. I nervously awaited her climax,
  knowing that it would most likely be in my mouth. "Now I want you to suck it.
  Suck it Denny. Suck it until I cum." I closed my eyes and opened my mouth,
  moving forward until her cock was in my mouth. I instinctively used my tongue
  to massage the sensitive underside of her cock. The flavor of her oozing precum
  excited my tastebuds. Mistress Hilda continued to massage her breasts. "How
  long has it been Mary. When did you cum last?" Mary's breathing had become
  labored and here voice was strong. "A week. Its been a week. Oh God!!!!!!!
  Oh God, I need this cum!" She grabbed my head and began fucking my mouth. "My
  balls! Touch them! Feel them!" I put both hands between her legs and began
  massaging her balls. "Oh my God!!! Oh my God that's it!!! I am going to cum!" She
  moaned loudly and grasp my head. She stopped fucking me and instantly I felt
  a large spurt from the end of her cock head, and my mouth was filled with her
  cum. The strange flavor invaded my taste buds and my nostrils filled with the
  scent of her cum. Quickly afterwards, she shot another load, and it to hit
  the back of my mouth. I could not help but swallow some of it. Then a third
  shot and my mouth was so full of her cum that some of it leaked from my lips.
  I could feel it on my chin. I had read that everyone's cum taste a little different,
  and this was very different from mine. It was not revolting like I thought
  it might be. Yet I thought would gag. Fortunately, I got it down without incident.
  The shame and humiliation of the entire act was now weighing heavily on my
  mind. I remember thinking about how I must look to them. I hated it. I was
  a disgusting cocksucker. I was like a cheap whore, on my knees in a whorehouse,
  sucking cocks. I waited in shame to see what she would do next.  
She just stood there holding my head to her crotch. I could feel her tighten
  her balls to force out any remaining cum. Each drop was deposited on my tongue,
  still in place against the underside of Mary's cock. Finally she pulled away
  from me and looked down at her cock, not erect, but still swollen. Mistress
  Hilda leaned down and talked into my ear. "Get the rest of it out Denny. You
  know how to do it." I felt another bolt of shame shoot through my body. I knew
  what she wanted be to do. She wanted me wrap my finger around her cock and
  pull it forward, to milk the remaining cum from her cock. That was even more
  disgusting than what I had just done. My face burned with shame. Yet, for some
  reason, I did not even hesitate. I milked her several times; each time I licked
  the oozing cum from her cock head. Each time the taste of her cum became a
  little more tolerable. There seemed to be no end to the amount of seed in her
  balls. A great change swept though me as I pulled on her cock and licked off
  the droplets of cum. It was not disgusting like it had been earlier. It was
  smoother. The rich creamy taste filled my senses I hated my self for liking
  it. Did I really like it, or was it because she wanted be to like it. I was
  so confused.  
To be continued in Chapter 9  
Becky's Slave 
Chapter 9 
The rest of the afternoon was a blur. Mistress Hilda made me dress Mary after
  I cleaned her. I felt so humiliated as I washed her cock and balls. Mistress
  Hilda cursed me and humiliated me further by spanking my sore ass in front
  of Mary because I was not as attentive as she said I should be. Then she made
  me stand in the corner with my nose to the wall. I felt so relieved when Mary
  was gone. 
As dinnertime approached, Mistress Hilda instructed me on several matters
  of protocol for serving guests. I want you to remember to do as I have instructed.
  We will have a couple of guests tonight for dinner, and your performance had
  better be perfect. Otherwise you will be punished. I got that sick feeling
  again. I was hoping it would just be Mistress Hilda and I this evening. I nervously
  wondered what disgusting acts she would make me do tonight. Mistress Hilda
  went off to her study to talk on the phone. She returned an hour later. Carol
  and her sister, Lana, are coming over tonight. Set up 3 places at the dinner
  table. I want plenty of wine too. Chill several bottles. Mistress walked up
  to the stove and inspected what I had been doing. She tasted the food, but
  did not say anything, so I assumed it was to her liking. Go get cleaned up.
  I have your clothes laid out again for you. I want you to be fresh for the
  guests. Mistress walked towards the bedroom where I would shower. Hurry,
  I want you finished before they get here. 
I quickly removed my stockings and garter belt. Then I reached behind me to
  remove the fake breasts. No! No, they will remain in place. You are not to
  take those offfor any reason! I slowly turned and went into the bathroom.
  As I stepped into the shower Mistress yelled again. And you leave that worthless
  clit of yours alone, except to wash it! Do you understand me? I promptly replied,
  then turned on the shower. I shaved my legs and my clit and as Mistress Hilda
  had instructed me to do each time I showered. When I got out of the shower
  to dry off, I looked into the mirror again and marveled at how the breasts
  looked on me. When I returned to the bedroom, Mistress was talking on the phone;
  this time to Becky. 
Yes Becky I am doing fine. I just wanted to touch base with you and let you
  know how she is doing. I could barely hear my wife's voice. Good, I am glad
  you have reconsidered. I will start her on injections today. My heart raced
  as I listened. Oh my God, was she talking about me? I knew she was and I new
  what she meant. She was going to give me female hormones. Mistress Hilda tuned
  and looked at me as she talked. He has been shaved, and we will continue his
  training. I am sure I will have him home by Friday. Becky began talking again,
  and Mistress Hilda nodded her head. Yes, that's right. You will notice a big
  difference in his attitude, but the physical changes will not take place for
  a while. She looked me up and down as I stood rigidly still, listening to
  what she was saying. Probably a couple of weeks you may see a difference but
  give it a while. You will see results. I could hear Becky talk, but I could
  not understand what she was saying. Ok, Good by, I will talk to you in a few
  days. She hung up the phone. 
Get over here on your knees in front of me! I nervously dropped to my knees
  before Mistress Hilda. My heart began to race as I waited for her to speak. Your
  training is not going as well as I thought it would Denny. I have discussed
  this with Becky, although I was a little more positive with her about your
  progress. I didn't want to alarm her. And, I think that by the end of the week,
  you will be doing much better. Nevertheless it will be necessary for me to
  start you on hormones. I could feel my eyes blurring with tears, and I quietly
  interrupted her. Please don't do that Mistress. I promise to do better. I
  promise I will do everything you She pulled her hand back as if she was going
  to smack my face. I tensed up and squinted my eyes, but she hesitated. I will
  not tolerate any more insolence form you! This is exactly why you need the
  hormones. This constant protesting by you will stop. Mistress Hilda walked
  toward the door. Don't you dare move until I come back! I stood on my knees
  at attention for several minutes, waiting for her return. I could hear the
  faint sound her movements in the house. Soon she appeared in the door. She
  had a syringe in her right hand. My heart sunk as she slowly walked up to me.
  She used a cotton swab with alcohol to sterilize a place on my left arm. I
  closed my eyes as she stuck me with the needle. 
Now get up and get dressed. My heart was still racing, and I actually felt
  a little nauseated. I don't know whether it was the injection, or just the
  fear of what the hormones would do. I don't want to hear another word of protest
  about your injections. You will get one two times a day for the next 3 days.
  Then you will get one each week, until I am satisfied of your progress. I
  kept telling myself not to worry. Becky would not hurt me. She would not let
  anything happen to me. I loved her and she loved me. She would not hurt me. 
As I got to my feet I could see on the bed several feminine articles of clothing;
  fish net stockings, a black garter belt, a wispy pair of black see through
  panties, and a collar with a bow on it. It reminded me of a maid's outfit,
  except there was no dress. It scared me as I realized that this would be all
  that I would wear when the guests arrived. Mistress Hilda walked to the door. Get
  dressed I said, I don't have all day. I want you to report to me in 5 minutes. Then
  she left the room. I quickly slid the stockings over my smooth shaved legs.
  I put the garter belt on and attached the stockings. I loved the feel and look
  of my new clothes. For the first time since Mary had left, I could feel myself
  getting excited. I put the same high heels on that I had worn earlier. I bent
  over the bed and picked up the collar, and snapped it on my neck with the bow
  in the front. I quickly went to the mirror to see how I looked. I was shocked
  at how feminine I looked. My cock twitched as I ran my hands up my legs to
  my breasts. I instinctively dropped my right hand to my clit. I became erect
  in a few seconds. I loved the feel of my shaved balls. Suddenly I had an enormous
  urge to cum. Oh, I wanted to cum so badly. A drop of precum formed on my piss
  slit as I rubbed my balls. If Mistress Hilda saw me now she would really be
  upset. I quickly adjusted my breasts and walked slowly into the living room.
  By then my engorged clit had grown limp and I was presentable to Mistress Hilda. 
Get the table ready you fool! They will be here any time now. I quickly
  set the table and went to the kitchen to make final preparations for serving.
  I grew more nervous with each passing minute. Mistress Hilda inspected the
  table carefully, looking for any imperfection for which to reprimand me. Suddenly,
  she screamed. Get in here! Get you ass in here! I quickly ran into the dining
  room, almost tripping on one of my heels. Look at this! She pointed to a
  water glass. It had a smudge near the top. I could see it plainly. Without
  any warning, she slapped me across the face. It was so hard and sudden that
  I feel backwards. Then she slapped me again. Your worthless piece of shit!
  Get another glass! I hurried to the kitchen to get the glass, and the doorbell
  rang. She yelled out. Get the door! I ran to the dining room as fast as I
  could. My face was burning where she slapped me, and my eyes were tearing.
  I then ran to the door. My heart was thumping so hard I thought I would die.
  I stopped at the door where Mistress Hilda was standing. I did not know what
  to do. I was so embarrassed, so humiliated. Now I had to open the door and
  be seen like this by two people I did not know. I said get the door! 
I swallowed hard and held my breath, my chest pounding. Then I opened the
  door. They were stunningly beautiful, and dressed very provocatively. I don't
  know what I had expected, but l was impressed with their beauty. They both
  starred at me with their piercing eyes. I looked down, not wanting to offend
  them. I could feel their eyes on me. They were looking me up and down. Come
  in girls. Don't mind Denny. She is very shy, and poorly trained. They stepped
  through the doorway starring at me again as they walked by. My faced was burning
  with embarrassment as I struggled to gain some resemblance of composure. Where
  are your manners Denny? Greet them properly. I fell to my knees in front of
  one of them and began kissing her leather boots. 
This is Carol. Carol and I work together. She also helps with training. That's
  enough Denny. Now greet Lana. I moved over the Lana and began kissing her
  sandals. The scent of her foot immediately filled my senses. Her bright red
  nail polish was exciting as well. Lana is Carol's sister. I followed them
  to the living room on my hands and knees as Hilda made small talk. Both girls
  were probably in their mid to late 20s, about 5 foot 5, and very well endowed.
  My clit began to swell as an erotic sense filled the room. Both of them wore
  very short dresses that barely covered their ass, and they were low cut in
  the front. Would you like a glass of wine? Both nodded as Mistress Hilda
  looked at me and pointed to the kitchen. I quickly rose us and ran to get it.
  My face burned with embarrassment when I returned a few minutes later with
  a tray. I nervously placed the glasses in front of them on the coffee table. 
Carol began to laugh. What is that little pathetic thing hanging between
  her legs? The all laughed as my face burned even deeper. I knew it would be
  a humiliating night. They laughed and taunted me while I opened the wine and
  poured their glasses. Marge sipped on her wine quickly consuming most of it. Over
  her Denny, I want some more. She held the glass in her lap so I would have
  to come closer to her to pour. As I poured, she took her perfectly manicured
  finger and used the tip of her nail to tickle the underside of my clit. The
  girls roared in laughter. I was so embarrassed I spilt some wine on the floor.
  This displeased Mistress Hilda and she used the incident to punish me. Excuse
  me girls for his clumsiness. Denny come over her right now! Her voice was
  not as loud as usual, probably so as not to offend her guests. But I could
  tell she was not happy, and I quickly walked to her side. Get to your knees
  Denny. My face flushed again. My embarrassed was so great that my ears were
  actually burning. I felt that my entire life would be filled with shame and
  ridicule. 
Mistress looked down at my clit, and then looked into my face. You have embarrassed
  me in front of my guests Denny, and you must be punished for it. Carol and
  Lana began snickering. I want you to go into my study and get the little clit
  paddle out of my drawer. My heart felt like it would beat of my chest. My
  god, I thought, was going to humiliate me beyond reason. Go Denny. Go get
  it and bring it to me. You know which one it is. I slowly got to my feet,
  and walked to the study. I could hear them laughing at me. I felt like a ball
  of nerves as I opened the drawer. I found it quickly. The soft leather handle
  felt comfortable in my hand. The paddle was made of soft pine, so thin that
  it would bend easily, making it perfect for punishing the cock and balls. I
  felt sick as I turned and walked back into the living room. I cautiously approached
  Mistress Hilda. 
Take it to Lana. I think she should punish you. Lana's eyes lit up as I
  walked towards her. She held out her hand immediately and placed the handle
  in her palm. Oh yes, I like this. She smacked her palm a few times. Oh yes,
  this is perfect. She looked at Mistress Hilda, and then she looked at me. Stand
  over her Denny. I moved to her left side as she was right handed. Spread
  your legs stupid! I could feel my face burning again. I was so filled with
  shame and dread that I could hardly move. I ackwardly stood before them. There
  was no way to escape the shame. Hold you clit out so I can punish it. I used
  my left hand to grasp the head of my cock with my fingers. My heart was pounding.
  Lana firmly grasp the clit paddle in her hand smacked my cock. It stung but
  not as bad as I thought it would. You can hit it harder than that! Mistress
  Hilda called out. Lana smacked me again, much harder than the first, stinging
  the soft skin of my clit. Harder! The smile left Lana's face as she smacked
  a third time, so hard I could not help but cry out. 
Mistress Hilda rose from the couch. You keep your mouth shut and take your
  punishment! Lana smacked my clit again, this time even harder. It felt like
  she was cutting into my skin. I felt like my clit was on fire. The tears began
  rolling down my cheek. His balls, smack his balls too! Lana brought the paddle
  up between my legs and smacked my balls hard. The pain shot though my testicles
  and up into the pit of my stomach. Again she smacked them. I involuntarily
  screamed in agony. Mistress Hilda walked up to me and smacked my face. This
  is what you deserve for embarrassing me in front of my guests! She stepped
  back. Smack his balls a few more times. Within a few seconds my balls felt
  like they were on fire. It hurt so bad I could not even scream again. I could
  barely stand up by the time she delivered the last smack. 
As you can see he is need of much training and discipline. Mistress Hilda
  sat back down on the couch. It will probably be like this all week. They
  quietly talked as I stood there recovering from the punishment. My balls burned
  badly for several minute. Finally the severity of the pain dwindled and I became
  composed. Mistress Hilda ordered me to refill their glasses. Afterwards I was
  instructed to remove their shoes and worship their feet. Carol and Lana both
  enjoyed the way I kissed and caressed their feet. Their conversation gradually
  turned to sex. Carol and Lana both had submissive husbands, and both had affairs
  with straight men. Lana talked a lot about her husband, and how boring he had
  become. Its nice to have another sissy like Denny to worship me for a change.
  In fact he is doing a great job Hilda. If he keeps that up, I may need to cum. She
  spread her legs and pulled up the short dress she was wearing. As I kissed
  her beautiful ankles I watched her out of the corner of my eye. I noticed the
  wet stains on the crotch of her panties. For the first time since they had
  arrived, I could feel the tension in my balls. Even though the skin on my clit
  and balls was still burning slightly, the sight of her panties excited me.
  I could feel my clit swelling with sexual energy. You can worship my legs
  too, my knees and my thighs. 
Just a short time ago, I was in total misery at the hands of this wicked woman.
  Now, I was hypnotized by her beauty. I gradually kissed my way up to her knees.
  My nostrils were suddenly filled with her scent. Her feminine odor was strong
  and sexy. I could feel my clit becoming erect. I had not cum for days, and
  my balls were aching with excitement. Mistress Hilda stood up. That is good
  Lana. You enjoy her all you want. It is good training for her. Carol and I
  will go into the study. I want to show her some of my work. They both left
  the room as Lana grasped my head between her hands. 
Do you smell me Denny? Do you like my scent? I inhaled deeply as she pulled
  my face closer to her panty-covered crotch. Yesa yesma'am. Youa you smella
  smell wonderful ma'am. Lana pulled my nose into her panties and I inhaled
  again. Her scent was like an aphrodisiac. My clit sprung to attention. I could
  feel it sticking straight out. It was obvious that she had not showered since
  early morning. I could smell the odor of urine and sweat. Mixed with the heavenly
  scent of her wetness, her heady aroma was driving me crazy. My mind was filled
  with her scent, her body, her pussy. Take my panties off Denny. She pushed
  my head back, then raised her ass up. I quickly reached out and placed my fingers
  in the waistband of her frilly black panties. She closed her legs as I pulled
  then down and over her heels. I could not take my eyes off of the wet silky
  crotch piece. You like them don't you Denny? You want to worship them don't
  you? She knew she was driving me crazy with lust. Yes ma'am. I whispered. May
  I worship your panties ma'am. I suddenly felt so humbled before her, so submissive,
  so comfortable with her. If you do a good job with my panties, maybe I will
  let you worship this. She spread her legs exposing her thick black bush. Her
  shiny wet clit was swollen and it protruded through her thick matted pubic
  hair. Her odor was now even stronger in the air. She used her finger to massage
  her slick swollen clit. I watched her masturbate herself as I brought her damp
  panties up to my nose. I instinctively used my tongue to lick the dampness
  from the crotch piece. The sultry taste drove me mad with desire. I glanced
  down at my rigid cock. It felt as hard as it had ever felt before. I looked
  back at her pussy she shoved two finger into her gapping pussy hole. They made
  a wet slushy sound as she pushed them in and out. Once she lifted them to my
  nose. Her musky scent drove me mad. I thought I would cum without even touching
  my clit. 
This went on for a long time as she pleasured herself and teased me with her
  scent. Finally she rubbed herself to an orgasm. I watched in awe as she closed
  her eyes and moaned. I wanted so badly to bury my face between her hairy smelly
  pussy lips. My balls were aching with desire. She layed there several minutes
  until she recovered from her orgasm. She looked at me harshly. You don't think
  I would let you put those sissy lips on my pussy do you? My heart sunk as
  I realized what she had done. I felt so stupid, thinking that I would be able
  to eat such a goddess. Take my panties off of your head you little sissy! I
  reluctantly removed her lovely scented panties and opened them at he feet. Put
  them on me stupid! You don't think I am going to do it! I slowly lifted each
  of her beautiful feet and helped her get them through the leg holes of her
  panties. Then I gently pulled them up her legs. She stood up and held her dress,
  exposing her goddess like pussy again. I got another wonderful smell of her
  muskiness as I pulled her panties into place. She turned and pushed her ass
  into my face. 
Kiss it sissy boy! I needed not further encouragement. I pushed my face
  against her pantied ass and kissed her cheeks until she stopped me. She pulled
  her panties to one side and spread her ass cheeks, exposing her lovely brown
  colored rosebud. The musty smell of her unwashed asshole filled my nostrils.
  It was wonderful. My clit sprung to attention again, and precum was dripping
  from my piss slit. Kiss it sissy boy. Kiss my asshole. I suddenly heard Mistess
  Hilda and Carol enter the room. They were standing near by watching. Kiss
  it I said! I leaned forward and pushed my lips between her asschecks. Just
  as they touched her rosebud, it relaxed and she let loose with a thunder of
  gas. Laughter roared from Mistress Hilda and Carol. Again I felt so stupid.
  She had tricked me twice and I fell for it. My face was burning with shame
  as the fould smell of her intestines permeated my nostrils I pulled back and
  looked down at my shrinking clit. 
She turned around an joined in the laughter. 
Mistress Hilda made me open another bottle of wine and they continued their
  conversation. Soon I served dinner. I was forced to crawl under the table,
  servicing their needs as they demanded. They did not offer any food at all.
  Mistress Hilda made me fetch still another bottle of wine as they ate, drank
  and laughed, make me the blunt of their jokes. It was the most humiliating
  night of my life. When they were finished with dinner, Lana decided to take
  a nap. Mistress Hilda told me to help Lana into the guest room and cater to
  her needs. I helped her out of her clothes, and once again my clit swelled
  at the sight of her beautiful body. Between the wine and the orgasm she had
  earlier, Lana quickly drifted off to sleep as I rubbed her feet. My clit was
  rock hard as gazed at her voluptuous body. 
I soon hear Mistress Hilda voice. Get in her Denny! Clean up the mess out
  here, then come to my room. Mistress Hilda and Carol was arm in arm, each
  had a wine bottle in their hand. They walked towards Mistress Hilda's bedroom. I
  want you in here in 15 minutes. I quickly cleaned up the mess from the table
  and the counter. I knew that I must hurry, so as not to displease Mistress
  Hilda. She had drunk so much wine I was afraid of what she would do. I watched
  the clock closely. Just as the time was up I scurried to her bedroom. It was
  very quiet. I peeked in to see Mistess Hilda and Carol laying on the bed. They
  were holding each other close and kissing. My clit began to swell and my balls
  stirred with excitement. I wanted to cum so badly. I tiptoed into the room
  and got to my knees. I am here Mistress. 
To be continued in Chapter 10 
Becky's Slave 
Chapter 10 
Carol, how would you like to use our little slave? You can have him by yourself,
  or we can use him together. Mistress Carol thought for a moment while I kneeled
  in fear. As much as I looked forward to worshiping Mistress Carol, I was afraid
  of what she might do. As beautiful as she was, I sensed that she would be mean
  to me. How much pain can he endure? I was right; she was going to be cruel. Well,
  that depends on what you mean. I have punished him somewhat severely. You will
  see a few marks. Stand up! I rose to my feet quickly. Turn around! Mistress
  Hilda moved to the end of the bed and pulled my panties down enough for Carol
  to see the marks on my ass. Turn! I turned back and she showed Mistress Carol
  the tiny welts on my flaccid penis. Carol laughed. Look at that pathetic little
  cock of his. Mistress Hilda smacked it a few times while I winced in pain. Does
  that give you an idea? Mistress Carol smiled and crossed her arms. 
My husband used to be that way. It seemed like he was always whining about
  his punishment. Mistress Hilda looked at Carol in a puzzled manner. So, what
  did you do? Carol laughed in a sadistic way. I took him to a higher level. Hilda
  smiled and became anxious. She shook her head up and down. I think I know
  what you mean. Carol, will you show mewith Denny? Carol smiled and looked
  at Hilda, running her finger up and down Hilda's breasts. Absolutely! I love
  to train new slaves. My heart ached in my chest as the realization hit me.
  I knew she was going to be cruel. How do we begin? Carol looked about the
  room. I don't see any toys. Hilda jumped from the bed. Oh, I have lots of
  toys. Carol stepped onto the floor. We only need one Hilda. Well, two actually.
  I need a small piece of string, or a shoelace would be perfect. Then, I need
  a wooden spoon. Anxiety was building in my chest. I had read about wooden
  spoons. I had actually experimented with one myself. Oh god, they can hurt. 
Get up into the bed Denny. I have a surprise for you while Hilda gets our
  toys together. I quickly got into the bed and lay on my back as Mistress Carol
  instructed. While I was doing that, Mistress Carol pulled the skimpy nightgown
  she was wearing over her head and deposited it on the floor. My cock stirred
  with excitement as I viewed her beautiful body for the first time. Her breasts
  were not large, but full, with large nipples. They were sticking straight out.
  Her tummy was flat and a large crop of pubic hair covered her pussy. I tried
  not to stare, but could not help myself. I hope you like to eat pussy Denny,
  because that is what you are going to do for the next few minutes while we
  get you ready. With an evil smile Mistress Carol hoisted her beautiful body
  up on the bed, straddling my face. The rich sent of her feminine odor stirred
  me as she planted her gapping hairy pussy on my face. Her thighs partially
  muted the sound of her voice. I opened my mouth trying to breath, but the weight
  of her body made it extremely difficult. I instinctively grabbed the railings
  in the bed, trying desperately to breath. She would occasionally lift her weight
  and allow me a breath or two. Each time she did the taste and smell of her
  pussy permeated my nose and mouth. It was very strong, obviously unwashed.
  The smell of dried urine and pussy sweat was overwhelming. Despite my constant
  struggle for air, I became extremely aroused. 
Within a few moments Hilda returned. Here Carol. Here is a shoestring and
  the spoon you wanted. As Mistress Carol leaned forward to take them, I used
  the opportunity to take a deep breath. She had purposely sat facing my lower
  body. Each breath brought the pungent musty odor of her ass hole. My nose was
  firmly pressed against here dirty opening. Each time I opened my mouth to breath,
  the dampness from her pussy excited my mouth. I could not see what she was
  doing, but I could feel the shoestring being drawn tightly around my cock and
  balls. I could also feel the tightness in my groin as my cock grew to a fully
  erect state. The taste and smell of Mistress Carol was driving me crazy with
  desire. She finally rose up and moved to the side. I took a large breath and
  looked down at my tightly bound cock. 
Oh Hilda, I forgot. I will need something to bind his wrists and ankles. Hilda
  reached into her dresser drawer and retrieved two sets of handcuffs. She quickly
  placed my wrists in one set and attached them to the headboard. Then she put
  the other set on my ankles and pulled them down to the footboard. It is better
  for him if we keep him in place. The spoon can be quiet painful, and we don't
  want him thrashing about. Mistress Carol's words scared me. With the scent
  of her pussy and asshole still in my nose, I felt a great desire to please
  her. Yet, I was scared that she was going to hurt me more than I could stand. 
Miss Carol smiled as she massaged my balls and cock. The shoestring caused
  my cock to stay erect. I could see it bobbing up and down as she skillfully
  manipulated me. On the one hand I was scared to death, but on the other hand
  I was burning with desire. Mistress Carol began smacking the palm of her hand
  with the spoon, testing its application. She moved close to my ear and whispered. I
  am going to test you Denny, like you have never been tested before. She rose
  up and looked at Hilda. Get me a pair of dirty panties. We will need to gag
  him, to keep him from waking up the neighbors. My heart began pounding in
  my chest, as she pushed Hilda's scented panties into my mouth. I had never
  been so scared. Suddenly, the shame and embarrassment didn't matter anymore. 
Now Denny, I want you to remember how bad you have been. This will help you
  to be a good boy. Becky will be proud of you when she sees how attentive you
  have become, and how quickly you respond. This will help you do that. Then
  with one quick motion, Mistress Carol raised the spoon over me and brought
  it down on my swollen balls. AHHHHHHHHH! I pulled against the handcuffs as
  the pain shot though the skin on my balls. For an instant I remembered how
  it felt when I had done it, but that was before I had been shaved. My skin
  was now more exposed. Smack! Again she stung my balls with the spoon, only
  harder. I felt like my head would pop off. I screamed through the panties as
  hard as I could, trying to cope with pain. Smack!! This time harder than the
  other two. It felt like my balls were on fire. I screamed several times. The
  pain was so bad I felt like I might pass out. I clinched my fists and prayed
  for her to stop. But it was not to be. AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!. The forth stroke
  seared my balls. It was so bad I tried to scream but nothing came out. It actually
  took my breath. I had never felt so much agony. A few seconds went by and another
  one came. AHHHHHHHHH!!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!! I begged Mistress Carol to stop. I was
  crying so badly I could hardly talk. The tears in my eyes made it hard for
  me to see. The pain would not go away. Finally she stopped after the 6 th or
  7 th blow. I lost count. My balls were a burning mass of nerves. It felt as
  if she had ripped the skin from my ball sack. 
He is a whinny sort. I think my husband can take more than that. I could
  barely make out their conversation. My brain was so preoccupied with the burning
  sensation in my balls; I could not concentrate on anything else. After what
  seemed like an eternity the pain began to subside. I lay there for a long time
  with my eyes closed. As I regained my composure, Mistress Carol and Mistress
  Hilda looked closely at my balls. Not bad. Look at the tiny breaks in the
  skin, and the blood vessels are broken too. His balls are going to be soar
  for a day or two. I strained my neck to see, but with not luck. Don't worry
  Denny. They are still there. 
Mistress Carol rose up and began smacking the spoon in her palm again. You
  poor baby, it is so unfair to punish your balls. Don't you agree Denny? I
  was afraid to answer. Your balls are still stinging. It is so unfair. Mistress
  Carol continued to mock me with her sympathetic tone, as Mistress Hilda watched
  with joy. I agree Carol. I think it is so unfair to his little cock. She
  flipped my cock with her fingers several times. I knew what they were leading
  up to. Yes, it is so unfair that his little cock has not gotten any attention
  at all. Mistress Carol placed the spoon over my cock and began smacking, lightly
  at first, but gradually increasing the intensity. They both watched my face
  as the gentle taps turned into burning strips. Ahhhhhhhhh! Please stop Mistress.
  Please stop! Both Mistress Carol and Hilda laughed at me. Stop? Why I have
  only begun! Smack!!! 
The pain associated with each carefully placed strike gradually intensified
  until I was screaming in agony. My eyes were filled with tears and I begged
  profusely, but it only spurred her on. Ahhhhhhhh!!!! Ahhhhhhhh!!! I thought
  I would pass out. They talked and laughed as each smack of the spoon seared
  the tender skin of my penis. It felt like they were peeling the skin from my
  cock. I lost track of what they were saying. Finally she stopped. 'Look at
  it Hilda! Will it.will it heal? Mistress Hilda rubbed my burning cock between
  her fingers. Oh yes, it will heal. It is amazing how much punishment the genitals
  will take. They both inspected my cock and balls as I withered in the aftermath
  of pain. I think I will get some alcohol to put on them just in case. We don't
  want any infections. 
Mistress Carol continued to taunt me until Mistress Hilda returned. The burning
  sensation finally began to subside, and I rose up just enough to see my cock.
  It was terribly inflamed, and bruised all over. Here this ought to help. Mistress
  Hilda took the cap off of the alcohol bottle and turned it up, allowing the
  alcohol to soak into a piece of gauze. Then, in her usual rough manner, wiped
  the gauze across my balls and cock. The alcohol immediately entered the broken
  skin and sent shock waves of burning pain into the affected area. I screamed
  again in agony as she applied the alcohol. Several times she turned up the
  bottle and wiped the gauze across my skin. I had never felt anything like it.
  It seemed even worse than the punishment they had inflected. I was beside of
  myself with pain. 
Mistress Hilda released me from the bed and ordered me to the floor. I laid
  there in pain for what seemed like an eternity, but was probably only a short
  while. As I regained my composure, the sound of Mistess Hilda and Carol's intimate
  encounter became noticeable. I guessed that the punishment session had turned
  them on, and they were enjoying each other's company. This went on for almost
  an hour. I finally drifted off to sleep. As the morning light entered the room,
  I inspected my genitals. While the stinging sensation had gone, I still felt
  the discomfort of the broken skin. It would take several days to get back to
  normal. I made up my mind that I would not hesitate again, when Mistress Hilda
  gave me an order. 
Mistress Hilda rose first and instructed me to fix breakfast. I quickly complied,
  as they all showered and dressed. After breakfast Carol and Lana were gone,
  and once again I was alone with Mistress Hilda. She applied the alcohol again,
  burning my skin, but not nearly as bad as the night before, a welcome sign
  that I was healing properly. She was silent most of the morning, and spoke
  only to give me orders. I followed each without hesitation. By noon I was feeling
  almost normal. The warmth from my injured skin was a constant reminder that
  I did not want to get out of line again. In a strange sort of way, it was almost
  soothing. It made it right for me to obey her, no matter what I was told to
  do. 
For the next several days Mistress Hilda continued my training. She gave me
  daily injections and inspected me carefully. I was instructed to do almost
  anything one could imagine to make a woman feel good. Grooming, comfort, serving
  meals, massages, sexual stimulation, nothing was left out. On Thursday evening
  Mistress Hilda phoned Becky and talked to her for a long time. He is ready
  Becky. I will sent him home afternoon tomorrow. I could hear Becky's voice,
  but could not make out what she was saying. Yes, he is doing much better.
  I don't think you will have much trouble with him for a while. She looked
  sternly at me. If you do, just let me have him for a few days. My cock and
  balls were nearly healed, but the memory of the searing pain was still very
  vivid in my mind. Would you like to talk to him? My heart began to race.
  I loved Becky so much, and I missed her. Are you sure? I wished I could understand
  what Becky was saying. Ok, that's fine. I will have him there about 1:00,
  and I will give him the proper instructions. I was disappointed as Mistress
  Hilda hung up the phone. 
Becky wants to wait and talk with you tomorrow. She has she has company
  right now and thinks it would be best to wait. My heart sunk. She was with
  John. I knew she was with John. Otherwise she would have talked to me. Get
  me ready for bed Denny. I want special attention tonight! I jumped to my feet
  immediately. I knew that I must not allow myself to get depressed. I was sure
  Mistress Hilda sensed my disappointment, and knew that I needed to be kept
  busy. I also knew that I must leave Mistress Hilda on Friday on a good note.
  Despite the intense training she had given me, I had become attached to her.
  I truly worshiped her, despite the agony she had put me through. That night
  I savored the taste of her pussy and asshole until she feel asleep. 
The next morning I awoke early, anxious to serve Mistress Hilda, been especially
  anxious to return home to my beloved Becky. I prepared Mistress a special breakfast,
  and helped her get dressed. She was treating better than she ever had. Perhaps
  it was a reward for responding so well to the training, or perhaps she was
  going to miss me. Regardless of her reason, I was enjoying it very much. I
  had even learned to control my personal desires better. However, the anticipation
  of seeing Becky again was making it very difficult. I could not keep my mind
  off of her. By mid morning my clit was getting hard. For some reason I had
  been thinking more and more about my penis as a clit. I had noticed something
  different this morning when Hilda inspected me. It was the only time she allowed
  me to remove my artificial breasts. Each breast has a hollow area where it
  comes in contact with nipple. This morning I noticed that my nipples were larger,
  and that the area around them seemed to puff outward. At first it startled
  me, but then I realized it was the hormone shots. The more I thought about
  it, the harder my clit became. 
Mistress Hilda made me dress up like a woman. I wore a matching silky thong
  and bra. She had purchased me new stockings and garter belt. For the first
  time since I had been there, she put a wig on me. Then she made me put on a
  skimpy dress. I must have looked like a cheap whore, but Mistress Hilda was
  pleased at the results. We are going to make a couple of stops before I take
  you home Denny. I want you to look nice. Mistress Hilda raised her eyebrows
  and smiled as she stood back to look at me. 
Within a few minutes we were in her car. She did not say anything until we
  pulled up in front of a small boutique. I remembered the name because Becky
  had purchased thing from there before. I was very nervous as we got out of
  the car and walked into the shop. I felt like everybody was looking at me.
  There were only a few customers in the store at the time. Mistress Hilda quickly
  walked to the back where the counter was. A very pretty lady, probably 32 or
  33, smiled. She obviously new Mistress very well. Good morning Hilda. She
  looked at Hilda briefly, and then focused on me. It made me nervous, and I
  looked down at the floor. This must be Denny. I could feel my face burning
  as she walked around the counter. Let me take a good look at him, I mean her. They
  both laughed. Marla, I am taking Denny home today. His training is complete,
  and he would like to purchase something for Becky, you know, as a coming home
  present. Marla put her hands on my shoulders and looked me over for a few
  moments. Oh I think I have something perfect for her. I assumed at first that
  she was referring to a gift for Becky, but it was not. 
Marla pulled me by the hand until we were in front of the dressing room. She
  opened the door and pointed her finger. Go on in Denny, I want you to strip. My
  heart began to race. I wondered why she wanted me to strip. I remembered that
  I must not hesitate, and I quickly walked into the room and turned to face
  Marla. We will be back in a few minutes, and I want you naked! The smile
  was gone from Marla's face and her voice became harsh. I began removing my
  clothes. The room was mirrored on all four sides. I could not help but notice
  myself. I looked exactly like a woman. The weeks of dieting had flattened my
  tummy. After removing my dress, I stood and looked at my reflection. My clit
  began to swell, and I pushed it down so it would not be so noticeable in my
  panties. Unfortunately it would not matter in a few moments. I removed my bra,
  and then slid the matching panty thong down my legs. My now semi hard clit
  was sticking out, and I knew I could not hide it. 
I heard the door open and I turned to look, placing both hands over my clit.
  For an instant I feared that it might be someone else. Then I heard Marla's
  voice. She flung the door wide open, showing no respect for my privacy. Mistress
  Hilda was right behind her. Good! I see she follows orders well. Hilda laughed. You
  should have seen her clit a few days ago. You would know why she is so obedient.
  Show her Denny. A sick feeling came over me as a turned my hands away and
  exposed my self. There were still a few bruises and broken veins that were
  noticeable. Marla reached forward and fondled my balls and clit. Oh, I see
  what you mean. Does Becky know that youthat youyou knowhad to be so... so
  tough? Mistress Hilda nodded her head. Becky knew that he had to be disciplined.
  She will get used to it. In fact, she will learn to like it. 
Marla opened the box that she had brought into the dressing room. I hope
  this fits. They only come two sizes. I watched closely as she broke the plastic
  wrapping and held it up. I could not figure out what it was at first. Marla
  held it in front of my face, and it suddenly became apparent, a chastity device.
  I was filled with fear as the two girls laughed at my obvious disapproval.
  A thousand thoughts ran through my head. I had read about them, and how they
  were used. A wicked wife or Mistress could keep their slave in chastity for
  weeks, even months. How would they know that Becky wanted me to have one? Denny,
  this is your gift to Becky. It says a lot, don't you think? I stumbled for
  words, but could think of anything to say. It tells her Denny, that your satisfaction
  in not important anymore, only hers. It says that you are willing to do without
  for days on end, or months, or even years if she wishes. It says that you live
  only to please her. I was speechless. Would I never be able to cum again?
  I had a sick feeling in my stomach. 
Show him how to put it on Marla. Marla bent down and massaged my clit, and
  it almost immediately began to swell. It had been over a week since I had come,
  and my balls were aching for relief. Marla smiled as my clit rose to attention.
  Dispite the embarrassment of being exposed in front of her for the first time,
  I could not hide my carnal cravings. He has very little control. Hilda looked
  sternly at me, as Marla pulled on my clit. Then without warning she smacked
  it hard. The burning sensation shot though my clit. She did it again, then
  a third time. She spit into the device several times. My erection subsided,
  but remained swollen as she pushed the head into the chastity tube. She quickly
  twisted the latch in place, and attached a small lock. There now, I think
  that does it. How does it feel Denny? I looked down at the device. It was
  transparent and it fit tightly on my cock, I mean my clit. The latch went under
  my balls and around the base of my clit. I could feel a slight tension in my
  balls. I would find out later that this was an intended aggravation. It would
  stimulate me when I was soft by placing sensual pressure on my balls, but would
  also serve as a painful restraint when I became erect. It would take weeks
  for me to get used to it. 
Marla stood up and both she and Hilda surveyed my predicament. Hilda grabbed
  my jaw with her hand. You have a choice to make Denny. You can accept this
  as your gift to Becky, or you can go home empty handed. I looked up at Mistress
  Hilda, and then down at the device. You know of course that if you go home
  empty handed, Becky will know. She will know that you have not changed. I
  knew she was right, yet I was afraid to commit to it. She will know that you
  are really interested in yourself, not her. I thought for a moment. But I
  am devoted to Becky, to Mistress Becky. I love her more than anything. I felt
  my voice quiver. Make up you mind Denny. Now, I am tired of waiting. I hung
  my head. Yes Mistress, I will do it. The key was on a gold chain. She smiled. It's
  the only key. She put the chain around my neck. Make sure you give this to
  Becky. Both of the girls turned and walked out of the dressing room. Mistress
  Hilda turned. Get dressed, and hurry, I don't have all day. I am leaving in
  one minute, if you want a ride. 
I quickly got dressed and ran out the door, Marla smiling as I left. Come
  back soon. I made it to the car just as Mistress Hilda was ready to leave.
  Within a few minutes we were home. I looked at the front of the house. It seemed
  like an eternity had passed since I left. I will come by tomorrow to show
  Becky how to give you your injections. She has a list of things inside for
  you to do before she gets home. I suggest you get busy. I thanked Mistress
  Hilda and we parted. 
To be continued in Chapter 11 
Becky's Slave 
Chapter 11 
It felt so good to be home, and I took a big sigh of relief as the door closed
  behind me. I quickly noticed how messy the house had become. Becky was so used
  to me doing all of the housework, she made no attempt to keep things in order.
  Not wanting to spoil the new clothing Hilda had gotten me, I went to my room
  and began to undress. Becky would only me to wear panties when working in the
  house, and Mistress Hilda made me wear the artificial breasts at all times.
  So, I stripped down to my bra and panties. 
It had been over a week since my last orgasm, and the chastity device was
  a constant reminder. My balls were aching for relief, yet I wanted to remain
  faithful to Becky. I decided it would not be unfaithful to simply free myself
  for a little while. I will just remove the device until Becky gets home. That
  would surely be all right.' I took the key and nervously put it in the lock,
  turned it, and listened as the pressure from my swelling clit forced the device
  to open. It felt so good to be free. I wanted to cum so badly. I knew that
  I must not dwell on it, so I placed the device on the dresser and hurried to
  Becky's room to begin my chores. 
The firs thing I noticed was our, rather her, large unmade bed. The covers
  were strewn about, and clothing, mostly Becky's under things, in the floor.
  As soon as I picked up one of Beck's thongs, I became excited. I could not
  help but bring it to my nose. I sniffed the crotch and particularly the narrow
  strip that rubbed against her ass hole. My clit sprang to attention as the
  scent of her ass teased my nostrils. Her scent was intoxicating. I looked down
  at the head of my penis protruding from the top of my thong. I pushed it to
  the side just in time to keep from dripping precum on the silky material. I
  decided to remove the thong while I was cleaning, just in case. I gathered
  the rest of the clothing and put it in the washer. 
I went back to the bedroom later in the afternoon to remove the sheets. As
  I balled them up into my arms, I noticed how soiled they were in the middle.
  It appeared to be Becky's discharge, but part of it was crusty or flaky. It
  was dried cum. I knew it had to be dried male cum. I dejectedly pushed the
  sheets into the washer. I should have known she was fucking somebody. Why was
  I so disappointed when I saw the evidence? She must be fucking John in our
  bed. I had to come to terms with the reality of our new life. After sulking
  for a short while, I noticed how late it was. She would be home in an hour. 
I finished up the rest of my chores. Just as I got out of the shower, the
  phone rang. I jumped to answer it, knowing that it might be Becky. Hello! There
  was a brief silence. Hello Denny, its me. Are you anxious to see me? All
  of my doubts and fears suddenly left my mind. Yes Mistress, I am so happy
  to hear your voice. I can't wait for you to get home. I could hear her talking
  to someone in the background. Well that's why I called. I am going to be a
  little late. Becky usually gets home at 5:30 , and I have her dinner ready. It
  will be 7 or even 7:30 before I get there. My heart sunk. I was so excited
  to see her. I have some unfinisheda unfinishedbusiness to attend to here
  first. She did not say what it was. My fears returned when I heard a man's
  voice in the background. Go ahead and fix dinner, and I will eat as soon as
  I get there. I really need to go now, so I will see you later. Oh, by the way,
  I understand you have a surprise for me. My heart raced. I should have known
  Hilda would tell her. Yes Mistressyes I do. I hope you like it. Becky giggled. She
  says it is your way of pledging yourself Denny. She did not say what it was,
  only to say that you are giving something up to please me. I looked down at
  my clit as Becky's voice filled my head. Yes Mistress, I am. She giggled
  again said goodbye. 
I did not know what to say about the device. How would I explain it? How could
  I say it so she would not think it waspermanent? Surely she would let me free
  sometimes. I could tell her that it is only for temporary use. The more I thought
  about it, the more concerned I became. I wanted to be loyal to Becky, but my
  balls were aching for release. So many thoughts ran through my mind. I remembered
  the scent of Becky's thong earlier, and my clit began to swell. I wondered
  if she would allow me to service here this evening. I longed to taste her pussy
  and her ass hole. My penis sprang to attention. Within a few moments precum
  was leaking again. I used my finger to remove it from my piss slit. It tasted
  stronger than usual, probably because of how long it had been. 
At seven o'clock I had dinner prepared. I opened a bottle of Beck's favorite
  wine and lit candles. I wanted it to be special for her. I rushed to my room
  to get the chastity device. After a few moments of frustration, I finally got
  it latched. It was not as uncomfortable as it was earlier that day, but still
  a noticeable distraction. I wondered fearfully again how Becky would react.
  After adjusting my Bra and thong, I went to the door to peak out the window.
  I nervously waited. By 7:30 I was scared that she had been delayed. I was afraid
  to call. Becky had forbid to do so unless it was an emergency. Finally, at
  a quarter to 8 , her car pulled up. My heart was in my throat as I waited by
  the door. The garage door went up, and she pulled the car in. The garage door
  went down, and I waited nervously, yet anxious for her to enter the house.
  I swallowed hard as the door opened. 
Goon evening Mistress. I am so glad you are home. Becky looked strangely
  at me at first. Evidently Hilda had told her about the artificial breasts. You
  have lost a pound or two. Becky stood with her hands on her hips. She was
  more beautiful that I had remembered. She looked me over closely, but her eyes
  finally rested on my thong. The silky material was somewhat transparent, and
  the device protruded, forming a visible outline. What is this? Becky pointed
  at my crotch, with a smile on her face. She stepped forward and pushed her
  finger into the elastic band of my thong, and gently pulled it out. I looked
  down as the top of the device came into view. Itit is thethe surprise Mistress. Becky
  smiled more and giggled. I can see that, but what is it? I swallowed hard. It
  is a chastity device Mistress. It isIt is my way ofof saying I could hardly
  get the words out. that my pleasure is not importantnot as important asas
  yours. I hung my head lower. It will keep me from cuming Mistress. 
Becky walked around me several times. She looked at the dining table, the
  candles , and the wine. Pour me some wine Denny. I quickly complied as Becky
  sat down at the bar. Dinner can wait. She sipped her wine for a few moments. I
  thought I told you not to masturbate without my permission. Have you been lying
  to me? I quickly answered. No ma'am. I have not. This is a symbol of my loyalty
  to you, that I will not permit myself relief without your approval. I went
  to the counter and got the gold necklace with the key. And this Mistress is
  the only key, for you to keep. I then fell to my knees with my nose to the
  floor. Please understand Mistress. I want only to please you. 
Becky sat for a moment and sipped her wine, looking at the key. So this is
  the only key? And I can hold it as long as I wish? I nodded my head up and
  down. This is your gift to me? I nodded again. Let me see if I understand
  this. You are giving up your freedom to masturbate? I can withhold that from
  you for as long as I like? I nodded my head. For a month, for 6 months, for
  a year if I wish? I nodded again. For the rest of your life? I was afraid
  to answer. I hope Mistress thatthat youyou will allow me relieffrom time
  to time. As much as I had thought about it, I could not explain myself. 
Stand up Denny, and remove your panties. I want to take a better look at
  it. I stood immediately and removed the thong. I was very nervous, as it made
  me feel more controlled that ever before. I could feel my face burning with
  embarrassment. Becky bent down, her face only inches from the device. She used
  her fingertip to touch it. Then she traced all around it, across my balls,
  and the sensitive area beneath. I could feel the pressure build as my clit
  began to swell within the device. It won't come off without the key? I quickly
  responded. No Mistress. She used her fingernails to lightly scratch my balls.
  The feeling was intense, and my clit swelled to completely fill the tube. Becky
  smiled as she watched. Does it hurt? I swallowed hard. Yes Mistress, a little,
  but only when II get She finished the sentence for me. When you get hard,
  or try to get hard. What happens if you have prolonged stimulation? Will it
  hurt more? I was afraid to answer, because I was not sure. Well? Will it
  hurt more? Will it teach you to think more about me, rather than your own selfish
  desires? With out thinking I responded. Yes Mistress. 
Becky stood up and sat back on the stool. Good. Perhaps we will try it out
  after while. She looked at me for a few moments. I know you have been through
  a lot this week, but don't think that earns you any special favors. She placed
  the necklace around her neck and rubbed the key. I think this may be a good
  idea. In fact, I think it is a marvelous idea. It is obvious to me that you
  have been at least tempted to masturbate. And probably will if I extend your
  periods of abstinence, which I intend to do. So, I like it. We will try it
  for a while. Once you have adapted to it, I will consider letting you out from
  time to time. She thought for a few moments. But let me say this Denny. Begging
  for the key will not endear me to the idea of releasing you. It will be your
  absolute devotion to me that will give you any freedom. She turned and walked
  towards her bedroom. I am going to change clothes Denny. When I return, I
  hope to see my dinner served. 

As soon as Becky left the room, I scrambled to fix her plate and refill her
  wine glass. A few moments later she returned clad only in my favorite nightgown.
  It is a white see through style that barely covers her breasts, and falls slightly
  below her crotch. I seated her at the table and asked if she need anything
  else. You may get under the table and massage my feet. I quickly complied.
  It felt so good to touch Becky again. Even the fragrance of her dirty feet
  filled my senses with excitement. My clit began to swell within the device.
  I could feel the pressure in my balls as I lightly massage her feet. I tenderly
  kissed each toe, and massaged her feet, ankles and calves. Becky gradually
  spread her legs, and for the first time in almost a week I smelled the strong
  feminine scent from between her thighs. My balls ached with desire. Despite
  the painful constriction of the device, I could not help but think of serving
  her. 
When Becky finished eating, she rose from the table and filled her wine glass
  again. Clean up this mess. Then come to my room. I want to be pampered some
  more. I was finished in record time. I could not wait to see Becky again.
  Becky was reading when I entered the room. The picture on the cover caught
  my eye. A woman was sitting on the edge of a bed in stockings and garter belt.
  Two naked men were on their knees in front of her. I am ready to serve you
  Mistress. 
Becky continued to read, seemingly uninterested in my statement. Did you
  want me to stay Mistress? She finally looked up over the book. Then she raised
  her foot high in the air. You can continue what you were doing under the table. I
  got up on the bed and began massaging her feet again. She spread her legs wide,
  giving me a full view of her naked pussy and ass hole. My clit swelled again,
  as the air filled with her feminine scent. I noticed the gooey discharge coming
  from her pussy, and the dried flaky stuff on her pubic hair. I want you to
  clean me up Denny. I have had a busy day. Becky knew how I attracted I was
  to her unwashed pussy, particularly at the end of the day. I edged forward
  as the scent of her sex became stronger. It became obvious what the gooey white
  discharge was. It had to be John. 
I don't hear you Denny. Are you not pleased to clean me? I swallowed quickly. Oh
  yes Mistress! I am honored to serve your needs what ever they may be. I am
  most pleased to savor the scent of your beautiful pussy and ass hole. I quickly
  pushed my face into Becky's pussy, and the pungent scent of John's cum invaded
  my nostrils. She had obviously fucked him just before she came home, and he
  had pumped a large amount of cum into her. Some of it had leaked out and dried
  on her hair, but a large amount was still inside. Clean me out good Denny.
  You need to get used to it. It is different. Isn't it? I was afraid to answer.
  Becky pushed the book to the side and looked directly at me. Answer me Denny!
  It is different now. Is it not? I raised up to answer, and I could taste his
  seed in my mouth. Yes Mistress. It is different. She smiled at me. But you
  like it, don't you? Afraid to upset her I answered with that I did. I licked
  her pussy lips as I spoke. I love to serve you in this way Mistress. I don't
  know why I said it, but I did. Perhaps, deep down inside, I did like it. 
Denny, do you see the book I have been reading? I nodded that I did. It
  is about a woman that has two men serving her. One is her husband, who is a
  submissive like you, and the other is her lover, who is also a submissive.
  She uses both of them as often as she wants. Becky lowered her hand and rubbed
  her finger through the matted pussy hair. It makes me wet Denny. I like reading
  this story. Do you know why? I did not answer. You know why Denny. I have
  a submissive husband, who will do anything, anything I tell him do. Is that
  right? I nodded and replied quickly. Yes Mistress. Becky smiled and rubbed
  her hand on my head. I also have a lover that fucks me when I tell him to.
  He too will do anything I ask. I felt so humiliated and there was nothing
  I could do about it. 
That's right Denny. He fucks me. He fucked me this evening, and you have
  been eating his cum from my pussy. My face burned with shame as she flaunted
  her power over me. Tomorrow Denny, tomorrow you will serve me in a new way.
  That will be my surprise for you. I swallowed hard as I looked down at Becky's
  pussy again. The cum was still oozing out. Despite my embarrassment, the closeness,
  the intimacy with Becky was exciting me. My clit had swelled to capacity within
  the device, and my balls were begging for release. I want you to finish cleaning
  me Denny. As I lapped the remainder of discharge from her pussy, Becky patted
  my head. After a few moments she pushed me away. Go to your room Denny. You
  have a big day tomorrow. 
I felt a strong sense of disappointment. I had hoped that Becky would have
  been happier to see me. It seemed that she was totally rapped up in herself,
  and I hated to even think about the surprise she had in store for me. Yet,
  I could not get it off my mind. What would it be? It was so obvious, yet I
  allowed my own naivety to keep me in suspense. 
All night I dreamed of serving Becky. I awoke several times. My swollen clit
  was soar from the device. My balls ached as well, not only from being denied,
  but from the pressure of the device. I wanted to cum so badly. I rose early
  and prepared Becky a lavish breakfast. I pecked on her door. At the first sign
  of activity in her room Mistress, I have breakfast ready for you. May I bring
  it in to you? I could hear her moving about, but she did not answer. I pecked
  again and repeated. I waited. Yes Denny, you may bring it in now. 
I slowly opened the door and Becky was lying on the bed, again reading her
  book. I placed the tray over her lap. I hope you enjoy it Mistress. Is there
  anything else I can do? Becky picked at her food for a few moments, and then
  she replied. Yes! You can stand there and wait! I don't like to be rushed
  Denny, and you are trying to rush me. Her displeasure upset me. I hung my
  head and looked down at the floor. I am sorry Mistress, I did not mean to.
  Please forgive me. She began eating. Soon she commented on how good it was,
  and how attentive I had been. I felt relieved that I had pleased her. Hilda
  will be by later and we will give you your injection. She continued to eat. I
  can see a difference in you Denny. I think Hilda's training helped. Don't you
  think so too? I nodded my head. 
Denny, our relationship is changing. She looked at me for a few moments.
  She must have sensed my nervousness. Oh, don't worry Denny, I still love you.
  It's just that I have other priorities right now. You will continue to do what
  you have been doing for me. Butyou will be sharing me. I got a very uncomfortable
  feeling in my stomach. I feared what she might say. The training was necessary
  to prepare you for this Denny. I can't have you protesting when I want to do
  somethingwell foreign to you. You must learn to adapt. Can you do that for
  me Denny? She looked me sternly in the eye. I was afraid to answer, yet I
  felt that I must. 
Yes Mistress. I want only to please you. She looked back down at her food
  and began eating again. Good. I waited for her to say more, hoping she would
  share some details with me. But she remained silent, probably testing me. Finally
  I got up the nerve to ask. Mistress, maymay I aska ask some questions? Without
  looking up, she nodded her approval. Mistress, I want to please you, and I
  want you to be happy with me, butdodo I have to I could not get the words
  out. Do what Denny? Spit it out. Do what? I suddenly wished I had not asked. Do
  I have toto serve John too? I felt a sense of relief when I finally got it
  out. I watched as Becky finished the last few bites of her food. You can take
  this back now Denny. I have something to tell you when you return. 
I quickly pulled the tray from Becky's lap, fearful that I might have said
  too much. I rushed to the kitchen and returned quickly, hoping to make amends
  for what I had done. I am sorry Mistress, I should not have asked you that.
  Please forgive me. You do not have to answer. I will not ask She cut me off. That's
  enough Denny. You asked me a question, and now I am going to answer it. But
  before I do, I want to remind you of something. I told you when we started
  this a few months ago. You will do exactly what I tell you to do, or I will
  divorce you. You promised to obey. You did, but with constant protest. I sent
  you to be trained, and you came back, supposedly with a new commitment to me.
  And what do you do? You ask Me what I am going to make You do. 
Becky got up from the bed and stood before me with her hands firmly molded
  to her hips. I knew she was upset, so I fell to my knees. I am sorry Mistress.
  Please forgive me. She slapped me across the face, something she had not done
  before. If you interrupt me one more time, I will make you sorry. I sunk
  to the floor and did not make a sound. You have no right to question anything
  I do. John is coming over here tonight, and you will be formally introduced
  to him. He will serve me, and you will serve me. Know I am going to answer
  your question with a question. Becky looked at me very harshly. Is there
  something you are not willing to do for me tonight? My heart was racing in
  my chest. I had never been so afraid of losing Becky. In that instant I was
  so scared, I agreed to do anything she wanted me to do. Please Mistress, I
  will do anything, anything to please you. I promise to make this evening wonderful
  for you. Please give me this chance to prove my absolute devotion. 
Becky pointed her finger at me in a demanding way, her long manicured nail
  only an inch or so from my nose. If I hear one word of protest form you this
  evening, you will be very sorry. Becky turned and sat on the bed. Pushing
  herself against the headboard, she reached for the book and began leafing through
  it. I waited nervously, afraid to move or say a word. I prayed that she would
  calm down. She finally spoke. I am willing to forget this Dennyas long as
  it does not come up again. You have made so much progress in the last week,
  I hate to let one incident mar' your record, so to speak. Go run my bath water.
  Then come back here and pamper me. I jumped to my feet. Yes ma'am! I will
  do it right away! I was so excited I ran into Becky's bathroom. 
I quickly fixed her bath, just the way she liked it, and returned to the bedroom.
  I slowly slipped into the bed and began worshiping her feet, gradually working
  my way up her legs. Her natural morning scent excited my nostrils, and my swollen
  clit pulsated in the device. For once, the pain in my balls did not matter.
  I was pleasing Becky, and that was the most important thing. Her pussy was
  dripping with excitement. It ran down between her legs and across her delicate
  rosebud. I begged Becky for the privilege to clean her. I edged forward as
  she focused her attention on the book. I would find out later that evening
  how well she would remember the passages. I licked her to two orgasms. She
  rolled over on her tummy and I worshiped her ass. It was almost 10:00 before
  she finally pushed me away and took her bath. 
Becky likes to be alone in the late morning when she is not working. I spent
  that time working about the house, trying to get everything perfect. I was
  anxious to show my devotion to her, but at the same time, extremely nervous
  about John. I tried not to think about what she would make me do. All sorts
  of thoughts entered my head. I could not get it off my mind. I just knew she
  was going to make me suck his cock. I had fantasized about such things, but
  never intended for it to happen. It was always a nameless, faceless man, not
  someone I knew, much less someone like John. I kept trying to think about Becky,
  how I would please her, how I would gain her affection again. I kept telling
  myself that John was just a passing thing, someone she would get tired of. 
Becky met Mistress Hilda for lunch and they came home in the mid afternoon.
  Mistress Hilda showed Becky how to do the injection, and Becky learned quickly. After
  the first week, you can inject him once every other day for two weeks, then
  once a week indefinitely. Mistress Hilda made me remove my artificial breasts.
  Becky smiled when she saw how swollen my nipples had become. It is already
  working. How long will it take for them to reacha reachyou knownormal size? Mistress
  Hilda used her fingers to squeeze my nipples. It's hard to say, but you will
  begin to notice significant growth in a month or so. I was becoming very nervous
  as they talked about me. I felt like an experiment. Have you allowed him to
  remove the devices yet? Becky shook her head no. It would be a good idea
  for you to remove it occasionallyto keep it from irritating his skin. And,
  depending upon how often you let him cum, he should be milked occasionally,
  tolet me say it this wayto clean out his plumbing. They both laughed as
  my face burned with embarrassment. 
How often will you let him cum? Becky hesitated. Well, I have not decided
  that yet. I am still considering how I want to do that. My heart raced with
  anticipation. It had been a long time since I had cum and it was really starting
  to bother me. I don't want to be stuck with a time interval. It will not likely
  be a routine time. Hilda used her hand to squeeze my balls. You may want
  to consider milking him from time to time. I can show you how to do that. Becky
  looked seriously at Hilda. I have heard of that, but I don't know what it
  is. Hilda smiled. It's a great way to empty his balls and... She looked
  up at me. Well let me say it this way, it will not be very enjoyable for Denny. 
Hilda pulled Becky aside and they talked too low for me to hear. Other than
  an occasional glance at me, Becky smiled the entire time. It was obvious that
  Becky was enjoying the milking scheme Hilda had concocted. Think about it.
  I can show you how it is done. It's a good method to use for slaves that are
  unruly, or for slaves that are simply not allowed to cum. 
I listened intently as they continued to talk. I was becoming very worried
  about what Mistress Hilda was telling Becky. I knew she wanted to control my
  orgasms, but I had hoped she would let me cum occasionally. Surely she would
  not just milk' me as Hilda put it. I wanted to please Becky so much but I
  wanted some pleasure for myself. I was getting so confused with my thoughts.
  Maybe she was only trying to scare me. I would be good. I would be very good.
  I will show her. 
To be continued in Chapter 12 







Becky&#8217;s Slave

Chapter 12

 Hilda left a short while later and Becky led me into the study.&nbsp; She sat quietly in her executive style chair, and I fell to my knees beside of her.&nbsp; I always do this when I am in the Study with Becky.&nbsp; This is where she conducts my training and discipline most of the time.&nbsp; My nervousness was probably very noticeable, because I knew John was coming.&nbsp; Becky sat for a few moments looking at me.&nbsp; I am always afraid to stare back when she is in a serious mood.&nbsp;&nbsp; Denny, John will be here tonight and you will be on your best behavior, won&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I swallowed hard.&nbsp; Yes Mistress.&nbsp; You will do everything I ask you to do?&nbsp; I nodded my head.&nbsp; Without protest, and without hesitation?&nbsp;&nbsp; I was scared of the things she would make me do.&nbsp; Yes Mistress.&nbsp; I will be good and do anything you ask.&nbsp; I glanced up at Becky, and her piercing eyes burned through me.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t tell you how important this is to me Denny.&nbsp; Any deviation from your promise will cause me great anger.

She looked at me for a long time in silence.&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally she stood up.&nbsp; Go now and fix us something to eat.&nbsp; Afterwards you will clean up and wear what I place on the bed for you.&nbsp; I rushed to the kitchen to fulfill her wishes.&nbsp; Later I went to my room and cleaned up.&nbsp; When I got out of the shower and dried off, I noticed the assortment of clothing she had laid out, a matching bra, panties, stockings, and garter belt.&nbsp; I quickly dressed and looked in the mirror.&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked more feminine with each passing day.&nbsp; The silky feel of the material caused my clit to swell, and my balls were soon aching with desire.&nbsp; I longed to worship Becky.&nbsp; 

What are you doing Denny.&nbsp; It is almost time.&nbsp; I looked down at my panties.&nbsp; I am sorry Mistress.&nbsp; I was justjust making sure thatthat I am dressed properly.&nbsp; 
Becky looked me up and down.&nbsp; She was dressed provocatively.&nbsp; Her heels were at least 6 inches high, which made her taller than me.&nbsp; The tops of her stockings and garter belt were well below the hem of her short leather skirt.&nbsp;&nbsp; The leather top she wore was nothing more than a flimsy bra, and the ends were cut out, exposing her large swollen nipples.&nbsp; My clit began to swell at the sight of her.&nbsp; Well?&nbsp; My mouth must have dropped to the floor.&nbsp; You are beautiful Mistress, the most beautiful woman in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; She turned and walked slowly out of the room.&nbsp; 

As we entered the living room she pointed at the front door.&nbsp; Go there and wait by the door.&nbsp; I timidly complied.&nbsp; Suddenly the phone rang, and Becky picked it up.&nbsp; She did not say a word, but I could hear a voice on the other end.&nbsp; After a few sentences the voice stopped.&nbsp; Good.&nbsp; I want you to park in the driveway. I trust you are dressed as I told you?&nbsp; I could hear him respond.&nbsp; I knew now it was John.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; You will not wear anything over them.&nbsp; I told you to come in the house as you are, or you can turn around and go back home.&nbsp; Is that clear?&nbsp; There was a faint response.&nbsp; Becky moved to the front window.&nbsp; I can see your car.&nbsp; Then she hung up.&nbsp; 

I got that nervous feeling in my stomach.&nbsp; Unlock the door Denny, but don&#8217;t open it until I tell you to.&nbsp; I quickly complied.&nbsp; A few moments later the doorbell rang.&nbsp;&nbsp; My heart jumped.&nbsp; I watched Becky, but she stood silent.&nbsp; The doorbell rang again.&nbsp;&nbsp; I waited.&nbsp; Finally on the third ring she nodded.&nbsp; I fearfully opened the door.&nbsp; There stood John.&nbsp; He was dressed almost like me; stockings, garter belt, panties.&nbsp; He did not wear a bra.&nbsp; He was as tall as me, but very muscular.&nbsp; It occurred to me that he must workout at the gym every day.&nbsp;&nbsp; He looked briefly at me, then at Becky.&nbsp; You may come in.&nbsp; He hurriedly stepped in briefly looking back outside.&nbsp; I am sure he was conscious of being seen like he was.&nbsp; His face was flushed with embarrassment.&nbsp; It actually calmed my nerves a bit when I realized that he was probably as nervous as me.&nbsp; John, this is Denny.&nbsp; Denny, this is John.&nbsp; We both instinctively raised our hands, but quickly let them fall back to our sides.&nbsp; Shaking hands did not seem like the appropriate thing to do.&nbsp; Becky smiled and raised her eyebrows.&nbsp; You can both follow me.&nbsp; She turned and walked slowly to the couch and sat down.&nbsp; Both of us stood before her.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had never been so nervous.&nbsp; Well, at last we all meet.&nbsp; Becky leaned back with her arms over the back of the couch, and spread her legs.&nbsp; Her panty less crotch immediately came into view.&nbsp; Her pussy was spread, the wet patch of hair showed that she was already excited.&nbsp; 

Both of you get to your knees.&nbsp;&nbsp; John&#8217;s immediate response showed that he had been well trained in obedience.&nbsp; Denny, pull your panties down and show John what you have underneath.&nbsp; I looked down and pushed my finger into the elastic band and pulled them to my knees.&nbsp; See John.&nbsp; See what Denny surprised me with.&nbsp; He is willing to forego orgasms for me, for as long as I wish.&nbsp; Isn&#8217;t that nice?&nbsp; John looked at my encaged clit and nodded his head up and down.&nbsp; Now John, pull your panties down and show Denny what a surprise you have for me.&nbsp; I had purposely avoided glancing at John&#8217;s crotch.&nbsp; Knowing that he had fucked Becky was bad enough, now she was going to make me look at it.&nbsp; Look Denny.&nbsp; Look down at John&#8217;s surprise.&nbsp; I slowly lowered my eyes to John&#8217;s crotch.&nbsp; Becky laughed as my face flushed with emotion.&nbsp; It was massive, bigger than any cock I had ever seen.&nbsp; It was not erect, yet it protruded outward and rested on his oversized balls.&nbsp; A large vein on the top was very noticeable.&nbsp; Take a closer look Denny.&nbsp; My stomach churned as I bent forward.&nbsp; I moved slowly, yet decisively.&nbsp; I did not want to disappoint Becky.&nbsp; I had promised.&nbsp; 

It was as close as I had ever been to another man&#8217;s cock, other than Mary the TV, and I did not really consider her a man.&nbsp; I was only 8 or 10 inches away from it.&nbsp; I said take a closer look Denny!&nbsp; I moved down with my face nearly touching John&#8217;s massive cock.&nbsp; Maybe it was my imagination, but I thought I could even smell him.&nbsp; It was that faint musty odor that a man gets.&nbsp; Touch it Denny.&nbsp; For the first time since I had returned to Becky, I hesitated, only for a moment, but a distinct hesitation.&nbsp; Denny!&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s stern voice scared me, and I knew I must obey.&nbsp; I raised my hand and placed my fingers under the head of John&#8217;s cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was a little shaky, but I complied.&nbsp; Well Denny, feel it.&nbsp; Get used to it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky leaned forward as if to guide me.&nbsp; I felt of the skin on the underside of his shaft, then the large crowned head.&nbsp; His balls Denny, feel his balls too.&nbsp; Use both hands!

My reaction worried me, as I felt a tingle in my balls, and the swelling of my clit.&nbsp; The pressure from the device became more intense.&nbsp; At the same time John&#8217;s cock began to stiffen.&nbsp; I cupped my left hand and placed it under his large balls.&nbsp; They were smooth as silky.&nbsp; I ran the fingers of my right hand up and down the underside of his cock, as it grew fully erect.&nbsp;&nbsp; That&#8217;s good Denny.&nbsp; Now bend down a little more and kiss it.&nbsp; Kiss it Denny.&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s soft voice sounded so soothing.&nbsp; Yet I didn&#8217;t feel ready to do this.&nbsp; I looked up into her beautiful face.&nbsp; It&#8217;s ok Denny.&nbsp; Do it for me.&nbsp; That was what I needed.&nbsp; I wanted to please Becky so badly.&nbsp; I leaned forward and kissed the head of John&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; Again.&nbsp; I kissed it again, only a little slower.&nbsp; That&#8217;s good Denny.&nbsp; Now open your mouth and take him inside you.&nbsp; My heart was thumping as I raised my head enough to look at his hard cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; I noticed a drop of moisture forming on the piss slit.&nbsp; My eyes widened and I looked at Becky.&nbsp; 

Do it Denny.&nbsp; Do it for me.&nbsp; Taste him.&nbsp; I looked back at John&#8217;s cock and slowly opened my mouth.&nbsp; With his balls still in my left hand, and my right hand clutching his shaft, I lowered my head and took it into my mouth.&nbsp; I instinctively used my tongue to massage the underside of his cock head.&nbsp; That&#8217;s when I first tasted his precum.&nbsp; Within a few moments his cock began to pulsate.&nbsp; I feared that he may cum, but he did not.&nbsp; Becky sat back on the couch.&nbsp; Keep sucking him Denny.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t stop until I tell you to.
I closed my eyes, hoping to shield my shame.&nbsp; I could feel my face burning as I performed this most humiliating act.&nbsp; For an instant my mind drifted off to one of my many cocksucking fantasies.&nbsp; I had seen thousands of pictures and movies of girls sucking cocks and drinking cum, and would always wonder how it would feel to take a large load into my mouth.

When was the last time you came John?&nbsp; Becky laughed.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t need to tell me.&nbsp; I know, and so does Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you Denny?&nbsp;&nbsp; It was last night.&nbsp; I had even eaten his cum last night, right out of Becky&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; But it was not full strength.&nbsp; I was mixed with Becky&#8217;s juices.&nbsp; John is used to cuming everynight.&nbsp; Aren&#8217;t you John?&nbsp; I could feel his body move as he nodded his head.&nbsp; You would like to cum tonight too.&nbsp; I know you do.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s voice changed.&nbsp; But you will not cum unless I tell you too.&nbsp; Do you understand me John?&nbsp; I felt him nod again, as I continued to suck and lick his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; The sultry pre ejaculate flavor of his excitement invaded my taste buds.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had always wondered what another man&#8217;s cum would taste like, shooting from his cock to the back of my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; His precum had a salty, yet sweet taste to it, much the same as mine.

You can stop now Denny.&nbsp; Becky rose from the couch and stood over me as I raised my head.&nbsp; I looked down at the floor, burning with shame.&nbsp;&nbsp; John&#8217;s cock was rigid hard.&nbsp; It bobbed up and down as he held off an orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Both of you follow me to the bed.&nbsp; Becky walked into the bedroom and lay down on the bed.&nbsp; She pulled the pillows behind her back, so she could sit up and rest against the headboard.&nbsp; John and I stood at the foot of the bed.&nbsp; Down on your knees, over here.&nbsp;&nbsp; She pointed to an area near the side of the bed, as we got into place.&nbsp; She pulled the book she had been reading up so we could see the cover.&nbsp; Becky had cleverly planned the evening to carry out the events in the book.

I think my two little slaves have some work to do.&nbsp; Becky read passages from the book, some of which we had already performed.&nbsp; She finally sat the book down, and looked at us both for several moments before removing her clothes.&nbsp;&nbsp; She patted her hand on the bed.&nbsp; John, get up here, on your back.&nbsp; John immediately came around the bed and lay on his back as instructed.&nbsp; He had lost his erection, but still he was noticeably swollen.&nbsp; Precum was leaking from the end and running down the shaft.&nbsp; Now you, get up here.&nbsp; She pointed between John&#8217;s legs as I nervously, but dutifully, crept into the bed.&nbsp; I knew she was going to make me suck it again.&nbsp; Without thinking I lowered my face to his crotch. 

Oh good!&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t even have to tell you Denny.&nbsp; You must be looking forward to sucking his big cock some more.&nbsp; I felt my face flush with embarrassment.&nbsp; That is exactly what you are going to do, but first I want to do this.&nbsp; She reached for a pillow.&nbsp; Raise you ass up John.&nbsp; John pushed his hand into the bed and raised his muscular ass as high as he could while Becky pushed the pillow underneath.&nbsp; John&#8217;s crotch was now widely spread, his puckered ass hole in plain view.&nbsp; My stomach churned with disgust as I imagined what Becky might force me to do.&nbsp; The mischievous smile on her face only confirmed my suspicion.&nbsp; She pushed her finger between my lips and tickled my tongue.&nbsp; I have some big plans for this Denny.&nbsp; Then her smile broke into a sinister giggle.&nbsp; But first I want you to get down there and kiss John&#8217;s balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; He likes that.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you John?&nbsp;&nbsp; John nodded his head in approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; Remember the cute little secretary we had over one night?&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s revelation shocked me.&nbsp; She looked right at me after she said it, to see how I reacted.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t act so surprised Denny.&nbsp; I have an appetite for more than just men and boys.&nbsp; She paused for a moment.&nbsp; If you are good boy, I man invite her over one night.&nbsp; You can watch us play. 

I was momentarily stunned.&nbsp; So many thought ran through my head.&nbsp; I wondered if she and Hilda&nbsp;&nbsp; Beckys shocked me back into reality.&nbsp; Denny!&nbsp; I am waiting.&nbsp; I shock my head a little and looked down at John&#8217;s balls, then up at Becky.&nbsp; She slowly shook her head, as I lowered mine.&nbsp;&nbsp; I noticed the musty male scent as I touched my lips to his balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kiss them all over all over Denny.&nbsp; Make him feel good.&nbsp; Get him hard again.&nbsp; I want to FUCK him!&nbsp; I closed my eyes, trying not to think about what I was doing.&nbsp; I began kissing his ball sack.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are doing a good job Denny.&nbsp; But I want you take them into your mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go ahead do it.&nbsp; I nervously placed my fingers under his large ball sack and opened my mouth, pushing one of his balls into my mouth.&nbsp; The salty sweaty flavor excited me.&nbsp; Suddenly I was enjoying it.&nbsp; Now Denny, gently suck on it, not hard, but gentle.&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s voice was soothing and sensual.&nbsp; I knew I was pleasing her.&nbsp; Now the other Denny.&nbsp; Put it into you mouth too.&nbsp; I opened a little wider and pushed his other gland into my mouth.&nbsp; I watched as his cock grew ridged.&nbsp; All I could see was his cock before my eyes, flinching and pulsating as a gredily sucked his balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; He began to moan.&nbsp; 

Don&#8217;t you dare cum John!&nbsp; Not yet!&nbsp; I will tell you when.&nbsp;&nbsp; He settled down and quit moaning.&nbsp; That&#8217;s enough Denny.&nbsp; I think he is almost ready.&nbsp; Becky raised up and straddled John&#8217;s body as I slowly released his balls and moved away. The sight of her beautify ass and pussy excited me even more.&nbsp;&nbsp; My balls ached for relief.&nbsp; I noticed the precum dripping from the head of John&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; The whole scene was erotic.&nbsp; Suck John&#8217;s cock again and make it wet for me Denny.&nbsp; I quickly moved my head between Becky&#8217;s legs in order to take John&#8217;s cock into my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I could not believe my reaction.&nbsp;&nbsp; The salty taste of his precum exicted my mouth.&nbsp; Suck and lick it Denny.&nbsp; Make it real wet for my pussy.&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s voice made me even more excited.&nbsp; My poor little clit was swollen tightly it the device, and my balls were aching with desire.&nbsp; I felt like I would lose all control and cum without stimulation if my excitement grew much more.&nbsp; 

After a few moments of teasing and taunting me, Becky reached back and pushed my head away.&nbsp; That&#8217;s enough Denny.&nbsp; I want to feel him inside of me.&nbsp; Hold his cock up Denny, and spread my pussy lips. Do it!&nbsp; I quickly complied.&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s pussy dripped with moisture as I spread her lips.&nbsp; The scent of her sex filled the air.&nbsp; My face was only inches from her ass, and I could smell the musty odor of her ass hole.&nbsp; I thought my balls would explode.&nbsp; I held John&#8217;s cock up just in time as Becky lowered herself on to the large swollen head.&nbsp; He thrust himself up slightly to push the head between Becky&#8217;s pussy lips.&nbsp; Becky moaned as she forced herself down on his cock.&nbsp; It was so large; it did not immediately go in.&nbsp; Becky pulled up slightly and lowered herself several times until his cock head passed through the opening of her pussy.&nbsp; The scene was intense.&nbsp; I moved even closer, my nose and mouth was practically touching John&#8217;s balls again.&nbsp; Their scents were driving me crazy.

I had never been so excited in all of my life.&nbsp; Precum was dripping from the end of my device, unto the sheets.&nbsp; Becky was moaing and talking incessantly.&nbsp; I love the feel of your cock!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; Keep fucking me!&nbsp; Fuck me!&nbsp; Fuck me!&nbsp; Fuck me!&nbsp; I want to cum!&nbsp; Oh God, I want to cum!&nbsp; Her pussy was producing so much cream that it was running down John&#8217;s large cock, onto his balls and down the crack of his ass.&nbsp; The smell of Becky&#8217;s sex was strong in the air.&nbsp; Lick my ass hole you dirty slut!&nbsp; Lick my ass hole!&nbsp; Becky had never called me that name.&nbsp; It hurt me at first, but I knew, deep down inside, that I was a dirty slut.&nbsp; I wanted to lick her ass hole, drink her cum, and lick John&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; I placed my hands on Becky&#8217;s tight ass cheeks and placed my lips on her ass hole.&nbsp; Her rich scent invaded my nostrils.&nbsp; I was virtually on the very verge of climax, yet unable to cum.&nbsp; I used one hand to grasp my balls as the agonizing pleasure surged in my groin.&nbsp; Eat it you slut boy, eat my ass.&nbsp; That&#8217;s all you deserve you submissive piece of meat.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t deserve to fuck me!&nbsp; 

Becky continued to taunt me.&nbsp; This went on for 15 or 20 minutes.&nbsp; She rode his cock through two orgasms and was working on a third.&nbsp;&nbsp; I licked and kissed her ass, occasionally using my mouth on John&#8217;s cock as it pleasured Becky&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; He was now soaked with her pussy cream, and the entire room filled with their scent.&nbsp; I am going to cum again!&nbsp; Oh my God!&nbsp; Ahhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp;&nbsp; Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp; Becky finally collapsed on top of John.&nbsp; I continued to kiss her ass until she recovered from the massive orgasm.&nbsp; I had never seen Becky so thoroughly spent.&nbsp; 

Finally Becky moved off John and lay down on the bed, rubbing her breasts with one hand, and her pussy with the other.&nbsp;&nbsp; She looked at John, his large erection still pulsating.&nbsp; She reached over and lightly scratched it with her fingernail.&nbsp; Would you like to cum John?&nbsp; I watched as John looked lovingly at Becky.&nbsp; For some reason he did not answer.&nbsp; Becky looked at me.&nbsp; He knows not to ask.&nbsp; It does not matter whether he wants to cum or not.&nbsp; It is my decision, not his.&nbsp; Of course he wants to cum.&nbsp; You do too.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you Denny?&nbsp; She looked down at my swollen clit trapped inside the device, precum dripping from the end.&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor baby.&nbsp; How do your balls feel Denny?&nbsp; Do they ache?&nbsp; Are they blue?&nbsp; She began to laugh.&nbsp; I was afraid to answer, so I just looked down at the bed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well you are not going to cum!&nbsp; Her voice changed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not until you prove your devotion to me.&nbsp;&nbsp; And don&#8217;t think that one evening of servitude will prove that.&nbsp; 

Becky sat up in the bed.&nbsp; John has proven himselfa number of times.&nbsp; She ran her fingertip up and down his erection, teasing him, his eyes begging, but his mouth never opened.&nbsp; How he kept his balls from erupting, I don&#8217;t know.&nbsp;&nbsp; He certainly had more control than me.&nbsp; I think you deserve to cum John.&nbsp; 

Becky put her hand to her chin and pouted her lips.&nbsp; Let me see, how shall I let you cum?&nbsp; She thought for a moment.&nbsp; Should I fuck you until you cum?&nbsp; She paused.&nbsp; No, I don&#8217;t think so.&nbsp; I am tired of fucking tonight.&nbsp; Shall I let you masturbate?&nbsp; She thought for a second, smiling.&nbsp;&nbsp; No, I have seen you do that many times.&nbsp; An anxious feeling came over me as I realized where she was leading.&nbsp;&nbsp; She smiled again and looked at me.&nbsp; I know how you will cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; She took the same finger she had been teasing John with, and put it to my lips.&nbsp; Denny will make you cum! 

My face burned with shame as they both looked at me.&nbsp; John&#8217;s cock was ridged with precum dripping from the piss slit.&nbsp; His balls were still wet with Becky&#8217;s juices, and his puckered anus soaked as well.&nbsp; She leaned across John&#8217;s chest and lay down, curling her finger at me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Come closer Denny.&nbsp; Come over here and help John cum.&nbsp; I got that sick feeling in my stomach, knowing what I had to do.&nbsp; Becky was testing me, waiting for me to make a mistake.&nbsp; To hesitate or protest at this point would be foolish, and I knew it.&nbsp; So, I slowly moved my face between John&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; His musty male scent mixed with the rich feminine smell of Becky&#8217;s cum penetrated my nostrils again.&nbsp; Despite the humiliation of sucking his cock in front of Becky, I could not deny how excited I had become.&nbsp; The musty scent of John&#8217;s balls combined with the secretions from Becky&#8217;s hot pussy was pushing me close to the edge.&nbsp; Becky began to taunt me as I moved to take his cock in my mouth.

That&#8217;s good my little sub.&nbsp; Suck on his big cock and make him cum.&nbsp; Hilda told me how good a job you did on Mary.&nbsp; I had almost forgotten that, and I had no idea she told Becky about it.&nbsp;&nbsp; You like sucking cock and eating cum, don&#8217;t you Denny?&nbsp;&nbsp; I nodded my head, knowing that any sign of disagreement would not please here.&nbsp; Tell me how much you like to suck cock Denny.&nbsp; I want to hear you say it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I swallowed hard and looked at Becky.&nbsp; The smile melted from her face.&nbsp; She expected an immediate response.&nbsp; I love toto suckto suck cock Mistress.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you Mistress for allowing me toto suckhis cock.&nbsp; 

Becky laughed.&nbsp; You can&#8217;t fool me Denny.&nbsp; You may fool yourself, but not me.&nbsp; You think you are saying that just to please me, but you really do like it!&nbsp; You just won&#8217;t admit it!&nbsp; I must have looked puzzled to Becky.&nbsp; I was not sure what she was saying.&nbsp; 

Think about it Denny.&nbsp; Her voice was loud.&nbsp; You surrender yourself to all females.&nbsp; You wear panties.&nbsp; You kiss and lick assholes.&nbsp; Becky held her hands in the air, two fingers on each moving back and forth.&nbsp; Male and female ass holes!&nbsp;&nbsp; I felt so ashamed.&nbsp; You agree to have your cock imprisoned so you can&#8217;t have an orgasm.&nbsp; She paused for a moment and calmed down.&nbsp; You feel guilty Denny, guilty, because you crave cock and semen.&nbsp; You want to taste cock so bad, you will do anything.&nbsp; But you try to hide it from yourself.&nbsp; She was silent again as I starred at John&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; I thought to myself.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; She can&#8217;t be right.&nbsp; I am not gay.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to do this.&nbsp; I am doing it because she wants me to.&nbsp; Lick it clean Denny!&nbsp; She pushed my face to his balls and I began licking them.&nbsp; Was she right, I thought?&nbsp; I licked all over his balls, and then started up his cock.&nbsp; He must have been nearing orgasm because his cock was twitching.&nbsp;&nbsp; I pulled it to my mouth and brought it into me.&nbsp;&nbsp; The salty preejaculate excited my taste buds.&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked up to Becky&#8217;s face, and she was smiling again.

In a low whisper Becky turned her head and looked at John.&nbsp; You can cum now John.&nbsp; Its ok.&nbsp; She turned back to look at me.&nbsp; My heart raced as I felt John&#8217;s body begin to move.&nbsp; Slowly at first, then gradually he humped.&nbsp; I began bobbing up and down on his cock.&nbsp; I grabbed his balls with one hand and put the other around the base of his shaft.&nbsp; He started moaning, louder and louder.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh God, I am going to cum!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp;&nbsp; Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp;&nbsp; Suddenly his cock erupted and spewed a large volume of cum into my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; The hot creamy taste filled my senses.&nbsp; I had never tasted anything like it.&nbsp; I could not decide whether it was good or bad.&nbsp; Then he shot again.&nbsp; This time I could not take it all and it began spewing out the side of my mouth.&nbsp; I tried to swallow, but could not bring myself to do it.&nbsp; Then he shot a third time.&nbsp; I could not believe how much cum was in his balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could feel some seep into my nose.&nbsp; Finally after the 4th eruption, his orgasm began to subside. He moaned softly and quit moving.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my God John.&nbsp; That is the biggest load I have ever seen.&nbsp; Becky raised up for John to see.&nbsp; My embarrassment and shame reached a new level.&nbsp; I felt like my face was on fire.&nbsp; I pulled away from his cock, cum dripping from my mouth and down my chin.&nbsp; Look at all of that cum!&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t waste it Denny.&nbsp; I want you to lick all of that up right now!&nbsp; 

The taste was strong in my mouth, but I did not gag.&nbsp; I thought I was getting used to it, so I tried to swallow.&nbsp;&nbsp; My clit tingled as the mouth full of cum slid down my throat. Becky pointed her finger at John&#8217;s oozing piss slit.&nbsp; I bent forward and licked it off.&nbsp; Wait a minute!&nbsp; Becky pushed her finger along my chin and scooped a big wad of cum into my mouth.&nbsp; I promptly sucked her finger dry.&nbsp; Now lick it off his cock.&nbsp; My face burned with shame as I licked his cock like a cheap whore.&nbsp; Get it off his belly too.&nbsp; Becky pulled his now softening cock to the side, as I liked the gooey mess from his belly.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky placed her finger and thumb around the base of John&#8217;s shaft, and drew them up, straining the remainder of semen from of his urethra.&nbsp; The large load remaining in the length of his shaft slowly flowed on to her fingers..&nbsp; 

By now the taste of his cum had permeated my taste buds.&nbsp; I dutifully licked the remainder of cum from Beck&#8217;s fingers, and she pushed them into my mouth for me to clean.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s make sure we got it all.&nbsp; Becky strained his shaft one more time to produce a modest wad of semen.&nbsp; She pulled his softening shaft to my lips.&nbsp; Lick it off Denny.&nbsp; My humiliation was complete.&nbsp; Or at least I thought I was.

As I moved backwards Becky placed her fingers under John&#8217;s large flaccid ball sack.&nbsp; Oh, look at how sweaty it is, and all that cum of mine ran down in there.&nbsp; She looked at me and pointed to John&#8217;s ass crack.&nbsp; Look at all that cum!&nbsp; You have to get that out of there Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had just experienced the most shame and humiliation in my life, and Becky wanted to make it worse.&nbsp; How could I possible lick his ass hole?&nbsp; Becky noticed the disappointment on my face.&nbsp; She gave me a piercing stare.&nbsp; I knew she was mad, and I had to react quickly.&nbsp; I am sorry Mistress.&nbsp; I will clean it up right away.&nbsp; I took a deep breath and pushed my nose between his ass cheeks and began licking at his puckered hole.&nbsp; I could feel my face burning with shame.&nbsp; The acrid taste and smell of his asshole was degrading.&nbsp; I licked my way up to his scrotum and cleaned off the underside of his ball sack.&nbsp; Both of their scents were still strong in the air.&nbsp; That&#8217;s a good boy Denny.&nbsp; Now you can thank John for cuming in your mouth.&nbsp; 

Once again I was mortified at the level of humiliation Becky was subjecting me to.&nbsp; I had not idea that she would take it this far.&nbsp; Yet I felt powerless to disobey.&nbsp;&nbsp; I hung my head in total shame.&nbsp; Thanka thank you John forfor cumingin my mouth.&nbsp; John did not answer, and I continued to look down, melting in total disgrace.&nbsp; You can go to your room now Denny.&nbsp; I do not want to hear from you until morning.&nbsp; I slowly crept from the bed and walked to the door, wondering if John would sleep in her bed tonight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh Denny, one more thing!&nbsp; You are not to wash your mouth out tonight.&nbsp; You go directly to bed!&nbsp; Do you understand me?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I swallowed again, the taste of his semen still strong in my mouth.&nbsp; My humiliation was complete.&nbsp; Yes Mistress.&nbsp; 


To be continued in Chapter 13









Becky&#8217;s Slave

Chapter 13

John did spend the night, and I was forced to serve them both again the next day.&nbsp; It was the most humiliating weekend of my life.&nbsp; He finally went home on Sunday afternoon.&nbsp; Not only did Becky ignore my needs, she found every excuse to taunt and humiliate me thoroughly.&nbsp; By Sunday evening she was exhausted, from the sex, the excitement, and the thrill of dominating me all weekend.&nbsp; 

The days passed and Becky continued my injections.&nbsp; After 3 weeks, my breasts were noticeably larger.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky allowed me to remove the artificial breasts and return them to Hilda.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every weekend Becky would put me through a relentless tease session, suggesting that she would allow me to cum if I were good.&nbsp; But I could never achieve the level of perfection she demanded.&nbsp; Becky had noted on the calendar the last time that I had been allowed to cum.&nbsp; Each weekend she would count the days, teasing and taunting me.&nbsp; She enjoyed watching me beg and plead with her.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

It has been over 40 days Denny.&nbsp; It was Friday evening and I had prepared a very special dinner for Becky, hoping she would free me from the device.&nbsp;&nbsp; As much as I loved Becky and wanted to serve her, each day bought a higher level of agony, as my abstinence grew harder and harder to bear.&nbsp; Yes ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; It has been so long ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; II know I am not supposedsupposed to ask ma&#8217;am, but myI want to cum so badly.&nbsp; Becky smiled at me and used her hand to pat me on the head.&nbsp; I stood beside of her almost in tears as I humbly begged for her mercy.&nbsp; I will do anything you want.&nbsp; Becky laughed.&nbsp; She had just come home from work, and I had poured her a glass of wine.&nbsp; She put her finger under my chin and spoke softly.&nbsp; You must have patients Denny.&nbsp; Follow me into the bedroom Denny.&nbsp; Help me out of these clothes.&nbsp; It has been a long week and I am tired.&nbsp; 

She began walking toward the bedroom, and I followed her on my hands and knees.&nbsp; She quickly undressed, throwing her clothes to the floor.&nbsp; I picked up each garment and hung it in her closet.&nbsp; She seductively removed her bra.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then she smiled and winked as she slipped off her panties, and pushed them into my face.&nbsp; Her strong feminine scent filled my nostrils.&nbsp; I loved the smell of Becky&#8217;s panties when she took them off, still warm and scented.&nbsp; 

So you want to cum Denny?&nbsp; I felt a surge of confidence, thinking she may allow me to cum.&nbsp; Yes ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; I willI will do anything ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; My penis swelled to capacity within the device and the ever-present ache in my balls urged me to beg even more.&nbsp; Please Mistress, please allow me to cum!&nbsp; Becky listened for a moment, and then turned without a word, and reached for one of her favorite nightgowns.&nbsp; 

She had not mentioned John&#8217;s name for over a week.&nbsp; I had overheard her discussing him with Hilda one evening on the phone.&nbsp; I was almost certain that Becky had grown tired of him.&nbsp; She told Hilda several times that she may not see &#8216;him&#8217; again.&nbsp; She did not mention his name, but I was sure it was John she meant.&nbsp; She had also been home on time every evening, another sign that she was not seeing him.

Becky&#8217;s nightgown barely covered her beautiful ass.&nbsp; The material was so thin; I could see her dark pubic hair and the nipples of her breasts.&nbsp; This only increased my desires.&nbsp; She ate dinner without a word, glancing at me occasionally.&nbsp;&nbsp; After dinner I made sure she was comfortable and had everything she wanted.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know why, but I sensed strongly that she would allow me relief.&nbsp; Perhaps it was just wishful thinking, and it would later prove to be a false hunch.&nbsp;&nbsp; As I think back, she knew I was more hopeful than usual.&nbsp; That probably made her more intent on denying me.

She motioned with her finger and I quickly found my place between her widespread legs, sniffing the fragrant odor of her unwashed pussy.&nbsp; Mistress, you smell so wonderful.&nbsp; May I give you pleasure?&nbsp; Becky always makes me beg several times before she allows me to service her.&nbsp; I think it heightens her desire to humiliate me.&nbsp; I continued to take in her wonderful scent, my clit pulsating in the device.&nbsp; I used my finger several times to remove the precum, dripping almost constantly from the end.&nbsp; After 40 days of abstinence I was in almost a constant state of excitement.&nbsp; Finally Becky raised her arms and placed her hands behind her head.&nbsp; You may begin.

I dove into the swampy gap between Becky&#8217;s legs and devoured her pussy.&nbsp; As many time as I have eaten her musky hole and drank her juices, it never ceases to excite me.&nbsp; Becky rapidly came to her first orgasm and shot a large amount of cum into my mouth.&nbsp; I love to feel her squirt in my mouth.&nbsp; She pulled my face into her wet hairy pussy and rubbed her juice all over me.&nbsp;&nbsp; My senses were filled with her taste and odor. 

That was good Denny.&nbsp; She relaxed into the couch.&nbsp; Now, get your toilet mouth open again.&nbsp; I have to piss.&nbsp; My balls were aching madly as I place my mouth on her sex.&nbsp; No sooner than I sealed my lips, her strong piss shot into my mouth.&nbsp; I drank it down as she continued to fill my mouth.&nbsp; When I thought she was finished, I pulled my mouth away and looked at her luscious pussy lips.&nbsp;&nbsp; Almost immediately she pushed her pussy forward and shot another stream of golden piss into my face.&nbsp; The force was so great I closed my eyes and turned my head without thinking.&nbsp; The piss dripped from my face onto the carpet below.

You stupid idiot!&nbsp; I was even thinking about letting you cum, and look what you have done!&nbsp; Get your mouth down there&nbsp; right now and lick that up!&nbsp; Becky flew into a rage. She pointed down at the wet spot on the carpet.&nbsp; I hurriedly lowered my face and sucked on it.&nbsp; What did I tell you about that?&nbsp; Huh?&nbsp; What did I tell you?&nbsp; Becky rose up and stood over me.&nbsp; My heart was beating widely as disappointment surged through my body.&nbsp; Get you ass into your room!&nbsp; I jumped to my feet and ran to the room, with Becky stomping behind me.&nbsp; Get you toilet face into the piss pot!&nbsp; Now!&nbsp; I always left the slave toilet out in case Becky wanted to use it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I fell to the floor and hurriedly placed my head through the opening.&nbsp; Becky attached each of my wrists and locked them in place.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to hear a word from you the rest of the evening.&nbsp; Then she closed the lid.&nbsp; 

My dream had turned into a nightmare.&nbsp; Not only had Becky denied me again, she was now mad at me.&nbsp; I cried quietly for several minutes.&nbsp; I could hear Becky roaming around the house.&nbsp; Then I hear her talking on the phone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda, how are you?&nbsp; Good.&nbsp; I am doing fine.&nbsp; She paused for a while.&nbsp; Well, he is not doing so good.&nbsp; I had to punish him tonight.&nbsp; She pause again as Hilda talked.&nbsp; No.&nbsp;&nbsp; It has been 41 days.&nbsp; I could hear a faint voice from Hilda.&nbsp; She must have started talking louder.&nbsp; That&#8217;s why I called.&nbsp; I guess it is time for him to cum, but I don&#8217;t think he deserves it.&nbsp; You said there was a way&nbsp; Hilda must have cut her off.&nbsp; There were a few moments of silence.&nbsp; Can you come over tomorrow?&nbsp; They talked for a few more minutes, and then Becky walked through the house again.&nbsp; 

I heard her coming into the room.&nbsp; The seat opened and Becky sat down without saying a word.&nbsp; The chamber quickly filled with her scent, and a few moments later a spray of piss covered my face.&nbsp; She allowed herself to drip on me for several minutes.&nbsp; She left without talking.&nbsp; A long time passed, probably an hour.&nbsp; Becky returned and pissed on my face again.&nbsp; She got up and walked out, turning off the light and shutting the door.&nbsp; 

Needless to say, it was a long night.&nbsp; Becky came in twice more during the night and pissed on my face without saying a word.&nbsp; As the morning light filled the room, I could smell the dried piss on my face and hair.&nbsp; Becky finally came in and sprayed my face with her strong morning flow.&nbsp; Then she reached down and released my ankles.&nbsp; Clean your self up and fix me some breakfast Piss Face!

I hated for Becky to be upset with me.&nbsp; I worried about it the rest of the morning, but I worked extra hard to please her.&nbsp; Becky allowed me to crawl under the table as she ate breakfast.&nbsp; I kissed and caressed her feet and legs, but she did not allow me to go any further.&nbsp; Her strong morning scent excited me.&nbsp; Afterwards she lay on the couch and criticized me.&nbsp; I had cleaned house thoroughly the day before, but she nitpicked more than usual&nbsp;&nbsp; I want this place spotless Denny.&nbsp; You are slacking lately and I don&#8217;t like it.&nbsp; Not only in your chores, but in your duty to me.&nbsp;&nbsp; She spread her legs and ran her finger through the thick matted hair.&nbsp; I need an orgasm Denny, and I want it now!&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I quickly ran to the couch and dropped to my knees.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without the slightest bit of hesitation, I pushed my face into her pussy and found her clit.&nbsp;&nbsp; I used my tongue to make her feel good.&nbsp; She was moaning within seconds.&nbsp; The smell and taste of her pussy was glorious.&nbsp; I could not get enough.&nbsp;&nbsp; My balls ached with lust as I drank in her feminine odor.&nbsp; Oh God, that feels good!&nbsp; I need this!&nbsp; I deserve this Denny!&nbsp;&nbsp; I felt a burst of pride as Becky squirmed and moaned with pleasure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her juices were thick and copious.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could tell she was ready to cum.&nbsp; Becky pulled my face to her swampy crotch.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp; Oh my god!&nbsp; Ohhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I held my face to her pussy and gently licked between the folds of her outer labia as her orgasm subsided.&nbsp; She finally let go of my head.&nbsp; As I rose up, she placed her foot into my chest, and pushed.&nbsp; Now get to work!&nbsp; I want this place spotless.&nbsp; Again, like so many times, the disappoint surged through my body.&nbsp; Tease and denial, tease and denial, a constant process of disappointments was all I got.&nbsp; Becky seemed to never compliment me in any way.&nbsp; 

As the morning past Becky would inspect everything that I did, pointing out discrepancies, and giving more orders.&nbsp; She went outside and worked in the flowers, one of the very few things she did not make me do, probably because she enjoyed it.&nbsp; The sun was hot and she returned with a layer of sweat all over her body.&nbsp; She motioned with her finger and I followed obediently to her bedroom, where she stood and allowed me to remove her clothes.&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess the warm sun and fresh air had renewed her desires.&nbsp;&nbsp; She guided my head between her legs again, and ordered me to service her thoroughly.&nbsp;&nbsp; The sweaty swampy smell of her pussy and ass hole drove me into a fit of sexual tension.&nbsp; I licked the salty sweat from her ass crack and cleaned it methodically with my tongue, hoping to please her.&nbsp;&nbsp; I brought her to two more orgasms, her pussy overflowing with juice and girl cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky was unusually horny, and I loved to please when she is in that way.&nbsp; Unfortunately it drives my excitement level as well.&nbsp; My balls were no aching terribly.&nbsp; 

After her last orgasm subsided, Becky made me trim her toenails and apply a fresh coat of polish.&nbsp; Her legs remained spread the entire time and my head was filled with her musky scent.&nbsp; I could hardly keep my eyes off of her wet pussy.&nbsp; It continued to discharge as I tended her.&nbsp;&nbsp; She would occasionally laugh and catch it on her finger, then smear it on my lips.&nbsp;&nbsp; She noticed the constant flow of precum from the end of my device, and would occasionally tickle my balls in a teasing manner.&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor Denny, hasn&#8217;t cum in 42 days.&nbsp; Maybe Mistress will let him cum today if he is good.

Shortly after lunch the doorbell rang, and the door opened before I had a chance to respond.&nbsp; Hilda usually let herself in if the door was unlocked.&nbsp; My heart jumped when I say Hilda.&nbsp; Mary was with her.&nbsp; My face burned with shame as I say her.&nbsp; I ducked back into the kitchen as Becky greeted them.&nbsp; Good morning ladies.&nbsp; I am so glad you came over.&nbsp; Go in to the living room and sit down.&nbsp; I will have Denny bring us something to drink.&nbsp; My stomach was in knots.&nbsp; I knew she must have something planned for me, and I knew it was going to be embarrassing and degrading.&nbsp; Becky stepped into the kitchen.

Her voice was low but demanding.&nbsp; Get them some refreshment Denny!&nbsp; Now!&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want any difficulties with you today like we had last night.&nbsp; Do you understand me?&nbsp; I looked down at the floor.&nbsp; Yes ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; Becky turned and walked out.&nbsp; I was wearing my silky apron, the one that Becky makes me wear when I am working in the house.&nbsp; It is almost transparent, and the device protruded enough to be noticeable.&nbsp; My breasts were becoming very feminine, swelling a little more each day.&nbsp; It would be the first time that Mary would see them.&nbsp; I quickly prepared a tray of drinks.&nbsp; I swallowed hard and nervously walked into the living room.&nbsp; They were talking briskly until I entered the room.&nbsp; All eyes were on me.

Oh my, look at those perky little tits!&nbsp; Mary&#8217;s strong voice embarrassed me, and I could feel the wave of heat go through my face and neck.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t wait to play with those.&nbsp; Come over here Denny!&nbsp; I looked at Becky for a sign of approval.&nbsp; She raised her eyebrows, and pushed her lips together, nodding slightly.&nbsp; I sat the drinks down on the table and walked apprehensively to stand beside of Mary.&nbsp; She immediately raised her hands and felt of my breasts.&nbsp; Oh they are coming along nicely Becky.&nbsp; How often are you doing the injections now?&nbsp; My face burned like fire.&nbsp; A couple of times a week.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary raised my apron and used her fingers to rub my freshly shaven balls.&nbsp; They are so smooth.&nbsp; Have you tried waxing him yet?&nbsp; My heart jumped at the thought.&nbsp; I had heard about waxing and that it was very painful.&nbsp;&nbsp; No, I have not.&nbsp; I make him shave daily.

Mary continued to feel around my crotch, stoking my balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; She even wedged her finger between my ass cheeks and tickled my balls.&nbsp; I felt totally ashamed, being fondled in front of three people like this, particularly with one of them being my wife.&nbsp; Yet, her strong hands against my skin felt good.&nbsp; It had been so long since I had cum.&nbsp; Any type of stimulation would excite me.&nbsp; Despite my embarrassment, I could feel the tightness in the chastity device.&nbsp; My clit was swelling.&nbsp; 

Oh look girls.&nbsp; Look at this!&nbsp; My humiliation was heightened again as Mary displayed my lack of control.&nbsp;&nbsp; He still can&#8217;t control himself.&nbsp; The girls laughed as I burned with embarrassment.&nbsp; Yet the aching in my balls, and the tingle in my clit was even stronger.&nbsp; I felt an almost uncontrollable urge to cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have not emptied his balls for over 40 days now, 42 to be exact.&nbsp; Get the calendar Denny, and show them.&nbsp; Show them how long it has been since you came!&nbsp; I looked at Becky as Mary and Hilda stared at me, smiling, basking in my shame.&nbsp;&nbsp; I hurried to my bedroom where the calendar was displayed on the wall.&nbsp; I returned to the living room and handed it to Becky.&nbsp; 

No Denny.&nbsp; You show it to them.&nbsp; Pull this month&#8217;s page over and show them last month.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know where Becky got the calendar, but it each month had a different picture of a little girl.&nbsp; She modeled bras, petticoats, panties, and an assortment of under things that girls used to wear years ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky told me that it would be a constant reminder of my submissive feminine status.&nbsp; 

I pulled the page back to last month.&nbsp; The 8th day was circled.&nbsp; Now flip it to this month Denny.&nbsp; I flipped the page over.&nbsp; What is today Denny?&nbsp; I looked at Becky.&nbsp; It is the 20th ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; The 20th!&nbsp; So, how many days Denny?&nbsp; How long has it beensince you came?&nbsp; I could feel my face burning again, just like it used to in school when I was a kid, and I got caught doing something wrong in class.&nbsp; It has beenaa 42 days ma&#8217;am.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky smiled.&nbsp; 42 days, since when Denny?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I swallowed hard.&nbsp; Since I came ma&#8217;am.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky slowly moved her head back and forth.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think you are making yourself clear Denny.&nbsp; I want you to point at the calendar and explain to Hilda and Mary how long it has been since you came, and how much you want to cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to cum today Denny, you must be very clear.&nbsp; Do you undersand?

I had never been so embarrassed. I could feel the heat emanating from my face and chest.&nbsp; I strived to find the words, but I could not.&nbsp; Tell them Denny!&nbsp; I looked at Becky, then at Hilda and Mary.&nbsp; Suddenly Becky slapped me across the face.&nbsp; The sharp sting scared me, and I put my hand on my cheek.&nbsp; Tell them this instant!&nbsp; My mouth was dry and I tried to swallow.&nbsp; I looked at Hilda and Mary.&nbsp; I haveI have not cum forfor 42 daysandand I want toto cum so badly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked back at Becky.&nbsp; Her dark piercing eyes shot through me.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I willwill do any thing to cumto relieve mymy aching balls.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The words began to flow.&nbsp; I cupped my sore balls with my hand.&nbsp; Please let me cum!&nbsp; Please let me cum!&nbsp; I promise toto&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky interrupted me.&nbsp; Do what Denny?&nbsp;&nbsp; Do what?&nbsp;&nbsp; What are you going to do?&nbsp; How are you going to show us that you even deserve to cum?&nbsp; 

I swallowed again.&nbsp; My eyes were filling with tears.&nbsp; I was so ashamed and embarrassed.&nbsp; What else could I do to gain her favor?&nbsp; Tell me Denny, what are you going to do?&nbsp; I suggest you think of something real quick.&nbsp; You have guests here Denny.&nbsp; Think!&nbsp; What are you going to do for your guests?&nbsp; A thousand thoughts ran through my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; I will do anything thatthat Mistress Hilda or Miss Mary wants.&nbsp; I want to please them.&nbsp; I want toto make them feel goodto serve them.&nbsp; Becky sat back and folded her arms.&nbsp; Go on.&nbsp;&nbsp; The room became silent. 

I will serve as your toilet ifif you want.&nbsp; I hung my head in shame.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary finally broke the silence.&nbsp; Well, that sounds good to me.&nbsp; She leaned back, her legs spread, and I could barely see the bright red color of her silky panties.&nbsp; I could use a little pampering.&nbsp; Hilda smiled and looked at Mary.&nbsp; Do you want to go first or shall I?&nbsp; Mary used her fingers to massage the lump in her panties.&nbsp; You go first Hilda.&nbsp; It always turns me on to watch you.&nbsp; 

The next half hour was difficult, yet exciting.&nbsp; Hilda took me to Becky&#8217;s bedroom and quickly positioned herself for a thorough worship session.&nbsp; I used my slave mouth and tongue to pay homage to her pussy and asshole.&nbsp; She had obviously skipped her shower this morning, and the rank odor of her ass was overwhelming at first.&nbsp; But as I she gradually responded, the experience became more stimulating.&nbsp; Hilda produced a large amount of moisture as she came.&nbsp; The scent of her discharge combined with the natural flavor of her unwashed pussy charged me with sexual energy.&nbsp; My clit wanted to explode in the device and my balls ached with lust.&nbsp; After several orgasms Hilda lay exhausted on the bed.&nbsp; I continued to kiss and caress her ass cheeks until Mary walked into the room.&nbsp; 

Oh Hilda!&nbsp; You must have enjoyed that.&nbsp; I could hear you moaning in the living room.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda smiled and moved to one side of the bed.&nbsp; Well Denny, are you going to help me out of my clothes?&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite the erotic state I was in, the thought of sucking Mary&#8217;s cock sickened me.&nbsp; The anxiety began building in my stomach.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes ma&#8217;am!&nbsp; I knew that I must not hesitate, and I quickly moved to my knees in front of Mary.&nbsp; Just as I began unbuttoning her skirt, Becky walked into the room.&nbsp; She slowly moved to the chair in the corner and sat down, her short housedress barely covering the tops of her milky thighs.&nbsp; Go ahead and have fun.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t let me stop you.&nbsp; Sometimes I just like to watch.&nbsp; 

Mary looked down at me with a mischievous grin.&nbsp; I have been saving something up for you Denny, and I bet you know what it is.&nbsp; The sick feeling in my stomach began to grow.&nbsp; Oh God, I thought, she is going to make me eat her cum in front of Becky.&nbsp;&nbsp; I slowly pulled her skirt away as Mary pealed her loose top off, exposing her large tits.&nbsp; I marveled again at how well formed her breast were, and how feminine she looked.&nbsp;&nbsp; Except for the cock.&nbsp; Mary&#8217;s red panties already showed signs of her excitement.&nbsp; A dark wet spot appeared at the top of her bulging cock head.&nbsp; In her aroused state, the head of her cock had moved upwards to the waistband.&nbsp; I could already smell the scent of her excitement, or maybe it was my imagination.&nbsp; Which ever it was, I imagined from memory the taste of her cum.&nbsp; I could not take my eyes from her crotch.


You can&#8217;t wait, can you Denny?&nbsp; Mary began to taunt me.&nbsp; You can&#8217;t wait to suck on it!&nbsp; You did such a good job the other day; I have been waiting for you to do it again.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have been saving it up for you.&nbsp; I glanced across the room at Becky.&nbsp; She smiled and raised her eye brows.&nbsp; I could tell she was enjoying the scene.&nbsp; Take my panties off Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; Take them off and see what I have for you.&nbsp; Mary&#8217;s voice came in almost a whisper, yet it was strong and demanding.&nbsp; I focused again on the large growing lump as I raised my hands and slipped my fingers into the waistband of her panties.&nbsp; Pull them down Denny.&nbsp; I slowly pulled her panties downward and watched as her huge cock spilled outward, half hard and pointing directly into my face.&nbsp; A slimy string of precum dripped from her piss slit.&nbsp; 

Becky snickered as she rose up from the chain and came over to the edge of the bed to sit.&nbsp; My face burned like fire as the long black cock twitched in front of me.&nbsp; Clean it off Denny!&nbsp; I want to see you clean it off.&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s forceful words scared me.&nbsp; I was not mentally prepared, yet I knew that I must act quickly.&nbsp; Do it Denny!&nbsp;&nbsp; I pushed forward, opening my lips, and extended my tongue to Mary&#8217;s piss slit.&nbsp; The sultry taste of her precum excited my tongue.&nbsp; I used my right hand to grasp her penis and pull it into my mouth.&nbsp; I gently massage the underside of her cockhead with my tongue.&nbsp; Her precum flowed freely into my mouth.&nbsp; I had not realized a man could release so much precum without an orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary moaned as I massaged her cock.

You like to suck cock, don&#8217;t you Denny?&nbsp; I motioned my head up and down, and tried to answer, but Mary&#8217;s large cock filled my mouth.&nbsp; Becky smiled as she spread her legs to reveal her hairy bush.&nbsp; I noticed how matted her hair was, and how the room was filling with her scent.&nbsp; Mary began to hunch my face.&nbsp; Each time she thrust her cock down my throat, her shaved belly brushed my nose, and I inhaled the musty scent of her sweat.&nbsp; Becky continued to taunt me.&nbsp; 

You love the taste of cock.&nbsp; Do you like the flavor of Mary&#8217;s cum?&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess I will know soon.&nbsp; She glanced at Mary&#8217;s face and she was beginning to show signs of orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her cock was rigid.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cup her balls Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; Make her feel real good, so she can dump her cum in your mouth.&nbsp; My face burned with shame as I sucked her cock and massaged her balls.&nbsp; I closed my eyes as the humiliation overcame me.&nbsp; No!&nbsp; No!&nbsp; Look at me Denny!&nbsp;&nbsp; Open your eyes Denny.&nbsp; I want you to see me looking at you.&nbsp; Keep them open! 

Mary began to moan louder.&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; I am going to cum!&nbsp; Oh God yes!&nbsp; Oh!&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary grabbed my head and pulled me closer.&nbsp; I stained to keep my composure.&nbsp; Oh yes!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; That&#8217;s it!&nbsp; Oh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!&nbsp; I suddenly felt the first shot of her cum.&nbsp; It hit the back of my mouth and the taste of her cum filled my senses.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then again.&nbsp;&nbsp; A shot of cum flew down my throat and I had to swallow.&nbsp; Becky screamed out.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hold it in your mouth!&nbsp; I want to see it!&nbsp;&nbsp; Another shot filled my mouth and I tried to hold it.&nbsp; Then another.&nbsp; I could not believe the volume of cum.&nbsp; My mouth was filled with the taste of her creamy seed.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could feel her contracting her balls and pushing out more cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you dare swallow yet!&nbsp; Becky leaned down beside of me and watched my face as I almost gagged.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Finally Mary withdrew her cock.&nbsp; She immediately squeezed the base and pushed her hand forward, forcing a large dollop of cum through her urethra.&nbsp; Becky put her lips to my ear.&nbsp; Lick it off Denny!&nbsp; Lick it off!&nbsp; Becky put her hands on my cheeks after I cleaned the tip of Mary&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; Open your mouth!&nbsp; I want to see.&nbsp; I opened my mouth, the funky taste of Mary&#8217;s sperm permeating my taste buds.&nbsp; I could feel drops of cum dripping down my chin and the side of my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh look at all of the cum!&nbsp; You are a cum hound!&nbsp; Hold it!&nbsp; Hold it until we have all had a chance to see it.

My face burned like fire as I stood on my knees before the three women.&nbsp; I almost gagged again as the thick sperm trickled down the back of my throat.&nbsp; Finally, after they all took their turns, Becky allowed me to swallow.&nbsp; I turned my head to the side and almost heaved as the thick cum flowed down my throat.&nbsp; I felt so embarrassed and humiliated.&nbsp; 

Becky and the two girls finally left the room and gathered in the kitchen.&nbsp; A few minutes later the wine bottle popped and they began drinking.&nbsp; I retreated to my room and nervously awaited their call.&nbsp; They finished the first bottle and started on the second.&nbsp; Their voices got louder and louder.&nbsp; Despite my embarrassment, I was more hopeful than ever that Becky would allow me cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; From her conversations with Hilda, and the presences of Mary, I just knew that something was going to happen.&nbsp;&nbsp; My balls ached constantly, and I felt like my clit would erupt.&nbsp; Yet the damned device would not allow it.&nbsp; 

Denny!&nbsp; Denny, come in here!&nbsp;&nbsp; I hurried my way to the kitchen, as their laughter grew louder.&nbsp;&nbsp; Denny, I want you to go to your room an turn down the bed.&nbsp; We have a surpise for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s voice sound mischievous.&nbsp; I knew something was up.&nbsp; I hurried back to my room and turned the bed down.&nbsp; Then I remembered seeing the key hanging from Becky&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; I became excited.&nbsp; She was going to unlock the device.&nbsp; I heard them laughing again, as they approached my room.&nbsp; Denny, I have something for you, but you must be restrained first.&nbsp; Becky stood in the doorway holding several straps.&nbsp; 

Lay down in the bed Denny, face up.&nbsp; I did as Becky instructed nervously awaiting my fate.&nbsp; My clit was already hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda stepped forward and secured my hands, while Mary secured my feet.&nbsp; Within a few moments I was laying spread eagle in the bed.&nbsp; I could feel my face burning with embarrassment.&nbsp; Becky held the key in the palm of her hand.&nbsp; Denny, I am going to let you free for a while, but you must follow all of my instructions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you understand?&nbsp;&nbsp; I nodded as Becky stepped forward and placed the key in the tiny lock.&nbsp; It had not been taken off except for a few moments each week for shaving, cleaning and inspection.&nbsp;&nbsp; My cock soon grew almost fully erect.&nbsp; Becky began examining me thoroughtly.&nbsp; It had been 42 days since anyone had touched my cock like that.&nbsp; I was fully erect in seconds.

Oh god!&nbsp; Look at it Becky!&nbsp; It&#8217;s so hard.&nbsp; Mary placed her fingers on my clit and slowly massage it.&nbsp; I knew I would not last if they continued, and Hilda knew as well.&nbsp; Be very careful girls.&nbsp; He is extremely sensitive.&nbsp; It will not take much stimulation to take him over the edge.&nbsp; Remember, all we want to do is milk him.&nbsp; This is for his own good, not for his pleasure.&nbsp; Hilda moved between Mary and Becky, settling between my legs.&nbsp; Her large breasts were barely contained in the short dress she was wearing.&nbsp; We only need a slight bit of contact to keep him in this state.&nbsp; Watch!&nbsp; Hilda used her finger to lightly tickle my balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; God, it felt good.&nbsp; Ocassionaly she would run it up and down the length of my shaft.&nbsp; My cock would twitch and quiver uncontrollably.&nbsp; I could feel my balls boiling with cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; We do not want to jack him off.&nbsp; That is the last thing you would do.&nbsp; We want to stimulate him until he cums.&nbsp; He will involuntarily empty his balls when it becomes to much for him to control.

This went on for a half hour or so.&nbsp; It was the worst tease I had ever had.&nbsp; In the past, I knew I could not cum, and it psychologically allowed me to deal with the situation.&nbsp; Now, I knew I was going to cum, but had not control, or any idea when.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each time my balls were about to erupt, Hilda would stop all manipulation.&nbsp; I would close my eyes and hold my breath.&nbsp; I had never experienced such stimulation.&nbsp; It was wonderful and terrible all in one emotion.&nbsp; It felt good, yet unfinished, unsatisfying.

Becky watched intently as my cock twitched with excitement.&nbsp; Precum was flowing constantly from my piss slit.&nbsp; Occasionally Hilda would catch it with her finger and make me eat it.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time she brought me to edge and backed off, she would insert her finger in her wet pussy, and rub it under my nose.&nbsp; I lost track of time.&nbsp; I lived from one tease to the next.&nbsp; Every time I thought my balls would erupt she would stop, just in time.&nbsp; 

Mary kept looking at me and smiling.&nbsp; I am so hot again.&nbsp; I need to cum again already.&nbsp; Becky looked at her.&nbsp; Well go ahead.&nbsp; That is what we are here for.&nbsp; Mary began undressing.&nbsp; Soon, she was down to her panties, and her large cock was bulging up through the waist band.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda noticed and moved away from me.&nbsp; I have an idea.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think he can last much longer unless we bring him down a little.&nbsp; Becky was puzzled.&nbsp; What do you mean?&nbsp; Hilda stood up.&nbsp; We can stop the tease now, and not let him cum, but I think it has been long enough, you know, at his age.&nbsp;&nbsp; But, we can prolong it by doing something to him.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda pulled the two girls to the side and whispered to them.&nbsp; 

Becky nodded her head.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that is a good idea.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s try it.&nbsp; Mary removed her panties and quickly straddled my body with her knees on either side, her well shaved ass hole only inches from face, and her large balls nearly touching my mouth.&nbsp; I noticed the musty odor of her ass hole and the sweaty scent of her balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; Denny, Mary is going to sit on your face.&nbsp; Now you must perform well if you want to cum.&nbsp; Do you understand me?&nbsp; I looked directly at Mary&#8217;s asshole.&nbsp; I knew she was going to make me lick it.&nbsp; Oh God, I thought.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think I can do it.&nbsp; Answer me Denny!&nbsp; Mary began to slowly descend upon my face.&nbsp; I realized I had no choice.&nbsp; Denny?&nbsp;&nbsp; I nodded.&nbsp; Yes ma&#8217;am.&nbsp;&nbsp; No sooner than I got the words out I could feel Mary&#8217;s balls touch my lips.&nbsp; She slid forward and my nose rubbed across her ass hole.&nbsp; I breathed in the full scent of her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp; She continued to inch forward.&nbsp; Open you mouth and serve her Denny.&nbsp; Eat her!&nbsp; Lick her asshole!&nbsp; Do it.&nbsp; I closed my eyes and began licking and sucking Mary&#8217;s asshole.&nbsp; I had an acrid musty that I could barely tolerate.&nbsp; 

Soon Mary was moaning.&nbsp; Oh god, that feels good.&nbsp; She began jacking off her cock, and her large balls danced on my chin.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to cum!&nbsp; I want to cum!&nbsp; Then suddenly in fit of passion she leaned forward, her dark sweaty ass still glued to my face, and place her lips on my clit.&nbsp; It shocked me, but at the same time pleasure shot though my body.&nbsp; I instinctively pushed my face into her ass.&nbsp; Oh god, I yelled.&nbsp; She did not suck me very long, but it brought my clit to full attention.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda shouted.&nbsp; That&#8217;s perfect!&nbsp; Do it again, and keep him on the edge!&nbsp; This went on for a long time.&nbsp; Each time Mary would suck on my clit, my balls would almost erupt.&nbsp; Then Hilda would say, Stop!&nbsp; Stop!&nbsp; Once I thought I was going to cum, and Hilda slapped my balls real hard, several times.&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought I was going to pass out, it hurt so much.&nbsp; 


This went on all afternoon.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was truly the worst session I had ever had.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary finally jacked off in my face.&nbsp; Afterward, she used her finger to push her cum into my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then Hilda sat on my face and teased me for more than an hour.&nbsp;&nbsp; They finally took the restraints loose and dragged me to the piss pot.&nbsp; Becky locked me in, and each of them took turns pissing on my face.&nbsp; My cock remained hard through out the ordeal.&nbsp; Finally Becky sat down and made me give her an orgasm while Hilda teased my clit.&nbsp; 

I think it is time Becky.&nbsp;&nbsp; His balls are so swollen, I think we must allow him to cum.&nbsp; Hilda began teasing the underside of my clit with her finger, much like she had done before, but extending the contact time.&nbsp; Soon I was on the verge.&nbsp; It is very important to watch his piss slit.&nbsp; As the first sign of cum, cease any contact with his cock or balls.&nbsp; You can touch his breasts his ass, his thighs, but not his cock.&nbsp; You want him to spurt all of his cum without stimulating him anymore.&nbsp; He will empty his balls with a minimal amount of pleasure.

Soon I could feel it coming.&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; Hilda continued to tickle the skin on my clit, but ever so lightly.&nbsp; I could feel myself starting to cum.&nbsp; It felt like an eruption in my groin.&nbsp; There it is!&nbsp; See the cum on his piss slit.&nbsp; I could feel it coming.&nbsp; Oh god!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; I am cummmmiiiinnnngg!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilda pulled her hand away just as I spurt the first shot of cum.&nbsp; Quickly I followed with another.&nbsp;&nbsp; It felt good, but not fulfilling.&nbsp;&nbsp; I missed the contact.&nbsp; I wanted to be touched.&nbsp; My cock ached for contact, but there was none.&nbsp; I felt another shot of cum.&nbsp; It went up and came down on my belly.&nbsp;&nbsp; The hole time my face was almost buried in Becky&#8217;s crotch.&nbsp; The strong smell of sweat and urine permeated my nostrils.&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp;&nbsp; Another shot of cum flew into the air, I know not where it landed.&nbsp;&nbsp; I felt my balls drained of cum.&nbsp; I felt the cool air on my cock as it twitched and convulsed.&nbsp; Finally the wave of eruptions stopped.&nbsp; I felt relieved yet unsatisfied.&nbsp; 

The girls finally let me go, but not until I was secured firmly into the device.&nbsp; I went to the shower.&nbsp; Hilda and Mary left.&nbsp; 






To be continued in Chapter 14









Becky&#8217;s Slave

Chapter 14

As the weeks went by Becky became more dominant over me.&nbsp; She even took me to a psychiatrist that specialized in submissive life styles.&nbsp; It was strange at first, talking to someone in such a professional way about my life with Becky.&nbsp; Becky had learned all she could from Hilda, but she wanted to know more.&nbsp; Dr. Preston made me feel at ease from the very beginning.&nbsp; She talked with Becky and I together at first, then I had several sessions with her alone.&nbsp;&nbsp; After the second session with Dr. Preston, she wanted Becky to remove the chastity device.&nbsp; She believed it was the only way to take our relationship to a higher level.&nbsp; I had to learn to control myself.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, she had me bring Becky to her office the next day.&nbsp; I was so relieved, not only was to be free of the device, but that the Doctor recommending it.

Becky, I asked Denny to bring you along today so we could have a discussion about Denny&#8217;s chastity.&nbsp; I had told Becky the reason for the visit.&nbsp; I have learned to keep nothing from her.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is important that you and Denny grow in your relationship.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this can only come from trust.&nbsp; While his obedience is important, and certainly he must obey you, but there is also a matter of trust.&nbsp; Mrs. Preston got up from her seat and began walking about the room.&nbsp;&nbsp; Denny must learn that he is not to masturbate without your permission, and without the crutch of his chastity device.&nbsp; You have accomplished his obedience&nbsp; so far by keeping him in chastity.&nbsp; And, it has worked.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it has not built trust in your relationship.&nbsp; You have not trusted him, and he has not trusted himself.&nbsp;&nbsp; I propose that you remove the device for a while.&nbsp; Test him.&nbsp; Let him test himself.&nbsp; If he fails, you can always put it back on.&nbsp; If he succeeds, then he will not only make a better partner, but you will enjoy him even more.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Becky remained speechless the entire time.&nbsp; I too listened intently, afraid to comment, yet deeply moved by what Dr. Preston said.&nbsp; Finally Becky looked at me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Are you prepared for this?&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you know what this means?&nbsp; I knew it was going to be challenging.&nbsp; The desire to masturbate had&nbsp; been overwhelming in the past.&nbsp; I think so ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; I want to try it, ifif it well help us toahelp me to be a better husband.&nbsp; Dr. Preston sat down beside of me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Denny, it will be difficult at first.&nbsp; It is a natural tendency for you to want to please yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; But, you must think of it this way.&nbsp; You want your relationship to grow.&nbsp; If it does not, it will become stagnant.&nbsp; Then it fails.&nbsp; Do you want that?&nbsp;&nbsp; I quickly said no.&nbsp; Dr. Preston put her hand on mine.&nbsp; I know you don&#8217;t, so you must try very hard.&nbsp; She looked at Becky.&nbsp; How often do allow Denny to masturbate?&nbsp; I could feel my face turning red.&nbsp; I do not really set a time limit.&nbsp; Dr. Preston responded with other questions.&nbsp; When was the last time he masturbated?&nbsp; How long had it been since he had previously masturbated?

Becky explained how I had gone 42 days, and that it had been several weeks since then.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to have a regimented time table.&nbsp; She smiled.&nbsp; I like for it to be a surprise.&nbsp; Dr. Preston seemed to be amused as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; I understand.&nbsp;&nbsp; You like to tease him.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you?&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite the embarrassment of the situation, I was becoming excited.&nbsp; The more they talked about my masturbation habits, the more I wanted to do it.

Becky finally sighed.&nbsp; Well, then it is settled.&nbsp; She opened her pocket book and pulled out the key.&nbsp; Dr. Preston always dressed and fixed her hair in a very professional manner.&nbsp; She wore dark rimmed glasses and very little makeup.&nbsp; Yet, she was strikingly hansom.&nbsp;&nbsp; From the very beginning I had made up my mind to think of her only as a professional.&nbsp;&nbsp; Shall we release him now, or should I wait until we get home?&nbsp; Dr. Preston answered confidently.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you should release him now.&nbsp; She looked at me.&nbsp; Denny, by taking this step you are pledging to me and to Becky that you will not use your freedom to betray her.&nbsp; No matter what happens, you must not masturbate.&nbsp; I could feel my face burning.&nbsp; Yes Doctor.&nbsp; 

Denny, remove your clothes, all of them!&nbsp; I looked at Becky, and she slowly nodded her head.&nbsp; I was not unaccustomed to undressing in front of females, but this was the first time in front of Dr. Preston.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hurry Denny!&nbsp; I have other appointments you know.&nbsp; I quickly shed my clothes as Becky and Dr. Preston watched.&nbsp; I felt my face burn when Dr. Preston saw the panties I was wearing underneath my street clothes.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Does he always wear panties?&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky explained how she makes me dress at home.&nbsp; I pulled my panties down and stood before Dr. Preston.&nbsp; Give Denny the key Becky!&nbsp; I was surprised at how quickly Becky responded.&nbsp; For an instant I thought that Dr. Preston might know Becky personally, but I threw it out of my mind.&nbsp; Denny, unlock the device!&nbsp; Within a few seconds I was free.&nbsp; It had been several days since Becky had allowed me to remove it for cleaning and inspection, and that was only for a few minutes.&nbsp; 

Denny, you are to shave every day now that you are free to do so.&nbsp; You will do this in morning after Becky has gone to work, or early on the weekends before she awakes.&nbsp; Any time you experience an erection, you are to think of Becky and your loyalty to her.&nbsp; Do you understand?&nbsp;&nbsp; I nodded my head up and down.&nbsp; You are not to touch yourself at all, except under the supervision of Becky.&nbsp; You will sit down to pee!&nbsp; Do you understand?&nbsp; I nodded again.&nbsp; Good, now you may go.&nbsp; Becky, if you have any trouble, feel free to call me.&nbsp; I suggest you check his balls every evening when you come in, to make sure they are full.&nbsp; I was still embarrassed when I got dressed and left the office with Becky.&nbsp; The cute little receptionist in the outer office smiled mischievously when we left.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I grew accustomed to Becky&#8217;s demanding ways, finding solace in pleasing her, especially sexually.&nbsp; I found that pleasing Becky was almost a substitute for pleasing myself.&nbsp; The exception to that was the relentless tease sessions she would put me through.&nbsp; At least once a week, usually on a Saturday or Sunday, she would drive me into a state of sexual frenzy.&nbsp; One particular weekend, it was so bad I thought I was going to go crazy.&nbsp; It had become even worse after the chastity device had been removed.&nbsp; I would become very erect, something I could not do when the chastity device was in place.&nbsp; This made my desires more intense.

How long has it been Denny, since you came last? It was Saturday morning, and I could tell she was in one of those moods.&nbsp; It has been 6 weeks Mistress.&nbsp; That was 42 days, the same length of time she had made me wait before.&nbsp;&nbsp; Come her Denny.&nbsp; I want to inspect you before you service me.&nbsp; She lightly teased my balls and cock for several minutes.&nbsp; The feeling was intense, and precum leaked from my piss slit.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky used her finger to remove it and place in between my lips.&nbsp;&nbsp; The sweet taste excited me even more.&nbsp; It has been 42 days again Denny!&nbsp;&nbsp; She looked at my throbbing cock.&nbsp; Her smile and faint laughter told me I would be in store for a long session.&nbsp; I bet you would like to cum today.&nbsp; I acknowledged quickly, excited that she may let me cum.&nbsp; My balls ached with desire.&nbsp; Becky had become a master at taking me to the limit.&nbsp; She knew exactly when to stop.&nbsp; 

I want to see how far you can go Denny, you know, without cuming.&nbsp;&nbsp; I hated it when she did that.&nbsp; It was intense, but not satisfying.&nbsp; She looked so sexy that morning, her large breast almost spilling out of her nightgown, and the faint scent of her sex was heavy in the air.&nbsp; 

I am not confident yet that you can be loyal to me Denny.&nbsp; She massaged my balls and slowly looked up into my eyes, her pouting lips looked so seductive.&nbsp; How will I know Denny if I don&#8217;t test you?&nbsp; It is important that you be completely loyal Denny, and I must test you to make sure.
I wanted to assure Becky.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t want her to think I was pressuring her, but I wanted her to know that I had been loyal.&nbsp; But Mistress, II have been loyal.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have notI have not done anything bad.&nbsp; I would not do&nbsp; Becky put her finger to my lips.&nbsp; That will be enough talk Denny.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t challenge me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked down at my erection.&nbsp; Becky had let go just as the feeling became pleasurable.&nbsp; I am sorry Mistress.&nbsp; Pleaseplease forgive me.&nbsp; I am only here for your pleasure Mistress.&nbsp; Please do with me as you wish.&nbsp; Becky leaned back on the bed, her nightgown raised up past her thighs, and she spread her beautiful legs.&nbsp; That&#8217;s better, much better Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; She ran her finger up between the folds of her pussy, lightly massaged her clit.&nbsp; Then she raised it up toward my face.&nbsp; A string of wetness was clinging to the tip of her finger.&nbsp; I slowly inhaled her scent and licked her finger clean.

You can please me now Denny.&nbsp;&nbsp; For the next half hour or 45 minutes I lingered between Becky&#8217;s legs, licking and sucking her pussy to several orgasms.&nbsp;&nbsp; When we first got married, Becky would only have one orgasm if any when we had sex.&nbsp; Only on rare occasions would she have more than one.&nbsp; Now it was rare when she did not have multiple orgasms.&nbsp; She said it was because she felt the freedom to cum.&nbsp; Now that she was in control, she could have as many as she wanted.&nbsp; I have counted as many as 10 in one day.&nbsp; 
On this particular day, I would lose count.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
She finally turned over on her stomach and made me worship her ass.&nbsp; There will be no more cuming for you Denny until you prove your loyalty to me.&nbsp; I was so disappointed that she did not trust me.&nbsp; Please Mistress, please trust me.&nbsp; I have not been masturbating.&nbsp; I promise I have not.&nbsp; Becky smiled.&nbsp; Oh, I know you have not.&nbsp; I would know Denny.&nbsp; I would know if you were masturbating.&nbsp; You would not be so tight, so full in your balls.&nbsp; She paused for a moment.&nbsp; Now shut up and service me!&nbsp; Becky lay on stomach for another half hour as I licked and kissed her ass cheeks and ass hole.&nbsp; 

After she came one more time, she rose from the bed and went to the shower.&nbsp; You can clean house the rest of the day.&nbsp; Maybe that will keep your mind occupied.&nbsp; Later that morning, Becky left without a word.&nbsp; I had no idea where she had gone.&nbsp; I prepared lunch, hoping for her return, but she did not.&nbsp; At mid afternoon the phone rang.&nbsp; It was Becky.&nbsp; Go to the cleaners and pick up my laundry, we are going out tonight.&nbsp; She would not tell me where, only to be ready by 6.&nbsp; I could hear noise and laughter in the background.&nbsp; It sounded like a bar or restaurant.&nbsp; 

Becky came home later that afternoon.&nbsp; She smiled and patted my head.&nbsp; She walked off to the bathroom, motioning with her finger.&nbsp; I knew she wanted me to go with her, so I followed.&nbsp; She quickly raised her skirt and pulled down her skimpy panties.&nbsp; No sooner than she sat down, a long stream of piss splattered on the water below.&nbsp; She stepped out of the panties, and kicked them towards me.&nbsp; Take them Denny!&nbsp; I was already on my knees, and I bent forward to pick up her panites.&nbsp; I noticed how damp they were.&nbsp; Smell them!&nbsp; Becky smiled as I pulled them to my face.&nbsp; Long before they touched my lips the strong smell of semen filtered through my nostrils.&nbsp; My heart raced as I pushed my nose into the gooey center of the crotch piece.&nbsp; Do they smell good Denny?&nbsp; I hated the scent, even though I could not admit it.&nbsp; Yes Mistress.&nbsp; Her panties were totally soaked with cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky turned toward me and spread her legs as she rose.&nbsp; I could see cum dripping from her pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Either the man she had been with fucked her more than once oror maybe there was more than one man.&nbsp; 

Clean them Denny!&nbsp; Clean them up now, in front of me.&nbsp; I want you to clean the cum out of my panties!&nbsp; I felt so humiliated.&nbsp; I thought I have gotten used to Becky&#8217;s relentless tease and torture, but this was even worse than normal.&nbsp; I pushed the crotch of her panties into my mouth and sucked them clean.&nbsp; The strong taste of male cum lingered in my mouth.&nbsp; Becky walked toward me and pulled the panties from my mouth and pushed my face into her hairy crotch.&nbsp; Clean Me out now!&nbsp; My nostrils filled with the scent of Becky&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; The stale pissy, cummy scent of her pubic hair excited me.&nbsp; I pushed my tongue into her gooey pussy hole just in time to get a string of cum into my mouth.&nbsp; It was at the amount of cum inside of her.&nbsp; She abruptly turned around.&nbsp; Now my asshole!&nbsp; She pushed my face between her cheeks and I breathed the musty scent of her dirty asshole.&nbsp; She had obviously been fucked there too.&nbsp; I felt practically no resistance as I pushed my tongue into her asshole.&nbsp; Again I was treated to string of cum.&nbsp; 

Becky finally pushed me away and left the bathroom.&nbsp; Hurry and get ready Denny.&nbsp; I want to go back!&nbsp; She turned and looked at me.&nbsp; Only this time you are going with me.&nbsp; My heart jumped as I followed Becky into the bedroom.&nbsp; She fumbled in her closet for a change of clothes.&nbsp; &#8216;You can wear this.&nbsp; She pulled a dress from the hanger and tossed it to me.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this!&nbsp;&nbsp; It was the wig Hilda had made me wear.&nbsp; My stomach was in knots.&nbsp; She was going to make me dress like a woman, and take me out.&nbsp; I had to say something.&nbsp; Mistress, are we&nbsp; She turned and looked at me with fire in her eyes.&nbsp; Shut up and get ready Denny!&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to hear it!&nbsp; Just do what I say, or I will put the damned device back on you and throw away the key!&nbsp; Do you understand me?

I knew Becky was serious, so I apologized and went to my room to dress.&nbsp; I could hardly keep my thoughts straight.&nbsp; I was so scared.&nbsp; What if people knew who I was?&nbsp;&nbsp; What if some of my friendsmy former friends saw me.&nbsp; 

My breasts had grown consistently over the months, and Becky had purchased several bras for me to wear.&nbsp; I choose a matching pair of panties and garter belt.&nbsp; As I smoothed up the hose and attached them to the belt, Becky walked into my room.&nbsp; She was stunningly beautiful.&nbsp; She wore an extra short dress and skimpy top.&nbsp; She looked much taller and sexier in heels.&nbsp; I knew she would attract men any where she went.&nbsp; Hurry Denny!&nbsp;&nbsp; I put on the dress she had chosen and walked to the mirror for the wig.&nbsp; Becky had to help me with some make up, something I had only done once before.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was so nervous my hands were shaking.&nbsp;&nbsp; I asked her where we were going.&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see.&nbsp; Now, get the car, I will be out in a moment.&nbsp; You will drive.

A few minutes later we were gone, and I could feel the apprehension in my stomach.&nbsp; It was getting dark as we drove through the far side of town.&nbsp;&nbsp; The street was lined with bars.&nbsp; There Denny!&nbsp; Pull up in front.&nbsp; It was a seedy nightclub.&nbsp; There were lots of people going in and out, and some just leaning against the building outside.&nbsp; I felt very nervous as I got out of the care.&nbsp; Becky was so relaxed and carefree.&nbsp; It was hard for me to believe that she had been here, much less let somebody fuck her here.&nbsp; Despite the low class appearance, there was something about it, something romantic, out of the movies perhaps.&nbsp; I could feel my penis rubbing against my bikini panties.&nbsp; 

Becky moved against me when she came around the car.&nbsp; Just do what I tell you to do.&nbsp; I will do all of the talking.&nbsp; We walked through the door and the bar smell hit me.&nbsp; It was actually exciting.&nbsp; I suddenly remembered my days as a teenager and young adulthood, going to bars, picking up girls.&nbsp; We approached a booth in the back, and Becky pointed to one side.&nbsp; Sit there!&nbsp; Then she went through a door going to a backroom.&nbsp; I was scared again, sitting alone dressed as a woman made me very uncomfortable.&nbsp; I kept telling myself.&nbsp;&nbsp; &#8216;I am doing it for Becky.&nbsp; I am doing it for Becky.&#8217;&nbsp; A couple of guys walked past me and winked, and I looked down to avoid them.&nbsp; I noticed several couples go through the same door as Becky did.&nbsp; Others were coming out, and then splitting up.&nbsp; It finally realized what was happening.&nbsp; The girls were whores.&nbsp; There must be rooms back in the back.&nbsp; It was a whorehouse.

A few minutes later Becky returned and sat down.&nbsp; She looked me directly in the face.&nbsp; Well, what do you think Denny?&nbsp; Are you ready to entertain me?&nbsp; I looked at Becky for a moment before I could speak.&nbsp; My mouth was dry and I tried to swallow.&nbsp; II don&#8217;t know Mistress.&nbsp; I am not sure what you mean.&nbsp;&nbsp; She giggled softly.&nbsp; You are going to pick up a man Denny.&nbsp; Becky moved her head to the side, continuing to stare at me.&nbsp; She was tormenting me with her smile.&nbsp; You are going to pick up a man Denny.&nbsp; Then you are going to take him back into one of those rooms.&nbsp; She pointed to the door she had gone into.&nbsp; You are going to give him a blow job.&nbsp; Then you are going come back to this booth, and show me the cum in your mouth.&nbsp; I could hardly believe my ears.&nbsp; I must be dreaming, but I was not.&nbsp; I looked down at the table in total fear of what she had just said.&nbsp; 

Becky reached across the table and put her finger under my chin, pushing it upward.&nbsp; Yes Denny, that is what you are going to do.&nbsp; Now you have two choices.&nbsp; You can either do what I told you to do, or I will leave.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without you!&nbsp; And you will pay hell for disobeying me.&nbsp; And one more thing.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t try to deceive me.&nbsp; When you come back to this booth, you had better have someone else&#8217;s cum in your mouth.&nbsp; Is that clear?&nbsp; Some how I nodded yes.&nbsp; Becky smiled again and raised her hand.&nbsp; 

Within a few seconds a man was standing near our booth.&nbsp; Hi girls, my name is Leo.&nbsp; I could sure use some company.&nbsp; To make a long story short, Becky asked him to sit down beside of me.&nbsp; I was scared to death.&nbsp; He immediately put his hand on my leg.&nbsp;&nbsp; He did not take long to get down to business, and Becky suggested that I give him a blow job.&nbsp; She did not tell him who I was, or should I say, what I was.&nbsp; Becky explained how good I was at sucking cock and eating cum.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t explain how humiliated I felt.&nbsp;&nbsp; Within a few minutes he was pulling my hand and we went through the door, down the hall, and into a dimly lit room.&nbsp; He immediately began undressing.&nbsp; Take off you dress and show me.

The next few minutes were the most humiliating of my life at that point.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know how I managed to get through it.&nbsp; I kept reminding myself of what Becky said.&nbsp; I could not afford to make her mad at me, much less leave me in this place.&nbsp; I began to undress and he immediately noticed the bulge in my panties.&nbsp; Take the bra off.&nbsp; I removed it and stood before him in my panties, hose, and garter belt.&nbsp; Now the panties.&nbsp; I want to see what is under there.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could not help but notice his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was very large, and already becoming erect.&nbsp; I thought quickly and stooped to my knees, between his legs.&nbsp; Oh, there is no need to do that.&nbsp; I pushed my face towards his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; He quickly placed his hands on my breasts and began massaging them.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t explain it, but for some ungodly, unnatural reason, it felt good.&nbsp; Maybe it was because no one else ever touched me there.&nbsp; I watched as his cock became fully erect.&nbsp; 

Start sucking bitch!&nbsp;&nbsp; My stomach almost turned as I opened my mouth for his cock.&nbsp; I could smell the musty odor of his crotch.&nbsp; He put his hand onto my wig and pushed my head down.&nbsp; I brought his cockhead into my mouth, and the salty sweaty flavor of his penis filled my taste buds.&nbsp; 

For the next several minutes he instructed me as to what he wanted.&nbsp; Suck it.&nbsp; Lick it.&nbsp; Use your tongue.&nbsp; I tried to please him as best as I could.&nbsp; I wanted to get it over with so badly.&nbsp; My mouth was filled with the taste of his precum.&nbsp; Finally after what seemed like an eternity, he began to groan.&nbsp; Oh yes.&nbsp; Oh yes, that&#8217;s it!&nbsp; I am going to cum!&nbsp; Oh yes.&nbsp; Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!&nbsp;&nbsp; The first load of his cum shot to the back of my mouth.&nbsp; He immediately followed with another, then another.&nbsp; My mouth was filled with his cum.&nbsp; I remembered what Becky had told me.&nbsp; I tried not to swallow, but the forth fhot filled my mouth and it began running down my chin.&nbsp; His cock was so large, there was very little room in my mouth, and he kept pulling my face into him.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh God that was good!&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; You sure know how to suck a cock.&nbsp; He leaned back until he had recovered from his orgasm.&nbsp; The whole time I was standing on my knees barely able to hold his cum in my mouth.&nbsp; I wanted to gag so badly.

Finally he began dressing.&nbsp; I actually helped him so it would go faster.&nbsp; His manly way worked to my advantage.&nbsp; He had cum and was ready to go.&nbsp; I waited a few moments after he left, still straining not to swallow or gag.&nbsp; Then I flew, down the hallway and through the door to the awaiting booth.&nbsp;&nbsp; But my ordeal was not over.&nbsp; In some ways it had only begun.&nbsp; 

Becky was there, but with another man.&nbsp; He had his arm around her and they were both laughing.&nbsp; Oh!&nbsp; She is back!&nbsp; Becky moved forward and looked sternly into my face.&nbsp;&nbsp; Did you follow my orders?&nbsp; I could feel my face burning with shame as I nodded my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; Good!&nbsp;&nbsp; She turned her head toward the man and whispered in his ear, but continued to look at me out of the corner of her eye.&nbsp; He stared at me too.&nbsp; I did not know if he knew what I was.&nbsp; I was almost ready to gag.&nbsp; Show us!&nbsp; Show us what you have in your mouth.&nbsp; I froze with anxiety.&nbsp; Show us!&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s voice became loud and she looked angry.&nbsp; Show us the cum in your mouth!&nbsp; I closed my eyes and opened my mouth wide.&nbsp; I could hear them giggling.&nbsp; Becky laughed.&nbsp; You disgusting little whore.&nbsp;&nbsp; Swallow that cum!&nbsp;&nbsp; I immediately swallowed, almost gaging as it went down.&nbsp; It tasted worse than any cum I had tasted so far.&nbsp; My face was burning with humiliation.&nbsp; 

Would you like to get a blow job from her too?&nbsp; The man looked at Becky and smiled.&nbsp; I would rather get one from you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky pulled him close and kissed him on the lips.&nbsp; What if I let you fuck me, and then have her suck you?&nbsp; Would you like that?&nbsp; This went on for several minutes as I wallowed in shame.&nbsp; My stomach was in knots and my heart was racing with fear and dread.&nbsp; I wanted to crawl under the table and hide.&nbsp; But I knew I must endure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Where is your buddy?&nbsp; Would he like to come with us?&nbsp; One of you could fuck me in the pussy, and one of you could fuck me in the ass.&nbsp; Then she could suck you both off.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man laughed and began feeling Becky&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; Becky pushed her hand down under the table.&nbsp; I could hear the sound of his zipper.&nbsp; Then Becky moved about as she fumbled with his pants.&nbsp; A few moments later, a smile lit up her face.&nbsp; Ohhhhh!&nbsp; Its bigger than I thought, and hard too.&nbsp; Would you like a blow job?&nbsp; The man pushed his face to Becky&#8217;s ear, whispered something, and began kissing her.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Becky looked at me and winked.&nbsp; I think you should get a blow job here at the table.&nbsp; The man pulled away and looked satisfyingly at Becky.&nbsp; Alright, that&#8217;s ok with me.&nbsp; Becky tuned and starred at me.&nbsp; I could feel my face burning with shame.&nbsp; Would she make me do that?&nbsp; I felt sick at my stomach as she continued to stare.&nbsp; The man turned also and looked at me.&nbsp; Finally the smile faded from Becky&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Under the table!&nbsp;&nbsp; I watched nervously as Becky continued to manipulate his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then she unbuttoned has pants.&nbsp; I could hear the snap.&nbsp; I said under the table! Now!&nbsp;&nbsp; I was frozen in my seat.&nbsp; I felt totally humiliated.&nbsp; How could I possibly do this in a crowded bar.&nbsp; I looked around the room.&nbsp; There were people everywhere.&nbsp; But I also noticed that nobody was looking at us.&nbsp; In fact, there were many dimly lit booths just like ours.&nbsp; 

I will tell you one more time!&nbsp;&nbsp; My heart was beating widely as I slipped down under the table.&nbsp; I could see the man&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; Becky had it out of his underwear, and she was jacking him off.&nbsp; His cock was ridged.&nbsp; I moved towards his crotch, my knees stuck to the gummy concrete floor.&nbsp; I noticed the musty scent of his crotch.&nbsp; Becky pulled his pants down until his cock and balls were fully exposed.&nbsp; Start sucking! Now!&nbsp; I pushed my face towards his cock and opened my mouth.&nbsp; Within a few seconds I was tasting the salty precum dripping from his piss slit.&nbsp; His balls too!&nbsp; I felt totally humiliated now, as I moved down and filled my mouth with his sweaty balls.&nbsp; His musty scent filled my nostrils as Becky played with his shaft.&nbsp; Are you ready to cum yet?&nbsp;&nbsp; The man mumbled and groaned.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could not understand what he said, but I could feel him hunching.&nbsp; Oh Good!&nbsp; Suck his cock again.&nbsp; I think he is ready!&nbsp; I was so ashamed, yet powerless to resist Becky.&nbsp;&nbsp; I placed my mouth over his cock again and took it in as far as I could.&nbsp;&nbsp; Within moments I could feel him tense up.&nbsp; OHhhhhhhhh!&nbsp; Ohhhhhhhh!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Then a large burst of cum hit the back of my throat.&nbsp; It had a very strong taste.&nbsp; Following that another stream of his semen shot into my mouth.&nbsp; I could barely hold it in.&nbsp; Then a third shot filled my mouth, my cheeks bulged,&nbsp; and cum began flowing dribbling down my chin.&nbsp; I swallowed as much as I could, almost gaging as he shot a final load of spunk into my throat.

I was so miserable and embarrassed, the next few minutes was a blur.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could feel the warm salty taste of my tears, when Becky made me sit up in the booth.&nbsp; They laughed as the mascara stained my cheeks.&nbsp; I must have looked a mess.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was so glad that evening when Becky finally decided to leave.&nbsp; She fingered her self all the way home.&nbsp; Becky made me eat her to several orgasms before she fell asleep that night.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to lay on the floor beside of her bed, still dressed in the clothes I had worn to the bar.


To be continued in Chapter 15










Complete Surrender






 
   
  Normal
   jim
  2
  640
  2006-02-03T00:48:00Z
  2006-02-03T00:48:00Z
  1
  5685
  32407
   
  270
  76
  38016
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Beckys Slave

&nbsp;

Chapter 15

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The next morning Becky awoke
early. She made me leave her bedroom to
clean up and prepare breakfast. She came
into the kitchen just as I set the table.
You can eat at the table with me Denny.
I want to talk to you. Becky looked
so beautiful. Even without makeup and
having just awakened, she was very attractive.
Did you enjoy last night Denny?
Becky looked at me as she ate her food.
I was afraid to say no, for fear she may not like it. Yet, I did not want her to think I was
gay. Mistress, I.I liked making youyou happy
Mistress. I liked that part. Becky stopped eating and became somewhat
agitated. I did not ask you that Denny. I meant did you like sucking cocks? I swallowed hard, and looked down at my plate. No Mistress.
I mean notnot exactly. Becky
did not respond immediately. She placed
her fork on the table and stared at me. 

&nbsp;

Denny, I told you several
months ago when we started our new life that things were going to change. We cant go back to a normal life. You promised that you were going to
cooperate! I felt awful that Becky was
so upset with me. I am sorry Mistress. Please forgive me, II will try harder. I.I will learn to like it Becky settle down a little and bean eating
again. I talked to Lena
again the other day. I man Dr.
Preston. She is the one that suggested
thattraining session last night. Becky
paused for a moment. She said that you
would be ready by now, but obviously you are not! Becky paused again and stared at me. I think you need more counseling. I was hurt by Beckys comments. I also wondered why Becky had corrected
herself about Lena. Did she and
Dr. Prestonwere they friends? There
must be more to it than she was telling me.
I wanted to ask, but was afraid.

&nbsp;

I want to know why did you
not enjoy it last night? You have tasted semen before. You have eaten your own, many times! You ate
Johns cum. You ate Marys cum. You should be used to it by now! Men expect us to get used to it! Dont they?
Her voice became louder and more demanding. I was afraid to answer. She pushed for an answer. Well!
Thats what you expected! Didnt
you? Didnt you? Becky screamed at me. So now, you can get used to it!

&nbsp;

I just sat in my chair and stared
downward. Becky finally calmed down and
began eating again. The room was quiet
as we finished breakfast. I was
planning a surprise for you today Denny.
I was hoping you were finally becoming what I need. Beckys voice was calm, yet very firm. But, there will be not reward for you! Becky left the room and I cleaned up the
dishes. I felt terrible. I finally crept in to Beckys room and fell
to my knees. I am so sorry
Mistress. Please forgive me. I will try harder. I will go see Dr. Preston if that will
help. Becky stood over me with her arms
folded. Call Dr. Preston in the morning as soon as her
office opens. No, better still, I want you to go there and
talk to the receptionist. Her name is
Kala. Tell her what has happened. Beg her if you have to, but make sure you get
in to see Dr. Preston tomorrow! I want
this little problem cleared up by next weekend. 

&nbsp;

The receptionist, that pretty
little girl, I could not tell her. She
looked so sweet, so normal. How could I
possible shame myself in front of her?
Mistress, do I have to tell thethe receptionist? Becky became angry again. A few moments ago Denny, you were crying and
telling me you would do anything. Now
you are questioning me? I looked down
at the floor. I am sorry Mistress. I will do as you have told me.

&nbsp;

Becky lay down on the bed and
relaxed for a moment. Denny, I dont
want to be so rough on you, but you must learn to serve me properly. She patted the bed beside of her, and lay
back against the pillows. Despite
Beckys stern demeanor I longed to please her.
I am sorry Mistress. I promise
to work harder. I massaged Beckys
body for a long time, paying particular attention to her ass and the back of
her legs. Becky loves a massage, and she
has taught me exactly what to do to please her.
I gently kissed her legs and ass cheeks, my nostrils filled with her
sexy scent. Soon I was spreading her
cheeks and licking her musty asshole.
Beckys unwashed morning flavor drives me crazy with desire. My penis became fully erect, and leaked
copious amounts of precum. My balls
ached with desire, and I wanted to cum so badly.

&nbsp;

Becky knew that I was not
masturbating against her will. I had
proved that with each inspection. Becky
inspected me thoroughly every morning and every evening. She would pay particular attention to my
balls, making sure they were full. Hilda
had taught her how to tell if I had cum.
She would also use that time for short tease sessions. Becky would bring me to the point where I was
ready to cum, and then stop. Sometimes
she would use ice cubes or rubbing alcohol to cool me down. My constant state of arousal was difficult to
control. I had actually trained myself
to wake up at night to avoid wet dreams.
As much as I wanted to cum, I had a strong loyality
to Becky. 

&nbsp;

After several orgasms Becky
grew bored with of my mouth. She finally
got up, showered, and left for the afternoon.
As usual she would not tell me where she was going or what time she
would return. But, I was expected to
ready for her at any time. Dinner must
be prepared and the house must me spotless.
And as usual I was ready for her by late afternoon. I waited and waited for her to come
back. I was afraid to call for fear she
would be mad at me. I fixed dinner,
hoping Becky would return to eat, but she never showed up. With all of my chores done and the house
quiet it was hard to keep my mind off of my own desires. My clit would get hard and my balls would
begin to ache. Becky never allowed me to
wear any support for my balls. She knew
it would relieve the aching feeling, and she liked to know that I was suffering
for her. 

&nbsp;

Finally, at 9:30 Beckys car came into the garage. I nervously stood by the door to greet
her. Good evening Mistress. I hope you enjoyed your day. I fixed dinner for you earlier. I could warm up something for you. Becky ignored me and walked into her bedroom
and began undressing. No, I have had
plenty to eat. She giggled. It was obvious she had been out with
somebody, some man. She never stayed out
that long with one of her girlfriends. I
picked up her clothes from the floor as she threw them, and hung them carefully
in her closet. She put her fingers in
the waistband of her skimpy pink panites.
She smiled and winked her eye. I
have a little treat for you Denny. I
knew then that she must have fucked somebody, and I would have to clean her
panties. I fell to my knees in front of
her.

&nbsp;

No, not
here! In your room!
Go, get into your piss pot Denny. I felt a twinge of excitement as I rose up
and made my way into my room. It had
been weeks since Becky had allowed me to serve as her toilet. I quickly got into place, just as Becky
entered the room. She raised the seat
and looked down. I hope you like the
surprise Denny. I have been holding it
in for an hour. Becky left the light on
in the room. I could clearly see her
pussy as she sat down. She spread the
hairy lips apart as she relaxed on the seat.
In now time the musky odor of her sex filled the inside of the chamber,
and my face was only inches from her gaping pussy. I watched as she released her muscles. I expected a spray of piss, but to my
surprise, a large gob of cum spilled out onto my face. Becky spread her legs and looked down at
me. 

&nbsp;

Eat it Denny. Its Rons cum. Ron is a new client. He used to play football. He has a large black cock and his balls are
huge. He filled me with his cum. I
looked again as Becky allowed another stream of his hot seed to fall directly
into my mouth. I almost gagged. No matter how much I wanted to please Becky,
someone else fucking her offended me.
And to make matters worse, she flaunted it right under my nose,
literally. I dont know whether it was
the taste, or if it was the idea, that some other man was fucking her. Tell me how much you like it Denny. Another stream of thick semen fell onto my
lips. The vile taste of ejaculate filled
my taste buds. Tell me Denny. Tell me you like it. 

&nbsp;

I had to pretend. I had to do go along with her. Yes Mistress, II like it. I love to please you this way Mistress. I likeI likethe taste of it Mistress. Becky laughed. As she did, she lost control of her bladder
and sprayed a large stream of hot piss into my face. I opened my mouth and swallowed as much as I
could. At least it killed the taste of the cum. I know you
like that Denny. Dont you? I answered as another spurt of hot urine
coated my face. Yes Mistress. 

&nbsp;

Becky continued to sit on the
pot, allowing the remainder of her piss to drip slowly onto my face. Now you must promise me Denny that you will
do as I say tomorrow. You will go to Dr.
Prestons office and tell the receptionist.
Her name is Kala. You tell her
why you are there. Then she will tell
Dr. Preston, and she will interrupt her appointment schedule to see you. Promise me now! Becky talked to me like I was a little
kid. It made me feel so ashamed. But, I vowed that I would follow her
orders. Becky rose up from the pot and
bent down. To my dismay she locked my
wrists to the side of the cabinet, and I was trapped. Now you think about what I have told you
Denny. She closed the seat and left the
room, turning the lights out as the door shut.
Needless to say, I had a very restless night. Beckys piss and her boyfriends cum coated
my face. Every breath I took reminded me
of what I had become. 

&nbsp;

Becky came back once during
the night and pissed on my face again, without saying a word. The next morning she returned and released
her strong morning load into my awaiting mouth.
Now, tell me what you are going to do Denny. Becky would not let me go until I repeated
the instruction and promised again to follow them. I showered quickly and fixed Beckys
breakfast before she left for work. 

&nbsp;

Shortly before 9 am I was standing in front of Dr. Prestons office,
hoping to be the first in the door. Over
the next few minutes several other patients joined me. I knew then that I would have to wait. Kala was surprised to see me when she opened
the office door. Why Denny, what are
you doing here? You do not have an
appointment. I stumbled in and stood by
her reception desk. Let me get the
other patients into rooms for Dr. Preston to see them, and then I will talk
with you. Is that ok Denny? I smiled and nodded my head.

&nbsp;

A short while later, Kala had
moved the other patients out of the waiting area and there was just the two of
us there. I was extremely nervous, but
relieved that I would be talking with Kala alone. Denny, Dr. Preston is very busy today, and
I dont think she can work you in. Is
there something wrong? Kala smiled as
she opened a file drawer and pulled out my folder. Let me look at your chart. I could feel my face burning with
embarrassment. Well, you seeamy
wifea ask me to see Dr. Preston today.
Kala interrupted me. But Denny,
you dont have an appointment, and Dr. Preston does not see patients without an
appointment unless it is an extreme emergency.


&nbsp;

I had noticed in the past how
beautiful Kala was. This morning she was
particularly pretty. She wore a very
short dress, so short that I could almost see her stocking tops. Let me read the notes for your last
visit. Lets see. Kala pushed her finger down the page reading
to herself, glancing at me, and smiling.
I could feel my face burning with embarrassment. Oh yes, I remember now. Here is a note where Dr. Preston and your
wife talked the other day. She gave her
an assignment for you. Kalas face lit
up, and she put her hand over her mouth.
She was obviously excited to read what Dr. Preston had told Becky. I thought my heart would beat out of my
chest. My face was burning with shame. 

&nbsp;

Was there a problem with you
assignment Denny? I looked down at the
floor, totally humiliated. You can tell
me Denny. I am a professional, and I
talk with patients all the time about their problems. I gathered the courage to look up at
Kala. I could not help but notice the
size of her breasts. They were much
larger than I remembered before. Maybe
it was the dress she was wearing, but she seemed much more beautiful, more sexier than the last time I had seen her. Denny, I cant help you unless you tell
me. I swallowed nervously and looked
down again. It was so hard to find the
words. Well Kala Kala interrupted me. Miss Kala will do Denny. I liked to be called Miss Kala. I could feel my face blush again. Miss Kala, I am sorry maam. II mean my wife and I
a went to this bara where she likes to go.
Anda I felt so humiliated.

&nbsp;

Kalas voice became very stern. You are going to have to tell me Denny! Now get to the point. I dont have all morning! I know what your assignment was Denny. Now did you follow directions? You were supposed to attract a man and give
him oral sex. I felt like my heart was
going to blow up. I had never felt so
embarrassed in front of somebody like Kala.
You can tell me Denny. Did you
perform on him like you were supposed to?
Well, did you? I was beside of
myself with shame. Yes maam. I did.
I did it onon two men. 

&nbsp;

Kala smiled and sat down on
the edge of her desk. Her dress was so
short I could the tops of her stockings.
The straps to her garter belt were exposed, and I could not take my eyes
off them. Then what is the problem
Denny? Kala was so sexy, so
pretty. I wanted to worship her. When mymy wife askedasked me if I liked it, II told her
no. Kala pulled a chair directly in
front of her and told me to sit in it.
Then she resumed her position on the edge of her desk, her legs spread
just enough to make me squirm. I could
now see the shiny material on the crotch piece of her panties. Denny you said the wrong thing. You made a big mistake. You should have told
your wife that you liked to eat the semen from those men. I looked down at the floor. I know that now Miss Kala. Kala pushed my chin up with her finger. So what do you want me to do about it? I begged her.
Please Miss Kala. Please help
me. Sheshe wants me totalk with Dr.
Preston. She thinks that...that with counselingI
willwill learn toto like the taste of it.


&nbsp;

Kala began writing in my
chart. I looked down again at Kalas legs. She was
so beautiful. I will talk to Dr.
Preston as soon as she is finished with her first patient. Until then, you can sit right here. I sat quietly as Kala went back to doing her
duties. Occasionally she would look at
me and smile, ask me an embarrassing question, or try to make my face turn red. I felt totally ashamed and humiliated. 

&nbsp;

When I sat on the edge of my
desk Denny, you were looking at my panties.
I know you were. I was afraid
to answer. Denny, I dont like it when
people ignore me. Answer me! I nervously fumbled with my fingers. Yes Miss Kala. Kala giggled.
I bet you would like to smell them Denny. I bet you would give anything to smell my
panites. I fumbled again trying to hide
my embarrassment. Yes maam. Kala giggled.
She reached under her desk and began shifting her weight and pulling at
herself. My heart raced with
excitement. Was she going to take them
off? I watched as she finally settled
back in her chair, smiling. She slowly
raised her hand, her finger extended, and a pair of wispy white panties hanging
from her long nail. Smell them Denny!

&nbsp;

My heart was beating wildy. I looked at
the panties, then at Kala, then back at the panties. Go ahead Denny. Take them!
I looked around at the empty waiting room. Then I slowly extended my hand. I touched them with my fingers. They were so soft and smooth. Kala stood up and moved towards me, pushing
the panties to my face, all in one motion.
Smell them Denny. The whisper
of Kalas voice was so soft. I inhaled the light sexy scent of her
panties. Beneath the fresh smelling
perfume she was wearing was the unmistakable musky odor of pussy. My penis sprang to life, and my balls stirred
with emotion. 

&nbsp;

Do you like them Denny? Do you like to smell my pussy? The scent of her panties attracted me to
Kala. I was under her command. Yes Mistress, I love your scent. I want to worship you. Then I caught myself. I am sorry Miss Kala. I didnt mean to say Mistress. Kala smiled.
Oh thats ok Denny. I dont
mind. In fact, I like it. After all, you are submissive to all
women. Is that right Denny? She continued to hold the crotch of her
panties to my nose, and the scent of her sex was driving me wild. Yes Mistress. I will do anything you like. Kala pulled her panties away from face and
laughed. So you will do anything I
want? Kalas smile lured me deeper into
her web. Yes
Mistress, anything. Kala held
the panties up again. You can start by
putting my panties back on. She stood
up in front of her chair and dropped the panties to the floor. Get to your knees and put them on me
Denny! I quickly fell to the floor and
held the panties open, so Kala could step into them. One foot at a time, Kala snaked her beautiful
feet through leg openings of the panties.
I slowly pulled them up her legs until I reached the hem of her short
dress. 

&nbsp;

I looked up as Kala smiled
down at me. Well Denny, raise my
dress. I nervously pushed her dress
upward as I raised Kalas panties over her knees and up her thighs. My eyes widened as I got the first glimpse of
her hairy mound. Her pubic hair was very
thick, noticeably uncut, and extremely captivating. I quickly noticed the strong scent of her
arousal. I instinctively moved my face
closer. 

&nbsp;

Pull them up Denny! I have not given you permission to do
anything more! I immediately drew my
face back and pulled the panties over her ass cheeks. I dropped my hands to my side as Kala pushed
her dress in place. Now Denny, I want
you to think about this while you sit and wait for Dr. Preston. I was totally mesmerized by Kala. The sight and smell of her pussy lingered in
my mind. You will follow my commands,
wont you Denny? I nodded my head as I
sat quietly in the chair beside of her desk.
You will speak to no one about this Denny. Is that clear? 

&nbsp;

I nodded my head and sat
quietly while Kala got Dr. Preston ready to see the remaining patients. I anxiously watched the minutes click
by. Finally, at 10:30, Dr. Preston saw the last patient. Kala looked at me and smiled frequently as I
waited. I knew she was testing me. I wanted to serve her so badly. Why did Becky want me to talk directly to
Kala? Why did Kala tempt me so
much? So many questions ran through my
head. 

&nbsp;

At 11:00 the last patient was finishing up with Dr. Preston,
and Kala moved me into Dr. Prestons personal office. I nervously anticipated the meeting with Dr.
Preston, knowing I would have to tell the humiliating story again.

Good morning Denny! I hope you are doing well. Dr. Preston rushed
thought the door of her office, sat down, and began leafing through my
chart. She too looked especially
beautiful that morning. Surely she was
wearing a dress of some type, but nothing seemed to reveal itself under the
short lab coat that clung to her body.
The scent of her sexy perfume lingered in the air as she rushed past me
to sit. 

&nbsp;

I have asked Kala to join
us. I understand she has discussed with
you the She paused for a moment as her
smile widened a bit. the
little problem you are having. I could
feel my face burn with shame. Having
Kala there would make it even more humiliating.
The room became quiet as Kala made her way in and sat on the couch
beside of me. I blushed as I thought of
the encounter we had only a short while ago.
I could still imagine the sultry scent of her sex. Denny, I gave Becky an assignment for you the
other day, and it sounds like you have not complied properly with that
assignment. Is that true? Dr. Preston began making notes in my chart,
as I fumbled for words of explanation.
Yes maam, ano maama I didI did do what
Beckya Ms Becky asked me to do.
Aits just thatwellits just that II did it, butaI didnt like doing it. Dr. Preston wrote again in the chart, and
then looked at me sternly. You didnt
like it? I looked down in my lap and
fiddled with my fingers. No
maam. Dr. Preston rose up and walked
to the couch and stood in front of me.
Why Denny? Why did you not want
to please those men? It was something
Becky would have enjoyed knowing. Becky
wanted you to do that for her, but you did not like it. Why?
I felt very uncomfortable as Dr. Preston continued to ask me
questions. Before I could answer one,
she would ask another, or lecture me like I was a kid in school. 

&nbsp;

Denny, you are a
submissive. We have been through this
before in your sessions. You are to please
Becky, or anybody she wants you to please.
That is your agreement, your arrangement with Becky. You say you want to please her, yet you
rebel, and cause problems like this. You
should not be questioning these things in your mind, much less when Becky
confronts you. Why on earth would you do
this? I could feel my face burning like
fire. I was too ashamed to look up at
Dr. Preston, so I just looked down at the floor. As I listened I watched Dr. Prestons feet, her legs, and noticed again how beautiful
and sexy she looked. I was so
embarrassed, yet hopelessly excited by these beautiful women. I even imagined throwing myself at her feet
and worshiping her, but I knew it was out of question.

&nbsp;

Speak to me Denny! What do you have to say about this? How can you justify this to me? I fumbled again for words, but all I could
say was how sorry I was. I dont want
to hear how sorry you are Denny. Sorry
does not solve this problem. You have to
decide in your mind if you are going to please Becky! If you are, then you will have to change your
attitude. If you are going to please
her, you must want to comply with her wishes.
You must eagerly accept and embrace her commands. You must beg to do her bidding! Do you understand me? 

&nbsp;

Shad had never been talked to
so sternly until that day. I was so
humiliated, yet uncontrollably under their her spell.
I knew Dr. Preston must be right, and wanted to believe her. Her strong sexual presense
excited me, and I could fell my penis respond.
I was actually getting hard. I
wanted so badly to please her. Her
perfume lingered in the air, elevating my desires. I was so confused. She was driving me crazy with lust and the
desire to please her. 

&nbsp;

I spent the next several
minutes begging for another chance. I
do understand Dr. Preston. Please help
me, train me to do better. II want toto please Becky so badly. I kept thinking about the other night, how
Becky made me suck their cocks and eat their cum. I tried to tell myself that it was ok. I repeated it in my mind. 

&nbsp;

I can help you Denny, but
you have to do it. I cant do it for
you. Tell me, what are you going to
do? Are you going to give in to your selfish
feelings, or are you going to take your relationship with Becky to the next
level, show her your loyalty and gratitude?
I promised Dr. Peston that I would. I want to hear you say it Denny! Tell me what you are going to do the next
time Becky gives you the privilege to serve her, to humiliate yourself for her
pleasure, to
show her how far you will go to please her.
I want to hear you say it! 

&nbsp;

My penis was pushing against
my pants, and my balls ached from the many days of abstinence. II will do anything to pleaseto please
Becky. I will do anything she tells me
to do. Dr. Preston raise
my chin up and looked into my eyes. I
want to hear you say it Denny. You have
not told me what you will do, and how much you will enjoy doing it. You must
say it to me and Kala right now. 

&nbsp;

I wanted to say the right
thing. I thought for a moment, took a
deep breath, and swallowed. I want to
perform oral sex on Beckys boyfriends for her amusement. I want to suck their cocks and eat their cum. I want to
show Becky that I enjoy doing that for her.
Then I lowered my head in shame, but relieved that I had said for them
to hear. Maybe now it would be over and
they would let me go.

&nbsp;

Thats better Denny. Dr. Preston walked back to her desk and sat
down. Her voice was much lower and
actually soothing. Denny, I always record my sessions forfor medical reasons
of course. You understand that these
matters are private, between you, me, my staff, and of course your wife. You did sign a form allowing Becky to review
your medical record. I felt a sudden
surge of anxiety as I realized what had happened. They had tricked me. I looked at Kala from the corner of my
eye. She was smiling in a provocative
way. 

&nbsp;

Now, Denny there is one more
thing you must do before you go back to Becky. Dr. Preston looked at Kala. We are going to test you to make sure that
you are being sincere. Kala, I want you
to take Denny to the hospital. A
thousand thoughts went through my head.
Why the hospital? There is
nothing wrong with me. I dont need any
treatment. Why must I go there? One of our patients, Mr. Washington, is due
to be released in a few days. Dr.
Preston smiled. He needsspecial
attentionthat we, that is Kala and I, cant give him, for professional reasons. I think you will like him Denny. Hopefully you will demonstrate to Kala and to
Mr. Washington how serious you are about your commitment.

&nbsp;

A few minutes later Kala and
I were on the way to the hospital. It
happened so quick I hardly had time to think.
Kala pulled my arm. Come with me
Denny, we can take my car. Once we were
in the car driving across town I began to relax a little. But, I could not help but stare at Kalas beautiful legs.
Her dress was so short I could see the crotch of her panties. Kalas milky thighs
excited me, and Kala knew it. She would
look down occasionally and then look at me and smile. 

&nbsp;

Mr. Washington is black Denny.
I knew in the back of my mind what Kala would make me do, but I tried
not to think about it. And he is gay
too! I could feel my face getting red
again. He has been under Dr. Prestons
care for several years now, since he got out of college. He is really a very intelligent man. He is just confused about some things, if you
know what I mean. She looked at me with
a devlish smile.
From time to time he needs help.
But, he is doing much better.
Today he just needs some encouragement from a sexual perspective. I got the nervous feeling in my stomach,
like I always get when Becky makes me do something I dont want to do. I knew she was going to make me suck his
cock.

&nbsp;

Soon we were at the
hospital. Kala parked and we walked
in. Of course she knew exactly where to
go, and within a few minutes we were standing near the nurses desk. A rough looking heavyset nurse came out with
a key.  Hes
ready. Dr. Preston called a few minutes
ago, and I have Mr. Washington in exam room 3.
Here is the key. I swallowed
hard as Kala took the key. She pulled me
by the arm again and rushed me down the dimly lit hallway away from the nurses
desk. We stopped in front of the exam
room door. 

&nbsp;

Before we go in Denny, I
want you to tell you something. Think of
me as Becky. Imagine that I am Becky and
I am asking you to do this for me. Kala
looked up and down the hallway to see that no one was listening. She moved her beautiful face close to mine
and whispered softly. I want you to
give Mr. Washington a blow job Denny.
I want you to take all of his cum into your mouth. Do it for me Denny. I almost melted at the sound of her voice. Kala was so beautiful, so sexy, that I could not
refuse her. Yet I was petrified with
fear. Despite my growing anxiety, I had
to convince her that I was serious. I
promiseaI promise toto make you happy
Before I could say anymore, Kala opened the steel door and almost pushed
me inside. 

&nbsp;

Mr. Washington, this is Denny.
The tall young black man stood up.
He smiled broadly and looked me up and down. He was not bad looking, but he had a funny
look on his face, as if he wasnt expecting me, yet excited to see me. Kala shut the door, locked it with the key,
and sat down on a chair. Well Denny,
why dont you two get acquainted?

&nbsp;

I was so nervous that I could
not speak. Mr. Washington sat down in his chair and turned towards me. There were only two chairs in the small room
and I felt awkward standing before him.
He did not say a word either. He
just starred at me and smiled. Denny,
Mr. Washington is going home tomorrow, and we want him to know that
he will be well you knowwelcome. She
looked at the black man. Do you
currently have any boyfriends Mr. Washington?
My nervous anxiety was becoming more acute, and I felt extremely
tense. But I tried to hide it and stay
focused on what I had to do. I kept
telling myself that I must look convincing.
I must prove to Kala that I will obey, and show appreciation. 

&nbsp;

You can tell Miss Kala. Come on now Mr. Washington, I know you dont.
Thats why I brought Denny. He
has a surprise for you. My heart was
beating wildly as they both stared at me.
I tried to talk, but could not get the words to flow. Tell Mr. Washington Denny. Tell
him how much you would like to please him.
I looked at Miss Kala and managed to fake a smile. When was the last time you came Mr. Washington. Ill bet your
balls are full. Arent they? My heart raced in my chest as Kala so crudely
got to the point. The black man smiled
and put his hand to his crotch over the large outline of his cock. Denny, get to your knees and help Mr. Washington with his pants.


&nbsp;

I was beside of myself with
fear and anxiety, yet I somehow manged to move. I got down on my knees as the black man stood
up. My face was only inches from his
crotch. Kala motioned for me to begin
and I unbuckle his pants and pulled them down.
At the same time Mr. Washington pulled his shirt over his head, almost as if he was
used to doing this. I timidly watched as
the head of his large black cock protruded from the silky panties he wore. 

&nbsp;

You are already getting
excited Mr. Washington! That is
good. That means you are feeling much
better. Ill bet you cant wait for
Denny to suck that big cock of yours.
Kalas sexy voice made the young black man even more excited and his
cock grew harder. Soon the large
glistening head was fully exposed. A
drop of precum had already formed on his piss slit. Pull his panties down Denny. Go ahead, pull them
down so you can see his balls. I leaned
forward and placed my fingertips in the waistband of his panties, and touched
his skin for the first time. His cock
twitched as I pulled the panties down, exposing his large balls. I noticed a faint musty scent of ctotch. His cock was
now fully erect and I had not even touched it.


&nbsp;

Look at that Denny. Put your hand on his balls and feel how full
they are. I looked up at Kala and
managed to smile. Despite the degrading
circumstances I had to look excited and anxious to please him. Are you ready to suck his big black cock
Denny? As difficult as it was I
replied. Oh yes Mistress Kala, may I
please suck Mr. Washingtons cock? Kala
laughed. Dont ask me Denny, ask Mr. Washington. I swallowed hard and turned my head upward. May I a suck your a suck your cock Mr. Washington? I could
hardly speak, my mouth was so dry. He
looked down with a big smile and nodded his head. I looked at his large cock bobbing in front
of me.

&nbsp;

Well Denny, put your hand
around it. Take it into your mouth. Lets see you suck that big black cock. I looked briefly at Kala again and smiled
while I wrapped my fingers around his throbbing member. I slowly turned and brought it to my lips, as
the growing musty scent of his balls filtered through my nostrils. I closed my eyes and pushed his large cock
head into my mouth. He immediately began
to moan. The taste of his precum filled
my senses. I instinctively pushed my
tongue all around the head of his cock. 

&nbsp;

Do you like it Denny? Does it taste good? I pulled away from his cock long enough to
nod my head and respond to Mistress Kala.
Yes, maam.
I love the taste of his cock. I
quickly fed his bulging cock back between my lips. I had lost count of the number of cocks I had
sucked in the last few months. Each one
was a little different, but all of them shamed me, humiliated me a little
more. I felt like a cheap whore. 

&nbsp;

Mistress Kala kept taunting me,
embarrassing me each time she spoke.
Suck that big cock. Lick his
balls too Denny. Dont ignore them. She described so many different ways for me
to please him, each one humiliating and degrading. Finally the black man started hunching my
face. I am going to cum. Oh god, I am going to cum! It was the first words he had spoken. Oh yes, I am going to cum! He put his hands on my head and pulled me
into his hunching crotch. His cock
became rigid like steel, and suddenly he groaned real loud. I could feel the first shot oh his cum hit
the back of my throat. My entire mouth
filled with the raunchy taste of his hot semen.
He shot again and again, each time moaning loudly. There was so much cum in my mouth I had to
swallow some of it. He continued to
contract his muscles and deposit tiny loads of cum. 

&nbsp;

Finally Mr. Washington pulled away, allowing the softening head of his cock
to slide from my lips. It was still very
large, much larger than most cocks I had seen.
He took it in his right hand and firmly ran his fist along the length of
the shaft, forcing out a big glob of semen.
He brushed it across my face. 

&nbsp;

The whole time Kala sat and watched. She moaned, giggled, and made other noises to
taunt me. Did you like it Denny? My mouth was still filled with cum. Dont swallow yet! Kala almost yelled at me. I want to see
it. Open your mouth Denny. Tell me how much you love his cum, and how
much you want to swallow it! 

&nbsp;

Just as I thought it was
over, Kala continued my humiliation. I
turned, opened my mouth, and displayed the large volume of hot cum he had
deposited in my mouth. I could feel the
large glob he had wiped on my face, as it ran down my nose and across my upper
lip. It was almost impossible to talk
with my mouth so full. Yes maama yes
maam II love the taste of cumII love the the feel of itin my mouth. I tried to smile as I said it, all the time
my face burned with shame. Kala looked
at me for several moments as I froze in place, praying that she would let me
swallow and get it over with. Show Mr. Washington how much you love his cum Denny. 

&nbsp;

I was overcome with anxiety
as I turned and showed Mr. Washington. I almost gagged as he looked down at me with
a satisfied smile. Ok Denny, you can
swallow now and tell us how much you enjoy the taste of Mr. Washingtons semen. It
was one of the hardest things I had ever done.
I wanted to gag so badly, but somehow I forced myself to swallow. It was veryvery good. I really enjoyed the taste of your semen Mr. Washington. 

No matter how much I
swallowed, I could not produce enough saliva to get the taste out of my
mouth. 

&nbsp;

Thats good Denny. You did a good job. Now tell Mr. Washington again how much you enjoyed sucking his cock and
eating his cum. Tell him! I tuned and looked up to the tall black
man. Thank you sir for allowing me
toto suck your cock andand eat your cum. Kala pushed my shoulder. Help him with his clothes Denny. Dont be ill mannered. Pull his panties back up and and clean his
cock off real good before you put it back into his panties. 

&nbsp;

Kala continued to humiliate
me yet on one more act of degradation. I
looked at Mr. Washingtons cock as a droplet of semen clung to the piss
slit. Hurry Denny before it drops to
the floor! I had gone this far, and it
would be a shame to stop now. I gently
pulled his panties up to his balls. I
looked at Kala with a forced smile. Then
I turned and brought the large cock into my mouth again, just catching the
large dollop of cum as it leaked from his shrinking cock. I swallowed it quickly and smiled again for
Kala. I pulled his panties up the rest
of the way, and then his trousers.

&nbsp;

I can barely remember the
next few minutes before we left. Kala
humiliated me further with complements of how well I had sucked Mr. Washingtons cock. She
talked about how I was becoming so good at sucking cocks and eating semen. I was so ashamed and embarrassed that I just
smiled and agreed with what she said.
Finally we left the hospital.

&nbsp;

Denny, this is what you
should do when Becky gives you the privilege of entertaining her. She paused for a moment. Although, if I were you, I
would sharpen my skills a little more.
You did ok today, but you need to improve. Kala sighted several examples. I felt so embarrassed. But I knew I must act interested and show her
respect. I even asked her to point out
things that I should work on. Maybe you
should rent a few fuck film Denny. Watch
girls suck cock. Get used to it
Denny. You are going to be sucking a lot
of cocks, and you must learn to like it.
She dropped me off at my car. I
was so relieved that it was over. There
is one more thing Denny. If you want a
good report from me to Dr. Preston this afternoon, you will remember that I am
your Mistress too. I replied
quickly. Oh yes Mistress. I promise to do anything you want. Kala smiled. I will be calling you Denny. Then she sped away.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be continued in Chapter 16

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Young


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





