BDSM Library - Darkest Desires




Darkest Desires
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One mans struggle to come to terms with his most secret thoughts by acting them out. DARKEST DESIRES.  
The icy wind penetrates my coat as I sit here in the pouring rain massaging
  my chapped blistered fingers. The spade is resting against my lap covered in
  the muddy earth which it has dug.  
My heart aches and fills with dread as the thoughts of the last few weeks
  are still raw in my mind. I sink my head into my hands and sob pitifully as
  I recall those dreadful weeks and the destructive force of my mind as I let
  it free for the first time in my life with disastrous consequences.  
I take you back now to the start of this horrific ordeal and the events that
  have led up to the horrifying predicament I now find myself in.  
It was cold that evening, I remembered how the wind rustled around my body
  and I pulled my coat tighter around me keeping my hands inside my pockets.
  It was late and the subway was almost deserted as I entered. I remember seeing
  a group of youths which made me feel uncomfortable and I put my head down and
  hurried along down the poorly lit tunnel. As I got to the end where the steps
  started I noticed a poster on the wall, not a big one around a4 size it didn't
  stand out too much to the onlooker but the chains bordering the page made it
  stand out to me.  
 My wife was an airhostess and as such was never home. Our sex life was 'normal'
  to say the least that's when it happened which was rarely. I could never talk
  to her, I so wanted to tell her my feelings, my emotions all my desires and
  fantasies but as soon as I tried she'd say "your not on about sex again are
  you?" and that would put an end to that.  
 The poster read..  
Darkest desires,  
 'Escort' agency for those of you with a wicked mind.  
Then at the bottom of the page there was scrawled 'anything goes'  
I ripped the poster off the wall and thrust it into my pocket and continued
  on my way home.  
The house was empty and dark as usual, she wouldn't be back for a few weeks
  she was on some sort of training course. She used to phone me when she went
  away she would phone me everyday, sometimes more but this had diminished down
  to once a week if I was lucky.  
I threw the scrawled piece of paper on the table and sat looking at it. I
  must have stared at it for hours. By the time I actuary picked the phone up
  I had memorised the number. I dialled carefully then hung up. What was I thinking
  of I was confused and felt disorientated so I went over to the cabinet and
  poured myself a whiskey. Sitting back at the table I drunk the shot and dialled
  again.  
"Hello darkest desires, Tracey speaking, how may I be of service?"  
I clammed up for a few seconds I didn't know what to say it felt so strange
  so absolutely wrong but at the same time so invigoratingly naughty it had to
  have been right.  
"Hello" I stuttered "I was wondering what kind of service do you actually
  offer?"  
"Well sir that depends entirely what your desires are" the ladies voice was
  low and sexy just the sound of her was turning me on.  
"Do you do spanking?" I blurted out, for a few seconds I felt like a depraved
  sick pervert.  
"Yes sir, we do things from the mild bottom spanking to full on tied gagged
  and whipped depending on what you actuary want"  
"to be honest miss I've never really thought about it into those depths,
  in all honesty my fantasy is to have complete control, I want to scare her,
  treat her like she's my property" by this time my imagination was starting
  to run and everything id ever felt or ever wanted spilled out down the phone
  to a women id never met, I got the feeling she was listening as well. This
  was a new experience for me, someone listening to what I wanted for a change,
  I decided there and then I was going to make the most of this opportunity,
  what was the point in doing this unless I went the whole hog and got it out
  of my system. Maybe after this I could be a better husband and concentrate
  on my marriage.  
"You sound like you're a special' client I have just the right match for
  you, her names Sarah she is experienced with dominant males and enjoys serving.
  Her extension number is 475 enter this into the phone now and you can chat
  with her"  
"Thank you for your help Tracey goodbye" I dialled the extension number and
  the sexiest voice I had ever heard in my life answered the phone.  
"Hello, my names Sarah how may I serve" the voice was so erotic I felt my
  trousers shift as I grew erect in an instant.  
"I was given this" I stopped dead in my tracks I couldn't complete my sentence
  the words just wouldn't find their way out of my mouth.  
"You have special requirements that is why you were passed onto me, anything
  goes sir you can't shock me" god she was just so deeply arousing I stuttered
  my next sentence out.  
"I want to scare you, come into your hotel room and rape you tie you up and
  beat you I want to see the fear in your eyes and hear the pounding of your
  heart as you submit under my control" there I had said it, ok I felt like a
  total debauched arsehole but id said it now, if she didn't want to know she
  could hang up and never have to speak to me again.  
"Yes sir I understand, and when would you like this to take place?" she asked.
  She seemed totally at ease with me and this served to boost my confidence.  
"Next week sometime, if that's possible?" I asked putting a more masterful
  tone on.  
"Yes sir, how about Tuesday at 8pm the master at arms hotel" she seemed to
  have things pretty much under control.  
"Sounds great, erm how do I" I was stopped in my tracks again.  
"you leave an envelope in the name of Sarah Collins with payment inside, &pound;150
  to be precise, you ask if there's a message for a Mr a graham which will be
  your alias, I do not wish to know your name. There will a small envelope inside
  will be the room key. Do you have your own toys or would you like me to provide
  some?" she said so calmly it took me back a little.  
"No, no I don't will I need some?" I answered rather pathetically.  
"If you wish to tie me up you'll at least need rope I tell you what ill leave
  a bag at reception for you under your alias inside ill put a selection of things
  just knock on the door of my room at 8.30 when you are changed and ready." She
  had everything sorted out, she was definitely good and had done this kind of
  thing before, It made me feel more at ease knowing I wasn't the only guy in
  the world who liked 'this sort of stuff'.  
The week went dreadfully slow as it always does when you're waiting for one
  specific moment to arrive but it came eventually. I went to the reception and
  left the envelope with the young lady took my bag of goodies and went to her
  room.  
Whilst in the lift I examined my goodie bag and to my amazement there were
  artefacts in there I hadn't got a clue what to do with, left to my imagination
  though I could visualise a few scenarios.  
I gathered the things I was going to use and did as I had been told to knock
  twice wait 30 seconds then barge in locking the door behind me and began.  
She screamed and headed towards the rear of the room, I was too quick for
  her I dove over the bed and grabbing her hair dragged her onto the bed. Wow
  she was feisty her legs were kicking madly into the air and it took me all
  my strength just to keep her on the bed let alone try and tie her down. I had
  to release one of her arms to reach for the rope and in that split second she
  evaded my grasp and headed towards the door calling out. This scared me I ran
  over as quickly as I could and slapped her face so hard it knocked her to the
  floor, she squinted her eyes evilly at me and went to bite my ankle, I felt
  her teeth cutting into the skin through my trousers and I kicked out trying
  to kick her off, she hit the bed with a thud. I walked up and stood between
  her legs so she couldn't shut them and slapped her again. This knocked her
  to the floor so I grabbed her and forced her back into her seating position.
  Reaching into my pocket I got the ball gag and rammed it into her mouth securing
  it tightly at the back that would muffle any sound she was going to make.  
Grasping the rope from my other pocket I threaded it through the back of
  the gag and tied her hands to her head securely. How scared she looked now.
  She looked so innocent and so frightened.  
I used the rest of the rope to secure her to the bed after dragging her up
  there by her hair.  
 Now I could take my time and strip her of her clothing. Carefully I unbuttoned
  her dress which was buttoned at the front right down. so it opened like a coat
  and ran my fingers over her belly touching and admiring her belly piercing
  I leaned over and tickled it with my tongue at first, then I put my teeth around
  it and tugged quite hard, not too hard but enough to get her attention. Running
  my fingers up to her bra I undid the catch at the front letting her breast
  hang out freely. I kissed and nibbled her breasts not too hard but hard enough
  to make her squirm.  
I leant up to her head and whispered in her ear " are you scared yet?" she
  wriggled and writhed beneath me unable to answer because of the gag but the
  writhing was enough to assure me she was.  
 I took a small knife out of my pocket (this I had bought of my own accord)
  leaning in over her I cut her panties off, she looked so unequivocally frightened
  my penis instantly enlarged and started to burst out of my pants.  
I could wait no longer I unzipped and let him fall out, her eyes widened
  as I crouched above her and slid him deep inside her.  
I was so aroused it was over in moments, but I didn't care I was so satisfied
  I lay back on the bed and closed my eyes.  
The door to the bathroom opened and to my surprise a tall man appeared. He
  walked over to Sarah and untied her then left the room again.  
 She sat up and shook her hair out. "Wow, I have to admit that was really
  good. are you sure you've never done this before?" I was just so gob smacked.
  I intended on leaving her tied and just disappearing but she seemed to have
  enjoyed it.  
"I have never had a first timer who acted quiet like that, I hope you propose
  on booking me again I can't wait to see how you develop" she winked at me.
  I didn't have time to answer as the door opened and the man from before walked
  in carrying a tray with two glasses and a bottle of wine on.  
"Thanks Charles, you know how I love a glass of white after seeing red" she
  said and winked at him. She turned and noticed the startled expression on my
  face.  
"Surely you don't think id be alone in this business? Charles is my companion
  he watches from the camera there look on the ceiling" and pointed to a small
  camera mounted on the far wall "he keeps me safe from harm whilst letting me
  have my little pleasures and staying away from view" she laughed as she spoke
  and I knew then this was a smart women who knew what she wanted and went out
  of her way to get it. How I envied her.  
We booked the same time same place for the following week. All week all I
  could think about was how she had tricked me, how her sweet gentle smile and
  her quivering frightful looks were all part of her play acting. I wanted to
  make the next time different, this occasion I really wanted to scare her, but
  how? How could I scare a woman who does this for a living? Then it hit me,
  the only time her eyes opened wide was when I pulled the knife out, It was
  something she was not expecting; maybe I could work on this.  
When I got home I went to work straight on the net, looking up the toys used
  in 'bondage and scare games' some were really good but most were for the effect
  just aesthetic uses. I didn't deem any of them worthy of scaring her. As I
  was getting bored I came across a site about torture equipment they used in
  the 17 th  /18 th  century,
  this was it, this is exactly what I was looking for. I spent hours sifting
  through the pictures and descriptions printing them off. The following say
  I went shopping, the whole of the following week I called in sick and worked
  on making an ancient method of torture and shopping for the other things I
  had spotted that intrigued me enough to buy them.  
 The article of torture I had chosen was used in the 17 th  century
  I believe it was used on queen Joanna of Naples when her rein came to an abrupt
  end and she was taken prisoner.  
It was called a wooden pear due to its shape, but nothing about this was
  either soft or juicy, two blocks of wood which had a screw like mount on the
  outside when fitted together looked like a pear, it was used to insert inside
  people either orally and where ever else it might fit. Then it was opened slowly
  by the screw, it was made in such a way that its sheer strength could if turned
  enough crack open the jaw bone of a prisoner or tear their insides open ferociously.
  The thought this was actually used many times on people in this manner overwhelmed
  me with intrigue and a desire to see its mechanical excellence in use.  
I gathered my things together and made to the hotel around 7pm I wanted to
  watch them come, it gave me a feeling of power to know they didn't know I was
  watching them, then as before I picked up the room key. When I got the door
  though I decided not to knock, this time I was just going to enter and what
  an entrance I made.  
'bang' the door thudded against the wall, literally knocking some of the
  plaster out, there she was standing near the window, this time she did looked
  shocked in fact she looked horrified, I slammed the door shut and locked it,
  she was still standing near the dressing table in-between the bed and the window,
  she looked so elegant in her little peach coloured slip. Her nipples were erect
  and peeping through, it was so obvious she was wearing nothing else.  
I leaped over the bed and grabbed her, holding her shoulders tightly in my
  grasp I kissed her. The feel of her soft lips against mine drove me wild. She
  pushed her body slightly against mine and I could see the little smile creeping
  on her face when she saw I was aroused. This infuriated me she wasn't scared
  I felt like she was taunting me. The anger crept up inside of me till I could
  hold it in no longer and threw her violently onto the bed. grasping her hand
  in mine I took the cuffs out my pocket and slapped them on her wrist then to
  the bed so she was tethered but allowed some movement. I just wanted to watch
  her reaction.  
 She did look a little shocked but that wasn't the reaction I was looking
  for, I wanted her totally scared, utterly submissive and maybe a little look
  towards the camera I knew was there but no.  
I got the rest of the cuffs out and tied her other arm to the opposite bar
  on the bed, and then I tied her feet to her outstretched arms, I knew how uncomfortable
  and vulnerable this would make her feel and watched closely for her reaction.  
 This time she did look a little scared this pleased me immensely, I stood
  up and slowly removed my belt from my trousers I lashed it against my palm
  once looking at her. She didn't squint until I came at her with full force
  and lashed her bare backside, the scream from her lips was insufferably tantalising
  and encouraged me, I hit her again and again, her bottom was so red and sore
  by now, I bent down to feel the raised red marks in her flesh, my whole body
  shudder as my fingers traced each one from one side of her buttocks to the
  other.  
 Then an evil thought crossed my mind, I stood up again and lashed her straight
  across her crotch making sure to catch her little bundle of nerves at the tip
  of crotch, this time she screamed out in such agony I saw tears forming in
  her eyes, a second time I lashed her just to watch her crying.  
I leaned over her trembling body "If you can pee for me right now I will
  stop lashing your pale swollen skin" I whispered.  
Immediately she thrust her buttocks into the air and I could see she was
  trying to pee with all her might, the total satisfaction I felt when I saw
  that long stream of hot pee running down the curves of her buttocks and her
  back onto the bed, soaking the sheets beneath her was indescribable.  
I waited for her to stop before I produced my handy work and I lifted it
  up to her face,  
 "Do you know what this is?" I asked her,  
 "No sir I don't" she stuttered,  
 "It's a wooden pear; do you know what it is used for?" I asked,  
 "No sir" she said as she lay there trembling. That was it, the moment id
  wanted for so long, she was totally submissive and unequivocally under my control.  
She watched intently as I started to insert it inside her as I opened it
  I could feel the torque on the screw as it got wider and wider pushing against
  her pelvic bone she must have been 10 cms at least and I could see her skin
  stretching as though it was going to tear.  
I was evil but not that evil, I left it at that stage and mounted the bed
  slipping myself deep inside her ass, all that play had drove me wild and I
  needed to empty my sack. Getting around the pear was difficult but I was so
  wound up I would have climbed a mountain to cum at that stage.  
 I slumped back onto the bed totally satisfied as soon as I had Charles entered
  the room and untied her like before. I looked over at her a little afraid of
  what she going to say to me,"wow, now that was an amazing experience, I have
  never come so close before, you are progressing so fast" she said rubbing her
  swollen marked extremities.  
"I'm glad I pleased you" I replied a little down hearted, I expected some
  sort of come back at least, but no she had enjoyed every second and was pushing
  me for more, how much further could I go, how much further could I push her.
  In pleasing her I had done nothing but totally disappointed myself.  
 That night I waited outside the hotel and watched them leaving. I followed
  them in my car and watched Charles drop her off at home. Now I knew where she
  lived.  
I watched her through the window going about her life totally unaware I was
  there. This was my chance I thought, if I'm ever going to scare her, this could
  be my only chance.  
I waited till I saw her go upstairs and tried the front door I had seen she
  hadn't locked it. Slipping the mask on I had bought for our session but never
  used I went gingerly up the stairs. As I got closer to the top I heard the
  bath running and could see her in the bathroom getting undressed.  
I waited till she was in the bath before making my move, I darted into that
  room so quickly and pushed her head under the water. Now the reaction on her
  face was the one I had been looking for, she was truly scared. I dragged her
  out the bath by her hair and took her to her bedroom. Using the ropes I tied
  her down to the bed.  
"Please, please sir don't do this" she said in such a pitiful voice it almost
  tugged on my heart strings. Almost.  
I took out the knife and ran it down her soapy naked skin, the tears in her
  eyes welling up as I went.  
I ran the knife smoothly around her nipples, not enough to cut into her but
  enough to make her think I was. I didn't want to hurt her, I just wanted to
  make her think I would, it was the power of knowing I could.  
I slid the knife gently down again to her crotch, touching and tapping the
  blade on her clit, how elegant she looked totally at my mercy. I had forgotten
  I hadn't any condoms on me I only took one to the session and I had used that.
  The thought struck me just as my groin started to twitch. Then the thought
  of what I was doing hit home, this was supposed to be fun a new experience
  not an insight into how cruel and evil I could be.  
I left her tied there and left the house.  
 I ran home and picked up a spade and here I am, sitting in the mud in the
  pouring rain trying to bury everything about the last two weeks, my clothes
  the toys even the pear I had so lovingly hand made. Should I phone the police
  and tell them she's tied up? I hadn't even closed the door properly what if
  she really is being hurt. I had possibly destroyed the one person who ever
  understood me with my darkest desires.  
littlered  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlered


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





