BDSM Library - Chloe - Dominated and Degraded




Chloe - Dominated and Degraded
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Domination and degradation in the extreme as Chloe Starkers, a young FBI agent on the fast track, is forced to exchange her freedom and dignity in exchange for her supervisor's silence about certain elements of her personal life. Chloe endures a variety of fiendish torments as well as rape as she is slowly transformed into his mindless slave.
			Chloe - Dominated and Degraded




	"Chloe, you've got your tit in a wringer and I have my hand on the
crank. What's it gonna be, you give up your budding career as an agent or you
become a member of my very exclusive club of willing women?"

	Chloe Starkers, a rising star in the FBI stared in shock at her boss.
How could he do that? How could he take pictures of her and agent Honey Connover
having sex in the privacy of their own apartment? It wasn't fair; they hadn't
broken any laws, or had they? It turned out that they had. Even though it was
just a strap-on dildo, its location, deep in Honey Connover's ass made it a
felony no less; sodomy as it was defined in this state included the use of
foreign objects. She should have known that, she of all people.

	"I guess I don't have much of a choice do I? You'll just post those
pictures on the Internet and my career will be over and possibly I might even do
time in prison. That can't happen to me, I've worked too hard to get this far."

	Special agent Bareback gave her an evil grin and replied.

	" Don't forget what would probably happen to you in the joint when word
got out you were a disgraced, former FBI agent. Those dykes would be lined up by
the scores to get a crack at your sweet ass. With some luck you might become
someone's bitch, but even that wouldn't be enough protection if somebody on the
inside decided to do you permanently."

	The slim, shapely brunette hung her head and in a small wavering voice
agreed to his terms. He laughed at her dismay and pointed toward her stomach.

	"Hike that dress up and show me what's underneath it. I was always
curious about what kind of underwear a tight assed cunt like you would wear, now
I can find out."

	The blue eyed agent paused for a few seconds to digest what she was
about to commit herself to doing, then with a sigh she pulled her conservative
dress up to reveal her lace trimmed, low cut, bikini panties, the ones with the
transparent crotch. The ones that her roommate loved to take off with her teeth
after Chloe returned to their apartment. The bikinis that were always soaked
with pussy juice from the times at work she'd masturbated, thinking of all the
nice and nasty things that she and her buxom roommate would be doing once they
were alone and naked.

	"From the shots we got, it looks like you keep that pussy shaved. I want
you smooth as a baby's ass at all times. To make sure that happens, starting
tomorrow morning you will show up here promptly at 0730 so that my secretary. Ms
Rankine, can shave you. Other arrangements will be made for the weekend."

	"As of tomorrow I want you to be dressed a little more provocatively,
nothing too abrupt. If you go from miss goody two-shoes to the office tramp in
one day, people will begin wondering. I want your transformation to be gradual.
How about you start wearing a little more makeup and try a slighly darker shade
of lipstick. That and a dress with a hem perhaps two inches shorter should do
the trick until I can get you a wardrobe more in keeping with your new status."

	"As far as your frequent trips to the ladies room to indulge in
masturbation, yes I know about that as well, that will stop immediately. There
are monitors everywhere in the facility to catch deviant behavior such as you
have been displaying. To assure that you will focus entirely on your duties as
an agent, you will be wearing a chastity belt while you are on duty. Ms Rankine
will lock you into it after she shaves you every morning."

	"You will be limited to two trips a day to the ladies room. Of course I
expect you to remain properly hydrated at all times. To assure that, you will
drink at least eight cups of strong black coffee from the mug that Ms Rankine
will issue to you. As of tomorrow you will be joining our little coffee club.
That way I can be sure that you meet your liquids quota and that it is
distributed properly."

	"Starting tomorrow you will be working a slightly longer shift. Your
departure from the office will now take place no earlier than 1730 hours, and
may be extended beyond that if I or some other member of my special team require
your particular services. Either Ms Rankine or I will remove your chastity belt
before you leave the building."

	"Once you return to your apartment I expect you and Miss Connover to
continue your little get togethers as if nothing had happened. She will be
approached by another team some time later in the month. Until then you will act
naturally. In the event that you tell her or anyone else about our little
arrangement, it will go very hard on you, very hard."

	"There is one minor change I want you to make in your personal
activities, leave the lights on while you and your roommate are enjoying each
other. Although our low light level cameras do produce fairly decent
representations of your activities, we would like more professional grade tapes.
They will remain the property of the organization, except if you try to make
trouble for me. Then copies will be distributed to a special group of people
including your parents, friends, former teachers, etc, before being distributed
to those who enjoy that kind of entertainment in this country as well as
overseas. Your stuff would make them go wild in Japan for example."

	As luck would have it, that night Honey was in one of her submissive
moods and begged Chloe to dominate her while she was bound securely to the bed.

	"You can do anything you want to me, just as long as you make me come
hard and often. I need some serious pain, but naturally I have to go to work
tomorrow and I can't show any signs of the loving things you probably will do to
me. I hope you have that nice long baton here, that will feel so good going deep
into my dripping cunt while I scream into those soiled panties you'll have
gagged me with."

	Chloe went into a funk as she realized that everything they would do
this evening would be seen within a day or two by perhaps dozens of people, most
of whom knew her. She had no choice, either do as her roommate wanted or risk
creating some suspicion in Honey's mind about her sudden change in attitude
toward what they had been doing regularly for the last four months. There was no
way out of this trap, she must follow through and provide her friend with all
those things she so strongly desired.

	Honey thought that leaving the lights on while she was ravaged by her
roommate was a neat idea, and one that they should continue in the future. Chloe
gave her a weak smile and cursed the fates. Now those perverts would have no
trouble identifying that it was she and her lovely blonde roommate doing those
nasty and sometimes illegal activities. Honey's groan brought her back to their
current situation.

	She had accidently made the cuffs too tight around Honey's wrists and
this mistake had made her even more unsettled. She could not get the mental
picture out of her mind of those men at the office gathered around making lewd
comments as she and Honey played their games.

	"Put something real big in my cunt tonight; I need to be stretched until
I bleed, do me good, no mercy." Honey's plea only added fuel to the fire. Chloe
decided that she and her friend would give those pervs the show of their life.

	Honey's mouth was soon stuffed with not one but two pairs of Chloe's
soiled panties. Her cheeks bulged and it was obvious that she was in some
discomfort. Chloe twisted the girl's nipples until she arched her back in pain.
God, how she envied her roommate's big tits! Not only were they big, they were
perfectly shaped, twin melons exactly the same size, that were a challenge to
the best bras made on the planet. In contrast, her 33As were two bee stings on
her bony chest. Like most of the mountain girls from her hollow she was tall and
willowy. Her butt was nearly flat; she remembered the girls in the academy
telling her she looked Asian from the back, not the best compliment she ever
heard.


	" That's just for being such a greedy and needy lez. By the time I'm
done with you sometime in the wee hours of the morning, you'll have soaked the
sheets with enough pussy juice to lube the entire US women's volleyball, soccer
and softball teams, with enough left over to take care of the ladies in the
Senate and the Supreme Court too." She grinned evilly as Honey's eyes got big as
saucers and a small rivulet of cunt cream began issuing from between her blood
fattened labia.

	The more she thought about things, the more determined she became about
giving her masters a good show for their money. She took a good long look at
Honey Connover's naked body and planned her agenda for the rest of the night,
with some padding built into her schedule in case Honey needed a few hours in
the morning to finish up setting a new record for female ejaculations. It was
incredible that this fabulous blonde also could ejaculate showers of liquid lust
from glands that never seemed to be completely depleted of the magic stuff that
fascinated men and women alike.

	Chloe took a deep breath and got naked. She knelt between the blonde's
spread thighs and gently licked the length of her slit, gradually increasing the
pressure she applied to her prey's juicy trench, already filled to overflowing
just from anticipation. Chloe was determined to give Honey all she wanted and
then some. On her second pass she made a pitstop at the girl's hooded clit and
gave the little man in the boat a gentle nibble. She was gone before Honey could
thrust her hips sufficiently to drive her nubbin into Chloe's mouth.

	Chloe laughed to herself; her roommate was not going to get her rewards
that easily. On the next pass she stopped midway and blew warm air onto the
rigid bump that was peeking from its fleshy home. Honey moaned and wiggled her
hips in frustration. Then Chloe attacked that love button with a furious assault
that brought her captive to the brink of her first orgasm. Chloe pulled back and
laughed aloud as the blonde pumped her pelvis into the air, striving to find
some source of friction that would allow that first mighty explosion to ripple
through her body.

	She decided that Honey's cunt needed something big in it right now, and
then later she would put something even bigger into that yawning cavern. As she
pulled the straps tight around her hips, Chloe deliberately made the huge piece
of black, hard, ridged rubber bounce obscenely from her crotch. She was
beginning to get turned on to the idea that she was performing for an audience
of horny men. She was determined to give them a great show, and at the same time
educate them to what it took to get a woman excited enough to really get off.
She knew just what her fuck buddy roommate needed in that department. Those guys
would learn more much later when it became time for the big waves to start
breaking over Honey Connover's sweating, tingling, goose-fleshed body.

	Honey eagerly welcomed the intruder as it peeled back her cunt lips
until they were two narrow red lines of pulsating flesh. Chloe shifted her hips
and thrust, driving about three inches of the fat black tube of rubber into
Honey's soaking wet crotch. Now it was Honey's turn to shift her hips to
properly orient her cunt so that it could take whatever Chloe would dish out to
it. Chloe was in a mood to put the entire legth of this monster into the
blonde's hot, dripping twat. She drove another three inches into her roommate
and grinned as she saw the girl's eyes pop wide. An attack like this was rare
between them. Before Honey could accommodate what had just been driven into her,
another three inches wedged deep inside her twitching, tingling twat. Honey came
with a shudder as she squirted an arc of glistening liquid from her spasming
snatch. Part of this golden shower splattered against Chloe's belly, running
down to drench her smooth shaven mons.

	Chloe didn't give her friend any time at all to relax after her first
orgasm. She thrust forward and got another inch deeper. Honey was almost
comatose, still trying to recover from that first big one. She dismissed the
idea of pulling out and starting the penetration process all over again. "I
guess I'll show them how a real woman uses a strap-on." she thought, as she
shifted her hips once more and withdrew a few inches from that sodden swamp.

	The agent put some muscle behind her next thrust and got a grunt out of
her lover. More grunts followed, each one louder and more passionate. Honey was
breathing heavily now and her nipples were like twin steel tool bits. Chloe had
developed a nice smooth rhythm as her roommate's cunt wrapped itself around the
intruder and began working with it. "It won't be long now." she thought, as she
watched Honey's perfect tits rise and fall. Then the second one hit and almost
lifted both of them from the bed. Again spurts of sparkling liquid issued from
the narrow gap between Honey's twitching cunt and the black rubber dildo. It was
going to be a good night and a long one at that.

	Honey's body was now completely relaxed and easily rearranged to allow
Chloe to attack her pussy from a slightly different angle which would allow an
even deeper penetration to be achieved. The blonde groaned unhappily when Chloe
let the dildo pop free of her juicy snatch. Her tone of voice changed, muffled
as it was by the panties that were by now well chewed and soaked with her
saliva.

	Chloe took a deep breath and jammed almost six inches straight down the
dripping fuck channel she was mining. She moved back to gain some leverage and
pounded all but an inch into the girl's fuck box, driving the wind from her
lungs with the force of that entry. A few more long powerful strokes sent Honey
Connover over the cliff once more and she plummeted for what seemed like miles
before the giant orgasm crushed her flat.

	Chloe pulled the panties from her roommate's mouth, and replaced them
with her own cunt, locking it tightly against the blonde's lips. " Do me good
you little lez or you'll get nothing else for the rest of the night." Chloe's
threat had the desired effect and she groaned with pleasure as Honey's talented
tongue began to seek out all her sweet spots. She was surprised when the  first
orgasm blossomed; it had come nearly without warning and had left her breathless
and a bit shaky from its unexpected power. She came down slowly, grinding her
wet cunt against Honey's face, her way of saying thank you for a marvelous trip.
They kissed and it was wonderful. Chloe's small breasts felt heavy and her
nipples throbbed.

	Honey grumbled when the soaked panties were once more jammed into her
mouth, but she knew that this act meant she was going to get a lot more of what
she so desperately needed. It was a good trade-off. Chloe grinned down at her
and then revealed the pocket rocket vibrator to her helpless friend. Honey's
eyes glistened and she began humping her cunt into the air, a sign that she
wanted the fun to begin. She was not disappointed.

	This little wonder tool produced a sensation that could only be
described as overwhelming. In the wrong hands this was a dangerous weapon. There
were aphocryphal tales about women who lost all sensation in their clits for
weeks after taking too much of its buzzing fury. In Chloe's skilled hands it was
a magic wand capable of reducing the most stoic of women into a puddle of pussy
juice within a matter of minutes.

	For the better part of an hour Chloe tormented, teased and tortured
Honey into orgasm after orgasm after orgasm until she was almost exhausted from
all the energy she had expended squeezing off one shooting star after another,
urged on by the skillful application of the toy to all her hot spots. The
vibrator had visited her big breasts many times, moving over those melons and
dancing around her rock hard nipples before making a short side trip to her
extremely sensitive under arms. To make it more intense, Chloe would suck on
those pebbled pits bringing Honey to a boil and then follow up with the buzzer
that drove her into a frenzy and sent waves of girl juice shooting off into
space.

	The little sex engine that could, would move slowly down her curves and
hollows to finally reach the center of her universe, that gaping, dripping,
pouting cauldron of overheatd pussy cream that never seemed to deplete itself.
Then the true torture and torment would begin.

	By now Chloe had competely forgotten about her audience and was totally
focused on bringing the hot blonde to the really big events of the evening, the
toe curlers as they described them. These were orgasms that exploded from the
depths of her cunt, moving like a huge freight train to every corner of her
heaving, sweating body and frying her brain since it was unable to process the
incredible sensations coursing through her at that moment.

	Chloe began at the juncture of Honey's bronzed thigh and her mons,
slowly moving in lazy circles that never included her hot button, then down to
the other side of the straining blonde's body. With each delicate pass the arcs
of pebbled flesh grew shorter, but now Chloe was  deliberately taking a detour
that avoided any contact with that area housing Honey's clit. Over and over the
blonde thrashed and strained, trying to move herself into the path of that busy,
buzzing bee, offering it her nectar, but being rejected again and again.

	Now the vibrator was moving down, parallel to her bloated cunt lips, so
near and yet still not close enough to trigger that Richter 9.5 earthquake that
lurked in her deepest recess. Chloe's tongue gently teased the lips of Honey's
oozing twat, sampling the creamy cunt sludge and smacking her lips with pleasure
at its taste while she inhaled deeply to capture its subtle aroma somewhat
masked by the harsher overtones that her secretions also produced.

	Abruptly Chloe broke the mood and jammed the vibrator against Honey's
blood red clit and sent her off into oblivion. The sudden sensory overload froze
the blonde and then the top of her head seemed to unzip, releasing a volcanic
eruption that rivaled Krakatoa in force. It was some time before she returned to
earth and once more faced that little giant that had the capability of utterly
devastating her.

	Chloe was merciless, driving her roommate to distraction with her
teasing use of the toy. It would move up and down her trench, so soaked with
pussy juice that it merely overflowed rather than being expelled from the girl's
body. Sometimes she would skim the surface of Honey's sex, moving quickly to
give her a brief hint of what she could expect at some later time. At times she
would let the tool sit still in one place, on the outside labia perhaps or just
above her throbbing clit, or down between that boundary separating her cunt from
her asshole. The sheets beneath Honey's sprawling thighs was so soaked that
there was actually a puddle forming there. This was a rare occurrence, happening
only a couple of times in the four months that the two had been teasing each
other to near death.

	She let Honey have some rest, realizing that what lay ahead would tax
the blonde's body and mind to their limit. Free of the gag, Honey heaved a big
sigh and then began to cry, softly at first, then gaining in intensity as her
breathing became ragged and her sweat soaked body began to shiver. Chloe leaned
over and kissed her roommate, snaking her tongue into the girl's mouth and
trying to calm her down by gently stroking her breasts and rubbing her stomach
in slow circles as the sobbing began to subside. She kissed the tears way from
Honey's eyes and licked her neck, bringing the temporary fit of emotions to an
end. "Are you ready to go to heaven? Do you want me to take you there now?"
Chloe asked softly. Honey nodded and smiled. "I want the big one now, I'm
ready." she replied.

	Honey watched like a sacrifical virgin as Chloe lubed her hand with
great care, making sure that every square inch up to the wrist was coated with
the fragrant oil she was using. She held her hand up to Honey's eyes and flexed
it into a fist with a smile. Honey nodded eagerly, knowing that soon she would
be experiencing the big one. Chloe bent forward and licked the length of Honey's
cunt, circling the clit and giving it a sharp bite that made the blonde wince.

	For a few moments Chloe recalled the fun she had the night she put the
little jar over that hot button and pumped it until that nubbin stood at
attention, its crimson length grown by over an inch. When she had clamped her
teeth around its base and worried it like a cat with a mouse, Honey had roared
off into outer space and when she got off, she literally threw Chloe from her
spasming body.

	This would be the second time that she had fisted Honey, the first
attempt was not completely successful, although the blonde had a nice solid, but
unspectacular orgasm long before Chloe's hand was completely within her cunt.
She was determined that this one would be perfect or they'd both die trying to
make it that way. Honey's eyes got wider and wider as she felt one finger after
another entering her juicy slit. It took some time for Chloe to get her roommate
loose enough for her to fold her thumb over and wiggle it inside, using a side
to side motion that put considerable pressure on the girl's well stretched cunt.

	Making a fist proved to be a daunting task; Honey for all her bravado
had never experienced someone's hand totally inside her fuck channel. She was
shifting her body first one way and then another to try to relieve the enormous
pressure on her cunt walls. Chloe hung on grimly, determined to close her hand
and then begin the long arduous journey towards the girl's cervix. Finally their
combined efforts were successful, there now was a fist embedded inside Honey's
cunt. She had never felt anything so large and it excited her tremendously,
creating an increase in the amount of pussy juice that dripped from the walls of
her cunt.

	It was very slow going as Chloe had to use all her strength to inch her
fist forward. Honey had arched herself so that her roommate's fist could enter
at a sharper angle. After a few minutes Chloe had to rest, her arm felt as if it
were being squeezed by one of those anacondas that prowled the waterways of
South America. It was an eerie feeling to be inside of a vagina and feel all the
little bumps and other irregularities that marked every inch of its length.
Chloe hunched herself over and tried to apply more force in hopes that this
would cause the channel to loosen up or yield totally to the pressure she was
generating.

	Honey began to shudder, her muscles rippling beneath the skin. This was
an early warning signal for Chloe who certainly didn't want to have her fist
stuck up Honey's cunt when she went off like a rocket. Chloe could just imagine
herself being tossed around by the force of her roommate's orgasm, the big one
as they would say. This concern stimulated the brunette to greater efforts and
she discovered that by pulling back slightly, then pushing forward, she could
make good progress.

	In the next few minutes Chloe's fist marched down the length of Honey's
vagina. Inch by contested inch Chloe's arm disappeared into that soaking maw
that had become Honey's cunt. Simultaneously as she hit the blonde's cervix,
Honey went through the roof with the mother of all orgasms, the ultimate big O
for her. Chloe hung on for dear life as the girl's cunt clamped down, capturing
her as sure as if she were in a steel bear trap.

	Honey grunted, thrashed, spasmed, shook, quivered and squirted. It was
unreal the distance she blasted her liquid lust, a number of feet beyong the
confines of their bed. Chloe was drenched with the stuff that seemed as if it
would never stop blasting out from the thin boundary marking her arm and Honey's
cunt.

	To make matters worse the blonde began to choke on the panties still
stuffed in her mouth. Chloe was horrified, imagining the news story describing
how she had killed her friend in the throes of a lesbian sexual encounter. This
caused her to make a heroic effort to free her arm from Honey's death grip.
Somehow she pulled free and managed to yank the panties from Honey's mouth,
allowing her to breathe once more. In another minute the girl was out cold from
the awesome effects of that momumental explosion of lust. It had been an evening
for the record books.



				    (To be continued) 




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded



					Chapter 2



	Promptly at 0730 Chloe knocked on Ms Adele Rankine's door and was
admitted. The woman was tall, very tall, nearly six feet and rail thin. She
looked to be in her early forties, well preserved, with high cheekbones and thin
lips that made her look cold and aloof. Her dark black hair was pulled up into a
bun adding to her severe appearance. Her attire was tasteful and a bit on the
conservative side, a dark skirt and jacket over a white blouse with what
appeared to be panty hose and perhaps two inch heels completing the picture.

	"Strip off all your clothing, lie on the towel and spread your legs."
was all she said. Chloe quickly complied and shivered although the room was at a
comfortable temperature. The tall brunette applied a gel-like substance to the
agent's pubes and with an expertise that astonished her, removed every trace of
her pubic hair, not that there was much to do. The moment she was finished Ms
Rankine's bony hand began to massage the young agent's mons, her finger quickly
finding her vulva and pushing into Chloe's vagina. She kept it in place for less
than ten seconds and then ordered Chloe to suck it clean. The girl was too
shocked to resist, opening her mouth and allowing the woman to push her now
moist finger against her tongue. Chloe had tasted herself on many occasions, but
this time she felt shame rather than pleasure.

	The chastity belt was all metal and leather. Adele quickly pushed and
pulled Chloe's genitals into the metal cage that prevented access to her private
parts from prying fingers. The agent quickly realized that her days of
masturbating in the ladies' room were gone as long as she had to wear this
contraption. Chloe's eyes grew wide when a panty girdle was produced for her to
wear over the belt. She had no experience with this undergarment and it took
some help from the woman to get herself into it. Between the chastity belt and
the girdle, Chloe felt as if her genital area was being crushed and suffocated.
The faint smile that broke the icy surface of Ms Rankine's face confirmed that
what Chloe was feeling was deliberately intended.

	The tall, spare woman almost beamed when she handed the young agent a
mug that appeared to be capable of holding a pint of liquid. When Ms Rankine
informed her that she was expected to drink eight cups a day in order to remain
peoperly hydrated and alert, Chloe blanched. She was going to be consuming
almost a gallon of strong black coffee every day she was in the office. Two
trips to relieve herself would not be enough, what would she do?

	As if the secretary was reading her mind, Chloe heard her say, "This
will instill some discipline in you; you will be surprised at what you can do
when you realize the alternative to failing. Since this is all new to you, for
the first week if you require more than two pit stops, they will be made in the
alcove located in special agent Bareback's office. Entry to his office will be
controlled by me since I am his factotum, so to speak."

	"If he is occupying his office you will do exactly what he tells you to
do, nothing more, nothing less. Naturally your activity will be recorded and
added to your files. Of greater significance, you will be required to pay a
penalty for this deviation from expected behavior. It will become apparent
rather quickly that it is not a good trade-off to incur this penalty very often,
if ever. Now put your dress on and get to work. Of course I want to see you down
your first cup of my rather hardy brew before you leave the area. I will expect
to see you every hour, except at lunch time. Have a nice day and welcome to your
new family."

	It was a stunned Chloe Starkers who sleep-walked her way to the urn
hissing on the little table across from Ms Rankine's desk. The coffee was harsh,
bitter would not adequately describe its taste, and it burned her lips and
throat as she dutifully swallowed her first cup of this witch's brew. It left a
foul taste in her mouth once the burning sensation subsided. Chloe walked slowy
back to her cubicle and wondered how she could possibly survive her first day in
this new and terrible situation.

	Less than an hour later Chloe knew she was going to be spending some
time in the alcove of Bareback's office, probably being watched with a knowing
smirk by Ms Rankine as she emptied her bulging bladder through the chafing metal
grillwork of her chastity belt. This device was already beginning to irritate
the tender skin of her freshly shaved mons. She also realized that the strong
coffee had another negative effect on her abilities; her typing skills had
degraded to the point that she was spending more time correcting her mistakes
than typing the report that was due by end of day. She was so shaky that she
nearly dropped the phone when it rang. It was Adele reminding her that in a few
minutes she expected to see her at the urn refreshing her cup with the next dose
of this terrible liquid.

	Every step she took towards the office caused the belt to chafe her
private parts. Each step made the panty girdle rub the insides of her thighs
producing a sort of erotic feeling that was not what she needed at this point in
time. Worse still her bladder was full and beginning to send signals that it had
to be emptied soon. Ms Rankine was nowhere to be found and Chloe was sorely
tempted to turn around and go back to her office without taking on any more of
that insidious fluid. She sighed inwardly, realizing that she was probably being
monitored even as she headed for her destination. It would be insane to make
them angry at her on top of this. Then she corrected that thought since she
wasn't sure there was a "they", excluding Bareback and his factotum.

	The agent waddled back to her desk, her mug once more filled. She
carefully sat down and tried to regain her composure. It was a lost cause as
soon as she took the first swallow of the coffee. It tasted as if it had been
salted. She grimmaced and tried gulping part of it down without tasting the vile
stuff. That proved to be a mistake as her stomach revolted and back up the hot
salty fluid came, to spill out onto her desk, covering the notes she was using
to write her report. Chloe became hysterical and spilled the rest of the coffee
onto the floor.

	The noise drew a number of her neighbors who looked in and either gawked
or tried to help her clean up the mess. Some of the brew spotted her dress and
Chloe's first reaction was to think about going to the ladies room to clean it
off. Then she realized that she wore nothing under it except that terrible
chastity belt and the confining panty girdle. She dare not let anyone see her in
that costume or it would be curtains for her career for sure. Throwing caution
to the winds the young agent headed for the ladies room.

	Somehow she got inside and into a stall without being seen. Then she had
anothe nasty surprise. It was very difficult to prevent her urine from
splattering over her mons, and even up onto her belly because of the narrow
spacings in the grill work that guarded her slit from being entered. She wiggled
and tried various positions to recify this situation, but none seemed to work.
She was soaked in her own urine, some of which had been added to the coffee
staining her dress. Chloe frantically wiped her body with tissue in an attempt
to blot up all the urine and  hopefully eliminate the odor that would certainly
add to her humiliation.

	Upon returning to her cubicle, Chloe saw the red message light blinking.
She picked up and heard the clipped voice of Ms Rankine on the other end telling
her to report to Bareback's office on the double. She approached the room like a
naughty child about to enter the principal's office. Adele ushered her into the
large, well appointed office and told her to remove her dress. Then the woman
unlocked Chloe's chastity belt after the girl had wriggled out from the grip of
that tight, confining panty girdle. She ordered the young agent to lie down on
the towel that was draped across a long, low filing cabinet.

	Chloe's head dangled over one end, her hands bound to the sides of the
cabinet. The secretary had pushed a button and at the other end a set of posts
became available. She tied Chloe's ankles to them so that her cunt was available
for whatever she intended to do to it. When her mouth was stuffed with her own
panties, she realized that she was in for something painful, very painful. She
was not disappointed.

	The first blow split her cunt lips apart and made the agent scream into
her gag from the terrible pain. A second and third blow fell on top of the first
and now she was in agony. The woman was using a length of rubber hose to inflict
this terrible pain. Two more fell on Chloe's rapidly swelling cunt. Ms Rankine
stepped back to catch her breath before tearing into the girl once more. This
time she attacked the insides of her tender thighs, pummeling them with quick
hard blows that landed with such rapidity that Chloe could not keep count of the
number that her sore and aching thighs took. Once finished, Ms Rankine told
Chloe in no uncertain terms that she deserved every bit of pain she got.

	"There are two reasons that I had to do this to you, you did not ask my
permission to go to the ladies room and it appears you were attempting to avoid
drinking your second cup of coffee. I have already made agent Bareback aware of
your severe breaches of group discipline and he authorized the punishment you
just received. There will be others forthcoming once agent Bareback returns
tomorrow. It would be wise not to have a repetition of the fiasco that just
occurred in your cubicle."

	Since the maintenance people needed a few extra minutes to complete
their work in her cubicle, Chloe was force fed not one, but two cups of the
heavily salted coffee. Her stomach was now rounded from nearly a quart of the
foul liquid. Chloe was in a panic, how would she manage to survive the next few
hours before Adele would allow her to relieve herself? Her situation became even
more precarious when her body, once more captured within the confines of the
chastity belt, was forced back into the panty girdle. It felt as if she was
being squeezed by a giant hand as the garment fought to subdue the bulge caused
by the latest ingestion of coffee. It was a sore and frightened young lady who
made the slow journey back to her little office and the pile of work, especially
that report, which still awaited her.

	On her next visit Adele took pity on her, or so Chloe thought. She was
allowed to enter Bareback's office and relieve herself in a large plastic bucket
that had mysteriously appeared since her earlier visit. Ms Rankine monitored her
humiliating activity, warning her that if even so much as one drop of urine got
onto the carpet, Chloe would spend the night sucking every square inch of this
deep pile floor covering free of dust, dirt, any foreign matter as well as her
offending discharge. Chloe was not even allowed to wipe her pubes with tissue
after she had flooded the bucket. Instead she was told to use her stained dress
in lieu of tissue paper.

	The humiliated agent was beginning to attract attention because of her
frequent trips into Bareback's area and her odd behavior earlier when she had
nearly ruined her work station. Now she was surrounded by a disagreeable odor
emanating from her clothing and imprisoned body. A few minutes before noon, and
a break from the mind numbing discomforts that she was experiencing, she
received a summons to appear promptly at 1200 hours for further disciplining.
Chloe had to struggle to control the spasm of fear that clutched her stomach and
made her hunch over to prevent her overtaxed bladder from giving up its
contents. 

	It was with great trepidation that agent Starkers approached Ms
Rankine's office. She was admitted and then the tall brunnette locked the door
behind her. "It's time you and I became better acquainted." she said as she
approached Chloe. "Take off your dress and let's get you out of that nasty
girdle and chastity belt so I can get a taste of you in the natural state, so to
speak." Chloe stood there, her mouth open in shock, as Adele took off her jacket
and slipped off the matching skirt. She smiled at the young agent and added,
"Don't be shy I won't bite you, unless you want me too." Chloe's fingers began
fumbling for the zippers that would release her from the stained and rather ripe
smelling garment.

	Moments later Chloe, now stark naked was having her hands cuffed behind
her back by her captor, who now wore only a sheer bra that cupped rather than
confined her pancake shaped breasts, and a pair of thong bikinis with a sheer
crotch. Like Chloe's freshly shaved vulva, Adele's was smooth, almost waxy in
appearance. She quickly slid the thong off and presented her cunt to the
kneeling agent. "I hear from Bram, that you are quite adept at the lingual arts.
I want you to demonstrate your skill to me before I enjoy a taste of what you
have to offer."

	Chloe offered no resistance when Ms Rankine took her head and pressed it
to her cunt. The girl automatically insinuated her tongue into this surprisingly
moist tunnel and sampled its juice, finding it to be almost sweet with strong
overtones of the usual saltiness associated with a woman's secretions. The tall
brunette made a humming sound and began to rotate her hips, presenting more and
more of her dripping cunt for Chloe's attention. The agent did a little trick
with her tongue to guage how sophisticated her captor was at such matters. She
was rewarded with a sharp gasp and a tightening of the woman's grip on her hair.
" Oh yesssss...you do that so very, very well. I do believe you and I are going
to be very good friends in the future, that is if you survive your initiation
period."

	Now it was time for Chloe to offer herself up to Adele; she was
uncomfortable with the fact that now the dark haired woman was kneeling before
her, her hands cupping the agent's buttocks as her tongue moved like a snake in
and out of Chloe's cunt which was beginning to give up its secrets to the
knowing invader. Despite her full bladder and irritated genitals the girl
managed to squeeze off a small orgasm, a sort of down payment on the future with
this dominating woman. It was accompanied by the release of a soupcon of fresh
urine that Adele swallowed greedily. She looked up at Chloe and softly said, " I
want the rest, don't hold it back, fill me to the gunnels." The young agent was
soon flooding the mouth of her former tormentor, her mind overloading from all
the signals she was getting. This dark haired seductress was a paradox wrapped
in an enigma; there was no possible way that Chloe could anticipate her next
move.

	It was an exhausted and very confused Chloe Starkers who made her way
back to her cubicle, her chastity belt digging deep into her flesh as the result
of the extra tight snugging it had received from Adele. She was still stark
naked as she made sure that Chloe's dripping cunt was secured behind its metal
grillwork, available to no one but the woman with the key to the kingdom. Her
sweat soaked panty girdle was now acting to marinate her sex juices as they
continued to ooze from between her engorged labia. Chloe laughed to herself that
she was sending a strong signal to every lesbian in the building that she was
ripe and oh so ready for their hot, wet tongues and knowing fingers.

	Chloe managed to survive the afternoon, but her report remained
unfinished due to the coffee induced nervousness that impeded her ability to
think and even type properly. It did not help matters when she had to beg Adele
to be allowed to use the alcove in Bram Bareback's office once more. Naturally
she had to pay a penalty, standing up after she had added another half pint or
so to the contents of that evil smelling plastic bucket, and letting Ms Rankine
suck her pussy until it was free of any signs of urine and had been vacuumed
clean of any spurious cunt cream that might have developed since their luncheon
tryst. Getting in and out of the panty girdle and chastity belt also took away
valuable time needed to finish that damned report.

	The frazzled agent was left to finish her report after she had made one
last visit to Ms Rankine's office to have the chastity belt and panty girdle
removed for the day. She received another nasty surprise when she was informed
that this evening at home, she was to polish the metal and leather belt with her
tongue until it glistened and then suck the panty girdle clean of any traces of
her secretions. Both would be closely inspected by Ms Rankine before she
strapped Chloe's genitals into these instruments of torture for another day. To
guarantee that her instructions were carried out to the letter, Chloe was to
perform her duties in the bedroom where the cameras could witness her efforts.
It was after nine in the evening before the report was completed.



					(To be continued)




				     Chloe - Dominated and Degraded

					          

					    Chapter 3


	The next morning a shame-faced Chloe Starkers entered Ms Rankine's
office carrying a bag containing the chastity belt and panty girdle. She had to
pass them through the x-ray machine upon entering the building and Chloe got a
knowing smile from the female operator as she retrieved her bag. Adele examined
both items carefully and pronounced them acceptable. The woman then took a long
look at what the young agent was wearing, a fairly conservative outfit, jacket
and skirt over a blouse, thigh high nylons and flats. She frowned and shook her
head. "Special agent Bareback will not be happy when he sees you in this kind of
dress. You are in enough trouble already thanks to your behavior yesterday. I
fear things will go hard when he gets around to seeing you." There was a
malicious smile on her face as the words stung Chloe as if they were angry bees.

	Later that morning after her first approved trip to the ladies' room,
Bareback's secretary announced that he wanted to see her in his office promptly
at 1130, and to expect their meeting to run through lunch. Adele smiled at the
look of fear that crossed the girl's face. By the appointed hour Chloe's bladder
was bulging and she feared the worse, an accident in his office.

	Bram Bareback looked up with a leer on his face as agent Starkers walked
into his office. "Saw your tape last night, it was terrific! You have a great
future in girl-girl porn movies if you ever lose your job here." Chloe's face
got red and she avoided his eyes.

	"Ms Rankine tells me you've been a bad little agent; breaking the rules
and causing her lots of trouble. Well little girl I am here to not only tell you
that this shit stops now, I'm going to show you, with Ms Rankine's able
assistance, what I am capable of doing to you right here in my office when you
get me pissed off. Just remember this as I tear you a new asshole, it will be
ten times worse when I get your scrawny ass over to my place where I can really
make you scream. By the way my place is sound-proof and has all sorts of neat
gadgets guaranteed to make your candy ass shit pineapples if I want it too."

	Chloe trembled and closed her eyes, afraid to look into the face of this
very angry man who held her future in his powerful hands. She fought back the
overwhelming urge to wet herself, so great was her fear. Her mind began to
wander as it sought to protect her from the terrible feeling of hopelessness
that was welling up within her.

	She remembered her life growing up in the hollow; a miserable existence
that became worse when she came into "season", as they said down there. She
relived the first time that those boys had marched her out into the woods and
made her take off her clothes. She had just turned thirteen and still looked
like a slim boy. They forced her to stand with her hands held straight up and
her legs spread so far apart that she felt she would topple if anyone so much as
breathed on her.

	They walked around her making all sorts of horrible comments about her
lack of "titties", the fact she hardly had any "cunt hair", her "scrawny ass"
and that open wound between her legs that they called by many names such as
twat, poontang, slit, slot, cunt, pussy, fuck hole, trench, and all the many
variations on those common themes. Then they began to paw her naked body,
fingers and hands poking, pinching, rubbing and finally penetrating her holes as
she stood there and looked off at the horizon, willing herself to be somewhere
else.

	Although they raped her for hours she can remember very little about the
time she spent on her back as the seven of them did her over and over. She
vividly remembers the first sharp pain as her hymen was broken, then the sky
which was so blue and then gradually grew cloudy. She has a memory of one of
them slobbering all over her face as he rutted inside her. There was a very
sharp pain sometime when they tried to do her anus and failed.

	She remembers the blood on her legs and the one guy who crammed his
bandanna into her gaping hole to stem the blood that seemed to be pouring out of
her in torrents. He warned her to return it to him washed clean or he'd take her
out in the woods and do her again. When she dressed they looked away; they had
done what they wanted and now she was of no interest to them. It was strange to
slowly walk back to town in their company as if nothing had ever happened.

	Bareback's voice broke through her reverie, ordering her to strip down
so he could take some film of her in the panty girdle first and then wearing
that horrible contraption that made her life at work miserable. It got even
worse when she realized that he wanted her to humiliate herself further by
providing answers to his obscene questions.

	"Tell me agent Starkers, why the panty girdle? Isn't that a bit old
fashioned for the modern day FBI agent, or are you getting ready to do a porn
video on your lunch hour?"

	He mouthed the reply she should give him and she mumbled it while
looking away. Bareback stopped the camera and in a flat voice filled with menace
warned her that failure to comply with his wishes would mean additional pain and
suffering this very evening in his office. Chloe  dutifully gave the proper
answer to his question, only adding to her feeling of being totally degraded.
She wondered what lay ahead when she revealed the chastity belt.

	"My goodness, agent Starkers, you must be one of the hottest pieces of
ass in the entire FBI if your boss has to make you wear a chastity belt at work!
Just how many guys are you fucking around with these days?"

	He fed her the answer and told her to smile when she said it and pat her
crotch. She nearly gagged at the reply she provided.

	"Well special agent Bareback sir, I'm doing six members of this office
regularly after work and another three in the morning before I start my job. I'm
also doing a couple of the more well hung janitors once I get done letting my
regulars fill up my cunt with plenty of their hot sperm-rich FBI cum.
Unfortunately my present boss doesn't think it's dignified for me to do guys in
my car at lunch time, so that's where the belt comes in."

	He switched off the camera and innocently asked if she wanted to relieve
herself before she began her punishment. Chloe's head nearly fell off her
shoulders from the rapid nodding she provided to his question. As in everything
else he did, there was a hook in this one as well.

	"I'm going to tape you taking a piss and I want you to be looking into
the camera and smiling the whole time. Let me warn you, if you so much as spill
one drop of that piss on my carpet I will make you suck every square inch of it
after work. I'll be following you around and using my belt to make sure you do a
thorough job. Then when you're done I'm going to grudge fuck that tight asshole
until it bleeds red, white and blue."

	Normally this would have been a meaningless threat, since Chloe was
blessed with a strong bladder and very good muscle control. She remembered her
triumph at one of the academy beer busts where she won the distance segment of
the girls' pissing contest. As she already knew, peeing through this grillwork
was another story altogether. She had no way to judge where her flow was with
respect to the particular hole she was peeing through. A slight deviation in
pressure or a shift in her position and she could be splattering herself, or
even worse, spraying her pee all over the area. The thought of that occurring
made her blood freeze. She also had the added distraction of having to mug for
the camera; perhaps even say some degrading or inane thing at Bareback's
prompting.

	Chloe squatted over the plastic bucket, shifting herself so that her
urethra pointed almost straight down into the target. She took a quick glance at
her boss who was peering through the viewfinder and gesturing for her to start
the flow. Chloe relaxed her muscles and was rewarded with the sound of a
powerful stream of her steaming yellow piss splashing squarely into the bucket.
Her smile at this point was quite genuine.

	Keeping herself in this extreme position with almost all her weight on
her toes and the balls of her feet proved to be most difficult.Twice she had to
reduce her flow so she could come down from this taxing position and take a
quick rest before rising up and letting it rip once more. Special agent Bareback
seemed to be enjoying himself immensely as she pissed and pissed, draining her
distended bladder.

	The sudden and unexpected entry of Ms Rankine nearly caused a disaster,
but what splattered from the chastity belt rebounded into her groin and belly
where it rolled down to her cunt and then dripped into the bucket. Chloe had
managed to avoid one of the many perils she knew she had to face before she
could seek refuge in the loving arms of her roommate, Honey Connover.

	"Don't just stand there, get naked! I haven't got all day for this."
Bareback barked to his secretary who quickly complied. For the next few minutes
he posed the two women in a variety of obscene positions, Chloe's face buried in
Adele's asshole, and vice-versa, each kneeling and tonguing the other's cunt,
Adele's fingers up Chloe's cunt, then her middle one rotating lewdly inside the
agent's asshole, and so on and so on. Then Bram Bareback ordered Chloe to kneel
down in front of the plastic bucket and begin to lap up the urine she had just
deposited. Adele took up a position behind her and began whipping the agent's
back and shoulders with a belt as she struggled to keep from throwing up from
the smell and taste of her own urine.

	Her boss filmed her degradation from every angle, all the while giving
Adele instructions on where and how hard to hit the agent. Chloe began to vomit
when the dark haired woman pushed her face to the bottom of the pail and held it
there as the girl fought to avoid breathing in her own piss. Finally he was
satisfied and Chloe was allowed to recover some small part of her composure.

	Once more Bareback rearranged the two women, this time Adele was seated
on the low filing cabinet, legs spread, while Chloe was bent over, her face held
to Adele's smooth mons, her tongue working to get as much juice as it could from
the now dripping cunt of the secretary. Bram took some more film, and then
unzipped his pants to release his long, hard and very thick cock.

	 "OK agent Starkers, prepare to meet your master. This is only a small
down payment on what you will be getting once I have you over to my fun house
and we get a chance to really get to know each other."

	He entered her cunt with one hard thrust, penetrating her with more than
half the length of his hard meat. She gasped into Adele's maw, producing an
interesting sensation that proved most enjoyable to the woman. Adele tightened
her grip on Chloe's hair as Bram pulled back until only the bulbous head of his
cock remained between Chloe's stretched cunt lips. This time he went in her to
the hilt and the agent screamed into Adele's cunt, which effectively muffled her
agonized response to the vicious rape she was undergoing.

	Bram Bareback gave her a brutal assault, each stroke delivered with a
cold fury. This was a punishment that he was meting out to her and she knew it.
Every thrust was a blow to her insides, causing her bare body to shake. Chloe
could not help noticing that Adele's cunt was producing much more of her juices
and that they were decidedly thicker, as if she was now producing cream instead
of milk.

	Her lean buttocks were beginning to hurt from the relentless battering
they took as his body used them as a backstop. Her cunt was beginning to become
numb from the ferocious pounding it was taking. This man was using his cock as
nothing but a club to hurt her as much as he could. She wondered how long he
could keep up this monstrous attack on her tender twat.

	It had been nearly two years since a man had been inside Chloe Starkers.
It was her last year of college and she fell into a dysfunctional relationship
founded more on sex than affection. She recalled the last time he had taken her.
She was bound, hands behind her back, secured with rough rope. She was on her
stomach and he was sodomizing her, something new that had begun only recently.
It was very painful and she suddenly realized that he was enjoying the pain she
was experiencing. There was little that she could do except wait until he
finished. Her mouth was gagged with her own panties preventing her from even
expressing her anger at what he was doing to her. By the time he was done she
was bleeding from the rectum. A month later she entered into a lesbian
relationship with a woman professor and never looked back.

	Her rapist finally reached his climax and Adele twisted Chloe around so
that he could shoot off into her face. Part of his ejaculation blinded her while
another portion got up her nose. "She looks like a god damned glazed donut,
doesn't she? Just don't sit there with that dumb smile on your face, chow down,
it's your appetizer for the evening!" exclaimed Bareback to his
secretary/factotum. Adele smiled and began licking the cum from the shocked
girl's face.

	Bram announced that Adele had just fifteen minutes to get Chloe cleaned
up and into her new underwear for the afternoon. The girl would be wearing two
adult diapers over her chastity belt and a pair of tight fitting rubber panties
over the diapers.

	 "You make sure agent Starkers drinks plenty of that home brew this
afternoon, at least five cups, more if she can hold it down. Under no
circumstances does she go to the ladies' room this afternoon. I want those
diapers sopping wet so that cunt of hers will be well marinated by the time I'm
ready to grudge fuck her again. Plan on staying late, it ought to be very
educational and enjoyable to watch miss goody two-shoes getting down with a
vengeance for my camera."

	Chloe looked as if she had gained a beer gut by the time she was stuffed
back into her skirt. She waddled back to her cubicle and sat there staring
vacantly at the screen saver images that oscillated lazily across the blank face
of her monitor. She was roused from her stupor by a call from Adele warning her
of the consequences of slacking off from her important work defending the nation
against those seeking to destroy our way of life. Chloe had to stiffle the
hysterical laughter that began welling up from her tortured soul.

	The afternoon passed slowly as Chloe typed and retyped the same damned
report she had submitted this morning. It had been returned, filled with red
lines and caustic comments from special agent Bareback. She drank one cup of
heavily salted coffee after another. They only made her more thirsty, which was
the intent, and the more she drank the more she peed.

	Once while she was in the middle of taking a long pee, wondering how
much piss these diapers could absorb, she received a call from Bareback
informing her that he was enjoying the show she was providing as she relieved
herself and how eager he was to once more tear up her cunt with his ramrod, as
he described his big cock. Chloe went into a funk that only ended when she was
summoned to see her boss in his office. It was nearly six and almost everyone
had gone from her work area. Chloe thanked the gods for small favors as she
sloshed her way towards the door to that awful chamber of degradation and
despair.

	The young agent gasped when she saw Adele, stark naked, rings piercing
her nipples and another pair decorating her cunt lips on either side. Sheets of
heavy plastic covered the alcove where the bucket stood. Bram Bareback stood by
his desk, naked with an impressive erection, filming the surprised look that
crossed her face.

	"OK bitch, get naked so the fun can begin. Adele, give the little lady a
hand with those rubber panties and make sure those diapers are properly stored
in the bucket for further use. When you're done and miss goody two-shoes is ripe
and ready, see what you can do about warming her up for my ramrod. I'll just
tape the action and you two better give me an academy award performance or I'll
take the skin off your asses."

	Chloe was in a daze, standing  there, her arms at her sides, staring off
into space as Adele slipped off the rubber panties, letting them fall in a
puddle at the girl's feet. She very carefully peeled the soaked diapers from her
groin and swiftly transferred the dripping packages of piss to the bucket. When
she peeled off the layer closest to Chloe's raw skin, she gave the girl's soaked
cunt a little lick through the grillwork before disposing of them as well.
Bareback let out a whistle when the chastity belt came free exposing the
wrinkled, swollen flesh surrounding her blood red labia. The long exposure to
the acidic piss that her pussy had been marinating in for many long hours had
done its job.

	"OK Adele, do your thing and don't miss any spots either.......That's
the way baby, eat that pussy up!...Agent Starkers, I presume you know that my
devoted secretary is not only bisexual in the extreme, but she's a piss slave as
well. If you piss she will cum, or is that come? I can never keep those two
straight."

	Bareback laughed and stroked his erection to keep it at maximum
hardness, and give himself a little tickle as well. Adele licked, lapped and
sucked on Chloe's raw cunt until it was squeaky clean and glistening from the
coating of saliva that her mouth had left behind. All the while Bareback filmed
the action and occasionally yanked at his thick cock.

	"Damn Adele, you have done yourself proud. I knew I had a winner the
first time I laid eyes on that long, lean body that seemed to wiggle even when
you were standing still. Hard to believe I've been nailing you for nearly five
years now. Let's you and me switch places. I want you to make sure you capture
every move that me and goody two-shoes make. I'm gonna fuck her bowlegged and
then I'm gonna shift gears and ream her out until that twat looks like a section
of underground sewer piping."

	Now Chloe was stetched out on the long low filing cabinet once more, her
head dangling from the end. Her hands were pulled down the sides and roped
tightly to the drawer handles. This time Adele stood with her legs apart,
holding the agent's head firmly against her wet cunt. She was aiming the camera
down the center of the young woman's naked body to take in the terrible
plundering it was about to experience. Bram had the girl's legs hanging over his
shoulders, her cunt almost spread to its limit. He grinned down at his victim
who was being kept busy by the tall woman and proceeded to ram his hard cock
home.

	Chloe screeched into Adele's cunt producing a muffled version of the
high pitched whine she had uttered. He gave her no time to prepare herself for
what followed, a series of hammer-like blows to her cunt that nearly lifted her
body completely off the cabinet. He continued to drive his stiff ramrod deep
into the girl's stretched and sore fuck tunnel, not yet able to provide any
lubricant that would have somewhat eased the pain from this pistoning cunt
wrecker. Adele moaned as Chloe's tongue fluttered within her cunt, an almost
mindless reaction to the incredible assault she was receiving.

	She had no idea how long he battered her twitching twat. After a time
she became numb and could only feel the pressure from his rapid thrusts that
shook her to the core. Adele stood her ground and never missed a beat as he
slaughtered his victim's cunt, rubbing the walls of her fuck tunnel raw. Chloe
seemed to go into a trance, her eyes wide and unfocused. This infuriated him and
he grabbed her pear shaped tits and used this purchase to gain more leverage,
thus increasing the power his massive meat monster delivered to her guts, slowly
but surely starting to ruin the young agent's cunt. When he came, he pushed deep
and held his ground, his cock spitting bursts of baby-making fluid that would
soon bathe her ovaries if there was a god in the heavens. Chloe shuddered and
her eyes rolled back in her head. She had literally been fucked senseless.

	Bareback pulled his still rigid cock from Chloe's fucked-out cunt and
rubbed it over her face, smearing a few drops of leftover cum into her flesh.
Adele smiled at him and gave the thumbs up sign.

	"Wake this pussy up and get her busy cleaning up that mess she made in
her pants this afternoon. I want her to suck those diapers clean and dry before
she drags her sorry ass out of here tonight. If I had more time I'd hang around
and grudge fuck her ass until it bled. I guess that'll have to wait until he
have our little getting to know you meeting this weekend."
	
	As he left for the evening, Chloe was kneeling by the pail, her hands
tied tightly behind her back while Adele pressed a sopping diaper to her face,
urging her to suck up every foul drop or she'd dunk her into that bucket of
slops and let her drown in her own piss.

	 "Have fun ladies, I'll be seeing both of you tomorrow morning in my
office at 0730 sharp to discuss the day's fun and games. I just know that miss
goody two-shoes will love what I've got in store for her. Oh, another thing, my
sperm is considered to be rather potent. I guess maybe agent Starkers and I
might just have made a baby. Think about that you miserable excuse for a woman,
and realize that no amount of douching is gonna do much once an hour or so goes
by, and I think you've got two or three hours left before my secretary lets you
go home. Pleasant dreams you stuck up prig. God I can't wait to get you over to
my place and fuck you up the way you deserve."

	Moments after he stormed out, Chloe began to sob and beg Adele for
mercy. "Please you can't let this happen to me. Untie me so I can get out of
here and find a drugstore; please you must, I'll do anything you want if you do.
I'll suck your cunt, I'll lick your asshole, I'll drink your piss, anything at
all."

	Adele's response was to jam the agent's head into the bucket of piss and
soiled diapers and hold her there until her struggles ceased. When she finally
yanked Chloe's head from the pail, the young woman's face was a ghostly white
and she was not breathing. Adele sighed and slammed her fist into the agent's
chest, once then again, and finally on the fourth try Chloe began to cough up
the piss she'd tried to breathe.

	"Unless you want to go under again you'll get back to sucking all the
piss from those diapers and then I want you to suck up every drop remaining in
that bucket. Then, and only then will I release you and let you leave the
facility, not a moment before. Now get busy you stupid bitch!"



					(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded



					Chapter 4


	On her way home Chloe stopped at a drug store and picked up some things
she would need once she got to her place. They included carbolic acid, vinegar,
aspirin, gelatin, milk of magnesia and a mouth wash containing fluoride. These
comprised the necessary ingredients for a recipe used by generations of women
who lived in her hollow to handle "accidents" having to do with unbridled sex.
To the young agent this mountain solution for an unwanted pregnancy was her last
hope.

	Two hours later agent Chloe Starkers was lying on her back in her
bathroom, legs propped up on the tub. All she wore was a flannel bathrobe that
was open in front, but did provide some degree of protection against the hard,
cold tile of the floor. She gritted her teeth and grunted as wave after burning
wave radiated from her vagina, now saturated with the concoction she had mixed
and then used as a douche.

 	This was the second time she had applied it, and if anything, the
stinging and burning was worse. She was actually pleased to experience this pain
as it meant the douche was doing something to her insides. Whether or not it had
reached all the blind swimmers that had been released into her this evening was
unknown. It would be almost two weeks before she could hope to see a positive
sign that she had avoided the shame of a pregnancy caused by rape.

	Having nothing better to do with her time, she reviewed the events that
made up this day of horror. It was quite evident that Bareback was bound and
determined to utterly humiliate and debase her. She realized that his rage was
probably caused by her demeanor. This was not the first time she had evoked such
a reaction. It was in her nature to be on the introverted side and making
friends with people, especially men, was difficult for her to do. To compound
the problem she did not have the faintest idea about how to behave toward a man
who was also her superior. Of course she had many positions before where a man
was in charge, but they were always of a temporary nature and did not require
much, if any social interaction. Such was not the case with her present
situation. She was now a full time member of the FBI, beginning a career that
might last decades, a hope she still maintained despite her present situation.

	While she had been in the bathroom the phone had rung twice. The machine
had picked up and she heard voices speaking, but wasn't able to identify them.
Thirty minutes later Chloe listened to Honey Connover say that she wouldn't be
home tonight, but not to worry, she was staying with a friend and would see
Chloe after she got back from work tomorrow. This message puzzled her, but she
was still too upset to think clearly. The second message made her tremble; it
was Adele Rankine, instructing her as to what she was to wear to work tomorrow,
and telling her that she would be staying late again. After listening to the
message the young agent had something to eat and then turned in for the night.
She did not get much sleep, waking up numerous times to an empty apartment, then
worrying about what had been planned for her at work.

	The next morning Chloe turned heads when she arrived at work wearing
tight slacks over high-heeled boots, plus a form-fitting tee shirt with a bolero
jacket that revealed to anyone who looked, that she was not wearing a bra. The
slacks were tight enough to reveal that beneath them she was wearing a pair of
thong bikinis. Her outfit could not have been created without the surveillance
cameras that seemed to be everywhere in her apartment. Last night Ms Rankine's
instructions had been frighteningly accurate down to the color of the garment
and its location within the apartment.

	A smiling Adele Rankine ushered a shaky Chloe Starkers into the office
and speedily set about removing the slight stubble that had formed on the
agent's mons. She then told her to remove her shirt so she could decorate her
nipples. Later, Chloe could do nothing but stare down at the two metal spiders
that kept her nipples erect. It got even worse when the secretary applied a
thick coating of rouge to those stiff nubbins as she said, "That should do
nicely, those nipples certainly are the best feature of your breasts. They look
good enough to eat; perhaps I'll have that pleasure later today." The young
agent was too stunned to react to her comment.

	Chloe had to remove her thong so Adele could rub a colorless lotion into
her pubic region, paying special attention to her labia and clitoral hood. The
chastity belt was fitted to her loins and then covered by the confining elastic
of the panty girdle. When Chloe wiggled into her tight slacks and saw what kind
of an appearance she presented, her face grew pale and tears began trickling
down her reddened cheeks. The outline of the panty girdle showed clearly; worse
yet it looked as if she had the plumpest pubic mound in the state of Virginia.
Adele stepped back with a big grin on her face and observed, " My dear you are
certainly going to be quite a distraction to the male population of this area.
I'm sure I'll be shooing them away from the office as if they were flies. Who
knows, you might get a few interesting propositions before the day is over."
Chloe was in shock as she was pushed out into the work area which was just
beginning to be peopled by half-awake members of the Bureau.

	The young agent hurried back to the security of her cubicle, turning
heads as she went. She sat down at her desk and turned on the computer, waiting
for the screen to provide any special instructions for the day. There was a
message from agent Bareback informing her that she would be expected to attend a
meeting in Building 24 beginning at 0930. Chloe blanched, realizing immediately
that to enter Building 24 required her to pass through a metal detector.  Her
chastity belt would set off the alarms and then she would have to submit to a
search of her person. They would discover what she was wearing! She would be
humiliated!

	Her first reaction was to speak to Adele, surely she knew the
consequences if agent Starkers had to go through the metal detector over in
Building 24. Her pleas fell on deaf ears at first; Adele gave her a malicious
smile and said she had her orders from their boss and there was nothing she
could do about them. Then she reminded Chloe that she hadn't downed her first
cup of coffee yet. The young woman hung her head and went back to her cubicle to
get her cup, hoping against hope that this was some kind of a joke being played
on her by them. Surely agent Bareback knew what would happen, that was it! He
was just teasing her. She was sure that just before she was scheduled to go to
the meeting she would be told it was canceled or some such thing. That was
surely it; this was some kind of cruel game they were playing with her.

	The next time she saw Adele it was a little after nine and still there
was no sign of her boss or any new instructions on her computer. Chloe's world
began to collapse around her when she was told that agent Bareback had been
suddenly called away to deal with an emergency that had arisen out of state. The
agent began to tremble and cry as it sank in that she would not be rescued from
the nightmare she was living. It was then that Ms Rankine made a strange offer.
If Chloe was to go with her after work, no questions asked, and do exactly what
she wanted her to do, then Adele might be able to help her out of this problem.
She agreed immediately.

	As Chloe approached the entrance to Building 24, she felt an itching
sensation in her pubic area, and also realized that she now was also dealing
with a very full bladder. Perhaps Adele's friend, Bronwyn, would let her use the
facilities once she passed through the checkpoint. She also wondered what Adele
had planned for her when they left work; it probably involved sex or something
even more kinky like water sports. It still was worth it to avoid the utter
humiliation she would have experienced otherwise.

	Chloe heaved a sigh of relief when she spotted the slim, dark-haired
woman operating the metal detector; it was Bronwyn for sure. Their eyes met for
a brief moment before Chloe stepped through the metal detector. It went off and
she cringed. What was to become of her now? Bronwyn told her to go back and wait
until the other people went through. Once this was accomplished, she shut off
the machine and beckoned Chloe to come into her area. "Follow me, there is a
shortcut you can use to get to the meeting on time." Bronwyn said. Chloe
followed her through a side door, noticing that another guard had arrived to
take over Bronwyn's station. She thought this to be very curious and then she
realized she was not going to make her meeting.

	The door behind her locked when it closed. The guard turned around at
that point and pointed her weapon at the agent. "You must be the new fish Adele
told me about.  Now get out of those clothes and let me verify what it was that
made my detector go off." Chloe was rattled and instead of stripping, she
started to babble about missing this important meeting. The guard laughed and
told her there was no meeting on her calendar except for this one. She ended the
discussion by saying, "If you're not naked in thirty seconds I'm calling in
reinforcements."

	Bronwyn grinned at Chloe's clumsy attempts to remove every stitch of
clothing, including the heavy panty girdle that resisted her fumbling efforts to
pull it down her thighs. "Haven't seen one like that in nearly ten years. Why
the hell is someone as skinny and flat as you wearing such a getup? Then she
barked out for Chloe to stand at attention, and the agent snapped to, responding
to her drill sergeant-like tone of voice. "OK, now take a deep breath and start
wiggling out of that girdle so I can get a good look at what you have on under
that hunk of rubber." Chloe did as she was ordered and finally had it off,
revealing the chastity belt beneath it.

	Bronwyn let out a low whistle when she saw the device that held Chloe's
cunt in its steely grip. " Damn I got to get one of those for my little honey.
That bitch is always cheating on me every time I turn my back. You must be one
miserable excuse for a cunt to wind up having to wear something like that to
work. What are you, some kind of nympho? Hell, no wonder the country is in
trouble if the FBI is hiring deviates like you these days." Chloe's face was now
scarlet and she stared down at her booted feet, suddenly realizing how
incongruous her attire was.

	It was then that she felt that original slight itch become something
that demanded action. The only problem was the grillwork of metal that kept her
from even getting a fingernail onto her burning, itching mons. Then she
remembered the cream that Adele had rubbed into her flesh this morning. Was
there nothing that these fiends wouldn't do to drive her to distraction and
reduce her to some kind of wreck of a human being. Chloe lost control and began
to sob, her will temporarily shattered by what was happening to her. It seemed
as if she was totally alone against an army of imps from hell eager to drag her
through the mud and turn her into something less than a human being. They were
succeeding and that is what terrified her.

	She hardly reacted to the first slap from the slim woman, but the second
brought her back to reality. Her bladder was about to burst, it felt as if her
vulva and a portion of her vagina were crawling with ants, stinging ants. There
was no way she could relieve this terrible itch, it was driving her to madness.
Chloe almost lost control of her bladder, but she refused to humilate herself
any further in front of this woman.

	Bronwyn made Chloe an offer that she could not refuse despite what it
entailed. "You know agent Starkers I've already had four cups of coffeee this
morning and my bladder is on full to overflow. I'll tell you what, you take care
of my little problem and I just might be able to give you something to piss in.
I don't think you want me to escort you outside looking the way you do right
now, do you?" The agent hung her head and sighed her agreement. The guard
grinned and unbuckled her belt, then dropped her trousers, revealing a pair of
bikini briefs that she quickly rolled down. Chloe was confronted with one of the
thickest pubic bushes she'd ever seen, and at the academy there were plenty of
ladies who eschewed the razor.

	The woman had Chloe turn so her hands could be cuffed behind her back.
Then Bronwyn had her kneel so her mouth could be guided to the guard's pee hole
which was lost in that jungle of unruly hair. The dark haired woman let out a
sigh of satisfaction as she released her hot, acrid piss into the helpless
agent's mouth. Chloe grimly struggled to keep up with the powerful stream that
flowed from the guard. She was too busy fighting to avoid being drown or choked
as her mouth was continuously filled, no matter how fast she gulped down the
contents. It was over a minute before the flow slackened and Chloe was able to
think about breathing once more. The guard took her time giving her captive the
last few spurts of piss. Then she ordered the agent to suck all the piss from
her pubic hair, which was even more degrading than merely swallowing it.

	True to her word the woman left the room and returned shortly carrying a
yellow bucket similar to the one in Bareback's office. Her face once more grew
scarlet when she saw what was inked on the pail. The bold, black letters spelled
out "CHLOE'S PISS POT". The poor woman was in such distress that she ignored the
humiliating words, instead squatting over the pail to relieve herself. Bronwyn
watched with a smirk and observed that any piss that splattered onto the floor
was to be licked up by her once Chloe was through peeing.

	The more empty the young woman's bladder became the more conscious she
was of the irritating effect of the cream that had been liberally smeared over
her vulva and rubbed a few inches into her vagina. Her expression did not seem
to surprise the guard. "I'll bet you would do anything to have a chance to get
at that itchy cunt of yours, wouldn't you!" All Chloe could do was nod dumbly as
she continued to void. "Well then, I have another proposition for you. Care to
hear it?" Chloe nodded, this time a bit more slowly, knowing that this offer
would cause her even more embarrassment or worse.

	"All you have to do is get me off with that mouth and tongue of yours
and I'll use this key that Adele gave me this morning to open that contraption
and let you scratch to your heart's content." Chloe rose from her stance over
the bucket and knelt on the floor and positioned herself in the direction of
Bronwyn's hairy pubes.

	 "I never got head from an FBI lady agent before. I guess since a lot of
you people are gay or bisexual, you can eat pussy like a pro." The remarks from
the guard felt like daggers to the young agent. What was she to do? She had no
choice but to comply or go insane from the agonizing irritation caused by that
damned salve or whatever it was. She licked her lips nervously just before the
thick pelt was pressed to her mouth.

	Chloe tried to imagine that she was eating Honey Connover's cunt, but
the smell and taste of this one was alien and the forest of thick, springy hair
was getting in the way of what she wanted to get at. She desperately poked her
tongue in the direction of Bronwyn's clit and hoped for the best. When this
didn't seem to get any reaction from the guard, the young agent sucked up her
courage and began gnawing on the hairy muff burger as if her life depended on
it. For once she had done something right; she heard Bronwyn grunt and then felt
the pressure of the guard's hairy snatch as she ground it against her face.
Chloe continued her frantic gnawing and then added some tongue action as she
realized she was at the entrance to the woman's cunt.

	Once she managed to wedge her tongue inside the guard's slit, she was
able to get her lips busy on her fat cunt lips as well. The humping her face was
receiving had picked up considerably. Not only that, Chloe's tongue was
beginning to pick up the taste and texture of the cunt sludge that was starting
to ooze from this fetid maw. She clutched the guard's muscular ass cheeks and
pressed against them to let her get even more of her tongue inside her. The
stuff was now dripping, not oozing, and Chloe picked up the pace; she was making
some progress.

	It took another five minutes of sometimes deperate action on her part
before Bronwyn let out a loud groan and nearly suffocated Chloe in the folds of
her cunt. All the while a stream of thick cunt cream was saturating Chloe's
lips, filling her mouth and dripping down her chin. She looked like a glazed
donut when she at last was able to remove her face from Bronwyn's spent pussy.
The guard had spasmed through a number of fast developing orgasms that rolled
through her like thunder.

	 "Damn, you sure know how to eat pussy! I hope I get another chance or
two to have you do me again some place where it's more comfortable and we have a
little privacy." Her words had a chilling and very depressing effect on agent
Starkers. She should have known all along; there were cameras probably hidden in
the ceiling and her activities were now on tape. She once more broke into tears
that surprised her companion.

	Bronwyn was a woman of her word and soon Chloe was able to free herself
from the confines of that horrible chastity belt. She made the mistake of
scratching the itch that had nearly driven her crazy. All that did was intensify
the itch, so Chloe scratched even harder. It became a vicious cycle of
increasing itching followed by increasingly harsh scratching. The net result was
that her skin became so inflamed and sore she was unable to touch it. At that
point the agent rolled up into a ball and trembled uncontrollably from the
combined pain and that constant irritation that kept tempting her to damage
herself further. It was the guard who finally brought matters to a halt. She
reached down, parted her legs and sprayed them with something that almost
immediately calmed the irritation. Chloe sobbed with relief as she felt the
itching sensation cease.

	The guard laughed and commented that she should have had Chloe get her
off again before she used the spray that Adele had provided when she gave her
the key to the chastity belt. "Oh well, I have a hunch I'll have another shot at
you sooner than later. Now get up, get dressed and let's get you back to work.
Adele says that she wants you in her office at 1130 sharp, with your bucket, so
get a move on or you'll be late. I think you know what that will mean if you're
late. Maybe they'll even have me over after work to help them out with you, if
you're late."

	Chloe begged Bronwyn to help her get into the chastity belt. The guard
extracted some tribute in the form of being allowed to shove her finger into the
agent's dry cunt and try to get her hot and bothered. Chloe was too agitated to
respond and so Bronwyn hooked her back into pussy prison and watched with a
knowing smirk as the woman wiggled into the panty girdle that almost immediately
began to cause a new wave of itching. She threw on the rest of her clothing,
grabbed the yellow pail and followed the guard out from the room.

	She encountered a large group of FBI personnel checking into the
facility and her bedraggled appearance made her the center of attention as she
stood there with her makeup in ruins, with mascara running down her cheeks
giving her the look of a harlequin. Try as she might she could not conceal the
humiliating bucket that Bronwyn insisted she carry through the metal detector.
To her astonishment the detector did not go off. She had failed to notice the
subtle sign given my Bronwyn to the guard operating the equipment. Thanking the
fates for at least one break, she hurried toward her building.

	At 1132 a disheveled and breathless Chloe arrived at the door to Ms
Rankine's office. She knocked and was asked to enter. The secretary wasted no
time lighting into her for being late.

	"You are late agent Starkers! You were told to be here promptly at 1130.
I will brook no excuse. You look like some kind of a tramp that one might find
lurking in an alley looking to sell herself for enough money to buy crack. You
are very fortunate that agent Bareback's meeting has run over a bit, but I do
intend to inform him that you were late for your meeting with him. Now sit down
and don't move or make a sound until I tell you."

	Chloe sat by Ms Rankine's desk with her bucket in her lap as she had
been instructed to do by the secretary. She was given a cup of that terrible
coffee to down before she went into the special agent's office. It wasn't until
noon that the visitor left. He was a tall, heavy-set man, in his late 50s with a
neatly trimmed beard flecked with gray. He paused when he saw her and his
eyebrows arched. He smirked and said to Bareback's secretary, "Isn't it a bit
early for Halloween?"

	Then he spied the bucket and read the words lettered across it. He
smiled wolfishly and made a kissing sound toward Chloe before speaking to her.
"Oh my, is this the new recruit I've been hearing so much about? Well I hope you
survive your initiation my dear, because I sure want a crack at your crack once
you are street legal, so to speak. Rumor has it you're a stone lesbian. That
won't be tolerated here; we do allow an occasional bi-sexual in our private
club, such as the ever willing and ever popular Adele Rankine. In your case you
have a lot of proving to do before you'll get my vote." The buzzer from within
Bareback's office brought this one-sided conversation to an end. He fluttered
his tongue at her and then departed, leaving the young agent to face whatever
new humiliations that Bareback had waiting for her.



					(To be continued) 




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					  Chapter 5


	As soon as the young agent entered the office her heart sank. The alcove
area was covered with heavy plastic sheeting which meant only one thing to the
frightened woman, she faced another round of water sports. Adele Rankine
followed behind her, closing the door which locked when it was shut. "Don't
stand there gawking, get out of those clothes.... Ms Rankine, unlock that
chastity belt when she's stripped down so I can get at that tight twat of hers."
Bareback's harsh voice sent tremors through Chloe as she fumbled with the
buttons and zippers of her slacks. Bareback was naked and his large cock was
rapidly lengthening as he stroked it. Adele had also shucked off her dress and
stood there in panties and bra, waiting to release the agent's pussy from its
confines.

	When she was totally naked, Chloe was made to lean across his desk,
using her arms for support. " Move from that position before I tell you, and I
will tear the skin off that scrawny ass of yours." Bareback snarled, giving her
butt a slap that rocked her entire body.

	 Adele climbed up on the desk, naked except for her bra and positioned
her pubic mound so that it was inches from Chloe's mouth. "My secretary's cunt
should keep you occupied while I give you a taste of what's coming to you this
weekend. Consider this a prevue of coming attractions, a very brief prevue I
might add."

	As the last words were out of special agent Bram Bareback's mouth, she
felt the first of a series of vicious blows that turned her clenched ass cheeks
into two flaming mounds of flesh. It took a few more strokes for her to realize
that he was using something rounded and made of metal on her defenseless
backside. It was not possible to absorb what was happening, the blows fell so
fast and each one felt as if it was cutting her skin open. She was in agony.
Then Adele grabbed her hair and jammed Chloe's face into her wet cunt. " Lick
you little bitch! You will get me off or he'll tear that ass of yours up until
it's in tatters!"

	Poor Chloe, her butt was being turned into hamburger while her breathing
was constrained by the insistent thrusting of Ms Rankine's wet, dripping fuckbox
against her face. Things got worse as Bareback marched the vicious instrument
down to that tender area separating the bottom of her ass cheeks and the tops of
her thighs. When it started biting into this area Chloe screamed into the
secretary's cunt, providing it even more stimulation. Now Adele's maw was
swallowing Chloe's nose as well as her mouth; it was impossible for her to
breathe. The young woman panicked and rose up from the desk to free herself from
the suffocating grip that Adele had on her.

	Suddenly there was this terrific pain radiating from her pubic mound,
and her body was literally lifted into the air from the force of the blow he had
delivered to her. Bareback had driven his knee up betwen her spread legs and
rammed it into her cunt, flattening it and driving the air from her. Chloe saw
stars and hundreds of litle black dots as her body tried to deal with the pain
that cruel blow had caused. Then everything went black and she lapsed into
unconsciousness, slipping down to the floor.

	Chloe awoke to find herself flat on her back with her head resting in
the bottom of a shallow plastic pan. No sooner had she opened her eyes when a
stream of acrid piss spurted from Ms Rankine's pee hole, hitting her squarely in
the face. She tried to move herself away from the source of this flow, but
discovered that she was tied hand and foot and held down by the weight of the
woman's body.

	"Open your fucking mouth you little cunt so Adele can fill it up with
her nice warm piss!" She instantly recognized Bareback's voice and tried to
locate him and at the same time dodge the steady stream of liquid that sprayed
across her face. Suddenly her stomach was flattened as he stomped on her
unprotected midsection, once, then again, and finally a third time. Chloe
brought up everything she'd eaten for the last twelve hours, much of her vomit
coming to rest on her face and chest. Moments later she brought up some bile and
a bit more vomit, adding to her general sense of utter degradation. "Open up or
I'll stomp your cunt until I rupture something." Bareback hollered as his foot
came down on her shaved vulva. Chloe opened her mouth and it was quickly filled
with the secretary's piss that seemed endless.

	Bareback watched as the young agent struggled to keep up with what was
issuing from his secretary. He knew that Adele had been drinking coffee all
morning in preparation for this little taste of humiliation that Starkers was
undergoing. Finally Ms Rankine's bladder was emptied, but she wasn't finished
with Chloe quite yet. She ordered the dazed woman to lick her cunt until it was
completely free of any traces of her lengthy piss. By now the young agent's face
and hair were soaked with Adele's urine. He pointed toward the large plastic
bucket that was located within the alcove. Chloe was forced to kneel before the
pail, and then Ms Rankine jammed her head into the water filling the bucket and
got her cleaned up to his satisfaction. Following a brisk toweling, the
bedraggled agent was marched back to Bareback's desk and ordered to squeeze
herself into its well, which had been modified to accommodate not only his legs,
but also a squatting female such as Starkers. Her misery seemed to know no
bounds.

	For nearly five hours Chloe was humiliated and degraded. For one, she
had to suck the special agent's cock and swallow his cum. On three different
occasions she had to take his long, thick cock into her mouth and apply herself
diligently for what seemed like an eternity until he spurted his salty seed into
her mouth. During this time he would bombard her with insults and complaints
about her lack of ability; reminding her that she would have to be trained
properly once her initiation period was over.

	When he came, she had to hold his sperm laden deposit in her mouth and
swish it around. Then he demanded that she gargle with this slimy load of blind
swimmers until she was on the verge of choking. Getting her head back far enough
to meet his wishes was most difficult in this very small space, but somehow she
managed. Then he would at last allow her to swallow this nasty mess. Still not
finished with this humiliating ritual, he would make her smack her lips with
pleasure and beg him for more cum to swallow.

	Approximately every hour Ms Rankine would arrive and serve special agent
Bareback his coffee. Then she would stoop down and slide Chloe's special coffee
into where she squatted, and wait while the young woman drank the entire cup and
slid it back out for the secretary to collect. After drinking two cups of the
heavily salted brew, her bladder was full to bursting. It was then that he
introduced her to another ritual, one that was even more perverted than sucking
him off to completion and swallowing his spending.

	 At first when he thrust his cock into her mouth she thought he wanted
her to get him off once more. She was a bit surprised that he was not yet erect.
When he began pissing into her mouth she nearly choked, so shocked was she by
this totally degrading act he was forcing her to perform. "Swallow every drop or
I will beat you to a pulp." Bareback snarled as the flow of his bitter, salty
piss increased.

	She could do nothing but comply. It seemed to take forever until he was
finished. Just before he was done he told her she would be expected to gargle
with the dregs and continue to do this until he allowed her to swallow his
"nectar" and then thank him for this wonderful opportunity to show her devotion
to him. She was a broken woman after performing this disgusting ritual. She
would do it once more before the afternoon was done.

	Some time after finishing his recycled coffee, her distended bladder
began to cause her severe pain. Her grunts and moans brought a chuckle from him.
"I'll bet I know an FBI agent who really needs to take a piss in the worse way.
Do you know who she is?" he said playfully. Chloe begged him to let her relieve
herself. "Lick my balls and give them a nice spit shine and I'll let you out so
you can go in your nice new piss pot." he replied.

	At this point there was nothing that Chloe would not do in order to
release this river of piss that was dammed up within her. She was now to the
point that she had no shame. Had he told her to squat outside of his office and
piss all over the floor in plain sight of most of the office personnel, she
would have done it without even thinking of the consequences. This was the state
that he wanted her to be in constantly. Bareback was well on his way to
achieving his objective.

	Bareback called his secretary into the office so she could witness
Chloe's latest act of self degradation. While she pissed into the yellow bucket
Chloe had to masturbate, splattering her urine all over her belly and onto the
plastic sheeting. At a nod from her boss, Adele hiked up her dress exposing her
shaved pussy and moved closer so Chloe could lick her cunt as she played with
her own pussy and pissed like a cow.

	He took some pictures of this tableau, then grinned and gave Adele
another nod. The expression on Chloe's face was priceless as Adele began pissing
into her eyes. Chloe's mouth opened automatically and Adele directed her stream
into the young agent's mouth. The secretary slowed down and then stopped her
flow for a moment and Chloe began to gargle her piss, without being prompted.
The two of them exchanged big smiles as Chloe continued to mortify herself for
their amusement. "I thought she'd have a little more backbone than this. I
remember it took nearly two weeks before you got me to that point." she
observed. Her boss chuckled and added,  "You were a handful in those days. I
remember thinking I might have to have you gangbanged around the clock again in
order to break your spirit, but all it took was one more good old fashion
thrashing for you to see the error of your ways."

	The rest of the afternoon followed the same nightmarish pattern as Chloe
sucked cock and swallowed cum, following his instructions to the letter and
thanking him profusely for the degradation and utter humilation she experienced.
She consumed his urine, acting as his personal toilet. She drank cup after cup
of whatever it was that Adele brought her to drink. She begged to be allowed to
void her bladder, now filled to the bursting point, promising to do anything
that  Bareback ordered without hesitation.

	He took her at her word, making her piss into her cupped hands and then
lapping it up like a dog before being allowed to piss some more. The last time
she performed this odious task, it took nearly twenty minutes before she found
complete relief. During most of that agonizing period he recorded her descent
into the lower depths as she was reduced to nothing more than some dumb animal
obeying its built-in instincts for survival.

	There was still more to follow when the building was nearly deserted and
only Chloe and her two tormentors remained in the area. Once again she leaned
over the desk so her flat bottom could be whipped with the metal rod until she
thought her ass would explode from the swelling this brutal beating caused. For
the first time since this nightmare week began she was sodomized by Ms Rankine
who raked her back and sides with her fingernails as she battered the young
agent's anal passageway with a long, thick dildo covered with bumps and ridges
that irritated and scored the sensitive flesh of the agent's anus and rectum.
Chloe was bleeding when finally Bareback pronounced himself satisifed that she
had had enough for the day.

	There still was one more nasty surprise before she was allowed to leave
this torture chamber. The chastity belt was fitted to her loins and covered with
the confining panty girdle. She was instructed to keep the panty girdle on until
she went to bed. In the event that she had to urinate, a guarantee based on all
the liquids that she had been forced to consume, she would not be allowed to
remove the garment. However they were expecting it to be perfectly clean when
she arrived at the office tomorrow morning.

	This meant that the poor woman would have to get up early to wash and
dry the undergarment before she wore it to work. She also realized that not
being free of the chastity belt would make cleaning her genital area a
challenge. To add further to her concerns she wondered how she could possibly
explain all of this to her roommate who was supposed to be back at the apartment
this evening. Her mind was so befogged that she didn't even bother to address
the issue of passing through the screening machine tomorrow morning while still
wearing the chastity belt.

	Chloe finally reached her apartment and let herself in. There was no
evidence that Honey Connover, the blonde bombshell as she jokingly called her,
had yet returned home. She quickly checked the blinking answering machine and
listened to her roommate make some more excuses for not returning as promised,
and provide absolutely no information concerning her whereabouts or when she
would return. Chloe had been so involved with her own problems that she hadn't
tried reaching her friend at her job in a satellite FBI office in Maryland.
Despite her difficulties, Chloe sat down and called Honey's number at the office
and left her a message stating that she was fine, but was becoming a bit worried
over her mysterious absence from their place. She made a little joke about
fearing that perhaps aliens had abducted her for use as a test subject in some
bizarre sex experiment, and then hung up.

	The young agent tried to concentrate on keeping busy, not wanting to
obsess on what tomorrow held in store for her. Today had been the worst one of
all, but since each subsequent day seemed to bring even more cruel surprises and
humiliating experiences, she did not want to even try to imagine what she would
be subjected to on the final day of the work week. She prepared dinner,
realizing that she needed to keep up her strength to protect herself from
totally capitulating to the fiendish aims of Bareback and his secretary.

	Nature called, and Chloe was once again forced to debase herself,
flooding the panty girdle with the contents of her bulging bladder. To avoid
creating even more of a mess, she had squatted in the tub as she relieved
herself. She knew that this latest torment was beng captured on tape, but
resolved not to show her feelings, a minor victory in this basically one-sided
struggle. Almost on cue, her phone rang just as she was finishing this latest
dirty trick they had played on her. It proved impossible to reach the phone
before the speaker hung up, but Chloe knew in her heart that it was just going
to be another set of instructions aimed at reducing her self esteem to its
absolute minimum. Her feeling was proven correct.

	It was Ms Rankine's voice that echoed in her ear, remarking in a
sarcastic tone that she was sorry to interrupt the agent while she was
indisposed, but it was necessary. She proceeded to give orders to the agent
concerning her outfit for the following day. She was to wear a very short black
skirt, one she had purchased as part of a costume she wore to a party last year.
It ended eight inches above her knees. A matching tank top that left her stomach
partially exposed completed her outer wear. Beneath this she was to wear nothing
except black panty hose. A pair of black, patent leather shoes was called for,
and a large yellow purse that she had bought on a whim from a thrift shop
completed her ensemble.

	 The panty girdle, washed and dried, would be carried in the purse. It
was the next instruction that nearly broke her will. She was to purchase one
dozen condoms, and an economy size tube of lubricant from a drug store located a
few blocks from the main entrance to the FBI facility, and add them to the
contents of her purse. She was cautioned not to forget to carry the piss pot
with her when she entered the facility. Chloe hardly reacted to the orders
covering her makeup for the next day. It was to be carelessly applied and
featured garish black lipstick, with matching eye liner and mascara. She was
even told where these particular cosmetics were located in her apartment. It
turned out that they belonged to Honey, who had worn them to a Halloween party
last year. Chloe was too benumbed to be even mildly shocked by the detailed
knowledge about her place that Adele possessed.

	She began to tremble as soon as Ms Rankine hung up. For a moment she
gave into panic. Then for some strange reason she had this overwhelming urge to
masturbate, to actually provide herself with some honest sexual pleasure to
counteract the perverted activities that had become the staple of her existence.
Even this small pleasure had been denied to her, thanks to the devilish cage
that isolated her pussy from any contact. Chloe was on the verge of completely
giving herself over to them for whatever fate they had planned for her. She had
truly touched bottom.



					(To be continued) 




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


				         Chapter 6


	Chloe spent the night tossing and turning, her mind focused on what the
day would bring. To date each had been worse than its predecessor. What new
torments were in store for her today? By the time her alarm went off she was a
nervous wreck. Perhaps it was the lack of sleep or maybe the panic that was
beginning to take hold of her, but Chloe tried to take some action to avoid what
would be her initial humiliation of the day. She felt that it was impossible to
enter the facility during the peak arrival hour in that garish outfit, her
makeup making her look like one of those Goth girls, with that damned yellow
piss pot in one hand and swinging from her shoulder the large matching purse
containing even more humiliating material. If she could only arrive as soon as
the guards were on duty, and actually let them see the chastity belt she wore,
perhaps they might show her some kindness and wave her through. After all it was
Friday, and most people, even the guards should have other things on their minds
besides humiliating her.

	Her strategy went up in smoke the moment she arrived at the inspection
point. The guard from Building 24, Bronwyn, was standing at the entrance to the
metal detector. Another female guard who did not look familiar was operating the
machine. With a knowing smile Bronwyn beckoned her to walk through the entrance.
Chloe was in a panic and did not know what to do. Like some kind of automaton
she shuffled through the entryway and crossed over the line; nothing happened.
She looked up, not believing what had just occurred. Then she heard the
operator's voice informing her that the machine was not functioning properly.
She nearly passed out as she stared into Bronwyn's smiling face.

	"Looks as if I'll have to pat you down; this won't take but a moment"
she heard her say. Chloe knew better. The guard casually flipped up her short
skirt and whistled as she caught a glimpse of the chastity belt. "I guess you'll
have to let me search you a little more thoroughly. Follow me and we'll try to
get this done quickly." As Chloe passed through the door to the search area she
heard the detector beep. She suddenly knew that she had been set up. As usual,
Bram Bareback was one step ahead of her. What would happen to her now?

	Chloe stripped down to the chastity belt, and stood there, her face
beet-red. Bronwyn circled her as if she was preparing to pounce. The young agent
shivered, not from the cold, but the utter humiliation of it all. When would
this horrible nightmare end? Would it ever end? It got a little worse when the
slim brunette opened her purse and pulled out the packets of condoms.

	"It looks as if someone was planning a very busy weekend. Do you have a
cheap boyfriend or are you going to try to supplement your income by whoring
yourself?" The sarcastic words from Bronwyn made Chloe feel small, like a child
being scolded by a parent. Without thinking she bent over and crossed her arms
over her pancake shaped breasts, as if trying to protect herself from the
implication that she was one of those loose women that frequented the seedy side
of town, selling their bodies for money to buy drugs or support their pimps.
Tears formed, making her mascara run.

	The guard made a brief phone call, making sure that Chloe could not hear
what she said. She could do nothing but stand there, naked except for the steel
and leather prison that encased her genitals. She began hoping that the call had
been made to Ms Rankine and that soon she would appear to escort Chloe to the
office. Chloe had now been reduced to the point that she looked upon her
tormentor as a friend, even a savior from the situation in which she found
herself involved.

	Minutes later another woman, dressed in civilian clothes entered.
Without thinking, Chloe tried to hide her nakedness from this stranger. The
blonde woman, probably in her mid 30s, was smartly dressed and had a badge with
a red border, indicating she was from the human resources department. Chloe
began to shiver even more, coming to the conclusion that she was about to be
dismissed from the FBI. She broke down and began to sob, then plead for a chance
to explain how she came to be in this little room wearing only a chastity belt
with a purse filled wth condoms.

	Chloe was allowed to put her clothing back on, and then she was escorted
over to the building housing the human resources folk by Bronwyn and the blonde.
Once inside she was turned over to another female guard and taken into a freight
elevator for her trip to the interview area. The guard kept staring at her and
making kissing sounds. Just before the door to the elevator opened, she reached
over and pinched Chloe's bottom as she said, "I sure would like to get you over
to my place and do you all night with my big Bertha dildo while you begged for
mercy." The beleaguered woman was speechless as she was hustled from the car and
into a small room at the end of the corridor.

	Waiting for her was a stern faced brunette, her hair pulled into a
severe bun, and wearing glasses that made her face appear almost sinister. 
"Don't sit down, I want to take some pictures of you in this ridiculous outfit."
Chloe recoiled at the tone of this functionary's voice, but complied with her
order. The woman picked up a camera and soon had made over a dozen shots of
Chloe in various poses, including having her hold the piss pot up so the
lettering showed clearly. She finished this part of the humiliating process by
having Chloe hold the purse open so the condoms and lubricant could be clearly
seen.

	After checking to make sure she had what she needed in the line of
pictures, she looked at the bedraggled agent and ordered her to strip. When the
young woman hesitated, the brunette smacked her across the face, leaving a red
blotch on her cheek. "Now take every item of clothing off and put your arms out
from your body. I want to get some shots of that chastity belt they tell me you
are wearing." Chloe was in a daze by now and meekly did as she was told,
allowing the woman to photograph her from all angles as she stared blankly at
the wall, blinking every time the flash went off.

	The hard faced brunette picked up the phone and exchanged a few terse
words with whoever was on the other end. Chloe just stood there, wondering what
would happen to her next. A few minutes later the door opened and the guard who
had taken her up to this room entered and gave her a wolfish grin. Before she
could get her bearings, Chloe's hands were swiftly cuffed behind her back. "Take
her to room 604 and keep an eye on her until they arrive, then you may leave and
go back downstairs." The guard nodded and pushed the agent towards the door.
Chloe began to blubber, whinning that she was naked and everyone would see her.
They both laughed and the guard poked Chloe in the stomach with her baton. "
Move, you dumb whore or I'll stick this up your ass." Chloe continued to sob as
she shuffled from the room.

	To her astonishment they did not encounter a single soul on their walk
to room 604. All the way over the guard amused herself by poking her baton into
Chloe's lower back and even trying to goose her with it, but the chastity belt
for once prevented something bad from happening to her. However once they were
at their destination the guard took full advantage of the situation. She groped
the agent's breasts and tweaked her nipples while trying to push her tongue into
Chloe's mouth. The agent resisted as best she could until the guard brought a
knee up into her chastity belt, driving the metal cage into her tender flesh and
making her double over with pain. "Have it your way for now, but mark my words,
I'll be drilling out your tender asshole before the day's over, count on it!"
Chloe sniffled and tried to get a grip on herself. At that moment the door
opened and two more members of the HR department strode into the room.

	The guard smirked and blew her a kiss as she left Chloe in the hands of
these two ladies, both of them much larger and heavier than the young agent. One
of them produced a key that she used to open the chastity belt. Now the stunned
agent was stark naked. Then in less time then it takes to tell, she was pushed
down onto the heavy wooden chair located by the big desk and her legs were
securely anchored to the lower rungs of the chair, spreading her thighs wide and
totally exposing her hairless slit.

	"This little whore shaves, what did I tell you. I'll bet she does it so
her customers have an easy time finding her diseased cunt in the dark when they
want to fuck her. Can you imagine this slut having the nerve to bring a dozen
condoms into the very building where our dedicated agents are diligently working
to save the nation from the forces of evil. She should be sent to Guantanamo as
a minimum after we find out what terrorist organization she belongs to."

	Chloe was too stunned at these words to react. What were these persons
saying? Didn't they know she was as loyal an agent as the FBI had. Why else
would she have a high level security clearance that gave her access to much
critical information? Suddenly she had a sinking feeling in her stomach. The
higher the level of clearance, the more damage a mole could do. But she wasn't a
mole! She was a hard working, loyal member of the greatest security organization
in the free world. All she had to do was tell the truth and all this would be
behind her. She'd tell them about Bareback and Ms Rankine; they had to believe
her! All it would take was a polygraph test and she would be free from this
nightmare. It was then that she realized that they were preparing to give her
just such a test.

	The agent made no attempt to struggle as they wired her up to the
polygraph. However when one of the women lubed a narrow cylinder and inserted it
into her vagina, she grew tense. "What was this all about?" she thought. The
probe had a wire coming from the base and she watched as it was attached to a
metal box located on the desk. Then one of the women spoke into a tape recorder
announcing the date and time as well as stating that FBI agent Chloe Starkers
was submitting to this test without any reservations. She was too confused to
make any objection. The first few questions were to establish her baseline. She
confirmed that she was indeed agent Chloe Starkers, and answered a few simple
questions such as where she worked, the fact that she was a graduate of the FBI
academy in Virginia and currently was employed as a member of the FBI, tasked
with dealing with matters involving terrorist threats to the US mainland.

	Chloe was very familiar with the procedures used in this type of test,
having been given a number of them during her time at Quantico and when she
entered her current assignment. The tape recorder had a timer which was
synchronized with the polygraph, guaranteeing that there could not be any
tampering with the original record such as by splicing extra, invalid data into
the machine. It did not take her very long to realize that this test was not
being done according to the standard protocols. By then she had just finished
answering about her current assignment and to whom she reported.

	Then the questions quickly shifted to her personal life and began
probing her sexual preferences and overall mental health. This barrage of highly
personal questions flustered the young agent, and the data confirmed her
anxieties by showing much wider deviations from her baseline. Then the first
blockbuster question came to the fore, "Did she have any animosity towards her
supervisor Bram Bareback?" Chloe decided to play it safe and give them an
innocuous reply. That is when her vagina received the first powerful jolt of
electricity. It took her breath away and sent her into a panic, which was duly
recorded by the machine. From then on it was a nightmare. Her answers to one
leading question after another created wild swings in the stylus recording her
responses. Every answer was now controlled totally by the vaginal probe that
pumped progressively stronger doses of electricity into her aching, dry tunnel,
making her feel as if its very lining was being seared off. Finally she
collapsed into unconsciousness and the test was suspended while she was revived.

	It took some doing, but they managed to insert the probe into her anus.
She was gagged now to keep her screams from interfering with the taping. Those
working in the vicinity were quite accustomed to hearing the screams and shreiks
that came from the various suspects as they were tested. The personnel in this
department were well aware that those spending time in this room were obviously
enemies of the country.

	This entire operation was the brilliant idea of a good friend of Chloe's
supervisor who had received a major promotion for bringing his concept on line.
Chloe was only one of dozens of "enemies" of the nation that spent time
providing the kind of information that the organization wanted to hear so it
could pass it along to those higher up in the chain of command.

	They continued to torture Chloe for another hour, recording her violent
responses to the bursts of agony that her colon received. It finally ended when
the girl lost control of her bowels and defecated. Her questioners left the room
for a time and allowed the hysterical agent to wallow in her own wastes. By the
time the janitorial crew, all possessing the highest level of clearance, arrived
to clean up the mess, agent Starkers was completely out of it, her eyes wide,
but unblinking and drool issuing in a steady stream from her gaping mouth.

	It would take the ladies that conducted the test almost a day to
synchronize the recording, their questions, and Chloe's verbal responses into a
completed package that could stand up to the closest scrutiny. This could only
be achieved thanks to the extreme sophistication of their software and the
advanced computer codes that controlled the voice analyzer that was the key to
this process. Chloe Starkers was now tied up into a neat package with a bow on
it. She was totally at the mercy of those interested only in advancing their
careers and gaining further power.

	The method they used to transfer Chloe back to her department was
another example of the intricate infrastructure that allowed this covert
operation to exist unnoticed by those who did not have the need to know. The
shell shocked woman was securely restrained and gagged before her naked body was
zipped into an insulated canvas pouch that looked much like the type used to
carry mail. The transfer between buildings was done in a manner that avoided the
more public detection stations. The building she had been moved to was located
on the outskirts of the complex. There she remained until very late in the day.
Promptly at 1745 Ms Rankine signed for the pouch which had been finally routed
to her office. Much earlier in the day the young agent's clothing and the
chastity belt arrived after having gone through more normal channels.

	She was still dazed and not quite aware of what was happening to her.
However when the pouch was opened and she saw Ms Rankine's smiling face, her
world collapsed in on her. Was there ever to be relief from whatever horrible
game they were playing with her? What more could they do to further humiliate
and degrade her?

	"I hear that you have been a very naughty girl. The nice people in HR
told me that you made some very serious accusations about special agent Bareback
and even myself. How unfortunate for you. I fear that your weekend initiation
will now have to be postponed in order for you to be properly chastised for
violating security."

	"That is a very serious violation, agent Starkers; it could mean a long
stretch in Guantanamo. They do not take kindly to terrorist sympathizers, let
alone a native born terrorist who has dared to try to infiltrate the FBI. It's
too bad things have come to this; I did so hope that you and I might have become
very good friends. Now after what must be done, you will no longer be able to
function as an FBI agent. However you may yet get an opportunity to partially
redeem yourself if you survive what is in store for you now."

	Agent Starkers offered no resistance when she was freed from her bonds
and allowed to dress. Even this outlandish outfit was preferable to being naked.
She couldn't help noticing that she no longer had to wear that cruel chastity
belt, some small improvement in her situation. Just as they were preparing to
leave, Ms Rankine snapped her fingers and said in a loud voce, "How silly of me,
I forgot to put the chastity belt on you. Now be a good little girl and strip
off. Make it quick so I can put you into the pussy prison as special agent
Bareback calls it. We don't want to be late getting to our destination."

	It was 1825 by the time Ms Rankine escorted Chloe from the building. The
guards at the detection station had openly mocked her, commenting on her outfit
and going into gales of laughter when she had to raise her skirt to reveal that
what the machine was picking up was her chastity belt. Ms Rankine did not help
matters when she commented that the agent had been acting strangely all day and
she feared she was on the verge of some kind of a breakdown. It got even worse
when Chloe's purse was searched and they came up with the condoms and the
lubricant. One of the guards remarked that it looked as if the agent was
moonlighting as a prostitute, and wondered if that wasn't a breach of FBI
regulations. Ms Rankine kept a straight face through it all, but finally she bid
the guards a good night and pushed Chloe in the direction of the exit.

	As they passed through the gate, leaving Chloe's car parked in the
employees lot for the weekend, she was forced into a final indignity. Adele made
her raise her skirt to show the grinning gate guard the leather and metal symbol
of her utter degradation at the hands of Bareback and his associates. He made an
obscene gesture and flicked his tongue as if he was a snake and she his prey. As
the complex faded behind them,  Adele licked her lips and smiled.

	 "I shouldn't be telling you this, but you won't be the only one having
to pay for disobeying orders. It should make for a very entertaining weekend to
see how you two ladies hold up to what will be done to you." Chloe could only
shiver with fear, knowing that whatever she could imagine would not be nearly as
bad as what they would do to her and this other unfortunate.


				
				(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					Chapter 7


	After driving for nearly an hour they arrived at their destination, a
warehouse located on the edge of a rundown industrial park. Adele guided the car
around to the rear of the building, passing through two radio controlled
security gates that guarded the entrance to the back area and the underground
parking garage. Even in her funk, Chloe realized that this place was something
more than just a warehouse. Ms Rankine pushed the agent towards the elevator,
which also required her to punch in a sequence of numbers before the door
opened.

	As the elevator glided almost silently to the upper level, Adele stared
at Chloe and licked her lips in anticipation of what was to come. They walked
down a long hallway and once more Ms Rankine had to identify herself, this time
by means of a retinal scan which allowed them entry. Chloe gasped at what she
saw.

	The room was huge, the concrete walls almost bare except for certain
areas where metal rings had been bolted. There must have been a dozen or more
people standing around, their attention fixed on the naked woman stretched
spread-eagle fashion, her wrists and ankles manacled to rings attached on the
two metal posts sunk into the concrete floor. She was wearing a leather hood
from which a shock of blonde hair protruded. It took less than seconds for it to
sink in that this was Honey Connover, her missing roommate. Chloe felt faint and
would have slumped to the floor without the support of Adele Rankine. "Anybody
you know?" she said, as Chloe began to shake.

	Chloe recognized Bronwyn and her companion, the one who had escorted her
to Room 604. They stood on either side of Honey and were laying the leather to
her big bouncy breasts. From the looks of those battering bags, the two had been
drubbing her perfect boobs for some time. They were synchronized, one stroke
following the other in perfect harmony, the slapping sounds mimicking a
metronome. Then striding toward her with a devilish look on his face was her
immediate supervisor, Bram Bareback.  "It's about time you showed up. I was
afraid the ladies might whip the skin off those lovely tits on your friend
before you honored us with your presence."

	As he spoke he waved his hand in the direction of the trio, signaling a
halt to the proceedings. Then he turned to Ms Rankine and said, "It's time she
had a little taste of the strap. I just know the two officers are just dying to
have a good go at what passes for her body. Keep the chastity belt on her
though, I have some ideas for having some fun with her in that get-up."

	Chloe blinked at her two tormentors; she was utterly at their mercy and
knew what awaited was going to be very painful. The second woman was the one
that had promised her that she would be at her mercy before the day was
finished. Evidently she had known about this long before Chloe. Bronwyn grinned
and suggested to her companion that they concentrate on Chloe's nipples, since
her tits weren't much of a target. The first blow flattened her sensitive nubbin
flat. Before she could even react to the pain, a second blow followed, grazing
her other nipple, but still stinging it.

	Soon the pair developed a rhythm and the agent's nipples grew swollen,
the flesh surrounding them livid from the abuse she was receiving. Then they
changed the angle at which they struck her, grazing the nubbins, or missing them
completely and landing on the bottom portion of her pancake-shaped breasts. The
pain grew more intense and Chloe's cries of pain increased. The two of them
paused and readjusted the straps in their fists. Chloe bit her lip in
anticipation, seeing that they intended to use the buckle ends to provide even
more pain to her sore nipples.

	Now there was no such thing as a miss. Each time the buckle slashed into
her sore breasts the pain was intense and there was no time to recover as the
second buckle was already scoring as the pain from the first blow reached a
crescendo. Chloe had never felt such constant and excruciating agony. It was as
if someone had poured kerosene on her tits and set them afire. When they decided
to start on her back, she had an unimpeded view of what was happening to Honey
Connover.

	The hooded blonde had been strapped to a gynecological examination table
with her legs locked into the stirrups that were swung away from the platform,
forcing her thighs to be spread obscenely thus giving total access to both her
cunt and asshole. A naked man was standing between Honey's thighs and he was
obviously fucking the helpless blonde. There was a line of men and one woman,
who she recognized as the blonde from the HR department, standing to the side of
the table waiting their turn.

	To Chloe her situation was slightly better than what her roommate was
enduring. Here it was just sharp bursts of pain as the straps ate into her taut
flesh. In comparison Honey was experiencing the pain associated with being
viciously penetrated, probably without the benefit of her natural secretions,
and the utter humiliation of the act of rape. The combination of physical and
mental anguish, coupled with being unable to even know who was her assailant
must have been devastating.

	When the two women tired, they were replaced by a pair of men, neither
one familiar to Chloe. They tore into her with a fury, raining blows down onto
her naked body from all angles. They too used their belts, wrapped securely
around their fists. Their furious attack was not as systematic as the previous
pair; this made it even more difficult to mentally prepare for the pain since
the source was constantly changing.

	She would wince in agony as her sore breasts were slashed by one of
them, then gasp in shocked surprise as the other left a welt across her flat
belly, just above the chastity belt. The speed at which she was whipped was also
much greater, giving her absolutely no time to recover from one blow to the
next. Unlike before where after a time the particular area being whipped became
much less sensitive, the randomness of their attack was such that it felt as if
each new blow was cutting into fresh flesh.

	Still another pair of men took over and soon there wasn't a square inch
of her body, except for those parts shielded by the chastity belt, free of welts
and bruises and some cuts. The cuts had occurred when the women had used the
buckle end of their belts on Chloe's body. Bareback had twice cautioned the men
about attempting to use their buckles on the agent. "Hey knock it off! This
chunk of cunt has to last all weekend. You go at her like that and you'll be
depriving the rest of the members of their turn at making this piglet squeal and
beg." His words seemed to have a calming effect on them, perhaps because of his
status in the group. Chloe was too far gone to care why; she just gave thanks
for very small favors.

	One of the next two who stepped up to continue this terrible beating was
known to her. She had seen him in the area on a number of occasions, and had
even sat at a meeting which he attended. He had said very little, but when he
did speak, the person chairing the meeting gave him his undivided attention. He
and his companion concentrated on seeing how much damage they could do to her
tender inner thighs, the same ones that Honey Connover loved to suck hickies
into as Chloe moaned and her cunt literally drooled as she was transported to
another world.

	Chloe watched through slitted eyes as Bram moved to the side of Honey
who was being raped anally by the blonde woman from HR who wore a strap-on that
featured a very thick length of plastic with grooves etched into the material.
Chloe knew that the table must have been moved to give her this kind of a view.
Although her thighs were being blistered and even cut by the vicious whipping
those two were delivering, she began to focus on her poor roommate who was
bleeding from her asshole. Those grooves were slowly tearing away at the mucous
membrane lining her rectal passage; she must have been in horrible pain.

	The pair whipping her took full advantage of Bram's absence. Now the
belt buckles were biting into her tender flesh, each blow taking out skin and
even small chunks of bloody tissue. The pain made her shake and caused her
vision to blur. She could feel the blood streaming down her thighs and legs as
the pain intensified. Had not Bareback glanced over at her and realized what was
happening, there is no telling how much damage they might have done. He strode
over and in a loud voice told them that they were to stand down and remain on
the sidelines until he told them differently. For a brief moment Chloe felt
indebted to her savior; then he dashed that as he said, "Looks as if I have to
take you down and keep you on a leash. You give me any trouble and I will take
the skin off your ass for openers. In fact if you don't do exactly what I tell
you from now on, I will let them really go to town on you."

	Chloe slumped to the cold concrete floor the moment she was freed from
the posts. Bram grabbed her by the hair and half dragged her towards the table
on which Honey was being raped. Now that the young agent was able to concentrate
without also contending with the terrible pain of her beating, she began to
wonder why through all the terrible things that were happening to her, Honey had
not spoken a word or made any sound at all. She surmised it had something to do
with the leather hood she wore.

	Bareback must have figured she was curious about the hood, so while he
waited for the plumpish blonde to finish ruining her victim's anus, he described
what had led to this. "Your girlfriend is even dumber than you are, if that can
be possible. We reeled her in the same time we decided to take you under our
wing. She was even less cooperative than you were, so we had to spirit her away
a bit earlier than we had originally planned. She still refused to play ball, so
we put her in the helmet yesterday. What that neat little piece of work does is
totally prevent her from making any sound. It also prevents her from seeing,
hearing or smelling anything. However she can still feel, and we've been giving
her lots of stimulation in that area. It's a shame we can't hear what her
reaction to all this has been." Chloe was slack-jawed when he finished telling
her this.

	She was still trying to come to grips with everything she had seen and
experienced when he ordered her to get down on her knees and get him erect so he
could rape Honey's asshole once again. She complied and was soon choking on his
thick cock as it swelled inside her mouth. His hands held her head in a grip of
steel as he controlled her every movement, making sure that he got what he
wanted from her. At last he allowed his saliva coated cock to pop free of her
suctioning mouth. He gave the leash to the man standing behind them.

	"She gives you any trouble, choke the bitch until she's on her knees and
begging." Chloe shuddered at the tone of his voice. She now stood within arm's
length of her roomie and lover, unable to aid her in any way. Honey's asshole
gaped dramatically, the stretched muscle ringed with blood that was still oozing
from the open wound that was formerly her anus. Bram Bareback took his time
making sure he was properly positioned; then he gave the young agent a wicked
grin as he plunged his hard weapon deep into the helpless blonde's bleeding
asshole.

	 Chloe winced as she watched Honey's body lunge up against the straps
holding her to the table. It was quite obvious that she was in terrible pain.
Bram began to hammer away inside his victim, moving his hips so that his cock
went from side to side as it burrowed to its full length inside Honey's
tender,twitching channel which now was bleeding profusely. He leaned over and
grabbed her bruised and blistered breasts in his large powerful hands and began
to twist and yank them as he raped her furiously, his hard cock acting like a
piston as he ripped away at her insides.

	The brutal attack on her lover forced the young agent to turn away,
unable to stand what she was seeing. She found herself face to face with the
guard that had threatened her only today; it turned out her name was Char, and
she was bound and determined to settle the score with Chloe. "I'm gonna be first
in line when you go down on that table. I'll jam big bertha so far up your
asshole it'll come out of your mouth, you can count on that, you prissy stuck-up
bitch!" Her voice dripped with venom as she threatened Chloe anew; then
emphasized her feelings by grabbing and painfully twisting one of her sore
nipples, bringing the agent to tears. The man holding the leash jerked it tight
and mumbled a threat of his own. "Knock off the crap, or I'll choke you out you
stupid cunt!" he snarled at Chloe.

	Moments later Bram bellowed and began flooding Honey's spasming rectal
area with a huge load of boiling cum. He increased the speed and power of his
thrusts as he emptied his balls deep within her tender, twitching tunnel. During
this final assault on her, his hands tried to tear her big tits from her chest
wall. Failing in that, he had to console himself with twisting those heavy
melons until her body was bowed in agony as Honey desperately tried to relieve
the terrible pressure that he had been applying. His cock slithered free of her
gaping asshole, covered with blood, cum and everything else he had dislodged
from her bowels.

	He took a couple of steps away from the table to allow the man holding
Chloe's leash to take his turn. As he transferred the leash to Bareback's hand,
he whistled at the damage that had been done to the hooded blonde's anus. "Damn,
I'll bet you could put a redwood tree up her asshole without touching the sides.
That is one messed up fuck hole. I guess I better use that cunt of hers, it's
got to be tighter than what's left of her asshole. Too bad she's got that damned
hood on, or I'd choke fuck her instead of dipping my wick in that swamp."

	Bareback pointed to the floor and yanked Chloe's leash, forcing her to
her knees. He grinned sardonically and pointed to his dripping cock. "OK
Starkers, get busy and clean that mess off my cock before it sets up." Chloe
cringed; what he was ordering her to do was perhaps the most humiliating request
she'd heard to date. She hesitated and Bram suddenly pulled the leash tight
arond her throat, abruptly cutting off her air. The young agent began to choke,
calling attention to herself. A crowd quickly formed around the two figures and
watched the unequal struggle. Chloe's face grew red as she desperately tried to
relieve some of the pressure from the collar that was sinking into the flesh of
her neck.

	Bareback leaned over until his face was inches from her. "This is your
last chance. The second I let go of this leash you better start swallowing my
cock as if your life depended on it. That's just an expression, what will happen
is that I will have yur nipples cut off here and now. Don't worry, you won't
bleed to death because the stumps will be cauterized with a soldering iron. We
have bigger and better plans for you, with or without those nipples." He
released his grip on the leash and took a step back. Chloe started to crawl
toward him, her mouth wide, her tongue flickering. There was a bright flash as
one of the audience began taking pictures of this latest act of degradation.

	Chloe willed herself to accept the hard length of flesh into her mouth.
Bram took the opportunity to grab her by her hair and jam his cock deep into her
throat, causing her to choke and gag, spewing a thick coating of saliva over
this invader. He pulled free, creating a long strand of glistening saliva that
connected his cock to her mouth. Once more he plunged it deep into her throat
with similar results. Then he began to saw it back and forth inside her wet 
mouth, feeling her tongue and lips washing away the remnants of his recent
assault on Honey Connover's asshole. All the while the camera's bulb continued
to flash over and over as the lens captured Chloe's total degradation. She
continued to swirl her tongue over every part of his cock that she could reach
and he stood there with a triumphant look on his face. This was another major
step in her downward spiral into total abject obedience to whatever he decreed.

	When Bram pronounced his satisfaction with her clean up, there was some
mocking applause from the group. He smiled and gave an exaggerated bow and then
offered his hand to Chloe so that she could rise and also take a bow. Her
humiliation was now complete. What more could this brute of a man do to her? She
was about to discover that he seemed to have no limits in what he could conceive
for her to do. He snapped his fingers and two men stepped forward to take charge
of the stupified agent.

	Soon she found herself once more hanging in the air, this time by her
wrists. Her legs were pulled wide apart and anchored to ring bolts located in
the concrete floor. Bram reappeared holding a wooden box beneath his arm.
"Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention. One of our two guests has
graciously invited us all to take part in a game of darts. In this box are
twenty-four titanium tipped darts designed to my specifications. Unlike the
standard issue, these are much smaller and are configured to allow them to be
hurled at the target with a much greater velocity than can be generated by
standard wooden models."

	"Each contestant will receive six darts. Agent Starkers has volunteered
to be the dart board, a special dart board, since the target is located behind
the rather fetching chastity belt she is wearing." As his words echoed througout
the room, Chloe began to blindly struggle against her bonds. There was nothing
she could do to prevent the terrible things that were about to happen to her.
Bareback continued to describe the rules of the game.

	"Each dart is small enough to pass through the cells composing the metal
cage guarding her cunt. A hit is defined as a dart that penetrates through the
cage and into her cunt. Anything else is considered a miss. Any dart that
strikes any other portion of her body will cause the contestant to lose one
throw as a penalty. Naturally this means that the last dart is a free one if the
thrower is so inclined." There was a round of laughter and applause when he
finished speaking.

	"What does the winner get?" someone asked. Bram arched his eyebrow,
doing his best impression of the wrestler called The Rock, and smirked. "He or
she gets to throw one dozen darts into the target from a distance half that of
the standard range allowed. There will be no penalties for any type of
misdirected throws." This answer brought gasps, whoops and a wild burst of
cheers from the group. Chloe was sure that she was in hell.



				(To be continued) 




					Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					          Chapter 8


	Initially eight people, including Adele and Bronwyn, signed up for the
dart-throwing contest. The other members of the group were still involved in
Honey's gangbang, by now they were using her asshole almost exclusively except
for the occasional fister who enjoyed reaming out her slack, swampy cunt, and
trying to tilt her sore cervix.

	Chloe began to tremble uncontrollably when Bareback put goggles on her
to protect her eyes from any wild shots. Then he took a felt tipped pen and
inked circles around her nipples and navel, to as he said, "Give the snipers
something to shoot at when they got tired of bouncing their darts off your
chastity belt." The helpless woman looked out at the first contestant, a man who
she had not seen before. He took his stance and flung his first dart. It struck
the chastity belt with surprising force, bouncing off to the floor. Chloe gasped
as she realized how bad things might get.

	His next four casts were no better than his first, but the force of each
strike was sufficient to cause bruising of her flesh, and as time went on, even
making her bones hurt from the steady tattoo of blows from the high speed darts.
By now he was angry and Chloe closed her eyes, knowing full well that his last
dart would find a different target. When the dart burrowed into the flesh of her
thigh, at first she felt nothing, the impact was such that it numbed the area it
struck. Then a lancing pain radiated out from where the dart was buried. She
screamed and screamed as the pain grew in intensity. She opened her eyes and
stared into the man's face, now covered with a broad smile. "Next contestant now
on the firing line." intoned Bram.

	This one was not very skillful, but one of his throws actually
penetrated the belt at an oblique angle and bit into one of her cunt lips,
bringing a sharp gasp from her and a big cheer from the contestants. This lucky
shot saved Chloe from having to take one in some other portion of her naked
body, as he wasted the rest of the darts trying to duplicate his first hit. Bram
stepped up and barely touched the dart to dislodge it from her flesh, leaving
behind a tiny fleck of blood. It had been at best, a glancing hit.

	Next was Bronwyn, and as she took her stance Chloe closed her eyes, not
kowing what to expect from her. She found out immediately as the first dart
buried itself in her upper arm. The guard received some good natured ribbing,
but Chloe knew that she had deliberately chosen to give up half her throws in
order to land three into the agent's helpless body. The second dart sank into
her breast, a few inches from the dark circle that covered her nipple. This one
hurt bad, very bad. It was the kind of pain that shook her entire body, so deep
had the dart gone. Bram frowned at Bronwyn, but she was determined to have it
her way. On her final throw she leaned over the line and gave it everything she
had. Chloe grunted as the dart bounced off one of her ribs and fell to the
floor. Bronwyn had defeated herself.

	Bareback was not happy with what had just transpired and said so in no
uncertain terms. Bronwyn only glared as he disqualified her. She turned to Chloe
and gave her the finger, shouting that she would make her pay dearly for this
fiasco before the weekend was over. Neither of the next two contestants proved
especially dangerous except for their last darts which landed in her hip and
belly respectively. Both drew blood and cheers from the group. Then trouble
appeared in the form of the one who said little but seemed to possess some clout
among his peers.

	Chloe had developed a certain degree of calmness, having survived the
first five people with minimum damage to her person. However seeing this one
take his stance, she had a terrible feeling that she was about to be in big
trouble. His first throw removed all doubt. All the others had thrown overhand
or pitched the darts in an arc towards her. This one threw sidearm and with
tremendous force. The first dart actually bent one of the metal cells composing
the cage protecting her cunt. The shock of this near miss was tremendous; there
was substantial pain generated just from the concussion of the dart against the
metal. The audience grew hushed and all eyes were focused on the thrower as he
prepared to deliver the second dart.

	To Chloe it felt as if her cunt had just burst into flame. The titanium
tipped dart had buried itself into the meat, neatly splitting her pussy lips and
coming to rest in the wall of her birth canal. She shivered and shook as the
pain blasted away at her nerve endings. She could not draw breath, she felt
dizzy and then as if she wanted to throw up. Then Chloe began to vomit, spewing
the mess all over herself and onto the floor. Even those engaged in raping Honey
Connover stopped their activites to take in what was happening. Then the next
dart buried itself deep into one of her cunt lips. Chloe passed out.

	They revived the young agent by dousing her with cold water from a fire
hose. She came out of her funk sputtering and choking from the water that
blasted up and down her bare body, cleaning away the vomit as well as rousing
her for more torment. She hardly had time to focus her eyes before the next dart
crashed into her chastity belt, reminding her that he still had more darts to
hurl at her. She could not recall how many darts he had left. While she was
trying to recreate what had happened up to now, the next dart sank into her
belly, a fraction of an inch above the top bar of the chastity belt. "I call
that a legitimate cast; he has one to go." Bram announced.  Chloe's heart sank
when she heard those words. Then her nipple seemed to explode as the last dart
buried itself into the center of the black circle that Bram had made just before
the contest began. Chloe screamed herself hoarse as the pain stayed at a level
that she could not comprehend. When Bram yanked the three darts from her body,
Chloe once more retreated into darkness.

	It took another session with the fire hose for Chloe to return to the
game. Now she faced another man who she knew nothing about. His first toss bit
into the the sensitive flesh of her inner thigh, but was judged to be an honest
try. However when the second dart found her belly, an inch above the top of her
chastity belt, Bram shook his head and smiled. Now down to three darts he got
serious and drilled two straight into her cage, both bouncing out,but leaving a
nasty bruise behind from the way the metal dug into her flesh. She knew from the
look in his eyes that he was going to put the final dart into her bare body. She
thrashed against her bonds to give him less of a target, but he only grinned and
nailed her breast, the very same one that had been struck before. She howled in
agony from the strike and even louder when Bram took the dart out very slowly,
rocking it from side to side as he moved to free it from her tit meat. Now all
that remained was to somehow survive whatever trick Adele was planning to spring
on her.

	When Adele stepped to the line, she was joined by two men who had been
occupied with Honey when the contest began. Chloe didn't know what to make of
this arrangement. She looked over to where Bram Bareback stood and she knew she
was in deep trouble. He was grinning broadly and nodding his head as he spoke.
"There is nothing in the rules, as I interpret them, that says only one person
has to shoot at any given time. As long as the other rules are followed, I am
allowing these three people to shoot at the same time. However in order to keep
track of who has done what to whom, the three sets of darts are marked with
different colored dots. Let the contest continue."

	Chloe closed her eyes and waited for the first volley of darts to
strike. It was a nightmare. One stuck her chastity belt, another sank into one
of her tits and the third scored a direct hit on her navel. They all hit within
a fraction of a second of each other and the effect on the young agent's nervous
system was awesome. Even as she was reacting to the first fusillade, a second
wave of darts struck her, one penetrating into her cunt meat as the other two
bounced harmlessly off the metal cage. The next two collective casts caused
little actual pain, but the damage to Chloe's mind was considerable. The fifth
salvo was staggered so that each dart struck a second or so after the previous
hit. One managed to pierce the cage and bit into one of her cunt lips. The two
darts now protrudng from her pubic region reduced the target area somewhat, a
small blessing. The last volley consisted of only one dart hurled by Adele. It
found her armpit and the pain was scalding, but at least she had survived.

	Unfortunately there still was the challenge associated with enduring the
six free darts aimed at any portion of her anatomy from point blank range. She
could not imagine what it would feel like to be struck by one of those titanium
tipped darts moving an some incredible velocity. Chloe became hysterical when
Bram opened the chastity belt, exposing her genitals to those vicious
projectiles. Bram and the victor had a brief conversation and he made another
announcement that froze her blood.

	The winner had chosen to target her cunt for his first three darts and
then he would use his final darts in an attempt to penetrate her anus. To make
it more sporting he would fire his missiles from the standard distance, but in
return her cunt lips would be taped to her thighs to expose her cunt totally to
his darts and her buttocks would also be spread and taped to present a decent
target for his final three casts. Chloe began to seriously question her ability
to mentally survive the torments that they continued to come up with. No matter
what she did, they always seemed to be at least one step ahead of her.

	Except for one diehard who was tirelessly fisting Honey's ruined birth
canal, everyone in the room had gathered around Chloe's naked body to witness
the winner of the dart throwing contest collect his prize. Adele had just
finished making sure that the combination of surgical glue and tape would hold
Chloe's labia securely to her inner thighs. It was now possible to actually see
into her fully exposed vaginal duct. Bram glanced up at Chloe and gave her a
sardonic smile before giving the man approval to make his first three casts. His
first throw, delivered with breathtaking speed struck dead center deep within
her fleshy cavity, bringing a bellow of agony from the young agent as the
sensitive tissue was brutally skewered by the dart. There was a burst of
applause and some cheers as the group saluted his skill. The back of the dart
poked from her cunt, shielding part of her sensitve channel from further damage.

	He did not seem bothered at all by the position of the first dart. This
was not billiards, there was another equally valuble target remaining, one that
would challenge his skill. Chloe was screaming her head off from the effect of
that first terrible strike. She had no idea that he would select another area
when she was so open and so vulerable to his darts. His second dart actually
pierced her stretched cunt lip and slammed into the soft flesh of her mons.
Chloe's voice cracked as she reacted to this new pain with a shreik that wavered
as the pain surged through her pubic area.

	Her assailant stood on his toes and took a long, hard look at her pubes,
before taking his stance. He moved smoothly, almost as if he was skating, and
released the dart wth a whip cracking arm motion. It ripped through the fleshy
hood of Chloe's clit and buried its titanium tip deep inside that super
sensitive nexus of all things sexual in her very being. Chloe's eyes appeared to
be popping from their sockets and her throat muscles strained to release some of
the pent-up agony that was beginning to explode from her torn sex button, but no
sound came forth. Instead the young woman shuddered and passed out. The audience
was stunned at this display of cruelty and skill. There was a silence that
allowed all to hear the squishing sound made by the fist that was working its
way up against Honey Connover's cervix so it could resume punching away against
the wall of tissue guarding her uterus.

	Chloe awoke to pain that was constant. The first three darts had done
some terrible damage to her pubic region. It took her a moment to understand
that while she had been out of it, they had turned her body so that she was now
facing away from the man. This was an even worse situation to be in, for now she
could not even begin to prepare herself for the darts as he released them toward
her. It also sank in that her ass cheeks were being held apart; she could feel
the coolness of the air on her anus, his target of opportunity.

	She tried to climb out of her skin as the first dart ripped into the
widened cleft between her cheeks, burying itself only a fraction of an inch away
from the entrance to her rectum. She heard the man curse as he realized that he
had barely missed his target. She involuntarily clenched her cheeks, but found
that they were taped too tightly to respond. She was on the verge of becoming
hysterical and everything was beginning to spin. It was getting difficult to
concentrate, all she could think about was what kind of pain she would expeience
if the next dart found its mark. It did and her world collapsed in on her. Later
on she found out that he had deliberately sent his final dart into the tender
region just below the bottom of her butt, but she never felt it.

	This time when she recovered consciousness Chloe found herself on the
cold concrete floor totally naked, no chastity belt, no restraints of any kind.
She could not recall the last time she was this free. Then she became aware of
the throbbing from her cunt and asshole; she now remembered the last seconds
before she had gone under, the pain that radiated from the dart that had torn
into her anus. Without thinking she moved her hands to caress her throbbing clit
and nearly fainted from the pain that tentative touch caused. The little nubbin
was swollen to at least twice its normal erect size and impossible to contact. A
jolt of pure fear went through the young agent as she thought the worst, her
clit would never be available for her pleasure again.

	 "I see that our dart board has decided to once more honor us with her
presence; we are delighted." She immediately recognized the mocking tones of
Bram Bareback and looked up into his smirking countenance. "There is a very
important job that only you can perform, so let's stand up and go over to the
table where your friend and fellow lesbian is waiting to be relieved."

	Chloe attempted to rise and discovered that the slightest movement
triggered off terrible pain in so many portions of her body that she felt
disoriented and sick to her stomach. She felt hands grasping her by the arms and
pulling her to her feet. The feeling of nausea was almost overwhelming, and the
pain was blinding. She shut her eyes tightly and made incomprehensible sounds.
Despite this feeble resistance they half carried, half dragged her over to the
table where Honey Connover lay, her lower entryways two wounds, raw and oozing a
mixture of cum, cunt juice, slime, blood and anything else that might have been
loosened or stripped away from the mucous membranes lining those two canals.

	"I'm afraid your friend is a little out of it right now, but I'm sure
she'll respond to the touch of your tongue to her cunt and asshole. Do a good
job and we'll be able to get her over to one of the other punishment stations
while you take over on the rape table for her." Chloe had a hard time focusing
on his words since she was in such pain. The young agent just stood there in a
daze, not responding to his words. The vicious slap he delivered to the side of
her face jolted her from her stupor. It was too much to bear; Chloe broke down
into a sobbing, begging shell of her former self, totally whipped, promising to
do anything rather than be strapped to that padded table so her torn and
bleeding holes could be shredded by this group of monsters.

	"Do as I say, or so help me I will have you hung by your thumbs, legs
spread wide so the dart game can be continued until you agree to my order. The
end result will be the same, you will replace your dear friend on the table and
endure whatever we can think up to do to you. No matter what happens you will
not be allowed to die, we have other plans for you once we are satisfied that
you truly belong to us body, mind and soul, if there be such a thing. Now get
busy cleaning up that traitor. She and you are a pair worthy of an eternity in
Guantanemo, being interrogated by personnel trained in the art of bringing you
to the brink of death and letting you remain there for as long as it pleases
them." Chloe shuffled towards the table to begin her task.

	She had to lean forward to get her tongue into Honey's ravaged cunt. The
first thing that struck her was the horrible stench issuing from her roomie's
oozing hole. She had smelled some odors in her time, especially back home where
dead animals that had been marinating in their own juices as the maggots
converted the flesh into liquid were a common occurance. This odor was sharp,
even bitter, if such a description made sense. Chloe tried to hold her breath
and get busy lapping up the mess that had been produced by countless hours of
raping, fisting and whatever else these fiends had come up with to torment the
blonde.

	A variety of tastes came to the fore as she began to suck up the complex
mixture that was festering inside Honey's sex slot. There was the coppery taste
of blood, she wondered how much was Honey's and how many others were responsible
for the remainder. There was that salty taste associated wth bodily fluids, be
they male or female. She remembered Honey once describing the cum she had
swallowed from one of her boyfriends as being like salty mustard. She herself
claimed to her roomie that she could pick out her particular taste from that of
others. She also remembered Honey forcing her to prove that statement by going
down on four cunts while she was blindfolded, and trying to choose which
belonged to Honey. She was correct more times than she was wrong, for they made
her perform for the better part of a day, only allowing her rare opportunities
to refresh her palate with a swish or two of some strong astringent.

	Chloe was so busy with cleaning up her friend's damaged cunt that it
took some time before she realized that the pain from her dart wounds had
subsided significantly. It took even longer for her tongue to encounter the
small plastic plug that protruded from Honey's urethra. Chloe was stunned when
she put two and two together and concluded that all during this terrible period
of rape her friend had been unable to relieve herself. These people were indeed
the monsters that she thought they were. How could they do such a thing on top
of everything else poor Honey was enduring? When she thought of what she might
undergo soon, she lost control and raised her head from between the blonde's
thighs and burst into tears.

	The first lash cut across the middle of her flat ass, creating a vicious
welt. Two more swiftly followed, making her cry out from the pain. " Get back to
swamping out that pig's cunt, or I'll take the skin off your skinny ass!" Chloe
recognized Adele's voice; she was monitoring this activity and was not happy
with Chloe's performance. Like a cowed animal Chloe hunkered down and resumed
sucking the foul contents from the blonde's sodden slit. After a seeming
eternity, Adele pronounced herself satified with the job Chloe had done, but she
was not finished by any stretch of the imagination.

	Chloe stood beside the table and watched Adele insert a narrow hose into
Honey's fucked out maw, and then attach it to a small pump which soon began
transferring the inaccessible portion of the mess that had been created inside
the blonde's fuck tunnel into a glass tube. When all of it had been collected,
Adele presented it to Chloe and ordered her to drink every bit of it. Chloe
complied as if she was in a trance. She chugged the horrid mixture down without
any sign of emotion. " Now you're learning; there may yet be hope for you. Now
get busy and start sucking all that nasty gunk from your lesbian friend's
asshole, and be quick about it. We have much planned for the two of you, and if
you cause any delay you will wish one of those darts had struck you in the
heart."



				(To be continued)  




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


				          Chapter 9


	Chloe sucked and licked, working her tongue further and further into
Honey's ruined asshole. The odors that she smelled were similar but not
identical to what she had encountered as she worked inside her friend's cunt.
There was a new taste that she picked up quickly; she tried not to think about
this for fear that she might become sick to her stomach. Every so often she
would be reminded of Adele's presence as the strap or whip she was using cut
into her ass. Soon Chloe's tongue could go no further into that torn up tunnel
that she used to lovingly stretch with her favorite strap-on as her blonde
roomie urged her to go deeper and do her harder. How could they have come to be
in this concrete hell at the mercy of a group of sadists who reveled in their
pain and utter humiliation? Again her musings were interrupted by yet another
vicious blow from her captor.

	Bram Bareback walked over to where Chloe stood, bent at the waist, her
bottom bearing the fresh welts that crisscrossed the pale flesh. "Hurry her up,
the contestants are getting restless. I don't know how long they can remain
patient. Perhaps we may have to put agent Starkers back on the firing line if
she doesn't finish up in short order." Chloe's flood froze at the mention of
"the firing line". She would not be able to survive another round with that
monster who had hurt her so badly.

	The agent heard Adele making a suggestion that indicated there was more
to this little exercise in degradation than she had anticipated. "I suppose she
can take care of emptying her little friend's bladder for her while I suck out
the rest of the gunk from that whore's asshole."

	She remembered the plastic bung she had encountered while she was
swamping out her cunt. How foolish of her not to realize that everything that
they did to either her or Honey was designed to further abuse and degrade them.
It was a truncated version of brainwashing, and it seemed to be working as far
as Chloe was concerned. How else could she rationally explain her ability to
tongue out that combination of semen, blood, mucous and shit that filled Honey's
asshole without throwing up?

	"Don't spill a drop or you'll be back on the firing line for at least a
couple of rounds." Adele's threat was not necessary. The agent knew that any
type of disobedience would result in even worse pain and humiliation than what
she was experiencing. She waited as Adele used a small forecep to remove the
plug that prevented Honey from urinating. Chloe quickly locked her mouth to her
roomie's piss hole and began swallowing the powerful stream of bodily wastes
that had been filtered out by her kidneys.

	It had a strong and very acrid taste, but compared to what Chloe had
been dealing with this was minor. Midway through this little exercise in
degradation it dawned on Chloe that she had taken another step down into the
depths. Here she was drinking piss from her lover's bladder and almost enjoying
it because of what she had been doing previously. On an absolute scale what she
was doing would have sickened at least ninety-nine out of a hundred, or was it
nine hundred and ninety-nine out of a thousand people? Did it really matter?
Chloe dissolved into tears, but continued to gulp down Honey's piss.

	By the time Honey's distended bladder had been drained Adele was ready
with a small flask of a cloudy mixture that she had suctioned out from the
depths of Honey's asshole. "Now drink up and be quick about it, you have
customers waiting impatiently to fuck you to a frazzle, and your friend has some
angry dart throwers that are not going to cut her any slack by the time she's
strung up and ready to go." Without thinking about what she was doing, Chloe
gulped down the viscous offering. Once again she was reminded about how far down
the chain of humanity she had fallen when she found herself thinking that it
would have been better if she could have drained Honey's bladder after drinking
this mess. At least while she was being gang raped she wouldn't have this
particular taste in her mouth, a constant reminder of this latest form of
humiliation  that she had been subjected to.

	Adele and Bronwyn had just finished strapping Chloe down to the modified
gyno examination table. Her legs were spread wide, feet locked into the stirrups
that came out like a pair of wings. The table had been cranked into a position
that elevated her pelvis and made it easy to access either her cunt or asshole.
It was then that Bram made another appearance, making Chloe's heart sink. She
knew this meant something even worse than her impending gang rape was about to
occur.

	Bareback was all smiles, another very bad sign. "Look what I have for
you agent Starkers." he said with a malicious smile. He held up a set of folding
mirrors locked into a metal frame. He inserted this device into a portable
stanchion that overhung the table to which she was strapped. He made some
adjustments to the mirrors and Chloe was now  able to view another area of this
large room. It was currently empty. "This way when you get bored with being
bored, if you'll pardon the play on words, you can watch the progress of the
little dart game that will be featuring your blonde lesbian friend." Chloe felt
as if she had been stabbed in the heart. Was there no limit to his cruelty?

	Before she could recover from this terrible shock he sprang another ugly
surprise. "I just know that Honey will be delighted to see you and to know that
you've been the one to not only clean her out and drain her bladder, but you'll
be her replacement on the rape table. I'm sure she'll be so very grateful."
Without further words he tore the leather hood from Honey Connover's head.

	The beautiful blonde blinked her eyes as she tried to adjust to the
bright lights. She shook her head slowly from side to side and then up and down
as if to relieve the tension in her neck. "Oh my god! Oh my god! It's you, I'm
so sorry, I'm so very sorry.. They made me tell, they made me do it...I'm so
sorry" Chloe had no idea what her roomie was talking about. She shut her eyes
and wished that she could do the same with her ears. What was coming from
Honey's mouth made no sense at all. She heard Bram chuckling and telling Honey
to come along as her presence was required before the game could start.

	For nearly four hours Chloe was raped almost nonstop. Each member of the
group took at least one turn on her helpless body, mercilessly skewering one or
both of her holes. By far the worse damage done to the young agent was from the
trio of women. Unlike the men, their rubber and plastic replicas of some of the
largest cocks in porn never got soft. They were only limited by their stamina,
and unfortunately for Chloe, Bronwyn and Char were in top physical condition and
the blonde woman from HR used her impressive knowlege of a woman's internal sex
organs to do major damage with minimal exertion. 

	On her first turn, Bronwyn spent nearly twenty-five minutes between
Chloe's thighs jamming her monster-sized piece of hard rubber deep inside the
helpless female and gradually stretching the walls of her battered cunt until
she was almost too loose to be used by the men. Char let a group of men have a
turn on the helpless agent before she stepped up and rammed Big Bertha home with
a grunt and a promise that she would tear her cunt apart before she was done
with her this night. However when Barbara, the blonde from HR, corkscrewed her
custom designed pussy punisher with the folded serated wings into Chloe and
pressed the button at the base to release them, Chloe thought she was going to
die in the next few minutes.

	That area of her fuck tunnel was now distended by the wings which were
slowly digging into its mucous lining. Barbara gave Chloe an evil grin and
flexed her hips slightly. To Chloe it felt as if someone was ripping her cunt to
pieces. The agent panicked and in her effort to rid herself of this terrible
pain, she only added to the agony she was experiencing. Her screams were
deafening, so loud and terrible in tone that even the dart players paused to see
what was going on. All they saw was the grinning blonde with her hands on
Chloe's hips, smiling down on the agent as Chloe thrashed around in agony.

	Three times Barbara ripped away portions of Chloe's fuck tunnel and by
the time she pulled the blood covered dildo from Chloe's cunt the agent was
unconscious. The physician who was on duty to make sure that the two women
survived this torture marathon attended to her wounds and cautioned Barbara
about overdoing things. Bram Bareback was a little more forceful, threatening to
have her take Chloe's place on the rape table if she damaged her to the point
that she could no longer be used by the group.

	 Even as Chloe was being tortured to beyond her limits by the trio of
women, the men were not standing by idly. While this initial agonizing assault
was going on, a number of the men clambered onto the table and fucked her throat
raw. They seemed to be having a contest to see who could force the most cock
down her throat, a process that left her devoid of any way to draw breath. More
than once during this first few hours of torment Chloe passed out with her
throat blocked with a hard length of cock. It got to the point that someone was
assigned to make sure that the agent didn't choke to death from this brutal
treatment.

	In parallel Honey Connover was suffering horribly at the hands of others
who were now being given the chance to ruin her breasts and ass with those
fiendishly constructed darts. Initially the blonde was hung by her big firm
tits, noosed with heavy rope that quickly cut off all blood circulation to them.
Within a few minutes those rounded mounds of firm titmeat had swelled and begun
to turn colors until she appeared to have two blue-black bowling balls growing
from her chest. To make sure that only her tits were in play, the rest of her
body was protected by layers of the same type of material used to provide
protection against bullets and the like. Since Bram wanted everyone to be able
to hear Honey's screams as she was riddled with darts, a piece of plywood was
used to prevent any dart from striking her face or neck.

	Unless she was being throat fucked, Chloe had no choice but to watch her
lover suffer the torments of the damned as dart after dart buried itself in what
was once a set of marvelous breasts. The rules of the game had been changed
since Chloe had served as the target. Now the women were throwing from much
closer than the men and everyone had six darts to throw every time they toed the
line, since there were no penalties for missing those bloated targets. Bram also
changed the requirement about how many darts could be embedded in Honey's
breasts before they had to be removed. At one time the beautiful blonde had six
darts buried in each black bag of swollen flesh, red rivulets dripping and
trickling down from her bleeding breasts to make the circuitous path to her feet
and finally add to the puddle growing beneath her trembling body.

	The volume of Honey's screams and shrieks was a good indicater of how
deep and where in her breast the dart had landed. When one lucky cast sent a
dart dead center into one of her nipples her voice cracked from the screams she
produced. Once again when the sidearmer took his turn, Honey tried to come out
of her skin as he drilled three darts into each of her areola. They went so deep
that Bram had to exert himself to remove them when her breast had been filled to
their limit.

	Once the doctor had certified Chloe as being able to be raped once
again, the men arranged things so that four or five of them in a row could take
turns raping her tired, tattered asshole until it bled. They seemed to get a
kick out of pulling their cocks from her asshole and displaying the bloody mess
coating their dicks. Usually the men would then climb onto the table and force
Chloe to suck and lick off the blood and other matter that coated their spent
cocks. Some men preferred to don heavy walled condoms that in turn were coated
with harsh chemicals designed to dry up and irritate the lining of her rectal
passage while they were sodomizing her. Chloe's screams began to match those
coming from Honey.

	After a time only the true aficionados and aficionadas devoted to the
complete destruction of Chloe's sex organs, both internal as well as external,
remained in the vicinity of the table. Bronwyn and her friend, Char, now
concentrated on seeing how much damage they could do to Chloe's asshole with
their strap-ons. Barbara had wandered off to have a turn on Honey's ass which
was now the designated target for the next round of darts.

	The amount of blood Chloe was loosing from having her tender mucous
lining torn to shreds soon became cause for concern even on the part of Bram
Bareback who decreed that the bleeding should be minimized before she could be
sodomized further. The docotr tookcare of his concern by inserting a modified
cattle prod, now used as an instrument of interrogation, deep into her bleeding
asshole and using the electricity to effectively cauterize the bleeding areas.
This was done repeatedly as the efforts of the women and even some of the men to
utterly ruin her colon continued. Their objective was summed up in the statement
made by Bronwyn that she wanted to make sure that Chloe would never be able to
control her bowels once they finished with her this weekend.

	Chloe's cunt received plenty of attention as well. It became the private
preserve of the men. Now instead of her well stretched cunt taking strap-ons, it
was male fists that had taken over as the punishment of choice. Chloe screamed
continuously as her once tight channel was deformed by one fist after another,
each one making the trek toward her cervix and battering that last gate to her
uterus. After this type of treatment Chloe would never have to ever worry about
becoming pregnant again. This no doubt disappointed Bareback who thoroughly
enjoyed having Chloe constantly fearing that he or one of his cohorts would get
her in the family way.

	Things came to a head when one agent, one she had seen on occasion in
her area, pulled his fist from her gaping cunt mouth to discover that it was
covered in blood. He immediately had the young woman clean it off with her
tongue, but Bareback spotted what was going on and decreed no more fisting until
her fuck tunnel was cauterized. The doctor, who was busy getting a blowjob from
Barbara, showed the men how to use the "magic wand" as he called this tool of
the devil. They then proceeded to take turns frying Chloe's insides until she
could no longer be revived. The agent had lapsed into shock from the lengthy
ultra brutal treatment she had received.

	Bram Bareback was a wee bit annoyed at the fact that Chloe was too
distractd by what was occurring to her insides to pay any degree of attention to
what was happening to her lover. At one point Honey's ass was holding nearly
thirty darts. The "ringer", as people began to call the man with the sidearm
throwing technique, even managed a perfect bull's eye, a dart driven into her
rosebud which was still gaping from her session on the rape table. Honey had set
a new record for frequency and loudness of her screams when that missile struck
home. Bram joked that perhaps only dogs heard the final part of her keening as
her body shuddered from the terrible pain that had been inflicted. He finally
declared the dart tournament to be over and announced that the winner, who else
but the "ringer", would get the opportunity to throw six darts into Honey's
fucked out cunt, once she regained consciousness and was judged to be able to
continue by the physician.

	Both women were given a chance to recuperate from the horrible torments
that had been visited upon the pair. Bareback was doing what any good manager
would, he was conserving resources. The two agents could still provide a great
deal of entertainment to the group if allowed to rest for a few hours. Naturally
Bram's version of rest was quite a bit different from the textbook definition.
He held a meeting with the doctor and discussed using various drugs to enhance
their ability to survive the rest of the weekend. It took some negotiating on
his part, but he finally obtained a grudging agreement from the medical man to
use three different drugs on the women, with the doctor in attendance of course.
He could hardly wait to see how his two spies-to-be would react to this
treatment.

	Although neither was capable of undergoing any additional physical
torture until perhaps the next day, there still was the mental aspect of things
to consider. Bram knew that in the case of Chloe it was the mental part that
ultimately broke her will. He did have to admit that both he and his assistant,
Adele Rankine, derived just as much pleasure from the "hands on" portion of her
treatment.

	As a matter of fact he was looking forward to some quality time with
both young women, especially once they had been modified physically to make them
more appealing to members of both sexes. He was already beginning to lick his
chops at the thought of Chloe Starkers as a redhead with a set of tits and an
ass that would be the envy of any porn star. As for Honey Connover, he'd be
happy to nail her as is. The thought of an enhanced version of this blonde sex
bomb was something that he could not quite visualize at this time.

	After a short consultation with the doctor, Bram got permission to
install isolation helmets on both agents. He did however neglect to inform the
good doctor of his plan to inject them with massive doses of sex stimulants and
a derivative of meth to make their stay in the helmets a once in a lifetime
experience. He was sure he could get away with this oversight on his part since
he knew the physician had other thoughts on his mind, namely he was in a hurry
to leave since Barbara was promising him more than just a blowjob when they got
to his room.

	Once the room was cleared, he and Adele strung up the two unconscious
agents by their wrists and began wiring them into a single electrically
controlled unit. Probes were inserted into the women's cunts and assholes and
connected to the console that would control what would be transmitted to these
regions. Other delivery systems were attached to their erogenous zones such as
armpits, the hollows behind their knees, their battered and bruised tits, and of
course their clits.

	Installing helmets completed the setup. These were designed to prevent
them from any visual or aural contact with the outside world. Instead once they
were revived by other drugs, they would be bombarded by random flashes from
strobe lights that were built into the helmet as well as a variety of sounds
ranging from the roars of wild animals to the shreiks and screams that they had
produced during the first part of their torture sessions. In addition they would
be receiving subliminal messages aimed at tearing down the last vestiges of
their self-worth. This was just a taste of what they would endure later on
during their transformation period.

	Bram checked the console to make sure that everything was working as
designed. Satisfied with the results, he set the program that would control
everything that happened to the two agents for the next eight hours. He nodded
to Ms Rankine who stood between the two helmeted agents. She smiled and produced
a hypodermic needle which she used to inject both women with a powerful
stimulant that would jolt them back from where their minds had retreated to save
what remained of their sanity.

	Bareback smiled as he received a signal indicating that their higher
level brain functions had resumed. "I don't know about you, but all this sex and
violence has made me horny. Are you game for a little tumble before we go to
sleep?" he asked. Adele Rankine smiled and replied, "I never thought you'd get
around to asking. Promise that you'll tear me up good, I've been a very bad
little girl today."



				(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					Chapter 10


	The following morning Bram and Adele returned to the large gray concrete
room to see how their two captives had fared while they were gone. Beneath each
woman was a puddle of cunt juice, convincing evidence that the program that Bram
had set into motion had worked quite well. Both showed the same physical signs,
swollen cunt lips, an enlarged, crimson colored clitoris, erect nipples that
were hard as stone and a never-ending discharge of cunt cream that over the
night had formed the puddles beneath each woman's dangling feet. Even as they
watched Honey shuddered through another massive orgasm, her skin pebbling and
ripples of muscular contractions dancing over her flesh.

	He examined the data that had been collected in the past eight hours. It
provided a complete picture of how they had responded to the electrical
stimulation of their erogenous zones. Depending on how this procedure was
applied it could be used as a method of either controlling or disciplining the
subject, be it male or female. For his own reasons Bareback was very interested
in the ability of this procedure to trigger sympathetic orgasms if more than one
subject was tied into the program. This data was also of great interest to the
agency's scientists who had developed this technique.
 
	Neither agent had been exposed to the process for enough time to create
any permanent behavioral modifications. Bram knew that some "volunteers" had
undergone as much as two hundred hours of treatment before new personality
imprints began to develop. He also knew that if these two were found wanting
when it came to their next assignment, they would probably become laboratory
subjects and he'd never hear of them again. Adele could not resist tormenting
Chloe; the young agent held some kind of an attraction for her and so she
captured Chloe's fat clitoris between thumb and forefinger and began squeezing.
The agent bucked through a series of orgasms as Adele teased her hot button
unmercifully.

	Bram had been reading the file summary and he smiled as he saw the many
jagged upticks in both agents' blood pressure, respiration, heartbeat and skin
potential, the mark of an orgasm. He was not skilled enough to determine the
magnitude of these responses, but from the looks of the women's sweat covered
bodies and the more obvious signs of constant sexual arousal, he was sure that
they had been squeezing off dozens of orgasms during their stay with the
machine. The data would make some pleasant reading when he had a chance to sit
down and go through it. He was especially interested in comparing Chloe's
responses against those of the much more attractive Honey Connover. He laughed
to himself as he remembered the ad that asked the question,"Do blondes have more
fun?"

	The other members of the group as well as some new arrivals began to
wander into the room. They clustered around the two agents checking out their
naked bodies and the signs of sexual arousal that were so blatantly displayed.
"I thought we fucked all that licentiousness out of these two lesbian whores
yesterday; looks like they need another turn on the rape table." one of them
remarked, bringing a laugh from the group. "Right, and this time I have no
intentions of being a gentleman when I hammer these whores' holes", said
another. This in turn sparked some suggestions about how to properly stuff the
agents' cunts and assholes. "How about we hammer some stakes into their holes
once we're done fucking them bowlegged. That should keep them well filled, don't
you think?..... No, what we should do is stuff a balloon into each hole and hook
it up to the high pressure air until these two float up to the ceiling or
burst..... No, then we can't have any more fun with them if they blow up, that
is unless you're into cannibalism." The last remark brought a roar from the
group.

	A smiling Bram Bareback introduced a few of the new arrivals, among them
a gentleman who was on the staff of the FBI Director, but for reasons known only
to himself was introduced simply as Special Agent Victor Vlad. He was a very
tall man, quite thin, with piercing green eyes that gazed from a face that was
beginning to show the first signs of wrinkles. Despite this, he still retained a
thick head of gray hair.  According to what Bram had been told, he was here for
the expressed purpose of witnessing the effects of the "quick healing" drug that
was to given to the two women once they had been pushed to death's door today.

	Bram had heard rumors about Special Agent Victor Vlad that made him a
bit uncomfortable to be in his presence. He had recently transferred from
another agency, one so secret that only a few people at the highest level in
government were even knowledgable about its existence and function. Bram did not
know much more than that, but he was intelligent enough to realize that this
man's visit was for some other purpose that he just might be sharing with Bram
Bareback.

	After his introductions, Bram outlined what he had planned for the
remainder of the day. He had not told the group any more than it needed to know;
that they were here to punish a pair of traitors to the organization. They would
remain in the dark about the true purpose of this rape and torture session, and
why certain people such as Victor Vlad had chosen to attend this torture fest.
He began by challenging the group to do more than they had accomplished
yesterday. He pointed to the two naked agents with pussy sauce still drooling
from their swollen cunts and asked pointedly if that was the best they could do
when it came to controlling their sexual urges for each other.

	He held up a data tape and said, "According to this readout, agent
Connover experienced forty-seven orgasms since she was wired to this machine.
She accomplished this feat despite the fact that, in parallel, her senses were
being bombarded with enough random input to cause her to go into a catatonic
state. Think about that for a moment, what does it tell you?..From the looks on
your faces you appear to be stumped. Well, the answer is that for all your
bragging about your sexual prowess and the tools you used on this woman, she
still was far from satisfied at the deepest level. In short, you all failed
miserably!" There was dead silence in the room as his barbed comment sank into
those who had participated in the session yesterday.

	Bareback continued his harangue by describing what the data from agent
Starkers had produced. "This one, who on her best day, looks like a small boy
and is as queer as a three dollar bill managed to squeeze off sixty-four big Os,
that's orgasms for those of you who have never had the pleasure." As he spoke
these words Bareback stared straight into the eys of the two guards who, from
their body language, looked decidedly uncomfortable. Bram knew from the tapes
that had been made last night, that those two had spent most of their time
taking turns on top as they stayed locked in a sixty-nine position that lasted
for hours. He took a deep breath and prepared to drop the bombshell on them.

	"What's really got me going is the fact that these two lesbian traitors
also managed to simultaneously orgasm at least ten times, and that's just a
preliminary estimate; it might be double that. So it looks like all your
efforts, such as they were, had no impact on the behavior of these two traitors
to the country and our own organization. Well, let me tell you something my
friends, there will be no dart playing today. Today I want to see only two
lines, one for those doing their best to ruin the insides of these two lesbian
traitors, the other taking care of whichever one is available for a little
slicing and dicing. We'll keep going this way until the good doctor announces
that they are on the verge of death. Then we'll see how these two respond to a
new and powerful weapon in the war against terrorism. I hope by the time we take
our leave tomorrow, we all will be proud of what he have accomplished here and
be satisfied that we've collectively made a major contribution to ridding the
world of our nation's enemies."

	 Bram laughed to himself as he finished speaking. He had watched the
reaction of the medical man and his blonde lady friend who he had fucked to a
frazzle last night. They too looked a bit shaken, perhaps worrying about whether
their little tryst had created a situation that might lead to a note in their
files, the kind of black mark that would effectively keep them at their current
positions until they were forced to retire.

	Honey was unplugged and then taken down so they could put her back on
the rape table. She offered no resistance, acting as if she was in some kind of
trance, probably the result of the relentless assault on her mental faculties
that had occurred during the long night and morning she had been in the helmet.
It was an angry Char who stepped up to take her initial turn on the blonde's
asshole, which had tightened up considerably since yesterday. Meanwhile her
companion, Bronwyn, carefully climbed up onto the table and positioned herself
so she could begin ramming her strap-on down Honey's throat.

	Adele was supervising the rape table activities and she whispered to
Char "I want to see blood, lots of blood streaming out of that whore's hole and
covering your little toy as well." She grimaced and looked up to where Bronwym
was forcing her strap-on into Honey's slack mouth. "I'll be looking to make sure
she's good and blue before you're done with her; she just better not be dead, or
you will replace her on the table." The guard blanched at hearing the brunette's
threat, for she knew how well connected to Bram Bareback she was.

	Meanwhile Bareback was introducing the rest of the group to the
techniques to be used in torturing the two agents, starting with agent Starkers.
Like her compatriot, Chloe was in some kind of unnatural mental state that was
the result of her long stay in the helmet, probably compounded by the never
ending sexual stimulation she had been given. Bram had just finished supervising
the men who had secured the agent to the vertical frame by her wrists and
ankles. He had then made the adjustments to the frame that had turned the agent
into a straining column of stretched flesh.

	Sitting beside the frame, in a location that allowed her to see its
contents, was a long table holding an array of scalpels, honed to razor sharp
perfection and now ready to be used on the agent's body. He picked up a medium
sized instrument and admired its keen edge as he spoke to his audience. "This
little beauty can split a human hair as easily as we can draw breath. It is not
my intention to split hairs however; rather I am going to split the skin of this
traitor in such a way that later it can be easily separated from the flesh it
protects, thus exposing that oh so very tender region with its bundles of nerve
endings and the like to an environment it had never been designed to encounter."

	He leaned over and surveyed Chloe's body, pointing the scalpel first in
one direction and then another as the agent's eyes followed the shiny metal tool
as if hypnotized. "I think here will be a nice place to start" he said to no one
in particular. His hand guided the keen blade to her armpit. Almost gently he
stroked the blade across her pebbled flesh, leaving behind a thin line of
crimson. Chloe's scream was deafening as her skin parted. He turned to the group
and held his hands wide. "Please notice that the cut I made was only a few
inches in length. This is the standard to which I expect all to hold. Also
notice that it barely drew blood, this too is another standard for you to strive
to attain. We have the entire day and there are two canvases upon which we shall
paint; so be patient and in time you will be richly rewarded. Since our canvas
has two sides available I expect to see both being given equal attention.
Remember there is plenty of skin available and there will be many opportunities
for each of you to make her scream and beg."

	The moment Bram concluded his charge to those surrounding Chloe, two of
the men quickly made their selections and approached the agent, who by now was
shaking like a leaf in a windstorm. One made a deep cut from her nipple outward
in a jagged line. It was obvious he had never handled a tool such as the one in
his hand. It would take time for him to master this tool; time that would seem
like an eternity to the agent. The other spread Chloe's cheeks apart and ran his
blade across her swollen rosebud bringing a shreik of agony from her. Bram
arched his eyebrows, nodded his head in appreciation and gave the man a salute.

	However it was special agent Vlad who demonstrated a level of skill that
separated him quickly from all those striving to cause the agent the greatest
amount of pain. He pulled her upper lip back to reveal her teeth and gums. Many
people gasped as they watched his scalpel run across her gums, just above her
front teeth. Chloe lost control of her bladder and sprayed piss all over herself
as her body shivered from the awesome pain she was absorbing. Bram Bareback
spoke to the group as they stared in amazement at what had just transpired. "We
are in the presence of a true master, an artist with the blade. I bow to his
superior talent and urge you all to observe and learn from him. This is a once
in a lifetime opportunity you are going to have this day."

	It quickly became apparent that the focus of the group was on whoever
was stretched out upon the vertical frame. Chloe lasted two hours on her first
shift. To her it was a blessing to be allowed to take her place on the rape
table. Her body bore the marks of hundreds upon hundreds of mostly small cuts
that barely bled after they were created. Naturally her small, pancake shaped
breasts had received plenty of attention. There were dozens of cuts radiating
from each nipple which was considered to be off limits, as one over-eager
gentleman discovered.

	The one man she feared and there was good reason for that fear, was
Special Agent Vlad with his piercing green eyes and passive face. Her gums were
considered to be his private preserve and he had taken full advantage of it. His
touch was incredible, just a sting to begin with, and then a tingling feeling
that slowly grew to become a terrible ache as he continued to slit her gums down
to the teeth themselves. The initial horizontal cuts soon became a series of
vertical ones, neatly separating each tooth for whatever purpose he next
planned. To Chloe his power was mental, not physical. She found herself
gibbering mindlessly whenever he approached with his little scalpel. The
anticipation was almost as bad as the pain he created, sometimes it was worse if
his previous foray had made her wish for death.

	After a time he had begun a new project, now concentrating on her groin,
especially the juncture of her pubis and thighs. Once again no one dared intrude
on the area he had staked out. He was the alpha male of this wolf pack and all
acknowledged it. He made a series of two inch cuts that overlapped as he traced
the path around the bottom of her pubes. This particular set of cuts did not
cause the same level of pain as his previous efforts, but the stress on her
psyche was still the same, constant and very strong.

	 It wasn't until she was spread wide on the rape table that this second
front, as she thought of it, became a major source of agony, sort of an adjunct
to the raping she endured. Chloe realized at that point that she was doomed.
This old man made Bram Bareback look like an amateur when it came to delivering
pain. It hit her then that he too had a master and so on and so on. To these
people she was nothing, an insect, an annoyance, or a tool to be used and then
thrown away.

	It was the damage that had been done to her external sex organs by the
myraid cuts and even slashes that made her stay on the rape table even more
unbearable than it had been in the past. The Ringer was the first to pay his
respects. He stepped up between her spread thighs and punched her vulva,
flattening her cunt lips and making her gag. Then he jammed his fist into her
with one hard thrust, splitting her cunt lips and opening all the cuts that had
been made around the mouth of her pussy.

	She would have screamed except a second man had hopped up on the table
and jammed his cock down her throat, cutting off her air and making the cuts
inside her mouth open in some cases. While he sawed away inside her throat
rubbing it raw and bringing her closer and closer to asphixiation, the Ringer
slowly moved his closed fist up her fuck channel, making sure he stretched the
tender tube from side to side as he went. Then there was a blinding pain as he
used his other hand to pound down on her gut, hitting her in the same area as
his fist occupied. It was a brutal sensation and if she wasn't choked by the
cock that was throttling her, Chloe would have thrown up.

	Chloe passed out shortly thereafter as the result of the brutal beating
her midsection was receiving and the total plugging of her airway. She awoke to
more pain, someone had begun to ass fuck her. The numerous cuts that had been
made in the region of her sphincter muscle as well as across her anus were
reopened as the hard dick plowed through on its way to her colon. Then she saw
the blonde from HR coming towards her with an evil grin on her face. A huge
strap-on bounced from her groin with every step she took."Once he's done
loosening up that shithole, I'm going to turn your shitter inside out with this
little toy.", she said putting her hand around its bulbous head. She was true to
her word and again Chloe went back into darkness.

	She was roused with a set of vicious slaps so someone else could gag her
with his cock and spit in her face as she writhed in agony. Chloe lost all track
of time; she occasionally heard a scream from Honey who was surrounded by four
and sometimes five people, all cutting into her once flawless skin with the
wicked implements that had already been employed on Chloe. The folding mirrors
were still operating and Chloe could clearly see what was going on whenever she
wasn't being choked fucked by a cock or dildo. She vividly remembered watching
special agent Vlad slowly cut Honey's throat from ear to ear, just opening her
skin sufficiently for a thin line of blood to form. It made a horrible sight
that would stay with the young agent for many years.

	To complete her stay on the table, Bronwyn and Char managed to get her
body into a position that allowed them to simultaneously rape her cunt and
asshole, both of which were already bleeding. While Char tried to scrape the
lining from Chloe's cunt with her Big Bertha dildo, Bronwyn pumped her monster
strap-on into Chloe's asshole a few inches at a time until the agent's ravaged
rear entrance was swallowing all but an inch and Bronwyn's belly slapped against
Chloe's bleeding ass cheeks on every stroke. It was the doctor who finally had
to step in and tell them to back off. Chloe had to be dragged over to the frame
since she was too weak to even stand, let alone walk. She locked eyes with the
green-eyed fiend who gave her a hideous grimace and held up his scalpel in
welcome. Chloe knew at that point that death was her best option, and yet she
knew they would find a way to deprive her of that as well.



				(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					 Chapter 11


	Chloe's hellish existence continued. Vlad welcomed her back by opening
up a new front. The depths of depravity that this evil fiend exhibited held
everyone in awe. Most of these people were hardened warriors used to violence
and pain at a high level, but Vlad set new standards that would be discussed for
years afterwards by those who participated in this torture session.

	Chloe was unable to understand the intentions of Vlad when his scalpel
opened up a thin line between her first pair of ribs. He continued this seeming
random pattern of cuts, slicing away at her rib cage area on both sides. The
others who continued to work the areas that he allowed them to have, kept one
eye on his every move, like Chloe, trying to discover what lay in store for the
young agent. Finally to finish his preliminary work his scalpel made the long
journey down her rib cage, first one side and then the other. These long cuts
were deeper than those already decorating her rib cage.

	 By now Chloe was beginning to hyperventilate, the fear of what he
planned next driving her into this state. It was then that it became apparent
what his depraved plan was. She suddenly felt sharp pain throughout her rib cage
area, the very same area he had spent so much time carving on. Now as she took
deep breaths due to her panic, the cuts were beginning to open up and the pain
level rose. This turned into a vicious cycle of panic which led to additional
pain, which in turn led to a higher level of panic. The spiral would continue
until something even more devastating took command of the agent's consciousness.

	It was not long in coming. Vlad began to work on mutilating her feet.
What separated him from the rest of this pack of sadists was his knowledge of
the human body. It did not take a genius to home in on those very unique areas
that a woman possessed. There were the obvious ones such as her breasts,
including the nipples, her sex, both vulva and vagina, and all those delightful
areas that made up her erogenous zones. Even in this category many overlooked
the  potential for pain that existed in such mundane parts of her body as the
backs of her knees, the armpits, even the groin area which was so sensitive to a
person with the right touch. Vlad knew these as well as many others. It was
these others that he was demonstrating to his compatriots.

	Chloe was on the verge of losing her mind as the spiraling pain-panic
cycle built to a climax. Now there was this new pain to contend with; it came
from the spaces between her toes, as his blade slit the webbing connecting each
from the other. Four cuts on each foot and Chloe was a gibbering mass of
conflicting emotions, none of them positive or rational. Then he returned to her
toes and the level of pain rose dramatically, for now his little razor sharp
instrument was cutting the tender flesh that resided just at the nail boundary.
These cuts were made a bit deeper and done very slowly to maximize her agony. He
had achieved his objective, this new pain now dominated her world despite the
widening of those myriad cuts that had been made between her ribs. Chloe was now
in the lowest circle of hell, her limits had been reached.

	Unfortunately for the agent, Vlad had become bored with her as a subject
for this type of pain and he bid her farewell by suddenly moving to her vulva
and slicing open the protective hood guarding her clitoris with one swift, sure
stroke of his blade. For a second Chloe could not feel anything, than a wall of
agony fell upon her and she was in darkness. When she awoke she was once more
strapped to the rape table and the first person she saw was a grinning Bram
Bareback. Then her heart stopped, because standing beside him was that
green-eyed monster who had driven her to near madness. Chloe became hysterical,
her screams echoing throughout the room, playing a counterpoint to the shrieks
issuing from Honey Connover as a group of novice surgeons busily cut away
portions of the flesh between her ribs and toes.

	Bareback and Vlad were chatting like old friends, the special agent
smiling and nodding as Bram described the techniques he'd used to break Chloe's
spirit. Then Vlad made some observations about Chloe's mental state and
mentioned a new piece of equipment that he wanted to test on her since she was
close to being unsuitable for further torture. Bram was beside himself with glee
at the prospect of not only being able to witness her total disintegration as a
person, but gaining some cachet with the organization from his relationship with
this very special agent.

	Chloe could even make out some of the words that went back and forth,
but they made little sense. She heard "mechanical
pump....repetition....inversion....cycling to failure", none of it meant
anything to the weakened young woman who was near death, even if she didn't
realize it as yet. She heard the sound of something being wheeled towards her
bed of agony; then she saw it.

	It was a rather innocuous piece of black metal with a pair of tubes
attached to ports on its sides. Had she been able to get a closer look she would
have seen the metal coils within the tubing. Still this probably would have
meant little to her, but to Vlad and Bram Bareback, her supervisor, it was the
ultimate torture machine for field interrogation.

	The machine had a self contained power supply that allowed it to be run
for one hundred  hours before it needed to be recharged. It was capable of
delivering temperatures of up to 100 Celsius, the boiling point of water, and
lowering the temperature of any particular liquid medium to well below the
freezing point of water. This was accomplished by passing the medium, be it
liquid or gas, over the coils which supplied the heat or cold. In another mode
the pump could pull a hard vacuum, down to perhaps a pascal, more than
sufficient for any imaginable need when it came to torturing a person.

	The presence of the special agent drew a group of curious onlookers,
eager to witness more of his incredible penchant for cruelty. Chloe could only
watch and wait for whatever new torments to which he would subject her. She had
little time to prepare herself, for he produced a pair of half spheres made from
a transparent material. Each had a fitting in the center which allowed them to
be attached to the twin hoses that ran from the machine. "Perhaps you'd like to
see what agent Starkers will look like after some reconstructive surgery, that
is if she survives this little demonstration." Vlad said as he placed the
spheres over her breasts which were a bit below average in size, but well shaped
according to many of the women who had had the pleasure of kissing and nibbling
them. "We'll start this at room temperature to show how merely cycling her tits
can cause terrible pain; watch closely." For some odd reason Chloe focused on
the blonde woman from HR who watched raptly.

	There was no noise, just a quiet hum as the machine sprang to life.
Chloe gasped in shock and then pain as her breasts grew large and then shrank
back to normal. Vlad smiled down at her and she knew something horrible was
about to happen. It suddenly felt as if a giant hand was trying to tear her
breasts from the muscles holding them to her chest. It wasn't one strong tug, it
was a series of yanks that grew stronger and faster in a matter of seconds. She
started to scream in terror and pain as it felt as if the machine was about to
literally tear them from her body. She began to pound her head against the table
in hopes of knocking herself senseless, but failed. Then abruptly the sensation
of pressure and pain disappeared. The face of the blonde woman was contorted and
drool was actually dripping from her lips as she stared, transfixed, at what she
had just witnessed. Chloe knew that the blonde's panties, if she wore any, were
soaking wet from the experience.

	Vlad decided that Chloe needed some time to recover her equilibrium
before she was exposed to another facet of the machine's capability. He wiled
away the moments by describing the experience his section had with a test
subject. "Our subject was a woman in her late thirties who was extremely well
endowed. She worked in the embassy of a nation that shall remain nameless and we
were aware of her true function. Miss Double D as we called her, for obvious
reasons, proved to be very resistant to our normal methods of interrogation.
However after an hour attached to the machine she gladly told us all we wanted
to know."

	"As it turned out, our subject had a strong streak of masochism which
enabled her to last as long as she did. We noticed that she had at least four
very powerful orgasms while the machine pumped her breasts flat and then
reinflated them to an even larger size before starting the process all over.
Towards the end, the cycle time was approximately thirty seconds. Naturally she
was stark naked during this procedure and other appliances were working on other
portions of her anatomy in concert with the machine."

	"During her post interrogation interview she described the machine as
the most fantastic experience she had ever had. This was high praise indeed,
coming from a masochistic woman who had already displayed an extremely high
threshold for pain. She likened the machine to a pair of five hundred pound
babies suckling from her breasts. The sensations became so intense toward the
end that she realized that within a matter of minutes she would likely suffer a
severe heart attack. So it definitely was the machine that broke her resistance,
which was a giant step in our effort to fully develop its total capabilities. In
fact, agent Starkers is the first woman to finally experience the machine full
up with all susbsystems active and available. It should be very interesting to
see how long she lasts before her heart gives out."

	The story coupled with his last comment about her impending heart attack
drove the young agent into another frenzy of fear. The doctor was called over to
give her a sedative and then special agent Vlad sprayed her face with an aerosol
that would heighten her senses, balancing out the sedative, but now making her
able to endure much of what would follow. Now almost everyone was crowded around
Chloe except for the Ringer who was trying to go Vlad one step further as he
worked to remove Honey Connover's clitoral hood.

	Vlad made a few minor adjustments to the black box and then gave Chloe
another taste of its capabilities. This time smaller cups were fastened to her
areolas. The machine hummed to life and the agent was treated to alternating
bursts of heat and cold as her nipples grew to gigantic size. The sensations
were discordant, her mind was barely able to keep up with the conflicting
signals that raced through her synapses. Gradually the pain began to dominate
and Chloe's cries grew louder and more shrill as her nipples burned from both
the cold and the heat. There were excited comments and gasps from the group of
onlookers as the agent's nipples turned red, then crimson, and finally purple
before Vlad relented and turned the device off. By then Chloe was exausted from
screaming and reacting to the mixed messages she received continuously as she
was tortured. Another rest period was in order.

	Vlad leaned down so only Chloe could hear what he said. "I will let you
choose my dear. Will it be your sore clit or that very, very sensitive pisshole
that feels the next little dose of stimulation? Take your time and mull it over.
I personally would love to see how much punishment that bladder of yours can
really take, but you may have other ideas. Please let me know before we begin,
or I shall have to use it on both of those tender spots." Chloe was speechless,
her mind straining at its weakened moorings to reality.

	Minutes later Vlad cleared his throat to get everyone's attention and
announced, "What will it be my dear, your bladder or clit? I'll count to three
and then I'll decide for you, if need be; one..two..three! Too bad agent
Starkers, you lose. I choose both....simultaneously!" The onlookers clapped and
some even shouted praise for his brilliant choice. Char and Bronwyn moved
closer, their eyes glittering with anticipation. Even the Ringer came over to
join them, his job completed.

	He held up the severed hood of flesh that he had just amputated from
Honey's clit so that Chloe could see it. "Too bad your friend passed out. The
doc says she's on the verge of going into a coma, so he won't let me perform
surgery on her anymore today, how very sad." His words had no meaning to Chloe
in her present state of mind. The aerosol had boosted her senses to the point
that she was trying to assimilate everything she saw, heard and felt at the same
time, bringing her mind close to overloading from the excessive stimulation it
was receiving.

	Two small cups were fitted over the entrance to her bladder and onto her
exposed clit and its split hood. Vlad tinkered with the controls and explained
to the crowd that this particular torture was a first and would involve almost
all of the separate functions that the machine was capable of operating in
parallel. "Unfortunately this portion of the device was not available to us when
we put Double D through her paces afterward to make sure that what she provided
was accurate in all details. After I finish this phase of the testing, I'll give
you all the gory details which will act as an introduction to what I hope Chloe
will be able to take after this little tiptoe through the tulips." His attempt
at humor rather usrprised Bram Bareback, who mentally filed this observation
away for future reference.

	The special agent had programmed the machine to alternately deliver a
heated and then supercooled oil to Chloe's bladder, pumping each into her until
it held its maximum capacity which would be determined by a tiny sensor that was
embedded into her bladder prior to the admission of the oil. The next part of
the program called for the pump to empty Chloe's bladder of the oil and then
substitute the second version.

	In parallel the machine would pump the air from the region around the
young agent's clit to make it enlarge and come completely free of the lacerated
hood. Once this was achieved the tube connected to her clit would begin to pump
alternating loads of heated and cooled gas to the sensitive nubbin of flesh.
After a set interval of time elapsed, the two competing processes would switch
and thus her bladder and clit would now react to an entirely different set of
torments. As a goal he planned to give Chloe a ten minute session before
allowing her time to recuperate so she could be tortured again. If all went well
she would undergo the final portion of her ordeal until such time as she could
no longer physically meet the demands on her nervous system.

	There were many in the group who could not fully understand what would
be occurring and how it came to pass, but they uniformly were eager to see the
young agent writhing in agony as she was driven to the brink, and perhaps over
the edge into madness. The blonde from HR was positively dripping at the
prospect of seeing this young woman torn to pieces by this cold, impersonal
piece of machinery. To Bronwyn it was a fantasy come true. Few realized just how
much she hated those young women who lorded it over her at the complex. She knew
deep down that they were not as good as she and it gave her a thrill to have
this opportunity to see two of them brought so low. Strangely enough it was
Adele who was the only one among them who felt any sympathy for the situation
Chloe found herself in at the moment.

	Adele Rankine relived the time when she too was the center of attention
of a group of torturers, all eager to break her will and make her grovel. Like
Chloe and Honey, she too leaned strongly toward the lesbian side of the ledger
and was proud of that fact. By the time they had finished with her she had moved
dramtically toward the center of things and relationships sexual. She became the
willing assistant and slave to her current supervisor, Bram Bareback, who still
to this day enjoyed having her gang raped on occasion just to demonstrate his
control over her.

	As soon as the machine went into its programmed routine, Chloe began
screaming her lungs out. At first the dominant source of pain came from her clit
and its lacerated hood, as the protective flesh was stripped away, while her
clitoris became crimson and swollen as it grew larger from the pressure
differential that had been developed by the initial pump-down. When the
supersensitive nubbin of sex flesh began to experience the wildly varying
temperatures delivered by the gas loads she nearly lost her voice from
shreiking.

	Possibly due to the sedative, it took a few minutes before she began to
appreciate the pain that was involved in the abrupt filling and emptying of her
bladder. The tough elastic bag began to lose its ability to reshape itself as
quickly as the loads that were being put on it. The pain became overwhelming as
her bladder slowly began to fail. There was an excited murmur that grew as the
heated and cooled oils began to show signs of blood from that narrow inch and a
half channel separating the opening of her urethra and her bladder.

	The first switch-over nearly drove Chloe to madness; her mind became a
scrambled mess as her synaptic paths overloaded and she could no longer match
the pains to their sources. For a second her bladder felt as if it had been set
afire, then a moment later it was her clit that suffered the agonies of
frostbite. Finally her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she passed out.
Vlad uttered a few choice curses as he terminated the routine. He quickly
regained his composure, not wishing to show any weakness to these people. "It
looks as if our subject is a lot further gone than the good doctor had
estimated." As he spoke, Vlad stared fixedly at the squirming medical man who
realized that he was to bear the brunt of any failure to keep the young agent
alive.

	The harried physician quickly came to see what state Chloe was in,
checking her pulse, respiration and listening to her heart beat. He muttered to
himself and then informed Bram Bareback that the agent was failing fast and
could not endure very much more without becoming permanently harmed or worse.
Since Bram's plans for Chloe extended well beyond what was going on this
weekend, he was strongly motivated to do the best he could to refrain from
putting her in harm's way today. On the other hand this green-eyed monster
disguised as a man did not seem to view Chloe in the same way as Bareback did.

	The supervisor decided to have a private discussion with Vlad to
determine Chloe's fate. To his surprise and great relief Vlad seemed to be a
most understanding listener. Then when Bram was finished, he gave him a grim
smile and asked about using the "quick healer" drug as a backup in the event
that his next little treatment took her over the line betweeen life and either
severe, permanent damage to her mind and body, or death. Bram became very
nervous at this condition; the drug was still in its experimental phase and
there was much that was still a mystery about the way it worked and whether it
was a universal or selective answer to many yet untested physical traumas.

	"Think of it; if it can bring these agents back from where I have placed
them, then I will become a strong proponent for additional funding to bring this
drug into the mainstream as far as the agency is concerned. You should be
willing to take this risk. It costs you nothing except time and the loss of two
agents who seem to be of dubious value to the organization. Trust me, my way is
the wiser for both your career and the very interesting technology that you seem
to be developing." Bram bowed his head in a sign of acceptance of the special
agent's logical arguments and the power he wielded at the highest level of the
agency.

	Acting as if nothing had happened Vlad launched into his story about the
test subject and her second encounter with the machine. He held everyone in the
palm of his hand as he continued his little expose'.

	"A few weeks after the first interrogation we brought Double D back for
a follow-up session to make sure that she hadn't forgotten something of
importance. This time we used another version of our prototype device; it could
deliver a hard vacuum within a matter of twenty seconds and it had the
additional capability of being able to pump a special colloidal substance in and
out of the subject at a rapid rate. The total cycle time, I recall, was
something of the order of thirty seconds to deliver and remove nearly a liter of
material."

	"We began by using the hard vacuum on her lower intestines. Great care
had to be exercised to avoid rupturing her colon or any other section of the
intestinal wall. She managed to take nearly thirty minutes of this treatment
with a number of rest periods to regain her senses and answer a few detailed
questions to demonstrate her command of the information that she provided
earlier. During this testing period our subject did manage to squeeze off a
couple of orgasms that were exceptional in strength and duration. By this time
her rectum had been almost completely inverted and had taken on the appearance
of a baboon's ass, swollen and crimson in coloration. It took nearly forty-eight
hours before her colon returned to its prior state."

	"Next we hooked her vagina up to the device and gave her a ten minute
run. She became comatose intially due to the pain that as induced by the
submicroscopic particles abraiding the walls and other regions of her vagina.
Drugs were used to rouse her and she was questioned as before, providing the
same general information. Just to be sure we put her back on the machine and
gave her another ten minute dose. At the end she was blowing blood bubbles from
her vagina and there was no evidence of any sexual arousal, another major
breakthrough for the device."

	His little story had aroused many of those who heard it, especially
among the men. Bronwyn was the only woman who owned up to being sexually excited
by the prospect of torturing a naked woman with a device of this type and in
this brutal a fashion. Secretly she was hoping that Chloe and her blonde friend
might somehow be subjected to this form of delicious depravity, but that was not
to be for very long.

	At Bareback's request, the physician gave Chloe an injection that
brought her around. She still was groggy and reacted weakly when the suction cup
was placed over her sphincter. Vlad made some adjustments and looked up at the
crowd with a smile that seemed more like a grimace. Almost immediately her
rectum inverted and began to form a red mushroom-like column of flesh that
flowered as the result of the rapid application of the vacuum and then the
equally rapid decompression that resulted as the vacuum was released. It did not
take many cycles before as much of her intestines as could be diverted through
her anus surfaced. To Chloe it felt as if a massive fist was beating against her
sensitive rectum from the inside. She was unable to handle the pain despite the
drugs she had been given, and quickly lapsed into unconsciousness. Vlad let the
machine run for a few more seconds before killing it. Chloe's future on this
plane of existence was now in the hands of the fates.



				(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


				       Chapter 12



	Chloe's cold, blue skinned body was wheeled from the room. Many of the
people who were still busy tormenting Honey stopped long enough to watch her
corpse-like form being removed. Soon they would once more be entertained by the
sight of the buxom blonde being brought as close to death as was possible by the
terrible machine that the green-eyed special agent had used to nearly end
Chloe's life.

	Bram Bareback was not as confident as he had acted while Chloe was being
driven to the edge, and perhaps beyond. He was not a scientist and his knowledge
of the "quick healer" drug was merely superficial. There had been many meetings
that he had sat through listening to the men in the white coats, as he described
the technical people, describe the properties of the various neurotransmitters
that comprised the drug that offered such great promise.

	To date it had shown startling results, in some cases, that it could
indeed halt pain, could cause the symptoms of shock to disappear and bring
people back from the brink of death. However for every documented success, there
were twice as many failures or neutral results. Whether this latest variation
that had recently been delivered was any great improvement was moot. Chloe would
be the first test subject, and she was certainly going to be a challenge for the
drug.

	This new version was the latest in a long line of cocktails, a blend of
the three major neurotransmitters: amines, amino acids and peptides. These
components had the capability to control muscle contractions, blood circulation,
brain functions and pain. The trick was to come up with a combination that was
properly balanced, and then make them kick in at the appropriate times in the
correct sequence. The agency had spent large sums on developing computer
programs to determine all the variables that controlled the cocktails and their
behavior. This was the latest product of this effort.

	Bram stood by and watched the medical man prepare the first injection.
The instructions were to wait for a minimum of eight to a maximum of fourteen
minutes for the first injection to take effect. If all went well, Chloe's very
low blood pressure would begin to elevate towards normal and her shallow
respiration would increase dramatically. Her reflexes would begin to respond to
stimuli, but the improvement would not be substantial as yet. The special agent
paced the floor like an expectant father waiting for some sign that the drug had
begun its work to bring agent Chloe Starkers back from the brink of death.

	The young agent was in what looked to be a large crib with a number of
umbilicals running from her body to the monitors located within the main console
that provided a graphical display of her vital signs. Presently they were
uniformly low, in some cases almost zero. As the minutes dragged by they
remained constant. Eight minutes came and went. Bareback's pacing grew more
rapid as the pressure built within him. It was not the fear of losing an agent
that caused this tension, but rather the dread feeling that this one would be a
failure like so many others. At twelve minutes he was beginning to accept and
rationalize the potential failure that was only a couple of minutes away. It was
just one more small trial balloon among many. There would be others and sooner
or later, if the agency stayed the course, one would succeed.

	He heaved a sigh that was painfully audible to the attending physician
as minute fourteen elapsed. "Son of a bitch! When will I ever catch a break.
This is the pits!" No sooner were the words out of his mouth when the monitor
began to show change in the agent's vital signs. He and the doctor exchanged
tight smiles as the realization swept over them that perhaps this version would
be the one they were looking for after all.

	Bram Bareback sweated through three more injections and a little over
two hours before Chloe Starkers showed the first sign of returning to
consciousness. Her voice was low and her speech seemed to be garbled at first;
but with time they were able to make out the words that she was speaking as she
struggled to return to the world of the living. "My ribs hurt when I
breathe........Damn, what happened to my pussy?.....God it feels like I've been
fucked by a water buffalo." With these words Chloe Starkers took her place once
more in the land of the living. If he had been able, Bareback would have turned
cartwheels in his moment of pure elation; the damned drug had worked like the
boys in the white coats had hoped it would, oh so many, many months ago when
they started out on this quest for their holy grail.

	Returning Chloe to the land of the living was child's play in comparison
to the challenge that Honey Connover provided. It seems that Vlad had decided to
make the cut that went from ear to ear on his victim a bit deeper, so that every
breath caused tiny bubbles of blood to develop along the incision. He didn't
stop there, his scalpel found its way to that region separating her vagina from
her anus and he had carved that up as well. Like Chloe, Honey was introduced to
the little black machine and if anything her ordeal was even more intense and
lengthier than her predecessor. Certain regions of her breasts had literally
been made to explode by means of another attachment that fit snugly over her big
tits, but was too large to produce the same effect on Chloe's much smaller and
differently shaped breasts.

	Special agent Vlad had accompanied his victim into the small lab area,
and observed the process of hooking her up to the monitoring equipment and
beginning the drug introduction procedure. As in the case of Chloe the drug did
not take effect within the predicted time envelope, and it was almost
twenty-five minutes before she began to display positive signs in her vital
functions which were at an even lower level than her roommate. This did not
cause as much concern in Bareback since he had already experienced the anxiety
of waiting for the drug to take hold. Vlad chose to leave once he was assured
that the drug was working. He pulled Bram aside and told him to expect an
additional level of financial support to become available within a month.

	However it took over three hours for Honey Connover to regain
consciousness, but she unlike Chloe, never spoke. The fact that Honey was losing
a great deal of blood when she was brought into the lab was of grave concern to
the physician. However the drug seemed to act differently on this one, steming
the loss of blood first, since this was the critical element controlling her
survival. This was a new phenomenon and the medical man was quite excited by
this behavior. There was still much that they did not understand about this
mysterious concoction of neurotransmitters, but at least in these two cases the
drug worked as intended.

	Now an excited Bram Bareback was about to put stage two of his plan into
operation. It was nearly three weeks before the pair of agents were sufficiently
recovered to begin undergoing the various surgical procedures that would rebuild
their bodies and give them an entirely different identity. This would be
absolutely necessary in light of their new assignment.

	Once more the technology that the bureau possessed was well in advance
of what was considered cutting edge in the commercial world. For example they
had a material that could be used as a substitute for human flesh. When injected
into the body and then activated with low energy x-rays, the material assumed
the identity of the flesh surrounding it. For Chloe this meant that she was
gifted with something she had secretly wanted ever since puberty, large shapely
breasts; breasts that were firm and melon-shaped, with scarcely a sign of sag.

	However they also decided for reasons that would become apparent to the
agent later on, to give her a face whose skin was pockmarked as if she had
suffered some disease as a child. She underwent rhinoplasty that left her with a
larger nose, one that had a hump on it. Injections of collagen plus, a bureau
upgrade to the standard fibrous protein used by the practioners of cosmetic
rejuvenation were made to reshape her lips permanently. The artificial flesh was
used to give her wider hips, and her flat bottom was turned into twin mounds of
flesh that jiggled as she walked.

	Her vagina did not escape untouched either. A procedure was used that
resulted in a significant loss of its elasticity and muscle tone; almost the
exact opposite of the vaginal rejuvenation procedures that were being introduced
to an eager portion of the female population. Chloe's vagina now was the type
that was associated with a two dollar whore, not far from the cover that she
would assume in her new assignment.

	Special hormone creams were used to accelerate the growth of her pubic
and armpit hair. Thanks to a process that used a powerful dye capsule implanted
within those areas, her body hair grew thick and now was black as night. Another
dye that was ingested daily for a period of three weeks left her skin a much
darker shade, almost as if there had been a touch of midnight integration in her
genetic history. The hair on her head was now black, not that mousy brown shade
she originally had, and much thicker as well as being curly instead of straight.

	The final touch left her in a depressed state for a number of days. Her
carefully tended teeth, always flossed, brushed a minimum of three times daily
and submitted to the tender mercies of her dental hygienist promptly at six
month intervals were turned into uneven rows of chipped and mottled canines,
incisors and molars. To finish the oral remake, five teeth were pulled,
including one in the front of her mouth.

	The finished, remodeled Chloe Starkers took some getting used to. For
weeks the agent winced every time she looked at herself in a mirror. She had
difficulty in reacting to herself when she caught reflected glimpses of the new
Chloe while she was walking around in various sites becoming accustomed to how
her new body moved.

	In parallel with this total reconstruction, Chloe was being taught a new
language, and given a manufactured background that was drummed into her day and
night. Even while she slept fitfully, her mind was being fed all manner of
information on who she was, where she grew up and how she had become what she
was, a prostitute with a drug habit and a taste for pain.

	Once more Chloe's organization had the knowledge and technology to
guarantee that Chloe Starkers, now Magda Neta, did indeed have a drug habit, had
low self-esteem and a predilection for pain. They also managed to alter her
personality to the point that she truly enjoyed heterol sex at the conscious
level, even though deep within she was repelled by this guilty pleasure she had
somehow acquired.

	These miracles were accomplished by means of a combination of
hypnotherapy, powerful mind-altering drugs and implants that released chemicals
into her bloodstream that elevated her libido to levels well above normal and
fostered a need for opiates. In the case of her low self-esteem, Bram Bareback
could take credit for that part of her new personality. Under these conditions
it was natural for Magda to resort to prostitution to satisfy these needs.

	Magda had a passport that showed her to be a citizen of Albania. Like so
many of her countrymen she had emigrated from her homeland to seek work
elsewhere. There would be no reason for the authorities of the country she was
placed in to doubt her papers or motive for being there. Selecting the area in
which she was to be planted had been exhaustively researched by the best minds
in counterterrorism at the agency.

	They had finally selected Tunisia as their listening post. The two
agents were to be sent to different regions of the country. Her dossier showed
that Chloe had some knowledge of French and thus she was chosen for Tunis, the
largest city in the country and a jumping-off point for terrorists wanting to
infiltrate European nations such as Italy, Greece and Germany. Honey would work
in one of the towns close to the oil fields, another conduit for those
interested in establishing a beachhead in Europe.

	The only thing that remained was to guarantee that the programming of
the two agents had taken. A dry run lasting for one month was set up for each.
Chloe would work in the DC area while Honey, now a voluptuous redhead with a
deep scar on her cheek and an appetite for drugs that was monumental, would
hustle customers in the suburban townships of Virginia and Maryland, moving from
one area to the other almost daily. Fellow agents, disguised as their pimps,
would oversee their progress and protect them from the types who preyed on the
ladies of the night.

	Chloe took to her new occupation like a fish to water, surprising her
handler with a voracious appetite for sex in all its myriad forms. Her customers
never seemed to be bothered by her poor teeth and less than attractive face. Her
new tits were her major selling point and she made the most of it. Chloe showed
a partiality for being tit-fucked and quickly made it a part of the package of
"services" she offered to the johns who hired her. She wasn't intimidated by the
requests for anal intercourse, rimming and even golden showers that her more
adventuous clients asked for. Her motto seemed to be, "If you can pay for it,
we'll do it."

	Her handler used her enthusiasm to let her gain some experience dealing
with those with a darker side. He believed that her cover was improved if she
carried the badges of her trade; bruises, cuts and even an occasional black eye.
One evening he allowed one of her weirder customers to decorate her breasts and
bottom with welts from the beating he gave her with his strap. Chloe reacted to
this event as programmed, thanking him afterward for showing her who was boss
and promising an even hotter time the next time they had a date. It turned out
that he was arrested for soliciting the very next night and wound up spending a
month in county jail. He would never understand how he had this run of bad luck,
but had the agent had his way, the luck would have been much worse, to wit a
broken leg.

	Chloe's drug habit proved to be manageable. Her need could be satisfied
with highly diluted amounts as long as they were given to her daily. If she did
not receive her daily fix, it took another half day before she was unable to
function properly. Some minor adjustments had to be made to the implant that
triggered her need for drugs. Where she was going the amount that opiates were
cut was not as great as once it reached the streets in countries such as the US.
This was one of the main concerns the people operating this listening post had.
Their fears were actualized on a few occasions with Honey, but Chloe/Magda
managed to cope with her nasty little habit.

	To date Magda had no need to use her new mother tongue. In fact where
she was going french would have to do except in extremely rare cases. English
was verboten. This was an issue that those involved in her new assignment had to
deal with. It took some additional tinkering with her internal controls, but
finally Magda would not react to hearing english and only a very specific
command, in french, from her handler would trigger her use of that language.

	Once she completed her training period, demonstrating an aptitude for
her new profession that was startling, she was given a final examination by a
panel of bureau experts. Among the panel were Bram Bareback and Adele Rankine,
those most responsible for reducing the former agent to a totally dependent
slave, unable to resist obeying whatever orders she received from the pair.

	 This test lasted for nearly two days. During that time she was not fed
and the only liquid she drank was urine, hers as well as that from those
involved in stress testing her. She stepped into the examination room wearing
her prostitute gear consisting of a tight tube top that molded itself to her big
tits with their fat, stiff nipples, capri pants that outlined the thong she had
on beneath, her fuck-me pumps with lacy socks and a large white plastic purse in
which she kept the essentials, a dozen condoms, a couple of tubes of lube and a
disposable douche.

	They had her stand beside a full sized photograph of her former self,
agent Chloe Starkers. The contrast was breathtaking. There was no way that one
could imagine that these two women were one and the same. Someone spoke to her
in Albanian, asking her what she charged for a blowjob. Her reply of five
dollars American brought laughter from the panel when he translated it to them.
Bram then ordered her to strip and show the panel what her new body looked like.
Her big tits and the thick patch of unruly pubic hair that grew like a jungle
between her thighs caused a few obscene comments and some laughter as well. When
she raised her arms to display what was growing in her pits the opinions
expressed seemed to reflect the fastidious nature of this country's cultural
bent.

	Adele ordered Magda to squat and show them how she masturbated. The
agent complied quickly and soon the panel was treated to her fingers rapidly
working on her hairy slit and the fat clit that had slipped from its hood. The
panel sat there fascinated at the display this wanton was providing. Bram
suggested that they wait until she got off, being curious as to just how
powerful were these new sexual urges that had been planted in her psyche. After
a few minutes her scent reached the group examining her. One wag took out his
billfold and extracted a five dollar bill from it that he waved in her
direction. Bram frowned at this childish display, but could not help smiling at
how the new Chloe's eyes fastened themselves on the money the man was
displaying.

	This was just the beginning of her exhaustive evaluation that lasted
nonstop for two days. She was interrogated by the hour to make sure that she had
her background down pat. She was threatened, intimidated and humiliated in so
many ways that she could hardly remember all of them. They made her piss into
her cupped hands and drink it down, making sure to lick her fingers clean of any
last drops. They took turns making her drink their piss. Since this was her only
source of liquid she became much more amenable to this form of humiliation as
the hours elapsed. They had her fist herself, and she actually managed to insert
her entire hand inside her loose cunt and work it around as the panel watched.

	Her drug habit proved to be her most serious handicap. By the middle of
the second day she began to hallucinate and babble in english as well as her
other two tongues. She regressed to her former self, the broken Chloe, unable to
function and fearful of anyone or thing that approached her. Bram Bareback had
done a very good job in this regard. Her ability to regress to what was in
essence an infantile state was her last line of defense, and it proved to be
most effective.

	The panel unanimously recommended that the project for which Chloe had
spent many months training go forward. Two days later she was off to Albania,
from where she would begin her trek to Tunisia. From now on she was on her own,
depending on her wits and guile to achieve her objective of reaching this
African nation where the terrorist enemy was massed in great numbers.



				(To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


				             Chapter 13



	Arrangements had been made through friends at Langley to have Chloe, now
Magda Neta, flown to the Balkans, where she would be dropped off and left to
make her way into Albania and ultimately to Tunisia. So early one chilly
morning, well before the sun came up, she found herself part of some mysterious
cargo that was being transported into the Kosovo area. Since this area still had
an enclave of ethnic Albanians residing there, it made an ideal jumping off
point for "Magda" to begin her journey.

	It did not prove difficult for Magda to hitch a ride on a truck heading
toward Tirana. There were two men operating the large vehicle that was carrying
part of the cargo that had accompanied Magda from the US. Her two companions
spoke enough Albanian for her to negotiate a suitable exchange of services for
their assistance in getting her to the Albanian capital. All was going well
until about forty kilometers outside of their destination. Chloe was in the rear
portion of the cab applying her new found skills to getting one of the drivers
off for the second time since the trip had began. His thick cock was just
beginning to twitch and contract, a signal that she was about to get a mouthful
of cum that she'd soon swallow down to keep the other loads in her stomach
company.

	The truck came to an abrupt halt and the blowjob was immediately put on
hold. She heard voices speaking in Albanian ordering the driver and everyone
else from the truck. It was obvious that the truck was being hijacked. She and
her companion scrambled from the back of the cab to join the other driver on the
side of the road. There were a group of ski-masked figures surrounding the trio
as others checked the load that was contained in the truck's rear section. They
seemed satisfied with their haul and after warning their captives not to make
any attempt to stop or follow them, they took over the truck and it rumbled off
in the direction of the city, trailed by two other nondescript autos. There was
nothing for them to do but begin walking in the same direction as the hijackers
had gone.

	As they slowly walked along the side of the road, keeping an eye open
for traffic going in their direction, the drivers explained to her that what had
just occurred was commonplace in this part of the world. In this particular case
the cargo was quite a bit out of the ordinary. They would not realize this until
they found themselves facing some hard-faced police who grilled them mercilessly
about the details of this crime, and refused to accept anything that they were
told until it could be verified by the hauling company and the organization
destined to receive the shipment. Unfortunately for Chloe her story had some
small holes in it and that led to her being further interrogated by still
another group of "specialists".

	Despite all the training and hypnotic reinforcement, a cold hand wrapped
itself around her chest as Chloe was escorted into the small concrete room where
she would spend many hours spread over a number of days as her examiners probed
her story and background, looking for ties to this mysterious organization that
was responsible for so many recent hijackings. What she did not know was that
the same organization that had created her was behind this inquiry. Yet this
element had no idea that she too was part of their organization. This was small
satisfaction for what she was about to endure.

	She quickly took in the set of manacles dangling from the hook in the
ceiling and the drain located in the floor below them. On the table she saw the
little hand cranked generator and knew that soon it would be sending jolts of
electricity through every sensitive portion of her naked body. Her two
interrogators were big beefy individuals, one already donning a pair of leather
gloves, no doubt to protect his hands while he punched her senseless. The other
had a thin lipped smile cutting across his face as he hefted a length of rubber
hose in his hand.

	"Take off your clothing and stand there." he said, pointing toward the
drain. Chloe mentally prepared herself for what was to happen and decided not to
further antagonize them by resisting the order. "This one has a nice set of tits
on her. I hope we don't have to damage those big beauties too much before we're
done with her." Chloe let her bra drop to the floor and then stepped from her
cotton panties to reveal her thick pubic bush. "Look at that jungle between this
whore's legs! I'll bet she's a great fuck with that kind of fur growing from
her. The drivers tell me she was a good fuck and seemed to like fucking them
almost as much as they enjoyed her. I hope we can find out if they spoke the
truth."

	The one wearing the gloves merely shrugged and motioned for her to raise
her arms so they could  restrain her. "Damn! Look at that forest in her pits! I
just know this one will be a great fuck. I can hardly wait to get my dick into
her. I love hairy women and this one has great tits as well. Maybe I'll keep her
around once she's done telling us all we want to know."

	His companion sighed and finally spoke, " You know that is not to be.
They will want to make sure, very sure that what she tells us is what she tells
them as well. We are just here to soften her up for the real interrogation. I
doubt if you'll want to have anything to do with what's left of her once they
are done." His words made Chloe's blood freeze. An overwhelming sense of deja vu
gripped her as the manacles were snapped shut round her wrists.

	Chloe committed a tactical error, concentrating on the one who stood in
front of her, drawing his arm back to strike at her with the hose. It was then
that the other landed a vicious blow between her shoulder blades, driving the
air from her lungs and causing a lancing pain that ripped straight through her
body. For a brief moment she went into shock from the force of the blow. It was
then that the other feinted toward her with the hose and at the same time landed
a brutal kick to her left knee, knocking that leg from under her. Chloe felt as
if her knee had caught fire. Then her kidneys absorbed a one-two punch that made
her see stars. She would piss blood for some days afterward as a result of this
treatment.

	The two of them worked as a team, driving blow after blow into her naked
body, never striking the same area twice, always complementing each other's
attack. The first time that the one with the hose actually used it on her was an
agonizing experience. He landed a solid shot across her big tits, flattening the
enhanced bags of flesh and making her feel sick to her stomach. It was then that
he brought up his knee and planted it directly between her cunt lips. Chloe
vomited up everything she had eaten in the last thirty-six hours. He easily
dodged the stream of partially digested material that flew from her mouth and
and slapped her across the face with the hose, just hard enough to make her
think he had broken her nose or perhaps her cheekbone. Once the numbness wore
off she gave thanks that no bones were broken.

	Then the other one landed a brutal punch to the base of her spine and
her entire body went numb. Terror surged through her, she was crippled for life!
It was all over for her! She would be like a vegetable for the reminder of her
days. All these jumbled thoughts flashed through her mind before the pain took
over. The one facing her now stomped down on the top of her bare foot and she
collapsed and hung from the manacles like a marionette whose strings had been
cut. The hose fell upon her shoulders, first one and then the other. Then he
concentrated on her biceps, blasting away at the flesh with a fury that was
breathtaking. She would not be able to recover the use of her arms for nearly a
day once he finished pounding them until every blood vessel below the surface of
her skin was ruptured, turning her upper arms into two columns of swollen,
purple-black colored flesh.

	They switched places, moving with a degree of grace that made her
realize how skilled they had become. She wondered for a moment just how many
other unfortunates like herself had hung from these very manacles and been
turned into chunks of swollen, bleeding meat before these two were satisfied
that there was no pain left that they could reasonably inflict upon their
victim. Chloe was a long way from this state as they demonstrated during this
next round of brutal punishment. Worse yet, they had not even begun to ask her
questions; questions she either did not have answers for, or those that she was
prevented by her programming from answering. Chloe began to realize that she
might not be able to survive this interrogation; she was in a classic no-win
situation. Her only hope was that they would become tired of beating and
torturing her and perhaps then send her on to their superiors who might be a bit
more understanding of her situation. She literally was an innocent bystander in
this matter.

	The merciless pounding went on, the only difference now being that she
faced the one with the gloves and of the two, he frightened her more. As her
kidneys continued to be drubbed, this time with the hose, his gloved fists sank
deep into her tits, threatening to rupture those swollen bags of meat and
artificial materials. Chloe found it becoming more and more difficult to draw
breath as he pounded away at her chest cavity through her breasts. Meanwhile the
other moved his attack to her flanks, making the hose conform to her barrel
shaped ribcage. He moved up and down from one side to the other and soon Chloe
could not draw breath at all. With each blow her sight grew dimmer as she slowly
lost consciousness.

	She was brought back awake to absorb further punishment. The one wearing
the gloves began to punch her in the pit of her stomach, bringing up more bile
as he used hooks and jabs alternately as if she were nothing but one of those
heavy bags that she and her fellow trainees worked on while she was at Quantico.
Now her buttocks were being pounded steadily by the rubber hose, each blow
adding to the swelling that took place as more and more of her skin became
mottled from the ruptured blood vessels beneath the stretched skin.

	Then a new pain exploded into her consciousness; he had just driven his
foot into the back of her leg in the hollow behind her knee, collapsing her
limb. She began hopping, reacting to the loss of her leg as a support. The one
with the gloves stepped back for a brief moment and then drove his fist deep
into her cunt, making her gag from a combination of pain and shock. Her
remaining leg gave way as her assailant kicked it in the same area as the other.
Her arms now bore the full weight of her sagging body. The gloved fists now
began to rip into her upper arms, rupturing more and more blood vessels. The
pain was blinding. Then he aimed carefully and planted a set of vicious blows to
her vulnerable armpits. This new pain made her hair stand on end. Chloe retched
in response to the overwhelming pain that was tearing through her upper arms.

	Evidently this activity had taken some toll on their strength and so
they took their leave, allowing Chloe to dangle helplessly from her manacled
wrists. She ached all over and the realization that this was just an
intermission gave her chills. Why hadn't they asked her anything? How long
before they'd return and then what might they subject her to this time? These
and other questions came and went in her mind as she tried her best to cope with
all the various pains radiating from almost every section of her naked body. Her
vomit was now drying on her breasts and belly and the odor was enough to induce
even further bouts of regurgitation on her part.

	When the two of them returned, Chloe had fallen into something akin to a
trance, her eyes unfocused as she hung limply from her manacled wrists. They
wasted no time waking her up. One of them stomped on her bare foot, the very
same one that he had hurt originally. Chloe's eyes flew open and she gasped in
agony. The other buried his gloved fist into her groin, just above her hairy
cunt, and she brought up more bile. His companion grabbed a handful of her hair
and jerked her head from side to side creating another bolt of pain that lanced
throughher neck as the tendons were strained beyond their limit. He let go of
her hair and backhanded her across the face a number of times until her face was
flushed crimson. "Are you awake my pretty little whore? Are you in the mood to
answer a few questions, maybe more than a few?" he asked the dazed agent.

	Somehow Chloe managed to respond to the standard questions concerning
her birthplace and age; the programming kicked in as planned and she began to
feel a degree of confidence that perhaps her cover story might just allow her to
survive this interrogation. Then the questions took off on a tangent that
indicated to her that they were probing to see if she was in any way involved in
the hijacking that had taken place. She decided to play it straight and answer
as truthfully as possible without breaking security. They were not too happy
with her responses. The questions flew thick and fast; Chloe began to become
disoriented and confused as they continued to bombard her with one accusation
after another. Finally one of them lost his temper and drove his fist into one
of her badly bruised tits bringing a scream of pain from her. The other cuffed
her over and over, clapping his palms against her ears, creating terrible pain
and making it difficult for her to even hear whatever they were yelling at her.
She knew that she was not going to get away without enduring a lot more pain.
She was proven correct almost immediately.

	"Let's see how she responds to the strap; perhaps she's still in a
trance and needs something to wake her up from it."  The speaker had removed his
gloves as he talked, and now undid the belt from his waist. Chloe immediately
fastened her gaze on the large metal buckle, it almost looked as if it should be
on  a cowboy,  not this brute from a backward European country. He noticed her
eyes focused on the buckle and he grinned. "It is a gift from one of my friends
that has come to help us stay free of those animals that border our country. Now
it can be used to perhaps help him to discover who has taken his goods. Are you
in league with those enemies of my friend? I will find out sooner or later, you
can be sure of that. Why don't you make it easier on yourself and confess what
you know of this matter to us."  Chloe closed her eyes and prepared for the
worse.

	She had forgotten about the other one until she felt this sharp pain
followed immediately by the loud popping sound that his belt made striking her
skin. His compatriot leaned into it and sank the metal buckle into one of her
tits, cutting off her scream in mid warble. From then on it was a slaughter.
They took the skin from her body with a skill that was frightening. Those belts
never seemed to hit the same spot twice, continuing to roam over her bleeding
frame to find new places to rip and tear as she bellowed in agony. This time
instead of each taking either her front or back, the two of them circled her
continuously, slashng away at whatever portion of her bare body became
available. When they started in on her face and neck, she began to fear for her
sanity, so great was the pain and so madly did she struggle to prevent this
terrible torment from continuing. Then as suddenly as it began, the whipping
ceased.

	A very shaken Chloe blinked the tears from her eyes and prepared for
whatever else they had in store for her. While the one amused himself by seeing
how many cuts he could produce wth that metal belt buckle, his companion began
fiddling with the generator. The agent steeled herself for what was to come. She
was aware of the many apocryphal tales concerning prisoners who had died while
undergoing electric shock,  because those employing this torture were not
conversant enough with the technique to use it effectively. How often had these
two employed it, and how many of their victims had come to an untimely death due
to their foulups?

	She stared in fascination at his preparations; watching him strike an
arc between the alligator clips that would soon be attached to the most
sensitive portions of her anatomy. The other one noticed her concentration on
what was to come and so he stopped his attack on her body, deciding that what
was to come would be much more enjoyable than any further damage he could do to
her. However he could not resist one last swing that bit into her swollen tit
and tore a small chunk of meat from it. Chloe howled like a wounded animal at
this final assault on her person.

	The first clip bit deep into her nipple, bringing a gasp of pain from
her. Its mate dug into the soft flesh of her armpit; now only a few inches
separated them. As the one put his belt back on, his compatriot began turning
the crank on the generator. At first the pain was minor, but as he spun the
crank faster and faster a jolt of electrical energy began burning a path between
the two clips, making Chloe sing a song of agony as her flesh seemed to cook
from the amount of power surging through it. Then he stopped the flow so she
could recover her strength sufficiently to take another jolting.  Again he fried
her flesh ,this time stopping and starting the flow any number of times, not
allowing her to regain her composure before once more being burned to the core
by the stream of boiling electrons that flowed through her rippling flesh.

	Now it was the other's turn, and he made the most of it. This time the
alligator clips were fastened to Chloe's earlobes. As he cranked the generator
to near its maximum, electricity raced though her brain. It was as if she had
the mother of all headaches. She felt her blood vessels constrict as a new path
was slowly burned into her brain. The pain was devastating, seeming to never
end. He finally tired and the flow of electrons was soon reduced to a trickle.
Then he once more started to ramp up the flow, frying thousands upon thousands
of her brain cells. She began to froth at the mouth from the pain, her jaws
clamping shut and then opening as the power rose and fell. The smell of roasting
flesh soon permeated the small room to the point that they had to discontinue
this torture until the smell could be cleared out.

	For the next hour there was only the sound of the whirring crank, the
sparks that flew from the improperly grounded alligator clips, her  incoherent
ravings as her naked body danced and shivered to the surge of fire that walked
through her defenseless form, and the sweet sickly aroma of burning flesh and
hair. Naturally they finally began to probe her genitals with the blazing arcs
of pure agony that they created within her body. For a time they had a contest
to see who could send the most power from her clitoris to the base of her cunt,
frying the super sensitive membranes that the flaming bolts passed through. Then
the electricity was run between her clit and piss hole, resulting in a flood of
urine that only made the power increase as it danced and arced its way up the
river of yellow that issued from her spasming bladder. 

	The last and most humiliating thing they did to her was run power
through her colon via one clip attached to her sphincter and the other buried
deep inside her asshole. Her bowels evacuated every bit of material that was
contained within her lower intestines. The stench was so odious that they had to
leave the room as the stream of semi-solid, brownish matter poured from her
twitching anus, running down her legs to pool at the drain which could not
handle the amount of fecal matter that was accumulating beneath her dangling
body. She never even felt the blast of cold water that sprang from the fire hose
they used to flush the brown mess down into the sewer system such as it was.
Their prisoner was finished for the day, but there would be tomorrow if she
continued to resist their efforts to get to the bottom of the hijacking.


			( To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					Chapter 14


	They didn't bother isolating her from the rest of the female prisoners
occupying the large holding cell. The great majority was there for the more
obvious crimes committed by such women. There were smugglers of all ages and
sizes, a cross section of the prostitute community and an occasional thief,
although the pickings for such people were slim at best. They gave Chloe a wide
berth once they saw the damage that had been done to her. No one wanted to
appear friendly to a person who had drawn the attention of the authorities like
this one.

	There were a few veterans who were well known to the guards, who
depended upon them to keep order in the cell in exchange for small favors such
as cigarettes, an extra blanket or looking the other way if a certain younger,
more attractive inmate caught their fancy. For reasons known only to her, one of
the veterans took an immediate dislike to this buxom dark-haired prisoner. She
quickly snatched the blanket from Chloe's weak hands and gave her a sound cuff
to the head. The agent huddled on the floor trying to get her bearings. Later
that night when most of the inmates had gone to sleep she returned and dragged
the weakened woman over to where she usually slept and forced Chloe to lick her
rancid cunt until she got off. Then she allowed the agent to crawl under the
blankets and sleep the sleep of exhaustion.

	By morning the first twinges of withdrawal symptoms made their
appearance. The last time she'd used, had been while she was with the truckers,
well over twenty-four hours ago. She managed to wolf down what passed for food
in this hell hole, and then waited for whatever was to occur that day. Two hours
later the guards came for her and she was taken back to that small concrete room
to face those two sadists once more. On the way over she had heard one of the
guards refer to her torturers by name, but she could not match the names to the
two faces that were slowly becoming deeply embedded in her memory.

	To give her mind some relief from the constant pressure of their
questions and torments, Chloe decided that the one who used his belt buckle on
her yesterday was Zog. The name fit him, for he was blunt and brutal. It was not
Zog as in dog, but more like log, a massive piece of primeval wood yet to be
shaped into something useful. The other, who was more devious  than his
compatriot was now Ilir, a name that sounded mysterious and much more difficult
to fathom. For some odd reason naming these two made them appear a bit less
animalistic and more like the race of beings that she belonged to. Over the
remainder of the day they did their best to convince her that she had badly
misjudged them; what little humanity that remained seemed to be buried far too
deep to manifest itself.

	They hung her from her wrists like yesterday and picked up where they
left off without so much as a simple acknowledgment of her existence. That would
come later after she had been softened up to the point that she might wish to
provide them with the right answers for the same questions that they asked her
over and over. Zog had brought a new toy with him today and he put it to use
immediately. It looked like a baton, except it was made of metal. He moved
behind her and then she shrieked in agony as he rammed it deep into her rectum.
Before the pain and shock could subside even a bit, her insides were fried as he
triggered off the prod sending a bolt of electricity through her lower
intestines. "That ought to wake this pig from her sleep. I like this far better
than that damned cranking thing we used on her yesterday." As he finished
speaking, Zog gave her a second, longer jolt and stepped back as something
dribbled and bubbled from between her bruised and swollen buttocks.

	Ilir proved to be old school she discovered, as he picked up the
electrical leads and clipped the cruel jagged jaws of metal to her lips, one at
the top corner and the other at the lower lip on the opposite corner. He
returned to the generator and cranked. It felt as if her face had caught fire.
She could smell the awful odor of broiling flesh and heated metal as the
electrons flowed from one corner of her mouth to the other as she shook her head
in a mad attempt to somehow tear the clips from her burning flesh. Then her face
felt as if it was immersed in wet concrete that was slowly beginning to set and
freeze her countenance into a mask of horror tinged with agony.

	He stopped cranking and allowed her to settle back into a state less
chaotic. Then with that small smile he gave her another dose of hell. This time
she felt a new pain as the interior of her mouth began to literally steam as
anything that was liquid began to transform itself into gas, the vapor issuing
from her mouth in a cloud that amazed her torturers. Chloe passed out and
remained in a stupor for almost an hour, despite all their attempts to revive
her.

	They resumed torturing her after the prison doctor had checked her over
and declared she was ready for more of the same. Zog jammed his electrical prod
into her cunt and fried her insides until she passed out. Even though she was
unconscious, Ilir put the alligator clips on her tongue and nose and sent a bolt
of power through her that made her come awake in pure terror and pain as the
flood of dancing electrons roamed up and down her sinus cavities, converting the
mucus contained in them into rivlets of boiling fluid that poured from her
nostrils a she screamed until her voice cracked.

	They gave her a few minutes to rest before beginning her questioning.
Her voice was raspy, harsh, reflecting the deterioration of her mouth and
tongue, cooked and burned by the fiery assault. As happened previously, Chloe 's
answers were not to their liking and Zog finally lost his temper and slammed his
fist into her belly. He jabbed his prod into her armpits and burned away
portions of the hair and skin beneath as she screamed and croaked, begging and
pleading for mercy, and receiving none.

	It was the sly one, Ilir, who came up with the idea of forcing water
into her stomach. It took some time for them to obtain the kind of tubing that
could be forced down Chloe's throat without rupturing it, and a fitting that
allowed them to connect the tubing to the water tap located on one of the walls.
For this torture it was necessary to have the agent on her back, her head by the
drain. Her wrists were cuffed behind her back and her ankles were placed in some
shackles that they had found in a storeroom. Chloe struggled but was unable to
prevent them from threading the tubing down her throat. Her tormentors looked
down at her, their faces glowing with anticipation of what was to follow.

	Zog opened the water tap to its limit in one turn and a torrent of
brackish water rushed through the tubing which acted as if it were a living
thing, twisting and turning as the flow worked to straighten the kinks in the
hose. Chloe's eyes grew wide and she began to struggle against her bonds. The
rush of water soon had an effect on her stomach, which grew round and then began
to bulge as it filled with more and more of the brownish liquid that issued from
the tap. Her struggles increased as her midsection got bigger and bigger, the
agent's body slowly changing into what looked for all the world like a pregnant
woman. Chloe's breathing became labored, it was becoming more and more difficult
to draw breath. The inexorable expansion of her water filled abdomen now began
to affect other organs in her body, especially her lungs.

	The battle between her swelling belly and laboring lungs started to turn
in favor of her bulging midriff. Her stomach slowly began pressing up against
her lungs, pinching off their capacity. Her lungs now started to flatten,
becoming oblate in shape. The amount of air that they could handle was now
drastically reduced. Her face began to turn red, then  a deeper shade of
crimson. Her breathing was sporadic at best as her lungs were nearly flattened.
Ilir turned off the tap and allowed Chloe to do her best to cope with the
extremely small amount of air that was entering her severely restricted lungs.
Her face began to pale as she struggled to keep enough air moving through her
lungs. By now her belly was so bloated that she looked as if she were about to
give birth.

	Zog could not resist temptation. His heavy hand began to press down on
her bulging belly. Chloe's face was now a pale blue and the veins beneath the
skin on her face could be clearly seen. He pressed harder and water began to
push back, seeking somewhere to expand. Chloe's eyes appeared ready to pop from
their sockets as she fought for air, but could find none. Her chest stopped
rising and falling as the agent approached total suffocation. Finally it was
Ilir who yanked the tubing from her throat, allowing the tremendous pressure on
her internal organs to relieve itself.  A fountain of murky water began to spout
from her mouth. Zog leaned over and assisted the process by pressing his hand
down into her bulging belly, forcing the water to spew from her nostrils as well
as her mouth. Chloe lost consciousness at this point and it was touch and go for
the next few minutes as they tried to make her empty her lungs of water while at
the same time her stomach was trying to expel as much liquid as it could.

	As soon as they were sure their prisoner was awake and in no difficulty,
they resumed torturing her. Once more she was forced to swallow the tubing and
then suffer the pain of having it pushed down into her stomach. This time the
water flow was slowed considerably, but the results were the same. In this
situation it gave them more opportunities to further torment her. Ilir worked
one finger after another into her cunt as she groaned and tried to avoid
panicking as the pressure slowly began to build inside her. Once his thumb was
folded and slipped within that dry hole between her thighs, he smiled evilly and
started to form a fist. It took a number of trial movements before he was able
to gain enough traction to start shoving his fist up her birth canal, moving a
fraction of an inch at a time, then exerting more effort and gaining perhaps an
inch before her tight tunnel slowed progress once more.

	Zog was not one to merely be a spectator. He amused hmself initially by
mauling her big breasts, yanking them from side to side, then tweaking the
nipples to cause enough pain to interfere with her efforts to concentrate on
breathing. This was not a subtle person, this one considered himself to be a man
of action. So it was that he resumed torturing her with his electric prod. He
jabbed it into her rounded belly and pressed the button to send a jolt of fire
through her water-logged stomach. Her reaction to this pain resulted in a spurt
of water shooting from her nostrils, making breathing impossible. This new fear
fed back to her scrambled senses and she began to expend her energy futilely
attempting to escape from her bonds.

	Ilir let out an oath as her cunt clamped down on his wrist, imprisoning
his forearm inside her spasming cunt. It took a number of tries before his slimy
forearm could be withdrawn from her tight twat. He reacted angrily, slamming his
fist into her bulging belly causing even more water to spew from her. By now her
face was scarlet and her eyes popping as she struggled madly to regain some
control over things, failing utterly. It was Zog who brought this part of the
session to a close by inserting his prod into her cunt and frying her insides as
she went into uncontrollable spasms, spitting out the tubing so violently that
for days afterward she could not speak above a whisper, and her screams of agony
were so muted that her torturers became uncomfortable under these strange
circumstances. They finally came up with a work-around that returned things
almost to normal. They gagged their prisoner and tortured her until she passed
out before removing the gag and questioning her once she was revived.

	Despite their best efforts, and they exerted themselves considerably,
Madga Neta proved to be a very tough nut to crack. They flooded her insides with
gallons of water and beat her swollen stomach with rubber hoses and lengths of
electrical cabling to force her to puke up the brackish water until she passed
out from lack of air. One day they spent nearly four hours filling and emptying
her stomach until the muscles were so weakened that she nearly drown. They had
to resort to hanging her from her ankles to make it possible for her to rid her
belly of the massive quantities of liquid that had been forced into her. Her
kidneys were another casualty of this insidious torture. They were forced into a
situation where they worked continuously in an attempt to filter all the
impurities from the ocean of fluid that saturated her tissues, and sustained
permanent damage. Chloe was sentenced to a lifetime of incontinence as a result
of this brutal treatment.

	They passed enough electricity through her body to light up a small
city. Zog soon was bitterly complaining that he was running low on the type of
batteries that were needed to properly operate his prod, and it would be weeks
before his friends from the US could supply him with replacements. His partner
had no such difficulties as he required only his muscles to generate enough
power to do the kind of damage to their naked detainee that he deemed sufficient
to make her eventually crack and tell them what they so desperately wanted to
hear.

	These two proved to be their own worse enemies. They allowed their
frustrations to take over what little intelligence they possessed. The prison
doctor repeatedly warned them that they were risking their prisoner's sanity in
this mindless attempt to break her to their will and overcome the challenge she
presented to their manliness. They began to resort more and more to rape and
other forms of humiliation in their approach to making her give up the
information that they now were sure she had.

	Anal rape was a particular favorite in this region of the continent and
Chloe was reintroduced to this specialty which stirred up old memories that were
buried deep in her subconscious. To Madga this was nothing significant, after
all she was a prostitute, and considered herself to be a good one. This was
nothing more than one of the things that she offered for a price. Instead of the
exchange of money, there was the possibility that her professional behavior
could be rewarded by being freed from this terrible place so she could continue
on to perform her assignment. Alas, her response to anal rape infuriated her
captors and so they now devised an even worse torment for her to endure.

	One morning she was dragged into the room and strapped down on her back
to a low bench, her head dangling over the end, and her legs spread wide. To her
horror she saw that Ilir was fitting that devilish tubing to the water tap,
preparing to force it down her throat so that her belly could be once more
bloated to its limit and beyond. Zog held her head in an iron grip while his
partner forced the tubing down her throat and into her stomach. The tap was
opened and she relived the terrible experience of fighting to stay calm, knowing
full well what the consequences were if she gave into panic. Chloe watched with
dread as her belly began to block her vision as it grew in size from the
pressure exerted by the water flooding her stomach.

	The water flow was stopped and she waited for whatever new torment they
had dreamed up for her to endure. She heard the door to the room open and the
sound of men's voices. From her position she could make out the boots worn by
members of the police. She realized that she was going to be gang raped, and
worse still she would suffer the additional agony associated with the pressure
they would apply to her bulging midriff as they skewered her mercilessly.

	The men were generally amused at her condition and made obscene jokes
about it as they waited their turn to do their best to make her vomit up the
contents of her stomach. Chloe did not disappoint, spewing water from her mouth
and nostrils almost continuously as she was brutually raped by the police. She
lost track of how many cocks drilled out her sore cunt, and the number of times
that they "refreshed" her, returning her belly to its quasi-pregnant condition.
The helpless woman passed out often, but most of her rapists ignored this fact
and just enjoyed the feel of her fucked out twat and the added pressure produced
by her big water-filled belly as their cocks bored deep, striving to touch
bottom in that well-worn channel.

	By now almost all of Chloe's cellmates looked the other way whenever her
naked, senseless body was returned to the holding cell so she could rest and
recover for the next session that was always scheduled for the very next day.
There still was that one old hag who enjoyed grinding her cunt up and down over
Chloe's pale drawn face, leaving a coat of her juices that dripped steadily from
her diseased twat. Once she got off, she'd reward her senseless lover by locking
her flabby thighs around her neck and keeping the shivering agent in that
unyielding grip as they slept through the rest of the night.

	The day before the special agents representing the US interests in this
area of the world were scheduled to interrogate Chloe further, her Albanian
captors went all out in a final effort to break her. Chloe was awakened much
earlier than normal and without any food or water she was quick- marched down to
a room located two levels below the holding cell. As she approached the door,
she thought she heard the sound of dogs barking somewhere in the area.

	She was shoved into the large chamber whose walls were made of cinder
blocks. Located in the center of this room was a low wooden rectangular frame
perhaps three feet or so in height. To one side she could see a pair of iron
bars that jutted up from the concrete floor they were set into. While she tried
to make sense of this arrangement, she was thrown to the floor and quickly tied
to the frame by her wrists as she was pulled up to a kneeling position. Her
ankles were roped tightly to the posts anchored in the floor. Then what looked
to be some kind of a stock , the type that probably was used to restrain those
unfortunates found guilty of various offenses in the middle ages, was moved into
position so that her head could be clamped securely within it.

	A man stepped forward, who from his uniform looked to be a high ranking
police official, and motioned to one of the men standing around the frame. He
grinned and produced a filthy rag which he held in his gloved hand. He
approached her and she inhaled this animal odor mixed with what smelled like
blood. He rubbed it across her face, making sure that every portion of it was
contacted. It dawned on her what was about to happen when she felt the rag being
dragged across her genitals and rubbed in the cleft of her buttocks. She was
being seasoned so that those barking dogs she had heard would be excited enough
to take this large smooth bitch in heat. Chloe began to sob and shiver as the
full significance of what was taking place sank into her consciousness.


				( To be continued)




			Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


			           Chapter 15


	Back at the Bureau there was a great deal of consternation at the lack
of progress being made by Magda Neta in leaving Triana. She had been easily
located by the GPS satellite thanks to the homing device buried in her body.
This particular device was about the size of a grain of rice and had been
injected under her skin during her transformation into the Albanian prostitute.
It was but one of many that she carried. There was one cleverly hidden on her
person for all to see. It too was micro-sized and located in the stud that now
ran through a portion of Magda's clit. There were tiny, almost submicroscopic
holes in the stud that allowed high frequency radio waves to send coded signals
to this beacon, which in turn would send another pattern of signals to other
sensors buried in various portions of her body. Since the beacon was so critical
to her functioning properly, it too had a backup located in a small fissure in
her lower intestine that could easily pass for the beginning of a polyp.

	There was an off site meeting held involving those privy to the plan to
plant a pair of operatives into the area  where known terrorists were massed
ready to move into targeted areas on the European continent. The small group
included Bram Bareback and his assistant, Adele Rankine. Another familiar face
was also seated at the table, special agent Vlad. This had come as a great
suprise to Bareback , who like most underlings poised to make a step up in the
organization worried and agonized over any unexpected event that occurred in his
tightly controlled environment.

	They sat and listened to an earnest young intelligence specialist
describe in excruciating detail exactly where Magda Neta was as of the last
reading from the homing device. The young man continued to overwhelm them with
such tidbits as exactly how many feet she was moved during a typical day, and
the prime locations she occupied on the average. He was all atwitter that her
latest location was some place new, even though it still was located within the
footprint of the building in which she had spent all of her time since arriving
in Triana.

	It was one of the other faceless members of this special team who
finally brought the specialist's presentation to an end by making the statement
that it was fairly obvious that Magda Neta had made herself a person of interest
to the local police and they were in the process of finding out everything she
knew concerning whatever they were worried about. He continued by pointing out
that the local police were very sensitive to the needs of the resident CIA
personnel assigned to the area. Then he dropped the hammer by stating the
obvious; there was no way that this organization and the CIA were going to
cooperate in this particular Bureau  matter. "We will just have to hope that
they soon lose interest in our agent and let her continue on her way to
Tunisia." His final words on this situation evoked a response from special agent
Vlad.

	"It is possible that the local police might lose interest in her if
their friends from the CIA do the same? What happens if the CIA decides that
there's something a little strange about this whore and begin to investigate
further? Let's face it, the police are just loosening up this woman for the more
serious interrogation that is bound to follow. In my opinion if she's not
released in forty-eight hours we must abort her and the mission." There was dead
silence when he finished. Bram shifted uncomfortably in his chair. What would
this kind of a failure mean to his career? What would become of the additional
funding that special agent Vlad had promised? Then he realized that all eyes had
turned in his direction. He swung around to face the green-eyed sadist, knowing
full well what his question would be. Bareback beat him to the punch.

	"If that is the decision, then we will send a signal to one of the
probes within her body and within five minutes of being activated, Magda Neta
will abruptly die from a brain hemorrhage. Any autopsy will confirm this fact.
At the moment of her death all the other probes will automatically self
destruct. There will be no evidence left behind to point in the direction of our
organization." Vlad gave him a thin lipped smile, nodded his head and replied,
"Then the matter is settled. I will rely on agent Bareback to carry out this
decision in forty-eight hours if our plant is still held by the CIA."

	Meanwhile the subject of the meeting was in the process of being
introduced to the pack of curs that had been brought to the interrogation room
to assist the police in discovering what information she might have concerning
the string of hijackings that had been taking place in the area for the last six
weeks. Magda was too weak to spend time worrying about her situation. She could
do nothing but absorb whatever torment they chose to provide.

	The impact from the first dog trying to mount her, threw the agent's
body against her bonds and slammed her shoulders into the wooden stock holding
her head immobile. The pain that was generated shot through her body. Then she
felt the animal's cock trying to find her cunt; it poked wildly in the vicinity
but was unable to secure a coupling that would be sufficient to allow the dog to
begin its assault. There were some hoots and laughter from the crowd who had
come to witness her degradation. One of the police made the mistake of trying to
assist the dog and for his troubles he received a rather severe bite that made
him retreat, cursing as he wrapped a handkerchief around his bleeding hand. The
cur resumed his furious search for her cunt and this time his slimy prick sank
deep into her dry hole, bringing a gasp of pain and then a long, drawn out groan
from her as it began to viciously power its way deep within her well used hole.
No man could fuck with the force and blind fury of this crazed animal, this she
knew. Despite the rapidity with which its dripping cock flashed in and out of
her, it did not put as much pressure on her stretched cunt as many of her
customers. However it was a rare customer who bit and scratched as he fucked
away inside her.

	A second animal was released and it made a beeline for her exposed face.
Prior to that, some type of dental device had been forced into her mouth nearly
dislocating her jaws. She vaguely remembered a foul smelling rag being rubbed
over her face. Now she understood what had been done to her. To the sex maddened
dog her open mouth  with its scent of a bitch in heat was just another place to
ram its dripping red cock, and so it did. The sensation of the animal's cock
battering away inside her open mouth, and on occasion actually hitting the back
of her throat was terrifying. The pain was reason enough, but the additional
fear that its dripping length of hard flesh would become lodged in her throat
drove her to near madness.

	Things got worse as the first cur began to spurt its cum into her.
Before it could withdraw its slime covered prick from her spasming cunt, its
knot formed, effectively connecting the animal to its "bitch", nature's way of
assuring the survival of the canine species, but just another ugly surprise for
the animal to deal with. It immediately resorted to brute force, yelping and
scratching at her bent body in a mindless attempt to break free of her. The
animal's fear seemed to trigger off a sympathetic response in the other brute
that was blindly face-fucking Magda.

	It increased its assault and actually got its cock half way down her
throat on a number of occasions. The agent gagged and tried to vomit, which was
one of the worse possible things she could do. This drove the dog into a frenzy
and it spilled its cum in torrents into her open mouth and down her throat,
forcing her to choke even more as the ocean of dog semen poured into her belly.
Unlike the dog now firmly attached to her cunt, this  one was able to disengage
and it dropped onto the floor, curled up and did what dogs usually do, licking
its spent dick and grooming its fur as the audience of police roared with
laughter at the woman's complete and total degradation.

	To make it more entertaining, two dogs were turned loose this time. The
police roared and cheered as the two brutes tried to simultaneously face fuck
their captive while at the same time the third animal continued its fruitless
search for a way to free itself from the prison of the agent's cunt. Its nails
raked her back leaving deep bloody furrows behind, but still there was no relief
from her death grip. It dug its paws into the concrete floor and scratched the
skin from them in another vain attempt to loosen itself. Meanwhile the two dogs
battling for access to Magda's mouth were locked in a snarling fight to the
finish, ignoring their prey as they fought for superiority and the right to face
fuck the bitch that awaited the winner's pleasure.

	The noise from the animals was deafening in the confines of the closed
room and some of the audience began to react negatively to what was transpiring.
They had not come here to watch a dog fight or some stupid animal get itself
coupled to the woman and be unable to break itself free. Finally one of the men
came forward and delivered a brutal kick to the ribs of the dog locked tightly
within Magda's channel. It only took a few seconds for blood to begin issuing
from the brute's mouth. The vicious kick had broken some of its ribs and fatally
punctured a lung. The animal was in its death agonies and the room became quiet
except for the snarling war between the two other dogs still battling it out for
the right to use Magda.

	As the animal expired, its knot shrunk finally, releasing the lifeless
animal which was now nothing but a mass of cooling fur and flesh huddled beneath
the agent's bleeding back and buttocks. At about the same time there was a
winner between the two dogs fighting for access to the agent's open mouth. The
victor was immediately up on it hind legs pushing its dripping red cock deep
into the woman's mouth. The defeated animal was so badly torn up that it had no
interest in taking its turn at the now available gaping hole this strange
looking bitch provided.

	About half the audience took their leave, disappointed in what had been
presented so far. Later they would regret their impetuous behavior. Ilar became
concerned abut the amount of bleeding the first dog had caused when it became
locked up with their prisoner. He went  out and found a heavy coat that had once
belonged to one of the police who had long since left for something better. He
waited patiently until the dog raping the woman's mouth had its fill, then he
placed the coat over her bleeding back and pinned it so that it protected her
thighs as well. He got some mocking applause and cheers from the remaining
police. It was then that he came up wth the bright idea of letting the next
animal have a go at this stubborn woman's asshole, but not before he had made it
a bit easier to enter.

	There were two women among the dwindling audience, both were known to be
lesbians and thus were able to deal with being in a mostly male dominated
environment. Ilar approached one of them, a heavy-set woman in her late thirties
and spoke to her. A thin-lipped smile crossed the woman's face and she left the
room. Ilar then announced to the audience that when she returned she would give
a demonstration of how the ladies took care of prisoners who refused to
cooperate with their interrogators. In the meantime he turned another dog loose
on the agent's face and this diverted the crowd until the woman returned.

	By the time the police woman returned, Magda, nee Chloe, was bleeding
heavily from the mouth as the result of the brutal beating it had been taking
from the thick,  jack-hammering dog cock. She had choked down a number of
offerings from this animal that seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of cum
churning from its balls. Her throat was swollen and raw from the battering it
had taken from each dog that used her face. In a sense they were almost doing
her a favor by now letting the animals concentrate of her asshole and cunt.

	The men broke into cheers and obscene comments as the police woman
paraded, naked from the waist down, a length of black hard rubber jutting up
from her thick, dark haired pubic bush. This replica of the male sex organ made
most of the audience feel slightly inferior when they mentally compared their
equipment with that piece strapped to her body. She grinned evilly as she
approached the dazed and bleeding prisoner. The woman spit into her hand and
used that to lubricare the thick dildo that she centered between Magda's cheeks.
Her hips thrust forward and the head of her dildo breached the tough muscle
guarding Chloe's anus.

	Their captive let out a cry of agony and then an even louder one as the
guard began to drive the hard rubber weapon deeper and deeper into Magda's tight
tunnel. It took some time but finally all but perhaps an inch was buried inside
the sobbing captive. A loud cheer went up from the audience. It grew even louder
as she proceeded to ream out her victim's anal passage with long powerul
strokes. The woman was an expert with this dildo and many of the men shuddered
at the thought of her taking up a position behind them and jamming it up their
assholes with a series of powerful thrusts. A few of the men secretly were
sexually aroused at the thought of her dominating them in this way, but they
would never reveal this to even their closest friends.

	The woman continued to anally rape the agent until her dildo was coated
with a combination of blood and whatever else the thick length of hard rubber
had stirred up deep within the prisoner's bowels. Then to even louder cheering
from her audience she paraded to the front of their captive and jammed the
stained rubber dildo deep into Magda's mouth and down her throat until only a
few inches of the dildo protruded from the red-faced prisoner, who was beginning
to suffocate since her throat was totally blocked by the thick piece. She placed
her hands on her hips and moved the dildo from side to side, causing more damage
to the already sore and swollen lining of the agent's throat.

	"Kill her, kill her! Choke the fucking bitch to death! Make her eyes pop
from their sockets!" One of the policemen had lost complete control of his mind
at the sight that he was witnessing. It wasn't Magda Neta that he saw, it was
his wife, who had ground him down to a nub after years and years of complaining
about any and everything that he did. Things were getting weirder and weirder by
the minute. Even Ilar could sense the animal-like atmosphere that now existed in
this torture chamber. Things were on the verge of getting out of hand, and he
was a bit frightened at the prospect of this gang suddenly moving forward and
tearing his prisoner limb from limb before he could turn her over to his friends
from America.

	Ilar grabbed the woman and pulled her away from his prisoner. The sound
of her dildo being jerked from her victim's throat was sickening, and seemed to
bring the group back to their senses. This is not to say that their blood-lust
was completely satiated, far from it. The lady cop had one last trick to pull
from her bag. She yanked the dildo from the webbing that held it and rammed it
deep into Chloe's cunt, slamming it back and forth to seat it as deeply as was
possible. The agent's voice cracked as she tried to express the agony she was
undergoing. Now satisfied, the guard stood up and flaunted her nakedness in
front of those men who at this moment were almost cowed by her presence. It
would make for many interesting stories, some partially true and many
fabricated, that would be told for years afterwards about the event that told
place in this concrete cell.

	In an attempt to finish the prisoner off as rapidly as possible to avoid
any further damage to her already weakened body, they released the largest cur
of the pack and watched as the brute made a quick circle of his bitch. For a
moment it appeared that the animal might try to mount Magda's bleeding mouth
which would have defeated the purpose of what had taken place before the dog had
been freed to bring the curtain down on this horror show. Ilar quickly
intervened and stuffed a filthy rag into the open mouth of his prisoner.

	Then it made its move and with one bound raised its body so that it
could penetrate the only available hole his bitch was now offering. Its red,
dripping cock pistoned back and forth as it tried to sink into the woman's
winking brown eye. Once it actually penetrated her for a brief moment, but she
jerked her body far enough away to break the contact. The dog rewarded her with
a vicious bite to her left ass cheek that brought a hoarse howling from her
cracking voice. Then it resumed its attack with a fury that no man could
possibly generate. Over and over the head of the animals' dick pounded and
punched away in the vicinity of her asshole. Then just as most of the audience
was beginning to give up hope that it would ever make contact, the head of its
dick disappeared betweeen her pale cheeks. The dog was now in position to ream
her out to its  heart's content.

	Chloe begged, prayed and tried to retain her sanity as her asshole was
torn asunder by the relentless assault of the sex crazed animal. Her tight
tunnel did slow the brute's movements somewhat, but as time elapsed her asshole
began to lose its elasticity and gape open wider and wider as the dog drilled
away inside her.Then with a volley of barks that grew higher in pitch with time
the animal began to empty its balls into Magda's sore asshole as she sobbed and
wept. Then the knot formed and all hell broke loose. The crazed animal tried to
break the connection to his bitch's asshole but was unsuccessful no matter what
approach it tried. Brute force was not the answer, biting and snarling also
brought no relief, the lock held.

	Fortunately for the prisoner, the overcoat protected most of her body
from the dog's vicious attacks. It finally exhausted itself and sprawled across
her back, which was the smartest thing the dumb brute could have done. Within
two or three minutes the knot began to subside. In another few minutes it was
able to extricate itself from the bond that had formed; the dog was free and it
escaped quickly into the hands of one of the policemen who collared the tired
animal and dragged it away from the woman who seemed to be in some type of
trance. Ilar stepped forward and declared the show to be over, thanking his
fellow officers for their attendance and solidarity in this matter. As they
filed from the room he went about freeing the woman from the bonds that held
her. It was then that Zog made his presence known. "We have plenty of time to
give her one last chance to tell us what she knows before she is sent to the
Americans. Let's take the opportunity." Ilar stared at this partner in
disbelief.


				( To be continued)




				Chloe - Dominated and Degraded


					Chapter 16


	Perhaps it was anger at the stubbornness of their prisoner, perhaps the
realization that they had failed or just the desire to demonstrate what they
could have done to her from the beginning, but Ilar decided to have one more
session with his sullen, silent opponent. What did it matter the condition she
was in when they turned her over to the Americans. They were merely guests in
the country, not the masters. Still he thought it to be rather ironic that the
prisoner, who would suffer greatly over the course of the next few hours, was so
weakened from her previous ordeals that she had to be transported to the
interrogation room by stretcher.

	They men who transported Chloe dumped her naked body onto the concrete
floor and left her to face those two brutes who had tormented the agent day
after day after day in a fruitless attempt to make her tell them about something
of which she had absolutely no knowledge. Zog gave her unprotected ribs a
vicious kick, sort of an announcement of things to come. She groaned and rolled
herself into a tight ball. Ilar moved forward and after a moment's thought drive
the toe of his boot into her hip, flipping her onto her back. Zog took full
advantage of her vulnerability by stomping her twice in the stomach, the second
time his heavy boot just missing her swollen cunt mouth. Magda retched but
nothing came up, just some acid laden bile that she drooled onto the floor
before she took another brutal kick to the back of her head. Her body went into
convulsions and she quivered and twitched, flinging her arms and legs out
spasmodically, her movements jerky as if there was some type of electric current
coursing through her body.

	The pair watched with satisfaction as their victim shivered and groveled
at their feet, her body moving uncontrollably. "Let's string her up and get down
to business." Zog said, reaching down to grab a handful of the woman's dark hair
so he could drag her to her feet. Meanwhile Ilar produced a pair of manacles and
used them to cuff her hands behind her back. His partner gave him a wolfish
grin, realizing what Ilar intended to do next. While Zog held Chloe erect, his
hands mauling her big breasts, his companion connected a chain to the cuffs and
then cranked the winch until her arms were pulled up and back to their limit.
Zog took full advantage of her pose, twisting her breasts cruelly and scoring
her nipples with his sharp fingernails. Magda grunted as he tormented her sore
mounds. Her grunts turned to shrill cries of agony as the cuffs bit into the
flesh of her wrists, drawing blood. Then with the assistance of Zog, Ilar
cranked the winch a few more turns and the agent's body was now suspended a mere
inch or so above the floor, all her weight now concentrated in her straining
shoulder muscles.

	It was Zog's comment about the stench emanating from their prisoner that
gave Ilar the idea to get the fire hose from outside the cell they occupied. He
dragged it inside and Zog's face lit up as he figured out what his partner's
intentions were. "Go outside and turn on the water so I can give this pig a bath
and get the smell from her body." Ilar ordered. It took a mighty effort from Zog
to get the valve to open sufficiently that a stream of water spurted from the
writhing hose in Ilar's hands. He called to his companion for help and soon the
two of them had gained enough control of the hose to begin to torture their
victim with the powerful jet of brackish water that poured from it.

	At first they concentrated on Chloe's big tits, blasting them flat as
her body swung like a pendulum from the force of the water stream. Soon tiring
of that sport, they began playing the water onto the sides of her tits making
them change shape and actually stand away from her chest. Zog delighted in
aiming the stream directly at Magda's nipples and watching them try to spread
themselves across her tits as the water drilled into them. Now they moved
downward, driving her body back as the blast of water turned her belly concave.
Then they carefully directed the jet of liquid pain into her hairy pubes,
spreading the curly hair away so the hammering water could begin its rape of her
sore, swollen cunt that had been previously ravaged by the dildo as well as at
least one of those horrible curs. Chloe began to find it most difficult to
breath as her stomach and groin took this savage pounding. The spray flying from
her naked battered body also impeded her ability to draw air into her lungs.

	Things got very dangerous when the hose escaped from their control,
sending the powerful jet of punishing force all over the room, sometimes
battering their captive, other times spashing over the walls. Then it happened,
the jet hit the agent squarely in the forehead, snapping her head back and
nearly breaking her neck. In a panic they wrestled the hose and managed to turn
the water down onto the floor. Then still holding on for dear life, they slowly
moved back to the door and then out into the corridor. There Zog let the hose go
and made an attempt to turn off the water. He was partially successful, which
allowed them to regain control of the hose. For some odd reason their inability
to avoid severely harming their prisoner had the effect of making them even more
determined to hurt her badly.

	When they reentered the room with the hose still spurting, but not
nearly at the same level of force, they observed their captive hanging limply
from her cuffed wrists with her arms at a grotesque angle. It became immediately
obvious that in the process of using the hose as a battering ram they had
inadvertently caused her shoulders to become dislocated. Her face was that of a
ghost, wet, and icy to the touch with a pallor that seemed to be announcing the
approach of death. They became panic stricken, knowing full well that no one
would protect them from the wrath of the Americans if she was to die before they
had a chance to interrogate her.

	It was Ilar who took charge, instructing Zog in the way to bring the
unconscious agent down from the chain without harming her further. Then he sent
his companion out to get some blankets or even clothing that could be used to
warm the woman's body. While this was in progress, Ilar did his best to assess
the state of Magda's health. She was breathing, although at less than normal
based on the frequency and depth of each breath. Her shoulders were swollen from
being dislocated. He took a deep breath and tried to pop one of them into place,
but did not have enough strength to accomplish the deed. He decided that he
would need the assistance of Zog, and hoped that his return would be swift. He
was most concerned over her cold skin and eyes that had slipped back into her
head. He pulled off his tunic and wrapped it around the agent's body as best he
could, realizing as he shivered that the room was quite cold, not the best
environment for Chloe to regain her strength.

	Zog returned with a blanket and a number of pieces of burlap. Ilar
immediately put Zog to the task of assisting him in popping Magda's dislocated
shoulders back into place. It took a number of tries to get the first one
properly located within its socket. The second went more smoothly. Fortunately
for all concerned she remained unconscious throughout the painful process. They
swaddled her in the blanket and burlap. This time Ilar went to find some kind of
medical help. They had precious little time to restore her senses and get her
into a condition that would allow them to avoid the anger of those who wielded
great influence over their commander.

	A few whiffs of smelling salts plus a shot of adrenaline administered by
the prison doctor brought the agent around.He expressed dismay at her condition,
but went no further since it was not his business to tell the police what they
should or should not do. He left them instructions on applying ice packs to her
shoulders to reduce the swelling and advised them to keep her arms immobilized
lest she do herself more harm by moving them. He also gave them a powerful
sedative that she was to take to allow her to sleep soundly that night. He also
diplomatically suggested that they find a place other than the large prison cell
for her to rest . They used lengths of rope to keep her arms from moving, but
their efforts were only partially successful. More than once in the next few
hours their captive grunted in agony from a misdirected move of her arms. Had
they had their wits about them they might have realized that there were some
dramatic things taking place in the body of their prisoner.

	To an outside observer significant changes would have become obvious
after a few days of physical abuse. The woman was healing at a rapid rate, much
greater than would be expected. The more serious her injuries, the more dramatic
the healing. However the two men doing the interrogation were so focused on
hurting her that they never noticed the changes taking place in areas that they
had previously damaged. They were so busy putting new cuts, welts and bruises
into her body, that they paid no attention to those they had already created.
Had there been a physician in attendance during this lengthy process he would
have picked up on this fact almost immediately and brought it to his superior's
attention. Had this been done, what happened in the next couple of days more
than likely would never have occurred.

	By the next morning their prisoner had made a miraculous recovery. In
fact she showed so much improvement that Zog and Ilar gave her a private
going-away rape party just to show her that there were no hard feelings and they
did find her attractive as a piece of fuckmeat. So when Chloe was turned over to
the gentlemen from the clandestine organization that almost everyone knew to be
the CIA, her asshole and cunt were dripping with the offerings of her former
torturers.

	The man, agent Adam Adams, who handled her processing was an old veteran
of many operations and to him this Albanian whore was just another pawn to be
examined and squeezed for any information she might be carrying. He quickly
leafed through the two page report that came with her and sighed. This one did
not sound promising at all. He once again cursed the fates that had put him in
this zone of operation surrounded by third world incompetents. Since she did not
appear to be worth any significant amount of time to investigate, he decided to
use her to check out some new equipment that had just come into the shop.

	The gear consisted of a helmet that screwed into a fitted collar that
was placed around the detainee's neck to guarantee an airtight fit. Connected to
the helmet was an umbilical that was capable of piping in sound, smell, light
and most importantly oxygen or other gases. Naturally all those elements could
be metered from the small handheld computer that controlled the inputs to the
helmet. The instructions were most direct, this was not a toy, it was an
interrogation tool that had been developed after years of research and
development at the cost of many tens of millions of dollars. This was the first
model released to the field agents and feedback concerning its ability to
enhance the agency's information gathering activities was mandatory. As with
most government issue equipment, including things as mundane as flush toilets
and as complex as nuclear tipped ICBMs, this apparatus came with lots of
paperwork., all of which the agent studiously ignored.

	It looked like it was going to be a slow day so he decided to kill two
birds with one stone. Not only would he check out the new interrogation tool on
this whore, he'd also see how she fared in the ice box, a room where stubborn
detainees were stripped naked and strapped to a metal chair before the room
temperature was dropped to just above freezing. Then every few minutes a fine
mist of water would be sprayed over the shivering occupant of the chair. It
usually took less than two hours for the detaineee to give up any useful
information they overlooked in their initial "debriefing".

	Adams called on a couple of local employees to help him get Magda Neta
down to the ice box or meat locker as some called it. They were more than happy
to help when they got a look at the detainee in the nude. To agent Adams the
sight of all that body hair turned him off big time, but it sure got his
flunkies all in a lather. He debated about perhaps letting them tear off a piece
to improve morale, but tabled the idea until after he had squeezed her good and
proper. One thing the agent did notice was that the marks on the woman's body,
and there were plenty, did not match up to the time the police claimed they
worked on her. Most of them were nearly healed, normally a process that might
take weeks. He wondered whether this one was some kind of a pain freak that let
her customers beat her up or worse, in exchange for her fee. It took all kinds,
even out here in the armpit of Europe.

	His guys got a little crazy when as they were strapping the naked woman
into the chair she started to respond to their little pats and pokes. Worse
still they got a load of all the cum oozing out of her lower holes and that
nearly drove them into a frenzy. Agent Adams hollered at them in the few words
of Albanian that he had committed to memory, calling them sons of sows and
threatening them with arrest. All the while the prisoner stared a hole through
Adam Adams, not something he usually encountered in the dregs he saw here.
Naturally his interest in his prisoner increased rapidly. This one might be fun
after all. It was a slow day, he might as well have get some entertainment from
this creature with the furry pubes and armpits. His flunkies had a good time
inserting the probes into her various orifices as well as taping others to such
strategic locations as her nipples and underarms to monitor her vital signs as
she went through the automated preliminary interrogation session. Once she had
been softened up, then the serious business of finding out what she actually
knew would commence.

	The helmet, like all high tech gear, had an enormous number of bells and
whistles. According to the instruction manual up to twenty-seven different
languages could be piped into the detainee's helmet along with random screams,
curses, animal roars and hisses, industrial noises selected for their effect on
the prisoner's nervous system and ultrahigh frequency sounds ten decibels above
the pain threshold for humans. A built in strobe light could be programmed to
provide random bursts of optical stimulation. To assure the best results from
this portion of the helmet's suite of stimuli, the subject's eyes would be taped
open during the session.

	The range of smells that could be created boggled the agent's mind. He
didn't understand most of the chemical names, but someone had taken the time to
translate the chemistry into understandable words most field agents could
handle. For example mercaptan translated to skunk aroma, not too bad for a
techno-geek. Finally there were the gases and the way they could be monitored.
Naturally there was air, oxygen for special occasions, tear gas, a modified
mustard gas and one tha induced vomiting and could only be used for brief
periods of time or the subject could be irrevocably harmed and rendered useless
for further interrogation. Adams decided to reserve that one for part of the
grand finale.

	One weakness Adam Adams had was for computers. He could not resist
making the programs as complicated as possible. For this one he programmed the
language to switch back and forth from English to Albanian. He arranged for the
smells to alternate with air while cycling at random, except for the vomiting
gas which was to be used only at the very end of the session. He developed an
algorithm that allowed the strobe and sound tapes to play against each other,
one feeding back into the other in a random pattern. Adam realized that in a
sense he was casting pearls before swine since his subject was probably nothing
but some dumb whore who was in the wrong place at the wrong time and was now
paying the penalty for her bad luck.

	He set up the cameras to record the session and stepped out of the
insulated room. He threw a switch on the wall that started the refrigeration
unit pumping away to reduce the temperature in the chamber down to two degrees
Celsius, just above the freezing point of water. He overrode the subsystem
controlling the mist so he could verify that is was working properly. Satisfied
that all systems were functioning as advertized, Adam Adams took one last look
at the shivering whore and left to do some paper work. He planned to check back
every half hour or so to gauge her progress.

	The first time he checked his subject she was shaking like a leaf in a
wind storm from the combination of cold and the hell that she was suffering
inside that helmet. Her vital signs were bouncing around from normal to
abnormally high or low about every twenty seconds. He switched into the audio
portion of the feed and was taken aback by the insane screaming and cursing that
was battling with the fearsome sounds of grinders cutting through metal. Every
so often he could pick out a "cunt" or "die bitch" that loomed up from the
cacophony. It gave the seasoned agent a vague sense of unease even to be exposed
to just a few moments of one portion of what was happening within that black
glass chamber that was feeding this ocean of stimuli into its victim. One thing
he couldn't help noticing was the stiffness of the prisoner's nipples, and the
way her muscles contracted as the mist played over her goose fleshed body that
was still oozing the cum that had been pumped into her earlier this morning.

	The next time he became troubled when he checked the subject's vital
signs. Many of them were at normal, and the ones that were varying were doing so
over a very narrow range. It was almost as if the helmet had stopped
functioning. A quick check of the audio channel convinced him of the error of
that speculation. How was she able to cope with this sensory overload? There was
something afoot that he did not understand, or appreciate. He examined the
woman's body for signs and what he saw gave him a very uneasy feeling. She was
no longer shivering, yet the temperature was at two degrees Celsius and even as
he watched, a fine mist was spraying over her and he could actually see ice
crystals forming briefy before encountering her body. Adam decided to let the
session go for another half hour before calling for assistance. He knew how much
his superiors dreaded having to do anything that got their hands dirty or made
their atrophied minds function as they did when they too were field agents.

	Twenty minutes later the alarm sounded at Adam Adams' desk, pulling him
away from the deadly dull drivel he was scanning. There was something wrong in
the ice box. He raced down to the room and took one quick look at the readouts
of the subject's condition. She had gone into some type of  coma; her signs were
uniformly low, but quite steady, as if they had gone into a safing mode. What
kind of human being had this capability? Whoever or whatever this woman was, she
was giving him a demonstration that made the hair on the back of his neck stand
at attention. This was very serious stuff he had stumbled upon, of that he was
damn well sure.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chloe - Dominated and Degraded&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (lex ludite)&nbsp; 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 17



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Half an hour later the prisoner showed no sign of coming out of the comatose state in which he found her. He heaved a sigh, checked his monitor board just to make sure that some gremlin hadn't been screwing with it, and having no other alternative, put in a call to the station chief. Like many members of the Company that had reached their highest rank, his supervisor wanted nothing but smooth sailing until he retired or was given an offer he couldn't refuse. He listened without saying a word as Adams unburdened himself concerning the situation involving this new prisoner who wasn't acting like anyone he'd ever encountered here or any place else. His laconic response to this strange tale was short and to the point; Adam Adams was to wait for him to arrive, and tell no one what he had told the station chief.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While waiting for the old man to make an appearance, the agent checked on his catatonic prisoner. All her vital signs were still well below normal and amazingly constant. He also saw that a particular bruise he'd noted on one of her breasts, obviously made by a pair of pliers, had totally disappeared. He mentally kicked himself for not photographing the woman before he began his tests. Since the setup had taped the entire session, he did have some low resolution visual history that could be analyzed by the pros in Belgium or back at Langley. However in an attempt to cover his ass further, he got one of the high resolution cameras from storage and started snapping away, concentrating on the various marks decorating her bare body.They evidently had a field day working on her jugs and that hairy pussy, which was still well covered with healing gashes, deep welts and burns made by cigarettes and what looked to be a soldering iron. He wondered how far up her cunt they'd used it, but immediately put that sick thought out of his mind for the moment. He did however stick his finger into her fuck box and poked it around to get a sample of anything that might have been pumped into her, such as semen. There was a goodly amount, and so he collected some on a slide and stored that away.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The station chief, Bill Janson, arrived and started to ask questions the moment he saw Adams. The agent walked his boss through the new field interrogation unit, showing him that it was in working order. The older man winced when he got an earful of what the instrument was capable of delivering. His nose wrinkled in response to the terrible smells that emanated from the device. Then he homed in on the language capabilities and questioned Adams on his reasons for programming Albanian and English. Satisfied with the agent's answers he asked if there was any correlation to the prisoner's response to either language. That was something that the younger agent hadn't thought of doing. Naturally his boss immediately decided that he get cracking on that and report any findings to him pronto. He also ordered that their "guest" be put in a safe place and kept under quarantine until they got to the bottom of this mystery. Finally he stared his subordinate in the eye and warned him not to say a word about what had happened here.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Adams decided that he might as well get some entertainment out of this less than exciting task&nbsp; by developing a simple program that would correlate the two languages to the "subject's" reactions. At this point in the game Magda Neta had now been elevated in status, thus her new title. A few hours of writing the program expanded into a few more to debug his effort. It was early evening before he ran the first tape, and nearly midnight before all the tapes had been analyzed for any correlation between her physical reponses and the language she'd heard. At first he could see no connection, which didn't surprise him. After all why would someone like this be fluent in English? 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Midway through the tapes he got this eerie feeling that his boss must be psychic. Gradually a correlation to English and her physical responses began to appear. It almost looked as if she was learning the language at some incredible rate while she was being bombarded by all sorts of stimuli. By the time he had looked at the final tape, just before she went into the coma, the correlation was so strong that even a non technical person could have interpreted what was going on. The hair on the back of his neck stiffened. He had stumbled upon something that reeked of big time spying. The only question that remained was for which side was Magda Neta working?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Back at FBI headquarters things were almost back to normal except for the final resolution of the matter involving the agent formerly known as Chloe Starkers. Her replacement was being put through her paces in Bram Bareback's office. It was well after all but the most dedicated agents had gone home to their families, friends and pets. Mavis Watson was the first black female agent to be assigned to Bareback's section. One look at her file, which included a few discrete pictures of the young agent in her birthday suit, posed full front, rear and side, and he knew that she was the leading candidate to take over the duties of Chloe Starkers, who was at present on "medical" leave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Like her predecessor, Mavis had some sexual issues that worked to her disadvantage. This twenty-something woman was about as close to being a nymphomaniac as anyone who had ever passed through Quantico bootcamp. She had been nailed by half the trainers, all of whom were greatly impressed by her energy and enthusiasm for making the nation strong and free by putting out for its front line personnel who were fighting this private war. To say that Mavis Watson was built was akin to describing Mount Everest as just a snow-capped mountain. However she had a terrible weakness for guys with, shall we say, large sex organs. Worse still, she loved taking those big hunks of meat in every hole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a simple matter for Bram Bareback to have her apartment bugged with the same type of equipment that brought Chloe Starkers to her knees, in more ways than one. In one week she took on fourteen different partners, every one of them well hung. Nine of them nailed her asshole, which in the sovereign state her residence was located, constituted a felony. Naturally this was brought to her attention by her kind and caring section chief who offered her a way out of this predicament. She jumped at the chance, especially after she discovered that he was rather well endowed for a white man.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He and his faithful secretary soon discovered that this agent was cut from different cloth. They tried the old salted coffee routine on her but she merely went to the ladies room and pissed like a cow anytime she felt the spirit move her. Keeping her at her desk with a chain around one ankle proved disastrous as well. She merely brought in a bedpan and used that to relieve herself as her section compatriots gawked. Needless to say this approach was quickly aborted. A compromise of sorts was negotiated between the parties. Mavis agreed to be disciplined after hours on alternate days provided no more tapes were made of her at her apartment. Bareback had all but two cameras removed, so he was still able to enjoy watching his new find do the nasty with an army of well hung dudes, some of whom worked in this very building.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Today, to take his mind off the impending demise of Magda Neta, nee Chloe Starkers, he was having Mavis and his secretary, Adele Rankine, do a hot sixty-nine show for him prior to them jumping his bones. As the two women took turns on top, he focused his attention on the light chocolate skin of agent Watson's heart-shaped ass, decorated with six of the best delivered by Adele's rattan yardstick as she called it. He had been excited tremendously by the way each stroke bit deep into her firm cheeks, neatly cutting in two each globe, then slowly mushrooming into a swollen ridge of flesh. He was always amazed at how that perfect rump could absorb punishment like this and be ready for another dose in forty-eight hours.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was hard to believe that in less than two hours some faceless, nameless technician working&nbsp; for another part of his organization would push a button and thousands of miles away two of his agents would disappear forever. He could not help but wonder if this event might hinder his rapid rise into the upper echelons of the Bureau. It took Adele's warm, wet mouth wrapping around his cock, which had begun to lose some of its rigidity, to bring him back to the present and the delightful perk attached to this position. Meanwhile Mavis was demonstrating another of her skills by clambering up onto his desk and presenting him with her freshly shaven pussy for some serious gash gobbling. This was one white man who loved to eat black pussy and he would always have a special place in her heart for this characteristic that made him seem almost human.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Special agent Vlad was leaving nothing to chance. He invited himself into the secure facility that housed the central transmitter that communicated with the satellite network covering the areas of interest for the various organizations tasked with uncovering the secrets held by their adversaries. His credentials were impeccable and so he was ushered into the gallery area to witness the command being sent that would cause the embedded kill switch in each agent to be activated. This method of deactivation was a bloodless, almost sterile process, not favored by one such as agent Vlad who firmly believed in the personal touch. The target would abruptly cease to function as the result of what could only be described as a brain hemorrhage. Field agents Starkers and Connover would be permanently stricken from the files.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What had not been taken into consideration was the latent influence of the "quick healer" neurotransmitter cocktail that had been used to enable both agents to survive the brutal torture session prior to their transformation into completely rebuilt people who had no connection physically or mentally to their previous personalities. It took a few seconds for the commands to be coded and sent to two locations on the European continent. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Magda Neta, who was stored in a secured room at the Company's post in Triana, had retreated into a safing mode to avoid being revealed as an agent of the Bureau. Honey Connover, now known as Bella Grobnik, was having sex with a pair of customers in a little town called Sciacca in Sicily, just across from her ultimate destination of Tunisia. Despite the neurotransmitter cocktail, she succumbed, leaving her two customers in a state of shock, more so the one getting the blowjob, who would tell his story for the next ten years to any and all who would listen about his close brush with the hereafter while being sucked off by a dying prostitute.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Adam Adams peeked in to check the status of his prize catch. He paled when he saw her bloodless features, cold and stiff, a faint bluish tinge already beginning to cover them with a blankness signifying death. Her chest was motionless. He searched for a pulse and found none. Frantic, he called for help and one other agent who was occupying the station at that time responded. He too confirmed Adam's worst fear; the mystery woman had somehow passed away, and for all the world it looked as if it was from natural causes. He knew that there would be hell to pay, but that was why he got paid the big bucks, so he thought to himself cynically.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe - Dominated and Degraded&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (lex ludite)



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 18



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no doubt that there would be hell to pay over this fiasco. Adam could just see his pension going up in smoke as he was accused, tried and convicted for unauthorized use of government equipment and facilities. There was no one else to put the blame on, he was the one who had brought this matter to the station chief's attention and then agreed to keep it a secret from any of the other agents at the post. In the game of tag, he was it!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The senior agent would be due in less than an hour and there was nothing he could do but wait and hope for a miracle. In the cold room a miracle was stirring, recovering from the trauma associated with a near death experience. Magda/Chloe was having a very difficult time deciding who was who. The attempt to deactivate her had created havoc with the recent reprogramming. Some portions of the code were intact, others totally gone. The Chloe side of the house had no idea how she got here and yet could not believe that at long last she finally had a pair of real tits that made her look like a woman instead of a young boy who needed a haircut.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Magda Neta on the other hand was wondering what happened to all those vicious dogs that had recently gang fucked her. She was also having a difficult time coming to grips with the fact that now she thought in a combination of Albanian and English. She recalled being placed in this room and having her mind scrambled by that strange headpiece that tried to blind and deafen her. There&nbsp; was something about an airplane ride fighting with the memory of some guy asking her if she would give him a blowjob for five dollars.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The double agent, now one for sure in a literal sense, was cold and she shivered as she rocked and hugged herself to create some body heat. If the truth be known, the Chloe side of the agent had only taken some peripheral damage, unlike her alter ego who had sustained major hits to her psyche and personality, not to mention short and long term memory. As she patiently waited for someone to appear and free her from this chilly room her memory began to assert itself. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were brief glimpses of her roommate, Honey Connover, who unbeknownst to her had not survived the deactivation process. Then she was in her teens immediately after being initiated into womanhood, mountain style, by a band of boys who took her by force and swore her to secrecy under the threat of claiming that she had seduced them into having sex with her. She had been so lonely and so helpless at that point. She remembered swearing that nothing like that would ever occur to her again. That was when the first flashback to her nightmare as a sex slave to her boss at the Bureau came over her. Chloe/Magda began to sob and that is the way they found her when Adam and his station chief entered the room.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bill Janson hit the ceiling for a few brief moments before realizing that someone or thing had just fallen into his hands that had the potential to get him the hell out of this god foresaken place and back where he could eat a hamburger and watch the Orioles game live rather than tape delayed by days or even weeks.&nbsp; As for Adam Adams, he was saved from a fate worse than death, and might wind up with a commendation going into his files. The station chief turned into a whirling dervish of sorts, issuing instructions, orders and suggestions in rapid fire sequence. Adams took notes, yet kept looking over at the woman. Physically she was the same, but her body language was vastly different. Rarely did he ever use the word, but "spooky" was the only way he could describe her. He was therefore less than thrilled when the chief ordered him to personally accompany her to the safe house located a few miles from the station, and remain there with her until he received further orders directly from Janson.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Coded messages started to go back and forth between the station and Brussels. This in turn soon escalated to top secret coded messages going back and forth from Brussels to Langley. Then at long last Bill Janson got what he was hoping and praying for, a trip to the US of A as the escort of his mysterious guest. It was poetic justice that he used Magda Neta's perfectly forged passport to transport her to the US. The flight was uneventful, but for the station chief it was uncomfortable as his charge changed personalities every hour or so, speaking sometimes in English, other times in flawless Albanian including some interesting curse words he had not picked up to date on his assignment. It would be nice to say that Bill Janson spent his last few years in service stationed on US soil, but such was not to be. He did however receive a commendation that went into his official file. Adam Adams was sworn to secrecy for his part in this affair and sent to a station located in Uganda, not exactly a choice assignment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The session involving the threesome in Bareback's office moved to his home. Once properly restrained with his custom-made handcuffs, the ones that had the special ratchets powerful enough to scrape bone, Mavis Watson proved to be a pain sponge as well as a total nymphomaniac. Bram licked his lips as he&nbsp; buried his boner deep inside her dilated asshole, the product of Adele's strap-on that had worn away any resistance from her sphincter muscle, leaving Mavis open to whatever might be introduced next. Enjoyable as that was, it soon was topped by what took place in his master bath. They had given the agent a three quart enema consisting of crushed ice in chilled water, laundry detergent, the kind loaded with chemicals to make the sheets smell fresh as well as clean, and a quart of cheap but potent sweet wine. This combination made her start cramping big time first, before the wine kicked in and made her drunk and very amenable to suggestion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To bring her under control Adele had jammed a tight fitting rubber bung into her distended anal pathway, before making her get into the tub and lie face up. Then she and Bram took turns emptying their bladders into her open mouth. Watson's belly was nicely rounded from all the urine she consumed as well as the effects of the three quart enema now reacting with her roiling intestines. At her supervisor's suggestion, Adele oiled up her hand and worked it into Mavis as the agent began to moan in pain. Bram amused himself by pressing his hand against her bulging belly and bladder, laughing at her pitiful begging and watching the progress his secretary's fist was making as it moved purposefully towards the coffee-colored victim's uterus.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bareback decided that there was a much better use for his agent's mouth than to mewl and complain about the terrible agony she was experiencing. In truth this gorgeous pain sponge had reached her limit, but neither the fist now approaching her uterus or the strange sensations she began to feel in her lower intestines abated for even a moment. Now she had to deal with her supervisor's asshole as it descended onto her mouth, cutting off that line of commmunication as well. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She started tongue fucking Bareback's asshole bringing a satisfied groan from him. However her efforts slowed and it was Adele Rankine who finally realized that something was radically wrong. The agent's cunt had clamped down on her arm and it was impossible for her to free herself from its iron grip. Mavis Watson's eyes rolled back into her head and she arched her back as if to throw off Bram's weight that was suffocating her. It took a few precious seconds for the secretary to let her boss know that the agent was in severe difficulty and they better assist her before she was injured seriously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unfortunately for him Mavis went into shock, and no amount of first aid did anything to bring her from it. So they bundled her into his car and drove the agent to the nearest hospital emergency room.&nbsp; As luck would have it, there was a news team covering a fairly ugly gang shooting that had sent a number of the hommies to the big turf war in the sky. That proved to be strike two as the news people homed in on the rather attractive coffee-skinned agent wearing extremely little beyond her bra and garter belt. Moments later it was strike three when one of the news people recognized Bram Bareback from a briefing he had recently attended. By morning Bram, his secretary, Adele, and an airbrushed version of Mavis Watson were on a page one story that implied that there was some serious hanky panky going on after hours at the Bureau. The TV news folk picked up on this one as well, and ran with it, effectively ending Bram Bareback's career in law enforcement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was just as well that Bram did not have to hear the bad news from special agent Vlad that his project was being canceled. Vlad was not one for backing personnel who did not display unwavering loyalty to the cause. He had not been impressed by Bram's implication that additional funding was tied somehow to the shall we say, mysterious disappearance of agents Starkers and Connover, a sort of quid pro quo. Once Vlad had&nbsp; received the erroneous conformation that both agents had been deactivated, he cut the necessary paper to have the project terminated.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile Chloe and her rapidly failing alter ego were being "entertained" at a special facility located a number of miles from CIA headquarters. After receiving a head to toe physical examination that included a number of different types of brain scans, the former Bureau agent was examined by a battery of psychiatrists to assess what permanent damage had been done to her mind. She exhibited fairly normal reactions except in the area of sexual response, which was off scale, and submissive behavior, another of her very stong suites. The recovering agent also showed some interesting and very selective holes in her short term memory. However every effort to match her to any clandestine organization in the US or the rest of the "civilized" world led to failure. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were convinced that whoever programmed her, knew their stuff. It was the "who" part that was frustrating them. It was then that some bright young trainee suggested that they try to match her retina pattern against the files containing all agents for all secret organizations in the nation. Initially he was ignored as those in the know knew that no top agents were listed in that catalogue. Finally to humor him they checked and lo and behold the name of their mystery guest popped up. This was the only flaw in the entire setup, and it allowed them to discover that she was none other than Chloe Starkers, a recently deceased Bureau agent with no special training in espionage. Now that the truth about their guest was known, the issue argued was what to do with this cat's-paw? It soon boiled down to either a frontal lobotomy, an unfortunate accident, or use her as a deep cover double agent to make sure that the folks at the Bureau weren't up to other things that were not covered by their charter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So for the second time in less than six months, Chloe Starkers underwent a complete physical and mental overhaul. In many respects having already been through the wringer once made many portions of the change process easier to handle. In some respects it caused subtle but important changes in her personality that they were unable to pick up with their tests. To date no one had been smart enough to figure out that their double agent had a certain chemical soup infiltrating her body. Despite all the other changes they were causing, the neurotransmitter cocktail that had allowed the Bureau to dare what they almost succeeded in doing, not to mention saving her life when she was deactivated, was still waiting to reactivate itself. In spite of their best efforts, the CIA folks were busily constructing a creation that had no loyalties to any organization. A creation that was dedicated to sustaining her existence, and would do almost anything to meet this objective.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chloe- Dominated and Degraded

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 19



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At roughly the same time as Chloe, or what remained of her, was returned to the US, a Bureau agent by the name of Frances Connolly died in an automobile accident while enjoying an extended vacation in Europe. It turned out that the wheels were already turning to see what opportunities presented themselves if the new double agent that was being prepared could somehow penetrate the Bureau. The timing was right since agent Connolly was not due back for another month, and she had been reassigned to a different location. To make this situation even more attractive the agent in question had no living close relatives and a quick background check indicated that she was not involved with any member of the opposite sex. The upper echelon at the CIA decided to go for it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe was exactly one inch shorter than who she was replacing, but that was easily handled with special lifts in her business shoes. Her full figured body had to be shaved down considerably, approaching the form of the original agent Starkers. A new top-secret process was utilized that used nanotechnology to alter her retinal pattern and fingerprints so she matched those of agent Connolly. Minimal changes in her accent had to be made, but they proved trivial. Exactly three days before the original agent Connolly was due back in the States, Chloe Starkers made the transition. The one thing that amazed and also troubled her handlers was her ability to commit to memory incredible amounts of information on her subject, enabling her to withstand the most challenging interviewer. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The new assignment also meant a new section head, and the CIA spent many hundreds of hours doing detailed background checks on Cynthia Farnsworth. She was in her mid-thirties, married, came from a family well known in Beltway society, had spent the last eight years in various positions of increasing responsibility at the Bureau, and was highly regarded by her organization. What these checks failed to unearth was that Cynthia Farnsworth was bisexual with a very dominant personality, and her marriage was one of convenience since her husband of the past five years was also dominant, and used his wife's circle of friends and associates as a hunting ground for his particular needs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On Monday morning agent Frances Connolly reported to her new assignment In Atlanta. She breezed through the check-in process and was issued a new badge to replace her old one. By one o'clock that afternoon she was at her desk, waiting to be welcomed by her new section chief, agent Cynthia Farnsworth, and given her first assignment. She was not expecting much and was not disappointed. However there was something about her new supervisor that said caution, trouble ahead. Chloe Starkers had strong lesbian tendencies, and this version of her still recognized one of her own kind almost immediately. On the other side of the coin, agent Farnsworth was singularly unimpressed by the new agent, which was fine with Connolly/Starkers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The week crawled by as she attended to her assignments and did her best to keep a low profile. The only initial problem she had was adjusting to the new types of pollen that were native to this area. By midweek she was wheezing and her eyes were red and teary; sleeping had become fitful at best. Chloe/Frances initially attributed the sleep difficulties to her allergic reactions, which prior to now had been nonexistent. Then the dreams started and quickly turned into nightmares. She was back in West Virginia, a lonely girl of fifteen. She relived her rape at the hands of the gang of boys. The next evening she was almost afraid to try to sleep but surrendered to exhaustion and now it wasn' t a gang of boys raping her, it was a pack of slavering dogs, huge creatures with sharp teeth and claws who fought each other for the right to mount their bitch and when they did they revealed enormous cocks that felt as if they were splitting her poor virgin pussy asunder with each and every stroke. She awoke from the nightmare screaming and stayed up until dawn for fear that she would relive that terrifying dream.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Work was now turning into a chore as the combination of allergies and lack of sleep took their toll. It was her supervisor's secretary, a tall, well built, black woman with features marred only by a scar beneath her left eye, who displayed some sympathetic interest for the new agent's plight. Jamela Jefferson had been with her boss for over four years and they had much in common. She too was a dominant lesbian, but traveled in slightly different circles, generally preying on her own race, especially young women in their twenties, mostly those having difficulties identifying their own sexuality. On occasion she had even slept with her supervisor's husband, Greg, not a problem since he and Cynthia had a marriage of convenience and their common interest was in domination not sexual conquest as a stand-alone focus.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Jamela who supplied her new friend with powerful sedatives that&nbsp; helped her sleep and made the nighmares retreat further into her subconscious. At the end of the week a slightly improved agent Connolly accepted Jamela's invitation to go for a drink after work. She never made it home that weekend, which greatly upset her handlers who had been tracking her every move via the ceramic composite microtransducers embedded in her body. To say that her relationship with her supervisor's secretary was sudden and unplanned would not be accurate. The first moment Jamela set eyes on the slim, mousy-looking agent, she decided that she wanted her as a toy. To Jamela this young white woman would be a refreshing change from all those wealthy, insecure, black twenty-somethings who were attracted to her powerful presence like insects to a bright light.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If there was ever a female desperately wanting to be seduced by a powerful woman, this was her. It was almost too easy. First a drink , nothing with too much of a kick to it, some conversation, a few broad hints about having nothing to do this weekend, and then a second drink, this one with a bit of a kick to it. Jamela was well known at this watering hole and always got what she wanted, including a change of drinks without her companion realizing it. Some more conversation, a few more hints that agent Connolly should just let her new friend, Jamela, be her guide on a magical mystery tour of the underground of Atlanta, then closure. She bundled her tipsy prey into a cab and then the drive to her place. The doorman, a black man who she tipped heavily to keep his loyalty, ushering her into the side door and then up the freight elevator with her precious cargo in tow.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she got the door opened and her companion inside, Jamela changed from friend and confidant to mistress. Chloe was ordered to remove all her clothing and leave it in the small closet set into one of the walls of the alcove. She was most pleased to watch her new slave immediately begin to comply with her command. This one was made to order for her needs this weekend. One thing did trouble Jamela somewhat; the girl did not appear to be embarrassed in anyway by standing naked before someone she barely knew, in her apartment no less. To test her limits, the secretary ordered her to spread her cunt lips so she could see what kind of a tramp she had brought home to her nice, well-appointed apartment. In seconds she was staring at the pink her slave was displaying. This was going to be a very interesting weekend thought the black woman. She wasn't going to have to cancel any of her appointments after all.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her guest followed the black dominatrix to the large tiled bathroom and watched dispassionately as her mistress removed her clothing to reveal a body that was firm and well-toned with large melon shaped breasts that showed no sign of sagging without the support of her bra. She had a flat stomach, hips that flared out into the type of womanly curves that attracted the eyes of men as well as jealous women, and long legs that were shapely and almost muscular thanks to the exercise program she studiously followed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Imposing as she was, it was her pubic hair that attracted her new slave's eyes. It was thick and dark as midnight, spreading from thigh to thigh with tendrils that encroached onto her lower belly if that array of abdominal muscles could be described in such a weak term. Jamela looked like the cat that was about to swallow the canary as she watched the look on her little friend's face, and the way she nervously licked her lips. Oh yes, this one was going to be very entertaining. Jamela began to wonder just what her limits might be. Perhaps it might take more than just a weekend to discover the answer.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dominatrix signaled for her slave to kneel before the toilet once she had settled down on it and prepared to release the contents of her bladder, which under normal circumstances she'd have done before leaving&nbsp; the bar. The pale-eyed blonde stared at her mistress as she relieved herself noisily. When Jamela was finished, she tilted her body back and spread her thighs wide. All she had to do was give Frances a stern look and the blonde leaned forward and pushed out her pink tongue so it could clean off the droplets that glistened within the abundant pubic hair she was displaying. Jamela closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations that her new slave's tongue provided.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Afterward the black woman retrieved a chamberpot, the old fashioned type with ears for handles, and instructed Frances that she was to use this and only this when she had to empty her bladder and had received permission from her mistress or her delegate. It was the last portion of that order that made Chloe shiver with dread. Under no circumstances was her cover to be broken, that was her prime directive. The more exposure to people she had, the more risky her disguise became. There would always be a remote but finite chance that someone would recognize that this was not Frances Connolly. That could be fatal for Chloe Starkers or the entity that now contained her, Magda and Frances.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her mistress decided that she and Frances would take a shower together. Soon Chloe found herself kneeling before the black secretary, her tongue buried inside her fat-lipped cunt, working to relax her tight pussy so she might go even deeper to tend to her needs. Jamela's strong hands held onto her slave's hair and guided her face from place to place, making sure that her fast tongue was continuously occupied with learning all her sweet spots both outside and inside that gash of a cunt she possessed. As the warm water cascaded from Jamela's body, Chloe was moved to the insides of her soapy thighs. First she kissed them from the juncture at her torso and then down to just above her knees, going over every inch of the way with tongue and lips while her mistress sighed and crooned that she was doing such a good job she would soon have a reward.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The reward was forthcoming once she finished worshipping the backs of her mistress' legs. Jamela bent over and parted her firm buttocks to reveal that unblinking eye guarding the entrance to her rectum. Chloe did not need any prodding to know what was expected of her. She leaned forward, extended her stiff tongue and probed Jamela's anus, bringing a grunt from her mistress who then backed her hindquarters up against the agent's face. Jamela moved to and fro in a rocking motion pressuring and releasing her slave's tongue which had developed its own life as it continued to try to gain entry into that dark region forbidden to most but not Chloe, her devoted slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The black dominatrix abruptly ended this little reward and in a low throaty voice ordered Frances to gently wash her breasts with the soapy cloth she handed to the agent. Chloe was very careful not to do anything to anger her mistress, rubbing and teasing those firm melons until she could not help but notice the stiffening of the woman's nipples. Jamela once more backed up into her slave's body and ground her buttocks against Chloe's groin. This movement excited the pale blonde to the point that she felt light-headed. Then she heard the word "lower", and she understood immediately that she must be ultra- careful in handling the vulva and vagina of her mistress, even though the soft, soapy cloth was acting as a buffer between her unworthy hands and Jamela's genitals. Somehow she survived this latest test of her skill at worshipping Jamela's holy of holies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once out of the shower, Chloe patted her mistress dry, being very careful not to use too much force. This made Jamela quite happy to have a slave who was such a quick study. She was beginning to think that Frances might be a gift from the gods for some kindness she had done to some nameless seeker of her talents. In truth, no matter what they wanted, it was always what they received that counted in her book. A slave was a slave no matter how rich and powerful they seemed to be before they entered her world and had to do her bidding. This one so far had passed all the tests with surprising ease. Was it possible that she was someone escaped from another master or mistress? This was something that she must learn, and learn quickly. If she only knew how close to the truth she had just come, Jamela would have been for once in her life, truly astonished.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chloe - Dominated and Degraded -Chapter 20 (Revised)



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela's playroom featured a custom made bed quite a bit larger than the standard king-size version. It was covered with black sheets, in stark contrast to the bone-white walls and wood flooring hidden in spots by black area rugs displaying exotic designs in gold and red. There was a vanity, overstuffed chair and a set of small, tastefully designed end pieces located on each side of the bed. Two huge photographs of a naked Jamela dominated the room. One located above the bed showed the woman standing, hands on hips, her powerful legs spread apart, her face glaring down as if she was staring at someone lying on those black sheets. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other was hung at right angles to the tall ebony inlaid cabinet that stood opposite the bed. It featured the dominatrix in a pose that made her appear almost as if she were coiled and ready to strike at some hidden foe or prey. Her body had been oiled for this study and it emphasized her muscular torso. This time her eyes were focused on something located a bit further away, perhaps requiring a step or two before she pounced like some jungle cat. Her new mistress made a mock bow and welcomed the slave-to-be into the inner sanctum where many a lost soul began her way to happiness, at least as defined by Jamela.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe, or was it Frances, was taken by surprise when the dominatrix produced a pair of silvery handcuffs from a drawer in her vanity and in one swift move pulled her hands behind her back and secured them with an ominous click. Jamela chuckled in that throaty way of hers and pushed the candidate slave towards the bed, announcing that it was time for her to show what she could do when properly stimulated. The mistress was far from gentle with the agent, using her open hands to slap those smallish, resculptured breasts back and forth until they were red and swollen. To the blonde, this was nothing compared to what she had been through during the last half year.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela was not amused at the resistance this mousy creature displayed. Many of her clients would have been begging for mercy at this point, but not this one. Spurred on by this breach of conduct, the black dominatrix began pinching her slave's nipples and then raking her breasts with her long, sharp fingernails, leaving a trail of scratches in their wake. After a time the scratches began to bleed, but still the frail-looking agent made no response. This called for sterner measures, which did not sit well with Jamela, who was used to being able to predict the period of resistance that those who visited her displayed. She left the bed and went to the cabinet. Upon opening, it revealed an arsenal of disciplining tools, restraints, and outfits that were part and parcel of Jamela's secret life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde's eyes grew wide when her mistress withdrew from the depths of the cabinet a strap-on dildo, a pair of vibrators, one a large wheeled device, the other known by its users as a pocket rocket, a collection of clamps and clips for various portions of the female anatomy, and a riding crop. Jamela was about to give her slave the short course to make her realize just how overmatched she truly was. Both were in for big surprises. The black woman made Chloe/Frances assume the submissive position, head down, neck bent so that a portion of her face was flat against the sheet. The slave was on her knees, her less than perfect bottom elevated, with legs parted to make her orifices available for her mistress to use in any way she saw fit. The dominatrix wasted no time attempting to establish her utter and complete primacy over her stubborn candidate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The agent grunted in pain as the long, thick dildo strapped to Jamela's loins was slammed into her cunt with no concern for whether or not she was lubricating. Fortunately there was already some moisture available to assist the tool as it buried itself halfway into the slave's tight tunnel. Jamela had to work very hard to move the weapon any significant distance in either direction. It was as if the slave's cunt had clamped so tightly around the hard composite dildo that it was locked in place. It was an astonished dominatrix who tried and failed to extricate the toy from her victim's cunt. In a rage she began slapping the agent's bare bottom with heavy blows that turned into punches that made her adversary grunt from the shock and pain associated with each blow. Grudgingly the slave gave up the dildo until it popped from her tight sheath. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela rose until she towered over her helpless victim. She was determined to show the slim blonde who was in command. She held the head of the dildo steady and positioned it at the entrance to the slave's anus, poking against the tight muscle to let her know exactly where the next assault would be coming. At her initial contact something came over Chloe/Frances and acted to blot out any pain associated with the brutal entry that followed. This time the black woman was amazed at how easily she was able to penetrate the agent's defenses. Without any difficulty at all she found herself buried to the hilt in the white girl's asshole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; How could this be? One moment that entry point was tight as a drum and the next it yielded totally and swallowed the invader whole. Who had taught her this trickery, and was it possible for Jamela to make her reveal her technique and teach her how to use it as well? Unfortunately it was nothing more than a reflex triggered by the neurotransmitters that were flowing through Chloe's blood stream. Her slave had no more knowledge of how she performed this seeming miracle as her mistress did.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more the dildo was shifted back to Chloe's cunt and this time it slid in without any difficulty. Since Jamela had originally planned to screw her slave senseless, she decided to take what she was given. After a deep breath to regain her composure, she set about bending Frances to her will, or so she thought. Each stroke went the limit, and soon she was hitting bottom against the slave's cervix. The agent seemed oblivious to the pounding that the dominatrix delivered, which frustrated the woman no end. Now the slave wannabe's cunt conformed in every possible way and dimension to the nearly foot long toy attached to Jamela's hips by the straps. In a sense it was enjoyable, and yet every stroke was an admission of defeat, since the victim seemed not to feel anything. Finally she withdrew and gave Frances a vicious slap to the bottom, leaving a livid imprint on the agent's ass cheek.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No skinny white girl is going to make a fool out of this black woman! Now you get that scrawny butt down on my sheets and spread those legs as wide as you can. Once I'm done chaining your ankles to the bed posts we are going to see how many times you can come for your mistress before the batteries in my vibrator quit."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As it turned out, it took more than just a pair of vibrators to get Chloe/Frances to have an orgasm. Even when Jamela held the pocket rocket against the agent's clit and ran the wheeled version up and down her slit, there was no response worth talking about. The black dominatrix found herself going back and forth from the bed to the cabinet to get more toys and tools to apply to what should have been the hot spots on her reluctant, willful slave, who was becoming more and more of a challenge as the evening wore on. Jamela had not reached the position she held by giving into her emotions except on rare occasions, and then for only brief periods of time. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She accepted what was occurring and looked upon this struggle as an opportunity to grow and become even more powerful. This acted to contain her frustration for a time. Jamela began imagining what&nbsp; this enhanced power might enable her to do to some of those clients who drove her to distraction at times, which amused her no end. She soon found herself refreshed and beginning to enjoy this contest of the wills. It was rare when she was matched against someone with at least a working spine. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dominatrix must have gone through a dozen different types of clamps and clips that she applied to every erogenous spot on the agent's body that she could reach. At one time the slave's smallish tits were covered by no less than eighty clips and clamps. Jamela was hard pressed to believe that she would fail to respond normally, others with much larger breasts who had taken half that number would cry or even beg for relief. Infuriated, Jamela used the riding crop to whip the biting devils from the slim blonde agent's tits. To her amazement there was no response to the whipping. Later she had two densely packed rows of sharp-toothed clips cutting into the thin lips bordering the entrance to the agent's cunt. The blonde failed to react, even when her assailant added a cruel screw-clamp to her fat clit, and tightened it down to its limit, creating enough stress to bring the fat lump of sex flesh to the verge of separating from its moorings.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela screwed on one set of spiders after another in a vain attempt to stiffen the slave's nipples so they could be stimulated further by other toys that waited to be used. Jamela even deigned to use her mouth to harden those flaccid nubbins. Once she surrendered to her passions and bit down hard on the mousy blonde's nipple, to no avail. The slave seemed to have some type of inherent defense mechanism that made her impervious to the heavy duty pain that these devices and Jamela's teeth normally caused in her subjects.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A frustrated Jamela took to smothering Chloe/Frances, planting her plump pussy on the agent's face and making sure that her nose was buried in the folds of that hot, dripping cunt. Twice her victim passed out, but when revived, continued her passive resistance. The black woman decided to return to her slave's cunt. Soon she had those thin, pink cunt lips clamped with one of her favorite toys, binder clips, and stretched to their limit by the seventy pound test line connected to the velcro bands girding the agent's thighs. Jamela knew they were at their limit since she could almost read a newspaper through the stretched tissue. Next she used a small clip to keep the hood guarding the slave's clitoris from protecting the hot button. Now the black woman settled down to see what the application of various vibrators would have on her trainee. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First she went back to her heavy duty favorite, the huge industrial wheel type that ground that nubbin of swollen flesh flat, and tunneled relentlessly between those translucent sheets of tissue that normally guarded the sex trench it was traversing. Fifteen minutes of steady pressure proved fruitless. The dominatrix switched back to another favorite she had deliberately held in reserve. It was a custom built pocket rocket that had been souped up to deliver power unheard of in devices of this type. She realized from her previous failure using the standard model that her recalcitrant adversary needed something out of the ordinary. So Chloe/Frances now experienced the superior power from an array of miniature heads all buzzing away in a pattern that provided never-ending stimulation to the helpless blonde.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All the while Chloe seemed to feel as if she were floating in space above the body that once was her property. She could see and understand what that fleshy hot button was experiencing, but somehow the connection from the seat of her sexuality to her brain was broken or nulled out by some other force that she could not control nor understand. It was strange to watch the black dominatrix grow increasingly frustrated as the high speed vibrator did everything but turn her clitoris to mush.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela pulled out all the stops. Now it was her physical power versus whatever was protecting the mousy blonde agent from buckling to her will. She donned a leather glove and greased it with one of her favorite irritants, chili pepper paste. The grinning black woman began working that gloved fist up into her slave's yielding cunt. It was slow but steady going as the agent's cunt widened to accommodate the big lump of leather that was inching toward her cervix. The lack of reaction infuriated Jamela and she moved her fist from side to side, attempting to get some type of reaction from the inert body lying beneath her. Finally she was at her goal and still no response. In anger she began punching away at the entrance to the woman's womb. With her other hand she slapped Frances across the face, but still no reaction.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Enraged to a level she had not experienced more than once or twice in her career, Jamela lost it and attacked the slave with her teeth, worrying the flesh of her pert breasts and then clamping down on her shoulder, leaving a bite mark that would take many weeks to completely heal. This abrupt attack and its ferocity seemed to rouse the blonde from the trance to which she had escaped. Still not happy with the overall response from Frances/Chloe, the black dominatrix attacked her vulnerable cunt, tearing into the pink flesh with a fury. Her teeth captured the slave's clit and worried it as if she was a terrier and the swollen nubbin was some type of small prey.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All hell broke lose! Frances/Chloe's eyes opened, blinked twice and then she let out a scream that would have brought the neighbors running from two floors below except for the sound-proofing that Jamela had installed in her apartment when she moved into it. This was followed immediately by a shower of liquid that issued from her cunt and drenched the dominatrix from head to chest. It came as a distinct shock, she'd never experienced a squirter before this. The slim, blonde agent sat up and despite the bonds holding her legs far apart, did her best to head butt her mistress, who backed off in disarray over this unexpected revolt from her new trainee. Chloe/Frances was almost as shocked as her mistress over this unexpected behavior that her former body brought&nbsp; into play. That strange brew of chemicals that had been installed within her body once more had responded when faced with a threat that could be interpreted as lethal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fortunately for all concerned, Frances, Chloe and still a trace of Magda, Jamela dismissed the response of her slave candidate to agent training that had come into play once she was attacked physically. The secretary made a mental note to keep this one under restraints at all time, fearing a repetition of her strange behavior. The business with the squirting was one of curiosity rather than anger. Jamela would have to learn more about this phenomenon, and soon. As for the moment, she was thankful that the undersheet on the bed was made of rubber, which prevented some serious damage being done to her frightfully expensive mattress. She decided that she would put agent Connolly to work repairing the mess she had made. This way she would be focused on something more mundane and non-threatening, thus not likely to revive her sudden assault on her mistress.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took nearly an hour before order was restored to Jamela's bedroom. By then she was satisified that her slave had returned to her former docile self. What the new day would bring was problematic, but Jamela would be on her guard, that much was assured. She allowed her slave to shower and use the chamberpot before she was recuffed and chained by one ankle to the foot of the dominatrix's bed, covering her with a blanket of lightweight but warm material that would easily fend off any chill that might develop during the early morning hours. After her shower she crawled beneath the fresh sheets and nodded off to sleep, her mind still busy trying to understand what had transpired this evening and planning what would occur tomorrow when she had two clients visiting her for some special training. She was sure that her new slave would occupy a role in these two sessions.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe - Dominated and Degraded

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 21



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frances/Chloe was roused from sleep by a kick from her mistress who announced that they were going to have a visitor in less than two hours and that left only a half hour for some tongue on her hot, wet, black pussy. While she pleasured her mistress, Jamela gave her a thumbnail sketch of the first client she would be seeing this morning.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This one has been a big disappointment, and I'm on the verge of taking some serious action to either make or break her attitude towards black men. It seems that when she was fourteen, her older brother and a few of his buds decided to relieve her of that useless cherry she was carrying around. She went to her parents and ratted on her brother. Mom told her to talk to her father, and when she did he laughed it off, but promised to have a talk with her brother. As far as the family was concerned, nothing of consequence had happened, it was just the way things were in black society at that time."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Unfortunately the bitch never got over it and as the years went by she wasted tons of her parents' money seeing shrinks who got her even more screwed up. A couple of months ago she started visiting me, and things haven't gotten much better.The bitch is a stone fox, but she refuses to let a black man get within a dick's length of her. When it comes to black women she's fine with it, and if it's a white man she drops her panties as fast as any other white or black whore would."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So far nothing I do can make her change her mind, and I've done plenty to her, and all of it hurts, but she's stubborn. So no matter what you see this morning, remember it's always her call and what you see is exactly what she wants. I'm no shrink, but I can recognize something that is deep seated and in control."&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frances/Chloe was quite surprised that her mistress would share such information with a slave-in-training, like herself, but she was gratified that Jamela had some degree of confidence in her after such a short time together. To her surprise she had slept well, no nightmares and just a few sketchy dreams of no consequence. It was a mad scramble to take care of business in the bathroom, eat a breakfast that proved Jamela was a very good cook when she wanted to be, change the sheets in preparation for the first visitor and then to take a two quart and a little extra something enema which she held as a result of the rubber bung her mistress slammed home once the enema nozzle was removed. The pale blonde was growing more uncomfortable by the minute, but Jamela reassured her that the visitor would find what she had to hold even more intimidating. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Promptly at ten there was a knocking at the door, then the pattern of knocks was repeated. Jamela's slave-in-training was left in the bathroom as the dominatrix went to meet her client. Frances/Chloe could hear muffled voices, then a sharp slapping sound and her mistress' loud voice berating someone who could only blubber and sob, in contrast to the shrieking that now reverberated throughout the apartment. Moments later the door to the bathroom was flung wide and a nearly naked, chocolate-skinned woman in her mid-twenties&nbsp; stumbled into the tiled room. She was blessed with well formed, good-sized breasts, had a flat stomach and a shaved pussy that was contained within a chastity belt featuring a metal grid and leather straps that sank deeply into her firm flesh. She let out a shriek of terror when she spied Chloe/Frances standing by the tub, her belly bulging from the enema she was holding. The black dominatrix cuffed her visitor across the back of the head and screamed for her to be silent or have her tongue torn out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the young woman tried to regroup, the mistress launched into a diatribe concerning her many imperfections and refusal to faithfully follow the instructions that she received from her mistress and mentor. Evidently the chastity belt was the latest humiliation devised to try to bring her into a mental and emotional state where she would feel more confident in her own abilities and dare to try to put some of the ideas her mistress espoused into her daily life. The fact that this well built, attractive, financially secure woman was unable to have sex with black men was a situation that infuriated Jamela, and caused her to make the client wear the chastity belt. The only time it would come off was so that her body could be used by her mistress, and god forbid, friends of the mistress. This was what had immediately flashed through her mind when she first saw Jamela's assistant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dominatrix handcuffed the distraught woman's hands behind her back and made her get into the tub and lie on her back. She was still quietly sobbing, but that soon turned to wailing as Chloe/Frances gingerly stepped into the tub. Upon hearing a command from her mistress, the pale blonde squatted over the visitor's face, facing away from her, to display the bung buried tighty in her puckered asshole. Jamela reached over and put her fingers around the bung and used her other hand to balance herself as she worked the bung free. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a few seconds there was nothing but the sound of some trapped air rushing out from the interior of the agent's rectum. Then she began discharging the contents of the enema that had been rumbling and heating inside her roiling intestines. Quickly the young black woman's face was buried in a blast of feces and brownish liquid that poured from the slave's spasming rectum. Now her wailing was silenced as she fought grimly to avoid ingesting the terrible stinking mess that continued to splatter all over her face and upper body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela began screaming to her client to open her mouth and eyes so she could enjoy the offering from the white woman. Her visitor was not up to such a bold response to what was happening; if anything she tried to roll away from the shower of filth that was raining down on her naked body. The agent was startled when her mistress jumped into the tub and reaching down through the stream of fecal matter that was still flowing from her slaves's gaping anus, grabbed the black woman by the throat and began to choke her. When this did not get the desired effect, she began pounding the client's head against the porcelain in a rage. She yelled at the brown-skinned woman that if she survived, she would pray for death. Her visitor was too far gone to react to that threat, but Jamela was a woman of her word.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frances/Chloe was pushed away once she ceased voiding, and her mistress now stood over the sobbing woman and taking dead aim, began pissing into her filth-coated face, then switched to a squatting position to intensify the force of the piss that splattered off the woman's vacant features. Her eyes were open but unfocused; no doubt this scene had pushed her to well beyond her capabilities. Jamela painted the helpless victim's eyes with her stinging stream of acrid waste and still got no response. She yelled at slave Frances to pull the client's mouth open and keep it that way while she pissed down her throat. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of her piss ricocheting from one side of her client's gullet to the other echoed from the walls of the tiled bathroom. Jamela finished by locking her pussy to the client's mouth as she finished emptying her bladder. Her face was a mask of raging fury, her eyes glowing like coals, as she looked up to her slave and announced that the disobedience of her visitor called for a very severe response to make sure she would never, ever, dare to disobey her mistress' commands in the future, that is if she survived today's punishment session.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The impact of the brown-skinned woman's face being jammed against her buttocks and held firmly against her befouled skin almost made Frances/Chloe lose her balance and tumble into the filthy water that still pooled in the tub. Jamela repeated this assault two more times, each time getting progressively more forceful and lasting longer as she made sure that the client's face was coated with a fresh layer of filth. From there she dragged her victim over to the toilet and plunged her head into the bowl until it made contact against the bottom with a sickening thud. The pale blonde winced sympathetically and began to fear for the unconscious client's health. Three times the toilet was flushed and the woman swallowed a considerable amount of filthy water each time, only to vomit it up on the next go-around. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was followed by throwing her into the shower stall and turning the water to hot before closing the door to imprison her. In minutes she was shrieking to the heavens and begging to be released. The dominatrix just watched the shower door steam up as the nearly scalding water cascaded over the victim's helpless body. There was no way with her hands secured behind her back that the visitor could either turn off or hide from the water so hot that it was on the verge of blistering her flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress finally relented and allowed Frances/Chloe to remove what was left of the victim from the steam box of a shower stall. A few hard slaps across her befuddled face and some even more vicious pinchs of her very firm and shapely tits brought the dazed client around. She was in terrible pain from the scalding water, but Jamela showed her no mercy. She threw the woman to the tiled floor bringing a scream of agony from her as her knees bore the brunt of the landing. The dominatrix followed this with a series of kicks to the woman's ribcage and belly, finishing her off with a kick to the sternum that made the chocolate-skinned client' s face grow pale.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With help from her new slave they got the woman to totter to her feet and bend over at the waist, her face just brief inches from the cunt of the slave now standing in the tub. The confining chastity belt was removed for this phase of the woman's punishment.&nbsp; Jamela filled the red rubber enema bag to its limit with the hottest water she could draw from the tap, and then added a few tablets from the medicine cabinet, saying to no one in particular that now this would be an enema that this little bitch would remember for the rest of her life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Little did the young woman know that within fifteen minutes the tablets would completely dissolve, releasing twin demons from hell. The first would create a huge amount of irritating gas that would seek out every nook and cranny of the client's insides. Once equilibrium was established, the gas would infuse into the mucous membrane of the victim and begin the agonizing process of dissolving away that precious protective shield of tissue. The byproduct remaining behind from the chemical reaction that formed the gas would be so corrosive that it could and would perforate that portion of the lower intestine within a few centimeters of its center. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The degree to which the visitor's intestines were weakened would be a function of how long the enema remained in her bowels. At best it might result in corrective surgery within three to five years, at worst an immediate trip to the emergency room followed by a life saving operation that might leave the poor woman requiring a colostomy, not exactly what the lady of high fashion would be wearing anytime soon.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela chuckled evilly as she showed her slave, Frances, the bung that would contain the monstrous pressure for perhaps five minutes, the longest five minutes in the young professional's life. Putting it aside, the infuriated black woman rammed the enema nozzle into her client's asshole without the benefit of lubrication, causing her to scream bloody murder. At a nod from her mistress, the agent grabbed onto the woman's hair and held her face to her crotch so the client could begin licking her cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dominatrix laughed and started the enema, slapping her victim on the rump as she did. For the next few minutes there was little to be heard as the enema slowly emptied into the young woman's lower intestines. She continued to slavishly lick and suck the slave-in-training's cunt lips and clit, worming her tongue into the white woman's cunt on occasion. As far as the Chloe side of her personality was concerned, this woman was one of her kind. Why was she taking such savage treatment when it was so obvious to even a slave such as herself, that she was a lesbian?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took nearly fifteen minutes for the bag to empty, the timing evidence that this procedure had been carefully worked out in advance by the dominatrix. Despite the threats and physical pain she doled out to her clients, Jamela was always aware of their value to her as long as they weren't harmed to the point&nbsp; that they no longer visited her for "therapy". Her new slave gripped the brown-skinned woman's hair even tighter when the bung was jammed between her rounded ass cheeks. Now it was just a matter of waiting for the gas to start expanding. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually the client began grunting and shifting her feet as the first evidence of the gas beginning to fill her intestines hit home. Her movements became even more irregular and frantic as the pressure within her body increased dramatically. Jamela began pounding her fists against the creamy chocolate skin of her client, who was now in agony, hopping from one foot to the other and sobbing. Frances was urged to keep a tight grip on the client who was on the verge of panicking from the unbelievable pain that was being generated in her bowels. At a nod from her mistress, she hopped out and helped move the bloated woman into the tub. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young professional was made to kneel with her head down against the porcelain surface, while they waited for the bung to be blown away by the awesome gas pressure that was still building. Suddenly there was a loud pop and the bung flew into the air and bounced off the wall, very close to the juncture of the ceiling, followed after a brief few seconds by a shower of brownish liquid mixed with some impressive sized turds. Most of this expulsion splattered all over the sides of the tub, some of it rebounding to dot her body with smaller chunks, as she frantically sought to escape this fetid liquid mess now dripping down the sides of the tub. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The client was forced to act like an animal, wallowing and scrambling to escape from the porcelain prison that held her captive. The more she struggled, now blinded by fear and nearly passing out from the awful stench that surrounded her, the more precarious her position became. Finally, exhausted from her efforts to escape and so frustrated that she began crying like a small child, the client gave up and accepted whatever was to be her fate. She now just lay there in almost a trance as the contents of the enema she had held for what seemed like forever finally finished exiting from her twisted intestines. The smile on Jamela's face was almost blissful, this phase of the client's punishment had gone just as planned, and she was still in a state where she was capable of enduring an even higher level of pain. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Again she was yanked from the tub, pummeled, punched and kicked to force her back into the torture chamber disguised as a shower stall. There she begged for mercy as her skin felt as if it was being peeled from her body by the hot water that thundered down upon her as she lay on the tiled floor of the enclosure, trembling and wishing for death. Jamela checked her watch and announced to her slave, Frances, that the lady in the shower stall had less than an hour left in the session, and she hadn't yet made it into the bedroom for what awaited her once she was properly restrained. Frances was ordered to dry the client off so she wouldn't get the sheets wet. This accomplished, she assisted the young chocolate-skinned woman in making the trip from the bathroom to the bedroom where even more pain and humiliation was going to be her lot.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Restraining the young professional took some doing, not because of any resistance on her part. Jamela's bed was equipped for much more than it appeared at first glance. There were pegs located in the ornate headboard. One of them soon held the client's cuffed wrists above her head, exposing her vulnerable armpits. Her legs were yanked to the sides until she looked like a dancer doing the splits. There were rings set into the sideboards to which her ankles were locked. In this position every square inch of her pudenda was made available for any torment the mistress could imagine for the woman. Once she was satisfied that the subject was stretched to her limit and completely helpless, Jamela went to her cabinet and began withdrawing her toys and tools for this portion of the session. The young brown-skinned woman followed her every movement and nervously licked her lips in anticipation of what was to come.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress ordered Frances to mount the woman and present her cunt for some attention, warning her victim that she wanted to see an enthusiastic display on her part to this opportunity to eat some white pussy. Frances/Chloe was astonished at just how enthusiastic that flickering tongue could be. How could her mistress not see that this young woman was either a lesbian or one moving strongly in that direction? Had she been thinking with a clear head, almost impossible considering the number of personalities that were now sharing her mind, she would have realized that her mistress was fully aware of the nature of this elaborate charade. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the tongue action stopped briefly and the woman let out a long groan that turned into a cry of pain, Chloe looked back over her shoulder to see a grinning Jamela forcing a large black rubber dildo that must have been at least ten inches long and two inches across up into the woman's asshole. She muttered this ought to make her twat nice and tight for the other tool that was going to ravage her cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That marvelous tongue resumed stirring up Frances/Chloe's juices. She knew from the sounds that her mistress was donning a strap-on dildo, probably the very one she used on her last evening. Jamela's voice alerted them both that the young professional was about to swallow some black cock, even if it was fake. From then on Chloe could tell by the way that tongue moved and twisted inside her cunt just what was going on in the client's cunt as well. Gradually more and more of that tool disappeared inside the client's pussy as the mistress gave both of them a running account of what was happening. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After getting almost six inches wedged into that tight twat, the black dominatrix pulled out until just the head was stretching the pink flesh. Then with a whoop and a grunt she drove at least six inches into the woman's yielding cunt before meeting resistance. She laughed and gave the client a few tentative strokes for&nbsp; practice, and then repeated her attack, this time getting over eight inches buried in that tight tube of hot, wet flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe/Frances was getting very wet from the stimulation she was receiving from the woman's talented tongue. Part of her was wondering how it would be if they were locked in a passionate sixty-nine, so each could give as well as she got. Jamela was really going to town on her client, announcing to anyone who cared to listen that she was touching bottom with every stroke. Chloe knew it as well because of the way that tongue would pause and then turn back on full blast until the next pause. Abruptly the dominatrix ended the raping she was giving the chocolate-skinned young woman. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now the tongue started up in a different pattern as the high pitched sound of a pocket rocket filled the room. Jamela told Frances to turn around so that the tongue could worship her asshole while she watched the vibrator work its magic on the subject's&nbsp; fat clitoris. It was sort of anticlimactic watching this uneven struggle. No matter how hard she applied the buzzing toy, the response she got was minimal. Jamela got so angry that she leaned forward and nipped the fat nubbin of flesh with her front teeth, causing the woman to nearly rupture every muscle in her body trying to escape the agonizing pain that rumbled through her taut torso. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the final time this session, the black dominatrix went to the cabinet and returned with a riding crop. Looking over to her slave-in-training, she held up the weapon and speaking to Frances, but meaning it for the young professional, she spoke.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Normally I use a rubber hose on this bitch, out of charity and because it doesn't leave much in the way of marking, just in case she wants to give up some pussy to a deserving black man, which covers about ninety-nine percent of the brothers. Can't have the brother thinking he's gone and gotten himself mixed up with some kind of a freak, which as you now know, she is. However she has so fucked up her assignment from me, her mistress and mentor, that I'm teaching the bitch a lesson to go along with the other helpful hints I've given&nbsp; this lazy cunt today at no additional charge. Come to think of it I'm charging double for this session to whoever is foolish enough to think this dumb cunt can be rehabilitated without some very substantial elevation of the fear and pain factor."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With no warning Jamela slashed the riding crop down across the woman's spread cunt and proceeded to cut a path that looked like a switchback from the top to the bottom of that exposed pink crevice. She paused for breath and carved another path from bottom to top, forming a bloody diamond pattern in the woman's chocolate skin. The client screamed the walls down, taxing the soundproofing to its limit. Her bonds, designed and mounted by professionals in the life did their job holding her bare body in the cross-hairs of the black dominatrix's riding crop.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frances/Chloe winced when Jamela stopped the woman's noise-making by using the handle of the crop, stabbing it into her flat stomach over and over until her client was literally frothing at the mouth, the bloody foam created by the uncontrollable chewing of her tongue. The dominatrix checked to make sure that&nbsp; her victim had not been seriously harmed&nbsp; by this latest outburst of irritation on her part. Satisfied that the woman was able to take more punishment, she lit into her again with a fury that was breathtaking.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela started at the juncture between the client's vulva and thighs, whipping straight down on the taut flesh, leaving deep welts that soon opened up into bleeding gashes as the dominatrix made a second pass to cover the same territory, moving slowly down to the helpless subject's&nbsp; knees, then doubling back to the original starting point. Jamela was in terrific shape because she did both thighs before stopping for a rest and to check the amount of bleeding this portion of the whipping had caused. By now the brown-skinned professional was almost in a coma, her eyes open, but staring intently at the ceiling, her breathing shallow but regular. This made the black woman furious and she began the next phase a little sooner than she wanted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The subject's breasts were full, shapely and very firm, her best feature by far. Jamela considered them as something wasted on this anti-blackmale weakling. Secretly she was jealous and every time she saw those beauties she had the overwhelming urge to whip them until they were nothing but twin lumps of flayed flesh, every square inch of skin having been ripped from them by the steady slashing of whatever weapon Jamela imagined she used on that particular day. The crop fit into her mood quite well, and she concentrated her anger and frustration on those firm mounds capped with nipples that almost always were soft, a sign of the sexless life this irritating individual lived.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Usually those tits got a lick and a promise because Jamela was aware of her less than rational behavior when it came to them. Today however she was taking off the kid gloves, just for a few minutes. The bitch had it coming, and in spades! She brought the crop down on the client's left tit, splitting it in two and driving the soft nipple deep into the swelling flesh. The brown-skinned woman let out a piercing scream as the area struck turned almost white and then flowered into a swollen line of ruptured blood vessels. Jamela was happy to know that she was alive and well. She criss-crossed the weal bisecting the tit from top to bottom, forming an X centered on the livid nipple that was now swollen to twice its size. The black dominatrix marked the other tit inthe same fashion, turning the client into a screaming madwoman from the pain and fear of becoming mutilated.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frances/Chloe was startled when her mistress with a loud, almost animalistic cry hurled the crop across the room and stomped out, ordering her slave to get rid of the "garbage" before she did something they both might regret. The agent was terrified at the mood displayed by her mistress, but moved quickly to her task fearful of angering her even more. It took her some time to free the sobbing woman from her bonds, then she struggled with the straps of the chastity belt before getting it properly attached to the vacant-faced client. Finally she escorted the woman to the alcove which contained her clothing and assisted the battered, sobbing victim of Jamela's rage with her clothing which was top of the line and very chic. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was surprised when the woman removed a pair of padded discs from her purse and stuffed them into her bra before donning the lace trimmed undergarment.&nbsp; Jamela totally ignored her client and shouted for Frances to get rid of the silly slut since her session was over and had not produced any improvement that she could see in the bitch's behavior or attitude. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once the door had shut behind the client, Jamela grinned with malice and casually mentioned that she had a big surprise for her next week. Right after work on friday evening, she was going to be kidnapped and taken to a deserted warehouse where ten of the best hung black men in the city, all woman-haters, were going to gang fuck her around the clock until early monday morning, that is if she survived that long. Chloe/Frances shivered, realizing once more that she was in the presence of a person quite capable of doing her very serious physical and mental harm.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe - Dominated and Degraded

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 22



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Chloe helped her mistress prepare for the next visitor, Jamela took her into her confidence concerning both the one who had just left and the client who would be arriving within the hour. Chloe was all ears since anything she could learn about her mistress' likes and dislikes could do nothing but improve her situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That bitch I just sent packing isn't worth my time, but her mother pays top dollar in hopes that her precious daughter may yet turn out to be interested in men. That just ain't never gonna happen with that little prissy-assed cunt. You mark my words, in less than a year she's gonna be eating pussy exclusively, and feeling guilty as hell about doing it. Who knows, maybe I'll have killed the worthless lezzie long before that happens? I'll tell you this much, that weekend gangbang is gonna make her think twice about what her future looks like. My guess is she'll go looking for a dominant bitch, someone almost as nasty as I am, and hope that she can keep those nasty cocks away from her. Naturally that'll mean she has to give it up to the bitch for that kind of protection. Maybe I can steer her to someone I know and get a little taste now and then for my troubles."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe took it all in and realized that Jamela was not a person who would ever do anything that didn't help Jamela. She would have to be very careful in how she dealt with her new mistress. The prospect of being tortured and gang raped like that poor creature who just fled from this place of pain, humiliation and suffering did not sit well with the conflicted young woman who was not exactly sure of her own identity or sexuality. Then Jamela launched into a commentary on her next problem child, one Miss Y as in Yolanda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now you take Yolanda, or Miss Y as she likes to be called. She's almost the exact opposite of that prissy bitch I just did. She's real strong, tough to hurt and even tougher to make cry, but old Jamela has her ways of making the tears flow. This one is cock-crazed to the max. If left to her own devices she'd fuck around the clock and wind up sooner or later as a crack whore until she either died from AIDS or was beat to death by one of the perverts that scratched her itch and gave her enough money to buy a rock now and then."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Today Miss Y brings in a cool six figures for what she does, and according to my sources she's real good at it. Unfortunately for my little moneymaker, it's a 24/7 kind of job and she gets her cock on the fly whenever it's available. Considering that she's no looker and has a personality like a wolverine wth a corn cob up its ass, it's a wonder she ever gets laid. It would be better for her if she gave up cock and found herself someone like Jamela who would take care of her itches and keep her in line like I can. Cock, pussy, what's the difference as long as you can get off ?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe was given the job of greeting the client, just another little trick by her mistress to put Miss Y at a disadvantage before her session even began. The woman was dark-skinned, even blacker than Jamela, sharp featured, extremely tall and very thin, dressed in the latest fashion. She appeared to be on the verge of exploding, projecting an intensity that took Chloe aback. Before Chloe could even ask her to remove her clothing, she began stripping. In less than a minute she was stark naked and Chloe took a deep breath of surprise when she saw that Miss Y's cunt was not only devoid of pubic air, it was sewn shut with the type of thread used to make leather products. Then she noticed the small piece of plastic tubing protruding from the top of her slit. It took her a moment to realize that she was looking at a catheter. The client took advantage of her momentary loss of focus and strode by her on the way to the bathroom where Jamela awaited her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe had to almost run to keep up with the woman. Since she was in her wake she could see her tight ass cheeks twitching from side to side as she walked. On closer observation she also saw the faint and not so faint marks left by what might have been a cane. Miss Y pushed open the door to the bathroom and entered to face the mistress, who smiled like a cat about to cripple and then play with its damaged prey. Without warning Jamela stepped forward and kicked the client squarely in the crotch, dropping her to her knees as she clutched at her gut.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Who gave you permission to walk ahead of my slave? I don't recall allowing such poor manners in my home. You are starting off badly and I'm in no mood for your shit today! I've already had to deal with one fucking prima donna, I'll not tolerate two! Do you&nbsp; understand me or do I have to beat you bloody with my bare fists?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only sound that came from Miss Y was her retching as she tried to avoid the total humiliation of&nbsp; vomiting all over the floor. Jamela reached down and grabbed her hair in both hands and half dragged her to the toilet. She held the skinny black woman's head inches from the stinking mess that the bowl contained.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I just took this dump in hopes that you'd be such a bitch that I might get a chance to see how much of it you can suck up before you drown. Any more nonsense from you and that's just what I'll do! Now you pick out one of my perfect turds and get ready to eat it to make up for the trouble you've already caused me. After that we can get down to brass tacks and your ass will be filled with them if you don't give me the kind of answers I want to hear." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe turned away as the woman began to perform the disgusting task she'd been given. The next thing she knew the agent was seeing stars from the vicious slap across the head she received from her mistress. This was immediately followed up by an admonition to pay attention to what was going on and not bring dishonor to the house of Jamela. She did her best to watch this utterly humiliating activity carried out. Meanwhile the black dominatrix had disappeared for a time and when she returned she had handcuffs, a leather collar and hobble, plus a few toys to further torment her victim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Satisfied that Miss Y had indeed gotten rid of the turd she had identified for her consumption, the mistress allowed the client to drink as much of the water in the toilet as she could hold in hopes of ridding her mouth of that foul taste.&nbsp; Unfortunately for Yolanda, she didn't know that Jamela had dosed the water with a drug that would in about an hour turn the black woman into a frothing, sex-crazed maniac only interested in having sex with any man she could find. By the time this change took place, Miss Y would be securely restrained with cuffs and a leather hobble. Also Jamela would have completed the questioning of her prey to find out if she did indeed follow the instructions that she had been given last week. Woe to her if they had not been followed to the letter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once Yolanda had been hobbled, with her wrists cuffed behind her back and pulled up to hook to a chain dangling from the leather collar, which was more like a choker, Jamela gave her stitching a very close inspection, pulling at suspicious areas, causing her client to whimper and even stamp her feet. She pressed her fingers into Miss Y's bladder and smiled at the reaction she got. The black woman was indeed full to bursting, just the way it should have been after drinking a quart of the special water she had received from the dominatrix less than an hour before leaving for her appointment. At that point the fun and games began; Jamela offering to let her pee if she would agree to drink it once she did. It only took a few jabs from her fingers to convince Miss Y that the smart move was to drink her piss rather than have her bladder backup to give her a painful kidney infection that would make her critical business trip to Europe a nightmare. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a grin, Jamela yanked the tube from her prey's bladder, bringing a strangled gasp from her lips. The pain must have been excruciating, especially without any warning. The dominatrix frowned at the woman, daring her to pee until she was given permission. The contest of the wills lasted until sweat beaded Miss Y's brow. Then with a wave of her hand, Jamela allowed her opponent to squat over the pail that Chloe retrieved from the corner of the bathroom. In this way her hobble made matters difficult and put pressure on her tendons to keep her balance. Chloe watched blankly as the woman released a powerful stream of piss that lasted over a minute before slackening off to a few quick squirts and then resuming for at least another half a minute. She groaned in pain as she tried to straighten up from this extremely stressing position.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela knew she had enough time to interrogate her client concerning her sex life over the past week. She knew already of at least two couplings between Yolanda and a man who owed Jamela a favor. In addition she had received information from the doorman at Miss Y's apartment complex indicating that she had at least five "gentlemen" callers, all young and black, most of whom stayed with her for at least a few hours. There were obviously more, for&nbsp; Miss Y would never pass up an opportunty for sex with a black man despite it having to be anal in nature. However Jamela's first item of business was to see that her client finished off the contents of the pail she had just flooded with her piss. She asked Frances/Chloe to empty the pail into a large pitcher and allow the black woman to drink from that. It was a few minutes before the pitcher was empty, evidenced by the rounded belly of the skinny black woman. Jamela decided to move things to the&nbsp; bedroom so she could be more comfortable and have easier access to any toys or tools she might need to make her client tell the truth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Miss Y was bent over at the waist with her head buried between Chloe's spread thighs, her tongue already mining for gold. It had only taken one blow from the three foot rattan cane to convince her of the wisdom of following her mentor's orders. Already she was beginning to worry about how she was going to seat herself comfortably on that long air flight if her ass was torn up badly, which it might be if she didn't tell the truth. On the other hand there was the punishment she would receive for disobeying Jamela's charge to her just before she left the last session; no sex with men under any circumstances would be tolerated. She was damned if she did and damned if she didn't.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela leaned over and yelled into Miss Y's ear that eating white pussy was an acquired taste, and she was going to be trained in that fine art starting right after her trip to Europe. Then she told Yolanda that she was thinking of a number, a large number, if she didn't confess all of her sins for the week to her mother superior. Miss Y began to tremble at the prospect before her, for she knew that the number had to do with the&nbsp; strokes she'd get from that devilish cane, which she hated with a passion.. She decided to tell of the two encounters with the black man and how they turned out, in hopes that Jamela might be satisfied or at least sympathetic to her plight. Things did not go well at all for Yolanda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now let me get this straight, this handsome black man bought you a drink at your favorite after work watering hole and the next thing you knew you were in the trunk of his car, being taken to an unknown destination so he could rape you. He got pissed off about the sewed up pussy you displayed when you stripped for him, and decided to fuck you in the ass without any protection to show you how angry he was. Then he made you suck your shit off his dick once he got done shooting his big cock off in your tight little butt." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now let's see what happened next. Oh yes, now I remember what you told me. Since it was early, he decided to let you suck him off until he was ready to do you in the shitter again. You felt like you had lockjaw before you got him hard. Then it took him forever to do you the second time. He kept pulling out and making you suck him until he was rock hard. He'd go back in and butt fuck you until he got close, then back off and make you watch his dick loose its stiffness, so you had to start all over again. Yeah, sure, you swear it was nearly midnight before he shot his load into your mouth and made you swallow every drop. Then to cap the evening off he put you over his lap and busted your buns, but good. You were so sore you needed a pillow to sit on at work the next day. What a line of manure that was! I'll bet you paid him to do you and even gave him a tip. I knew your type; rich, young, black woman who can buy any cock she wants or needs."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yolanda was on the verge of tears as her first story seemed to infuriate rather than make her mistress sympathetic. How would she react to the next incident which also involved the same black man, and worse still, two other men, one of them white? Jamela was withering in her response to this most unbelievable tale.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now Let me get this straight. The same dude that raped you two nights ago is back at the old stand and so are you. This time he buys you a couple of drinks, makes an apology,claims he thinks you're hot and begs you to forgive him. You then have the nerve to tell me you think he slipped something into the second drink because it made you sick and he offered to take you home. The next thing you know he's got you back in the same place as before and worse still there are two other guys, including a white man, waiting to do you in the ass first chance they get.&nbsp; Gee, this is even better than your first story. You should be on TV with this line of bullshit."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You get sick to your stomach and puke all over the place while they are ass fucking you in tandem, with the third guy using your mouth to stay hard so he can jump in as soon as one of them gets off. What a line of crap! Now I'm expected to believe that this time when they blast off, they use their fingers to push the cum from your sore asshole and make you swallow it before you have to suck their dicks clean of all the shit and mucous they picked up while they banged your asshole. You say you can't remember how many times they fucked your ass, but it was a lot and it hurt. I'm sure it hurt, you lying whore! How much did you pay them this time?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To reinforce her fury over this cock and bull story, that she knew to be true, Jamela began to slap Miss Y's butt, then picked up the cane and slashed Yolanda across the top of her ass, right where the cleft began. The skinny black woman reared up and screamed for mercy, bursting into tears moments later, bringing a feral look to her mistress' face. Again the cane ripped into the thin black woman's lower back, drawing blood. She bellowed in agony and shook like a leaf in a windstorm, the pain overwhelming her mind and turning her into a lump of quivering meat. Again the rattan cut into her bare body, this time just under the ribcage,nearly breaking her in half. Yolanda vomited from the pain and shock and collapsed in a twitching heap on the stained sheets. Jamela was in seventh heaven at this point; her client had been broken, once again reduced to tears and begging. Now for the real fun to begin.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued in approximately three months - lex ludite) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chloe - Dominated and Degraded



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 23



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela's face turned into a death's head when she grinned and pointed to her new assistant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I want you to go get the manacles from the cabinet and the special chain links that go with them. I want Miss Y all stretched out like a violin string ready for some plucking. Once that's done she and old Jamela will have a nice heart to heart talk about some of her other escapades that she thinks I don't know about."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Out of the corner of her eye Chloe could see the client's body grow rigid and her lips start to tremble, sure signs that she was trapped and knew it. She turned and headed for the cabinet located against one of the walls in the room. Even before she reached it, Chloe heard the whistle of the cane as it cut through the air and the strangled gasp from the thin black woman as it sliced into her flesh. It was the first of what would prove to be many blows that thin body would absorb over the next forty-five minutes. As she opened the cabinet door she heard Jamela's cackling as she homed in on her victim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Chloe returned with the manacles and chains she interrupted Jamela's fun. Miss Y was bent at the waist with her nose barely touching one of the bottom bedposts. Her skinny ass bore three welts, the most recent still blooming from that sweaty black flesh. The dominatrix was smiling as she tapped the woman's hip with the tip of the rattan cane. She struck so suddenly that the sound and sight appeared to arrive at the same time. Yolanda screamed in agony and her entire body shivered as the pain radiated from the site of the hit and spread up and down her flank. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The cane had bitten into her hip bone and Miss Y's eyes were wide and tears cascaded down her nearly flat cheekbones as she desperately tried to remain under control, but it was a lost cause. The next blow nearly cut her in half, landing midway up her spine, neatly bisecting that portion of her anatomy. Yolanda vomited up nothing but bile that issued from both her mouth and nostrils. The trembling was so strong that her body appeared to be shimmering the same way as if one was viewing it through super heated air. Jamela looked up toward Chloe, her face a mask of fury.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This black bitch, this miserable ingrate, this piece of shit has the nerve to lie to her friend and teacher, old Jamela, about what she's been doing since the last time I told her to stop catting around. Then this miserable lying bitch, this disgrace to the black race, this worthless excuse for a human being has the gall to tell me that she has an important trip upcoming and I should cut her some slack. The only thing I'm cutting this bitch is that skinny ass body of hers! The only way she's getting on that plane is on a stretcher. I'm going to teach her once and for all who's the fucking boss around here, and it ain't her! She has gotten me so disturbed that I can't think straight. You go get the rubber sheet for that bed because there's going to be a lot of blood flying around in here this afternoon."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yolanda began to wail and scream to the heavens, but the soundproofing did its job and absorbed her outburst. Chloe shivered slightly at the prospect of witnessing something as brutal as Jamela was threatening. As she left the room for the sheet the sound of Yolanda begging for mercy was cut off abruptly by the whistling cane eating into her bare body, bringing a warbling cry from the tormented client.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were six deep welts across Yolanda's skinny behind, but she still was holding her position, nose barely touching the bedpost. As the door to the room opened Jamela rose up on the balls of her feet and putting every bit of strength behind it, brought the cane down across the base of Miss Y's spine. The sound was horrible, a loud snapping noise as rattan collided with bone, tearing away the thin layer of skin covering it. Oddly enough no sound came from Yolanda, but her body rose and arched as the pain radiated up and down her spine making her body move spastically. It was then that Chloe observed the bloody froth covering the lower portion of her bony face. Miss Y must have bitten her tongue from the force of this terrible blow. Seconds later she shuddered and collapsed to the floor, still conscious but unable to regain her feet. Jamela kicked her in the ribs a few times to make sure she was not feigning her inability to defend herself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One of these sessions I'm going to kill the bitch by accident and that'll really piss me off. She can take more punishment than any client I've ever had. Who could ever have imagined that this bag of bones could stand up to my best stuff and still come back for more as soon as she healed sufficiently to handle more of the same? This bitch is one fucked-up cunt; too bad she's so hung up on black cock. I'd just love to have her as my personal cunt rag and all round crash test dummy when I came up with any new disciplines I dreamed up to try on my clients."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela sighed and kicked Yolanda squarely between her legs, bringing up some bile and starting the cycle of screaming up once more. With Chloe's assistance they got the trembling black woman onto the bed once the rubber sheet had been fitted over the top sheets, forming a two layer defense against the blood that was about to be spilled by the client. Yolanda understood the significance of the rubber sheet and began begging for mercy once more, much to Jamela's delight. Miss Y's wrists were freed from the cuffs, but the collar remained in place. The hobble was removed and now it was time for the client to be restrained in a new position, on her back. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe had never worked with the custom crafted links attached to the manacles, so she depended on her mistress for instructions as she went along. First the manacles were attached to Yolanda's thin wrists and ankles and ratcheted down until she screamed in agony as the skin beneath each bond split open. Satisfied that steel on bone was the best that could be achieved, Jamela showed Frances/Chloe how to attach the chains to the bedposts. Embedded between each individual link, except for a foot or so at the end of each chain, was a stainless steel rowel, much like a spur on a cowboy's boot. The trick was to take the end of the chain and yank it taut while Jamela held Miss Y in an iron grip. Then the chain would be wrapped tightly around the bedpost, using the rowels to anchor it securely. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once each limb was anchored to a post, she was checked to see if her limbs could take a bit more tightening, which was soon accomplished as Yolanda screamed and frothed at the mouth. Jamela stepped back and took a hard look at the spread-eagled businesswoman, noting the knots now forming around her shoulders and the insides of her legs from the tension produced by this ultra tight bondage. All that remained was to attach the leather collar around the client's neck to the bed frame, totally immobilizing her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The client was on her back and totally vulnerable for whatever cruelty her mistress was planning. She wasted no time getting down to cases. First she began tapping that devil's tool against Yolanda's crepe-like tits, staring at her victim who was terrified at the prospect of having her tits cut to ribbons by the cane. Jamela grinned and gave her a fright by raising her arm and bringing the cane down, only to halt its flight mere inches from her victim's goose fleshed tits. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She resumed the mind bending tapping, this time running the tip of the cane up and down the stitched mouth of her captive's cunt, grinning as each tap brought her victim closer to breaking completely. Then suddenly the cane was brought down full force, splitting her cunt lips apart and causing the woman to lose control of her bladder and begin pissing all over the rubber sheet beneath her stretched body. Jamela moved in for the kill, slashing the insides of Yolanda's taut thighs with cruel strokes of the cane as she screamed and shrieked. The dominatrix stepped back and allowed Miss Y to regain some level of composure before questioning her about all the other sex partners she had neglected to mention to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You ready to confess the rest of your sins, or do I have to use my cane to make you do that as well? First you give me a line of bull about being picked up and fucked stupid, not once but twice! However you neglect to tell me what a little bird whispered in my ear about the black men seen entering and leaving your apartment since out last session. Now it's you turn to give Jamela the low down on all the dicks that went up your tight asshole, and how much you paid each stud for the pleasure of his company."



  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Just to make sure you tell all, I will let you know that one of those studs was a dear friend of mine who owed me a favor. He tells me you not only sucked his dick before he corn holed you, but you insisted on sucking it afterwards as well. What were you hoping, that he'd get all hot and bothered and do that tight ass of yours all over again? Now that you know I know, let's have a nice clean breast of everything so I can punish you properly and then allow you to get on that plane and do your thing overseas."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did you really think that old Jamela was crazy enough to make you lose your job? If that happened, how would you pay me for all the trouble you cause me? There's no way you could hustle enough cock to pay for my services, no matter what your price was. Besides, knowing you, you'd probably still be paying them for all the cock they gave you. Now start talking or it will go very bad for you, real quick."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yolanda burst into tears and for her trouble she took the cane right down the middle of her cunt mouth for the second time causing Chloe to wince sympathetically. Then she started talking. At first she confessed to four studs. For that she took four of the best across her pancake shaped tits. She screamed so hard that her voice cracked and she strained her vocal cords as well. Four became seven, which brought a knowing smile to Jamela's face. Once more the cane walked down Miss Y's chest, starting at the hollow beneath her throat and ending just below her swollen nipples. Yolanda was reduced to wheezing by now, but Jamela smelled blood mixed with still more lies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm tired of hearing lies. This is your last chance, tell me everything and don't miss any of the good stuff. I have people watching you at all times. I even have a camera recording whatever goes on in the bedroom and you have been very busy these days. I'll bet you've spent more on those studs than you do with me these days. That by the way is an insult that you will pay dearly for when you get back from fucking half the studs in whatever foreign city you are visiting."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yolanda began sobbing and choking, which got her another stroke of the cane, this one across her swollen tits that would no longer fit in her bra. For the next half hour she named names, gave estimates of cock sizes, length as well as girth, how often they ass fucked her and how long she spent sucking each one before and after they came in her back hole. Jamela almost split her sides laughing when she heard about the stud who scooped his cum from her asshole and made her lick it off his fingers and swallow it. Miss Y insisted that most of the men didn't ask for money, but admitted there were three that did, including the one who had made her swallow his cum after it had been pumped into her butthole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela looked over to Chloe and winked, a sure sign that she hadn't bought into everything that Yolanda had said. She turned to her client and raked her tits with her nails, leaving a bloody set of furrows behind. Then she leaned forward and nipped Yolanda's lips, drawing blood as well. She whispered something into the thin black woman's ear that brought tears to her eyes and an evil grin to Jamela's features. The dominatrix started teasing her victim by pulling on the thread that closed her pussy shut. Miss Y grimaced and her body made a weak attempt to avoid any further forays from her assailant. Then Jamela ripped the thread from Yolanda's cunt mouth with one powerful movement and the skinny black woman screamed to the heavens as the thread ripped open nearly half of the small holes through which it had been lodged.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now you can fuck all the studs you want on your little business trip. Old Jamela has just made you a free woman who now can offer not one, not two, but three holes for the price of one. Here's something else to think of while you're wining and dining the customer and fucking everything with a cock that crosses your path. When you come back you have two choices; you can never see me again or you can go with me to the farm and take a refresher course on how to be a devoted slave for your considerate and loving mistress who is always looking out for your well being, even when you are too dumb to realize it."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Less than five minutes later Chloe watched in amazement as the client slowly dressed, excluding her bra, which was now at least two sizes too small to contain her swollen and still bleeding tits. She was even more astonished when the tall, thin woman withdrew an adult diaper from her tote bag and gingerly stepped into it so that the blood oozing from her battered bottom would not stain her clothing. Yolanda looked at her features in the mirror and satisfied that she looked presentable, took her leave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the rest of the day Jamela kept her busy doing incidental things that allowed her mistress to focus on plans for her various clients. Later after dinner the powerful black woman sat her down and provided a thumbnail sketch of each of her clients. In all, there were six, all in their twenties, all black and well heeled enough to afford her unique services and all "very fucked up" to quote the dominatrix. Today's visitors were at the top of her chart when it came to making trouble. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first client, Jamela was very careful not to identify any by their names although she did have nicknames for each, was on the verge of being asked to find another source of assistance. She wasn't looking for help, it was her mother doing the asking, and to the dominatrix, this was a lost cause. The gangbang in all likelihood would not work, but it would give Jamela a few laughs since it would be taped and she could use it like a weapon to keep her client under control until she finally got tired enough to give her the deep six. She had two or three potential replacements, but needed more time to do a complete evaluation of them. Chloe was very impressed by the orderly way her mistress ran her business.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other visitor that day also frustrated Jamela but she still was a source of entertainment for the dominatrix. Chloe's mistress could not resist letting her know what had been planned for that one. As she listened, her feelings concerning Jamela were fortified.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Miss Y's twat is going to be almost healed by the time her trip to Europe is scheduled. So I've arranged a little bon voyage surprise for her. The night before she goes she's getting a visit from a couple of rapists that do odd jobs for another mistress who owes me a favor. By the time they get done fucking every hole she has at least twice, then using a police baton to finish the job, her almost ready for prime time cunt and that tight asshole won't be able to take anything thicker than a pencil for at least the duration of her business trip. Knowing that bitch like I do, she'll be pounding on my door the day she gets back, begging me to take her to the farm. That bitch is a pain sponge, but I wonder how she'll react when she discovers that after she takes the pony up her cunt and asshole she'll have to deal with a donkey that hasn't had any pussy in a month. I can hardly wait to tape that little meeting."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All Chloe could do was shiver and thank her lucky stars that she hadn't antagonized her mistress too much to date. She wanted to be absolutely sure that she stayed on the right side of this powerful woman, no matter what the consequences. Little did she know that Jamela was already scheming to use her as a way to become even more important to her boss, Cynthia Farnsworth, Frances Connolly's section chief.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe - Dominated and Degraded&nbsp; - Chapter 24





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As usual Cynthia Farnsworth was at least one step ahead of her secretary. By the time Jamela got around to breaking the news about her new acquisition, it was old news to her supervisor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I wondered when you'd get around to telling me about you and my agent, Ms. Connolly. Now you do know that management does not encourage fraternization outside of work. It often gets in the way of a smooth functioning organization when the team members are distracted from their assignments by personal matters involving other members of the team. Now that I've spoken as your manager, let's get down to brass tacks. Why have you been holding out on me, you nasty bitch? It had better be good or you just might receive a visit from some people that you don't want to know. They'd make what you do seem like a children's game, and guess what, you'll be the one in the barrel and it won't be filled with lilac water either."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although the Bureau section head never raised her voice or showed any outward sign of unhappiness with her secretary, Jamela knew that she had misjudged her timing of this little surprise. She wondered what it might cost her this time. She still shuddered over what happened to her the last time. Those trained dogs made her asshole and cunt feel like they'd been torn to shreds. Then to show Jamela that this was only an average disciplining, for the rest of the long weekend she'd been the fuck pig at a coed gangbang that lasted for another day and a half. Afterward she was dumped naked and barely conscious at the entrance to her apartment. It was the doorman who came upstairs and let her in with his passkey, not batting an eye at her condition. Six hours later Jamela was at the Bureau ready for duty and there was plenty to be done; so much in fact that she had to work overtime to finish it. That was two years and four months ago, and she still marked it on her calendar.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're lucky that I'm in a good mood and Greg has been bothering me about having you over for a little threesome, myself excluded of course. It might be fun to have you and agent Connolly for the weekend. How about next weekend; would that fit into your busy schedule? Come to think of it I might like to get involved if you can guarantee to bring along that gorgeous brown-skinned beauty as well. You know the one I mean; now don't be coy. You don't do coy very well. Now don't you go and tell me that she's no longer your client that would be a lie. You do realize that you're under surveillance twenty-four seven, don't you? After the last session she could barely walk, it must have been four stars. I must take the time to see the tape. Perhaps when we all get-together at the house, it might be a good time to replay one of your finest hours as a dominatrix."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By then Jamela was on the verge of breaking into a cold sweat. She hated to be the fool, especially when it was her own fault. That silly brown-skinned bitch had no idea just how much pain she was going to suffer once her mistress got done kissing Cynthia Farnsworth's ass. Jamela was no fool, there would be other demeaning activities she and her super-nasty husband planned for her and the other bitches. On top of all that, there was the issue of what to do with the client. Once she got a good look at Cynthia and Greg, she and they were all vulnerable. The thought of what might happen next made Jamela tremble. Once again the section chief demonstrated her wiliness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll bet you're worrying about your client and what might happen to her once we've all been unmasked, after a fashion. Your client could have a terrible accident, no great loss considering her emotional and mental state. She could wake up to discover she was now working as a prostitute in a brothel located in Nigeria or perhaps even in the middle East, servicing rich oil sheiks until her looks degraded. Then it would be a step downward to Central America, in the interior where she would live out her days, such as they were. However, more than likely she'll just become another guinea pig for a new drug being tested as a forget me forever injection. I hear it has some killer side effects such as full-blown nymphomania or other personality disorders requiring that she be placed in an institution for life. Naturally we could still use her as a crash test dummy for other drugs and methods for transporting goods and information on her person, from one country to another." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela winced at the possibilities that her supervisor suggested. None of them really left her as Jamela's property. That was in many ways worse than what she had to endure the last time she screwed up and had to pay for it. In this situation it was no client, no money. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cynthia had been watching Jamela's face for signs of discomfort and they were there in abundance. She knew exactly what motivated her secretary, power and money, not necessarily in that order either. There was a very good chance that she could work something out between them and wind up with a large fraction of her new agent, Frances Connolly, to do with as she pleased. Of course Jamela had to pay some kind of penalty above and beyond giving up most of the services of her new find. She'd have to discuss that one with her husband who sometimes mentioned his interest in bending Jamela's will to his own unique needs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela was in a bad mood for the next two days and itching to take it out on Chloe/Frances, but to no avail. The section chief had given her strict instructions that all those to be involved in the upcoming threesome or more were not to be treated harshly. The dominatrix knew better than to disobey her. In the meantime Cynthia and her husband discussed the agenda for the weekend. Had she known their plans, Jamela would have been furious, but resigned. As for Chloe/Frances, she seemed oblivious to everyone around her, be it Cynthia, Jamela or the one client that visited the apartment for a brief but brutal session. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Like the others she had ushered into Jamela's web, this black woman was in her mid-twenties. She was full figured, quite buxom and when she stripped down, her breasts, belly and rump was crisscrossed with scores of welts in various states of healing. However what got the quasi-agent's attention once the chastity belt, a cruel clamp with two rows of sharp teeth, was removed was the damage that had been done to her vulva. First there were the two lines of puncture wounds from the clamp that appeared to be suppurating, then the chunks of flesh missing from her swollen cunt lips and the two rows of thick rings made of what looked like lead that were stretching those fat, burn marked cushions so much that they looked more like twin membranes. The agent was surprised to hear anything from the client, most never said a word before entering Jamela's nest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've been very bad and Mistress Jamela is going to be very unhappy with me, but I couldn't help myself. The temptation was just too much for my weak will to overcome and so I let them enjoy themselves and it was such fun, too much fun I guess, but let the Mistress decide that." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe/Frances escorted the client, who winced after every shuffling step she took, into Jamela's bedroom and await her further orders. Her mistress was furious, so infuriated that she was speechless. The woman immediately fell to the floor and began pounding her forehead against the thick carpet, her bare body wracked with sobs. Jamela rose to her full height, towering over the cringing figure. Not a word had escaped her lips, so her acolyte stood by the door and waited for whatever was to transpire. It did not take long in coming. It was like a summer thunderstorm complete with bolts of lightning and claps of thunder that shook the client to her core.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without saying a word Jamela moved behind the sobbing woman and landed a vicious blow to her spine, just between the shoulder blades. That drove the air from the client's lungs and made her topple over onto her side. The dominatrix reached down and grabbed a handful of the client's hair and began banging her head against the rug until she had to pause for breath. She moved away and then dealt the woman a kick to the ribs that compressed her into a ball as she desperately tried to protect her body from the terrible punishment the dominatrix began to deliver. All Chloe/Frances could do was watch and mentally cringe at what was taking place. Jamela managed to drag the sobbing wretch to her feet long enough to deal a knee to her cunt and open-handed slaps to both ears as she choked and wailed, then began to vomit. That infuriated her mistress who kicked the client in the knee to down her so she could give her a number of kicks to the head and stomp down with her high-heeled boots, driving the heel into her ribcage and even the sides of her swollen, bleeding tits. Jamela stopped her assault long enough to have her assistant find the metal collar with the embedded studs on the inside and the wrist manacles that were attached to the back.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress locked the collar securely around the client's neck and ratcheted it down until she screamed from the pain that the studs produced as they pressed deep into her flesh. It was an easy matter to snap the manacles around the sobbing, pleading woman's wrists, effectively restraining and making her entire naked body available for the beating Jamela had in mind to deliver.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I don't want this bitch bleeding all over my good carpet and maybe splattering some on my walls that were just painted a month ago. We are taking her into the bathroom, but not for water sports, at least not until I get done beating her to within an inch of her miserable life." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pale blonde nodded and helped the client to her feet, which proved to be a mistake as she soon discovered. Jamela rushed over screaming at the top of her lungs and smashed the black woman across the side of the head with her fist.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No help for this lazy, good for nothing bitch! No wonder her father doesn't want to fuck her anymore! Who would want to stick his dick into that sewer she calls a cunt?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chloe/Frances was astonished at the bottled up anger that her mistress could release on occasion, and this was one of those occasions. The client staggered in the direction of Jamela's gigantic bed and was rewarded with a kick to the knee that made her fold up and collapse to the floor once more. Over and over she was kicked in the ribs and side as she begged then bellowed in agony from the damage caused by the steel-toed boots.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get up you sorry excuse for a black woman! Show some pride for your race, or has the white man beaten it out of you already? Why am I wasting time on your miserable existence when there are so many other more deserving black women begging to learn from mistress Jamela? Now I want you to get up from the floor and move your sorry ass to the bathroom where I am going to see just how close to death I can bring you. I'm counting to five and then if you haven't gotten your ugly ass up I'm gonna grab those rings in your cunt lips and see if they come free before I get you to your feet!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was apparent that the dominatrix knew her client quite well. The moment she made a feint toward the thick rings embedded in her swollen labia, the young black woman rolled quickly away and managed to get to her knees. Unfortunately Jamela was just as quick and twice as angry, grabbing her by the hair and yanking hard. Her prey grunted and tried to push up to regain her feet. Jamela would have none of that. She stepped back, still holding the woman's hair and began kicking her in the belly and cunt mouth with those steel-toed boots. The client screamed in agony as fresh, gaping wounds were opened in that sensitive region of her body. Once more she brought up some semi-digested food, which ran down her chin and began coating her big tits. With a loud grunt Jamela managed to bring the trembling, young woman to her feet, and pushed her in the direction of the bathroom. Her pale blonde assistant hurried over to open the door, but was not quick enough for her mistress. Jamela slammed the black woman's head against the bathroom door three times before letting her slump to the floor, barely conscious. The dominatrix glared balefully at her trainee and muttered under her breath that she was in for some additional training as soon as she got done with this piece of worthless crap.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once inside the bathroom and revived, the black woman was made to kneel in front of Jamela who was seated on the edge of the huge tub that could and often did handle more than one person. The dominatrix had unzipped the leather piece that guarded her hairy pussy and was positioning it so that the client could begin worshipping it as soon as Jamela was satisfied that she had told her all there was to tell. Chloe/Frances stood by the door and watched what took place, her ears capturing every word that came from her mistress as well as the young, battered, black woman. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now I want you to start at the beginning and tell me everything that happened to produce this sad state of affairs. I would have thought that your father would have easily prevented this relapse back to the old ways, or am I wrong? If you lie to me we are done; it is over between us! However you will still pay a steep price in pain and degradation before old Jamela and my few friends and many associates are done with you. There is a good chance that you may not be able to function at all once you leave the sanctuary I have provided. You may very well turn into a vegetable, unworthy for any role in normal society. That will be your problem, not mine. You will be quickly replaced by any number of candidates, each more interesting and not as screwed up as you were when your father hired me to tutor you to the ways of the real world. One last thing, you will keep your eyes focused on my pussy at all times and whenever I spread my thighs you will put that snake's tongue of yours to work making my pussy and therefore your mistress satisfied. You will continue your worshipping until I tell you to resume your story."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With those words Jamela parted her thighs and the client dove between those powerful legs, her tongue spearing that hairy twat that was presented for her attention. Chloe/Frances kept an eye on how her mistress reacted to this initial overture, and was quite surprised at the way it almost immediately calmed Jamela. The dominatrix started to stroke the client's head like she was a pet. This only intensified the response she received from the young black woman. She began slobbering like a dog all over Jamela's thick bushy pubes, literally straining them to capture anything that might be captured within those curly, springy hairs. As suddenly as this activity began, so just as quickly it was terminated with cruel open-handed slaps to the woman's ears. Jamela growled and ordered her to start her story and use words like "cunt", "asshole" and the like. She threatened to tear the woman's hair from her head if she lapsed into that phony uptown talk. Her frightened victim began her story in a low voice until she received a vicious blow to the side of her face from the dominatrix.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The night before it happened, my father invited a member of his corporate management team along with his rather attractive and considerably younger wife for dinner to celebrate a recent acquisition that significantly enhanced the corporation's annual profit. During the briefing that my father gave me, it was made perfectly clear that I was to entertain both of his visitors with my body, performing any activity they so desired. Naturally father would also be involved as a matter of courtesy. In recent months my father had become rather cool toward me. Thus I was excited to have this opportunity to strengthen our bond that had begun when I was fourteen. At that time his former wife, my mother, had been discovered in an illicit affair that resulted in a divorce that left her well fixed but forever estranged from me."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Things went as planned. The couple was stunned at my decorations, as father describes them. The dozen lead alloy rings took a number of attempts, as well as a portion of my outer cunt lips, before they were properly set. The signs of my disobedience to authority, a layer of welts in varying stages of healing, covered the more sensitive regions of my naked body and attracted keen attention from the male guest. With father's encouragement he tested the rings, pulling my cunt lips out to their limit and holding them in that position while I sweat and trembled, praying that he would not go further and draw blood. The woman ran her long fingernails across the welts that covered my tits, belly and ass. It was very apparent that she was excited strongly by my nudity and the signs of contrition that I exhibited. This portion of the evening concluded, the sex began." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The man sodomized me a number of times while his wife offered up whatever my father wanted."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The use of certain words in that sentence drew Jamela's ire and another blow to her client's head, delivered with such passion and power, it threatened to break her neck. It took the trembling woman a few moments to recover her equilibrium, and then she picked up the story once more, now going over what had irritated her mistress.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The stud fucked me hard in my asshole a couple of times and his big cock really stretched my poor shitter. Naturally I had to suck that fuck stick clean as a whistle before getting him ready for another go at my gaping asshole. His wife was also doing some serious grunting and groaning as my father's prick pounded her pussy to pulp. I was hoping for some of that hard cock before the night was over, but he didn't give me a sniff, except when he wanted me to get him hard so he could fuck that white bitch some more. Things settled down into a routine and I was kept busy either sucking and swallowing cum from the bitch's cunt and asshole or getting my father and the other stud hard enough to do me and the white cunt."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"My father's guests were having a good time watching me doing all the nasty things like cleaning up cocks fresh from my or the white bitch's asshole, sucking them off so they could fuck my sore asshole some more or getting the white lady off with my tongue. When I would eat the white devil's pussy, my father and the stud would use their belts on my already welted ass and whip my butt until it started to bleed. They wouldn't stop until she got off and the number of times I got her off was few and far between. The couple really loved to watch my father jam that butt plug up my asshole after every load of cum that was pumped into it by the stud."

&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Father suggested that I be used further and produced a number of toys for the entertainment. The young bitch seemed to get a thrill when she used a strap on dildo that was huge to stretch my cunt. This excited the stud who had me give him head until his cock was stiff enough to once more go up into my sore butthole. This time he wore a condom that had ridges and bumps that really made me beg for mercy. Now they were double fucking me and father seemed to be really enjoying my pain and suffering. Even though that thick tool was rubbing my cunt raw and his cock was stretching my asshole to way beyond comfort, I was on the verge of getting off."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now father got into the act and shoved his cock down my throat so hard and fast that tears came from my eyes. Having my father's cock in my throat was the thing that pushed me over into a gigantic orgasm that even surprised me. The only problem was I soaked the sheets as well as the white bitch's shaved cunt, making me pay a penalty for cumming without permission. The pain they generated while they fist fucked my sore fuck tunnel was mind-blowing. First the stud then my father, back and forth each one working his fist further and further up my sore, tired twat while the other rested and watched the action. Try as they would, neither was able to reach my cervix. All that changed when the white bitch got into the act and slipped on a latex glove, and then lubed it with "hot sauce". I'd had the hot sauce treatment before and I started to cry and beg for her not to do this thing to me. That just made her more determined. Her husband and my father made bets about whether or not she could reach my cervix. I was in agony by the time her closed hand made contact with my uterus and began punching it with blows that felt like hammers made of molten steel. I passed out at that point. The last thing I heard was father suggesting that perhaps she might want to go up my asshole and see just how far she could get her arm."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jamela cut her off at that point in the story and ordered her back to eating her cunt. Once more that snake-like tongue began lapping and wiggling across the hairy terrain that was the dominatrix's vulva. It darted and licked, sucked and kissed, all the time paying close attention to every movement and sound that issued from her mistress. All Chloe/Frances could do was wait and watch, wondering how this tale would finally end.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite) 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





