BDSM Library - Joanna's First Gynecological Exam-The Sequel




Joanna's First Gynecological Exam-The Sequel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Joanna has never had a gynecological exam and that fact is what Dr. Michael is betting on.  He intends to humiliate and abuse her lovely body with the help of his colleagues.  This is the sequel to the first story.  In this sequel, Joanna is led to the dreaded exam table with the stirrup so the Doctor's can perform their intimate exam.Author: Powerone  
Title: Joanna's First Gynecological Exam-The Sequel  
Summary: Joanna has never had a gynecological exam and that fact is what
  Dr. Michael is betting on. He intends to humiliate and abuse her lovely body
  with the help of his colleagues. This is the sequel to the first story.  
Keywords: M+/F, anal, oral, bd, humil, enem  
Copyright 2004 by Powerone. Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com   
Joanna's First Gynecological Exam-The Sequel  
 Dr. Michael led Joanna to the ominous looking gynecological exam table.
  It was more of a padded, black leather chair than a table, fully adjustable
  to go from upright at 75&deg;, all the way down so that the head would even
  be lower than the rest of the body. Most foreboding were the stirrups as they
  not what she had expected. These were sleek troughs of metal, each bent sharply
  to the sides, the walls almost as thick as a leg, connected with strange gears
  and levers. Joanna's mind made her immediately afraid at how they would bend
  and spread her legs when secured in them. And secured they would be. Thick
  black leather straps highlighted the bright metal, three on each stirrup, able
  to secure her legs at the thigh and below the knee, leaving her leg no other
  choice but to move with the stirrups. She understood how exposed it would leave
  her, her sex open to whatever they had planned for her.  
 This was her first gynecological exam. Dr. Michael had already stripped
  her naked in front of the other three doctors, Dr. Steve, Dr. Bill and Dr.
  James. They took pictures of her, or more appropriately of her sexual parts
  after they all took turns examining her. They had placed her on an exam table
  on all fours while they examined her anus, Joanna humiliated when the janitor
  came in while she was being examined this way. She had unwisely not read the
  contract she signed for the free exam; she had unwittingly volunteered for
  a research project on the "Masturbatory Practices of the Female College Student." Under
  threat of having to pay an astronomical price for the exam&mdash;which was
  ridiculous, as she would not able to afford any amount &mdash;she consented
  to let them masturbate her until she came, embarrassed as she creamed all over
  their fingers. They seemed to delight in fingering her virgin anus with the
  final humiliation of submitting to an enema, forced to release it in front
  of them while they brought her to climax again, her body drained from the forced
  masturbations.  
 And now she was being led to the gynecological table, the eyes of the other
  doctors followed her naked body as she walked, her breasts bouncing. She could
  actually feel Dr. Michael watch the gentle sway of her naked ass as she walked.
  They had not offered her an exam gown and Joanna was too embarrassed to ask
  for one. She felt a hand at her waist, instantly recognizing Dr. Michael's
  soft touch as compared to the others who seemed unsure and fumbled with her
  body.  
 "Now relax, Joanna. I know this appears imposing, but it is not as scary
  as it looks. It is really quite comfortable. Now turn around and sit on the
  table. It will be cold for a second but your skin will warm it up quickly." Dr.
  Michael helped her onto the table, watched her ass as she slid around, his
  cock hard already.  
She sat demurely; bit her lower lip, her thighs
  clamped tightly together. She looked so beautiful, her long blond hair hanging
  to the side, slightly tussled, her breasts rose and fell, the nipples hard
  from the chill in the air, Dr. Michael always made sure that it was on the
  cold side. The cold took their minds off the things being done to their bodies,
  always looking for ways to stay warm.  
Joanna's blue eyes were wide open, searched the
  room as if she were looking for a way to escape. Dr. Michael put his hands
  on her legs, slightly above her knees, enjoyed the touch of her downy skin,
  loved the feel of this nineteen-year-old girl and her sleek silky thighs just
  made to be caressed. He looked in her eyes, "lean forward a little," a small
  remote in his hand made the back of the table move forward, her back erect,
  forced her tits to push out. "Yes, like that, Joanna," he loved the way her
  young breasts were so prominently displayed. He pushed her hair to the side,
  uncovered her breasts and nipples so all of the doctors could view her. He
  cupped both of her globes, hefted them in his large hands, able to encircle
  them both from below.  
He spoke to the other doctors again, "we have already
  checked her breasts for lumps and previously found that Joanna has a tendency
  to get aroused when her nipples are pinched. We have found in our research
  study so far that many girls of Joanna's age and inclination find it very sexually
  stimulating to have their nipples and breasts rudely handled. We have begun
  to do further test studies of subjects in this research group and we shall
  continue with Joanna."  
 He watched the mixed emotions play on her face, just like all of the others.
  They hated the doctors doing things to their bodies, unable to stop them, but
  once begun they enjoyed it, all of them forced to cum under the expert hands
  of his team of "doctors." He saw her mouth begin to open as if to speak, "sshh,
  Joanna," he whispered to her, "you will enjoy this, I guarantee it."  
 He spoke to the doctors again, "in our other studies, we have learned that
  it is best for the test subject not to see what is happening, letting her rely
  on her other senses. This heightens the sexual experience. For this, we will
  blindfold Joanna. Dr. Steve, would you mind placing the blindfold on Joanna?"  
 He noted the panic in her eyes as he handed the blindfold to Dr. Steve. "It's
  OK, Joanna, just part of the research project." His hands went to her thighs
  again, felt her tightly clenched muscles. He rubbed sensuously, her eyes looked
  confused just before the blindfold slipped over them.  
 God, she thought she would cum when his hands lightly touched her thighs
  as darkness engulfed her; the blindfold blocked all light. She could only hear
  the sounds of the doctors in the room and feel Dr. Michael's hands on her thighs.
  It was more of the touch of a lover than a doctor; the hands attempted to arouse
  her and succeeded at it. Her nipples hurt, ached to be touched. He had been
  right, his touch seemed to be magnified now, her body poised but unsure of
  where his hands would touch next, excited by the thought, eagerly awaited his
  touch. "Ooh!" the feel of something cold, metal underneath her breasts, a calloused
  hand hefted her breasts as the object pushed underneath. She felt a similar
  touch on the top of her breasts; the twin cold objects seemed to trap her flesh
  between them.  
 "Tighten them slowly," she heard Dr. Michael say as hands fumbled at her
  sides, the metal bars closed, Joanna felt the pressure on her breasts as they
  were squeezed between the rigid bars. "Please," she begged as her breasts became
  uncomfortably compressed, the blood pushed into her already hard and swollen
  nipples further inflamed her lust. She gritted her teeth as the pain increased,
  her youthful breasts trapped between the twin bars, the resilient flesh squeezed,
  only able to imagine how they looked to the doctors, her proud breasts now
  crushed between the unyielding metal. Her nipples ached to be touched, blood
  pounded in the tips. Her hands clenched the edge of the chair; she refused
  to stop them, let them have their way with her breasts, hoped that they would
  work on her nipples. She knew she would cum if they only touched her there.  
 "You will notice how resilient her breasts are," Dr. Michael spoke to the
  others. "Young girls' breasts are so malleable, almost begging to be bound
  tightly. A little tighter, yes, that's good. See how swollen her nipples are?
  They must be over an inch long, the blood compressed into the hardened tips.
  This will make them very sensitive, more so than normal. Even her areolas are
  pushed outward, making such lovely targets for any type of clamping or pinching
  device." Dr. Michael rubbed a ragged fingernail just outside the edge of her
  areola; Joanna arched her back, thrust her breasts into his fingers, seeking
  any type of touch. "Note how Joanna's body eagerly seeks relief. She is now
  receptive to any stimuli, pleasure and even pain. We have found that in many
  of our test subjects." Dr. Michael picked up four miniature clothespins, only
  an inch long, but still with powerful springs. "Start the camera, Dr. Steve,
  I want to capture the reaction of Joanna as we increase the stimulation. Aim
  it on her face while Dr. Bill tapes the part of her body that is being stimulated.
  The final tape will be edited together so we will be able to see what is happening
  and how she is reacting all at the same time."  
 They filmed her body again, naked, blindfolded, her breasts bound tightly
  together as they further tormented her sexually charged body. "Ow!!" she screamed
  as her areola felt the sudden severe pinch of some unknown object. She shook
  her breasts, unable to get rid of whatever they had secured to her tender flesh,
  the movement just increased the pain. Her eyes began to tear beneath her blindfold,
  her hands white from clenching tightly as she endured the pain. "It hurts,
  please take if off!" she begged them, then as she felt Dr. Michael's hand slowly
  move between her legs, relaxed her tightened muscles as she began to spread
  them open, almost as if she was welcoming him. His hands moved to the inside
  of her tender thighs, pushed outward, forced her to spread wider, now sure
  that all eyes were on her pussy as she slowly revealed herself to them yet
  again. The pain in her breasts had gone from a sharp pain to a dull, throb,
  her nipples felt like they might burst. Dr. Michael's hands, still very insistent,
  increased the spread of her legs, sliding up and down her silky thighs, almost
  touched her pussy, but stopped just short to move back down, pushed outward
  again. Joanna had no choice but to increase the spread of her legs. She felt
  her pussy cream from the duel ravishment of her breasts and the forced spread
  of her legs for the doctors' pleasure.  
"Oh, God!" she cried out again and bit her lip
  in pain. The sharp sudden pinch happened again, this time on the other side.
  A third equally painful pinch pricked the other side, "God! That hurts!" she
  screamed, tears soaked the blindfold as her pain increased. Her whole areola
  was a mass of conflicting pain and pleasure.  
Dr. Michael slid his hands up between her widely
  spaced thighs, touched the vee of her legs, his fingertips stroked the flesh
  of her pussy lips. "You will notice how wet Joanna is," he peeled back her
  pussy lips for all of the doctors to see the wetness of her pussy. "Her breasts
  might be in pain as you can hear from her cries, but her pussy is creaming
  very nicely. If I were to touch her clit now, I'm sure she would shudder in
  orgasm. But first we must finish with her breast manipulation. Dr. Steve, will
  you continue?"  
Dr. Steve used four more miniature clothespins
  to bring out gasps of pain from Joanna's lips each time one clamped onto the
  sensitive areola of her other breast. When he was finished, each nipple was
  surrounded by four clothespins that bit painfully into her tender flesh, her
  hard pink nipples protruded from between them; targets that would soon be visited.  
Both of her breasts now ached, squeezed between
  the twin bars compressing the flesh, the bite of whatever object they used
  to pinch her areolas turned into a gradually dull pain that radiated from them,
  but her nipples still sought relief, the sole point of contact that had been
  spared, even though that was what she most sought. They turned her body against
  her, made it seek out the pain in order to experience the pleasure. Dr. Michael's
  hands continued the exploration of her spread legs, his fingertips wet; she
  knew it was with her juices, embarrassed that they could force her body to
  do such things. "Please, please touch my nipples," she finally begged, wanting
  relief, not caring how desperate she sounded, knew that they could see how
  aroused they had forced her to become.  
"As you can hear, Joanna is now verbally seeking
  relief, similar to other subjects that have undergone these same treatments." Dr.
  Michael picked up two clothespins, not miniature ones like those that already
  graced her body, but thick, wooden clothespin with heavy metal springs. He
  smiled at the other doctors, "we wouldn't want to disappoint, Joanna. Dr. Steve,
  would you help me?" and handed one of the cruel clothespins to him. He wanted
  her to feel both of her nipples clamped tight at one time.  
"Dr. Bill," Michael handed him the other, wanting
  to masturbate Joanna at the same time, wanting to make her cum under the pain.
  His fingers touched her pussy lips, her hips jumped from the unexpected touch;
  her gasp pleased him. Her body expected the touch on her nipples; his hands
  surprised her when they touched her naked pubes. He peeled back her lips, her
  juices coated her pink pussy, his fingers rubbed up and down, she gasped from
  the unexpected masturbation.  
"Oh, yesssss," she moaned, the ache in her breasts
  forgotten, Dr. Michael's masturbating fingers brought such pleasure between
  her legs. She almost forgot what she had asked them to do. That is, until she
  felt the intense pain as both of her nipples were trapped between what felt
  like a pair of pliers, the pressure so intense that she thought they would
  pop and she would bleed to death. Her ear piercing shrill filled the room,
  scaring Dr. James, the pain shot to her brain as her delicate nipples were
  savagely crushed. She felt Dr. Michael's finger on her clit as it peeled back
  the hood, exposed the swollen and inflamed bud to his touch, his fingers gripped
  tightly and pulled. She came like she had never cum before, sure that the leather
  seat beneath her drowned in her juices, her body shuddered, the devices attached
  to her breasts sent shooting pains into her flesh as she shook back and forth,
  igniting fresh bouts of pain. "More!" she cried, her orgasm drained her body,
  a new sharp burst of pain brought about as someone struck at all of the devices
  on her breasts, pinched tighter as they were slapped back and forth. The worst
  were the ones that pinched her nipples unmercifully, the blood-engorged tips
  clamped so tight. She came again, Dr. Michael's fingers so masterfully masturbated
  her to multiple orgasms, the right amount of pleasure mixed with the pain they
  inflicted on her body. She shuddered one last time, her body slumped in the
  chair, her breasts ached, fingers still lingered on her sex.  
 "Give her a minute," Dr. Michael spoke to the
  others, not wanting to remove the clothespins yet. She was not prepared for
  what was to happen, Dr. Michael wanted it to be a surprise. His hands returned
  to her pussy, fingers rubbed up and down her drenched slit, enjoyed the movement
  of her hips. She might have already cum, but her body was still aroused, the
  darkness of the unknown kept her on edge. His fingers went to her clit again,
  she tried to move away at first, her clit sensitive to touch after her orgasms.
  But he persevered, his fingers slapped back and forth over the tip until her
  legs relaxed again, unable to stop him, gave up trying.  
His fingers continued to masturbate her, her body
  still on edge. She heard the command, but didn't understand.  
"Now," Dr. Michael told the others.  
She screamed at the top of her voice as fingers
  fumbled with the devices on her breasts, especially the ones on her nipples.
  She thought it would stop the dull ache when they took them off, she looked
  forward to the relief from the pain. Instead, the blood rushed into the skin
  and ignited pain that was worse than when they were first pinched. The absolute
  worst were her nipples, as if someone tore them from her body. A sharp pinch
  to her clit, her body shuddered from the dual pain, her pussy cumming again.
  Her hands rushed to her breasts, unable to contain herself any longer, rubbing&mdash;especially
  her sensitive nipples&mdash;to extinguish the pain. She couldn't stop herself
  from cumming as Dr. Michael's fingers extracted a final cum from her body.
  Slumped in the chair, Joanna was exhausted from the combination of pain and
  pleasure. They removed the bars that trapped her breast flesh between them,
  Joanna thankful that there appeared to be no physical damage as feeling returned
  to her breasts, the pain now a distant memory.  
"An excellent test, doctors. The tape should prove
  valuable in our research project," Michael did not mention the fact that it
  would bring top dollar in the Japanese market for pain films involving young,
  blonde, American women. "Let us clean up Joanna so we can proceed to the pelvic
  examination." Hands eagerly washed her body with warm water, paying close attention
  to her breasts and pussy.  
They stood in front of her again, her body fresh
  from the sponge bath they had given her, readied for the internal examination,
  all of them eager to spread her open and peek inside the most intimate parts
  of her body. "Now we need to get your legs in the stirrups, Joanna. Relax your
  muscles and let me guide you." He grabbed one ankle, felt her leg already relaxed,
  multiple orgasms had drained her young body. He pulled her leg out to the side,
  all eyes on her pussy as it spread open, her leg pressed into the sleek troughs
  of metal, encased within from the middle of her thighs to the middle of her
  calves.  
"I need to secure your legs this time, Joanna,
  I wouldn't want you to get hurt with any sudden movement. Various instruments
  are going to be introduced into your vaginal and anal tracts; a sudden movement
  could cause tearing." He tightened the straps on her legs, three of them secured
  each leg from calf to thigh.  
"Good girl, Joanna, now the other," his hand grabbed
  her other leg and pulled it to the other side, lifted it up and deposited it
  in the other stirrup. "See how her sex spreads out from the split of her legs
  induced by the stirrups? Once she is secured, the stirrups can be manipulated
  in any direction by a simple push of this button. This will allow complete
  access to her vaginal and anal tracts for exploration." He tightened the three
  straps on the other leg, Joanna now secured in the stirrups.  
She could envision their eyes on her spread sex,
  her legs already ached from the obscene spread, and knew that Dr. Michael would
  not be satisfied until she was fully open and humiliated in front of the other
  doctors. He seemed to take pleasure in forcing her into revealing and provocative
  positions, the most intimate parts of her body opened for their inspection.
  The difficult part was trying to understand why she allowed him to continue,
  why he so easily forced her to cum at his will. She felt the stirrups begin
  to vibrate then move outward, her legs forced to bow, her ass moved up higher
  as her legs progressively spread wider. The straps kept her legs securely in
  place, forced to follow the metal contraption that Dr. Michael controlled with
  the remote, not knowing how far he intended to display her body for their inspection.  
"I am going to get Joanna in position for the pelvic.
  The chair she is in was specially designed and built for me. The large metal
  troughs allow the legs to be secured tightly, the remote used to move the stirrups
  in any direction." He pushed the remote, the stirrups started to rise, Joanna's
  ass moved off the chair, as she was forced higher up. "Note how open her anus
  becomes, making the required rectal examination easier." He pushed the remote
  again, her ass slowly lowered again, but this time as her legs moved outward,
  her pussy lips began to spread open. "With the wide expanse of her legs, it
  is almost unnecessary to spread her outer lips apart; they have a tendency
  to part by themselves."  
Joanna felt her legs spread wider and wider, feared
  that he would not stop soon enough, her crotch already ached, afraid that he
  would split her up the middle. "Please, it's starting to hurt," she begged
  him. She felt his hands move up her inner thighs, up to the vee of her legs,
  fingers tested the tightness of her thigh muscles.  
"You can go wider, Joanna. We need you open very
  wide, the speculums are rather large so the wider your thighs are spread, the
  easier the insertion will be. You don't want it to hurt, do you, Joanna?"  
She could only shake her head, fearful of the speculums,
  having heard from some of her friends how full they made you feel, especially
  when opened inside you. They had told her that it was worse than being fucked
  by a large cock, the metal unyielding, not like the flesh of a cock.  
Dr. Michael moved a bright light between her legs,
  a light that also concealed a tiny camera that would record all of the proceedings
  and give excellent footage of her vaginal and rectal exams. Michael knew many
  Japanese men would masturbate at the sight of Joanna's exposed body. "The first
  thing to do is inspect the external genitals. Palpitate the mons veneris, looking
  for lumps or nodules." His fingers touched her, felt the soft fleshy tissue. "This
  area has many nerve endings and can be very stimulating for the female when
  caressed. Joanna has a neatly trimmed bush. Girls with shaved pubis seem to
  get excited quicker, the nerve endings no longer hidden by the hair." He pushed
  his fingers into her bush, the tips rubbed back and forth over her mound. "Visually
  inspect the labia. You will notice in Joanna that her labia minora is visible.
  You will find that a significant number of girls have a labia minor that project
  out. Sometimes the clitoris or clitoral hood is also visible as well, though
  not in Joanna's case."  
"The shape of the vulva in a woman is almost as
  varied as the mouth. You can see designs, shapes, patterns, and make associations
  with nature: a shell, a flower, a fig, an orchid, and yes, even those dangling
  wattles. There are styles; there is the Classical Cunt with symmetry, a Baroque
  style with complex folds and drapery, a Gothic Cunt with archways, and a Danish
  Modern with clean lines. Many women have vulva called Valentine Cunts. When
  you realize the heart design is the shape of a woman's genitals when her outer
  vaginal lips open, St. Valentine's Day suddenly has a new meaning.  
"In addition, the vulva is not symmetrical. The
  minor labia are not equally sized, one usually more pronounced then the other.
  This can be corrected with female pumping, the suctioning of the labia or by
  stretching. I will show you this later with Joanna. We have a very elaborate
  piece of equipment that can be used on all areas of the vulva, including clitoris
  pumping that increases the blood flow into the organ, makes it very sensitive
  to stimulation and produces some very interesting orgasms," Dr. Michael continued.  
The chair moved again, Dr. Michael made her ass
  rise higher. "Check the perineum for redness or swelling," his finger traced
  along the tiny patch of skin between her pudendal cleft and the anus. "Joanna
  has a trace of very fine hair here. I imagine she gets excited when touched
  there. The combination of the stimulation of the hair on the nerve endings
  has a way of exciting the flesh." He appreciated the way her body jumped when
  he touched her there, her strapped legs prevented any significant movement.
  He lowered her ass to the chair again, but not before he spread her legs open
  a little more, a low throaty groan came from Joanna.  
"Joanna's labia majora are very fleshy. The spread
  of her legs has already separated them, her labia minora prominent. Separate
  them wider until the minora is clearly visible." Michael pulled them back wide,
  two fingers gripped each lip tighter than was necessary, stretched, and he
  was sweetly rewarded by another groan from Joanna. "Often it may be necessary
  to use clamps to keep them separate. We may decide to do that later in the
  examination. Inspect the labia minora carefully, running your fingers up and
  down. Joanna is well lubricated. I presume that she is sexually aroused by
  my fingers, creaming from my manual ministration of her sex." He stroked up
  and down the silky inner lips, soaked in the wetness that his fingers provoked
  from her body, pleased at how easily she responded to masturbation. She had
  proven to be one of their best test subjects yet and would undoubtedly have
  the highest grossing video in Japan. Her cries of pleasure as she
  cums will be watched by thousands, mostly men with their hands pumping their
  cocks.  Dr. Michael could not hide his satisfied smile at the thought.  
"Now inspect the urethral meatus," his finger brushed
  over the tiny opening, "the vaginal opening," his fingers ran over the tight
  hole "and finally the clitoris." He pushed down around the clitoral hood until
  her swollen clitoris was exposed. "You will have to be careful with Joanna's
  clitoris. She is highly aroused now and would probably have an orgasm if it
  was stroked." He touched his finger to the red bud and her body jumped, another
  small moan escaped from her lips.  
"If you notice any swelling in the region of the
  Bartholin's glands, you will need to manually palpitate the area with your
  fingers. Joanna is fine, but I want to show you how to do it since she is so
  readily available. Put the index finger inside the vagina, the thumb outside
  the labia majora at an 8 o'clock position. Squeeze your fingers together to
  check for swelling. Repeat the procedure with the other side, the index finger
  outside the labia majora at the 4 o'clock position." Michael squeezed her flesh,
  his finger inside her vagina wet with her juices. "You may have to grip tighter
  in a case like Joanna's, her vagina is extremely wet and difficult to grip
  the skin tightly." Seeing her lips clenched, he pinched the skin even more
  tightly.  
"Now each of you will have a turn at doing a pelvic
  exam on Joanna. Dr. Steve, first," Michael watched as Dr. Steve sat in front
  of her widely spaced thighs, her sex so readily available. Steve's fingers
  eagerly touched her flesh a bit too harshly, Joanna jumped at the unexpected
  pain.  
Just when she thought it couldn't get any worse,
  Dr. Steve had taken Dr. Michael's place, his fingers less experienced and rougher,
  her body probed and stroked, her bound legs in the stirrups prevented her from
  protesting any of the rude handling of her body. She felt his breath on her
  pussy as his fingers exposed her vagina. The worst part was that her body still
  betrayed her, her juices aided the fingers entering her vagina, almost effortlessly
  as her pussy lips were squeezed tightly, way too tight. Each of the other doctors
  took their turn with her body, fingers slid over her exposed clitoris, teased
  her, kept her sexually aroused with no relief. Finally they finished, her sex
  glistened with her juices, her body sexually charged, wanting relief, almost
  ready to beg to be masturbated again.  
"Now, we'll open up Joanna's vagina with the speculum.
  Make sure it is adequately lubricated, but in Joanna's case, I don't think
  that it is necessary," all of the doctors laughed loudly as Joanna was humiliated.
  Michael's fingers pulled back her pussy lips, exposed the tiny tight mouth
  of her vagina, the gleaming chrome speculum in his hand. Joanna would have
  cringed if she had been able to see it, a light coat of frost covered the metal.
  Michael took it quickly from the freezer and began to insert it. Most doctors
  recommend that a speculum be used at room temperature. Michael loved the shocked
  look on their faces as the frigid metal was slowly inserted into their vaginal
  opening. Although their bodies quickly heated the metal, it was the first surprised
  look on their face, brought on by the shock of the cold metal that he enjoyed.  
"God, sooo cold," she whimpered as her pussy shrunk
  from the icy touch, the metal speculum forced hard inside her, stretched her
  wider at the same time her body shrunk from the cold. It was instant pain,
  her body not meant to be forced open so wide. But the speculum was relentless,
  pushed slowly inside her, her own juices aided her degradation, yet again,
  as the cold, sterile object entered her vagina, unyielding, ruthlessly forced
  inside her. Even the wide expanse of her legs didn't help, her vagina just
  too tiny and tight, the pain of the awful stretch felt as if she was being
  ripped up the middle. "No more, too deep," she cried, "it hurts," her cries
  fell on deaf ears as the speculum continued to penetrate her vagina, her walls
  pushed wide to accept the rigid metal flanges that would soon spread open inside
  her. She feared that even more: the slow, painful stretch as it was screwed
  open.  
"Almost all the way in, Joanna, hold on a little
  bit longer." He gave it one final push, a gasp from her lips as it was fully
  embedded inside her vagina. Her breathing was hard as she began to accept the
  inanimate object buried inside her. "Joanna was very tight so it was difficult
  the first time. You have to be firm with the patient. Sometimes a little pain
  may be necessary." His finger reached up to her clit again, lightly tapped
  at it, Joanna gasped in pleasure. "In the case of Joanna, a gentle masturbation
  of her clitoris is all she needed to make her forget the speculum."  
He was wrong, she could not forget the hard object
  that spread her painfully open from the inside, a fullness that was so much
  more than when a cock was inside her. This one was hard and unyielding, her
  pussy unable to clench on it. Yet the tapping of her clitoris did somehow soothe
  some of the pain. She waited in anticipation, knew that he would be opening
  it soon, the painful stretch returning. She jumped, the telephone shattered
  the quietness of the room, the outside world somehow breaking into the private
  world she was in.  
"Grip it tight, Joanna, don't let it slide out," Dr.
  Michael instructed her as she heard him answer the telephone, his voice gently
  talking to a patient. She squeezed her pussy on the metal speculum, gripped
  it, afraid it would slip from her pussy, falling out for all the doctors to
  see.  
Michael and the doctors all watched the strain
  on her face as she struggled to hold onto the slippery speculum inside her
  as if it was a lover's cock. They had done this often, faked a phone call when
  the speculum was inside a young patient for the first time, knowing they would
  struggle to obey. Never had one disappointed them and Joanna would not to be
  the first. They watched her struggle for over five minutes as Michael made
  believe he was talking to someone on the other end of the dead phone line.
  A light sweat glistened on her body as her internal muscles gripped the metal
  tight.  
Joanna was relieved when she felt the speculum
  move inside her, the touch of someone's fingers jarred it.  
"Good girl, Joanna. Now take a deep breath. I'm
  going to open it up inside you."  
 He didn't give her a chance to answer, the speculum
  began to move inside her, a strange feeling as the sides of the speculum flowered
  open, against her constrained pussy walls, forcefully pushed outward. She could
  only groan and gasp as she was slowly spread open from the inside, her vaginal
  walls pushed out by the hard metal. Each time she thought he had stopped, the
  relief was only temporary, as if he needed to get a better grip on the device
  that opened her up, each time it spread again, the pain inside her began anew.  
"She is opening up very well," Michael shined the
  light directly into the dark, black hole the speculum provided. "You can see
  inside her now," her pussy spread open and the inside exposed. He tapped her
  clitoris, wanting to keep her aroused.  
She felt the eyes peering between her legs, so
  close their hot breath touched her open sex, knew they were getting an intimate
  glimpse inside her, a glimpse that none had before and hoped none would again,
  humiliated at being so exposed. No, they couldn't!   The
  click of the camera revealed that they recorded every humiliating detail of
  her inner body. She heard them talk about her as they took turns peering into
  the depth of her body, the camera clicking away.  
 "Now for the rectal exam, Joanna." Michael pushed the control panel, Joanna's
  ass rose higher until her tiny anus was fully exposed, the spread of her legs
  already opened the wrinkled hole. "You must make sure your subject is properly
  lubricated for this procedure." Michael spread a liberal amount of water-soluble
  lubricant on his index finger.  
"Now try to relax your sphincter, Joanna, it will
  go much easier." He touched her opening, his fingertip large compared to the
  hole. "Joanna has a dark brown puckered opening, no sign of hemorrhoids, probably
  virginal. It is slightly wrinkled and extremely sensitive. The anus has a large
  collection of nerve endings. You can almost see it quivering as I lightly stroke
  the outside. Gently rub around the edges, pushing in with your fingertip as
  you do. You will see her anus gently flowering open, the fingertip slowly entering.
  Joanna is extremely tight, my finger is having difficulty entering. You may
  have to use more force," he pushed harder with his fingertip until finally
  her anus relented, the tip of his finger forced inside. "Slowly massage the
  muscle inside, let her get use to having something inside her."  
 His slippery finger penetrated her rectum; unable to control her sphincter,
  the muscle gripped the fingertip tightly. She felt it move inside her; slowly
  massage her muscle, pushed against it, spread her anus wider as he did. It
  felt strange to have something pushed inside her rectum, a strange fullness
  inside her asshole, the finger continually moved around inside her. She felt
  the uncomfortable fullness, fought the urge that she had to relieve herself.  
 "As she becomes accustomed to having your finger inside her, push in deeper.
  Joanna is very hot and tight, my finger engulfed by her anal tract. You can
  feel her rectum spasm. Continue penetration, letting the finger slide up to
  the knuckle. Turn your finger as you push in, this will ease the penetration.
  Once fully embedded, let your finger become still, giving Joanna a minute to
  fully accept it. Are you doing all right, Joanna?"  
 She couldn't speak; the finger in her asshole drew all her attention. It
  felt good and bad, both at the same time. Her asshole burned when the finger
  pushed inside her. And full, an uncomfortable feeling of being filled up, unable
  to control its motion. But it all aroused her. Not like when she masturbated.
  This was different. It was more a sense of having no control over your own
  body, the helplessness of having a strange finger move around inside the most
  intimate opening of your body and not being able to stop it or even want to
  stop it. Her anal tract suddenly went empty, the thick finger withdrew, her
  sphincter grabbed at it as if it wanted to stop it from leaving.  
"I want you to relax your sphincter for me, Joanna," Dr.
  Michael instructed her. His finger returned to her anus, lightly tapped the
  opening, watched the tiny hole quiver. "I need you to practice pushing out
  on your anus. This will make the insertion of the anal speculum much easier.
  Can you do that?"  
"What do you want me to do?" Joanna feared anything
  else going inside her asshole, especially something that would open her up
  from the inside. She knew it would be painful, the speculum holding her pussy
  open was still uncomfortable after the painful entry.  
"I want you to push out on your sphincter, as if
  you were trying to have a bowel movement. This will make your anus open. I
  will aid you, now push," his voice commanded her to perform. His fingers spread
  on the outside of her anus, stretched the skin on the wrinkled opening until
  the brown hole was extended. He waited, rewarded with a grunt from Joanna,
  her butt seemed to lift up, her anus pushed outward, the tiny hole slowly opened.  
A tiny fart escaped, Joanna turned red in embarrassment,
  her anus shrunk back to its original size. "I'm sorry," she whispered meekly.  
"A normal reaction for the female patient. Many
  times gas will be released." All of the doctors enjoyed her discomfort. "Now
  try again, Joanna. Push hard." His fingers stretched her anus again, the pucker
  gone from the tiny hole as she began to strain, hesitant this time, afraid
  of farting again. "Don't worry about farting, Joanna, I need you to push hard.
  I want to see your anus open." His voice demanded. He was rewarded with the
  sight of her tiny anus slowly unfolding, the pucker spread outward, his fingers
  pushed outward on the edges of her anus as she exerted herself.  
It was so embarrassing, knowing that they watched
  her, their faces glued to her anus as she pushed out, Dr. Michael's fingers
  uncomfortably close to the opening, fingered the sensitive area. She held her
  breath as she felt her anus open, feared the sound of a fart escaping. She
  grunted, pushed out and held, waited for a response. She couldn't hold it any
  longer, released the pressure on her sphincter. Her anus quickly shrank, but
  not before Dr. Michael's finger was pushed into her rectum, trapped as her
  anus shrank down, gripped the finger tightly.  
Dr. Michael moved his finger around inside her,
  massaged the muscle, "again, Joanna, push again. Let your anus open, again." He
  felt her try again, his finger released from the tight grasp of her sphincter,
  pushed outward from her anus, the tiny hole spread wide again. "Yes, very good,
  Joanna. See how well she opens up? Her sphincter is extremely tight. Each of
  you use your finger inside her rectum as she opens up for you. Do it for each
  of the doctors, Joanna, push out on your sphincter. Let them feel how tight
  you are."  
It seemed like hours, a thin sheen of sweat glowed
  on her body as each of the doctors fingered her anus, their fingers entered
  her rectum as she slowly opened herself for them, grunted each time she pushed.
  They took their time, made her strain for painfully long minutes, while their
  fingers moved inside her, massaged the clenched flesh. Finally the last one
  pulled his finger from her rectum, relieved that she was finally emptied.  
 "Good girl, Joanna," he praised her. Michael took
  another cold speculum from the freezer, this one smaller than the other, but
  formidable in size compared to the tiny opening that it would soon be inserted
  in. "We will use the Mathieu Rectal Speculum. This instrument allows for easy
  penetration and the scissor grip makes for easy spreading of the anal opening.
  As you can see, it has formidable depth," he gave no indication to Joanna of
  its 7 &frac12; inch length. "Take a deep breath, Joanna, and push out again."  
"Aagghh&hellip;" she moaned, the cold speculum
  shocked her system, her anus forced to shrink from the intense cold, the metal
  unrelenting, slowly entered her anus, the metal not like their soft, warm fingers.
  She was forcefully stretched open, the speculum, unfazed by her clenched sphincter
  muscle, pushed apart the spasms in her colon as it burrowed deep inside her
  bowels. She groaned in pain as a cramp attacked her, the speculum now fully
  inside her. It felt like it was a yard long, her colon held fast to the hard
  metal.  
"Now, slowly open the speculum," Dr. Michael instructed, "the
  anal tract is subject to tearing much more than the vagina," a steady gentle
  pressure on the scissors handle slowly opened the speculum, her anus spread
  wide on the rim, forced open, inside her bowels were spread. He locked the
  speculum in place, Joanna's gasp and ragged breathing showed the suffering
  she accepted as her whole crotch was spread wide, the twin speculums protruded
  from her openings. "Breathe slowly, Joanna, I know it feels strange, your orifices
  so open and exposed. We must now inspect and probe inside the speculums."  
Dr. Michael picked up an electrical probe. It was
  a four-inch metal cylinder, one inch in diameter. A black wire extended from
  the base of the unit to an electrical panel within Michael's reach. The panel
  regulated the amperes that flowed through the outside of the cylinder. It produced
  a mild charge that felt like a tingling to a more powerful charge that would
  force the internal organs to shudder, the subject would feel like they were
  being electrocuted from the inside. At the most powerful charge, the subject
  would lose all bodily functions, ultimately the heart failing.  
"You're going to feel a slight tingle, Joanna.
  We are just testing the conductivity of your vaginal and anal openings. The
  device will be able to determine if your body sufficiently lubricates naturally." He
  placed the probe inside her vagina, the speculum held her spread wide, not
  hitting her inner tissue until it passed the edge of the speculum, her inner
  walls clasped on to the hard metal probe. He saw her grit her teeth as the
  mild charge slowly flowed into her pussy, more of a tingle than a jolt. His
  finger moved to her clit, snapped at it, distracted her as he increased the
  voltage. Her muscles reacted to the increased voltage, tightened on not only
  the probe, but also on the speculums inside her. His fingers returned to her
  clit, snapped at the swollen bud, back and forth, his finger rubbed the tip.
  Now the other hole, a slim anal electrical probe slowly inserted into the anal
  speculum until it hit the end of the speculum. He pushed, the probe slowly
  entered, deep into the depths of her bowels as she was now skewered in both
  ends.  
The slight tingling became more painful, as if
  she was being punched, but from the inside, especially, the one inside her
  ass. Her colon began to spasm on the probe, cramps hit her stomach as her asshole
  clenched and unclenched on the speculum and probe inside her. She felt a sudden
  pain, the probe in her bowels pushed in deeper, as if it was going to come
  out her mouth. She had a sudden urge to release her bowels, fought the urge,
  clamped onto the speculum even tighter. If it weren't for the finger playing
  with her clit she would have screamed in pain, instead she bore the pain as
  the finger created such pleasure in her. She was ready to cum. Suddenly they
  stopped, the probes and the finger.  
"Very good, Joanna. Now remove the speculums, slowly." The
  probes already lay back on the table. "First, the anal speculum. See how her
  anus seems to cling to the metal as it is withdrawn? I'm sure that feels much
  better now, Joanna. Next, the vaginal speculum," He slowly pulled it out; her
  pussy clung to the metal.  
She felt such relief, as if a watermelon had been
  removed from her stomach. But she also felt empty and still aroused. She waited
  silently in the dark, hoped that they would masturbate her. She needed to cum.  
"Now, I will show you the latest techniques in
  shaping the vulva of the female. Joanna is young, her vulva still has the curvy
  shape and pouty vaginal lips that are well defined. With age, the vulva tends
  to get flat or concave. In older women we use pumping to enhance the shape
  of her sex. The treatment is highly arousing to the patient and most will have
  orgasms while being treated. They must be prepared for this. In Joanna's case,
  I think she would welcome it, now." Dr. Michael picked up a large clear plastic
  dome and fit it over Joanna's vulva, tightly seated between her spread legs. "This
  will feel strange, Joanna, but I guarantee that you will enjoy it. We will
  start off slowly." Dr. Michael slowly turned on the pump.  
Joanna's body jerked, it was as if a vacuum cleaner
  had been attached to her sex, the suction slowly drew all of her sex into the
  device. Her lips began to stretch, pulled outward. Even her clit, the hood
  pushed out of the way as it began to stretch, a strange vibration in it as
  it pulled out. The motor picked up in noise level, the suction increased. She
  felt her lips pulled towards the back of the dome, sucked into the tube. The
  increased whine of the motor warned her, the suctioning became more intense,
  her lips pulled almost painfully out, her clit pulled out into the air, untouched
  but a terrible pressure pulled away it from her body.  
"You can see the immense pressure that can be created
  by the machine. It has a very powerful motor. You can see that Joanna enjoys
  the feeling, her hips trying to move as her sex is sucked into the machine.
  For further arousal, the machine can be set for alternating suction." He switched
  the button, the machine slowed down, her vulva settled back into shape, then
  suddenly the motor kicked into high gear, her lips and clit pulled sharply. "The
  machine will alternate back and forth, with the operator able to regulate the
  intervals." The machine oscillated, Joanna's vulva pulled, released, pulled
  out again all with irregular motion, keeping her off guard.  
 "I don't want her to orgasm, yet." Michael pulled the dome off of her vulva,
  took pleasure in the look on her face as she was, again, denied orgasm. "Labia
  pumping can solve the problem of one labia being larger than the other. It's
  the fullness of shape that is attractive and lures the opposite gender; it
  defines a shape to female genitalia, one that indicates youthfulness. Although
  some women unfortunately might have nice full lips on their vaginas, one lip
  might be bigger than the other one. Labia pumping is a perfect solution to
  seek an equilibrium between each vaginal lip."  
Dr. Michael picked up another domed device, this
  one more narrow, more concentrated and longer. He placed it over her lips,
  pushed it tightly against her vulva. He felt her tremble, her ass arched up
  as best it could, begging for the suction. "The narrowness of the dome and
  the greater depth allows the labia to get sucked deeper into the dome. It is
  surprising that the labia can be stretched up to 25 centimeters, or more than
  seven inches. But this takes considerable time, perhaps longer than six weeks." He
  pushed the button on the machine; the motor hummed again, a cry of astonishment
  from Joanna as the suction slowly pulled her labia from her body, sucked it
  deep into the cup. The pressure increased, the lips more fully drawn into the
  cup; the suction painfully pulled the lips out. But Joanna didn't seem to mind
  the pain, soft moans coming from her lips.  
 She had to cum soon. The motor hit high gear, she didn't think her pussy
  lips would stretch any farther, but they did, the powerful motor seemed to
  rip them from her body. Just when she thought she would cum, the motor stopped,
  her lips sinking back. "Please, please," she begged.  
 "Would you like to cum, Joanna? How about if we let you cum while your clitoris
  is pumped?"  
 "Oh, God, yes, please!" She thought she would cum just at the thought of
  it.  
 "This practice of clit pumping involves taking a cylinder and placing it
  directly over the clitoris, causing the clitoris to get sucked into the cylinder,
  giving any girl an instant throbbing erection making it easy to achieve an
  intense orgasm." Dr. Michael picked up the long cylinder. It was narrow, forced
  the clitoris to pull tightly into the cramped cylinder. "Clitoris pumping induces
  blood flow to the clitoris forcing an instant erection to its maximum point
  where the clitoris is throbbing in sexual ecstasy and ready to perform to provide
  one of the most intense and mind-blowing orgasms the woman has ever felt. Joanna
  is already highly sexually aroused so she will probably orgasm in less than
  a minute."  
 Her clit manipulated by Dr. Michael, his gentle hands pushed her hood out
  of the way, the plastic fit snugly over her already swollen clitoris. She grits
  her teeth, waited for the intense feeling. She was not disappointed. Dr. Michael
  turned on the machine, not on low with a gradual increase, but on the highest
  setting first. "God!" she cried out as her clit was pulled into the cylinder
  by the force of the suction, the organ stretched over two inches long and still
  moved. The side walls of the cylinder rubbed harshly over the bud as it sucked
  her clitoris deep inside. The motor stopped, her clit shrunk back down, then
  started again, pumped it up once more. Dr. Michael continued the irregular
  motion, her clit pulled and released. She couldn't wait any longer; the orgasm
  gripped her body like never before. Her clit felt like it was the size of a
  baseball; the invisible suction forced it out and in, just as if it was fucking
  air. Her body shuddered, her pussy spurt like a cock, drenching the seat beneath
  her.  
 The doctors all watched the intense orgasm Joanna received, the camera filming
  all of it for the Japanese market, the lens got a close up of her elongated
  clitoris, pulled into the unnatural shape by the machine, her profuse cum drenching
  the seat, the look of ecstasy on her face as she came again and again, the
  machine masturbated her to multiple orgasms. Her climax ran into minutes, the
  machine let her down, then pumped harder, a new shudder ran through her as
  she came again. She finally slumped down; Dr. Michael checked her pulse, felt
  her speeding heart. "Very good, Joanna. One of your most intense orgasms."  
 They let her rest for a minute, the blindfold still on. "One more
    test, Joanna, then you will be finished." They helped her off the exam table
    and moved her over to the bench. This type of bench was usually reserved
    for male clients positioned for a   colonoscopy.
    Dr. Michael's bench was specially designed for his particular patients and
    put them into a provocative position that would film well. A padded leather
    bench with a sharp downward slope, went from about waist high to the floor
    at a 45 degree angle. The top of the bench was flat, about four inches wide,
    making for a comfortable bench for the female hips. The front side of the
    bench had two separate padded steps, each about eighteen inches from the
    floor, wide enough to hold the knees of the female patient. Naturally they
    were spread wide, mechanism controlled by remote to move side to side, increasing
    or decreasing the spread between the knees. The leather straps secured the
    knees and allowed Dr. Michael to place his patients into an unnaturally wide
    stance.  
 "The bench is extremely low, Joanna, so you are going to have to bend over
  deeply. This will put you into a position that will allow us to test the elasticity
  of your anal tract. It will push your butt high into the air, your anus spread
  and exposed. I will be inserting a device I call "the snake" into your anus.
  This device will slowly move deeper into your rectum, finally entering your
  colon. It will move on its own, feel any resistance and make necessary corrections
  needed to continue. It will be uncomfortable and give you a sense of fullness,
  almost like after you finish a Thanksgiving dinner. You may experience some
  cramping; this is necessary and expected. It is rather large."  
 "No, please, it hurts when you put things up my butt. Please don't." She
  knew she was almost finished, wanted it to end. But, this sounded painful.  
 Dr. Michael let his hand slip down over her ass cheeks, down the tight crease,
  his middle finger pushed aside any resistance by Joanna's clenched cheeks until
  he found her tiny anus, still lubricated by the speculum that had been introduced
  into the tiny orifice. "Nonsense, Joanna, we will try to be gentle," his finger
  pushed into her anus, gripped tightly by her rectum as she stood there, impaled
  on his moving finger. "You are very tight, we want to make sure that you do
  not have a problem in the future with the elasticity of your anal tract." He
  moved around in her asshole, felt her suffer the fingering of her intimate
  hole.  
 She jumped, stretched up on her toes as his finger pushed into her anus,
  unable to stop him as he moved around inside her again, massaged her muscle
  that gripped him so tightly. She felt his other hand push down on her back,
  slowly bend her over, her butt thrust out, forced the finger deeper inside
  her, made her spread her legs wider to accommodate the fat finger. Even though
  it had been spread wide by the speculum, it seemed to have shrunk back down
  to the little tiny star again, almost as if it had never been entered before.  
 "You'll feel the leather bench in a second, Joanna," his finger pulled from
  deep inside her rectum, as he needed both hands to manipulate her body into
  the desired position. He made her bend deeper until her hips hit the leather,
  then grabbed one of her legs, pulled it up, her muscles relaxed, let him have
  his way with her body, as he put the first knee onto the raised platform. "Now
  the other, kneel up on it," moved her other leg up until she was firmly on
  her knees, bent at the waist. "Dr. Steve, would you help me?" Steve grabbed
  her by the shoulders and pressed downward, her body began to bend sharply at
  the waist, lower and lower until her head was almost at the floor. A leather
  strap quickly secured around the middle of her back kept her firmly in the
  bent over position.  
 "You will notice the way her buttocks are in an upraised position, her knees
  nicely spaced apart to allow the cheeks to separate." He pushed the remote,
  the knee platforms moved outward, a groan from Joanna, her cheeks spread even
  wider. "Her vulva is also prominently displayed from the rear, an enticing
  sight," his fingers ran over her labia, felt her wetness. "Joanna is again
  lubricating profusely. She seems to get sexually aroused when placed into spread
  and exposed positions, just like our other subjects." He lightly tapped her
  ass, the sound of his hand slapping her flesh made his cock jump.  
 Her knees spread wide again; Joanna imagined how she must look. The doggy
  style position, her butt so prominently displayed, her sex so grossly exposed
  from behind, left her humiliated, but also excited. The slaps to her ass surprised
  her. Not so much from the pain, but the pleasure, his hand ignited a tingle
  between her legs. Dr. Michael returned to her sex again, felt the renewed wetness.
  Another sharp slap on her ass, she grits her teeth as she endured the pleasurable
  pain.  
 "Joanna seems to be enjoying the spanking to her butt. I will take this
  into account when we masturbate her again. Now for the snake." He picked up
  the snake. It was shaped like a human cock&mdash;specifically his&mdash;while
  not as big. The head was larger than the shaft, the rim around the head more
  pronounced, sticking out over a one-half inch wider then normal. When withdrawn,
  the head would drag out harshly through the colon. It was connected to the
  rest of the machine, able to extend to depths of up to 60 centimeters, or over
  two feel long. The snake was fairly rigid, introduced into the anus with the
  help of the doctor. After that it moved by itself, slowly crawled along the
  colon, the head of the snake gradually turned inside as it moved, further stimulating
  the inner walls.  
 She felt the lubricant applied liberally by Dr. Michael, his finger slipped
  in and out her anus at will, her sphincter unable to stop him, her tract fully
  lubricated. It felt good and uncomfortable, all at the same time, but as she
  thought of the snake, she began to tighten up, fearful of an instrument with
  the evil sounding name.  
 A quick slap to her cheek and then to the other side, the skin reddened, "loosen
  up your anus, Joanna, or else it will hurt," pleased at the way she responded
  to the spanking. She pushed out on her anus, just as she had been taught to
  do before. "Very good, Joanna. You will notice the way Joanna is responding,
  opening up her anus for the snake." He grabbed the snake, lubricated the head
  until it glistened, then pressed it against her anus. Pushed out by her muscles,
  the lubricated snake quickly gained entrance, slowly spread her as the head
  began to be engulfed in her anus.  
 "It's big!" she cried out as she felt the cold, hard object pressed against
  her anus. She pushed again, the snake sought further entrance, her anus spread
  wider, slowly swallowed the snake.  
 "Almost in, Joanna, open up again," all of the doctors watched as Joanna
  pushed out on her anus, facilitated the entrance of the snake inside her. She
  would not have been so willing if she knew it was shaped like a cock, my cock.   
 She screamed as Dr. Michael gave the snake one forceful shove that buried
  the head into her rectum, her anus split tightly under the rim, gripped it
  tightly, her sphincter began to spasm as it fought the cruel intrusion. "So
  big!" she cried out and tried to take her mind off the large snake inside her.  
 Dr. Michael's hands ran over her ass, his fingers played over her stretched
  anus, felt her body shudder as he so intimately fondled her. "See how tightly
  the snake is gripped by her body. Once I start the machine, it will seek greater
  depth under its own power." His hands moved under the snake to her vulva peeking
  out from below, glistening, her juices ran down the inside of her thighs. He
  lightly tapped her protruding labia, the snake jerked back and forth as she
  moved away. He gripped both of her lips and pulled them down, heard her groan
  as they stretched out. His fingers could not grab firmly, her juices made them
  too slippery. "A pair of hemostats, please, Dr. Steve."  
 "No!" she screamed as his fingers separated her labia, the pinch of the
  hemostats on the tender lips and then the sudden drop as the heavy instrument
  pulled toward the floor, her lip forced to stretch with it. The other fold
  was likewise prepared, both of her labia now protruded over three inches down
  her thighs. Dr. Michael slapped the hemostats with his hand, making her labia
  swing back and forth as they were stretched.  
 If that weren't bad enough, the sound of the machine again broke the silence;
  the snake inside her rectum seemed to come alive. First the head began to rotate,
  her anus pulled as the snake moved around in a circle inside her. Next, the
  uncomfortable feeling as it pressed forward inside her, the rounded head rotated,
  as it seemed to bore into the depths of her bowels. It passed painfully from
  her rectum into her lower intestine, the inanimate object not caring about
  her cries of pain as a sharp cramp gripped her stomach.  
 "Do you mind helping take Joanna's mind off of the snake, Dr. Steve?" Steve
  needed no further encouragement; his large hand slapped her ass cheek, the
  white skin turned instantly red. Dr. Michael's fingers moved between her pinched
  labia, up and down the silky, wet flesh, made her shudder when he moved up
  and touched her clitoris. His fingers moved against the dangling hemostats,
  to make sure her labia received constant jerks of pain as they pulled painfully
  down.  
 Another sharp pain as the snake was now deep inside her colon, as if it
  was trying to bore into her bowels and through her entire body. Her clenched
  bowels were no match for the relentless and unyielding snake; she was now spread
  wide by the thick head that turned constantly inside her, rubbed harshly over
  her sensitive bowel lining. It was only Dr. Michael's fingers masturbating
  her, along with the sharp bite of the hemostats on her labia, punctuated by
  the painful spanking by Dr. Steve that kept her going. The combination of pain,
  pleasure and feeling of fullness made her body so sexually aroused, not sure
  how much longer she could go without cumming. Just when she thought she would
  cum, the snake stretched her bowel in a direction it was not meant to be stretched,
  ignited a painful cramp inside her stomach that distracted her from her orgasm.
  It was only when it went away that she again felt the stir of an impending
  orgasm in her pussy.  
 She felt so full, the snake now stationary inside her bowels, the head still
  turning painfully inside her, reminding her of the power of the inanimate object
  as it swirled around. Then it began to withdraw, a process made all the more
  painful as the rim head dragged painfully out, created a vacuum inside her
  that felt as if her guts were being pulled out. It pulled halfway out before
  it moved back in again, as if she was being sodomized instead of being examined.
  The final time it withdrew, the Doctors were ready for her. As the snake withdrew,
  they increased her masturbation, Dr. Steve rained blows on her upturned ass
  cheeks, unprotected and vulnerable to the sexual spanking, Dr. Michael played
  her body like a fine tuned watch, his fingers clipped the dangling hemostats,
  ignited sharp painful nips on her labia as his other hand played over her clitoris.  
 "Dr. Bill, the snake please."  
 Joanna felt the head of the snake pulling from her anus, out of her stretched
  opening just as Dr. Michael gripped her clitoris with a hemostat, or at least
  that it what it felt like! The metal gripped the blood-engorged organ, his
  hand pulled it from her body, stretched it painfully. Other hands slapped at
  the hemostats on her labia, as Dr. Steve continued to spank her ass harshly.
  That was all she could take. She came all over them. Her body shook in ecstasy,
  the strange combination of pain and pleasure swept over her body, her asshole
  clung to the snake as the thick head pulled harshly outward, her pussy gushed
  juices all over the hemostats dragging her lips to the ground. Another shuddering
  orgasm as the hemostats were released, the sharp pain as the blood rushed back
  made her cum again. She slumped on the bench, exhausted as the snake burst
  out of her asshole with a sharp pop.  
 They released her from the bench; Joanna slowly dressed, not even caring
  as they watched her. "You are in excellent health, Joanna. A fine specimen
  of female flesh. In addition, you have proved invaluable in our Masturbatory
  Practices of The Female College Student research project. In fact, we would
  be willing to pay you $1,000 to take part in another research project if you
  are interested." Dr. Michael smiled, wished he had a chance to fuck her, his
  cock so hard, his balls ached, wanting release.  
 "What is the project?" her ears perked up at the sound of $1,000. She was
  always poor; $1,000 would be a windfall. It wasn't exactly that she hadn't
  enjoyed herself. While painful, they also did make her cum. Many times, often
  in situations where she would have thought that she would not be able to, especially
  when they induced pain in her body. But it seemed to drive her over the edge
  each time.  
 "We are doing a study called, "Pain Management: Can sexual arousal be used
  to offset the effects of pain." We are testing whether sexual arousal in a
  female can be used to help patients with painful disease. In the study, the
  subjects will be exposed to painful stimuli. They will then be sexually aroused
  through a combination of masturbation or other sexual activities to see if
  the pain can be diminished in the brain. This will not only be masturbation,
  but might also involve oral, vaginal and anal sex." Dr. Michael did not miss
  that her eyes lit up at the mention of $1,000. "We also have a bonus of an
  additional $1,000 for all subjects that complete a successful study.  
 Joanna got up, "I will think about it and give you a call if I am interested." As
  she headed out the door, the doctors noted that she walked hesitantly, her
  body surely weakened by the multiple orgasms she had endured.  
May Be Continued if Joanna Accepts.  
 E-mail the author if you think she should at controlher@hotmail.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





