BDSM Library - The Dinner




The Dinner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melanie decides to try the new French cafe, discovering that the restaurant caters to specialized desires.The Dinner   
By Michael Alexander   
Michaelalexande7575@yahoo.com  
 Melanie smacked her pink lips and checked her makeup in the rearview mirror
  quickly before getting out of her sedan. Her knee length black skirt swirled
  around her thighs with a soft whisper as she stepped out on to the heat baked
  sidewalk, and approached the little French caf&eacute;. A green enshrouded
  veranda was gated off to either side of the entrance but no afternoon diners
  sat in the heat. Melanie tossed her hair back over her shoulder. An afternoon
  of shopping and play, a visit to the salon and spa, and Melanie had decided
  to try the new caf&eacute; she had heard raved about. The food was magnificent,
  as was the Chef, a Frenchman, acknowledged to be a master at pleasing the palate.  
 It was hard to choose which entr&eacute;e to try, but Melanie decided afterward
  that dinner was excellent, sipping a fine light red wine. Melanie relaxed,
  enjoying her dinner and merlot, despite eating alone. Her thoughts surrounded
  work, her hobbies, and her cat, but they kept returning to the taste of the
  meal.  
 When she finished, the waiter brought her check, his smile betraying a nervous
  attitude that confused Melanie. She pulled her credit card from her purse,
  inserting it into the proper sleeve of the booklet, and watched as the waiter
  carried it away.  
 A few moments later, the waiter reappeared, a disturbed look upon his face. "I'm
  sorry Miss, but there seems to be a problem with your card. If you would please
  step this way, the manager would like to discuss your payment for the meal
  in private, away from the other guests."  
 Melanie gaped in astonishment. "I don't understand what's wrong with my
  card. I have plenty of credit. Heck, I've used that card several times today!"  
 "I understand, Miss, but please, you must come with me to speak to the Chef.
  He will make everything right." The waiter held out his hand, entreating her
  to follow him.  
 Melanie nodded quickly, snatching up her purse. The waiter had not returned
  her card and she intended at least to get it back and call the Credit company's
  customer service number listed on the back. She smiled. Certainly
  this was just a minor error.   
 The waiter weaved his way through tables and Melanie saw other patrons looking
  at her and despite their ignorance, her mind felt those eyes upon her. Her
  face flushed scarlet as she quickly followed the waiter, almost pushing him
  forward in front of her.  
 The huge swinging doors to the kitchen loomed ahead, two frosted circles
  of glass betraying the harsh illumination and contrasting to the cherry paneled
  doors. As Melanie got closer, delicious aromas filled the air, a cacophony
  of scent that would have set her taste buds tingling had it not been for the
  meal she had just finished.  
 The waiter pushed open the door, holding it as Melanie followed him into
  the intense activity of the kitchen. Melanie hesitated momentarily as the assorted
  cooks, helpers, dishwashers, and busboys all stopped for a second to stare
  at her. Once more her face flushed and she imagined that these men were looking
  at her in a hungry way.  
 She shook her head and turned to the waiter. "Please, let's just talk to
  the manager. I'll call my credit company and get this straightened out."  
 The waiter smiled softly and nodded. "This way please." Melanie followed
  the man across the kitchen past a huge wooden butcher block table. A collection
  of garden vegetables lay washed and peeled, ready to be cooked or used raw
  in some upcoming dish. Once more her nose was teased with scents, detecting
  a delicious bubbling concoction on a stove, flavored with herbs and olive oil.  
 But the distractions of the kitchen did not slow her as she and the waiter
  approached a regular door to one side of the kitchen. The waiter knocked twice
  and then once more and the door opened with a click. Melanie could see two
  men inside, one wearing a white jacket and hat, the other in a dark suit. The
  Chef sat on the corner of a large oak desk, his hands fiddling with a spool
  of poultry trussing string, his face a smile. His short raven hair was clean,
  sparkled with slight bits of gray, and his mustached curled upward as he smiled
  at Melanie. Melanie smiled back, nodding politely.  
 The other man was a hulk, his body huge and powerful. He stood slightly
  behind her next to the door. For a second Melanie's eyes widened and she wondered
  what this man would look like in nothing but a Speedo swimsuit. He was easily
  a candidate for Mr. Universe. She looked at both men, wondering who to address
  concerning her card. The waiter let the door close behind them, staying in
  the room just behind Melanie.  
 " Bonjour mademoiselle  , I am the Chef. I hope you
  enjoyed the meal?" The Chef's accent was pronounced and his pronunciation of
  the word "the" sounded more like "zee". Melanie smiled.  
 "Oh yes, sir. The meal was wonderful. I'm terribly sorry about the problem
  with my credit card. If I could just have the card back and the use of the
  phone, I think I can get the problem sorted out. It's probably just a technical
  glitch. You know how that is." She gushed.  
 The Chef smiled again. " Oui  , I know it, of course.
  Here is your card." He held out a small piece of colored plastic and Melanie
  stepped forward to take it. As she raised her arms upward the waiter and the
  body builder suddenly grabbed each limb, holding tightly to it.  
 "What the&hellip;" she started to say. The Chef leaned forward, pulling
  a large white napkin from his jacket and crammed it into Melanie's mouth. Her
  eyes went wide and she aimed a solid kick at the white clad Chef, but it landed
  in the bodybuilder's outstretched leg. She might of well as kicked the wall.  
 "Now, now, Cheri  , we will discuss your payment problems
  in just a moment. Donald?"  
The body builder moved behind Melanie, grasping both arms and locking Melanie
  in a strong hold. He turned her around and pushed her arms behind her back.
  The Chef took the trussing string and quickly began to wrap the course twine
  around each of Melanie's wrists. Tears formed in Melanie's eyes as she wondered
  what this cruel Chef had in mind for her. She would pay! She knew she could!  
 After just a minute her wrists were bound tightly together, brown hemp forcing
  her clasped hands together at the base of her spine. The unnatural position
  forced her breasts forward. The waiter handed the Chef a huge carving knife,
  causing a momentary surge of panic in Melanie, only to watch the Chef cut the
  twine and give a small piece to the waiter. Melanie cringed as the waiter wrapped
  the loose strand around her head, holding the huge napkin in her mouth.  
 The waiter moved beside Melanie as did the body builder, each wrapping a
  single leg around her own supporting limbs. The body builder kept hold of her
  tied wrists as the Chef approached, still holding the knife.  
 "Do not worry, Cheri  . This knife is only to prepare
  you." He reached out with the gleaming blade and began to slice the cloth of
  Melanie's blouse. The Chef was quick and controlled as he skinned Melanie of
  her white cotton blouse, followed by her skirt, shreds of material falling
  to the parquet floor.  
 Melanie's tears flooded down her cheeks as the men gazed in appreciation
  of her lace covered breasts. She watched in disgust as the Chef studied her
  physique as if studying a quail for delicacy and plumpness.  
 " Mon ami  , you have chosen well." The Chef said to
  the waiter with a grinning smile. "See how her curves are so perfect? Oui  ,
  it is well chosen." The Chef slipped the cold steel of the carving knife through
  the front of the bra, slicing through the lace binding like butter.  
 Melanie groaned, feeling the tension of the bra dissipate and the Chef's
  hands came up, pulling the cups of her bra apart. Her breasts barely needed
  the support, despite their size, and she flushed red in embarrassment as her
  nipple hardened. She felt a flash of wetness between her legs.  
 The Chef continued with his knife and soon she felt the last straps of her
  bra fall shredded to the floor. It was then that the mad Chef slid the knife
  through the sides of her panties.  
 "Do not move , moi cheri  , for I do not want to slip
  and cut you." Said the Chef carefully. Melanie froze, letting the Chef cut
  away the silk panties without incident. The man stepped back, admiring her
  exposed body.  
 " Moi cheri  , you are magnificent!" The Chef turned
  toward the waiter and the body builder. "She is prepared, monsieur. You may
  take her to kitchen." Melanie's eyes widened in horror. Thoughts of being ravished
  here in the office had been coursing through her mind, but to be taken and
  humiliated in front of the entire staff? She shook her head, screaming her
  resistance through the napkin that muffled her.  
 The waiter pushed open the office door as the body builder dragged Melanie
  forward. Her eyes darted around as the kitchen staff watched her. Their looks
  were hungry, almost animal like and fresh waves of tears poured downward, soaking
  the string against her cheeks. The body builder pulled her forward to the butcher
  block table she had passed earlier, pushing her to the narrow end and forcing
  her downward until her breasts pressed against the wood, her bottom exposed.  
 She felt fingers on her ankles and her legs were pulled apart. More string
  was wrapped around her and she realized that the waiter and one of the other
  kitchen helpers had tied her delicate legs, spread and vulnerable, to the bottoms
  of the table supports.  
 "Can you lift yourself up off the table, cheri  ?" Asked
  the Chef. Melanie just lay there, not responding, tears dripping to the heavy
  wood.  
 The Chef laughed. "Of course you can moi cheri  . And
  you will when we need you too." He turned to the rest of the staff. "Get on
  with your duties. This is no more than a regular meal preparation for a guest!"  
  
 Melanie lay trussed on the table, her body trembling as she watched the
  dishwashers sumptuously glancing at her. Her body lay bent over the table,
  her feet, still clad in the toeless high heels she wore that day, wrapped to
  the legs of the table. She knew she could have lifted herself off the table,
  her breasts dangling, but she knew with her legs tied and her arms behind her
  back, she would have little chance to balance, and besides, the table offered
  some protection for her rounded bosom.  
 Suddenly she felt a rope stretched across her back and under her tied arms
  and she pushed upward. She rose almost six inches before the rope pulled taut,
  stopping her ascent. Her breasts dangled below, just an inch from the wooden
  table as she strained.  
 "Now, now, mademoiselle  , please do not strain. It
  will mark you!" said the Chef slightly. The man turned away and moved through
  the kitchen.  
 The Chef began speaking to his assistant, his voice soft and Melanie tried
  to focus on what the man was saying. "No, no. She is perfect. Look at the curves,
  and the way her body reacts. Trust, mon ami  . Of course!
  No. First we must chill our ingredients, no?" The Chef walked across her vision,
  motioning to a man on the other side of the kitchen. "Carlos! Yes, please get
  the tray from the freezer please!"  
 Melanie watched as a dark skinned man, obviously Carlos, stepped to a heavy
  metal door, opening it with a swoosh of cool air. A cloud of mist escaped and
  Melanie imagined she could feel a cool breeze across her back. She felt the
  goose bumps rising along her arms and sides. Carlos disappeared into the freezer,
  returning with what looked like a cookie tray, coated with frost. He hurriedly
  brought it closer and closer until Melanie was staring up into his eyes.  
 The Chef smiled, taking the tray from Carlos and turning toward her. Melanie
  began thrashing, pulling away from the Chef and his tray when she again felt
  the hands of the body builder on her. His calloused fingers gripped her shoulders,
  his hip pressing against her buttock, as he steadied her and pulled her upward.  
 He pulled until the rope was pressed into her back and she watched in horror
  as the chef lowered the tray. A thin sheet of white ice lay frozen across the
  metal pan, and he slipped it under her chest. She trembled as she felt the
  cold air rising from the ice and her nipples hardened almost painfully.  
 Suddenly the body builder let her go and she tumbled downward, mashing both
  creamy breasts into the smooth ice. Her cry was so shrill that it escaped even
  through the napkin and she yanked herself back upward, coming to halt mere
  inches from the fridged torture below. She strained against the rope holding
  her downward, trying desperately to move her body upward or sideways away from
  the pan, but it was useless. Her nipples could still feel the residual cold
  wafting upward, caressing her breasts, dangling only an inch above the ice
  sheet.  
 Suddenly, her mind was yanked downward to her sex as she felt a gentle touch.
  Her loins trembled as slow fingers slipped upward through her moist slit, caressing
  and spreading the petals of her flower. She groaned, her mind heaving with
  the multitude of sensations, her aching back, her frozen nipples, and now the
  hot pleasure flooding upward.  
 "Excellent. She is properly lubricated. Hand me the cucumber please." She
  heard the Chef say.  
 Suddenly the fingers were replaced with something huge and hard, moist yet
  cool. It pressed upward, filling her so completely that she thought she would
  burst. It twisted inside her and she moaned, pushing backward against the vegetable
  phallus that was slowly penetrating her. A twinge in her back sent a different,
  conflicting signal to her brain, and she gritted her teeth as her strength
  failed, dropping her already cooled breasts back down upon the ice tray.  
 As the searing cold bit into her, she felt the cucumber push deeper, sliding
  inward and out with a steady plunge. Her nipples felt as if they were on fire
  and her whole body quivered. Finally she rose upward again, her breasts white
  with cold and dripping the icy water she had melted back down to the ice tray.  
 Her eyes closed as the cucumber throbbed within her, pushing and pulling
  at the taut and stretched sides of her well. She felt her body tensing with
  an indescribable need, an urge, and she pushed backward again, trying to force
  the cucumber deeper. She felt her body tiring again and lowering, until once
  more her nipples touched the film of glacial water that coated the dissolving
  ice.  
 She arched her back, yanking upward again, crying outward, almost unaware
  that the cucumber had been removed, and leaving a gaping void demanding to
  be filled. She dropped back downward into the ice, her body ravaged with exhaustion.
  Her feeble efforts to lift herself back up merely exposed half of each breast
  to the warming air before plunging them back down to be mashed into iceberg
  filled seas.  
 Melanie's mind began to overload, her breasts numbing to the pressures and
  frost chilling them. Her sex tingled once more as she felt a thin object inserted
  deeply, its cut edges soft yet strangely firm. Another and another was slipped
  inward, slowly filling her up and she realized that the cut carrots, squash,
  zucchini, and other vegetables were being slivered and dipped into her honey.  
 "Her breasts are done now, mon ami  . Please lift her
  up." The Chef said to the body builder. "Where is the marinade?" He called
  out.  
 Melanie barely registered the hands pulling her upward, her nipples sensitive
  to even the slightest waft of air. She cried out again, her sounds muffled
  by the napkin and she turned her head to see the Chef motioning to one of the
  cooks. Another pan, deeper this time, was laid upon a counter top and Melanie
  watched as one of the pots from the stove was tipped into the pan, pouring
  a thick oily sauce downward, flecked with the greens and reds of spices.  
 The Chef picked up the tray and brought it over to the butcher block table,
  smiling like an artist pleased with his project. Small streams of steam rose
  from the pan and he placed it on the table to her side. She watched as he dipped
  one long elegant finger into the sauce, swirling it around. He bent down to
  whisper in her ear.  
 "This is one of my special marinades, moi cheri  .
  I hope you will enjoy it. Its base is the finest cold pressed olive oil, trod
  out by virgins in the moonlight." His eyes flickered with laughter. "I jest
  of course. I'm sure some machine in Italy presses it, and at all hours of the
  day. But, we must indulge our little fantasies, oui  ?
  Do not worry, mademoiselle  , for the marinade is not
  too hot, merely the temperature you would find in your own bath."  
 The Chef slid the pan under her, replacing the icy tray. Melanie's eyes
  widened with alarm as the first waves of heat bathed her still dripping breasts.
  The was a sharp tingling as the frozen creamy globes were subjected to the
  heat; what felt like lukewarm bathwater to the Chef, felt to her as if she
  had been suspended above boiling lava.  
 The body builder pushed downward and Melanie once more screamed. Her breasts
  sank into the dark steamy oil, pressing downward deeper and deeper. Unlike
  the ice water, which had never covered more than her areola, the marinade rose
  upward, covering her entire bosom to touch the cleavage between. She tried
  to rise up, but the body builder held her down.  
 Melanie's tears flooded down her nose as her breasts throbbed and tingled
  with heat and pain. Her nipples contracted hotly as her breasts cooked in the
  warm oil. Her breath came in ragged gasps and she shook on the verge of sensorial
  terror. Her body was no longer rationalizing or communicating with her reason,
  every touch, every nerve, firing off on its own instinctive path. Her sex gushed
  with a sudden wetness and she longed for the stuffed vegetables to move or
  plunge deeper. She began to pump her loins as her breasts adjusted to the warmth
  surrounding them.  
 "It is time to cook her bottom, my friends. We will all take turns. Pierre!
  Please bring the oven paddle." Melanie's eyes opened once more to watch as
  one of the cooks took a large wooden paddle from the wall next to the wood
  fired oven. Its blade was huge, easily large enough for loafs or even pizza,
  with a long handle that stretched out for feet. Pierre brought it to the Chef
  smiling and grinned as the Chef stepped back away from Melanie, motioning for
  Pierre to begin.  
 If the body builder had not been holding her down, Melanie would have shot
  upward, knocking the marinade tray off the table with her force. The paddle
  had been swung, hard, striking her bottom just above her vegetable stuffed
  flower. A second blow stung her more evenly and she quivered and jerked under
  the unyielding hands holding her.  
 Pierre walked away with a smile and the Chef motioned another forward. Two
  more blows followed causing ripples to shudder their way from her beaten bottom
  forward to her breasts. Another cook's helper stepped forward for his turn.  
 Melanie quickly lost count, her bottom quickly outstripping the heat of
  her breasts. The time between each kitchen helper, invariably spread the deep
  heat downward into her loins and she could feel the vegetables slipping upward
  or downward. Twice, the Chef stopped the paddling long enough to reinsert a
  fallen carrot or slice of zucchini, only to let them resume once she was restuffed.
  Melanie groaned with desire.  
 "Hmmm&hellip;" the Chef hummed, running his fingers over her red and swollen
  bottom. "She feels done; however it is necessary to check her temperature." He
  turned and waved at one of the cooks. "Michael, please. The meat thermometer."  
 Melanie felt the cheeks of her buttocks being spread and then a cool metal
  probe being slowly pressed into her anus. She clenched, her bottom still on
  fire, as it slowly twisted inward, deeper and deeper. It stopped, sitting inside
  her for a moment before the Chef clucked his tongue.  
 "Not quite. Three more should do it." He announced. Melanie gasped as the
  probe was yanked outward, leaving her bottom empty.  
 The Chef picked up the paddle and brought it across quickly and strongly
  across Melanie's bare bottom. The edge of the paddle caught the vegetables,
  mashing them upward into her body. She continued her jerky dance as the Chef
  finished the last two blows. Her tears streamed downward and then she felt
  a cool touch being run along her inflamed skin. She realized the Chef was basting
  her bottom.  
 "Merely butter, moi Cheri  . Merely butter." Said the
  Chef.  
 Melanie quivered as the body builder let go. She didn't raise herself out
  of the marinade however, her body exhausted and too accustomed to the warmth.
  They let her lay there, stuffed with vegetables, her breasts soaking in spice
  scented oil, her bottom still suffering the roasting she had endured.  
 Minutes passed and she opened her eyes, raising her self up to look around.
  The kitchen help were all busy, each carefully preparing some special dish,
  glancing at orders, cleaning various pots and pans, each glancing at her cooked
  body with relish. Suddenly the face of the Chef was at her cheek, smiling.  
 "Ah!!! Mademoiselle  is ready for the final preparation
  before being served! She has been chilled, stuffed, marinated, and cooked.
  Only the skewering remains."  
 Melanie stiffened. The Chef turned and pointed at another helper who opened
  one of the counter doors and pulled yet another tray from the depths. Melanie
  strained upward to see what was in it, what would her poor breasts endure now?  
 Her eyes widened with fear as the Chef dipped the tray to her eye. Hundreds
  of tiny tacks lay strewn across the metal pan, each pin short and stubby. She
  jerked up and away from the tray and the Chef set it down as the body builder
  once more took hold of her shoulders.  
 "Now, now, moi Cheri  , you need not fear. These pins
  are so short that they will not pierce your delicate skin. They will merely
  tenderize it. The pinching will be delicious. No marks will remain. That I
  can promise you, cheri  ." The Chef said.  
 The body builder lifted her upward as the Chef slid the tray beneath her,
  pushing the marinade to the side. She was prepared this time when the body
  builder let her go, her body only falling so far as to feel the first tiny
  prick on her sensitized and erect nub. Oil dripped downward from her breasts,
  pooling into a scented morass of glittering spikes amongst the spices. No one
  touched her as they awaited her strength to fail once more.  
 It was not long in coming. She slowly, gently lowered herself downward,
  voluntarily resting her bosom on the brite tiny spears, her breasts shaking
  with aching need. Her sex clenched, squeezing the vegetables, as she felt the
  hundreds of pin pricks digging ever so slightly into her.  
 Once more she lifted up, taking her pressing weight off the oily pins, but
  some were embedded too deep to drop free of their own volition, bringing their
  own biting pinch upward as she rose. Over and over she dropped and rose, sending
  each wave of needles into her abused nipples. Her loins pumped and quivered
  until she laid still, her breasts mashed downward into the tray, embedded with
  tiny glittering stars.  
 Melanie felt the rope across her back being removed and her body being lifted.
  Her eyes rolled as the Chef took a brush and knocked loose the fifty or so
  pins that had remained in her skin as she was pulled upward. Melanie flinched
  as each was knocked loose. Her eyes glanced down to see her breasts and she
  wearily noticed that despite the irritating pinches, not a single penetration
  had caused her to bleed. Her breasts were dark with marinade still and she
  felt pressure at her ankles.  
 The body builder tipped her backward and she barely resisted as she was
  laid upon a silver platter across a cart. Her arms felt like lead as her wrists
  were freed and she was draped face up.  
Her mind screamed at her to rise up, to flee, but her body couldn't respond.
  She could still feel the vegetables stuffed within her.  
 The waiter and the body builder began to tie her once again, this time with
  her arms up over her head, a welcome stretch for her sore muscles. Her legs
  were pushed upward, her knees parted and tied to the sides of the platter,
  the soles of her high heels placed together and then bound.  
 The Chef held up two plastic strips, each two inches wide and seven long,
  curving the ends of each together to form two loops. Each he placed over one
  of Melanie's breasts, cupping and pulling the tender flesh upward into the
  loop. A soup tureen was brought forward and a ladle full of steaming sauce
  was poured over each breast, filling the loop like an above ground pool, Melanie's
  nipple standing like a desert island in the middle of the ocean.  
 Melanie could feel other dishes being placed around her and between her
  legs. Some hot and some cold, but nothing more was done to her body. Her breasts,
  already heated from the marinade felt hot, but not scalding.  
 " Magnifique!  " shouted the Chef. "Drape her and take
  the meal to the special dining room. Our guests arrived about twenty minutes
  ago." He bent down to Melanie's face. "A proper meal is served together, the
  ingredients prepared at the proper moment. It is all about timing, moi
  cheri."   The Chef waved at the waiter to remove the cart.  
 A white cloth was draped over Melanie and she felt the cart moving. The
  doors of the dining room swung open and she could hear the muted rush of speaking
  voice, the clinking noise of forks upon china, the clink of glasses and ice.
  Her mind rushed, trying to decide if she should try to attract the attention
  of the diners when another door opened and the roar died out to be replaced
  by the voices of a few men.  
 The cloth was whisked away and Melanie looked up at the waiter. He and the
  body builder lifted the platter onto the table and Melanie saw the diners of
  the private party gazing at her in undisguised longing. Candles were lit, soft
  music playing.  
 "Now this is what I call a meal!" said one voice. "Tell the Chef he is a
  master."  
 The waiter bowed. "Of course, sir. I will pass on your appreciation. The
  Chef is an artist. Enjoy your meal, gentlemen.  
 An hour later the waiter helped Melanie off the platter, her arms and legs
  sore, her pink flower empty of the sliced vegetables, and her nipples tender
  from the countless dipping of forks into the sauce. The waiter led her to a
  large floor basin, pushing her gently into a warm drizzle of clean water, washing
  away the marinade, the sauces, and juices that had come so greatly during the
  dinner.  
 Melanie obeyed like a little girl, following blindly, letting the waiter
  care for her, even to letting him rub special lotion into her skin. She followed
  him, draped and covered with a terry cloth towel into the office where he gave
  her a garnished cardboard box. She opened it to find a new dress, elegant,
  sexual, and incredibly expensive, with matching shoes, stockings, and even
  a pair of silk panties, low cut. The waiter helped her into the dress, zipping
  the back upward, even helping her with the dangling glittering earrings. It
  all fit perfectly, her body filling in the appropriate places fully and exquisitely.  
 Lastly he handed her a new purse, filled with her own belongings. It's tooled
  leather matching the rhinestones on her dress. Lastly the waiter handed her
  a small plastic card and her check.  
 "Compliments of the management miss. The Chef has expressed his desire for
  you to consider the bill paid. Thank you for coming to our establishment, and
  we hope you will give us a good recommendation, or if I'm not being presumptuous
  of my own desire, for you to return for another engagement." He smiled. "Now,
  let me show you the way out."  
 Melanie followed the waiter out of the office, past the butcher block table.
  It had been cleaned of the bits of twine and marinade that had splattered its
  surface and a new collection of vegetables were prepared, lying on a corner.  
 The waiter pushed open the doors of the kitchen and Melanie stepped out
  into the dining room. The crowded murmur dropped as the diners gaped in astonishment
  at the sparkling beauty that emerged from the kitchen. Her dress glittered,
  sparkling in the light, and countless men in the dining room wished they knew
  the luminous girl.  
 Melanie ignored them. Her body still on autopilot, she followed the waiter
  through the restaurant, disregarding the hungry stares of the men, and even
  some of the women. As she approached the door, she noticed the Chef hurrying
  up, a smile etched upon his face.  
 " Mademoiselle  ? I am glad that everything worked
  out so well. We enjoyed having you for dinner. In fact, we hope you can come
  again sometime." He paused suddenly and leaned forward, a mischievous grin
  upon his face. "However, I wanted to ask you if you were interested&hellip;in
  dessert?"  
 Melanie paused, her face inscrutable, the Frenchman's grin beaming at her.
  She felt another strange sensation, this time deep with in her. She smiled,
  her eyes glittering in anticipation.  
 "I'd love to stay for dessert, monsieur  ."  
The End  
As with all of my work, I hope you have enjoyed this short story. I greedily
  accept critical advise, acclamations, and appreciation. This work is copyrighted
  and may not be reproduced without the explicit consent of the author.  
 Yours Faithfully,  
 Michael Alexander  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





