BDSM Library - Natasha




Natasha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A 13-year-old girl begins her journey of domination as a Queen Scat provider.
Natasha    part one


By Will Adams



Thirteen-year-old Natasha Natoli was a very nasty young lady.

However, calling her a lady was a step or two above what she was.  In
actuality, she was a bitch.

Moreover, this was before she had ever had sex with anyone other than
herself, When Natasha was twelve, she had found the joys of Internet sex.
At first, it was just the regular hard-core sites, but as time passed she
focused on the lesbian sites.  She was learning that she was a dominant
lesbian and that she would become one of the foulest ever.  In particular,
she liked the website lesbianfetishes.com.

A little about Natasha, she was a raven-haired sexpot with a stunning body
for a 13-year-old.  A 36C chest, sculpted abdomen, long, tan and sexy legs,
she looked much older than her 13 years.  And her sexual attitude was much
older as well.

She eventually was very focused on the tales and photos of domination of
older women by teens and young women.  She really got off in masturbating
herself thinking about a middle-aged woman worshipping her beautiful body
and snatch.  Moreover, she started to focus on the really nasty stories by
Karen in which women used other women as toilets for their piss and shit.
The thought of shitting in another, older woman's mouth while the older
woman orgasmed from the experience would throw her into an orgasm at every
turn.  She decided she couldn't wait for something to happen and so she was
going to make it happen.

She dutifully researched the nastiest potential lesbian bars in her
hometown of San Francisco and settled on one called The Litter Box.  An
appropriate name, she thought, for what I intend to do there with some of
these older cunts.  She had already developed a philosophy about the sluts
she was about to enslave to her particular brand of perversity.

'I'm going to treat them as worthless pieces of shit, worthless whores who
only exist to serve me in any sexual deviation I can think of.  I couldn't
give a shit about their wishes, desires, hopes or dreams.  They'll fall in
love with me and I won't care at all.  I don't care what happens to them as
long as they worship my glorious body and everything that comes out of it.'

Natasha settled on a Friday night, she was secretly hoping to spend the
entire weekend abusing some poor older slob of a slut.  She made up a story
about spending the night with a friend and kissed her mother goodbye.
Natasha had a passing thought as her Mom kissed her that she might one day
turn her mother into one of her sluts.  Her Mom, at 38, was still a
good-looking babe and would make a fine addition to a stable of slut
whores.

Natasha went to the garage and changed into her 'working' outfit.  She wore
a micro, vinyl skirt that barely covered her black-haired bush, net
stockings held up with garters.  She threw on a raincoat over the top and
headed for the bus stop.  She had lined it up to take the 35 bus that
stopped a block from the lesbo bar.  She had read, she thought as she rode
the bus, that the nastiest, most perverted lesbos in the Bay Area
frequented the bar, looking for a femme-domme scene to spice up their
lives.

By the time the bus stopped, she realized her panties were soaked from her
juicing in her overheated twat.  She got off the bus and walked toward the
bar, full of confidence even though it wasn't even legal for her to
enter. She stepped into a small alleyway and ripped off the raincoat made
of light plastic and stowed it in her purse.  She also removed her panties,
thinking, 'I won't be needing these in there and they are soaked.'

Natasha boldly moved through the front door, half-expecting to be carded
and thrown out, but her makeup, body and outfit pretty much fooled
everyone.  The diesel dyke bartender/part owner had one passing thought of
carding the young beauty, but then thought 'What the hell, she's the kind
of pussy that draws these older whores in here.  I'll just let it go and
face any consequences.'

Getting by the first test, Natasha walked to the bar, hiked her boot up on
the rung of a bar stool and ordered a gin and tonic.  The bull dyke
bartender put the drink down and said 'Welcome sweetie, you're new here
aren't you?'.  Natasha didn't blink as she said 'Yes, it's my first time
here, but I hope to become a regular.  I understand some of the most
worthless piece of shit whores come in here for action.  If you know any
that want the total perversity experience, send them my way, I can dish it
out.'  The bull dyke, whose name was Nell, was hit pretty hard by the
ferocity of the young tart's language, but she had heard worse, not very
often though.

'Well,' Nell said, 'there are some gals who come in here looking for that
type of treatment.  In fact, Alice Burns over there is one of them.'
Natasha followed Nell's gaze to find it led to a dirty-blonde-haired women
in her mid forties and who still held up pretty well.  Nell caught Alice's
eye and crooked a finger toward her.  Alice came over in a bit of a hurry.

Up close, Natasha could see that Alice had been around the block, but her
makeup still allowed her pretty face to show through.  Alice looked like
she was carrying an extra 15-20 pounds, but other than that was a fairly
decent looker.

As Alice arrived, Nell said, 'Hey Alice sweetie, meet Natasha.  I think
she's got the stuff you want.'  Alice coolly appraised the gorgeous young
hottie and said, 'Pleased to meet you Natasha.'  While those niceties were
going on, Natasha was lighting up a menthol long cigarette and she inhaled
and then blew the smoke directly into Alice's face.

Alice said, 'Thank you mistress.'

SCORE! thought Natasha, I've captured my first slut whore and it was soooo
easy.

Alice continued, 'I'm honored to receive anything from you mistress.'

Natasha continued without missing a beat.  'If you'd like some now, let's
go into the bathroom, it's an appropriate spot for what I have in mind for
you.'  Alice said, 'As you wish mistress.'

Once inside the old, smelly bathroom, the dominant bitch in Natasha took
over.  'Strip you worthless cunt and begin your lessons as my whore,'
Natasha said.  Alice quickly complied and soon was stark naked in front of
her teenage mistress.  Natasha continued, 'On your knees twat, the games
begin.'  Alice slid to her knees in front of her young and brand new owner.

'Get prepared,' Natasha said, 'to receive the second of your gifts from my
body.'  Alice stared up at the young beauty as Natasha snuffled in through
her nose; drawing loogies into her throat, then mixed it easily with her
saliva, and then hocked a huge, booger filled spit wad into the older
slut's face.  The filth hit Alice low on the forehead and slowly slid down
between her eyes and over her nose, breaking neatly in half to slide onto
both of Alice's cheeks.

Again, Alice responded, 'Thank you mistress.'

'Now you worthless cowcunt,' Natasha said, 'Tell me just how worthless you
are and why I should spend one minute with you.'

Alice shuddered as she watched Natasha begin to remove her tank top and
short skirt and leave only her stockings, garter and boots on.  Alice was
in heaven, loving looking at the nubile young body of her new mistress and
realizing she was in for an evening of the type of degradation she loved.
Alice was married, but had long ago lost any interest in cock.  Five years
earlier, the 47-year-old woman had finally acted on her impulses to be
sexually degraded by younger women and started hanging around the pussy
loving Litter Box and having sex with younger women.  She didn't know how
young Natasha was, but she expected she wasn't yet the required 21 years
for admittance into the lesbian bar.  But, damn she looked fine, Alice
thought.  Alice, totally turned on and on her knees, worshipfully looking
up at the near naked body of her new owner, was shuddering in anticipation
of the humiliation to be dished out by this delightful younger woman.  She
had to calm herself or she might orgasm just thinking about it. She
couldn't help but wonder just what sort of paces the dominant younger woman
was going to put her through.  She knew, however, that she was in a really
nasty mood and hoped for the full submissive's treatment. And then she
began to describe herself.

'Dear Mistress Natasha, I am a worthless turd, living only to please you.
I know that in all likelihood, you could care less about me or what I want
and that's what I love, to be treated with total disdain and to be
humiliated and dominated.  I am not even worth having you treat me this way
and I can only hope it gives you some slight pleasure to abuse me so that I
can continue to receive your bodily fluids and gifts.'

Natasha thought Alice must have done that before because the words were
music to the ears of the young dominatrix.  It was at that moment that
Natasha realized that she WAS going to take a shit in this older whore's
mouth, using it as a human toilet.  That realization, while almost sending
her into an uncontrollable climax, was a wonder to her.  Here I am, she
thought, and I get to do exactly what I came in here for.  Beautiful.

My God, thought Natasha, here I am a 13-year-old girl preparing to use
another, older woman, as a shithole.  Should I tell her I'm going to shit
in her mouth?  No thought Natasha, she probably knows it, but I'll keep her
guessing, it will keep her even more turned on.  But, Natasha mused; I
think I will foreshadow what's going to happen to her.

'Very good shithole,' Natasha said aloud.  With those words, Alice knew her
fate was sealed, knew she would be munching on a turd or turds from this
haughty young girl.  And just the thought of that delightful shit meal was
enough to send her into orgasm.  Natasha watched in glee as Alice shuddered
through her orgasm.

'So, shithole, just thinking about your fate is enough to make you orgasm,
well, then let's get on with some of the fun,' Natasha said.

Alice had only munched turds five times in her lesbo life, the latest
coming more than a year ago.  She loved it though, but it wasn't something
you asked everyone to do.  Many were turned off by the experience of using
a woman as a craphole.

Natasha looked at the slut in front of her with newfound interest,
realizing the whore was a scat fan.  Natasha looked at Alice, who had her
booger filled loogie resting on her cheeks, and thought, 'What a slut, and
she's mine for the evening.'

'Now,' Natasha said, 'get over here and lay down on your back, I'm going to
have you eat my twat and asshole.'

Alice did as commanded and she looked up from her spit-covered face at the
beautiful body above her, and asked:

'Please Mistress Natasha, use me as you will, I have only one question, How
old are you really?'.

Natasha thought about lying, but knew there was no need to worry that Alice
would run away: Alice was hooked and Natasha knew it.

'I just turned 13,' Natasha cooed, 'how do you like it?'.

Alice spasmed through her second orgasm of the evening, both without ever
being touched.  She was indeed enjoying her time with the teen dominatrix.

'As always Mistress, I'm honored to be in your presence,' Alice said as she
gazed longingly up the long, sexy legs of the teen hottie standing above
her.

'Here comes the stuff you worship,' Natasha said as she lowered her
genitalia towards Alice's face.  'Open your mouth wide to receive your next
treat.'

Natasha lowered her pussy to Alice's face and settled her urethra opening
over the submissive older woman's wide-open mouth.

As Natasha settled, she realized she was fulfilling one of her dreams,
using an older bitch as a urinal.  And, she found it interesting that she
really didn't give a shit about Alice, only about her own pleasure.  She
didn't really care if Alice drowned in her piss.

Natasha found it easy to open the floodgates and began pissing down whore
Alice's throat.  Natasha knew that it was being swallowed as none bubbled
out as she flooded the other woman's mouth.  Natasha found it fulfilling
that her urine was now firmly ensconced in Alice's stomach.  'How great,'
thought Natasha, 'that her stomach is my toilet.'

Alice, for her part, was trembling through her third orgasm in the stinky
bathroom, serving faithfully as a toilet and thinking ahead to the chunkier
meal she would soon be served by the young tart now urinating down her
throat.

Natasha lifted a little after urinating and said, 'Ok, shithole, get ready
to lick my asshole.'

Alice watched as Natasha shifted and brought her bunghole forward for some
service.  She loved it as the young girl's sphincter settled on her mouth
and she began French kissing the wrinkled hole.  And for Natasha, it was
heaven.  As a first test, she decided to tease Alice a little and as her
tummy rumbled, she prepared to unload a huge fart down the older woman's
esophagus.

Her sphincter began to unfold and Alice knew something was coming but was a
little surprised when the bean burrito inspired gas ball from Natasha's
asshole hurtled into her mouth and filled her lungs with the gaseous fumes.

'Fabulous,' said an exhilarated Natasha, 'I didn't know if I could actually
accomplish that, but it's great to use this slut as a gas bag.'

'Now' Natasha said, 'are you ready for your shit meal?  If so, beg for it.'

Then Natasha lifted her bunghole off Alice's mouth to give her space to beg
and plead Alice did.

'Oh please dear Mistress Natasha,' Alice said through a passion-dried
voice, 'please deliver your shit into my foul, sewer mouth.  Give your crap
to me and treat me like the debased whore I am.  My only purpose in life
now is to serve as a human toilet for your delightful and tasty shit.
Please, please, please take a full dump in my mouth and I'll flush it down
to my stomach.'

And so the big moment finally arrived.  Natasha was more than ready and
began to push hard to empty her colon into the waiting shit bag's mouth.

Alice saw it coming; the end of a brown, stinking turd poked out of
Natasha's rectum and began to descend towards her mouth.  It touched her
lips and Alice opened wide to receive the ropy column of shit.  Natasha had
certainly prepared this shit meal well and she ended up depositing about
six inches of shit meat down Alice's throat and laid another 8 inches of
turd that slowly exited her crap tunnel and wound around Alice's face.

Natasha stood up and looked down as the whore ate her foul meal.  Alice's
eyes were glazed over and she was in another orgasm.  Once she had consumed
the crap meal, she thanked Natasha and told her, 'Anytime you want to
repeat that, I'll be there.'

Natasha had also finally orgasmed from the excitement, dressed and left the
bar, excited tremendously at what had happened and looking forward to other
repeat performances with other slutty older women.



Natasha teaches a piss slut to dance  
Will Adams  
Natasha Natoli was very pleased with her previous 's fun at The Litter Box
  (see Natasha part 1). In only a few hours, had moved quickly to reach her dream
  of using an older bitch as a .  
she lounged around her house in her bedroom the next day, she was sated,
  but already thinking about what to do next. She decided head out Saturday night
  to the same bar of her previous evening's . But that afternoon, she received
  a phone call from Alice Burns, had been used as a human toilet the previous
  evening by young . Before Natasha left the bar, she had given her phone number
  to , not really believing Alice would have the nerve to call . Natasha's mother,
  Beverly, picked up the call.  
'Hello,' said Alice Burns 'is Natasha there?'.  
'May I ask who is calling,' Beverly said.  
'This is Alice, I'm just a friend,' Alice said, but privately thinking to
  : This is her human toilet calling, I'm filled with her shit, it up and tasting
  it again this morning and can't stop thinking her beautiful body and when I
  might get together to worship any part her.  
thought the call was a little odd, but called out to Natasha, 'Honey, it's
  for you.' Just to be safe, though, she put her hand over the and listened.  
'Hello,' said Natasha.  
'Hello mistress,' Alice said, 'it's me.'  
'Well, you worthless cow, that was quick,' Natasha replied.  
'I was wondering if we might get together again,' Alice inquired.  
'Are you kidding?', Natasha shot back and hung up. She had learned the evening
  that she didn't really give a shit about Alice, nor would about any of the
  other women she would come to use. Alice had been her last night, but today
  she didn't even care as much about her as she the toilet in her own bathroom.  
, her mother, was horrified on the other end of the line. Beverly quite certain
  her daughter had sexual relations with the caller and the was obviously much
  older than Natasha was. Beverly felt she had to something, even though it would
  betray that she had been listening. walked into Natasha's room and said, 'Honey,
  we have to talk.'  
'Yes mom.'  
'It sounded like you had an interesting call, were you somehow involved that
  woman?', Beverly asked.  
coolly assessed her situation. She had found the sexual lifestyle wanted
  and she couldn't let it slip away. In addition, in any event, had already been
  thinking about turning her mother into one of her of cunts. She had to lash
  out and lash out strongly.  
'Listen Mother, I can handle my life myself and frankly it's none of your
  business.'  
acted as if she had been slapped, physically, not just verbally and reeled
  backwards.  
'Now just get out, leave me the fuck alone,' Natasha said. And Natasha, the
  advantage, didn't let it go at that, she stepped forward and her mother, causing
  Beverly to fall over backwards. Natasha didn't any concern, turned on her heel,
  and headed back into her room.  
was aghast and simply picked herself up and limped away, not sure all about
  what to do with her rebellious young daughter.  
, on the other hand, was delighted. She knew that she was one step to drawing
  her mother into her circle of sick perverts who would do to worship her gorgeous
  body. She laughed aloud with the notion that soon she'd have her mother as
  a slut whore.  
decided to head out early and so even though it was short of noon, decided
  to head for The Litter Box. She donned her same outfit of a , micro mini made
  out of vinyl, a tank top with no bra, nylons garter and covered it all with
  the plastic raincoat. She got on the bus and headed for the lesbian bar.  
there, she walked in with the plastic raincoat on this time and took a at
  one of the booths. She was waiting to catch another whore.  
ordered a couple of Coca Colas, sipped at them, and waited. She didn't to
  wait long and suddenly she heard a throat being cleared and looked to find
  a gorgeous older woman standing before her. The older woman was look alike
  for Pam Anderson, but about 40 years old.  
'Yes,' said Natasha.  
older broad was stupefied by the young girl's beauty and found she couldn't
  respond.  
decided to play with the buxom blonde standing before her. 'Cat your tongue
  slut?', she said.  
'Um, er, Alice told me you are quite the mistress and I was wondering if
  might consider using me in a similar way?', the blonde said to the young girl.  
'Well sure slut, why don't you sit down, but first take those big tits out
  your dress and flop them out.'  
older potential slave woman paused and then said, 'I, uh, I, can't do .'  
'Sure you can,' Natasha cooed, 'if you want to spend time with me, flopping
  big tits out will be the least shameful thing you will do. Now do it get the
  fuck out of my life.'  
blonde hesitated for only a moment and then pulled down the neck of her and
  flopped two perfect 44 Ds out into the open.  
'There now,' Natasha said, 'you can have a seat. And introduce yourself,
  , if you're going to be one of my sluts, I at least want to know your .'  
big-titted blonde slid into the booth next to Natasha and said, 'Thank very
  much mistress, my name is Candy Jeffe.'  
turned toward Candy and slapped her face sharply.  
, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, she continued the physical abuse until Candy's were both
  a bright red.  
'Listen slut,' Natasha said to Candy, 'don't ever hesitate again when I you
  an order. You are a worthless piece of crap whose only value in is to serve
  as my sex toy in whatever way I choose. Understand?&quot;  
, still reeling from the bitch slapping she had just received, dumbly her
  head indicating she understood. God, she thought, this little is really tough.
  Alice was right she's really a beauty and knows . I had better get my slut
  act together if I expect her to use me.  
'Yes mistress, yes mistress, I understand and I'll do whatever you say from
  on.'  
, thought Natasha, now let's start to put her through her paces. 'Nice ,
  now let's see the rest of you, get out of your clothes altogether and here
  next to me.'  
hesitated for only a second until she thought she saw Natasha's left move
  to bitch slap her again and then Candy was stripping off her while remaining
  seated in the booth. As she removed her clothing, thought to herself, My God,
  she's got an incredible body; someone be worshipping her, but what the fuck,
  if she wants to be my , great, nothing like crapping in a pretty lady's mouth.
  Using as a sewer was great, but Natasha knew she would be using prettier and,
  sure enough, she was about to use the much prettier Candy Jeffe. , Candy was
  sitting naked next to Natasha.  
'Ok, whore, now I want to get on with our fun for the afternoon. First, I
  you to shove one of these Coke bottles up your twat and then stick the one
  fully into your asshole and then sit down.'  
, Candy hesitated for only an instant and then grabbed one of the and inserted
  it into her twat and quickly shoved the other into her entry. And, again following
  Natasha's direction, sat down and waited what was next.  
'Very good whore, now for your next trick, please get under the table and
  prepared to receive your first golden shower from the beautiful .'  
hustled quickly under the table and saw that Natasha had rucked up skirt,
  scooted her ass down the seat and that the young girl had no on. A quickly
  heating up Candy was mesmerized as she locked her onto the pubes in front of
  her. Candy heard Natasha's voice again, 'Ready slut, beg me for it.'  
'Oh please mistress, piss on me, soak me in your urine. Give me the golden
  I want so badly and let me wallow in the piss of a goddess,' Candy in a parched,
  sex-starved voice.  
stared straight ahead and watched as Natasha reached down and spread labia
  to fully expose her urethra hole. Candy realized she was holding breath, waiting
  for the young sex goddess to begin urinating on her. then it came flooding
  out and caught Candy right between the eyes. gasped as Natasha hosed her down
  with a powerful spray of young girl . Candy had been on the receiving end of
  numerous piss dousings, but couldn't recall one in which the piss flow was
  so powerful. And it on and on. Candy closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide
  to attempt drink some of the precious flow, but Natasha wanted to really soak
  her moved the flow all of the older slut's body. Finally, the piss flow and
  then stopped. Candy was indeed soaked and she heard Natasha , 'Ok pissslut,
  time for you to show the bar what a whore you are. Get and get up on the stage
  and dance and show the whole place your body in my piss.'  
didn't want to risk the wrath of Natasha so she scooted out from the table
  and moved to the stage where she began shaking her booty dancing away in a
  frenzy of piss lust. All the patrons stopped to look at her and they realized
  she was covered in piss and was dancing to the of her mistress and now owner,
  the darling Natasha.  
continued dancing for an hour until the piss had pretty well dried up was
  replaced with a fine sheen of sweat. She plopped down in the seat to Natasha
  to see what other perversity Natasha had in mind for her. seated, Natasha told
  her she had done a good job and would be rewarded she wanted it with a full
  meal of Natasha's pure brown crap. But only, said, if Candy could properly
  beg for it. Candy didn't want to a chance to miss eating bowel fruit from the
  young dominatrix and so broke into a plea:  
'Please dear Mistress Natasha, I have taken bottles up the twat and ass,
  and gratefully accepted your urine and danced for you. Now may I taste and
  eat the fruit of your colon, the shit from your beautiful , may I be a sewer
  to accept your bodily wastes. You will give me a to a worthless life if only
  I can receive your shit. May I be so as to receive turds from your lovely rear
  end?'  
told Candy she was going to grant her wish and so they should to the bathroom.
  Natasha was beginning to feel like the queen of lesbo toilet room and once
  there she quickly stripped off her skimpy , standing nude and glorious in front
  of the likewise nude Candy.  
'On your knees slut and first eat my twat, get your face down here and it
  and then perform loving cunnilingus on me. Make love to my snatch.'  
, surprised but not completely to hear Natasha's age, was only too to obey
  and nuzzled her face into the young girl's crotch. She placed hands on Natasha's
  lovely young thighs and ran her tongue in between girl's lovely labia, sniffing
  deeply of the aroma of the overheated . Her mouth began watering and drool
  ran down her chin as she feasted the Y. Natasha grabbed Candy's long blond
  hair and ground her crotch the older whore's face as the cunt eating passion
  steamed up the . Natasha shuddered to a climax and told Candy to lie on her
  back prepare herself 'for the honor of serving as Natasha's toilet, prepare
  receive the baptism of shit from your owner.'  
scurried to get on her back and gazed lovingly and longingly up at now nude
  young girl with a goddess' body towering over her. She to gaze in love with
  the young girl and had to tell her.  
'Dear Mistress Natasha, I must tell you that I love you, I truly love you
  hope we can be together.'  
remained unmoved. 'You cunts are going to have the get this right. course
  you love me; I'm young, smart, and beautiful with an incredible . But I'll
  never love you. In fact, I don't care anything about you. 'm about to crap
  in your mouth, to use you as a toilet and let my stinking sit in your bloated
  stomach as you digest my shit, and I just don't care anything about you. In
  fact, if you choke on my shit and die, it will be fine with me. ?'.  
rocked through an orgasm, brought on by the incredible verbal bashing had
  just received from young Natasha. But the abuse didn't faze her she was still
  ready to receive a shit meal from the girl. Even though had just said to her,
  'Eat shit and die,' Candy didn't care because knew that once the fecal material
  started flowing into her mouth, she be able to scratch the itch that had been
  bothering her since Alice told her about how great Natasha's stool tasted.  
'Yes, I understand Mistress; I'm just your toilet, nothing more.'  
Candy watched as the beautiful ass and ever-expanding sphincter of Natasha
  was lowered to her face and mouth. Natasha told her to get nose up her rectum
  so she could smell one of her farts.  
'Here comes a gas bomb,' Natasha said. 'Smell it and love it.'  
she farted into Candy's nose and Candy inhaled the foul smell and it. She
  knew the chunky stool couldn't be far behind.  
'Okay shit babe here comes your meal of my excrement, I absolutely love a
  bowel movement in a pretty woman's mouth.'  
had her eyes wide open as the scat meal began to be born from 's bunghole.
  Natasha's hole expanded and a huge turd 2 and 1/2 in diameter started the exit
  process. The foul odor hit Candy's and sent her into another orgasm. Candy
  was an experienced shit and knew she had to keep her mouth open wide to accept
  this fecal . Candy loved the nasty smell and looked closely at the column of
  as it moved inexorably towards her mouth. The tip of the turd meal her tongue,
  which was extended, first and Candy used her tongue to the dung into her waiting
  and hungry mouth. Quickly, she was filled a huge shit pipe and it was clogging
  her mouth, and more was still . A full 14-inch turd had been expelled from
  Natasha and about six was ensconced in Candy's mouth and the remaining 8 inches
  stood up , extending out from her mouth. Candy stared up at the foul tower
  out of her mouth and admired the dark brown color of the human column, noting
  the firm nature of the defecation meal and each of clear ridges on the turd.
  She knew she'd be working at this meal for a , given its strong consistency.  
stood up to survey her handiwork. She loved seeing the whore's stretched
  around her turd and could clearly see that Candy was eating offered treat by
  the motion of her lips moving up the shit column and throat working below to
  send the foul fecal material to her stomach.  
'That's great,' said Natasha, looking at the inches of dung sticking up Candy's
  lips. 'It looks like a shit Eiffel Tower, or no, perhaps a totem pole. What
  a worthless cunt you are laying there loving my turd with your mouth. I just
  love using lesbian scat whores'  
watched as the rest of her guano was consumed by the slut on the floor. She
  knew she wanted to add to the defilement and walked to the bar, fully nude,
  and picked up a cherry, returned to the , placed it on top of the shit pile
  and watched Candy continue her experience. She thought there was one more touch
  that was needed. picked up a small stick from the floor and stuck one end of
  it in the of the turd pile and then took some of the stool and marked Candy's
  and both cheeks and tits.  
'There,' she said, 'now when you leave, keep that shit on your body as a
  that you belong to me, if I care to own you.'  
Candy finished the meal, she got on her knees again and said, 'Thank mistress
  for a wonderful meal, when can we get together again.'  
continued her torment, however, saying, 'I don't know if we ever . Although
  I do have an idea for a piss/shit gang event that I may you about. You can
  keep the soda bottles in your twat and ass as of the night Natasha used you
  as a toilet.' With that, she her clothes, and left the bar, also leaving Candy
  panting for more.  
Natasha bestows the gift of a gangshit on Candy  
by Will Adams  
Thirteen-year-old Natasha Natoli was in a fine mood.  
In less than 24 hours she had twice fulfilled her fantasy of using older
  lesbians as urinals and shitholes. And it had been smoother than she could
  imagine. And so fucking HOT!  
But now it was Sunday and she was wondering what would be next when she got
  another phone call. Her mother picked it up again and Natasha barked, 'Hang
  up the fucking phone mother.' Her mother quickly complied -- growing more and
  more accustomed to obeying her willful daughter -- and Natasha said 'Hello.'  
A throaty voice on the other end cooed back, 'Hello Natasha, I'm a sometimes
  visitor to The Litter Box and I understand you've been a naughty girl there.
  We need to talk about it.'  
For just a moment, Natasha began to panic, thinking it might be the authorities
  or someone trying to blackmail her, but there was something in the voice that
  told her the speaker was turned on with the thought of talking with her about
  the Litter Box adventures.  
Natasha, bold as ever, decided to take the tough approach.  
&quot;Well, what the fuck do we have to talk about,&quot; Natasha said.  
&quot;Oh, I like the attitude, it will work so well with what I want to talk
  about. Let me tell you a little about myself. I'm a film producer and I am
  proposing a movie about the things you did with Candy and Alice at The Litter
  Box,&quot; the caller said.  
&quot;Oh you mean like hanging out in a bar,&quot; Natasha said coyly.  
&quot;No, of course, not I mean like scat games.&quot;  
&quot;Tell me more.&quot;  
&quot;Well, I make some very special films for a very special audience and
  I'd like to make one that specializes in the type of abuse you are apparently
  expert in dishing out. Also, my viewers would really like a movie with a stunningly
  built, domineering girl who is as young -- I understand you have just turned
  13 years old -- as you are.&quot;  
&quot;Well,&quot; Natasha continued, getting more interested by the moment, &quot;we
  should meet.&quot;  
&quot;I can come by and pick you up and go out for a cup of coffee if you
  are available now,&quot; the caller said. Natasha said sure she was and gave
  the caller her address.  
&quot;Tell me your name,&quot; Natasha said.  
&quot;My name is Nova Ramla, I'll be there in 30 minutes.&quot;  
Natasha dressed sexily in a short skirt and tube top, both items slightly
  more modest than her &quot;working&quot; outfit for the bar, though.  
When the doorbell rang, her mother, Beverly ran to answer it and was shocked
  by the appearance of Nova Ramla. Nova was about 45 years old and as ugly a
  skank as one can imagine. She was the picture one would draw if thinking of
  a producer of movies about shit eating.  
&quot;Is Natasha home?&quot;, Nova inquired.  
Beverly about lost it; first a woman who was obviously having sex with Natasha
  calls and now this ugly, loathsome woman arrives asking about her daughter.  
But Natasha had no such doubts, she brushed by her mother, saying &quot;Get
  the fuck out of my way, bitch.&quot; And then she walked with Nova down to
  the older woman's Rolls Royce. Damn, thought Natasha, this woman must make
  some serious money from this business!  
Once in the car, Natasha decided to see if Nova was interested in a little
  pussy and she hiked up her skirt, exposing her twat and said, &quot;Do you
  want some of this.&quot;  
Nova said, &quot;That's very tempting and nice looking, but we have business
  to discuss and I'd like to keep it that way for now.&quot;  
Impressive thought Natasha that this old cow could resist that kind of a
  display, she must be serious about this movie stuff.  
Nova stopped at a nearby Denny's and they went in.  
&quot;So tell me,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;what's the deal?&quot;  
&quot;Well,&quot; Nova began, &quot;it's really pretty simple, but there
  will be a lot of complications that will make this a bit of work. The basic
  idea is to star you in this film -- I'd like to call it something like `Natasha
  -- The Shit Mistress' -- and have you dominate an older women, shitting in
  her mouth and having her eat it all, just like Alice and Candy did. We would
  see it as something like three scenes -- the opening scene you meet the older
  woman, who is a school nurse, and you crap in her mouth in her office. Then
  she invites you to her house where you think of nasty shit things, perhaps
  you have diarrhea and shit in her blender and then piss in it and make her
  a shit shake, and then finally the closing scene in which you and a gang of
  girls uses the whore as a shithole, six or seven of them crapping in her mouth
  with you as the final installment. So what do you think?&quot;  
Natasha could hardly believe her ears, this was much the same kind of story
  she had in mind when she told Candy Jeffe that she had something else in mind.
  Natasha asked Nova where the other girls would come from.  
&quot;That's no problem,&quot; Nova said, &quot;we've got a group of wayward
  teenagers, mostly runaways we can use, the important thing is you, you're the
  youngest and nastiest -- in real life as well as the movie -- you, honey are
  a knockout, you're nasty and we think you'll be a big star in our movies. The
  one area where we need your help is in recruiting the old, shit eating whore.
  Any ideas?&quot;  
Indeed Natasha did, but first she wanted to know what kind of money would
  be available.  
&quot;Well,&quot; Nova said, &quot;the other girls will do this for free,
  so we can afford for you and the shit eater a total of about $10,000.&quot;  
&quot;You'll have to double that for me to star in your movie and I'll take
  the entire $20,000,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;the whore will do it for free.&quot;  
&quot;Well, whatever you say, how many days do you need to work on this.&quot;  
&quot;Today is Sunday, how about we start filming tomorrow.&quot;  
Great thought Nova, she gave Natasha the address of the studio, gave Natasha
  her cell number and gave her a cell phone and said she could have a limo pick
  her up. Natasha got busy contacting Candy, who had given her phone number to
  the young girl after receiving a huge crap meal.  
&quot;Hello Candy, this is Mistress Natasha, remember me?&quot;  
&quot;Sweet Jesus, how could I ever forget you,&quot; Candy replied, thinking
  of how she must have looked with that monstrous turd partly in her mouth and
  the majority of it sticking up into the air, with her lips moving slowly up
  the human manure column until she had finally consumed the cherry Natasha had
  placed atop the turd pile. &quot;And, believe it or not, I still have those
  Coca Cola bottles stuffed up my twat and ass.&quot;  
&quot;That's real good cunt, I've got even better news, can you meet me at
  the Denny's over in the Westside, right now?&quot;, Natasha asked.  
&quot;For you, anything Mistress, do you have another load for me?&quot;  
&quot;I've got something even better than that, now get your sorry ass and
  your shit eating lips over here right now,&quot; Natasha said and then hung
  up the cell phone.  
When Candy arrived, Natasha was pleased that the older cunt had not removed
  the shit stains the young girl had applied the previous evening. Candy's cheeks
  were clearly marked with scat remnants and the odor was noticeable. Natasha
  quickly explained what had occurred and that she saw Candy as the shit eating
  slut whore to be used and abused in the movie.  
Candy never batted an eye and said, &quot;As I told you mistress, I'd do
  anything for you.&quot;  
&quot;Well, here's the catch,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;they are going to
  pay me $20,000 to appear in this sick fuck of a movie, but you don't get any
  of it, just serving as my toilet should be honor enough, not to mention pleasure,
  for you. And in addition to my crap, you are going to get that gangshit I told
  you about last night. Hell, you should be paying me.&quot;  
&quot;As you wish Mistress Natasha.&quot;  
&quot;Ok whore, get your slut ass to this studio at 8 a.m. tomorrow morning
  and we'll start the filming.&quot;  
&quot;Yes mistress, but one thing first before we go, would you fill this
  Coca Cola bottle I'm about to take out of my ass with your piss and let me
  sit here and drink it?&quot;  
And Natasha granted the slut's nasty wish, but she made Candy get under the
  table and hold the bottle up to her pisshole and she laid a whole bladder full
  into the bottle. Candy then got up from under the table and looked longingly
  at the piss filled bottle and then took a large swig, chug a lugging about
  half of the golden nectar Natasha had laid down in the bottle. Candy looked
  Natasha straight in the eye and said, &quot;Natasha, I must tell you again
  that I love you and will do anything for you. I only wish you would love me
  in return.&quot;  
Natasha replied as harshly as ever, &quot;Listen cowcunt, you know that's
  not happening, just be glad I'm feeding your sick shit fetish. And I've got
  some ideas for after this movie as well.&quot;  
Bright and early the next morning, Candy arrived at the studio and her makeup
  began. By the time Natasha arrived at 9 a.m in the limo, Candy was looking
  very good indeed -- Natasha noted that her shit stains had been removed and
  mentally reminded herself those had to be replaced. The producer, Nova Ramla,
  wanted to make sure that Candy looked as much like Pamela Anderson as possible
  and the makeup girl had done a good job of bringing out the aging beauty's
  best features. With just few introductory remarks, Nova, who also served as
  the director, began filming. Natasha looked spectacular with her 36C -- 23
  -- 34 figure clinging to a girl's school outfit.  
The scene opened with Natasha complaining about stomach cramps; Candy/Nurse
  asking for her school id (Nova had Natasha show her actual school student body
  card so that viewers would know she was actually 13 years old; lest viewers
  think she was older and just posing as a young girl just entering her teens).
  Candy then began to give Natasha an examination. Once she got Natasha's panties
  off, she had the girl stand with her legs spread and bent over the exam table.
  Candy started to give Natasha a pelvic. Natasha looked around and could see
  that &quot;the school nurse&quot; was drooling, looking at her private parts.  
&quot;Hey nursie, like what you see? If so, why don't you French kiss my
  asshole.&quot;  
The &quot;Nurse&quot; took a look around as though she was checking to see
  if anyone was looking and then immediately dived in and granted Natasha's wish,  
sticking her tongue far up the young girl's poop chute and reaming her out.  
Candy/Nurse had to tell the young beauty how much she had desired her.  
&quot;Every time you have come in her, I have lusted after you, wishing I
  could be doing this and nastier stuff,&quot; Candy said. &quot;What a body
  and face you have.&quot;  
The camera then zoomed in close and the audio was turned up as Natasha cut
  loose with one of the world's great farts, filling the Nurse's mouth and lungs
  with her butt perfume.  
&quot;Did you like that Nursie, having a 13-year-old girl fart into your
  mouth?&quot; Natasha said.  
&quot;Very much,&quot; the nurse replied, &quot;perhaps you could cut another
  one, please do cut the cheese in my mouth.&quot;  
And Natasha, who in special preparation for the filming had loaded up on
  two oversized, bean and cheese burritos from High-Tech Burrito the previous
  evening, proceeded to unleash a series of the most rancid farts imaginable
  into the waiting mouth of the school nurse. All the while, Nursie was rucking
  up her own dress and furiously frigging herself as she served as the young
  girl's gas bag.  
&quot;Since you liked that so much, perhaps you'd like a chunkier meal,&quot; Natasha
  asked.  
And Candy replied, &quot;Oh beautiful Natasha, would you consider it, would
  you crap in my mouth?&quot;  
And Natasha didn't hesitate.  
&quot;Certainly I will, Nurse, just lay down here with your nurse's cap on
  and play with yourself while I use you as a toilet. But I've got to tell you,
  I've got a huge shitloaf baking in my colon, are you sure you can handle a
  giant turd.&quot;  
Ever ready to play toilet games, Nursie responded, &quot;Oh thank you Mistress
  Natasha, please give me your giant turd that I might worship it, make love
  to it with my lips and mouth and then consume your guano.&quot;  
Natasha thought to herself, I'll just repeat what I did the other night,
  lay a huge turd in her mouth and leave part of it sticking out, the viewers
  ought to get a thrill out of this scene.  
And so, Nursie laid on her back, still fully clothed, but with her pubes
  exposed, playing with herself, awaiting her destiny to serve as a human toilet.
  She loved her role as a cesspool.  
Natasha took to acting as well as she had adapted to being a shit mistress.
  She knew to be sure to pose long enough that each scene would garner enough
  critical film footage. She loved it that the crew had three cameras and was
  able to shoot up at her and down at Nursie at the same time  
 Natasha assumed her throne-like position with her anus poised over the face
  and mouth of the more than ready Candy Nurse. Without further ado, Natasha
  began to birth the turd. Her meal the previous evening had been enough to help
  her produce one outlandish shit rope. Even thicker than the other evening,
  this fecal monster was 3 inches in diameter and it would be a stretch to see
  if Candy's jaws could handle it. Out came the column of dung, six inches or
  so full filled Candy's mouth and the remaining 10 inches towered directly out
  of her oral socket. Candy stood up and looked down at the shameless whore eating
  her waste. The camera operators filmed from all angles, including one -- a
  tight close up of Candy's lips locked onto the turd -- that Natasha was really
  looking forward to seeing. Natasha could tell her offering was being consumed
  because slowly, but inexorably, Candy's lips were moving higher up the tower
  of filth and the turd was descending into her mouth.  
Natasha, as always, wanted to make it even nastier though and so she looked
  around and found a tongue depressor in the faux nurse's office. She picked
  it up and stuck one end into the very firm turd, and scooped off a dollop of
  her crap. She then moved the depressor to Candy's nose and packed it in her
  nose hole and then repeated it for the other side. Both of Candy's nostrils
  were now filled with shit, ensuring she would have an even better smell sense
  and leaving her with virtually no room to breath. Natasha remembered telling
  Candy about not caring if she choked on her shit and died and she knew at that
  moment it was completely the truth. Hell, thought Natasha, the viewers of this
  video would probably get an extra kick out of the fact that it was a snuff
  video as well as on scat eating. But, no such luck, Candy was able to wolf
  down the monster turd and as she neared completion of the sick feast, Nova
  stepped over and whispered something in Natasha's ear.  
Natasha, eager to perform well in her first scat video, stepped back over
  Candy's face and said, &quot;Here is something to wash it down with whore.&quot; And
  she began a frightful piss down Candy's throat. Again, the camera operator
  got in for a close up of Candy's drain of a mouth as shit and piss flowed freely
  down into her sewer of a stomach.  
Once finished with the banquet of bowel fruit, Candy sat up with the sated
  glow of a woman who has just experienced her best ever orgasm and she thanked
  Mistress Natasha for the meal.  
&quot;Could we go to my home and spend a little more time,&quot; Candy/Nurse
  asked, and although she knew that in real life the request would not likely
  be granted, this was different and Natasha agreed. Natasha told Candy/Nurse
  she would remain nude for the ride to Candy's home and Candy agreed.  
&quot;Before we go, however, I want some Ex-Lax or the strongest laxative
  you have as it will help for our visit to your home,&quot; Natasha said. Candy
  lovingly unwrapped the bowel moving medicine and gave it to Candy.  
Transition scene -- Natasha nude, Candy driving, they discuss how Candy became
  a shit slut and Candy tells Natasha repeatedly how beautiful she is and how
  she is the Shit Mistress of All Shit Mistresses. They arrived at Candy's real
  home and Natasha imperiously gets out nude and walked to the front door. The
  camera operators get views from in front of Natasha, from the rear (simulating
  Candy's view) and of shots up Candy's nostrils, where the shit remnants lie
  rotting.  
Scene two -- Inside Candy's house, Natasha wastes no time in again asserting
  her dominance.  
&quot;Ok, you stinking shithole, time for more fun and games, do you have
  a blender,&quot; Natasha asked. When Candy said yes, Natasha told her to get
  it out. Meanwhile, the camera operators skillfully followed Candy as she got
  the blender and set it up, being sure to get close-ups of the shit filling
  the whore's nostrils. Once it was set up, Candy asked, &quot;What now mistress?&quot;  
&quot;I've been wanting to make you a shit shake and this blender will do
  just fine, that Ex-Lax has acted quickly, turning my BM into a mushy mess,&quot; Natasha
  said. She then got up on the counter, poised her asshole over the mouth of
  the blender and cut loose with a flood of diarrhea filling the blender bowl.  
&quot;Now slut, get over here and smell that fine diarrhea load,&quot; Natasha
  barked.  
Candy placed her face over the bowl and took a deep whiff of the runny scat
  load filling her blender. While she smelled the diarrhea in the blender, she
  frigged herself something furiously, all of it caught expertly on digital tape
  for Nova's film.  
&quot;Okay, whore, let me piss in it and then turn it on so you can have
  a delightful shit shake,&quot; Natasha said. Natasha loved it that she had
  her own lesbian scat whores.  
After Natasha had finished pissing, Candy plopped the top on the blender
  and turned it on high, watching transfixed as her drink was being prepared.
  Candy thought absently that although she had consumed many scat meals in her
  days as a lesbian sub, never had anyone so dominated and degraded her as young
  Mistress Natasha. And now Natasha had her in a film which would probably be
  shown all over the world, exposing for all her shameless longing for everything
  from female assholes. Candy knew she was in love with female assholes, especially
  those of young girls, but this whole time with Natasha was confirming that
  what she really craved was the degradation, abuse and humiliation.  
Natasha told Candy to turn the blender off and then pour the decaying slop
  into a large glass and Candy complied.  
&quot;Now shitface, drink it,&quot; Natasha screamed into Candy's face.  
Candy held the putrid mix up to her face and kissed the glass and looked
  over at Natasha, &quot;Thank you Mistress.&quot;  
Candy then put the lip of the glass to her lips and turned it bottoms up,
  pouring the entire rank contents down her throat, chug-a-lugging the brown
  mixture like it was Italy's finest wine. Then she poured the remainder into
  the glass, hoisted it towards Natasha and said, &quot;Thank you Mistress, with
  this drink, I bind myself as your slave forever, willing to do whatever you
  want as long as I can worship you in any way you deem appropriate.&quot;  
With that, she repeated her earlier motion and chugged the remainder of the
  decomposed body waste of her beautiful, 13-year-old mistress. The scene closes
  with Natasha explaining that now they'll be heading to the gangshit Candy had
  been promised.  
Transition scene -- Natasha walks out the front door of Candy's home, still
  nude, gets in her car and they drive off. As they drive, Natasha tells Candy
  how she has arranged to fulfill what she is sure is one of Candy's fondest
  dreams, 8 young girls crapping down her throat. &quot;And you know,&quot; Natasha
  said, &quot;I'm going to turn you into a shit whore after this, selling your
  sorry mouth as a dumping hole for other women.&quot;  
&quot;And just to make sure you don't back out, we've got quite a setup to
  get the shit meals to you,&quot; Natasha said, before entering the studio.  
The final scene began with Natasha and the 8 other girls -- all nude -- gathered
  together in a stark office-type setting with only one piece of furniture. That
  piece was a simple, clear chair made of Lucite with a hole in the seat. Extending
  down from the hole in the seat was a funnel made of the same clear material.
  The funnel narrowed down to a 3 and 1/2 inch diameter mouth at the end of the
  cone-shaped shaft.  
&quot;So, the shit whore will be here shortly and we're going to place her
  under the mouth of the funnel with the end of it inserted into her mouth,&quot; Natasha
  told the other girls. &quot;With the end inserted fully into her mouth,  
she won't have room to even move her jaws. We are going to crap into the
  top of the funnel -- she'll be able to see right through the clear material
  to get a close look at each shit load exiting our asses. The shit will then
  flow down directly into her sewer mouth and directly down into her septic tank
  stomach.&quot;  
Candy then entered and all the girls began hooting and verbally harassing
  the 40-year-old and still beautiful slut:  
&quot;What a turd face.&quot;  
&quot;Here comes the shit whore.&quot;  
&quot;Get ready, here comes the poop.&quot;  
&quot;You go girl, we're going to shit and you're going to eat.&quot;  
Candy accepted the verbal abuse just as she was going to soon eagerly accept
  the teenage girls' shit. She never blushed. She knew what her fate here was
  before entering the room and she was itching to get on with the shit eating.  
&quot;Candy,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;before we start, spray down the funnel
  with this can of PAM, non-stick Canola oil so your food -- our dung -- won't
  stick and will slide directly down into your sewer hole of a mouth.&quot;  
Candy slipped out of her clothes and then got under the Lucite chair and
  gingerly placed the end of the funnel into her mouth. The mouth of the cone
  severely stretched Candy's lips and she couldn't move her teeth in any sort
  of chewing motion. She knew that she was going to have to swallow the filth
  directly or choke on it and die.  
First up was a blonde, 16-year-old hottie who plopped down on the seat and
  looked down through the Lucite at Candy and said, &quot;Here comes the first
  shit loaf honey, enjoy.&quot; And then Candy watched as the first helping of
  bowel fruit exited the girl's shitter. The first six-incher hit the inside
  of the funnel and slid towards her mouth. The log of filth plopped all the
  way into Candy's mouth and flowed down her esophagus into her stomach. All
  the while, of course, Candy was furiously playing with herself. One down the
  hatch, eight more to go, she thought.  
To the side of the filming, Nova thought to herself, Jesus Christ, here we've
  got a babe who looks like Pamela Anderson eating the shit of young girls and
  that stunner Natasha, this is going to be a tremendous video. I'll have to
  raise the price from the normal $400 per copy to $500 per copy.  
The second girl, a 17-year-old, mounted the throne and began to piss into
  the top of the funnel.  
&quot;There you go shit whore,&quot; the teenager said, &quot;that should
  help wash the shit filth into your cesspool of a stomach.&quot;  
Then the girl plopped a 10-incher into the funnel and the turd was so firm
  that it got clogged at the bottom of the 3 and 1/2 inch opening at the bottom
  of the cone. Candy stuck her tongue up into the goo in a desperate attempt
  to break it free before the next girl crapped in the bowl and further jammed
  up the slot. Just before the next girl sent another shit log into the tank,
  Candy broke the jammed turd free and allowed it to flow into her mouth.  
The next five girls emptied their bowels into the funnel -- none of them
  more than six inchers -- and Candy got them all down into her stomach, which
  had bloated out about four inches from its normal position. At that point,
  Candy retched and she puked up some of the foul, partly digested shit from
  her stomach and it bubbled back up into the funnel. The puked up shit sat there
  in the bowel -- Candy had a clear view of the mess above her mouth through
  the Lucite -- and then her gag reflex broke and she swallowed it again.  
The next girl, a petite redhead mounted the Lucite throne chair and unleashed
  a flood of diarrhea into the bowel and down into Candy's mouth.  
Then the coup d'grace. Natasha Natoli unleashed a two-foot long, coal-black
  turd that ran from her sphincter to the back of Candy's throat. It took Candy
  20 minutes to consume that filth log and when she was done, she stood up and
  Natasha introduced her to the camera: &quot;Just as there are gangbang girls,
  here we have the gangshit girl -- Candy.&quot;  
And the filming was over. Natasha went the next day and watched over the
  preparation of the final video and when they placed the title on it -- `Natasha
  -- The Shit Mistress' -- she went through a minor orgasm. She loved that it
  said in the credits Cast: Starring as Natasha -- 13-year-old Natasha Natoli.  
Feedback is always appreciated  
Natasha -- Shitting on a Housewife  
 This one is pretty rough, not for the faint of heart  
By Will Adams  
Thirteen-year-old Natasha Natoli -- the nasty young bitch, who was generally
  in a fine mood these days -- was puzzled.  
Who was it, she wondered, who bought the type of shit eating movies she had
  starred in two weeks earlier. She had gotten three copies from Nova Ramla and
  stored them in her closet along with the $20,000 in cash she had been paid.
  Those parts of the deal were great, but left her still wondering who bought
  and paid for the movies.  
And what are the finances, she thought, how much money do they make? With
  the $20,000 they paid me and maybe $10,000 for other expenses, what would they
  need to break even? Let's say they sell 1,500 copies for maybe $200 each, that
  would give them a profit of $270,000! No wonder that skank Nova is driving
  a Rolls Royce. Good grief, if they sold 5,000 copies at $300 each they would
  clear nearly a million five. Natasha had no way of knowing that they actually
  sold more than 10,000 copies of each film and at the regular price of $400
  per copy, they were clearing close to $4 million on each such video. On Natasha's
  video, they would make close to $5 million as Nova had raised the price to
  $500 per edition.  
Wow! she thought, there could be real money in those videos. I got into the
  video because of the nastiness, but perhaps this deviant sexual drive of mine
  can provide me a way to make money. For now, I'll just hope they give me another
  contract to star in the next video.  
But who are the purchasers and viewers of these videos, she continued to
  wonder. For the moment, she was also frustrated, as she had just started her
  period.  
Natasha Natoli could not have known that only a few blocks from her home,
  a copy of the latest video from ScatEatingVideoProductions/All/Young/Girls
  LLC -- `Natasha -- The Shit Mistress' -- was being viewed in a neighbor's house.
  Thirty-three-year-old Amber Harris, married and the mother of two, was watching
  the vile video. The youngish and pretty mother was nude in her study, parked
  in her overstuffed leather chair with both legs thrown over the arms of the
  chair, and feverishly whacking away at her large clit as she viewed the super
  nasty movie.  
At the opening screen, Amber's already overheated sexual motor had gone into
  hyperdrive when she realized that the 13-year-old girl showing her Associated
  Student Body card from Forest Middle School was none other than Natasha Natoli,
  the daughter of Beverly Natoli, a woman she knew from the neighborhood. The
  fact that the daughter of one of her neighbors was the lead star in one of
  the movies that were the most secret, perverted part of Amber's private life
  was startling to her. The 33-year-old housewife had lesbian tendencies from
  the time she was in high school. Her extreme beauty had not led folks to assume
  she was a lesbo, though. She was a look alike for Cameron Diaz -- very feminine
  and pretty -- and no one ever suspected her homosexual leanings. Even though
  she loved watching lesbian scat eating movies, she had never herself partaken
  of bowel fruit. She had, however, arranged through prostitution services to
  eat the snatches of a few young female whores. She had put aside those feelings
  though to get married and have a family and live a &quot;normal&quot; life.
  It didn't make her happy, however, and viewing the nasty movies was one way
  she eased the stress  
Amber was certainly shocked at seeing the smiling face of young Natasha Natoli
  grinning next to her Associated Student Body card, but she only paused for
  a moment in watching the filthy scat worship movie. By the time the 60-minute
  video was over, Amber was covered with sweat and she had worked her hot box
  to more than a dozen orgasms. Dear Lord in Heaven, she thought, the $500 for
  that videotape was the best money I ever spent. Breathing hard and trying to
  recover, she pondered her next move regarding the teenage shit mistress.  
Amber Harris decided a direct appeal would be best. She thumbed through her
  Rolodex and picked up the phone to call Beverly Natoli's house.  
Beverly answered the phone. &quot;Hello Beverly, this is Amber Harris, how
  are you doing?&quot;. Fine, said Beverly.  
&quot;Bev, I'd like to speak with young Natasha,&quot; Amber said to Beverly, &quot;I
  think she might be able to make a fine babysitter for us.&quot; What I really
  want to find out, thought Amber, is how she got into that movie.  
Wow, thought Beverly, first a woman calls here who is obviously having sex
  with Natasha, then one of the ugliest skanks in the world shows up and Natasha
  rides off with her in a Rolls Royce and now one of the prettiest women in the
  neighborhood is calling indicating what a fine babysitter Natasha would make.
  What a strange world, she thought.  
&quot;Ok, Amber, I'll put her on the phone.&quot;  
Shortly the arrangements were made for Natasha to see the pretty housewife
  the following morning. Oddly, Natasha agreed, even though she thought it very
  unlikely that her new lifestyle would give her much time to be babysitting.
  Hell, thought Natasha, I'm out corrupting older women, and I'm not suitable
  for taking care of young kids. Natasha thought, I don't care anything about
  the women who serve as my toilets; I sure as fuck don't give a flying dipstick
  about some brat kids.  
However, promptly at 9 a.m., Natasha showed up on Amber's doorstep, dressed
  demurely in a brightly colored sundress with large flowers. The dress covered
  her knees, but her gorgeous arms were bare and showed the fine, chiseled limbs
  Natasha had developed. Feeling wickedly nasty as always she did leave her panties
  off, meaning there was nothing between the pretty housewife and Natasha's tampon
  string besides thin air.  
Amber Harris met Natasha at the door and hurried her into her private study.
  Natasha did not fail to notice that the Amber seemed to lose her breath when
  the young, nasty teenager arrived at the door. Her beauty and body often did
  that to others and Natasha was starting to feel like something besides her
  availability to baby sit might be on Amber's mind.  
Sitting down at her desk and urging Natasha to take a seat next to the desk,
  Amber started in, &quot;Natasha, have you had much experience babysitting?&quot;  
Natasha heard the words, but also clearly saw the hunger in the eyes of the
  thin and pretty woman as the housewife lusted on her long, tan and silky legs
  and sandal-covered feet.  
Natasha slowly and lewdly splayed her legs wide and she smiled as the pretty
  woman's eyes feasted on the lasciviously spread private parts before her. The
  woman was mesmerized by the gorgeous legs of the teenage temptress and she
  began to bumble in her comments until she could no longer speak as Natasha's
  dress rose up above her hips and Amber Harris saw the naked twat of the star
  of `The Shit Mistress' seated in front of her. Amber also saw the tampon string
  hanging out of the young girl's vagina and dangling between her labia. The
  housewife had given up all pretext of talking and was just gawking at the vulgar
  display in front of her. Natasha thought it was time to pounce.  
&quot;Amber, may I call you Amber,&quot; Natasha said sarcastically, &quot;it
  isn't very nice to have invited me over here on some pretext of talking with
  me about child care when what you clearly are interested in is my twat. Now
  tell me the truth, or I'll cover up that beaver and you'll never see it again.
  And by the way, how do you like that tampon string hanging out, letting you
  know that I have my period and despite that, you are going to be eating my
  bleeding twat in just a matter of moments.&quot;  
Amber tried to snap out of her near-hypnotized state, but she simply couldn't
  tear her eyes away from the gorgeous sight in front of her. And she knew Natasha
  was right, she would soon be sucking the beautiful teenager's bleeding vagina.  
&quot;Now listen bitch housewife, tell me the truth, what caused you to call
  me here and tell me the truth now or I'll leave and you will miss your opportunity
  to see what my menses tastes like.&quot; Natasha figured getting the slut mom
  to eat our her twat while it was flowing blood would expand her repertoire
  and she intended to increase that repertoire every chance she got.  
Amber Harris couldn't hide the truth any longer. She slumped to her knees
  in front of Natasha as the 13-year-old pulled her dress up over her head to
  sit completely nude in the chair with Amber at her feet. The pretty closet
  lesbian gazed with locked vision at the string hanging out of Natasha's labia
  and knew that her lips would be on that string and probably the bloody tampon
  within moments.  
&quot;Oh dear Natasha, I'm just so embarrassed to tell you that I called
  because I just received yesterday the latest scat video in which you star.
  Seeing you in it just totally turned me on and I had to see you.&quot;  
The realization that her question about who viewed the scat movies had been
  answered coupled with Natasha's certain knowledge at that point that she would
  be taking a shit soon in this pretty neighbor's mouth sent her into an orgasm,
  she just couldn't hold off this time. Natasha also knew that she was going
  to abuse this woman. Natasha knew she was going to take a shit on the woman's
  kitchen counter and drop a turd load on her plate and force the housewife to
  eat it off the utensils she served her family with. Sweet cunt, thought Natasha,
  being this nasty is just too much fun. It was also at that moment that Natasha
  realized this affair with the Amber Harris was going to be different. Picking
  up a shit slut in a lesbo bar was one thing, but having a neighborhood housewife
  as a perverted, pedophilic lover was a whole new ball game. And, she thought,
  it requires a change in my approach. Here, I have a married woman on her knees
  about to learn what it is to be a lesbian sex slave. It is just too deliciously
  filthy, Natasha reflected.  
In addition, it was at that moment that Natasha realized how this would be
  different.  
I am going to debase and humiliate her, abuse and torture her and then I
  am  
going to ruin her life. I know I have said of some of the other twats that
  I didn't care what happened to them, but I'm going to go farther and destroy
  this housewife cunt. I really don't care about her and I'm going to enjoy her
  service as a sex slut, have her fall in love with me and then absolutely wreck
  her entire life. And she won't know that's what's going to happen, she'll be
  thinking the whole time that I may fall in love with her, but instead I'll
  be abusing her knowing that at the end, I'll leave her whole life shattered
  Oh, this is going to be fun! And I've a good idea about how to ruin her life;
  I've got to call Nova soon.  
But for now, back to current matters, her twat, her bloody cunt needed attention
  from the pretty and budding lesbian whore and Natasha thought now is the time
  to start her defilement and to break her away from her family and bind her
  over to my body. The teenage dominatrix shifted her lower body forward, bringing
  her bleeding cunt closer to the older woman's face.  
&quot;Listen carefully Amber, the answers you give right now will determine
  whether you get to be one of my slaves or not. Now answer me, do you accept
  my bleeding twat as your owner, are you willing to be owned by a young girl's
  cunt?&quot;  
Amber Harris knew she was about to slip forever into the clutches of this
  young mistress, but she simply could not resist.  
&quot;Yes I do accept Natasha's 13-year-old cunt, her bleeding, menses soaked
  cunt as my owner.&quot;  
Natasha then slid down further exposing her asshole.  
&quot;And look at that sexy young girl asshole, do you accept Natasha's asshole
  as the love of your life?&quot;, Natasha continued bent on ruining the lust-filled
  housewife.  
&quot;Yes I do accept your beautiful asshole as the love of my life,&quot; the
  housewife repeated the mantra Natasha had given her.  
&quot;Now kiss briefly my twat lips and the asshole,&quot; Natasha said.
  Amber Harris quickly complied, giving each a brief peck as instructed by her
  teenage mistress. &quot;Okay slut, get down into that bleeding cunt and make
  love to it. I want you to start by pulling out the tampon with your teeth.&quot;  
Amber slipped her lips around the string and slowly pulled the bloody tampon
  from Natasha's vagina. Natasha looked down at the housewife with a blood-spattered
  tampon hanging by a string from her mouth and decided to give her a further
  shot of degradation, hocking up, moving boogers into her loogie, she spit into
  the woman's face and loved the look of shock, but acceptance, in the young
  mother's eyes as the spit flowed over her face.  
&quot;Well, cunt, what are you going to do with that now,&quot; Natasha asked.  
In answer, Amber opened her mouth, dropped the tampon into her hand and then
  kissed it.  
&quot;I'm just trying to show your tampon and you the proper reverence,&quot; Amber
  said. &quot;I'm so hot, I really need a good cum, now!&quot; But Natasha cautioned
  the housewife that she couldn't come until Natasha gave her permission.  
&quot;Well, that's good, for now, take off all your clothes except your necklace
  and tie that pussy rag to the it. And how do you like that smell?,&quot; Natasha
  said, &quot;But we need to get on with your torture before your next meal.
  Here's a paper clip and I'm going to straighten it out and then stick it through
  your nipple, with absolutely no pain killer.&quot; Amber did as commanded and
  was soon nude again on her knees with the twat rag tied to her pearl necklace.  
Natasha grabbed the housewife whore's left tit and slowly and painfully inserted
  the paper clip into her nipple; bending it in a U-shape once it was through
  the tit meat. Natasha grinned evilly as the nipple began to bleed and tears
  started to run down the slut's face. She then repeated the performance with
  the other breast topper.  
&quot;Ah, a properly bloodied housewife, you can now get on with your pussy
  feast,&quot; Natasha said.  
The teenage mistress then grabbed the back of the pretty lady's head and
  guided it into her boiling twat. Amber provided no resistance, indeed she dived
  for the cunt meat, as her mouth and lips were guided to the sex lips of the
  young girl. Natasha steered the woman's oral cavity to the mouth of the her
  vagina. Once the lips were there, Natasha commanded her to open her mouth and
  receive her bloody vaginal discharge as she made love to the sex organs.  
Natasha pushed with her lower body muscles as she felt a clot flowing down
  from her uterus and she was gratified as the blood ball moved into the Amber's
  mouth. Again, she knew she had this hopeless twat as her slave as she heard
  the woman's throat muscles make a swallowing noise. Natasha was pleased as
  always knowing that some filthy scum from her body was deposited in the septic
  tank of another woman's stomach.  
Amber, meanwhile, was very busy swabbing her tongue around the innards of
  the bloody cunt, tasting the young girl's menses and reveling in the taste
  and the absolute filth of it. Hell, she thought, this is much nastier than
  any of the other young twats I've eaten. I wonder if she's going to turn me
  into a shit eater, Amber thought. One thing is for certain, I'm not going to
  beg her for her crap.  
Natasha moved towards a climax and then held the whore housewife by her ears
  as a thundering climax roared through her body. Accompanying that outburst
  of sexual fulfillment, Amber Harris also shuddered through a climax as the
  total perversity of her situation fully hit her and engulfed her sexually.
  Natasha could have continued and sought another climax, but she was done for
  the moment and she very much wanted to get on with the plan to ruin the housewife's
  life. She pulled Amber's face off her sated snatch and loved the bloody stain
  all over her lower face.  
&quot;Listen up cunt, I've got to go now, but I'll be back at 5 p.m., nude
  on the front porch so be ready to let me in,&quot; Natasha said.  
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; the dominated woman responded.  
&quot;But one more question,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;exactly how much did
  you pay for `The Shit Mistress' movie?&quot;  
When Natasha heard $500, her plans fully crystallized.  
Natasha hurried home and placed a call to Nova, unveiling her hastily conceived
  plan to ruin Amber's life. In short order the plans were in place and Natasha
  had cut a better deal than she could imagine with Nova Ramla, the shit eating
  video producer.  
Promptly at five, Natasha, clad in only her plastic raincoat and high heels,
  arrived on the porch of Amber's home. Amber had arranged for her children to
  spend the evening with neighbors and her husband was late at work. Natasha
  immediately shed the plastic raincoat, tossing it in the bushes nearby. A couple
  of drivers honked as they drove by on the busy street and then seconds later
  the door opened and Amber ushered the nude young girl into the her front room.  
&quot;Natasha, how could you do that, anyone could see you,&quot; the housewife
  said.  
Natasha's hand shot out, bitch slapping SLAP!SLAP!SLAP!SLAP!SLAP! the pretty
  housewife harshly across the cheeks..  
&quot;Don't ever do that again,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;Earlier today you
  indicated that you are now owned by my cunt and you will not question me. Now
  let's get you're your kitchen where we can play out the rest of today's homage
  festivities. Take off all your clothes again except for the pearl necklace.&quot; Once
  the whore's clothes were removed, Natasha was pleased that she still had the
  tampon tied to the necklace.  
Unknown to the Amber, Nova's film crew had secreted themselves in several
  key spots in her house and were about to film for ScatEatingVideoProductions/All/Young/Girls
  LLC the next installment in what would become the `Natasha' series, this one
  to be called `Natasha -- Shitting on a Housewife'. Nova was convinced this
  would be an even bigger seller than `Shit Mistress'. However, under her agreement
  with Natasha, Amber was not to know anything about the filming. It was part
  of Natasha's drive to destroy the older cunt's life.  
Walking toward the kitchen, the naked housewife felt the pussy jam dripping
  down her legs. My blessed Mistress Natasha, Amber thought privately, I can't
  help myself, I'm in love with you and want to do anything you want. But I really
  need to come, but you said I can't come until you approve, I wonder what you
  have in mind.  
The film crew caught it all as Natasha and the housewife look-alike for Cameron
  Diaz, both nude, walked down the hallway toward the kitchen. Once in the kitchen,
  Natasha turned to Amber and said, &quot;I know you have wanted to cum for quite
  some time today, but you haven't, right?&quot; When Natasha saw a nod of assent
  from Amber, she continued, &quot;Your chance to cum will occur shortly after
  our next exchange of body material; you will have what will likely be the most
  powerful orgasm of your pathetic life.&quot;  
Amber was still not sure where this was going and so she queried Natasha.  
&quot;Dear Mistress Natasha, please just tell me what we are going to do
  and how I might come.&quot;  
Natasha shot the older woman a stare that clearly displayed her frustration
  with the stupid nature of the question.  
&quot;What do you think we are going to do,&quot; Natasha said.  
Amber continued to stare blankly at the frustrated Natasha, so Natasha let
  loose with the answer.  
&quot;I'm going to use you as a toilet, you are going to eat and drink my
  piss and shit,&quot; Natasha thundered. `You are now a worshipper of mine,
  let's get on with it.&quot;  
Amber shook with fear, realizing that this was another step on the road to
  the ruin of lesbian domination by a young teenage girl.  
&quot;I can't do that Mistress, it's disgusting and I've never been into
  scat even though I enjoy the movies,&quot; Amber said.  
&quot;Well Mrs. Harris, you're going to be into it fucking shortly or I'll
  walk out that front door and you'll never see this pretty pussy again,&quot; Natasha
  said, noticing that Amber's eyes had traveled down her body to focus on the
  tampon string hanging out between her labia. She also noticed a little drool
  slipping down the pretty housewife's chin.  
&quot;No, no please Natasha don't leave. I want to be your slut, to have
  you as my mistress, but I'm having trouble with the shit part. I love watching  
those shit eating movies, but I've never done it, what if I puke?&quot;  
Natasha slapped the woman's face, &quot;You better not fucking puke, how
  dare you even think such a vile thought about my precious shit.&quot;  
&quot;You won't puke, in fact you'll love it. You'll end up begging me for
  it just like the other shit whores. Now, let's get started. Get out a glass
  and a plate.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, I'll try,&quot; Amber said with a whimper of submittal.  
The nude housewife scurried to carry out Natasha's directive. She brought
  the two items near the kitchen island where Natasha was waiting impatiently.
  Natasha instructed Amber to place the two items on the counter and then to
  sink to her knees. Once Amber was on her knees, Natasha looked down at her
  most recent conquest. Amber gazed longingly up at the long-legged beauty towering
  over her.  
Natasha began.  
&quot;We are here in Amber Harris's kitchen that she might be able to receive
  piss and shit from her Goddess' body. This moment will bind the whore Amber
  Harris to her mistress in slavery forever.&quot;  
Natasha then told Amber to hold up the wine glass under her twat. The young
  girl began pissing into the glass until it filled and overflowed, running down
  onto Amber's hands, arms, breasts and body and eventually to the kitchen floor.  
&quot;Okay slut, place the urine wine on the counter,&quot; Natasha said.  
Natasha then crouched down and began to shit on the plate, which Amber had
  placed on the floor. Amber Harris watched in a combination of sexual rapture
  and horror as the last vestiges of honor were stripped away from her. Here
  she was, a perfectly respectful San Francisco housewife, watching a nude teenage
  girl take a shit on one of her family's dinner plates.  
Natasha laid down a very, very firm turd about 10 inches long and then told
  Amber to take a small knife and slice the dung roll into three pieces of shit.  
Once the slicing was completed, Amber looked up at Natasha for further direction.
  The odor of the sliced turd was both revolting to Amber and also turning her
  on as she had never been turned on before, driving her to near insane levels
  of sexual rapture.  
&quot;Now pick up one of the pieces of the shit and place it in your mouth
  to bind yourself to me in depravity,&quot; Natasha said.  
Amber reached out and picked up the turd piece and moved it toward her mouth.
  She hesitated and then Natasha urged her to complete the vile act.  
&quot;Finish the act Amber, receive my shit and then I'll let you have that
  orgasm you have been craving since you ate my snatch this morning,&quot; Natasha
  said.  
Amber finally acquiesced and moved the shit piece to her waiting mouth. As
  she passed the piece of shit under her nose, she was further assaulted with
  the foul smell, but she didn't falter in delivering it to her tongue. She closed
  her lips and felt the still warm turd piece begin to melt in her mouth. She
  tentatively chewed the turd and didn't find it that bad. As her overheated
  pussy drove her sex-fogged brain, she actually began to think she was liking
  the shit; no, she thought, loving it. I do love it, she thought. She looked
  up at Natasha and realized the lovely young girl had converted her from a housewife
  into a shit whore, and she gave thanks that the young girl had helped her find
  her destiny.  
Natasha told her to finish the remaining two pieces of human manure. &quot;They're
  shit you know, I told you that you would love eating my dung,&quot; Natasha
  said. Amber wolfed down the remaining two pieces, sending them to her stomach,
  which Natasha was converting into a septic tank.  
&quot;And now, with this drink of my piss, you complete your slavery vow
  and you may have your orgasm,&quot; Natasha said.  
Amber held the wine glass in both hands and quaffed the golden brew.  
Amber's body couldn't hold out any longer and she quaked through -- as Natasha
  had promised -- the best orgasm of her life, with shit on her tongue and lips
  and piss and shit mixed in her foul sewer of a stomach.  
Natasha said, &quot;Yes Amber Harris, enjoy your orgasm brought on by a nasty
  combination of feces and urine. What do you think of it now?&quot;  
&quot;I must confess,&quot; Amber began, &quot;I was hesitant and doubting
  at first, but I loved it. Your absolutely delightful dung and piss brought
  on my orgasm, the best of my life. Thank you mistress for bringing me into
  the world of lesbian scat.&quot;  
Natasha, fully aware of the discreet filming going on looked to further raise
  the stakes, asking Amber if she wanted more.  
&quot;Please mistress, if you have any remaining shit, I would love to eat
  it as I'm sure it throw me into another orgasm. I love being a shit whore and
  not even having to touch myself to have an orgasm.&quot;  
&quot;Ok slut, then hold your hands over the plate and I'll crap into your
  hands,&quot; Natasha said.  
Amber got into position and looked at Natasha's beautiful asshole and watched
  it begin to expand. Amber knew in her heart that she'd be happy for the rest
  of her life if she could watch that gorgeous shithole open each day to deliver
  a load of human excrement to her. The manure oozed out of Natasha's shitter,
  a loose load that flowed onto Amber's hands. The crap kept coming and flowed
  down onto the plate. Once she had finished her soft bowel movement, Natasha
  stood up and told Amber to tongue clean her butthole. Amber chowed down like
  the shit slut she had become and in moments, Natasha's rear end was clean.  
&quot;Finish my shit, whore,&quot; Natasha said and Amber plunged her face
  into the mess in her hands. Once she had finished the load in her hands, she
  picked up the plate and began licking it off to finish eating all of the precious
  waste from Natasha. Orgasm after orgasm racked her body. She had indeed become
  a shit slut, cumming just from the act of eating filth.  
Natasha was finished with her slut for the evening and she winked at Nova
  standing in the shadows and nodded her head towards the door, indicating that
  Nova should meet her outside.  
&quot;Adios shithole housewife,&quot; Natasha said and walked out the front
  door without further ado, still totally nude. She left Amber panting for more,
  as was her wont.  
Nova was outside and Natasha got into her Rolls Royce.  
&quot;Well, did you get it all?&quot; Natasha asked.  
&quot;Yes, sweetie, we sure did, thanks so much for coming up with that plan,&quot; Nova
  said. &quot;What should we call the movie.&quot;  
&quot;I still like `Natasha -- Shitting on a Housewife',&quot; Natasha replied.  
&quot;Done,&quot; responded Nova.  
&quot;You know she buys your movies, does she have to order them?&quot; Natasha
  asked.  
Nova told her that Amber simply had an open credit card account to order
  any of the videos produced by her company.  
&quot;She'll get a surprise when she opens the box on that one,&quot; laughed
  Natasha. &quot;Take me home Nova, I'm exhausted.&quot;  
Part five -- Amber gets turned into a severely bruised and welted toilet
  slut  
Natasha beats the snot out of Amber -- turning her into a bruised and toilet
  slut  
Will Adams  
Natasha Natoli was fuming.  
knew the call would come, but she had not expected Amber's fury when housewife
  opened the latest shit eating video -- staring herself in her role as a closet
  lesbian slut being turned into a scat lover by Natasha -- from ScatEatingVideoProductions/All/Young/Girls
  LLC. knew that Amber must have gotten quite a shock as she saw the vile she
  had participated in recorded forever on video and her immediate had been to
  call the young girl who was the architect of her doom.  
&quot;What the fuck did you do?&quot; Amber railed into the phone at a startled
  . But young Natasha was not one to be cowed.  
&quot;Listen you cunt-eating whore, I told you that if you got involved with
  me, 'd use and abuse you. Don't think that I care about you, I own you and
  're mine to use,&quot; Natasha shot back.  
&quot;We have to talk, I'm coming over right now,&quot; Amber said and hung
  up the in Natasha's ear.  
so, Natasha was fuming, unaccustomed as she was to one of her toilets back
  to her. As she waited for Amber to arrive, a plan began to from her anger.  
her plan was firmly posted in her young mind, she knew that as soon as new
  shit eater came through the door, she had to take control of her. when Amber
  burst through the door without knocking, Natasha -- who at 5 , 10 inches towered
  five inches over the housewife -- stormed toward 33-year-old woman and delivered
  a wicked right punch to Amber's left , knocking the slut to her ass. And then,
  Amber began to cry, holding left eye (which was going to swell and bruise quite
  nicely Natasha ).  
&quot;That's just for starters, slut,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;To this point,
  I've been kind to you, allowing you to have my glorious piss and shit every
  day I turned you. Now it's going to get rough because you can NEVER EVER at
  me or think you are in any way in charge of me or even close to my equal. You
  are a toilet and you're about to become one bruised welted toilet slut at my
  hands.&quot;  
moved quickly to tie up the pretty blonde with strong ropes and her wrists
  and ankles to heavy pieces of furniture in her living . She then pulled out
  a switchblade knife and sliced all of the 's clothes off, leaving her only
  with her ever-present pearl .  
&quot;Now you look about right, tied up and beginning to bruise beautifully
  that eye,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;You'll be a properly bruised toilet slut
  as all toilet sluts should be -- by tomorrow morning -- and what I'm to add
  now will make it all the better.&quot;  
ripped off her own panties and stuffed them in Amber's mouth as a , knowing
  that the abuse and discipline she was about to impose on the mother could not
  be suffered without screams of pain. She also duct tape to the bitch's mouth
  to ensure her silence.  
's eyes widened as she saw Natasha pull some wicked looking tools out a large
  grocery bag. She wondered where the young teen dominatrix had such instruments
  and then it struck her; of course, Natasha had them from the same people who
  made that awful movie of her eating 's bowel fruit in her kitchen. Natasha
  pulled a thick leather belt a cat o'nine tails out of the bag, an outsized
  buttplug, nipple clamps, and some nasty looking boots. Amber began to worry
  at least a for her safety.  
was with it enough to know the beating that had started with the punch she
  received was only the beginning. Natasha then lit up a -- Natasha's favorite
  Kool Menthol longs -- and after taking a of drags she began to talk with Amber
  again.  
&quot;You see slut, you are in for a tough afternoon, and after this you
  will walk away from me and the BDSM I dish out, or you will be forever to it.
  I think you'll end up bonded to it,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;Now I'm to start
  with those tits of yours, how about some cigarette burns for ?&quot;  
tried to scream, but the gag prevented any sound from coming out and watched
  in horror as the brightly burning end of the cigarette her left breast. Both
  Natasha and Amber watched as the burned into the areola of the newly blossoming
  lesbian slut, the aroma of burned flesh in the room. The pain was excruciating,
  Natasha did not pause after lifting the cigarette and placing a similar on
  the other side of the nipple. She then repeated the process on the tit, leaving
  Amber near fainting with the pain of the tit torture. compounded the pain by
  pulling one of the tits up by the still paper clip and pinching the other as
  hard as she could.  
wasn't done with the breasts, though. She took the pliers and squeezing the
  right nipple in the vise of the pliers' grip. She enough pressure on the pliers
  that the two ends of the pliers were touching, squeezing the nipple into almost
  nothingness. Natasha relaxed and looked at the damage she had wrought. The
  nipple was -- Amber wondered through the pain if it would ever return to its
  size -- and bleeding.  
said, &quot;Perfect, now let's repeat that on the other one.&quot; Natasha
  her tit wrecking performance with the exception that the other unexpectedly
  was slashed open, creating quite a bit of blood . Natasha did not stop to repair
  or assist the tit in recovering. She neatly applied high-pressure alligator
  nipple clamps to both tit and smiled in pleasure at the abuse she was heaping
  on her latest . She took her time in surveying the wounds she was applying
  as she in the agony she was applying to slip an oversized 3-inch diameter --
  without any lube -- right up into Amber's craphole.  
&quot;We need to get you stretched out so I can eventually also use your
  as a urinal,&quot; Natasha said. The beautiful young girl pushed hard the tail
  end of the buttplug to make sure it was fully inserted and up Amber's rear
  end.  
Natasha slipped on the oversized Army boots and began to kick Amber in sides
  and along the inside and outsides of her legs.  
&quot;Those kicks will make for some nice bruises,&quot; Natasha said, 'now
  it's time get on with the belt beating.' For her part, Amber had begun to wonder
  this discipline and punishment session would ever end. Or if she would it.  
took the 2-inch thick belt and wrapped one end around her right and began
  a vicious beating of the older woman's front side, lashing her breasts, then
  her abdomen, then her pussy and then each of her . She whipped Amber until
  the older whore had broken out into heavy . Then, for good measure, she threw
  10 of the belt slaps into 's pretty face, badly bruising the older slut's facial
  features. Then Natasha turned Amber over and repeated the performance on her
  , buttocks and legs, leaving the poor heaving slut with huge welts virtually
  all of her body. Amazingly though, Natasha noticed that the abuse, Amber had
  cum three times. Boy, what a slut, Natasha , orgasming from being beaten.  
Finally, Natasha took the cat o'nine tails and gave Amber 50 lashings over
  back and legs. At the end of all that, Amber was a whimpering, broken . Natasha
  reached down, removed the panty gag from Amber's mouth and up one of her patented,
  snot-filled loogies and spit it into the blonde's waiting mouth.  
&quot;Remember what you said just the other day,&quot; Natasha growled, &quot;you
  swore my twat is your owner and my asshole is the love of your life, you 't
  argue with your twin sexual organ owners, you pay reverence to them to me,
  so never again challenge anything I say, do, think or cause to . Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; Amber moaned looking up at the beautiful young
  girl, who fully her owner now, even more than before.  
&quot;You see Amber, I made money off you from that video -- I got Nova to
  raise fee to $50,000 -- because that is what you are good for, you are a ,
  lesbian scat whore and I don't care about you, your family, your or anything
  about you,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;You exist to serve me, to be toilet for
  me and besides all that, you want me to treat you this way, as low-life piece-of-shit
  whore, don't you sweetie. In fact, maybe we get a tattoo over your cunt that
  says something like `Natasha's '.&quot;  
, broken and realizing the truth of everything Natasha said, . &quot;You
  are so right mistress, you are my owner and I love it, I'm to do with as you
  please. I do crave your foul treatment, it turns me so when you abuse me. Whatever
  you want from me, it's yours. Please me for questioning your decision to make
  the video with me eating beautiful scat in my kitchen and making love to your
  manure. I should paid you to let me be in such a worship scene with you. Please,
  forgive me and I'll never question you again. You are right; I am a whore who
  is nothing more to you than a flesh-and-blood toilet.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, you piss swilling, turd gobbling whore, now's the time for your
  toilet for the day so I'll remove the last of your bonds and make ready to
  my bodily waste,&quot; Natasha said.  
climbed over Amber's bruised and welted body and settled harshly on her and
  bashed face with her urethra on Amber's mouth first. Natasha her slut's mouth
  with golden nectar, filling up her mouth and using as a urinal. Then she moved
  her butthole over the whore's mouth and her to get ready for a huge diarrhea
  load. Natasha let loose with her flood of slimy, loose crapload and Amber simply
  let it slide down her to her stomach. Since it was virtually total liquid,
  there was no needed. Natasha unleashed two more watery filth shipments and
  it as Amber accepted both down her sewer of a mouth and throat. ushered Amber
  out her front door and told her to keep the buttplug until she told her it
  could be removed. Natasha did allow that Amber take it out to have BMs.  
. after finishing the scat meal, went back to her house. Once there took
  off her clothes and surveyed her bruised, welted and burned body realized, &quot;I
  am a lesbian shit whore and despite the brutal beating she gave me, I'll still
  do anything she wants, assuming she'll ever allow to worship at her gorgeous
  body again.&quot;  
didn't know how she would explain her beating to her husband, but she she
  just didn't care. Her married days were virtually over and knew she would soon
  be nothing more than Natasha's sex slave and , eager to do anything to make
  her young owner spend time with her.  
up: the housewife eats a shit hot dog, naked with the sun on her in Gate
  Park.  
beats the snot out of Amber -- turning her into a bruised and toilet slut  
Will Adams  
Natasha Natoli was fuming.  
knew the call would come, but she had not expected Amber's fury when housewife
  opened the latest shit eating video -- staring herself in her role as a closet
  lesbian slut being turned into a scat lover by Natasha -- from ScatEatingVideoProductions/All/Young/Girls
  LLC. knew that Amber must have gotten quite a shock as she saw the vile she
  had participated in recorded forever on video and her immediate had been to
  call the young girl who was the architect of her doom.  
&quot;What the fuck did you do?&quot; Amber railed into the phone at a startled
  . But young Natasha was not one to be cowed.  
&quot;Listen you cunt-eating whore, I told you that if you got involved with
  me, 'd use and abuse you. Don't think that I care about you, I own you and
  're mine to use,&quot; Natasha shot back.  
&quot;We have to talk, I'm coming over right now,&quot; Amber said and hung
  up the in Natasha's ear.  
so, Natasha was fuming, unaccustomed as she was to one of her toilets back
  to her. As she waited for Amber to arrive, a plan began to from her anger.  
her plan was firmly posted in her young mind, she knew that as soon as new
  shit eater came through the door, she had to take control of her. when Amber
  burst through the door without knocking, Natasha -- who at 5 , 10 inches towered
  five inches over the housewife -- stormed toward 33-year-old woman and delivered
  a wicked right punch to Amber's left , knocking the slut to her ass. And then,
  Amber began to cry, holding left eye (which was going to swell and bruise quite
  nicely Natasha ).  
&quot;That's just for starters, slut,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;To this point,
  I've been kind to you, allowing you to have my glorious piss and shit every
  day I turned you. Now it's going to get rough because you can NEVER EVER at
  me or think you are in any way in charge of me or even close to my equal. You
  are a toilet and you're about to become one bruised welted toilet slut at my
  hands.&quot;  
moved quickly to tie up the pretty blonde with strong ropes and her wrists
  and ankles to heavy pieces of furniture in her living . She then pulled out
  a switchblade knife and sliced all of the 's clothes off, leaving her only
  with her ever-present pearl .  
&quot;Now you look about right, tied up and beginning to bruise beautifully
  that eye,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;You'll be a properly bruised toilet slut
  as all toilet sluts should be -- by tomorrow morning -- and what I'm to add
  now will make it all the better.&quot;  
ripped off her own panties and stuffed them in Amber's mouth as a , knowing
  that the abuse and discipline she was about to impose on the mother could not
  be suffered without screams of pain. She also duct tape to the bitch's mouth
  to ensure her silence.  
's eyes widened as she saw Natasha pull some wicked looking tools out a large
  grocery bag. She wondered where the young teen dominatrix had such instruments
  and then it struck her; of course, Natasha had them from the same people who
  made that awful movie of her eating 's bowel fruit in her kitchen. Natasha
  pulled a thick leather belt a cat o'nine tails out of the bag, an outsized
  buttplug, nipple clamps, and some nasty looking boots. Amber began to worry
  at least a for her safety.  
was with it enough to know the beating that had started with the punch she
  received was only the beginning. Natasha then lit up a -- Natasha's favorite
  Kool Menthol longs -- and after taking a of drags she began to talk with Amber
  again.  
&quot;You see slut, you are in for a tough afternoon, and after this you
  will walk away from me and the BDSM I dish out, or you will be forever to it.
  I think you'll end up bonded to it,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;Now I'm to start
  with those tits of yours, how about some cigarette burns for ?&quot;  
tried to scream, but the gag prevented any sound from coming out and watched
  in horror as the brightly burning end of the cigarette her left breast. Both
  Natasha and Amber watched as the burned into the areola of the newly blossoming
  lesbian slut, the aroma of burned flesh in the room. The pain was excruciating,
  Natasha did not pause after lifting the cigarette and placing a similar on
  the other side of the nipple. She then repeated the process on the tit, leaving
  Amber near fainting with the pain of the tit torture. compounded the pain by
  pulling one of the tits up by the still paper clip and pinching the other as
  hard as she could.  
wasn't done with the breasts, though. She took the pliers and squeezing the
  right nipple in the vise of the pliers' grip. She enough pressure on the pliers
  that the two ends of the pliers were touching, squeezing the nipple into almost
  nothingness. Natasha relaxed and looked at the damage she had wrought. The
  nipple was -- Amber wondered through the pain if it would ever return to its
  size -- and bleeding.  
said, &quot;Perfect, now let's repeat that on the other one.&quot; Natasha
  her tit wrecking performance with the exception that the other unexpectedly
  was slashed open, creating quite a bit of blood . Natasha did not stop to repair
  or assist the tit in recovering. She neatly applied high-pressure alligator
  nipple clamps to both tit and smiled in pleasure at the abuse she was heaping
  on her latest . She took her time in surveying the wounds she was applying
  as she in the agony she was applying to slip an oversized 3-inch diameter --
  without any lube -- right up into Amber's craphole.  
&quot;We need to get you stretched out so I can eventually also use your
  as a urinal,&quot; Natasha said. The beautiful young girl pushed hard the tail
  end of the buttplug to make sure it was fully inserted and up Amber's rear
  end.  
Natasha slipped on the oversized Army boots and began to kick Amber in sides
  and along the inside and outsides of her legs.  
&quot;Those kicks will make for some nice bruises,&quot; Natasha said, 'now
  it's time get on with the belt beating.' For her part, Amber had begun to wonder
  this discipline and punishment session would ever end. Or if she would it.  
took the 2-inch thick belt and wrapped one end around her right and began
  a vicious beating of the older woman's front side, lashing her breasts, then
  her abdomen, then her pussy and then each of her . She whipped Amber until
  the older whore had broken out into heavy . Then, for good measure, she threw
  10 of the belt slaps into 's pretty face, badly bruising the older slut's facial
  features. Then Natasha turned Amber over and repeated the performance on her
  , buttocks and legs, leaving the poor heaving slut with huge welts virtually
  all of her body. Amazingly though, Natasha noticed that the abuse, Amber had
  cum three times. Boy, what a slut, Natasha , orgasming from being beaten.  
Finally, Natasha took the cat o'nine tails and gave Amber 50 lashings over
  back and legs. At the end of all that, Amber was a whimpering, broken . Natasha
  reached down, removed the panty gag from Amber's mouth and up one of her patented,
  snot-filled loogies and spit it into the blonde's waiting mouth.  
&quot;Remember what you said just the other day,&quot; Natasha growled, &quot;you
  swore my twat is your owner and my asshole is the love of your life, you 't
  argue with your twin sexual organ owners, you pay reverence to them to me,
  so never again challenge anything I say, do, think or cause to . Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; Amber moaned looking up at the beautiful young
  girl, who fully her owner now, even more than before.  
&quot;You see Amber, I made money off you from that video -- I got Nova to
  raise fee to $50,000 -- because that is what you are good for, you are a ,
  lesbian scat whore and I don't care about you, your family, your or anything
  about you,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;You exist to serve me, to be toilet for
  me and besides all that, you want me to treat you this way, as low-life piece-of-shit
  whore, don't you sweetie. In fact, maybe we get a tattoo over your cunt that
  says something like `Natasha's '.&quot;  
, broken and realizing the truth of everything Natasha said, . &quot;You
  are so right mistress, you are my owner and I love it, I'm to do with as you
  please. I do crave your foul treatment, it turns me so when you abuse me. Whatever
  you want from me, it's yours. Please me for questioning your decision to make
  the video with me eating beautiful scat in my kitchen and making love to your
  manure. I should paid you to let me be in such a worship scene with you. Please,
  forgive me and I'll never question you again. You are right; I am a whore who
  is nothing more to you than a flesh-and-blood toilet.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, you piss swilling, turd gobbling whore, now's the time for your
  toilet for the day so I'll remove the last of your bonds and make ready to
  my bodily waste,&quot; Natasha said.  
climbed over Amber's bruised and welted body and settled harshly on her and
  bashed face with her urethra on Amber's mouth first. Natasha her slut's mouth
  with golden nectar, filling up her mouth and using as a urinal. Then she moved
  her butthole over the whore's mouth and her to get ready for a huge diarrhea
  load. Natasha let loose with her flood of slimy, loose crapload and Amber simply
  let it slide down her to her stomach. Since it was virtually total liquid,
  there was no needed. Natasha unleashed two more watery filth shipments and
  it as Amber accepted both down her sewer of a mouth and throat. ushered Amber
  out her front door and told her to keep the buttplug until she told her it
  could be removed. Natasha did allow that Amber take it out to have BMs.  
. after finishing the scat meal, went back to her house. Once there took
  off her clothes and surveyed her bruised, welted and burned body realized, &quot;I
  am a lesbian shit whore and despite the brutal beating she gave me, I'll still
  do anything she wants, assuming she'll ever allow to worship at her gorgeous
  body again.&quot;  
didn't know how she would explain her beating to her husband, but she she
  just didn't care. Her married days were virtually over and knew she would soon
  be nothing more than Natasha's sex slave and , eager to do anything to make
  her young owner spend time with her.  
up: the housewife eats a shit hot dog, naked with the sun on her in Gate
  Park.  
Natasha  
Will Adams  
Natasha Natoli was looking forward to a sex picnic in Gate Park.  
Amber Harris had already agreed to serve naked in the sun as the shit for
  Natasha and her two girlfriends. Natasha had invited two girls who had small
  roles in Natasha's first video `Natasha -- The Shit ' -- to enjoy the lesbian
  scat festival on Sunday afternoon.  
administering the beating to Amber earlier in the week, Natasha had Amber
  a couple of days later to see if she was interested in serving the shit slut
  for the Sunday picnic. Natasha didn't really care if wanted to do it or not
  as Natasha by now had developed a list of sluts who could handle the shit eating
  chores if Amber didn't want .  
&quot;Oh no, Natasha,&quot; Amber gushed to the teen domme on the phone call, &quot;after
  beating, I thought you were so pissed at me that you'd never use me . I'm very
  eager to work my way back into your rotation of shit , please, please, please
  let me feed at your anus and your too if that is what you want. And please,
  I'd love it if you videotape this abuse as I find that I cum harder watching
  myself eat than when I'm eating it.&quot;  
a cunt, Natasha thought, here I'm in the process of ruining her life still
  she's so drawn by the sex hormones overpowering her sex drive she still wants
  to serve as my toilet. How pathetic!  
&quot;All right twat, then you'll have to get together the entire arrangements
  me and the two other scat mistresses -- they are 16 and 17 by the way including
  food, drinks, transportation and any special arrangements you to make to consume
  our scat,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;You are a worthless cow a cunt, 33 years
  old, married, mother of two girls and here you are a Sunday afternoon with
  teenage girls serving as their shit . Since you'll be getting all the food,
  drink and transportation , we won't charge you for our turds. By the way, what
  did you tell fuck of a husband about your welts, burns and bruises?&quot;  
responded, &quot;I told him it was none of his fucking business, and that
  'd be moving out soon. Natasha, I really want to fully serve you and that require
  me to get a place of my own.&quot;  
, Natasha thought, I don't have to ruin her fucking life, she's ruining herself.  
morning dawned bright and clear and Natasha thought it would be a day to
  be naked in the sun, shitting in the housewife's mouth or on picnic food. Amber
  Harris was thoroughly excited as she arrived at 9 .m. Sunday to pick up Natasha.  
Natoli, Natasha's mother, wondered absently why Natasha was so much time
  with the pretty housewife. Bev knew it wasn't all babysitting, but she was
  unable to believe the feminine blonde was a sexual relationship with her daughter.
  As she answered the door, was shocked by the bruised and battered face of Amber
  Harris.  
&quot;Good Heaven,&quot; Bev asked, &quot;what happened to your face?&quot;  
&quot;Oh it's nothing, I tripped and fell in the kitchen,&quot; Amber said.  
was appalled at the black eye and bruised lips of the pretty woman before
  her. That doesn't look like it resulted from a fall, she , it looked like a
  her husband or a lover had beaten her up. She'd been even more shocked if she
  had seen the woman's bruised and welted , but everything, including her damaged
  arms was covered by her . But, thought Bev, it's none of my business.  
came bounding down the stairs in the tightest pair of vinyl shorts had ever
  seen and a halter top with no bra underneath to corral her tits. Bev thought
  Natasha definitely looked like a wet dream. My , thought Beverly, I can't believe
  I'm getting turned on by a woman's , and she's my own daughter to boot. I've
  got to watch myself or I'll drooling.  
any event, Bev was glad to see Natasha spending time with the housewife than
  the older woman who was obviously having sex with Natasha or ugly skank who
  drove the Rolls Royce. Bev definitely didn't like Nova , who had also been
  around to the house a few times.  
&quot;Well, have a good time,&quot; Bev shouted to her buxom daughter and
  the pretty as they strolled down the sidewalk arm in arm to get into the older
  's Suburban.  
inside the car, Natasha stripped off her clothes. She loved sitting in Amber's
  car, blatantly conveying her in-command position.  
&quot;I'm just so much more comfortable naked,&quot; Natasha said. And soooo
  good Amber thought. Natasha knew it would get nasty a little bit later, she
  wanted some pervert fun now.  
&quot;When you stop at the next light, turn to me so I can lob one of my
  hockers your face,&quot; Natasha said. Amber stopped, turned and immediately
  one of the nasty spitballs from Natasha's gorgeous mouth.  
&quot;You just look so good with that booger-filled loogie clinging to your
  and dripping down across your nose,&quot; the young girl said.  
drove on toward the home where the other two girls were to be picked , hoping
  no cop pulled her over to ask embarrassing questions about what 33-year-old
  housewife -- with a huge wad of snot-filled saliva on her and face -- was doing
  with a gorgeous, nude, 13-year-old girl in the front seat of her truck. Who
  would have thought only a few ago that I would have become the degenerate that
  I am, thought Amber; complete lesbo, ready to leave my life for the thrill
  of becoming a shit for teenage girls.  
they arrived at the home, Natasha instructed Amber to get out of the and
  go get the other shit mistresses. &quot;You know we're all going to a shit
  in your mouth today, don't you Amber?&quot; Natasha asked. She loved the blonde
  slut that she was 33 years old, a housewife, mother of girls -- ages 16 and
  15 -- and a lesbian stool eater. Amber complied, the door looking totally humiliated
  with the spitwad on her face and the two girls to the large SUV. Amber opened
  the door for the mistresses and closed the doors behind them. The two girls
  -- Narcissa and 17-year-old Sage -- giggled as they realized nasty was nude. &quot;Can
  we take our clothes off too?&quot; Narcissa asked.  
&quot;You'll have to ask the driver,&quot; Natasha said sarcastically, knowing
  full that she was in complete control of the slut Amber and everything that
  go on that afternoon. &quot;Can we, can we?,&quot; the two girls asked in .  
nodded, realizing that it wouldn't go much worse for her if she was three,
  teenaged, naked, nubile nymphs rather than one. The girls were naked in less
  than a minute and relaxed as the SUV headed to the park.  
in the park, Natasha cautioned Amber to find a place with a little bit privacy
  as the scat games they were going to play would produce interest isolated.
  Amber found such a spot, but was also excited at the of people spying on them
  and watching the humiliation she was to receive.  
asked Sage to handle the video shooting chores. &quot;I know this whore just
  love to watch herself cleaning anuses in the sun and generally abused and humiliated,
  so let's indulge her as we feed her our ,&quot; Natasha said.  
started filming as Amber began to strip her clothes off and Sage threw few
  barbs her way as the clothing came off.  
&quot;Hey whore, where'd you get that beating, tell us about it?&quot; Sage
  said.  
now-naked housewife turned to the camera and said, &quot;This welted and
  body was created by my Mistress Natasha, my shit mistress. I had nerve to question
  one of her decisions and she beat me mercilessly to the case that I am her
  whore, owned by her twat and in love with her . I have repeatedly thanked her
  for the beating, the pliers on my , the cigarette burns on my areolas and the
  bruises everywhere, they me every moment of my worthless life, just who is
  my owner and what real status -- shiteater -- is.&quot;  
&quot;Sheez Natasha, this one is as much if not more of a whore than Candy
  is,&quot; said. &quot;Let's get her busy.&quot;  
last thought made Natasha think, Amber and Candy and Alice were all too easy.
  She needed to get with some cunts who were a little more about the abuse she
  liked to dish out. I need to get with some who want to fuck and eat me but
  they don't want to eat and suck my . I need to force them and I think I have
  some ideas about how to that by blackmailing them and getting some tough friends
  together to them do it. I'm going to have to get working on those kinds of
  sluts well. It's all well and good, she thought, to have some absolute like
  Candy and Amber at her disposal, but it would be even nastier some of them
  were forced to participate in perversity. Soon, she .  
for now she did love looking at the bruised, but still beautiful body Amber,
  realizing that she had inflicted those injuries and that the still loved her.
  Boy, her body looks great with those welts and , and how about those burned
  nipples, Natasha thought. Great!  
girls walked over to a picnic table and waited while Amber unloaded the supplies
  from the Suburban, setting up a cloth on the picnic table then putting out
  the food, soft drinks and beer for the three girls to .  
&quot;While we're drinking some of these beers, why don't you get under the
  and get your mouth filled with pussy,&quot; Narcissa said. &quot;Come on, eat
  twat first, I'm so horny it won't take long to bring me off.&quot;  
got under the table and was in twat heaven with the three sets of girl pubes
  facing her naked body.  
continued, &quot;Come on slut, get in there and dine at the Y. Eat twat appetizer.&quot;  
shuffled forward on her knees and brought her mouth to the girl's . She didn't
  pause to kiss or lick the gloriously naked legs or smooth, stomach, she just
  dived in on the beaver. Her tongue locked into the 's slit and she began to
  furiously tongue the engorged clitoris of the teenage mistress. Although she
  wasn't widely experienced as a cunt , she was very enthusiastic and wanted
  to taste all of the nasty 's private parts. She stuck her tongue deep in the
  vagina of the young and swabbed it out, remembering when she had conducted
  similar and had been tasting Natasha's menses. Narcissa shuddered through climax
  and then instructed Amber to remain under the table while she gave a golden
  shower.  
&quot;Actually whore, put your hair right up against my twat, I want to piss
  all your pretty blonde hair,&quot; Narcissa said. So Amber moved her hair to
  the girl's urethra and Narcissa let her bladder go, soaking's pretty hair in
  her foul urine. Natasha then instructed Amber to out from under the table and
  show the three girls her doused hairdo. climbed out from under the picnic table
  and all three young laughed out loud at her piss hair look.  
&quot;Oh this is too filthy, film her, film her,&quot; Natasha yelled, &quot;she'll
  love this later, seeing how her hair was soaked in piss -- imagine 33 old,
  gorgeous -- a mother of two beautiful teenage girls -- and only to be controlled
  by teenage cunt.&quot;  
then got back under the table and ate out the two other girls, them to climaxes
  as well.  
then a group of three women from a dyke biker group came by and ogling the
  three naked teenagers and the older slut.  
one who appeared to be the leader of the group asked Natasha, &quot;What's
  on here?&quot; Natasha, never one to be bashful, told the biker dyke what was
  going on.  
&quot;This is a slut whore from my neighborhood, she's a mother of two, 33
  years and she's here as our slut, willing to do whatever we want.&quot; Natasha
  . &quot;Watch this.&quot;  
then raised her leg and placed her twat down on Amber's pretty .  
&quot;Just like a snail, I like to leave the slimy mark from my cunt all
  over face,&quot; Natasha said.  
&quot;She's just eaten the three of us and Narcissa here has just doused
  her in .&quot;  
&quot;Great,&quot; the heavy-set biker dyke said, &quot;we've got to run
  or we'd stick and see how else you might humiliate her. Meanwhile, here's my
  card my name is Mary Koch -- and you cutie, give me a call sometime if you'd
  to go for a ride on my motorcycle.&quot; The three biker dykes then headed
  , but Natasha had a plan in mind for them later. One in which Amber help her
  corral other housewives to serve Natasha. Housewives who wouldn't be so eager
  to be used completely -- as shitholes and -- by Natasha, but would be forced
  to by the dyker bikes or perhaps blackmail.  
nude with piss doused hair and the snail-like, twat slime on her , Amber
  then set about serving lunch to the three girls. Natasha told older whore to
  kneel by her side as they ate.  
&quot;When we're done eating, you'll get your treats, all three of us are
  going feed you some sort of shit delight,&quot; Natasha said. Amber waited
  as the girls ate the hot dogs, potato salad and vanilla ice cream had brought
  for them.  
their picnic lunch was completed, Natasha told Narcissa to fill a bowl with
  potato salad and Sage to fill up one with vanilla ice . She then told the girls
  to fill them with their dung to make a nice picnic lunch for slut Amber. Narcissa
  took the bowl with potato salad it and dumped a filth log across it and Sage
  did the same except she the vanilla ice cream with a blast of choclaty diarrhea.  
&quot;As for me, I'm going to feed her a shit hot dog,&quot; Natasha said.  
told Amber to hold a hot dog bun under her sphincter and wait for shit substitute
  for a hot dog. Amber looked lovingly upon the young 's shitter as it expanded
  and she laid a foul dung log in the hot dog . Narcissa and Sage also filled
  up a large plastic glass with urine and it in front of Amber, who was seated
  nude at the picnic table about consume the scat meal. Natasha then added what
  she thought was a nice , an 8-inch shit roll right into the glass of urine.
  Natasha loved look; a clear plastic glass filled with teenage girl urine and
  a shit filling up the entire nasty brew. Natasha wanted Amber to clean the
  anuses of all three girls. So Amber crouched naked in the sun, the shit leftovers
  out of the three girl's ass cracks until she them all cleaned up, thanked each
  young girl asshole for its treat and down to her perverse meal. Sage continued
  to film Amber as she shoved end of the shit hot dog into her mouth and began
  to consume it, chewing and savoring the human manure offering encased in a
  hot dog bun and to her by her teenage mistress. She took gentle sips from the
  shit urine brew to quaff down the combination of manure and other food. she
  had finished the urine drink, Amber looked at the piss-soaked shit left in
  the clear plastic glass, noting that the dung roll had somewhat, but was still
  there and firm. She pondered how to this last bit of the picnic lunch. She
  hoisted the glass and let poop tube slide out of the glass and into her mouth.
  Although in teenage girl urine, the pipe of Natasha's turd was still firm she
  had to chew it thoroughly to swallow it. Natasha and the girls is as some of
  their collective brown scum rolled down Amber's chin.  
&quot;Clean up that liquid fertilizer from your chin,&quot; Sage said. And
  Amber her hand, wiped her chin and then licked the scum off it. Natasha had
  Amber hold a plate up under Natasha's asshole and the teenager out another
  turd, although this one was much smaller than her hot dog offering. Natasha
  told the girls she wanted to mark Amber so while Amber held the plate full
  of colon waste, Natasha took a spoon and scooped up some of her waste and spread
  it around Amber's , nose and chin. The mess was clearly identifiable as shit
  and marked Amber as the shit slut she had become.  
&quot;Good,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;now when we take her out, everyone
  who sees her will she is a stool consumer. Oh, she is such a gross whore.&quot; Natasha
  Amber to open her mouth so the young girl could see if any feces were in her
  teeth. Sure enough, said Natasha, she's got some of our butt stuck in her teeth
  and her breath smells like a septic tank.  
the scat meal was finished, the girls got dressed and Natasha told she had
  a couple more humiliations for the pretty blonde.  
&quot;First, I want you to get on your back and put your shoulders on the
  ground your buttocks up against the picnic bench and then remove that butt
  plug,&quot; Natasha ordered the older whore.  
complied and soon her pubes and gaping butt hole were pointed . Natasha complimented
  her on her ability to keep the butt plug in so long.  
&quot;It did a great job of stretching out your asshole and now I'm going
  to use as a urinal,&quot; Natasha intoned. She then straddled Amber and began
  to a powerful flood of urine into the gaping rectum. The fudge hole overflowed
  and the urine ran down her stomach and back, sliming her in Natasha's urine.
  The other two girls gave her a similar treatment Amber went through two orgasms
  as she was defiled.  
then the final humiliation.  
&quot;We're going to put this dog collar on you and take you down to Castro
  and parade you around on a leash,&quot; Natasha said. Amber wilted a , but
  knew she would put up with this and any other humiliation put her through as
  long as she could continue to worship the goddess. They drove down there and
  loved it as they walked along, the catcalls from the lesbians and others in
  the neighborhood. The cakes on Amber's face added to the eroticism and humiliation
  of it . In the middle of one intersection, Natasha had Amber stop, kneel and
  her to spit in the older woman's mouth.  
&quot;Please, please, please Natasha, bless me with the foulest spit from
  your that you can come up with,&quot; Amber begged, causing everything from
  to laughter to disgust from passersby. Natasha did her best in through her
  nose, drawing boogers and snot into the firing of her throat and then she hocked
  it perfectly into Amber's open receptacle, which in addition to a shithole
  and urinal was a perfectly spittoon. Natasha then had Amber drive them home
  and drop them . She had some other plans for Amber and having the older slut
  help her some other neighborhood housewife sluts who weren't quite so easy.
  that would come later.  
Natasha part seven 
Bev gets turned  and turned on 
Thirteen-year-old Natasha Natoli knew it was time. 
She had kept her mother waiting long enough. Thirty-eight-year-old Beverly
  Natoli was still a good-looking babe  an older version of the former porn
  star Madison -- but since her divorce five years earlier she had had absolutely
  no romantic or sex life. Bev knew she was confused about her own sexual identity
  and the journey she had indirectly followed her daughter on was adding to the
  confusion. 
When Natasha left the house on her recent forays, Bev found herself increasingly
  sexually agitated. She was growing progressively more turned on lusting on
  Natasha's long gams, beautiful, clothed tits and absolutely gorgeous face.
  Bev often thought about how Natasha was a teenaged boy's wet dream. And lately,
  Natasha had become Bev's wet dream At night, Bev's long suppressed sexual desire
  was regularly steaming as she fingered her clit and butt hole and drove herself
  into frenzied orgasms. All the while, she was imagining herself as Natasha's
  slut, being told what to do and living only to serve her sexy daughter. In
  the last few nights, while Natasha was out, Bev had slipped into her daughter's
  room, gone to her clothes hamper to take her panties into her bedroom, draping
  them over her face as she jacked off to perverted dreams of snacking at Natasha's
  hair pie. A couple of times Bev had noticed that Natasha left hash marks in
  her panties. Bev was even more appalled at herself as she licked the nasty
  brown and foul-smelling marks and felt herself blast through the most powerful
  climaxes she had ever experienced. 
Natasha had noticed Bev's increasing sexual agitation when her mom was around
  her. The flushed face, raised voice and intense staring at Natasha's private
  parts, were all indicators that Bev had fallen as hard for young Natasha as
  any of the young girl's other sluts. 
Bev wanted more intimate contact with her daughter, but she didn't know how
  to proceed, how to offer herself as a sex slave. And Natasha, although she
  knew she wanted to dominate and control her own mother, was also uncertain
  about next steps. She knew well how to pick up one of the fuck sluts at The
  Litter Box, but getting your own mother to eat your cunt box was an entirely
  different matter, Quite a different matter, she thought. Natasha sincerely
  believed that all she had to do was go naked into her mother's bedroom one
  night and present her glorious pussy to her mother's overheated face by sitting
  on her breasts. Certainly, Natasha thought, her mother would just stick her
  tongue out and begin lapping her daughter's oversized clitoris. The downside
  to such a strategy, Natasha thought, was that there was no degradation in it.
  No forced humiliation, no chance to make her mother beg for the incestual twat
  that she so desired. Another scenario that Natasha pondered was to arrive naked
  at breakfast one morning and see if she could work the conversation around
  to getting her mother to admit her sick desires. For Natasha, though, the kitchen
  didn't hold the symbolism of having her mother eat her snatch while in her
  own bedroom. Eventually, Natasha settled on a fairly straightforward seduction.
  She would begin to fix herself up as though she was going out for the evening,
  and then don a house robe only and enter her mother's bedroom just before her
  mother was ready to go to bed. 
Her preparations complete, Natasha entered her mom's bed chamber. Bev was
  slightly surprised when Natasha came in because Natasha had lately almost completely
  ignored her except when she was pushing her aside or calling her a fucking
  bitch. 
Bev's surprise meter went up further when Natasha dropped her robe and stood
  gloriously naked in front of her sex-starved mother. 
Well, that's certainly a shock Natasha, Bev said, what did you want? 
I was going to go out tonight, but then I thought, why?', when I can probably
  get exactly what I need here. 
Bev, beginning to sense where this was going, foolishly played along, tempting
  fate. And what did you need? 
I think you know Mom, so why not give into the feelings? Bev was suddenly
  filled with resolve not to give into temptation and participate in this depravity
  of sexual decadence with her own daughter. 
Given the things that have been going on with you lately  the calls from
  that Alice woman, your meetings with that horrible woman Nova Ramla, and your
  hanging out with poor beaten and bruised Amber Harris  it's becoming clear
  the kind of lifestyle you have slipped into, but I won't become a part of it,
  it's homosexual and incest behavior that you want from me and I won't go there,
  even if I am tempted. But Natasha grasped that it wasn't herself only that
  wanted the behavior, Natasha understood that it was her mother who wanted it
  more than the young and horny teenager did. 
36 
All during this conversation, Bev's eyes were bulging out of her head looking
  at Natasha's naked form in front of her. Natasha, a perfect 36C  23  34,
  with black hair that hung down to the middle of her back, 5 foot 10 inches
  of sculptured perfection. She had been told she looked like the porn star Taylor
  St. Claire, but much younger. Her glorious bubble butt and long, striking legs
  this time actually had Bev drooling. Natasha loved the spittle line running
  down Bev's chin, a clear indication of the passion and out-of-control lust
  her own mother felt for her. 
Despite her noble-sounding words, Bev knew she was in trouble and about to
  slip under the sexual control of her own daughter. For Bev was definitely starting
  to heat up sexually. Bev was wearing baby-blue, cotton pajamas and she was
  worried that the pussy goop flowing freely out of her nether hole would start
  to stain through the material, giving away her sexual temperature. She did
  not need to worry, it was already too late, the pussy jelly had indeed soaked
  through the pj's and was clearly visible to the naked Natasha. 
I've got her, Natasha thought, just lusting on my naked body and the preliminary
  sex talk had gotten Bev heated up, blazing with passion and nearly ready to
  descend into the debauchery of incestual lesbianism. Look at this horny slut,
  with her pussy jelly running out of her vagina and marking those pajamas, marking
  them as the complete and utter whore she is. 
All right, now we have the subject of sex and your submission to me out in
  the open, Natasha intoned. You and I both know you want me, that you want
  to dine on my sex organs, so why don't you get over here, sink to your knees
  and meet your destiny  otherwise known as my twat. 
Bev didn't move and Natasha saw that her mother was holding back. Natasha
  knew she needed to try a new tactic to bring her mother into the fold of her
  slut stable. The twin hang-ups her mother was having were the fact that she
  was being asked to participate in homosexuality and incest. Natasha needed
  a route around those two to complete the first part of her mother's journey
  into complete degeneracy. The first  homosexuality  was, in her mom's mind,
  queer and perverted. The second, incest, was beyond her mother's comprehension,
  but her mother knew it was evil. She's never performed cunnilingus and now
  it's being proposed that she perform it on her daughter. She just can't bring
  herself to do it, even though she wants to. 
Why, thought Natasha, do I have no trouble with it. Of course, I don't really
  care about anyone, mother included, except myself. And, in reality, I won't
  care anymore about her than about my other whores. All that matters is that
  I get to be as sexually perverse as I want. I must break her. 
Okay, Natasha began, listen up hon, there are two things holding you back.
  First is being a lesbian. Think of it as a perfectly natural progression. You
  grew tired of heterosexuality, divorced Dad. Your daughter is a lesbian dominatrix,
  and a beautiful one at that. You are really turned on by your gorgeous daughter's
  body and face. It is, therefore natural, for you to become one of her whores.
  See, just like 1  2  3. 
Natasha knew it was a pretty lame argument, but she also knew that her mother
  needed only a slim excuse to submit, no matter how flimsy. 
Now as to the second part, Natasha continued, you are bothered by the incest
  label, but remember it's just a word. Remember when thinking about my twat,
  it's the natural progression and as for my cunt it's only flesh and some hair,
  flesh and hair that demand your attention. It's just cuntmeat, just twatflesh,
  a sexual organ. It's only a coincidence that it is your daughter's twatmeat.
  Submit to the twat, this twat and all other concerns will fade away. Am I getting
  through to you? 
Natasha could see that she was and so she continued. 
Remember, mother, thinking is the lust killer, thinking is the act that will
  kill the beautiful lust that is taking over your body now, remember, thinking
  is the lust killer, Natasha said. Give in to the lust, don't try to think
  about it. 
Bev was weakening, the combination of her nubile young daughter's body and
  the intoxicating words spewing from her mouth had the pussy jam going full
  time down her leg, further staining her baby-blue pajamas. 
Perhaps she's right, Bev began to think to herself, she's a lesbian, I've
  grown tired of male cock and I'm sooooo attracted to her. Maybe I should just
  give in, like she said, it's only a cunt, a twat, a pussy, a hair pie. Gawd,
  Bev thought, I want it, I really want to make love to that cunt, I want to
  tongue fuck her, I am desperate to face fuck her. 
And Natasha could sense her mother's weakness as well. Natasha knew lesbian
  sluts well enough that she was sure now was the time to press her advantage.
  Natasha mused that this was the moment to change their relationship from daughter/mother
  to dome/whore. She slowly and seductively walked  rolling her gorgeous hips
  -- over to where her mother was standing and began to command her. 
On your knees, get ready to dive into that sweet young girl box, Natasha
  barked. You know you want it so get it! 
Bev finally capitulated and, after removing her pajamas at her daughter's
  command, sank to her knees in front of the beautiful young dominatrix. And
  so you can remember later how much you enjoyed this, Natasha said, I'm going
  to set up a video camera over in the corner and Natasha broke out the tripod-mounted
  camera and turned it on, returning to her position of dominance in front of
  her whore mother. 
And, now kiss the twat in a show of subservience, Natasha said. Bev, of
  course, complied, placing one light peck on her daughter's labia. 
Ok, now you have accepted your lesbianism and so you can avoid thinking or
  worrying about incest, we're no longer going to be mother and daughter, we
  are now, domme, me, and sub, you, so I'm not going to call you mother any longer,
  I'll be using words like slut, whore, cunt and you will address me as Mistress
  or Madame or Owner. Do you get it? 
Yes, croaked Bev. 
All right whore, lift up your face and look me in the eyes. There, now one
  of the first blessings I like to provide a whore is one of my booger-filled
  loogies, get ready to receive it, Natasha hissed. 
Bev was ready to be dominated and opened her mouth to receive the first of
  Natasha's bodily fluids that day. The young dominatrix hocked it perfectly
  into the older whore's mouth and then told her to swallow it. Bev let the viscous
  fluid slide down her throat into her stomach. Good job twat, Natasha said.
  The teen dominatrix knew it might take a while, but she knew her mother would
  also eventually become her total whore. But for now, on with the snatch eating. 
All right cunt, Natasha continued in her role as domme, let's see how you
  eat your mistress' hair pie, or do you prefer to have it called a cunt, twat,
  hole or what? Exactly how do you like to refer to a young girl's pubes? 
Oh dear mistress, I'm just learning, but I think I like the word twat the
  most, it just seems the nastiest, Bev replied. 
Then twat it is, so on your knees whore, eat your mistress' twat, get your
  fill of this 13-year-old's twat, rejoice in being a 38-year-old whore willing
  to do whatever is required if only you can eat this teenager's twat, EAT IT
  BITCH AND BECOME MY SLAVE, Natasha spat out. 
And Beverly moved her face forward, guided, in part, by Natasha's hand on
  the back of her head. But Beverly needed no further urging, she had denied
  this need long enough and she was about to quench her thirst for young beaver,
  her daughter's beaver. Beverly loved the look of the young girl's nether lips
  as she moved to meet her fate. Large, puffy outer lips, punctuated by thinner,
  inner pussy lips hanging out between the gorgeous cunt meat of the labia. Bev
  could also see Natasha's oversized clitoris, waiting to be serviced. The 38-year-old
  loved how Natasha had shaved her pubic area, leaving only a small, heart-shaped
  patch of short hair poised over her large clitoris and the sharp end of the
  heart pointing toward the large clitoris. She could smell the overheated twat
  as her face moved in close. Natasha grabbed Beverly by the ears and carefully
  guided her face into a twat-filled landing pattern. 
But just before Bev's face landed on her daughter's cunt pie, Natasha jerked
  her head back, bringing sharp pain to Bev's ears. 
Before you eat that teenage delight, Natasha said, it's time you learned
  to beg from your betters, as in I am better than you', you pathetic whore. 
And, for the first time in her 38 years, Beverly Natoli, begged to be allowed
  to service another sexually. 
Please Mistress Natasha, let me eat your beautiful twat, it will make me
  so happy to bring that passion hole to climax. 
And with that outpouring, Natasha was ready to let Bev dine. 
Now listen whore, this is all about your servicing of me, as with all my
  whores, I don't give a shit about them and could care less about them. And
  you have to know that I could care less about you, Natasha said, but one
  thing I know about lesbo sluts is that while they are servicing their mistress,
  they've got to be kept sexually turned on and, if possible, their passion and
  unbridled lust has to be increased so their service will be even better. So,
  while you are eating me out  and believe me I'm going to guide you since this
  is your first twat feast  you are to masturbate yourself, play with yourself
  as that's the only relief you are going to get around me, I won't even touch
  your pussy with my foot. So while you are eating me out, play with yourself
  beginning now. 
Bev was relieved that her mistress would allow her some stimulation while
  she performed cunnilingus for the first time, it would help keep her focused
  on the wild lust she felt at this moment. And, she thought, keep that lust
  burning, not allowing her to think. She remembered the chant Natasha had given
  her. Thinking is the lust killer, so Bev didn't think, she began to dine on
  young twat and she found that Natasha was right, the lust began burning hotter
  and hotter as she tasted vulva for the first time. 
Natasha slowly repositioned Bev's face, guiding it by the older woman's ears,
  until her mother's mouth came to rest directly underneath her vagina. 
Now, slut, stick your tongue out and stick it in my hole, Natasha said. There,
  that's perfect with your tongue in your mistress' vagina, now wiggle it around
  and taste my juices flowing. 
And flowing Natasha was as her lust built. She looked down and gazed into
  her mother's eyes. Now here's something I've always wanted to do, Natasha mused,
  spit into a cunt eater's face as she dines on me. Natasha filled her mouth
  with saliva and then pursed her lips and let go with a flow of saliva, watching
  the spit drop between her exquisite breasts to land on her latest slut's face.
  She watched as the saliva slid towards her mother's eyes. 
Leave the eyes open slut, Natasha said. I want to see my spit in your eyes. Natasha
  simply didn't care about any discomfort her mother might feel with the saliva
  in her open eyes. 
That's great, thought Natasha, I really love defiling these cunts as they
  express their love for me. It made no difference to the young girl that this cunt'
  was her own mother. 
Then Natasha cranked on her mother's ears with both hands, bringing her face
  up to her outsized clit, clearly visible sticking out between her labia and
  headed for her mother's mouth. Now, eat that clit and make me come, Natasha
  said. 
Bev's lips and mouth covered the huge clitoris, swollen with passion. Bev
  gummed the sex organ, chewed it, tongued it and tantalized it into a stunning
  orgasm for Natasha. And the whole while, Beverly continued jacking herself
  off, but Natasha warned her not to cum until she had permission. 
I'm very multi-orgasmic and I'm going to work off quite a few orgasms using
  your mouth and face, but I don't want you cumming until I'm sure it won't slow
  down your passion or it won't matter because I'm done, Natasha said. 
Natasha wanted to go for more orgasms, but she also wanted to punish her mother's
  face a little in the process so she grabbed Bev by the hair and pulled her
  down towards the ground. 
I want to ride your face for a while now whore, Natasha asserted. there,
  let me settle that twat you love so much right on your face and I'll ride myself
  to orgasm heaven. 
Once she had Beverly on her back, Natasha mashed her cunt down hard on the
  older whore's face, holding her by the hair and grinding her pubes right into
  slut's facial features. Natasha ground her cunt into the all-too-willing face
  of her latest sex slave, with Bev continuing to jack herself off the whole
  time. Both females broke out in sweats, sweats of high passion and lust. Natasha
  continued to ride her mother's face for more than an hour, bringing herself
  to a half dozen cums and, finally, at the end she gave her slut mother permission
  to cum as well. By that time, Beverly was lost in sexual hunger and when she
  finally came, her body literally shook for five minutes as she experienced
  the most fulfilling orgasm she had ever known. And, as Natasha had known, the
  encounter had left her a confirmed run muncher, ready to eat Natasha any time
  the teen domme felt the urge. Natasha, of course, had much more perverse plans
  for Bev than just allowing her to snack on her snatch. 
But for now, it was enough, Natasha had turned her mother into a lesbian slut
  and that was almost enough for today, but not quite. Natasha wanted her mother
  to know that she had fully sunk into the depths of degeneracy, that she was
  not only a lesbian, but a sick perverted whore who had just brought her own
  daughter to numerous delightful sexual releases. 
So she decided to stick the knife in. 
Remember those lines I was feeding you before you agreed to become my sexual
  slave, Natasha said. 
Yes, said her mother. 
Remember how I told you it was a natural progression and how it was only
  cunt meat, twat flesh and such. 
Well, it was all bullshit, absolute fucking bullshit, designed for only one
  purpose and that was to get you to listen to the sexual cravings that were
  racking your body and it worked. But the bottom line is that you are not only
  a lesbian, but a sick queer who eats the twat of her own daughter, Natasha
  said. I can't let you go on thinking that it's anything but what it is, you
  are involved in incest and you are the whore of your child, sickly devoted
  to a girl who sprang from your own loins. Welcome to the world of Natasha's
  perversions. 

Natasha eight


Actually, it should be called Beverly ate


By Will Adams


Thirty-eight-year-old Beverly Natoli saw the dark-brown turd exiting her
mistress's rectum and she was struck by and admired its perfection.

The manure roll, which she would be consuming shortly, was faultlessly
formed, about an inch and a half in diameter, with ridges indicating where
it had laid a few moments earlier in her domme's digestive tract.  The scat
tootsie roll was in one way disgusting, but in another it was gloriously
beautiful, perfectly formed human waste from a beautiful young girl about
to turn her into a shit eating whore for the first time. Yes, Bev was about
to become a lesbian scat whore. The smell of the dung offering was awful,
but also highly arousing to Bev as she laid on her bed looking up at the
shit she was about to consume.  How, Beverly thought, could an object bring
forth such starkly different emotions as repugnance and passion? But in her
heart she knew that the foul smell was also a part of the attraction of
shit.  To perform this appalling service for a teenage girl was a complete
show of submission and it was that acquiescence that Beverly craved.  She
had been yearning for it for some time and now her mistress was showing her
how.  To be utterly under the control of a beautiful young girl to the
point where she would serve as her shit hole, the submission was a powerful
turnon.

How had she come this far down the road of total degradation ?  And how
this quickly?

Beverly was, of course, playing with herself furiously as her mistress had
instructed her to always be doing when she was servicing or about to
service her youthful paramour.  Beverly also took time to notice how
beautiful the young girl's asshole was, even with a shit stick popped out
of it.  Women's assholes are one of the great beauties of the world, she
thought.

And then she heard the voice of her mistress, spewing filth as vile as that
coming from the pretty teenager's rectum.

"Remember you fucking cunt, don't think, thinking is the lust killer, just
go with the lust that is wracking your body now," her mistress said.  "You
know you have been waiting to taste my excrement, do it now and forever
bind yourself to me as one of my totally warped sluts, connected to me
through my shithole.  Just like every other first time shit eater, you can
have doubts, but once you taste that guano, you'll love it, within a very
brief period of time, you'll be begging me for it.  I promise."

Bev knew her mistress was right, just as the young, 13-year-old girl had
been right about everything since Bev first came under her control.

As she waited for the turd roll to arrive at her mouth, Beverly thought
back to the start of her road to sexual humiliation, degradation and
slavery.

Ever since her mistress had uttered those words, "EAT IT BITCH AND BECOME
MY SLAVE," in reference to her twat, Beverly had been hooked.  Hooked on
the twat of her own daughter.  Yes, Beverly's mistress was her 13-year-old
daughter, the haughty lesbian dominatrix Natasha Natoli.  That had been
only two weeks ago.

After Natasha had blistered her mother verbally, calling her a sick queer
pervert, Natasha had climbed into her mother's bed, languidly spread her
legs and welcomed her mother to continue her dining treat.  And Bev, though
her face had been ridden hard by Natasha for the past hour, complied,
crawling between the young wench's legs and licking her to another 10
orgasms over the next two hours.  From time to time while Bev ate Natasha,
the girl pulled her mother's hair so hard Bev thought it would come out by
the roots.  Natasha had a real mean streak and loved hurting her sex slaves
while they were pleasuring her.  She felt it made their perverted
relationships all the nastier as the sluts never let up in their attention
while she inflicted pain.  Natasha's favorite punishment was taking the
pliers to her slut Amber Harris' nipples while Amber ate her shit.

Then both Natasha and her mother fell asleep and they awoke the next
morning in the same position, with Bev's face resting on Natasha's thigh,
close to her cooze hole.  As Natasha awoke, she immediately started in on
the verbal humiliation.

"Well mother, you sure made a pig of yourself over that twat, it was twat
that you liked to have it called, wasn't it?" she said.  "Geez, I've been
eaten by some real pussy whores, but you can top them all, I never have
seen a lesbian slut so hungry for cunt.  Well, you are going to get your
fill of pussy from here on out, whenever I say eat, you are to get between
my legs and orally service me.

"Now get your sorry lesbian slut ass out of bed and make me some breakfast,
I'll be down in a few minutes."

When Natasha arrived downstairs, her mother had made some eggs, hash browns
and toast and was waiting further orders from her new owner.  Natasha
simply ignored her and started eating.  Her mother stood dumbly by her
side, still waiting for instructions from her youthful mistress.  But
Natasha just ignored her until she was done with her breakfast.  She then
instructed her mother to be seated.

Natasha seated herself with one foot on the chair she was sitting on,
clearly displaying her sexy genitalia to her mother as she spoke to her.

"You know mother we've just started our relationship, there are many other
perverse steps I have in mind for you," Natasha said.  "Would you like to
hear about some of them."

Her mother responded, "To be honest Natasha, I've gone about as far as I
can handle and I'd just like to leave it as my serving you orally."

Natasha shook her head.

"No, no, no mother, you can't stop at just sucking my twat, you've miles to
go down perversity alley before you can rest.  For example, come over here
and I want you to get to know my breasts."

Bev did lust on those magnificent tits and once at Natasha's side, she got
to her knees, a position she was to learn to love over the coming months.

"Now mother, look at those tits and tell me you want to stop learning to
love me," Natasha told her slut mother.  And Natasha smiled as her mother
brought her mouth to the mouth-watering breasts and began to lave them with
her tongue.  "That's it sweetie, love those tits just like you are going to
learn to love all parts of me."

Natasha kept after her mother virtually non-stop for the next few days,
introducing her mother to everything from licking her underarms to
inserting most of the girl's foot into her mother's oral cavity.  After
nearly four days of continual sexing, Natasha decided it was time to
introduce a new wrinkle, the first of the bathroom games.

"You know mother," Natasha said, "some of my whores ^? and you are
certainly now totally in that category play special little games with me,
but wait, you haven't yet expressed your undying love for me and told me
what you are.  Now without any prompting from me, tell me just what a slut
you are."

Bev took a deep breath and launched into what she thought her mistress
wanted.

"Dear Mistress Natasha, you are the love of my life and as you have told me
I am a queer and a pervert since you are not only my Mistress and Owner,
but also my daughter.  I have accepted you as my Owner and I'm proud to be
allowed to service you sexually, no matter how much of a deviant weirdo I
am," Bev finished.

"Very good mother and now back to the games, they are called water sports,
but they aren't really about water, they are about urine, my golden piss
and my whores drink it, wash their faces in it, bath in it if I have enough
and I just think you don't know what you are missing."

Bev blushed furiously at the suggestion that she should join Natasha's
other whores in glugging down her daughter's golden nectar.  She also
decided it was time to put her foot down.

"Absolutely not Natasha, I have become a total pervert for you, but there
are some things I just won't stoop to and becoming a toilet for you is one
of them," Bev said.

Heh, heh, heh, Natasha thought, we'll see.  I'm not going to mention it
again, but I'll bet she brings it up before sunset tomorrow.

"Suit yourself mother, but you are really missing a treat. According to my
other sluts, I have the piss of a goddess."

Natasha let the subject drop for the moment, but she had indeed planted a
seed with Beverly.  And Beverly could not get the thought out of her mind.
After eating Natasha to a dozen cums that evening and falling asleep in her
crotch, Bev began to think about Natasha's piss.  Did the other women drink
it straight from the source or from a glass, she wondered.  How much did
Natasha piss?  Did the young girl have a huge bladder to match her big clit
and gaping vagina?  Bev fell asleep and dreamed the dreams of the damned,
her head filling with visions of waterfalls of piss, of champagne glasses
filled with Natasha's piss and being hoisted by a room full of subservient
older women.  Bev just could not shake the thoughts of her daughter's
urine.

Bev awoke. The thoughts that Natasha had planted had brewed and, just as
Natasha had expected, Bev brought up the subject of urine.

"You know, I wondered how most of your whores drink your piss, from the
source or from a glass or some other way?" Bev asked her nasty daughter.

"Well the truth is, they have done it just about every way imaginable,"
Natasha said.  "I really like the ones who are creative in the way they
drink it.  Like one of my sluts freezes it, making ice cubes out of it.
Another uses it as a chaser with vodka.  Still another likes to drink it
through a straw, creating burps which bring the taste of the piss back up
her throat and into her mouth and nostrils.

"Most of the whores, however, like to drink it from the source, straight
out of my pussy."

Bev told Natasha she thought she was right.

"I would like to partake of your piss, everything else about you is goddess
like so why wouldn't your piss be the same?", Bev asked rhetorically.

"No reason at all," Natasha said, "when would you like to taste my
wastewater?  And how?"

"Whenever you are ready Natasha," Bev said, "and as long as I'm going to be
doing it, I'd like to serve as your urinal with you squatting over my face.
The truth is that since you put the idea in my mind I haven't been able to
forget about it.  What's more, I know exactly what this will make me, your
toilet, and Natasha I do want to gain that honor of being one of your human
commodes."

"Well right now seems like a good time," Natasha said, "I haven't gone
since getting up this morning and I've got to take a wicked piss.  Let's do
it right here on your kitchen table.  Why don't you get all your clothes
off and start whacking off while you prepare to take the next step on your
road to degeneracy?  Prepare to become a human toilet for your Mistress."

Bev stripped and clambered up on her own kitchen table, a nude, 38-year-old
woman rapidly sliding into lesbian whore degradation as a sex slave to her
13-year-old daughter.

Natasha followed her onto the table and crouched in a squatting position
over her mother's face.  Bev looked up into her daughter's gorgeous crotch,
eying her outlandishly oversized clitoris and her eyes came to rest on
Natasha's urethra hole, which Natasha had exposed by taking both her hands
and spreading her labia.  The christening of one of Natasha's new human
toilets was almost ready to occur, but Natasha wanted to fill out the
humiliation first.  She looked back over her shoulder to be sure her mother
was still playing with herself, knowing that it was important that her
mother experience an orgasm as she drank piss for the first time so she
would become hooked on it.

"So now Mom, it's not enough to just drink my urine, you have to beg for
it," Natasha said.  "Your begging will not only make me interested in using
you for this foul purpose, but to complete your own deviance in this
piss-drinking arena, you'll find that begging makes it seem even nastier
and it will increase your own sexual pleasure.  So beg whore!"

Bev was learning quickly how it increased her own lust and lechery to beg
for the abuse.

"Please Mistress Natasha, use me as a human toilet, continue my dive into
lesbian depravity.  Piss in my mouth, please."  When she finished her
monologue, Bev left her mouth wide open.

Natasha was ready and she let her piss out in dribbles, watching as it fell
from her body into her mother's mouth.  She loved watching the lascivious
display of her mother being turned into a toilet.  After watching the
dribbles, she was ready to turn on her faucet and she prepared to warn Bev,
but first she looked back to ensure that Bev was still whacking off her
cunt.  Good, thought Natasha, she'll work herself up to an orgasm while I
piss down her throat, hooking her forever on drinking lesbian urine.

"Ok whore, here comes the flood," Natasha said.  "All of my piss whores
tell me this urine flow is the strongest they have ever received.

Bev, who by this time was lost in a fog of sexual lunacy, braced for the
flow.  And Natasha didn't keep her waiting, the golden piss came flooding
out of her and Bev thought she was on the business end of a fire hose, so
strong was the flow.  The blast of piss immediately filled Bev's mouth and
overflowed, running down the sides of her face, into her ears and onto the
kitchen table.  No matter how rapidly Beverly swallowed, she couldn't keep
up, but she tried gamely.  The sound of the urine splattering in her toilet
of a mouth, her playing with herself, the taste and smell of urine and the
gorgeous vision of her daughter crouching over her face all combined to
send Beverly into a wave of orgasms.  As cum after cum washed over her, Bev
thought `Why haven't I been doing this before?  Why have I held back, this
is sex at its best, at its highest level of intensity.  Never in all my
years of sexing with men did I ever approach this level of passion and
salaciousness.  Gawd, she can use me as a toilet any time if I can only get
one percent of the sexual rush I'm now feeling.'

The flood of young girl urine went on for three minutes and climax after
climax wracked Bev's overheated body.  Finally, the flow ended and Beverly
basked in having her mouth taste like piss while her body was bathed with
the after effects of climax heaven.

Natasha could see the lust glazed eyes looking up at her and she knew that
her mother was in sexual paradise.  The girl gloated in this latest
conquest of her whore mother.

"I told you piss whore that you'd love it, why did you wait, you subslut,"
Natasha queried.

And now, as another inch of Natasha's slimy turd slid toward her mouth,
Beverly thought how easy it had been to go from piss drinking straight to
shit eating.

In fact, it had been Bev's idea to have her daughter turn her into a
lesbian scat whore.  The subject was first broached the day after Bev had
learned to drink urine, after Natasha had used her as a toilet five times.

"You know Natasha, you haven't mentioned scat and I was wondering why,"
Beverly said.

"I figured that sooner or later you'd get around to begging me for a sweet
colon entre," Natasha said.  "I've got too many whores randy for my
bowel cuisine to worry about whether or not you want any."

"I don't know how to say this, but I do Natasha," Beverly was surprised to
hear herself say."

"Again, why not right now, I have to take a big shit so where do you want
it?" Natasha said.

Beverly said right from the source since it had appealed so much to her
before when she was learning to be a piss slut.  She told Natasha that
she'd become her shit slut wherever Natasha decided it would be done.

Natasha quickly settled on her mother's bed.

"That way," Natasha said, "every time you go to bed, you'll be reminded
that it was there that you first ate my shit."

Without hesitation, they were both in position, Beverly nude and playing
with her pussy and Natasha hovering over her, about to take a shit in her
mother's mouth.

And now there was no more time for thinking, time only to try to ingest and
digest the huge guano meal that was heading straight toward her mouth.

And Beverly knew that Natasha was right, now was not the time to think,
thinking would only kill the lust that was again wracking her body as she
became a full human toilet, now not only for the girl mistress' piss, but
also for her excrement.

The turd stopped descending and Natasha told Beverly to stick her tongue
out and lick it.  Like the sexual automaton that Beverly had become, she
complied and for the first time in her life, a part of her mouth touched
shit.  And she liked it.  Continuing to play with herself, she found that
she really liked running her tongue over the waste tube hanging from her
daughter's butt hole.  She smiled as she realized how well her daughter
knew her; knew her own mother's appetite for sexual degradation and
wantonness.  Beverly continued to float her tongue over the crude crap
hanging from her daughter's rear end.

"Ready to eat it mother?" Natasha asked.

"Yes", was the only word Beverly uttered before lifting her head off the
bed and pushing her head upward, took six inches of the turd into her
mouth.  As the foul taste and smells swamped her perverse world, Beverly
orgasmed, a sure sign she had fully entered the world of lesbian scat
consumption.  She bit off the turd piece and began to chew, the butt treat
overwhelming her taste buds again and sending her into paroxysms of sexual
bliss as ripple after ripple of ecstasy grabbed her body.

Natasha told Beverly to swallow and her mother obeyed, chugging down the
thick brown soup into her stomach.  Natasha then wagged her butt and the
remaining shit tube plopped out of her asshole and landed on her mother's
face.

"Pick it up whore and handle it, the shit that you love so much," Natasha
screamed.  And, of course, Beverly did, holding the poop roll and admiring
it fully, then she jammed it into her mouth and began to chew.

After Beverly had chewed the foul meal, Natasha told her to open her mouth.

"Kewl," Natasha purred, "I love seeing your mouth filled with that brown
slime that I just shit out.  It's gross and you're a sick pervert and I
love to abuse you.  Now swallow that crap and maybe I'll give you more
later."











Natasha part 9

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-06-21T16:16:00Z
  2006-06-21T16:16:00Z
  1
  4769
  27185
   
  226
  63
  31891
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Natasha
part 9

&nbsp;

Thirty-three-year-old
Amber Harris' downward descent delving into

degradation
and depravity was very pleasing to her 13-year-old Mistress,

Natasha
Natoli. Natasha didn't care at all about
her sluts, but she loved

it
when they completely whored themselves out to please her. Her pleasure

was
really the only thing in the world that mattered.

&nbsp;

Since
accepting the beating and serving as the slut at the lesbian scat

picnic,
Amber's progress into perversion was speeding up. She had told her

husband
about her new owner -- Natasha Natoli -- and had, as promised, moved

into
her own apartment, leaving her two teenage daughters in the custody of

her
stupid shit of a husband. She had also
told her husband she was forming

a
new group called Natasha's Whores -- the name was her own idea -- and that

she
wanted to completely serve the young teenage goddess. The stupid fuck

was,
of course, completely dumbfounded, unable to comprehend how his

once-loving
wife had gone off the deep end for the young Natasha. The

stupid
husband could, however, see how attractive Natasha was and came to

grips
with the change in his life as best he could.

&nbsp;

Amber
had also replaced the two crude paper clip nipple piercings Natasha

had
installed. In their place were two pure
gold, one-inch nipple rings and

each
had a charm hanging from it. On one was
engraved &quot;Natasha's Whore&quot; and

on
the other &quot;Natasha's Shit Eater&quot;.
Natasha had also taken Amber to a

nasty
tattoo artist she had learned about and had a nude likeness of herself

tattooed
onto Amber's shapely upper left arm. On
Amber's lower back, but

high
enough to always show above a bikini bottom, Natasha had instructed the

artist
to tattoo on the words &quot;I am Natasha Natoli's Shit Eater&quot;, marking

Amber
forever as her hopeless slut. The
tattoo also included a caricature

of
Natasha taking a full dump in Amber's mouth.
Natasha was impressed with

how
life-like the tattoo was and liked it that the woman taking the shit had

&quot;Natasha&quot;
marked on her and the recipient of the shit feast had &quot;Amber&quot; on

her. And Amber didn't object for a second,
remembering the beating she had

received
the last time she had decided to challenge Natasha's control over

her. In payment for the tattoo work, Natasha had
told Amber to eat out the

diesel
dyke artist. The bull dyke shimmied off
her jeans and exposed her

heavy
legs and full, black-haired bush.
Natasha pushed Amber down by her

head
and said, &quot;Eat it whore.&quot;
Amber, on her knees, dived into the lushly

haired
box, using her nose to move the heavy woman's bush hair aside and

expose
her clit. Amber homed in on the clit
meat and began lipping and

tonguing
it, bringing the artist to a quick climax.
On the way home,

Natasha
congratulated Amber on the fine job she had done eating the pussy of

the
overweight tattoo artist.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
better get used to eating twat like that because I'm going to be

actually
turning you into a whore so you can make money for me,&quot; Natasha

said. &quot;I figure a good looking pussy like you
can earn a pretty penny for

me
eating the bushes of fat women, I think I'll have you specialize in

whoring
with fat girls. Oh yeah, it's too
exciting, a thin, good-looking

blonde
like yourself, eating and whoring out as a sex slave to fat girls.

Toooooo
delicious.&quot;

&nbsp;

That's
when the idea hit her of having each of her whores specialize in a

particular
type of lady. Amber would handle fat
girls, Alice Burns could

handle
African-Americans, Candy Jeffe would handle senior citizen women and

so
forth. What a great idea, Natasha
congratulated herself.

&nbsp;

Amber
never batted an eye. Anything, she
thought, just to be around the

delightful
Natasha.

&nbsp;

Natasha
was also proceeding quite nicely in building her nasty domain as

well. She had starred in three more scat movies in
the Natasha Series --

`Natasha
-- shitting on the librarian and her daughter';
`Natasha -- shitting

on
her teacher'; and `Natasha -- shitting on her own mother.' All three had

been
huge revenue producers and Natasha had pocketed $50,000 each for the

librarian
and teacher movies and $100,000 for the movie starring her whore

of
a mother. Natasha also continued to
regularly visit The Litter Box and

had
captured another dozen or so shit whores who were devotees of her

perverse
lifestyle.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Amber
had also made good on her promise to round up other closet lesbians to

worship
at the altar of Natasha's charms. It had been easy to find these

waiting
sluts. All Amber had to do was attend
various high school events

with
her 15 and 16-year-old daughters and watch the housewives whose eyes

lingered
a little too long -- and longingly -- on the fresh young tits and

private
parts of the teenagers. It was easy to
see the pent up lust in the

eyes
of these potential whores. Some of them
were just so shameless in

lusting
on the young girl's legs, asses and tits.
Capturing the first whore

had
been ridiculously easy.

&nbsp;

Olivia
Smith was her name and Amber told Natasha that she had discovered

Olivia's
secret yearnings over coffee at the local Starbucks. Olivia told

Natasha
that once she got to know her a little better; the 39-year-old woman

confessed
that she had lost interest in sex with her husband and had grown

increasingly
interested and intrigued by young women and the thought of

serving
as a slave to a dominant one. Amber
continued that after Olivia's

sharing,
Amber told her that she had also taken a young, teenage lover.

&nbsp;

Amber
never saw the slap coming from Natasha as they sat in Amber's

apartment. Natasha repeatedly bitch slapped the older
woman until her

cheeks
had turned a bright red.

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen
whore, and listen well, I am not YOUR lover, YOU are MY slave, let

me
remind you again that I don't give a fuck about you and that you exist

only
to service me,&quot; Natasha bellowed.
&quot;Now continue with the story, but

don't
ever call us lovers, the only love going on here is your love for my

stinking
ass loafs, which you can never seem to get enough of.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
please forgive me again Mistress Natasha, I didn't mean to imply

anything
that isn't, I just thought it would make her feel more comfortable

in
talking about her desires so I could deliver her for you, please forgive

me,&quot;
Amber wailed.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
are forgiven,&quot; Natasha allowed.
&quot;Now tell me more.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,&quot;
Amber continued, &quot;she's still married but she sleeps in a separate

bedroom. Her husband owns a string of fast food
restaurants and they are

very
wealthy. Olivia drives a big Mercedes SL
class sports car and she's

really
a looker, even at 39 years old.'

&nbsp;

&quot;Go
on,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
she told me that for a number of years she has really had the hots

for
young girls, well-built young girls,&quot; Amber said. &quot;She just doesn't

know
how to approach it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We
can help her,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;have her over here tomorrow morning and

tell
her she can meet your young `lover', but don't dare call me your lover

in
front of her. Once she's here, have her
sit in the kitchen and tell her

I'm
upstairs. Then I'll come down the stairs
nude and before you can say

`snatch
snack', I'll have her on her knees eating my cunt.&quot;

&nbsp;

Amber
didn't think it would be that easy, but she knew better than to

question
Natasha, and actually better than to doubt her.

&nbsp;

By
the way, Natasha asked, what does she look like?

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
a bleached blonde, bit tits, long legs and flat stomach, and quite

pretty,&quot;
Amber said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,&quot;
Natasha said, &quot;you know I like to crap in blonde's mouths, it shows

them
for the sluts they are.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Did
you mention scat activities to her,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

Amber
indicated that she had tried to turn the conversation around to more

perverted
topics, but that Olivia had balked and not wanted to discuss such

foul
subjects at all.

&nbsp;

&quot;She
said she never understood how people could get excited about urine and

other
bodily fluids,&quot; Amber said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Again,
mark my words, I'll have her begging for my shit within a week,&quot;

Natasha
concluded.

&nbsp;

Olivia
was a pretty unhappy woman and so when she got the call from Amber to

meet
Amber's young slut, she accepted immediately.
Although she had no

plan,
she figured the meeting would at least feed her masturbation

fantasies. She wondered how young Amber's lover
was. Her own fantasies ran

to
young teenagers and it was really turning her beaver on to think about a

young
girl making it with Amber. She drove over to Amber's house in her SL

class
Mercedes Benz and arrived at the time suggested: 8 a.m.

&nbsp;

Amber
ushered her into the kitchen and Olivia asked where the young girl

was.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
upstairs,&quot; Amber said, &quot;she's just waking up.&quot;

&nbsp;

As
Amber finished speaking, the beautiful Natasha walked into the room with

the
tousled-hair look of a slut who's just woken after an exciting evening

in
the sack. As usual, when older whores
got their first glimpse of the

alluring
young girl, Olivia's breath was taken away with the young girl's

beauty.

&nbsp;

Natasha
didn't say a word, having carefully scripted what was about to

happen
in her mind and knowing the new slut Olivia would be even more turned

on
if no words were exchanged as she ended up on her knees eating Natasha's

twat.

&nbsp;

Natasha
strolled over to an empty chair at the kitchen table and hiked up

one
of her legs on the seat, brazenly displaying her sex to both older

women. Then she crooked her finger at Amber and
pointed to her pussy.

Amber,
ever the slut, crawled on her knees to a spot right in front of the

lewdly
displayed young girl genitalia. Just
before Amber plunged her face

into
the sexy teenager's box, Natasha slapped her hard across the chin,

creating
the loud noise of bone on bone contact as Natasha's fist collided

with
Amber's chin in the silent kitchen and stunning Amber. But Amber

stopped
and Olivia looked on with open mouth.
Olivia was stunned by the

young
girl's beauty and her obvious power over her friend Amber. Natasha

noticed
that the violent contact had really hurt Amber and would bring to

the
surface a wonderful bruise as testament to her hold on Amber's piece of

shit
life.

&nbsp;

Then
Natasha crooked her finger in the direction of Olivia and again pointed

at
her pussy. Olivia balked and Natasha
repeated the gestures, thinking

privately
to herself that the insubordination Olivia had shown would have to

be
dealt with later.

&nbsp;

Olivia
didn't delay the second time and, following Amber's lead and her own

fantasies,
crawled over to the naked Natasha. Young
Natasha was sure that

Olivia
would immediately begin to chow down if she so indicated. But nasty

Natasha
(she liked the ring of that phrase) wanted to have some other fun to

keep
herself on the edge first.

&nbsp;

So,
holding up one open palm in the direction of Amber, indicating the shit

slut
should just retain her position, Natasha sat down with her legs splayed

lewdly
and wide so Olivia could get a very clear view of her cunt and

clitoris
and all of her other private parts as well.
Then Natasha lifted

one
naked foot off the ground and placed her toes in front of Olivia's face.

 She took her big toe and pried open Olivia's
lips and then ran her toe

over
the older woman's teeth, urging her to open her mouth and accept the

offering
of allowing Olivia to shrimp her. Olivia
complied. A little too

easy
Natasha thought, as the older woman thoroughly bathed her feet with her

oral
cavity. Natasha let the foot worship
continue for three or four

minutes
and then slowly withdrew her foot from Olivia's mouth. She then

climbed
up on the table and spread her legs wide and pointed to her cunt,

which
was by now inflamed with passion. Amber
remained on her knees

watching
the smutty tableau unfold in front of her.

&nbsp;

Olivia,
still fully clothed, lowered her face to Natasha's neatly trimmed

bush
and prepared to make oral love to her gash.
Just before she did,

Natasha
thought again how she never tired of watching a new woman eat her

cunt. And Natasha continued her silent reverie, I'm
really going to love

shitting
in this pretty woman's mouth. And as
Olivia's face got closer to

her
crack, Amber leaned in and whispered in Olivia's ear, just as Natasha

had
told her to.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mistress
Natasha likes to have her cunt eaters play with themselves while

eating
her out or while servicing her in any fashion,&quot; Amber said into

Olivia's
ear.

&nbsp;

Olivia,
who by now was on sexual fire, reached under her dress and started

slowly
frigging herself, wondering why she hadn't thought of that herself as

a
means of relief. Natasha was pleased
knowing that Olivia would get off

while
sucking her cunt. And suck the cunt
Olivia was going to do. She

looked
at the youthful cunt and remembered that she had sometimes referred

to
pussy as Homemade Slit Pie, pie that Olivia was going to dine fully on.

Her
wantonness was growing by the moment as she feasted her eyes first on

Natasha's
nether lips, pussy with her inner lips hanging down and Natasha's

thick
clit sticking up, calling Olivia's name with its silent, immoral

voice.

&nbsp;

As
soon as she was underway playing with herself, Olivia's head again began

the
descent towards Natasha's piece of Nirvana.
Her lips reached Natasha's

mons
and she began gently kissing it, trying to appear to have some control

over
her raging emotions. But Olivia couldn't
keep up the charade for long,

she
had itched for young cunt for far too long and she was about to make a

pig
out of herself. And Natasha had to do no
more than hold her right hand

at
the rear of Olivia's head to keep the pussy pig eagerly in her place.

&nbsp;

Olivia
loosed her passion on the young girl's honey box, placing her lips

around
the girl's clit and sucking away on it.
Once in her mouth, the sex

gland
drove Olivia to ever higher levels of sexual animalism. She felt the

slick
tube of sex flesh and coaxed it toward a climax with her lips, tongue

and
teeth. For this orgasm, Natasha decided
she didn't have to wait long

and
she let her cum burst forth on her and she felt the sexual joy of coming

on
an older woman's tongue as the sex fever burst over her.

&nbsp;

Then
Natasha grabbed Olivia's thick full hair and pulled the woman's sucking

mouth
off her snatch. She had hardly had
enough pussy lapping, however, and

she
gripped Olivia's long blonde hair and roughly pulled the new slut's head

to
the floor. Natasha was determined to
give her face a full cunt fuck.

Young
Natasha was in a mood to ride Olivia's face hard and -- between

Olivia's
saliva and Natasha's leaking cunt -- wet.
Natasha sat on the

39-year-old
woman's face and was gratified that she still had to say nothing

as
the whore's tongue came out to service her.
Natasha was pleased that

Olivia
was still playing with herself and she could tell that Olivia had

shuddered
through a few cums already.

&nbsp;

And
so Natasha rode another whore's face, grinding her fabulous pussy into

the
face of her latest servant. After an
hour of riding the slut's face,

Natasha
released her grip on the blonde's hair and stood up carefully, still

glowing
with the sexual satiation of the totally fulfilled. Natasha lazily

plopped
herself down and gazed through sex-fogged eyes at Olivia lying in

front
of her. Amber remained on her knees
waiting to see what would happen

next.

&nbsp;

Natasha
decided it was time to speak.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
whore Olivia, did you get enough twat to fulfill your sick, perverted

fantasies?&quot;
Natasha asked.

&nbsp;

Olivia,
from the prone position, croaked, &quot;I loved it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
are now one of Natasha's whores and I'll leave it to Amber to explain

more
about that later. But right now, I must
tell you that once I have had

a
dozen or so orgasms as I just did, I am in a mood to take a shit,&quot; Natasha

said. &quot;And, how would you like it if I took a
shit in your mouth?&quot;

&nbsp;

Olivia
shot straight up.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
did you say?&quot; she blurted out.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
asked you how you would like it if I took a shit in your mouth?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;My
god Natasha, I have just thoroughly enjoyed lapping your private parts,

making
oral love to your beautiful cunny, but I'd never do something foul

like
what you have suggested, it's gross and disgusting and how did a young

woman
like yourself ever learn about such a subject?&quot; Olivia said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
I've had plenty of older nasty women teach me how filthy and obscene

they
can be. You see I'm a lesbian scat queen
and you're about to become

one
of my subjects,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

Never,
never, repeated Olivia.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
on now Olivia, ask Amber about it, she laps that brown slime up, don't

you
Amber,&quot; Natasha shot a meaningful glance at Amber.

&nbsp;

Amber
piped right up.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
oh yes, Olivia, I'm one of the devoted subjects of Natasha's shit

queen
realm, I eat her feces every chance I get and I can never get enough,&quot;

Amber
said as Natasha realized how much she loved the shit whore that Amber

had
become.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
I can tell you it's not for me and I'm leaving now, the two of you

can
live in your shit heaven if you want, but it's not for me,&quot; Olivia said

as
she started to get up and leave.

&nbsp;

&quot;Just
hold on a moment,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;you'll find that my world is a

little
like the Eagles song, you can check out, but you can never leave. I

had
hoped you would come to accept your status as a shit slut on your own,

but
if you can't, you force me to play a heavy hand. You see if you don't

agree
to lay down and become my toilet, then I'm afraid I'll have to call

the
police and report you as a child rapist -- and count on me in this

regard,
Amber will back me up and testify about how you seduced me, ate me

and
did it all against my will -- and we'll also send a few photos -- you

apparently
didn't see Amber snapping pics as you ate away -- to your husband,

I'm
sure he'd like that.

&nbsp;

&quot;So
get with the program, strip your clothes off, lie on your back and enjoy

becoming
a toilet for a teenage girl. Just like
all my other scat whores, I

promise
you that you will come to love it, that you'll soon be begging me

for
those brown turds. You'll be having
dreams about my sphincter opening

up
and turning your stomach into a sewer.&quot;

&nbsp;

Olivia
paused, not sure of how to react. She
glanced at Amber, who said,

&quot;She's
right Olivia, I'll back her up and those pictures of you with your

tongue
up her snatch are securely stored in a safe in my room. Give into

the
filth, I know you'll come to love and adore her shit rolls.&quot;

&nbsp;

Olivia
couldn't see a way out and she began to cry.
Natasha loved it.

&nbsp;

&quot;Take
off your clothes whore and begin to diddle yourself and prepare that

mouth
to be royally browned by my stinking shit,&quot; Natasha said. &quot;Hell, I'm

having
to blackmail you into this and in reality you should be paying me.

In
fact, you will be paying me shortly as the first time you beg for it, it

will
cost you a pretty penny. Remember this
time that you got it for free

because
it will likely be the last time without paying for it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Olivia
saw no way out, and she began to strip.
Pretty good body for a

39-year-old,
Natasha thought.

&nbsp;

Tears
were freely flowing down Olivia's face as she finished stripping and

Natasha
reminded her to start to play with herself.
Olivia started to

mechanically
paddle the pink canoe.

&nbsp;

&quot;Faster
whore, my bowels are starting to move from drinking coffee and your

turd
meal is ready, I want you turned on when I dump in your mouth,&quot; Natasha

said.

&nbsp;

Olivia
kept up playing with herself and despite her fear and dread, she did

start
to get excited, mostly from looking at delightful Natasha's velvety,

nude
body. She laid down as instructed and
then saw Natasha stand over her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Look
up at the body of your goddess, a few moments ago, you thought you

were
in twat heaven, but there is a price to be paid for that pleasure and

the
price is complete submission to my will.
If you won't go along with it,

then
I will have to take this route of forcing you.
Prepare to eat,&quot;

Natasha
said. &quot;Open your sewer of a mouth
and learn your destiny.&quot;

&nbsp;

Olivia,
still fiddling her clitoris and beginning to feel a sexual buzz,

opened
her mouth, tears still streaming down her face, running her mascara.

Again,
Natasha loved the look of her latest whore, filled with the fear of

becoming
a toilet.

&nbsp;

Natasha
crouched and got comfortable with her rectum only a few inches above

Olivia's
mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
watch it as it comes out, your fate is to be my toilet, learn to love

it
and it will be easier,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

Despite
the urging of the young temptress, Olivia was not convinced and not

ready
to be a toilet. She figured she would
try to perform as demanded to

avoid
the embarrassment and danger of jail over a prosecution for

pedophilia.

&nbsp;

She
looked up at Natasha's beautiful body and the stirrings in her cunt grew

more
pronounced, only the thought of what she was about to become held her

loose
with a thunderous fart that splattered some foul and loose guano over

her
lips and tongue. The disgusting smell
and taste caused her to retch and

she
felt for a moment that she would vomit, but Natasha cautioned her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
you dare puke you fucking piece of shit,&quot; Natasha said, &quot;you are

about
to be fed one of the true delights of the world, Natasha's shit and to

puke
would show extreme disrespect for her lovely bowel fruit. And, if you

puke,
you'll only have to swallow all that mess as well or face the law and

the
wrath of your husband.&quot;

&nbsp;

Natasha
told Amber to get out the digital camera and take a few more photos

as
her shit slid out of her colon and into the older woman's mouth. Amber,

of
course, took far more than necessary, knowing she would take some of them

later
into her masturbation fantasies.

&nbsp;

&quot;Those
photographs will come in handy to keep you bound to me while you

learn
to become a shit-loving whore,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

And
then, suddenly and without further warning, Olivia saw a firm turd begin

to
creep out of Natasha's shitter. Olivia
simply couldn't believe the turn

of
events. One minute she was living her
dream of snacking on the pussy of

a
young girl and the next she was lying beneath the girl, waiting to be used

as
a flesh-and-blood toilet. She gazed in
horror as the scat log eased out

of
Natasha's body and into Olivia's body.
Olivia simply held her mouth open

as
the thick guano roll pushed forward into her mouth. The stench, the

awful
taste and the sickness devastated her and she left the foul treat from

Natasha
in her mouth. This was only a small scat
treat, approximately four

inches
long and Natasha rose and looked down at her newest toilet, proud of

her
handiwork.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
chew it you fucking shithole, chew my glorious excrement and fully

become
one of Natasha's toilets,&quot; young Natasha spat out. &quot;Look at you

laying
there with my rotting turd in your mouth when only seconds ago it was

decaying
in my colon. You're still playing with
yourself even though your

dung
meal is revolting to you and you are disgusted with the thought of what

you
have become.

&nbsp;

&quot;When
you came in here this morning, I bet you never thought you'd be lying

here,
playing with your cunt with a decomposing, stinking turd deposited in

your
mouth. Now you slimy ass whore, eat it,
start to move your jaws, chomp

down
on that filth with your teeth and turn that guano into a brown slime

soup
so you can swallow it.&quot;

&nbsp;

It
took a Herculean effort but Olivia began to move her jaws, her teeth

slicing
through the shit pipe in her mouth. The
disgust and revolt with

herself
were counter balanced by the passion flowing out of her pussy as she

diddled
herself. Natasha, though young, was very
wise in the ways of

turning
a slut into a shit eater.

&nbsp;

After
two minutes of chewing, the waste in her mouth had become shit soup.

Natasha
looked down at what she had wrought.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
swallow my shit,&quot; Natasha said and the beautiful and depraved young

girl
smiled as Olivia's upper and lower lips touched, sealing the shit slop

in
her oral nook. Natasha knew the
degradation of Olivia was complete as

she
saw the woman's throat muscles contract as the fecal meal wended its way

down
her esophagus and into her stomach.

&nbsp;

And,
Olivia, who had been steadily playing with her cunny throughout the

shit
pig meal, shuddered into a climax

&nbsp;

Although
one phase of Olivia's initiation into shit eating was complete,

Natasha
wasn't through with her. The young
dominatrix wanted to give Olivia

a
further view of her future as one of Natasha's whores.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
me give you a glimpse into your future,&quot; Natasha said as Olivia slowly

sat
up, conflicted between self loathing from her shit eating experience and

the
after glow of an orgasm brought on by her own hand. &quot;Amber, get in the

position
after you give me the pliers.&quot;

&nbsp;

Amber
handed Natasha the pliers and lay down on her back.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah
Olivia, think about this at night and if you're lucky I'll do this to

you
next time, right after you pay me for my sweet shit,&quot; Natasha said.

&nbsp;

The
young girl ably handled the pliers and began to apply their tips to

Amber's
nipple as she crouched over the shit slut.
She pushed the handles

hard
together and loved the scream that Amber let fly as her nipple was

crushed. Shortly, Natasha could feel resistance as the
tips of the pliers

hit
the ring through the nipple of Amber's right tit. Keeping the pressure

on
and pleased that Natasha was starting to bleed, she told Amber to beg for

her
magnificent shit. And Amber came
through.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
Mistress Natasha, feed me,&quot; Amber pleaded through the pain, &quot;it's

been
over 27 hours since I last tasted your shit, your beloved bowel fruit

and
through my pain and tears, please let me dine on your excrement.&quot;

&nbsp;

And
Natasha granted her wish, pushing hard through her rectum until a solid,

six-inch
turd popped out of her asshole and into Amber's mouth. Amber

merrily
chowed down on the scat offering, just like the female shit disposal

machine
she had become.

&nbsp;

Natasha
was delighted to see Amber's ripped open tit spilling her blood down

the
side of her breast and her body as Amber ate the shit offering Natasha

had
proffered on her. Natasha then repeated
the torture on the other tit as

she
dropped another turd down Amber's throat.
After Amber finished the

double-shit
entr&#65533;e,
Natasha pissed straight down her throat, sending the

entire
filth package to Amber's stomach. Amber
stood up and Natasha was

pleased
to see that the blood was spilling down Amber's tits, her flat and

smooth
stomach toward her mons.

&nbsp;

Olivia
was horrified at the abuse that had been heaped on her friend Amber.

She
had had it and told the other two women she was going to leave.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
okay you fucking cunt, but you'll be back, after the sex fever hits,

let
us know,&quot; Natasha said and with that Olivia dressed and left. She did

come
back, but that's another story.

&nbsp;

The
second bitch housewife was a tougher sell than Olivia had been.

&nbsp;

Her
name was Emma Trace, a 43-year-old socialite married to one of San

Francisco's
wealthiest dotcom billionaires. Amber
had met her at a woman's

support
group and later saw her at the high school cheerleader tryouts.

Amber
sensed a vulnerability in Emma at the woman's group and a raging lust

in
Emma at the cheerleader event.

&nbsp;

Emma
was standing in front of the girls, closeup, with her tongue

practically
hanging out as she lusted on the long, lean legs of the pretty

teenaged
girls. After the tryouts, (both of
Amber's daughters made the

squad
and Emma's daughter did not) Amber asked Emma if she wanted to grab a

cup
of coffee at the nearby Starbucks.
Sitting in the coffee shop, Amber

was
struck by how lonely Emma was. Soon the
conversation turned to how

little
men had to offer women and Amber was again able to work into the

conversation
her relationship with Natasha, being careful not to say they

were
lovers, just had a relationship. Emma
blurted out how erotic she

thought
older women being dommed by teenage girls was.
But, Emma said, I'm

deathly
afraid of such contact, I don't ever want to find myself accused of

pedophilia.

&nbsp;

The
first several suggestions for getting together with Emma and Natasha

were
rejected. Amber suspected that Emma was
avoiding the contact because

she
didn't want to be caught in a compromising situation. Finally, Amber

said
the three should go to a San Francisco Symphony Orchestra performance

and
that Emma could have them driven there in her Cadillac stretch

limousine.

&nbsp;

The
evening of the event arrived and the three were on their way, seated in

the
rear of the limousine, with the two older women seated across from

Natasha.

&nbsp;

Natasha
was fed up with the slow pace at which this hookup (she would never

say
this was a seduction, just a hookup of Emma's face to her body parts)

was
moving and in her usual confident manner launched an aggressive program

to
bring the wealthy Emma Trace to heel.

&nbsp;

Dressed
in an evening gown, Natasha quickly pulled down the top of her dress

dropping
it to her waist, exposing her stunning breasts and hiked up the

bottom
of the gown above her crotch, exposing her perfect body from head to

waist
and from the tops of her high heels to her navel. Mrs. Trace was

shocked. Not so Amber.

&nbsp;

Natasha
again took the offensive, launching a verbal assault on Emma's weak

will,
believing that was the best approach to reeling in the reluctant slut.

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen
you fucking cunt, this is was you're after,&quot; said Natasha as she

shimmied
her dress down over her hips and off her body entirely, ending up

sitting
naked in the back seat of Emma Trace's limousine. Then she further

shocked
Emma by grabbing both of her ankles and pulling her legs as wide

apart
as they could go, with both naked feet ending up on opposite sides of

the
limousine, leaving her beautiful and lightly fuzzed beaver fully

exposed.

&nbsp;

Natasha
then continued, &quot;Let's put this fucking coy bullshit behind us Mrs.

Trace
and get your face into my crotch and eat to your lust's content.&quot;

&nbsp;

Natasha
thought Mrs. Trace's jaw would hit the floor of the limousine as she

continued
to stare at the 13-year-old girl's nude twat in front of her. But

slowly
the lascivious display began to weaken Mrs. Trace's will.

&nbsp;

Natasha
smiled, knowing all too well when an older lesbo was simply

overwhelmed
with sexual ardor. Mrs. Trace was about
to give in to her most

decadent
desires and become one of her sex slaves.

&nbsp;

&quot;All
right, enough fucking delay, you are being offered a wonderful gift,

the
full womanly twat of a young girl for your dining pleasure, now get on

your
knees and eat,&quot; Natasha said.
&quot;You are looking at the cunt of a

goddess,
don't you dare reject it you worthless, filthy fucking turd.&quot;

&nbsp;

And
with that final vocal offensive, Mrs. Trace's resolve crumpled.

&nbsp;

Falling
to her knees, she shuffled over to the spread-eagled teenager, ready

and
eager to eat out the twat of the attractive young woman. By this time

she
was so overheated, there were no niceties and with Natasha's gash spread

wide
by the fact that her ankles were at right angles to one another, Emma

just
dived in and gobbled the girl's twat, bringing her quickly to a climax.

 And Natasha wanted to move quickly to the
next level before Emma got cold

feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well
cunt face, you did a good job on that and you know that after I have a

terrific
climax brought on by an older slut eating my twat, I like to take a

good
shit, so why don't you lay down and meet your fate as my shit hole?&quot;

Natasha
asked.

&nbsp;

Emma
was again horrified and Natasha could see she wouldn't comply without

the
blackmail threat so she repeated the threat she had used on Olivia and

Amber
played along again.

&nbsp;

Before
long, Emma was laying down in the back seat of the limousine, naked

and
playing with her cunt.

&nbsp;

Natasha
loved riding along in the limousine with the wealthy socialite

underneath
her, masturbating and awaiting her date with destiny as a human

toilet. Natasha sighed as she turned another woman
into one of her shit

receptacles,
knowing that her reign as the shit mistress was just beginning.

&nbsp;

Author's
note: The next part (10) will be a
response to questions readers

have
raised about missing or unexplained parts of this saga. If you have

questions,
other suggestions or any other feedback, send them in and

responses
will be included in that section. willadams_8@hotmail.com

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Will Adams


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





