BDSM Library - Jennifer Has a Plan




Jennifer Has a Plan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A boarding-school girl tries to wriggle out of a spanking, and learns to beware what you wish for.Jennifer has a Plan  
They were to be spanked, all of them. Tomorrow, after breakfast, in the changing
  room, on the bare bottom, with a gym shoe, by the head prefect. Such was the
  message delivered to the girls of 6A, on that wet and miserable afternoon in
  February, by Miranda herself. With her chestnut hair tied with red ribbons,
  and already in her games tunic &mdash; for this was the day of the match &mdash; she
  stood among their desks and told them their future.  
'Let's see if this  helps you remember,' she said. 'Nothing
  else has, has it? I've given you lines. That didn't work. We gated you. That
  didn't work. I don't see what you find so difficult about keeping your room
  tidy ... No, Marie. Don't even think  about arguing with
  me. I'm sure it wasn't  your fault but that's too bad.
  I'm sick of this, and I will see you all &mdash; without   exception &mdash; in
  the changing-room tomorrow. Straight after breakfast, please. Thank you.'  
She turned to go, but Marie clung to her arm and began pleading.  
'Stop being an idiot, Marie!' said Miranda, detaching herself. 'Act your
  age, for heaven's sake!'  
She left, and the door closed softly behind her, leaving the room plunged
  in deepest gloom.  
For this was no small matter.  
Most of them had been spanked before, usually with a hairbrush through a
  dressing-gown, for talking after lights out. But a spanking on the bare bottom
  with a gym-shoe, by none other than Miranda &mdash; that was a different thing
  altogether. And all because they had left the form room in a mess!  
The soft sound of weeping soon filled the room. Some hugged their knees and
  wept. Some lay their heads on their desks and wept. Some stood at the window,
  stared out into the drizzle, and wept. A few indulged in useless recriminations,
  and some bitter things were said about Miranda too, even by those who, in school
  parlance, were 'cracked' on her. And one girl merely sat at her desk, thumped
  the lid of it repeatedly with a fist, and saying, 'It's not fair! It's just
  not fair!'  
Then, from the furthest and darkest corner of the room, came a low, amused
  voice.  
'Lord love us!' it said. 'Nine of us, all in one go! Anyone know if that's
  a record?'  
Nobody was much inclined to answer this.  
'How do you think she'll do it?' continued the voice. 'Line us up in a row
  like so many peaches, or call us up one by one?'  
'Shut up, Jennifer!'  
'Baggsie go last, then, when she's run out of steam.'  
' Shut up  , Jennifer!'  
'What &mdash; interrupting your little blub, am I?'  
She sat, in defiance of house rules, on the lid of her desk. At the age of
  sixteen Jennifer had mischievous sparkling eyes, a nose that turned up at the
  end, and a mop of unruly hair that she was always being told to 'do something
  with'. She regarded her room mates with a grin.  
'Seriously,' she said. 'What is  the point of blubbing?'  
'Oh, of course you're  not going to!'  
'Course I will ... tomorrow. Everyone does. Doesn't mean I have to start
  now, does it? Anyway, it's only a spanking, for crying out loud! You go to
  the changing room, it hurts like blazes, you cry, and then it's over. The real
  punishment's in the waiting, isn't it?'  
She jumped off the desk and went over to the door. With a flick of the light-switch
  she banished the February gloom and turned the room yellow and warm.  
'I'll tell you what's painful!' she said. 'Breaking your arm. That's painful.
  Being hit on the cheekbone with a hockey ball. That's painful too. A gym shoe
  on the bum, on the other hand ...!'  
' Bare  bum,' squeaked a voice. And the room shuddered
  anew. Jennifer saw a single fat tear appear in the girl's eye, slide the length
  of her cheek and drop to the floor, all in the space of a second.  
'I've had it on the bare bum before,' she said. 'Charlie Fairstead, for swearing.
  Remember Charlie? Now that  was a spanking. That  was
  something to blub about. They don't do it like that  any
  more!'  
'You're think you're so jolly brave, don't you?'  
'Well, you can froust about in here all afternoon if you like. But why do
  you think Miranda &mdash; who I love and revere &mdash;' (Jennifer was not
  being sarcastic) '&mdash; Why do you think she came and told us today  ,
  what she's going to do to us tomorrow? To make us fret it out, that's why,
  and ... an' think about our sins while we do so, and all that rot. Well, I'm
  blowed if I  will. Who's coming to watch the match?'  
She put on her blazer and hat. Rowan, her best friend, at once put on hers.
  But there were no other takers.  
So Jennifer and Rowan went by themselves to the changing-room. Rowan sat
  on the bench and began unbuckling her sandals. Jennifer meanwhile was inspecting
  the place of execution.  
'Suppose we'll be here  ,' she said, bending over and
  touching her toes. And then she straightened. 'And Miranda'll be here  .
  And the rest of us will be lined up there  , with a nice
  view of proceedings.'  
'There's no need pretending to me, you know,' said Rowan. 'I know you're
  funking it as much as anyone.'  
'Codswallop.'  
'Oh yes you are. Because it's jolly ... well ... going ... to hurt, and you
  know it. Now for Pete's sake let's get out of here.'  
They put on their outdoor boots, and their macintoshes, and wound long scarves
  around their necks &mdash; red and blue, the school colours. Then they left
  the school block by the back door, and strolled over the damp playing-fields
  with heads held high.  
Arriving at Home Pitch, however, they found to their annoyance that the news
  had preceded them. At once they were the objects of sympathy and curiosity,
  and more than a little amusement. Spankings were often meted out to the junior
  girls. But seniors who strayed from virtue were usually dealt with in more
  civilised ways. When the word had spread that 6A were to be spanked, en
  masse,   with their knickers down, it was the finest piece of gossip
  since Miss Millicent was seen in Larborough in Mr Hall's car.  
A little crowd instantly formed around the doomed pair. But Jennifer was
  in no mood to indulge them.  
'What's it for?' asked Tracy White &mdash; a pale, stringy girl in the year
  above Jennifer. 'What have you done?'  
'Litter,' said Jennifer shortly, gazing out over the playing-field, where
  the teams were just coming on.  
' Litter?'   
   
'You know, bits of paper on the floor.'  
'You're getting spanked for litter? '   
   
'What, are you deaf?'  
'On the bare bum?'  
'Maybe, maybe not.'  
'How many? The lot?'  
'I really don't see,' said Jennifer loftily, 'what the blazes this has to
  do with you  .'  
   
'I was only asking  ,' said Tracy, and turned red.  
'Don't, then.'  
'You don't have to ... you think you're so beastly clever, don't you?'  
'Yes,' said Jennifer. 'Now would you excuse us? Believe it or not, Rowan
  and I came to watch the match, not to answer foolish questions about what I  imagined
  would be a private affair.'  
It was a frightful day. It had rained hard at lunch, and the playing-fields
  were covered with puddles. All regular games had been cancelled, and the match
  should have been cancelled too, but the visitors had come thirty miles by coach,
  and it would hardly do to give them tea and biscuits and send them off again.
  So after a lot of consultation between staff, the fixture went ahead as planned.  
Not even weather this filthy could dampen the enthusiasm of the teams, however.
  From the first whistle they played in earnest. No matter that the ball, however
  hard they hit it, would come to rest in the mire a few yards away, and have
  to be hit again. No matter that the players, despite their studs, slipped and
  slithered into every tackle. No matter that their hair clung to their cheeks
  like water weeds, and they were half-blinded by rain and mud. They went at
  it hard, and consequently more shins and ankles and knees were hacked than
  usual.  
Miranda was playing at centre-half, and always seemed to be in the thick
  of action. Soon she was unrecognisable from the shining figure who had appeared
  in the 6A form room to hand out justice. One leg, from the hem of her tunic
  to her shoe, was smeared black with mud from a fall; the other glistened white
  with rainwater. There was mud on her arms too, and mud on her neck and chin.
  Sometimes the spectators could distinguish her only by the red ribbons in her
  hair.  
The ball went wide, and the winger was nowhere in sight. Miranda came out
  from the centre, racing an opponent. She caught the ball just before it went
  into touch, not ten feet from where Jennifer and Rowan stood. They could almost
  smell her, feel the heat of her. She hooked the ball, turned deftly, raised
  her stick, and brought it down hard.  
THACKKKK! said the stick on the ball. It was as loud as a branch snapping.
  Rowan and Jennifer flinched.  
'Hmmmm,' said Jennifer.  
'Gosh,' said Rowan.  
The ball sped up the touchline, sending an arc of water into the air behind
  it. Miranda raced after it.  
'That's the idea,' said Jennifer quietly. 'You tire yourself out today, my
  dear.'  
But she had gone rather white.  
The ball came to rest in a puddle. Miranda reached it first. She raised her
  stick high.  
THACCKKKK!  
The ball went speeding off again.  
'Phew!' said one girl, a friend of Rowan's, who had come to stand with them.
  'I've got to say it, Rowan. If Miranda was going to give me   the
  you-know-what tomorrow, with my knickers down, I don't think I'd come and watch
  her play hockey. I'd be crying in the toilets.'  
'That's what I wanted to do,' said Rowan. 'But Jennifer wouldn't let me.'  
'You must be nervous...'  
'Of course she's not nervous,' said Jennifer. 'Tough as a boot, is our Rowan.
  Take more than a spanking to....'  
THACKKKK! said Miranda's hockey-stick once again, and Jennifer sighed.  
'Rather you than me,' said the tactless friend.  
Miranda brought the ball up the wing. The winger, meanwhile, had positioned
  herself in the centre, waiting for Miranda's cross. Miranda turned. Two opponents
  came rushing at her. At the last moment she raised her stick and swung.  
THACKKK!  
It was a perfect shot. The winger had only to stop the ball as it came, turn,
  and shoot. The bemired goalkeeper didn't have a chance. The back of the net
  billowed, the whistle blew. The noise of the crowd was deafening. Jennifer
  and Rowan at last forgot their woes, as they jumped up and down in delight.  
But then a hush fell. Miranda was down and had stayed down. One of the defenders
  who had tackled her had failed to stop, or had tripped, or slid, or something.
  Nobody was quite sure. But there had been a collision. Miranda was motionless
  in the mud. The match was halted. The referee went over to her, followed by
  the games mistress, and then one of the school nurses, who had come to watch
  the match. The other players stood in little groups nearby. The spectators
  waited, and anxiety sat in every breast. Once they saw her sit up, and there
  was excited whispering. But she was made to lie down again. At last a stretcher
  arrived. Miranda was lifted onto it, and carried away in the direction of the
  Sanatorium, which stood by itself at the edge of playing-fields. The word went
  about that she was concussed.  
The match was abandoned for fear of further accidents. The spectators sent
  up dismal cheers for the visiting team, and then began drifting away over the
  sodden playing fields.  
'Poor old Miranda,' said Jennifer, deep in thought, as they walked under
  the dripping lime trees. 'Wonder what that feels like, concussion.'  
'My cousin had it,' said Rowan. 'From falling off a roof. He was in bed for
  days.'  
'Was he?'  
'Mm. But he was fine afterwards. It always clears up, I think.'  
They walked in silence. Both were thinking exactly the same thing, but neither
  knew how to raise the subject.  
'So ... ' said Jennifer, at last. 'Tomorrow morning's a bit unlikely now,
  I suppose.'  
'It is rather. Poor old Miranda.'  
'Poor old Miranda. Lucky us, I suppose.'  
'Do you think we'll be let off, then?'  
'No. It's in the book, isn't it? We'll get it, one way or another. I just
  meant it probably won't be Miranda.'  
'Then who will it be?'  
Jennifer thought about this. And her face brightened. 'You remember when
  Miranda went up last term for her Cambridge exams...'  
'Yes.'  
'Well ... who took over from her?'  
'Mary, of course' said Rowan. 'She's the Deputy Head Girl, isn't she?'  
She abruptly stopped walking, joy dawning in her face. She stared at Jennifer.
  And Jennifer stared back at her.  
'Oh my gosh!' said Rowan. 'Do you really think? I mean, you wouldn't even
  feel it, would you, if Mary did it? You'd have to remember  to
  cry.'  
'Hmm,' said Jennifer. She straightened her back, pressed her chin into the
  heel of one hand, and nibbled her little finger. She squinted, and looked hard
  at Rowan. Rowan waited. She had been Jennifer's co-conspirator for many years,
  and she knew the signs.  
Heavy raindrops fell silently around them. The 'Tea bell' sounded, and still
  Rowan waited patiently. At last Jennifer seemed to come out of her trance.
  She smiled broadly.  
'Well, come on!' she said. 'Let's go and get some tea.'  
'What? Oh tell me!' said Rowan. 'Have you got a plan?'  
'I'll tell you over a hot bun,' said Jennifer. 'Don't say a word to the others.
  They only muck everything up. Come on then!'  
The two friends took off in their macintoshes across the squelching grass,
  not minding how many muddy puddles they ran through, otherwise what was the
  point of wearing outside boots?  
*  
But it was two very different-looking girls &mdash; fresh stockings, washed
  faces, and brushed hair &mdash; who went upstairs after tea, up into the realms
  of quiet and privilege where the prefects had their studies. Long experience
  had taught them that neatness goes a long way, even with girls barely a year
  older than them.  
Mary was in her study, deep in revision. She smiled when she saw them.  
'Hello, you two,' she said. 'Are you coming in?'  
'We don't want to disturb you,' said Jennifer, speaking with unusual deference,
  and hoping she wasn't overdoing it. 'We just came to ask after Miranda.'  
'That's nice of you. She's not at all bad, they say, but she'll be in bed
  a few days.'  
'Have you seen her?'  
'No, they wouldn't let me. I'll try again in a while...'  
'Poor old Miranda!' said Jennifer, with wide eyes. 'She won't like that much &mdash; being
  in bed for a few days. Is it concussion?'  
'Hopefully not.'  
'Well, that's something.'  
Jennifer took a couple of deep breaths, nibbled her lip, looked down at the
  floor, and then back at Mary.  
'Listen, Mary. I know I shouldn't be bringing this up now. But ... tomorrow
  morning, Miranda was going to, ah, see to us  , in the
  changing-rooms. You know, for leaving the form-room in a mess.'  
'Yes, I know,' said Mary, with a note of warning in her voice.  
'Oh, we're not trying to wriggle out of it, or anything! Of course not! It's
  just that ...' Here Jennifer glanced at Rowan, as if to confirm that what she
  was about to say really was true. 'I don't mind so much myself, but the other
  girls ... well, they've been crying their eyes out all afternoon, none of them
  ate a bite at tea, and they're still at it now,' (some of this was true) 'And
  I'll bet they cry all the night too. You know how it is when you're up for
  a spanking. You can't concentrate on your lessons, your knees are shaking the
  whole time, you can't think about anything but the, er ... what's going to
  happen...'  
'Oh dear!' said Mary, aghast, who had never been spanked in her life.  
'I know it's not at all up to us,' said Jennifer, hanging her head. 'I know
  this awfully impertinent, and everything, but if Miranda's going to be in bed
  for a few days, that's an awfully long time to sweat it out. So I wondered
  ... if you thought ... whether someone else might...'  
'...Put us out of our misery,' said Rowan, speaking for the first time. And &mdash; a
  miracle! &mdash; a single tear trembled in her eye.  
'It's really on behalf of the others,' said Jennifer. 'They are  in
  such a state.'  
And they waited.  
'Well...' said Mary. 'It's not up to me either. But it doesn't seem fair,
  I must say, to make you all wait for days. So I'll see what I can do. Is that
  alright?'  
'Oh, thank you, Mary!'  
'Thank you, Mary!'  
They bowed their heads humbly as they left her study. They kept silence on
  the landing, and all the way down the stairs. But when they reached the downstairs
  corridor, Jennifer flung an arm around Rowan's shoulders and squeezed her tight.  
'Rowan!' she cried. 'That tear! Where did  it come from?'  
'How could I not,' replied Rowan, 'With that piteous little tale you spun. "It's
  really on behalf of the other girls." You were inspired!'  
'You were not so bad yourself. Isn't she a softie?'  
They continued in this fashion even as they entered their form room. Lavinia
  looked at them suspiciously.  
'Where've you two been? What are laughing about?  
'Hello Lavinia. Cheered up a bit, have you?'  
'What are you up to?'  
'Why don't you write these questions down, dear? We'll have a look at them
  over prep.'  
'You think you're so jolly clever, don't you?'  
Jennifer and Rowan turned to each other, with a look of surprise. Then they
  burst out laughing.  
'Yes!' they cried. 'Yes we do!'  
'What is it?' cried another girl. 'Is it something about Miranda?'  
'I couldn't possibly say!' said Jennifer. 'You'll thank us, though, tomorrow.
  Come on, Rowan. Let's be elsewhere!'  
They left the form-form to angry mutterings, and wiled away the time before
  supper playing ping-pong in the gym.  
*  
Mary went to the Sanitorium again, and this time the nurse let her visit
  the invalid, on the understanding that she was not to bother her with school
  stuff. But after fond enquiries, there was a piece of business that Mary had
  to raise. Miranda listened in silence, and saw all.  
'Did they really?' she said. 'Jennifer and Rowan. Hmm. Jennifer and Rowan.'  
'I thought it was rather noble of them, really,' said Mary. 'They were awfully
  worried about the others.'  
'I'll bet,' murmured Miranda.  
'I don't know, though. If you are  going to be out in
  a day or two, perhaps it would be better to wait.'  
'No,' said Miranda, with a grim smile. 'If they don't want to wait, we won't
  make them wait. I'll deal with it now. There's a pad of paper under the bed &mdash; could
  you reach for it? I have to keep it hidden from Nurse.'  
Miranda raised her knees to make a writing-desk. Then she pondered, sometimes
  smiling, sometimes frowning, and sometimes sucking her pencil. At last she
  began writing. There were two separate notes, neither very long. She had just
  finished the second, and folded both into quarters, and written who they were
  meant for on the back, when the nurse came in and began scolding. Mary hurriedly
  took the notes, and went.  
*  
The girls of 6A returned to their form room after supper to find a note pinned
  to the board:  
To 6A. Your wish has been granted. You will all go to the changing-room
      after breakfast, as before. Miranda.   
   
Some frowned, some sighed, and some wept anew. But Jennifer and Rowan, when
  they read it, whooped, linked arms and danced. Only after repeated requests
  did they stop and explain themselves to their bewildered classmates.  
'You went and asked?'   said Lavinia, flabbergasted.  
'Ask, and you shall be given,' said Jennifer. 'You asses sat and wept all
  afternoon. Me and Rowan ... we kept our heads, when all around us...'  
'There's no need to be so smug, anyway' cried Lavinia. 'We're thinking of
  sending you to Coventry. Aren't we?'  
She looked around for support. But there was none. On nearly every other
  face, smiles were appearing. None of them felt like dancing yet &mdash; a spanking
  was still a spanking, after all &mdash; but even the most timid could grasp
  that being seen to by Mary was rather better than being seen to by Miranda.  
'Rather better than?' cried Jennifer. 'Infinitely preferable to! Miranda
  would have flayed  us! She'd have slaughtered us. We'd
  have blubbed for weeks!'  
'That's not what you said this afternoon!'  
'I was lying, wasn't I? Mary, on the other hand ... now seriously, you lot ,  you
  must remember to say ouch!  when she hits you, or her
  feelings will be hurt.'  
The prep bell went. They settled down to their homework. Jennifer had a passage
  of Shakespeare to decipher and explain, something she rather enjoyed. She set
  about the task happily. But when she had translated a dozen or so lines, her
  pen suddenly froze.  
She put her chin in her hands and frowned. Then she shrugged and went on
  with her task. Again she stopped. She laid down her pen, and quietly got up.
  She padded over to the board where the note still hung, and read it again.  
'What is it, Jennifer?' said Rowan  
She was immediately shushed. They were on last warning about talking during
  prep, too.  
Jennifer shook her head lightly, and returned to her seat. For ten minutes
  she tried to settle down to Shakespeare again, but it was no good. Not a single
  line could she understand. She got up again, quietly and nonchalantly, went
  to the board, unpinned the note, and took it back to her desk. There she read
  it, over and over.  
Rowan, next door, was by now perturbed. She grunted to make Jennifer look
  up, and then shrugged her shoulders to say ' what?'    
   
Jennifer looked at her and her face was tight and unhappy. Rowan had rarely
  seen her friend like this since their first year, when Jennifer had been bullied
  ceaselessly.  
'What is it?' whispered Rowan.  
Jenny took her pen, drew a line under the words 'Your wish has been granted,'
  and slid the note along to Rowan. Rowan was bewildered. 'So?' she said. But
  Jennifer had returned to her homework, or was pretending to. She hid her face
  with her hand, and refused to look at Rowan again.  
The End of Prep bell went, and the school exploded with noise as usual. 6A
  too were rowdy. They barely heard the discrete knock at the door, or the girl
  responsible for it. Her name was Tully and she was in the year below them,
  a timid and obliging girl. She entered uncertainly.  
'Hello,' she said. She was very fidgety. 'I don't know if I should tell you
  this. It's about ... tomorrow.'  
Up shot Jennifer's head. She stared at Tully with foreboding.  
'I was just heading over for evening prayers,' said Tully. 'And I saw ...
  But I don't know if I ...'  
She paused.  
'You saw what?' said Rowan.  
'Well ... you'd better come and see for yourselves.'  
Swiftly, and refusing to answer further questions, Tully led them along the
  downstairs corridor and out the back door. They followed her along the path
  to the chapel &mdash; ('Is this an attempt to get us to prayers, Tulls?') &mdash; and
  then stopped and pointed to a particular window.  
It was a prefect's study &mdash; of sorts. Unlike most prefect's studies,
  however, it was on the ground floor, and was also rather small. A girl called
  Rosie Harmer occupied it. It had been allocated to her because she had been
  made a prefect only at the beginning of spring term, rather than in September
  as was usual. The rumour was that she would never had been made a prefect at
  all, had her father not visited the headmistress specifically to demand it.  
'She is, quite simply, the most remarkably unpleasant girl I've ever met,'
  Jennifer had once said, trying to explain to some outsider why Rosie was so
  deeply unpopular at the school. 'She bullied us all like anything when we were
  kids &mdash; me more than anyone &mdash; and now that she can't, she sort of smoulders   inside.
  She sits and smoulders and glares, as if she hates absolutely everything in
  the world and wants to smash it to pieces. I can't begin to tell you how glad
  everyone was &mdash; everyone  &mdash; when they didn't
  make her  prefect...' ('But she is jolly good at games,'
  Rowan had added.)  
In the evening drizzle, the girls of 6A watched Rosie Harmer, prefect and
  sportswoman, practice for the morning.  
Her study was bare and brightly lit, and there were no curtains at the window.
  They could see in quite clearly. By the door, at the far end of the room, stood
  a wooden chair. Strapped to the back of it, with a belt, was a pillow.  
Rosie come towards the window. They saw her tight, freckled face, with its
  small eyes and prissy mouth. Then she turned. In her hand was a gym shoe &mdash; just
  an ordinary school plimsoll, with a blue canvas top and a white rubber sole.  
Two swift steps down the room. Her left shoulder went forward, her right
  shoulder came back. The gym shoe went high above her head. She jumped, and
  swung. She put the entire weight of her body behind it.  
The chair shook, the pillow folded up on itself, like a man punched in the
  stomach. Even from a distance, and through the glass, they could hear the thud.  
They stood in stunned silence.  
Rosie straightened the pillow, and came back to the window. This time she
  gripped the shoe by its toe rather than by the heel. She repeated the manoeuvre,
  and then cocked her head, comparing the effect. She decided to try the heel
  once more. Evidently she had been working on her technique for some time.  
It was sinking in very slowly. The horror was too great to be grasped all
  at once. In silence they watched Rosie attack her pillow once more.  
Then little Alex Hardman said to Jennifer, 'But Mary's going to do it, isn't
  she?'  
Her voice was simple, uninflected, without fear. She hadn't believed what
  she was seeing. There was an awful calm about her. In fact there was an awful
  calm about all of them &mdash; like the calm of a baby just before it screams.  
Everyone looked at Jennifer.  
'I'm sorry,' she whispered. 'I'm sorry.'  
'Sorry?' said a voice, not understanding the word in this context. Somebody
  else began choking on their breath. There were some preliminary sniffs.  
Jennifer knew at once what had to happen now.  
'Go inside,' she said. 'Please! Rowan, get them to go back inside! I'll sort
  this out. I promise. Just go inside!'  
She ran away down the path, then beneath the lime trees and onto the playing-fields.
  All was dark. She hurried over the water-logged grass, stumbling and sliding,
  and sometimes plunging into deep unseen puddles. Her sandals and stockings
  were soaked within seconds. The rain had ended, and the sky was busy with heavy,
  mysterious clouds. It was like being inside a vast cathedral. Now and then
  the moon appeared, like a face appearing at a window, and smiled down at the
  world, and then withdrew. Goal posts loomed above, like the spars of a ghost
  ship, and corner flags were loud in the wind.  
Two minutes later she slithered down the bank of grass and mud that surrounded
  the Sanitorium. Her breath was raggedy. She skirting the building, keeping
  to the shadows, and arrived at the front door. There didn't appear to be anybody
  around. The building looked as though it had already been put to sleep. But
  the door was unlocked. Jenny kicked off her mud-covered sandals, and silently
  opened it. Inside, all was quiet and dark. She crept along the corridors in
  her stockings, making for the ward. At the door she took a breath, and went
  in.  
The ward was dark. But there was a pool of light at the far end, and there
  was Miranda. There was a bandage around her head. She was sitting up in bed,
  reading a book. Jennifer paused. And then she came down the row of beds, wondering
  if she should speak, or cough. But Miranda sensed her, and raised her eyes
  calmly from her bright page, squinting into the darkness.  
But when she recognised Jennifer, her face darkened and her eyes filled with
  anger.  
'Oh Miranda...!' said Jennifer at once, but Miranda scowled and put her finger
  to her lips. Then she pointed to the bed down the row. Jennifer looked, and
  saw that there was someone asleep in it.  
She wasn't to be put off. Coming closer, and keeping her voice to the merest
  whisper, she said 'Please Miranda, I need  to speak to
  you. Oh please let me speak to you!'  
Miranda still looked furious. She glared at Jennifer, and seemed about to
  say something awful like 'What the devil  do you think
  you're doing here?' But then she saw Jennifer's face, and after a brief pause
  she gave the tiniest of nods.  
And Jennifer realised she didn't have a clue what to say.  
She had coming rushing through the darkness with a single goal: to see Miranda.
  And now she was there, breathless and muddy, she found her thoughts were as
  tangled as her hair. It hardly helped, either, to be standing and looking down
  at Miranda, and to be obliged to speak in a whisper. But proceed she must.  
'It was all me, Miranda,' she said. 'Please don't do it to the others! Rowan
  and me went to Mary. But I talked her into it. Rowan, I mean. I don't mind
  what you do to me, but please don't do it to them. They didn't even know about
  it.'  
Miranda was very still. She didn't take her eyes off Jennifer's face.  
'Rosie was practising in her study,' said Jennifer. 'Just now. With a gym
  shoe. She's going to half-kill us.'  
Miranda nodded.  
'But they don't deserve it! They haven't done anything wrong! Except to leave
  their books lying around. Some of them didn't even do that  .
  You can't let Rosie do it!'  
Miranda lifted an eyebrow in surprise.  
'Not to them,' said Jennifer, going on stubbornly. 'I don't care about me.'  
'And that, I believe,' said Miranda, and Jennifer was startled to hear her
  velvety, musical voice for the first time, 'Is also what you said to Mary this
  afternoon.'  
Jennifer bit her lip and hung her head. There was a world of difference between
  what she had said to Mary that afternoon, with her neatly-brushed hair and
  her mouth full of lies, and what she was trying to say now. But she couldn't
  think of anything to say that wouldn't just sound like    more
  lies.  
Miranda was watching her closely. She said, 'Then none of the others honestly
  knew about it, when you and Rowan went to see Mary?'  
'No,' said Jennifer. 'And I talked Rowan into, too.'  
'Rowan does what you tell her to do, does she?'  
Jennifer waggled her head in a way that meant 'More or less.'  
'More fool her.'  
Miranda pondered the matter for a long time. Her face was grave. Jennifer
  could hear her breath, and the soft sighing of the sleeping girl, and the blood
  in her own ears. At last Miranda nodded. 'Very well. You tell them that I'll
  see to them myself, as soon as I am out.'  
'Oh thank you,' whispered Jennifer. 'Oh thank you.'  
Now came a brief sort of interlude. Jennifer stood and looked at Miranda,
  and Miranda, leaning back on her pillows, watched her in turn. She was wearing
  white cotton pyjamas, with a blue collar that nestled under her chin. Her face
  looked tired. Her hair, where it escaped from the bandage, shone coppery under
  the bedside light. The ribbons she had worn for the match were now tied to
  the bed frame above her head, like rosettes. They were splattered with mud.
  When Jennifer saw them, she knew at once what she had to say. No &mdash; what
  she wanted  to say.  
She knelt, so that her face was level with Miranda's, and laid her arm on
  the bed to steady herself. She found she couldn't bring herself to raise her
  eyes to Miranda's. So she looked at the red hospital rug on the bed.  
'I don't know what to say,' she said. 'Except that I feel so terrible. You
  got hit on the head, and I used it to get out of a punishment.'  
There was a great lump in her throat, and her eyes were damp. The full awfulness
  of what she had done was only now hitting her. She was trying hard not to cry.  
Miranda watched her steadily.  
'And?' she said.  
'And I'll do anything to make it up to you.'  
'Good. But that's not all you did, is it? You also took advantage of Mary's
  good nature. Mary likes to trust everyone. You knew that, and you made her
  trust you. That was unbelievably rotten behaviour.'  
Jennifer hadn't thought of that aspect of it. Now she did so, and saw that
  Miranda was right. A tear slid down her cheek and she didn't bother to retrieve
  it. She looked at Miranda with brimming eyes, begging for judgement.  
'So,' said Miranda, with the ghost of a smile. 'You want to make amends,
  do you?'  
Jennifer shut her eyes and nodded.  
'I know you're sorry. I forgive you. Now we must think of a suitable punishment.
  Mustn't we?'  
Jennifer nodded.  
'There is an obvious one, isn't there?'  
'Yes.'  
'After all, poor Rosie has spent a whole evening getting her eye in.'  
'Yes,' said Jennifer. 'Yes.'  
'Good. Tomorrow morning, then, in the changing-room, exactly as planned.
  But you'll also join the others, won't you, when I see to them? You'll be an
  old hand by then.'  
'Yes,' said Jennifer.  
'Good. I'm glad you came to see me. Now, I'm sick of writing notes. Can I
  rely on you to tell everyone where they are meant to be, and at what time?'  
'I will,' said Jennifer.  
'Well done. And now you'd better go. It's already past curfew.'  
Jennifer nodded. Then she said, 'Are you alright, Miranda? Is your head alright?'  
'Right as rain,' said Miranda.  
She put a hand on Jennifer's shoulder, and kissed her on the top of her head.  
'Off you go. Try and get some sleep, won't you?'  
*  
The next morning, Rowan, no matter how many times Rosie told her to push
      off  , refused to do so. Jennifer, her face as white as a school
      plate, also told her friend there was no point to her being there, but
      still Rowan wouldn't budge. So Jennifer and Rosie gave it up, and went
      into the changing-room together, as if they were in league against Rowan.
      The door shut. Rowan leaned back against the wall of the corridor, her
      hands behind her back and one knee raised. She crossed her fingers, and
      waited.  
She heard the murmur of voices from inside, mostly Rosie's. It sounded very
  friendly, as though Rosie was teaching Jennifer how to tie a certain knot,
  or grip a tennis racquet. In fact Rosie had  been friendly
  that morning &mdash; almost the friendliest that Rowan had ever seen her. This
  fact alone made her quite nauseous.  
The discussion seemed to go on for a long time. And then there was silence.
  Rowan waited, and waited, her heart in her mouth. Then she heart the sudden
  scrape of Rosie's sandal on the floor, a whirr of something moving through
  air, and then the impact. There was nothing of a smack or spank about it. It
  was more like a loud, hollow, echoing drumbeat. Perhaps that was the acoustics
  of the changing-room. She heard Jennifer say 'Yow' &mdash; rather dutifully,
  as though she had read one of those boy's comics where the pupils are forever
  being caned, and had remembered the correct response from it.  
Then a sickeningly long silence. Ten seconds at least. And then exactly the
  same sequence of sounds.  
The only thing that changed as the strokes progressed was Jennifer's response.
  She said 'Ah!', and 'Oh no!' and 'Oh please!' Soon she was gasping for breath.
  A little afterwards she began sobbing, dragging the breath in and out like
  a wounded animal. And after a while longer, she was pleading. 'No please no
  more! No please nor more!'  
And then Rowan, who thought she couldn't feel any more nauseated than she
  was already feeling, heard Rosie snigger and say: 'Why, we've only just started.
  Get down again. Get down!'   
   
A pause. And then another stroke, and Jennifer began sobbing again. And still
  Rosie talked:  
'So Jenny &mdash; you think you're clever, eh?' she said. 'How clever do
  you feel now?'  
'Oh no! Oh no! oh no!'  
'Oh yes!' cried Rosie. 'Oh yes! Why, we're not even started, yet! Get
      down! Get down!  '  
If she heard any more she would rush in and attack Rosie herself. So Rowan
  stuck her fingertips into her ears, shut her eyes, and waited.  
Time passed. Sometimes she would hear Jennifer again, and have to dig her
  fingers even deeper into her ears. It felt as though she was betraying her
  friend. She found herself praying, begging for it to come to an end. Minutes
  seemed to go past. And at last she felt the air shift as the changing-room
  door opened and Rosie came out.  
Rowan removed her fingers from her ears. Rosie saw her.  
'What are you  crying for?' she said with a sneer. And
  then, 'You can go in.'  
Rowan did so, and found Jennifer lying curled up on her side on the cold
  concrete floor, sobbing and gasping. Her gym slip was still around her waist,
  and her knickers around her knees. Rosie had simply left her like that. Rowan
  knelt down beside her, and stroked her arm, and started to say foolish things
  like 'There there!' But there was nothing she could really do, but be there,
  and wait. Out of decency she tried not to look at Jennifer's backside, but
  she was aware that it was very red indeed.  
They stayed like that for minutes. Sometimes girls would come in, see them,
  stop dead, and say 'Is that what Rosie did?' And Rowan would say yes, and forbid
  any further questions with a shake of her head. So the girls would merely say
  that Rosie was a nasty piece of work who had it coming, and leave.  
A bell rang. It was time for lessons. Jennifer lay a few seconds longer,
  and then rolled over, and knelt, and pulled her knickers up and stockings up.
  She didn't seem to be in too much pain. At least a gym shoe doesn't last like
  a cane does. But her face was still very white, and she didn't say a word.  
They went to lessons, and took their break, and went to more lessons, and
  then to lunch. And Jennifer said not a word. It was as though Rosie had hit
  her so hard, that she had climbed deep into herself and was refusing to come
  out. Her eyes were vacant. Rowan was seriously worried. Nothing she could do
  would make Jennifer talk. She pleaded and cajoled, and Jennifer would look
  at her, and then her eyes would simply slip away. At lunch she ate nothing
  at all, but drank glass after glass of water. And as soon as grace was said,
  she hurried out of the dining-room and disappeared.  
They searched for her up and down the school &mdash; Rowan and others &mdash; without
  success. Before tea they congregated in their form-room again, and began to
  wonder if now was the time to bring staff into it. They knew how much Jennifer
  would hate this &mdash; but then, was Jennifer even Jennifer any more?  
Just as they were debating whether it would be best to go to Miss de Havilland,
  or Miss Wells, or matron, there was a banging at the door. Somebody outside
  was apparently trying to kick it down. Rowan strode over, ready to yell at
  whoever it was who thought this was funny...  
And there was Jennifer, smiling, and carrying in her arms an enormous white
  cardboard box.  
'I thought we'd have a study tea,' she cried. 'Just us lot. Guess where I've
  been!'  
She pushed past Rowan and came in, dropping the box onto the nearest desk.
  She opened the lid to reveal macaroons and cream puffs and shortbread and sponge-cakes
  and chocolate sandwich cake, all from the baker on the high street.  
'That,' said Rowan, swallowing hard and trying not to cry, 'Would be a very
  good idea indeed.'  
And everyone else thought it would be a good idea too. So a pot of tea was
  purloined from the dining-room, as well as teacups and milk, and they arranged
  their chairs in a circle and tucked in. All the enmities of yesterday had vanished.
  And nobody, by unspoken agreement, referred to spankings, past or future. But
  it was alluded once, when they asked Jennifer how Miranda had been.  
'She looked tired,' said Jennifer. 'But I think it was just a knock, after
  all. She should be out soon.'  
'Oh ... good!'  sang a voice, and there was laughter.
  Then more tea was poured, and the box went the rounds again. Jennifer had spent
  most of her term's allowance on it. Even so, nine hungry girls made short shift
  of it. First to disappear were the macaroons, and then the fairy-cakes, and
  then the chocolate cake. And Jennifer was just persuading them that the shortbread
  needed finishing off too, when there was a knock at the door.  
It opened. They gaped. For there stood Miranda.  
She came in with all her old cheer and vitality. She was the picture of health.
  The bandage had gone.  
She looked quickly around the room. When she spotted Jennifer she looked
  at her anxiously. But what she saw obviously reassured her &mdash; perhaps
  it was Jennifer's chocolatey grin &mdash; and she relaxed. She greeted them
  all, and said she was very glad to see them enjoying the good things of life,
  and what she had to say had better wait until their feast was done.  
'We're more or less finished,' said Rowan, politely getting to her feet.
  'Unless you'd like some shortbread?'  
'Shortbread?' said Miranda, 'Hmm. Shortbread. Now you mention it, Rowan,
  I am  meant to be keeping my strength up. Thank you.'  
She took a piece. 'But you might want it back when I tell you what for. We've
  some unfinished business, haven't we? Now, I thought, we can either do it after
  breakfast tomorrow, as is traditional, or &mdash; if you have really finished
  your, er, banquet &mdash; we might get it over and done with now. I'll leave
  it up to you.'  
'Now!' said Jennifer. 'Now!' said Rowan. 'Now!' said various others. Even
  the most timid glumly admitted that now was as good as tomorrow. So off they
  went in single file down the main corridor, past the roar of a hundred girls
  at tea, and through to the changing-room.  
She made them stand in line. ('Don't worry about school order,' she said.
  'I can't see that it makes any difference.') She brushed the sugar off her
  hands, found a gym shoe in one of the lockers, tested it once on her hand,
  and then called the first of them up. It happened to be Rowan.  
'You know the drill,' said Miranda, with a twinkle in her eye. 'Stockings
  down, knickers down, touch your toes, and leave the rest to me.'  
Rowan obliged her. Miranda lifted the skirt of her gym slip onto her back.
  They could see the muscles of Rowan's leg quiver beneath her white february
  skin.  
'Fifteen each,' said Miranda. 'Off we go!'  
She raised and swung. She did it with a certain detachment, as if practising
  a golf-stroke. But there was nothing sentimental in it. It was hard, very,
  very hard. She paused for two or three seconds between strokes, no more. Rowan
  was sobbing at five, pleading at ten, and yelling at fifteen. Whereupon Miranda
  said, 'That's your lot,' and waited as Rowan, gasping, slowly unfolded herself.
  And so on to the next. Nine girls and fifteen strokes, and her arm never began
  to tire. The girls ran up to their dormitories and sobbed for half an hour.
  Then they dried their eyes and adored Miranda as much as ever.  
'Told you there was nothing to it,' said Jennifer, as she lay on her bed.
  'If only you'd listened to me, eh?'  
'If only,' said Rowan. 'If only.'  
And that was more or less that. &mdash; Except that, shortly after tea, one
  of the prefects came to Miranda and said that she hated to say it, but 6A had
  left their form room in a deplorable state again, with dirty teacups, and cake-wrappers
  everywhere, and half-eaten bits of shortbread, and crumbs all over the floor.
  And they themselves were nowhere to be found.  
'Hmm,' said Miranda, licking a stray piece of sugar from the side of her
  mouth. 'When you do see them, tell them they've got until bedtime to clean
  it up &mdash; or else .  '  
'Hadn't you better do it?' said the girl.  
'Not this once,' said Miranda.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rafu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





