BDSM Library - Our Long Affair




Our Long Affair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman recounts her affair with a married man and the sexual fantasies they lived out together.
	Our Long Affair by Fitch Man

	Prelude

	At the age of 23, she found herself managing a very upscale and,
therefore, unpopular clothing store at a trashy suburban mall.  She was waiting
for the results of her medical school admissions tests and, although sales work
would have ordinarily been a sufficient diversion for an attractive young woman
such as Kate, she spent much of my time alone in the store waiting for someone
to come in.  Of course, she tried on all the most expensive dresses.  Designed
for far more matronly figures than hers, the dresses sagged loosely over her
A-cup breasts, her tight little round butt and flat tummy like sequined sacks. 
She would spend my days gazing at the busy Victoria's Secret across the hall and
imagine she worked there instead and could buy all the sexiest bras and panties
in the store with her employee discount.

	When he came into the store, something attracted my eye.  He was older,
yes, but not old; handsome, well built, at ease, sexy, confident, polite - she
wasn't really sure what it was, but when he asked her a question she flushed and
stared into his eyes.  Suddenly, she was flirting with him, and she could tell
he was lingering to talk with her more, placing his hand on her arm briefly. 
She was getting hot, maybe even wet, at this casual connection that seemed to
envelop them both for an instant.  She would have asked him out, she would have
kissed him right then, but for the wedding band on his left hand. 

	She looked him boldly up and down, focusing on his crotch much longer
and more provocatively than she would have with an unmarried man.  He was
flushing too, his face red and a bulge growing in his pants.  He liked her
stare, he wanted her, and she saw it and wanted him.  They were safe to flirt
and turn each other on, because they knew there would be no touching in the end. 
She wanted to imagine him going home and screwing his wife while thinking of her
and how hot and hard she had made him.  She wanted to rush into the changing
room, pull up her skirt, and rub her gushing hot pussy.  He was still talking to
her, unashamed of the massive and obvious hard-on in his pants, excited that she
was staring at it, staring himself at her erect nipples poking through her
chemise and shirt.  She found herself wiggling back and forth, savoring the
friction of tight thong panties against her crotch.  She wanted him to see her
cum, she wanted to see him cum. 

	Now things were getting awkward.  They both knew this was going no where
and would ultimately end in retreat.  Another customer asked her a question, she
turned briefly, then back to this man but he was gone.  After a few minutes of
heavy breathing, she calmed down and refocused on her work.




	Chapter I

	Weeks went by, weeks of "preparation" during which I fantasized about my
mystery married man (as I came to think of him) and sometimes times late at
night I imagined kissing him, undressing for him, licking him, rubbing my wet
pussy up and down on his hard cock.  These fantasies aroused me so greatly that
I imagined much, much more.  I imagined him pressing his hard and lubricated
cock against the entrance to my ass, something I had never allowed before.  I
imagined him between my thighs, licking me to orgasm in front of a crowd of
on-lookers, I imagined myself bound tightly and naked while he kissed me, licked
me, penetrated me, ravished me both softly and roughly. 

	With my high degree of arousal, I found myself conducting research,
looking at websites featuring unusual sexual activities (unusual for me, anyway)
and fantasizing about doing some of those things:  group sex, multiple partners,
double penetration, public sex, lesbian sex, bondage, even sado-masochism.  
Like my mystery married man, these were fantasies that were not meant to come
true.  I was in the safety of my home, after all, just thinking, looking,
touching myself.  If my mystery married man hadn't made me so hot, I never would
have even fantasized about these activities.  But now, a part of me longed for
them, for the deep satisfaction I knew that my mystery married man would be able
to give me, or some substitute.  And so I grew more aroused and more frustrated
with every passing day.




	Chapter II

	He came back into the store one Friday evening as I was closing up.  I
may have gasped when I saw him.  I may have cum when I saw him.  He wasn't
looking at me, just browsing the displays, and, unable to stop myself, I
approached him and blurted out that it was nice to see him again.  When he
looked at me, this time I saw something different:  deep hunger and anxiety.  He
was nervous and starving and, also, sad.  As we talked briefly, I could see his
reassurance return and his cock harden again in his pants.  I melted; oh how I
wanted to touch him.  Instantly I wanted him to rip off my clothes and ravish me
and screw my pussy and ass right there on the floor of the store.  I almost
chickened out then and called the whole thing off.  I flushed deeply, and then
began telling him about my plans to attend medical school, my apartment, even a
concert I had recently attended.  Then I noticed his eyes widening and his mouth
open slightly.  And, I realized that, as I was speaking to him, I had placed my
left hand on my lap and had started rubbing myself lightly through my pants.  I
apologized over and over, not believing I had actually done something so lewd
right in front of him. 

	"Please," he said, "Don't apologize.  I have been thinking about you for
weeks now.  I cannot stop wanting to kiss you, and more than kiss.  It makes me
miserable because I can't have you." 

	Suddenly I was on the verge of crying, for him and for me, because our
enormous desire for each other was frustrated.  He hugged me, and even now I
could feel his hard cock pressing against me and could feel my pussy flush. 

	I told him directly:  "I've never wanted to fuck anyone as badly as I
want you, I want you to do everything to me, over and over, and I will do
anything you say if we can only be together.  I don't care that you are married. 
Whenever, any time, you want me, you can have me, under whatever circumstances
you say.  Please, just don't go home and rub your cock thinking of me."

	He said:  "I've cum a hundred times already thinking of us together." 

	And I answered:  "So have I."

	Now things were all out on the table.  He asked me for my cellphone
number, which I gave him.  He said he would have to think about it.  Then he
kissed me and I melted into him, forcefully pressing my breasts and pussy
against him, against his hard cock, although our mouths never opened. 

	"I will call you soon," he said.  And then he turned and walked out of
the store.

	I got home and into my apartment and ripped off my clothes, even though
my windows shades were all wide open.  One hand flew to my breasts and began
savagely twisting and pulling my nipples, while my other hand went straight to
my drenched pussy.  I didn't care who saw me. I was uncontrollably aroused.  I
fell to my knees and rubbed furiously at my clitoris; my other started fingering
my ass.  My cellphone rang.  I sprang up and flipped open my phone with my wet
hand. 

	"Hi," said his voice. 

	"I'm so close to cumming, please listen to me cum," I answered. 

	"No," he said, "don't cum now.  I want to see you.  I'll see you, once a
week - only once a week - for as long as you want.  I wont see you any other
time.  I wont leave my wife or ever marry you. I've had a vasectomy so I can
never make you pregnant.  If you are unhappy with this arrangement, you can move
on any time you want.  You can date anyone you want.  But you must promise to
keep our relationship a secret forever." 

	"Yes, yes," I promised. 

	"One more thing is important," he started, "I have good sex with my
wife, although not a lot of it.  I've imagined and want so much more with you. 
If you just want to have plain old sex with me, we'll probably both get bored
with each other.  If we're going to do this, let's play, experiment, try some
new things, some different things, you know what I mean?" 

	"Oh god, yes, please, you have no idea what sexual fantasies I've been
having since I met you," I blurted out. 

	"Really? Like what? Tell me," he asked. 

	"Like you tie me to a tree in the woods and fuck me in the ass, or maybe
I'll tie you to the tree and fuck you with a strap-on." 

	"Oh, well, how about we flip a coin?" he laughed, "you're so beautiful
and so sensual, just talking to you makes my cock drip, it's so hard and hot
right now." 

	"I'm rubbing my pussy right now, imagining you with me, I'm in front of
an open window, anyone could see me, and I'm imagining that you are watching me
right now.  I'll try anything you want, and I have a few ideas of my own." 

	"I have a lot of fantasies," he warned, "and I'm going to try something
new with you every week.  Now, stand at the window for ten full minutes and rub
yourself without cumming; imagine I am watching you now, because in my mind I am
seeing you, naked and hot right now rubbing yourself.  Let anyone who sees you
see how hot you are."

	"Ohhhh, god," I groaned, standing at the window.

	"Are you free Wednesday?" 

	"If you will fuck me then, yes." 

	"Then I will meet you on Wednesday at 10:00 in the morning, in the lobby
of the Radisson resort down the interstate off exit 32; you know the one?" 

	"Yes, I've heard of it, that's fine," I answered, and he hung up.

	I stayed at the window, imagining him watching me, pulling on my
nipples, fingering my ass, and plunging my fingers in and out of my sopping wet
pussy.  I thought about the things we might do together, the things I might
suggest we do if I could summon the nerve to say them aloud.  Something told me
this man would not be shocked, but rather delighted, to hear my lewd and kinky
fantasies.  Now I wanted it all, and I was going to do it all.  Just as I
reached my tenth minute at the window, I came, hard, loudly, and my juices
flowed down over my hand.

	Exhausted, I leaned forward and felt the cold glass against my nipples
as I licked my drenched fingers.




	Chapter III

	Let me tell you about my mystery married man:  his name is David; he's
42, an architect, tall, lean, athletic, dark hair, brown eyes; his wife has a
defective gene that runs in her family, and she decided they should not have
children, so David had a vasectomy a few years ago; he's smart, sexy, funny, and
he has a nice thick cock and fuzzy balls.  Now about me:  I'm Kate, 23, headed
to medical school next year, five feet five inches, kind of a waifish figure
with small A-cup breasts, a flat tummy, a little round butt, long legs, green
eyes, and long dirty blond hair; I never got into the tattoo and piercing craze
- except for pierced ears, there's not a mark on me.  I keep things pretty much
shaved down there (they call what I have a "landing strip").  I run and get
plenty of exercise.  I haven't had a serious boyfriend since my junior year in
college, but have slept around a bit too much.  Actually, it was kind of a
regular thing to meet a guy and fuck him a few times before I'd realize he
wasn't my type.

	I agreed to meet David for the first time on Wednesday morning in the
lobby of a resort hotel an hour down the interstate.  That morning, I awoke
early and filled with butterflies and nervous anticipation.  I had a deep
sinking feeling in my tummy, but also my pussy was hot and flushed in
anticipation of stuffing David's cock into my mouth, my pussy, and maybe even my
ass.  First, I called the owner of the store I manage and told her I was sick;
no problem there.  Then I got ready - I took a long hot shower and shaved again,
brushed my hair, applied a small amount of perfume to my neck and inner thighs;
I pulled on a nice short skirt and white cashmere sweater (without a bra or
panties), and short heeled shoes.  I looked quite proper but for my erect
nipples poking out against the sweater.  As I drove down the highway, I couldn't
help playing with my clitoris a little; it was so sensitive and my pussy was so
wet.  I was ready to do anything David asked.

	When I arrived at the resort a bit early, I parked, grabbed my backpack,
and strolled around the grounds.  It was a beautiful place, with tennis and
golf, swimming pool and spa, restaurants, and huge gardens with little hidden
gardens inside - a little oasis amid flat, ugly farms.  I thought about what I
was doing here and my fantasies before realizing that my pussy juices were
actually dribbling down my inner thighs toward my knees.  I wondered if anyone
would notice and ask why my thighs were glistening wet.  My pussy felt as if it
was on fire - swollen, hot, and juicy.  Then I strolled into a side door of the
hotel, made my way to the enormous lobby and sat with my knees together, in a
cushy chair away from the main entrance, waiting, waiting for everything to
happen.

	David didn't come in the main entrance; he was circling the room from
one of the side halls, approaching me, dressed in a smart business suit and
carrying a stack of papers.  He sat in a chair just opposite mine and placed his
papers on the table, smiling, so handsome and so sexy with his bright brown
eyes. 

	"I'm so glad to see you," he started, "You look amazing and so
beautiful.  I was here for a meeting and planned to spend the night, but it
turns out my meeting is almost over.  Now I've got this terrific suite for the
night and all day to relax."  I could see what he had in mind and didn't need to
respond.  Instead, I parted my knees and showed him my glistening wet thighs and
drenched pussy.  All he could say was:  "Holy shit.  Umm, I'll meet you in a
half hour," and he stood, tucking his already-obvious boner down into his
underpants.  He grabbed his papers and walked away.  On the table, he left a
small hotel envelope containing a card key, and the number 204 written on the
outside.  I scooped up the card, my backpack, and walked across the lobby to the
elevators, went up to the second floor and found room 204.  I let myself in with
the card key.

	This "suite" was more than a suite - it was massive, with a living room,
high ceilings, its own hot tub, and huge windows overlooking the golf course. 
There was a bottle of champagne in the wet bar's sink, covered with ice.  I put
some music on the stereo, undressed, and climbed into the bubbling hot tub.  As 
I sank into the hot water, I daydreamed about what was to come and began to grow
impatient, but I didn't have long to wait.  David came into the suite, his face
red and suit buttoned.

	"Hi . . . hi," he said anxiously, "would you like some champagne?"  I
didn't.  I climbed out of the hot tub and walked toward him, naked, took him in
my arms and kissed him.  This time our mouths opened hungrily, and his tongue
felt wonderful against mine.  His hands on my bare butt pulled me tight against
his hard cock; he was getting all wet, as was I.  I unfastened his belt and
pushed his pants and boxer shorts down.  His cock leapt up and nestled against
my wet pussy.  I jumped up onto him, and, with one quick move, drove my pussy
down onto his cock.  We both moaned loudly, finally realizing the thing that we
had both been longing for weeks.  He grabbed my butt and slammed his cock into
me again and again. 

	Unlike men my age, he had incredible endurance, and fucked my pussy on
the floor, the couch, and the bed, fingering my ass and biting my nipples (and I
did all these to him), and making me cum over and over for nearly an hour before
finally shooting his spermless cum deep inside my pussy.  I quickly moved up and
placed my dripping, cum-filled pussy right on his mouth.  David licked and
sucked on my pussy and tongued my butt until his face was drenched and I had
come twice more.  Then I moved down and licked his face clean, then his cock,
and finally, to be fair, tongued his butt as well, making his cock hard again
and ready for more.  We continued to savagely fuck each other until we were, at
least briefly, satisfied.  Already, he had become the best lay of my life, and
there was so much more to come.  We jumped into our hot tub, cuddling, hugging
and kissing still.  He brought the champagne, and we drank deeply from the
bottle.  Under the water, our hands were all over each other.  His fingers slid
around my nipples and pussy, and my fingers caressed his cock and balls. 

	"Can we go for a walk through the gardens, take a swim in the outdoor
pool?" I asked.  The issue of how discreet we needed to be had yet to be
discussed. 

	"That's a great idea," he answered, but he understood what I was driving
at.  "There are places, especially in town, where we would need to be careful. 
We just won't go to those places.  We're free to do anything here, now that my
business associates have left; I saw them off earlier.  I think it's safe. You
let me worry about that, I just want you to have a great time, okay?" 

	"Then let's go out," I said.  I jumped out of the hot tub and opened my
backpack to get my bikini, and wrap around skirt.  I slipped them on and turned
to see David already in his swimsuit and t-shirt.  I grabbed my suntan oil, and
we headed outside to enjoy the beautiful day. 

	We walked through the gardens for a half hour, enjoying brief moments
here and there where we would stop and kiss and our hands would find their way
into each other's swim suits.  We came to the pool, which was nearly empty, and
both swam and laid out in the sunshine.  However, when I went into the empty
ladies' locker room to pee and found the sauna, I got a naughty idea.

	"Come with me," I whispered in David's ear, taking his hand.  He grabbed
our things and I led him right into the women's locker room and into the hot
sauna.  We started kissing immediately and in seconds our suits were off.  David
pushed me up against the hot teak wall and started fucking me again; oh, it felt
so good to be filled by him.  I pushed him back, turned around and bent over so
he could fuck me from behind.  As his cock plunged into my wet pussy, I felt him
pouring my suntan oil all over my back and ass, rubbing it onto my breasts,
squeezing my nipples.  With his free hand, he fingered my butt, and I knew what
I wanted. 

	"Fuck my ass with that hard cock, please," I begged. 

	"Oh, god, yes," he said, and placed he head of his cock against my ass. 
Slowly, he pushed it in.  I was so lubricated with oil that his cock slid into
me with no pain at all; it just felt fantastic, as he fucked my butt faster and
harder.  I had entered heaven and discovered it was 115 degrees there. And then
the door opened, and a young brunette woman in a bikini walked in on us.

	"Please don't stop for me," she said, "you guys are putting on one hell
of a show."  That's all I needed to hear. 

	"Fuck me, harder, please," I begged, rubbing my clit as David rammed his
cock into my butt.  We were both grunting, pounding each other, watching this
young woman watch us, watching her lightly touch her own pussy through her
bikini.  I came so loudly, and David came a second later, filling my butt with
cum. 

	"Wow, that was amazing," the young woman said.  I had to agree; it was
great. 

	"I need the shower," I said to David, and skipped naked out of the
sauna, leaving him with the young brunette.  David joined me in the shower a few
minutes later with a big grin and kissed me as we washed each other off.  We put
our suits back on, and spent the rest of the afternoon at the pool, soaking up
some rays.




	Chapter IV

	David and I stayed at pool and drank margaritas until we both got a bit
drunk.  We were the only people left at the pool, so I started flashing my pussy
and breasts at David and he would respond by showing me his cock and balls.  If
we stayed any longer, we would have ended up screwing each other right there in
the open at the pool, but common sense prevailed.  We grabbed our things and
headed back to our suite to get ready for dinner.  While I jumped into the
shower, David called home to say that his "meeting" was running long and that he
expected to spend the night.  Rather than be jealous of David's wife, I kept
wondering what they looked like together screwing and whether she had any
bi-sexual tendencies (I was beginning to believe I did). 

	I started to imagine David screwing her from behind while she licked my
pussy.  David found me in the shower, rubbing my clit lightly, and I told him I
was pretty tipsy.  David teasingly asked me if I was drunk enough to be his
compliant little sex slave and do anything he asked no matter how kinky it was. 

	I said:  "Yes, Master, your little fuck slave will do anything you want,
any time, anywhere, with anyone you say."  I was really drunk. 

	"What if I want you to get down on your hands and knees and lick another
woman's pussy while I fuck you from behind?" he asked. 

	"Anything Master wants," I answered, "but next time you have to be my
slave and do what I say." 

	"It's a deal," he replied.  We still had to go eat first, however, so I
stumbled out of the shower and began to dry off as David put on a robe.  He had
a different idea.

	He led me back into the living room and sat me at the dining table. 
Using a couple neckties, he tied my hands behind the chair, spread me wide, tied
my feet to the back legs of the wooden chair, and blindfolded me.  Then he stood
in front of me, caressing my nipples and clitoris.  I was swimming in sexuality,
filled with desire, and then there was a knock at our door.

	"Terrific, dinner has arrived," said David, "I hope you don't mind:  I
ordered room service." 

	I stayed silent.  David crossed to the door and opened it. 

	"Room service, sir," said a male voice. 

	"Thank you," said David, "please don't mind my girlfriend; she won't
care if you look."  I heard the rumble of dishes on a cart come closer and felt
someone pass in front of me.  Dishes were being placed on the table. 

	"Very nice, sir," said the man. 

	"Thank you, would you care to touch her?"  David asked.  There was
silence for a moment, then I felt fingers touching my nipples, running up and
down my rib cage, exploring tentatively, going lower and lower.  Suddenly I felt
another pair of hand grip my breasts tightly.

	"Touch her pussy, she'll love it," David said from behind me.  Two
fingers scooped down and ran up and down my inflamed wet slit.  I moaned.  I
rocked my pelvis against the fingers, burying them deeper in my slit. 

	"She's so wet," said the man.  Suddenly David was pinching my nipples
savagely, digging his fingernails into them, and he asked: 

	"Dear, would you like this nice man to fuck you with his fingers?" 

	I nodded; "please," I gasped.  The pressure on my nipples lifted
instantly.  I felt two fingers slip into my pussy, sawing in and out while David
played with my nipples.

	"More," I pleaded.  A third finger made it into my naughty hot pussy,
and I was moaning.  He tried to tuck a fourth finger in too.  It hurt, but I
wanted it desperately.  Rocking my pelvis, I suddenly felt all four fingers slip
deeply into my dirty, nasty, sloppy wet cunt.  It was too much, and I came
instantly with a scream that might have drawn the police if David had not put
his hand tightly over my mouth.  I didn't even realize it, but the hand was gone
and I was sitting in a puddle of my own pussy juices. 

	"She doesn't mean to tease you, but as you can see, she's a bit tied up. 
She would love to see you stroke your cock and cum on her tits, though.  Would
you like that?"  David asked. 

	"Yeah, okay," said the man.  David whipped off the blindfold, and
standing in front of me was a cute guy, my age, with his cock out stroking it
with the juices from my pussy all over his hand.  He looked sexy, and I loved
seeing him perform for me so much that I leaned forward and gave his cock a few
little licks.  That was all it took, and with a grunt, he shot his cum on my
chin, neck and nipples. 

	"Jeeze, I really have to go," he said, tucking his cock back into his
pants.  "Thanks for stopping by," I said.  David handed the young man a rather
large tip and showed him out. 

	"Are you hungry?  David asked me.

	After David untied me, we ate our dinner, naked, me still sitting in a
puddle of my pussy juices, and with the server's cum covering my chest. 
However, the wine was excellent.  When we finished I showered off and we climbed
into the hot tub to cuddle.  David wanted to know if I was upset about what he
had done with the room service server. 

	"Well, since he was pretty nice looking, I'm not upset; actually, it was
incredibly hot and slutty. I've never been slutty, but it was kind of fun to
'play' slut since you were here to protect me.  Did you enjoy watching him do
those things to me?"  I asked. 

	"That's not so easy to answer," David said, "I guess I liked seeing you
and how hot you were." 

	And we moved on to other less sexual topics.  For a 42 year old guy,
David was pretty cool and fun to talk with and he treated me like an equal adult
instead of like a kid.  We drank more wine and talked about sexual fantasies we
might try out together.  As he said, David had a lot of fantasies and they were
all over the map.  He wanted to dominate a sexy woman, but he also wanted to try
being harshly dominated.  He said he wanted to see a woman cum just by having
her pussy spanked with a riding crop; he wanted to be tied up and feel candle
wax dribbled on his cock and balls.  He wanted to try a threesome with another
woman and other group activities.  He had never done any of these things and had
always assumed he never would, but he deeply longed to try them all. 

	I told him about my fantasies, some of which were similar, including
being naked in the woods, tied to a tree and whipped; I admitted to him that I
once put clothespins on my nipples and pussy lips and how hot that had made me
and how I then masturbated til I came.  I even told him that I had fantasized
about him and his wife fucking me together.  That made him laugh out loud.  "I'd
like that a lot," he said, "but I don't have any reason to think she would."

	Then David jumped up and said:  "Look at the time, quickly, we need to
dry off and get dressed, we have someplace to go."  He wouldn't tell me where,
but I put my white cashmere sweater and short skirt back on while David put on
jeans and a shirt.  He led me outside, into the gardens, and around to the side
of the hotel. 

	"Remember that woman who watched us in the sauna today?" he asked.  Of
course I did.  "I spoke to her after you left the sauna and she promised she
would put on a show for us with her husband this evening.  If we sit here on the
grass, she said we'd be able to watch them in their room." 

	Sure enough, I looked over and there, 20 feet away on the first floor,
was a floor to ceiling window looking into a guest room.  Inside, I could see
the woman just coming out of the bathroom with a robe on and a man laying on the
bed.  Their lights were on and we could see everything, although they could
probably not see us in the dark.  David sat on the grass facing the room and I
sat on his lap.  Together, we watched the cute young brunette remove her robe
and climb atop her man.  She began to undress him and they kissed.  She pulled
out his huge hard on and immediately suck it deeply into her mouth.  I don't
know if the man knew he was being watched, but the woman did (she even waved
once).  They fucked in seven different positions and finally she stood with her
hands up against the window as her man came up behind her and stuck his massive
cock in her pussy.  The expressions on her face were ecstatic.  All this time,
as I sat in David's lap, I could tell my pussy was getting wetter and David's
cock was getting harder.  I straddled him and rubbed my pussy against his
jeans-covered cock.  In no time, the whole front of his pants were wet. 
Together we watched the woman get pumped harder and harder, while she played
with her clit, and finally saw them both cum.  Best show I've ever seen.  They
finally closed the curtains, and David and I were left to our own again.

	We got up and strolled without speaking, holding hands, through the
gardens in the moonlight. Our day together would end and I would not see David
for a week.  Then I remembered the door I had found in the garden that morning
and led David to it - it opened, and we entered into a small walled garden and
patch of grass.  I closed the door, unzipped my skirt, and stepped out of it. 
This time David came up to me and kissed me, passionately, gently.  We kissed
for ages before I broke off, removed my sweater, and laid down on the grass in
the middle of the garden.  David came and laid down beside me.  As we kissed
again he caressed me, my breasts, my tummy, my ass, my pussy.  He stood and
undressed, then climbed on top of me, into me.  I wrapped my legs around him and
let him pump his hard cock into me over and over, but gently this time.  I held
him tight as he came deeply in my pussy and kept pumping until I too came.  We
kissed again, dressed, and returned to our room.

	We slept together nude, holding each other tightly.  In the morning, I
had to get to work and David said it was time for him to go.  We agreed to meet
on Thursday evening the following week; I told him I wanted to arrange
everything this time; and he said he would call me to get his instructions.  We
gave each other one lingering kiss nude, then showered, dressed, and went back
to our regular lives.




	Chapter V

	Despite the virtually constant screwing during our first rendezvous at
the resort, David and I had plenty of time to talk and realize that, as well as
being lovers, we could be friends.  David and Jillian, who was 37, had been
married twelve years, and I really believed that David was happily married and
loved his wife; he made clear to me that, even if he fell in love with me, he
would never leave his wife.  That was fine with me, since I planned to attend
medical school on the other side of the country the next year.  As an activity
between college and  med school, however, screwing a well-to-do, attractive,
sexy, smart 42 year old man was a pretty good option.  For David, I think he
felt that if his fantasies didn't come true soon (and had not with his wife)
then they would never come true.  But, more than that, David professed an
attraction to me which he said he hadn't felt with any other woman, including
his wife.  He told me that the first time he saw me in the store, he thought I
was the most beautiful and sexiest woman he had ever seen.  Of course, I knew I
was attractive, but I was still flattered by his opinion.  Ending our affair,
and some day it would have to end, would be difficult for both of us.  But I
knew for sure that I was going to enjoy myself until then. 

	I had told David that I would make arrangements for our next rendezvous,
which was to be Thursday night.  David told me he would meet me as early as I
wanted, but that he would not be able to spend the night this time.  So I had
plenty of time to come up with a plan and think about future encounters,
especially when I was alone in my bed late at night thinking about our last
encounter and rubbing my clit until I'd cum several times.  Now, I'm no stalker,
but I have to admit I was very curious about David's wife.  I learned from David
that she had a very successful business career, in fact, so successful that I
found her easily through Google and saw several pictures of her on her company's
website. She was still a real knockout, with straight, short brown hair and a
very tone body. 

	I imagined meeting her in some innocent fashion - not because I wanted
to spill the beans, but because I really thought it would be cool to make love
to David and his wife together.  David laughed when I said this and said it
could never happen; he also said he had asked his wife in the past about having
a threesome but she was definitely not interested.  Needless to say, I saw this
as an interesting challenge, and from time to time would imagine her sitting on
my face while David screwed me.

	Thursday arrived, and I had a busy day planned for me and David.  I had
asked him to meet me at the storage loft which belonged to the owner of the
store I managed - a nice, clean, private, windowless, air-conditioned loft in an
old warehouse.  I also had spent a rather hefty amount of money getting a number
of special "adult" items delivered to me overnight by a porno website.  I called
in sick Thursday morning, showered, shaved, and arrived at the loft in the
morning to get ready for David.

	I heard the knock at the door right at 2:00 p.m. and spied David through
the peephole as he opened the letter I had left for him.  I saw him look around
and check that no one was in the dark hallway.  He removed his shoes and socks,
then his pants and shirt, then his boxers and put them all into the plastic
garbage bag I had left by the door, as I had instructed in the letter.  His cock
was already rock hard. Then he removed the handcuffs and blindfold from the bag,
put the blindfold on first, and handcuffed his hands behind his back, also as I
had instructed.  Then I opened the door. 

	"You look yummy," I said, and stepped up to him.  I grabbed his cock and
pulled him into the loft, shutting and bolting the door behind us.  "Today, I'm
going to tease and torment your beautiful cock for causing me to have such kinky
fantasies.  I'm going to lick it, suck it, rub it, and fuck it, but I'm not
going to let it shoot that nasty spermless cum all day.  If you're good, I may
let you cum before I finish with you tonight.  Is that clear?"  I said 

	"Yes, very clear," he replied.

	I led David across the room between two columns and attached another
cuff to each wrist; I removed his handcuffs, and used the ropes attached to his
new cuffs to pull his arms up and out.  I put another set of cuffs on his ankles
and pulled them out so he was standing with his feet several feet apart, barely
able to move.  Then I removed his blindfold and stepped back so he could see me. 
I was wearing black leather boots that went up over my knees, tight shiny black
latex panties, and a tight shiny black latex bandeau bra.  David looked at me,
and I saw a drop of pre-cum dribble out of his hard cock and drool onto the
floor.  "Nasty," I said, although I really wanted to get down on my knees and
lick his cock clean. 

	I stepped up to him and pressed my body against his; we kissed
passionately and I ran my hands up and down his back, from the top of his spine
down to his ass, briefly brushing against his balls; I felt them contract at my
touch.  I stepped behind David and rubbed my hips against his ass while running
my hands down his neck, over his nipples, and then tightly grabbed his cock and
balls.  I moved around and bent over to lick the head of his cock, and pumped it
with my hand.

	"When was the last time you came?" I asked. 

	"It's been since Monday," he said. 

	"And did you jack off then, or were you fucking your voluptuous wife?" I
asked. 

	"My wife, I fucked her," he said. 

	"Did that make her pussy nice and juicy? Did you make her cum?" 

	"Yes, yes she was very wet; she came several times," David replied.  My
pussy was getting pretty wet too.  I sucked his cock and squeezed his balls
tightly.  With my other hand, I lightly fingered David's ass.  I sucked him
until he was moaning and clearly ready to cum.  Then I stopped.

	"You are much too eager to cum, " I teased, "only I get to cum.  How
many times do you think you could make me cum in one day?" 

	"20 times?" he asked. 

	"You're very ambitious; I like that."  I poured some lubricant on my
hand and got behind him again.  I rubbed his cock and balls and fingered his ass
over and over, bringing him to the edge of cumming several times but always
backing away. 

	"Your cock is being very naughty," I told him, "and it must be punished. 
Have you had clothespins attached to your body?"  "Yes, once" he said.  "Who did
that to you?  How many?"  I asked.  "Actually, I did it to myself, like four
clips" David admitted. 

	"Well..." I started, "today, we're going to try fifty, all over your
body, and see if that teaches that nasty cock a lesson." 

	And so I started putting clothespins on David - on his chest, nipples,
tummy, thighs, balls, and finally right on his cock.  He was panting and his
erection was subsiding, so I knelt down and sucked on the head of his cock until
it was bolt upright again.  Then I got the dildo.  I stood behind David and
slathered lubricant on his ass, and then edged the dildo in.  I fucked him with
it gently, and his cock was copiously drooling pre-cum. 

	"You know what I bet would feel good now?  If you buried that hard dick
deep inside my hot wet cunt,"  I told him, and he groaned in agreement. 

	Then I slowly removed every clothespin, licking and kissing every spot
where I removed one.  Then I got some soap and hot water and washed his cock and
ass; I attached a restraining harness to his cock and attached a leash. 

	"I'm going to move you now so I can fuck you; don't try anything funny."

	I took down the ropes attached to David's arms and legs and pulled him
by the leash to the inflatable bed I had brought.  Again, I tied him to four
columns, on the bed, with his arms and legs wide open. 

	"You're going to lick my cunt and ass now, and if you don't do a good
job, I'm going to cover your cock and balls with hot wax and never let you cum." 
In fact, I had lit candles all over the loft.  I took off my latex panties and
knelt over his face, facing his cock, and lowered my totally drenched and
dripping pussy right on his mouth.  He ate my pussy like a starving man,
sticking his tongue way up into my pussy and my ass.  Before long I had cum
several times, each time drenching his face with more of my pussy juices; even
his hair looked wet.  Then I leaned forward, removed the harness from his cock,
and licked it all over, poured baby oil on it, and rubbed and rubbed again
bringing David to the edge repeatedly. 

	"How does your cock feel?" I asked him. 

	"Oh, Kate, my cock feels like its going to explode," he answered.  I
grabbed some ice and rubbed it around his cock, then more oil. 

	"It just wont go down ,that nasty cock of yours; I think I will have to
whip it," I said.  I grabbed my new riding crop and started lightly tapping on
David's cock and balls.  By now he was starting to moan.  I started smacking his
cock and balls a bit harder and harder, and the moaning got louder and longer
until I thought he would spurt. 

	This all made me so hot that I had to stop and sit on his face again. 
He licked me ravenously and this this time I came copiously; really he was
drenched in pussy juice.  I again rubbed him all over baby oil, and now grabbed
a couple tall candles full of wax.  I slowly dribbled candle wax all over his
chest, tummy, thighs, and finally his cock and balls.  David was panting, and
his cock was throbbing.  I had had enough; I needed to fuck him now. 

	"I'm going to clean you off, and then I'm going to fuck you.  You are
not to cum, understand?  If you cum, I will keep whipping your cock and balls
and pouring wax on them, and put all those clothespins back on until it's time
for you to go home.  I am not messing around anymore, I want to fuck but will
not have you spoil my plans," I told him sternly, and I meant it this time. 

	"Okay, I'll try not to cum," he said. 

	"I'm fucking serious, you will not cum."  I pulled the wax off his cock
and washed it again with water and soap, then tore off my top and climbed up
onto him.  I lowered my pussy down onto David's hard and throbbing cock.  The
thrill of feeling him inside me again was incredible.  His cock was rock hard. 
I rocked my clitoris against his pelvis.  In seconds, I came so loudly, so hard,
I thought I was in heaven.  I kept fucking him, again and again, slowing when he
asked me to, until I had cum many times.  It was early evening.  We were both a
dripping mess, stinking of my pussy juices and sweat.  Now would come the
nastiest part of my plans for the day.

	"You'd like to cum, wouldn't you?" I asked. 

	"Kate, yes, please, I want to cum so much, so deep inside you," David
begged. 

	"You've been good, so I will let you cum today, but not yet. Now, we are
going to eat and then go to a loud, crowded, sweaty dance club.  We're going to
dance, hot sexy dancing with lots of rubbing until my pantiless pussy is
dripping.  And when you get up the nerve to do it, I want you to turn me around,
bend me over, and fuck me from behind until you cum, right there on the dance
floor.  Got it?" 

	"As long as we don't get arrested," he said. 

	"We wont get arrested where we're going," I laughed.  I climbed off of
David's cock and let a last few drop of my juices dribble onto David's chest,
then rubbed it all in.  I grabbed my new black leather miniskirt and put it on
along with my tight black latex bandeau.  Then I untied David and gave him the
funky black silk pajama pants and t-shirt I had bought him to wear.  His cock
was still hard and bulged in his pants obscenely.  He looked hot and sexy and
sleazy, perfect for where we were going. 

	We went out to my car without cleaning up; I squatted and peed in the
alley.  David drove us to the outskirts of town so we could drive through the
Burger King.  On the way and in the drive-thru, I took out his cock and sucked
it to make sure it stayed hard.  David had his hand on my pantiless crotch,
dipping his fingers into my drenched pussy.  The boy at the service window liked
the show.  We drove to a corner of the parking lot and ate quickly, then I told
David where to go.  We headed back to the warehouse district, but this time to a
far more run down area.  We saw a number of young men and women, all of them
wearing dark clothes, many of the young men with shaved heads and piercings and
the women with too many tattoos going into a warehouse. 

	We parked and I gave David a permanent marker:  "Draw on me, give me
some tattoos, anything you want, words, pictures."  David draw all over me,
writing words (like "This hot cunt is owned") and pictures of animals with
hard-ons.  He drew on my pussy lips, which were dripping wet.  His cock was
still throbbing in his pants, but I dragged it out and gave him a few last sucks
to make sure he would do his duty.

	We went to the warehouse and paid our cover to get in; it was an
abandoned old place where a band had set up to play and the place was packed
with teens and young adults, some goth but mostly grunge types.  Barely dressed,
we fit right in.  It was very loud and crowded and hot.  We got right in the
middle and wrapped our arms around each other.  We were grinding lewdly against
each other, but no one could tell, it was that crowded.  David had his hand up
under my skirt, fingering my ass, and I had a hand down his pants, squeezing his
cock and balls.  I lifted his shirt and started licking and biting his nipples. 
I turned around and rubbed my ass against his hard cock, dancing to the
deafening music. 

	I faced him again and lifted a leg up around his hip so my wet pussy was
pressed against his cock.  We could both smell my pussy, and I drenched the
front of his pants.  I pulled down my bandeau and he bit and sucked on my hard
nipples.  No one noticed or cared.  David turned me around so my ass was against
his cock again; he reached around and started fingering my hot wet cunt,
bringing his fingers up so I could lick them clean.  Another hot young woman
came up in front of me and pressed her hot body against my front. 
Instinctively, I ran my hands up and down her ribs, finally squeezing her
breasts, she leaned her head back and smiled.  My hands went down, until I could
reach up under her skirt and touch her pussy.  I snaked my hand into her
panties.  She was wet.  I tasted her.  I wanted to eat her hot pussy.  She
kissed me and forced her tongue into my mouth.  Her hands grabbed my breasts,
she pulled down my top and squeezed my nipples. 

	I shouted out:  "Please fuck me, David, please please fuck me!"  He
leaned me forward.  The young woman's nipple filed my mouth.  My skirt was
lifted from behind, and then, then, I felt David sink his hard hard cock deep
into my cunt.  He fucked me hard and harder, slamming his cock into me over and
over, his balls slapping against my clit.  The woman took my hand and put it
back into her panties.  I rubbed her clit and finger-fucked while a bit on her
nipples.  She was cumming, I was cumming, and David, with a huge moan, was at
last cumming deep, deep inside my cunt.  People around us cheered.  As David's
cock slipped out of my pussy, I felt a huge load of his cum ooze down my thighs. 
The woman took a pen and wrote her name, Julie, and her number on my breast,
then skipped off.  I turned to David.  Our lips locked together and we kissed
passionately, then I led him away and out to the street.

	I drove David back to the loft and we showered together, exhausted.  It
felt so good to have his clean naked body against mine.  We kissed and kissed,
dried off, and dressed in street clothes.  David helped me clean up, and then
kissed me goodbye until next week.




	Chapter VI

	David called me early Sunday morning:  "Did you get the marker tattoos
off yet?" 

	During our last rendezvous, I had asked David to draw tattoos on me with
a marker.  "Ha-ha, yes, I used rubbing alcohol. And where's your Mrs.?" I asked. 

	"On her way to church.  She's not religious, but she likes to teach the
children," he answered; David and his wife had no children of their own.  "Did I
wake you? Are you alone?" David asked. 

	I laughed, "mmmm, baby, after you fuck me it takes me a week to
recover."  In truth, while I was not having sex with anyone else, I was also
masturbating more than once a day thinking about David and what we had done. 

	"I  have a proposal for you," he continued, "I have to go to Washington,
D.C., on Thursday afternoon for a meeting Friday and I'll be coming back
Saturday.  Would you like to come with me?" 

	"Hell yes, two days with you? Absolutely!"  I shouted. 

	"It might be a good idea for you to wear a ring, then people won't
wonder why I am wearing a ring and you are not," he said. 

	I told him:  "I have a gold friendship ring I can wear, okay?" 

	"That'll work; bring some comfortable clothes and a fancy dress - we've
been invited to a black tie embassy dinner; I'll supply the rest of what you'll
wear." 

	"So tell me," I asked, changing the subject, "did you get laid last
night?"  He had; in fact, David told me all the juicy details about sex with his
wife the night before.  It made me very hot to imagine what they had done, and I
ended up rubbing myself and cumming for David to hear while he described it all. 

	Dressed in a conservative skirt and blouse (and even a chemise and
panties),  I met David at the airport gate on Thursday at Noon.  He walked right
up to me with a huge smile, and we embraced and kissed like long lost lovers. 
He held me tightly, and I crushed myself against him.  We sat together in first
class, kissed, drank wine, grabbed each other, but it wasn't a long enough
flight to do much else.  David told me he had won a contract to design a new
French chancery in our city and that we would be having dinner (as husband and
wife) at the French embassy in Washington.  He also had a meeting there on
Friday morning, but the rest of the time he was mine; he also told me he had
special plans for Friday night.

	We kissed in the cab on the way to the hotel and felt each other up. I
was already wet and my panties were soaked; David's cock was rock hard in his
pants.  All my rubbing had made his cock drip and there was a wet spot on his
pants.  I rubbed my finger on the spot, then licked my finger clean.  We
registered at the Four Season in Georgetown and went straight to our hotel room. 
Our room had a balcony overlooking the Potomac river and office buildings in
view on the Virginia side. 

	I stepped outside; David came up behind me and put his arms around me. 
His hard cock was pressed against my butt, so I wiggled it against him.  "Keep
your hands on the rail," David told me.  He reached around and began rubbing my
breasts.  He unbuttoned my blouse and put his hands up under my chemise so he
could squeeze my nipples.  I responded by rubbing my ass harder against his
cock.  With my blouse now open, he lifted my chemise, exposing my A-cup breasts
and nipples to the bright sun.  Then David reached down and lifted up my skirt
in front; he rubbed the palm of his hand against my pantied pussy; my panties
were drenched.  He pulled my panties down and off; I scanned the office building
across the river to see if anyone was watching us.  David fingered my pussy as
my juices ran down my inner thighs.  I was close to cumming, but David stopped
to drop his pants and quickly shoved his hard cock deeply into my pussy. 

	I moaned loudly and said "oh, yes, baby, fuck me."  This time it only
took David a few minutes before he was filling my pussy with cum.  He knelt down
then and began licking my pussy.  I ground my cum-filled pussy down against his
mouth while his tongue lashed my clitoris.  Two of his fingers slid up into my
ass, and I was groaning, moaning, and finally shouting as I came in the
sunlight, in full view of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

	We moved back into our room and got on the bed; actually, there were two
queen beds so we used the one by the window.  I licked and sucked on David's
cock and balls to get him hard again.  I loved the taste of my pussy and his cum
mixed together on his cock.  When he was hard, I climbed up on straddled his
cock and slowly lowered myself on to it.  I laid down on his chest, and he held
me tightly while I wiggled my hips and ground my clit against him.  After I had
a string of small orgasms, I laid down next to David, with my ass pressed
against his cock, and he rubbed his cock up and down my ass, passing over the
entrance to my ass, and finally, with my encouragement, began to insert his cock
there while I rubbed my clit.  It hurt a bit this time since we were less
lubricated, but it was still great to have him deep inside my ass. 

	David began stuffing fingers into my pussy, and the wonderful feeling of
three fingers there and his cock in my ass at the same time convinced me that I
had to try a double penetration, and soon.  David and I came together, and we
nestled together, hugging and kissing for an hour, until it was time to get
ready for our embassy dinner.

	David was quite pleased when he saw me - I had "borrowed" a rather
expensive, formal, and yet sexy dress from the store I manage and had had it
altered to fit me perfectly.  It was black, high in the front but quite low in
the back, low enough that I had to wear it without a bra; it wasn't too short,
but I wore it with black thigh-high stockings and no panties; I had a pair of
conservative black heels to wear with it, and some diamond earrings, and of
course the "wedding ring" I had brought.  I was to be introduced as David's
wife, age 29, and say we had been married 4 years.  David, meanwhile, put on a
handsome tuxedo.  The valet called us a cab, and we headed over to the French
embassy. 

	Fortunately, it was a large buffet dinner and many people attended, so
my ruse of being David's kinky mistress pretending to be David's conservative
wife was not too difficult.  I had a lovely time flirting with an official from
the British embassy, making up all kinds of crap about me and David and our
years of marital bliss and hinting at nasty sexual secrets.  And whenever I got
the chance, I would back David against a wall, take his hand, and place it up
under my dress onto my wet, hot pussy.

	After dinner, we decided to take a taxi around the city to see the
monuments lit up at night.  In the back, David and I kissed, and I rubbed his
cock through his tuxedo pants while he rubbed my clitoris.  We stopped only
briefly to view the Washington, Lincoln and Jefferson monuments and White House
and Capitol from the taxi.  We headed back to our hotel and decided to have last
drink in the bar before bed.  We sat in plush seats in the corner and David
fetched drinks from the bar; two men sat at another table nearby.  Then David
said he wanted to see me cum. 

	"Here? Now?" I asked, with an evil grin. 

	"Yes," David hissed at me, trying to hold back his desire.  So, I raised
the front of my dress, little by little, until, as I sat with my legs slightly
parted, only he could see my hot, swollen, and very wet pussy and my hot swollen
clit peeking out.  I licked my fingers and began rubbing myself, a slight moan
escaping my lips as I dipped two fingers into my pussy for a moment to draw more
juices up around my clit.  I leaned my head back, but focused on David's
beautiful brown eyes which were wide with desire for me.  My pussy was very wet,
and the back of the dress and perhaps the chair were getting damp.  The other
men, now looking in my direction, could see that my hand was in my lap, but
couldn't see my pussy.  I looked in their eyes with passion and desire, then
returned my attention to David.  He sat stoicly as I crammed three, then four
fingers into my pussy and twisted them.  My juices were flowing fast. 

	"Put in your thumb," David asked.  I tucked my thumb underneath my other
fingers and tried to corkscrew all five fingers into my sopping wet cunt.  They
started to slip in, but I was stretched to the max, panting loudly like a slutty
bitch in heat.  I worked my fingers around and in and out of my cunt until, with
a suppressed moan, I came.  David stepped up in front of me and downed the rest
of his drink as I yanked my hand out of my dirty, naughty cunt.  He took my
dripping hand in his and helped me up, my dress slipping back down but not
before exposing my nasty wet cunt to the other two men in the bar. 

	Hand-in-hand, David led me to the men's room.  Right inside the door, I
dropped to my knees and pulled out David's hard cock.  I sucked it, and rubbed
his balls and fingered his ass until he came, quickly, shooting his cum on my
face and in my hair.  I stood and we walked out, past the two men and the
bartender, and across the lobby to the elevators, with David's cum dripping off
my face.  In the elevator, I wiped it off with my fingers and licked them clean. 
In our room at last, we quickly stripped off our clothes, kissed, and went to
right to sleep in each other's arms.

	David went back to the French embassy first thing in the morning for his
meeting; he said he would call to meet me as soon as he was done.  I had at
least the morning alone, and I felt very alone without David and pretty much
stayed in our room, only going out for a run on the trail nearby.  I was very
curious about what David had planned for our evening, and took a long hot bath
and shaved again, this time deciding to shave off all the hair around my pussy. 
It felt kinky and lewd to have a bald pussy, but I held back the urge to rub
myself.  David called at Noon and was already finished; he told me he was going
to become both rich and famous with this new contract, as the French government
had decided to build an entire cultural center and museum in our city, not just
a chancery, and David was going to design it all.  My heart beat hard; in all
honesty, I really wanted to be there with him, at his side through the times he
had ahead.  I felt a deep pang of envy for his wife, who loved him and whom he
loved, but who left something small and important out of their relationship.  I
felt angry at her and wondered what was wrong with her.

	I put on a light summer dress I had brought, totally nude beneath, and
David met me for a late but quick seafood lunch in Georgetown (raw oysters and
beer) near the hotel.  During lunch, I told David that I wanted to see the
Vietnam Memorial, so we took a taxi down to the National Mall.  We saw the
memorial and walked the Mall all afternoon until it was early evening.  We were
walking along the reflecting pool leading up to the Lincoln Monument and
everything was very quiet; all the federal workers had gone home for the weekend
and the tourists must have been eating dinner, so David and I were alone. 

	I stopped him and looked at him; he gave me a questioning look.  I
wrapped my arms around him and kissed him slowly, chastely, passionately.  I was
ready to do anything he asked.  If David had asked me to stay his mistress
forever, I would have done it then, but there was no talking.  We separated and
David sat on a patch of grass in the trees.  I walked up to him, hiked up my
dress, and straddled his lap.  His loins were hot and his cock was hard.  We
kissed, and I reached down and unzipped his fly.  I took his cock out and then
lowered myself onto his cock, so it filled me and throbbed inside me.  My dress
covered us and we sat motionless, holding each other.  We stayed like that for a
long time, kissing and rocking gently against each other. 

	Joggers passed us from time to time and gave us a curious look, but we
weren't showing off.  We were just sitting together, in the most intimate
position possible, savoring the feeling, not trying to cum, until David said we
needed to head back for dinner then get ready for the night.  I stood up,
exposing his cock and feeling my juices run down my inner thighs.  After he
tucked everything away, I held out a hand and helped him up.  We took a taxi to
one of the finest restaurants in Washington and ate and talked and drank wine.

	Back in our hotel room, we showered and put on our complimentary robes. 
David handed me a gift-wrapped package.  "This is your attire for the evening,"
he said with a big shit-eating grin. 

	Inside, on top, was a very small and transparent g-string.  I took off
my robe and put it on; my pussy was clearly visible through the thin white
cloth.  Next was something black mesh:  "It's a tube mini-dress for you to wear
tonight," David said.  I wiggled into it, and it was totally see-thru.  My
nipples were obvious; hell, it hid nothing, the white g-string was clearly
visible and you could still pretty much see my now very hot and inflamed pussy
through both.   Also in the box were slutty high heels. 

	"We're not going out in public with this on me in Washington, D.C., are
we?" I asked.

	"No," he said, "we're going to a private club.  It's a club for couples
and bisexual women to meet others interesting in getting together.  There's no
sex at the club, I'm told, but many people end up with partners before the end
of the night.  And best of all, it's 'See-Thru Night' tonight." 

	"Oh, baby, what will we do there?" 

	"Anything you like," he replied.  David dressed in hot, tight underpants
and put on the black silk pants and shirt I had given him while I brushed my
hair and put on some lipstick.  He gave me a raincoat to wear and we went down
to get a taxi.

	We arrived at the club downtown and saw a lot of very hot and sexy young
people headed in.  David paid to "join the club" and we entered into a crowded
but very clean nightclub.  The women were mostly dressed in see-thru items like
mine, some with no underwear at all.  I checked David's raincoat and we went to
the bar.  There were two bars and a dance floor, and I saw a few people dancing,
feeling each other up lewdly.  I could smell the scent of pussy in the air, and
my nipples were at full attention.  As we pushed through to the bar, any number
of hands brushed over my breasts and bare ass.  Almost naked women brushed their
breasts against me, and I was already sopping wet.  There were so many young,
beautiful people here, and so many women. 

	We got to the bar and David got us some stiff drinks.  I grabbed his
cock through his pants and it was stiff and throbbing in his underpants.  I felt
another hard cock press against my ass.  Above the bar, on TV screens, I saw a
video of two totally hot naked women crushed together in a small enclosed space,
kissing, their hands caressing each others' pussies.  I gulped my drink and
started gyrating my hips to the music, enjoying David's hard cock in front and
still feeling another hard cock pressed against my ass.  We finished a couple
drinks and I asked David to dance. 

	We went onto the dance floor and danced like teenagers - pressed against
each other.  I lifted one leg around David and pressed my hot wet pussy against
his leg and started humping it.  Others around us were dancing likewise.  A
couple of people stopped us to welcome us to the club and said we were fitting
in fine, but warned us to remember the rules.  No public sex, we were told. 
Only women in "the closet." 

	"What's the closet?" I asked, and a woman pointed at the TV screens over
the bar. 

	"That's not a movie," she said, "it's a closed circuit monitor.  Two
women can go into the closet in the back and do anything they like, as long as
there's no penetration, and everyone at the bar can watch."  I looked at the
screens again and another pair of women were in "the closet;" one was licking
the other's pussy. 

	"Wow!" I said. 

	"You just ask if you want to try it, beautiful," the woman said to me,
dancing away with her partner.  David started pinching my nipples through the
dress. 

	"You want to try it, don't you?" He asked with a smile. 

	"Absolutely, it'll warm me up for the rest of the evening."  We moved to
the lounge area and had a seat and a couple more drinks.  Several couples came
to talk with us, most of them were interested in knowing whether we had swapped
before and we said we were open to anything, but in no hurry.  But then a
beautiful young brunette with long hair, Jeanette, came and sat next to me.  Her
husband Len sat beside her.  The four of us clicked and talked about a million
things while her husband caressed her almost exposed C-cup breasts and David ran
his finger up and down my sheer pantied slit.  I found it hard to concentrate,
and our conversation got increasingly sexual.  She asked me if I like anal and
said she and her husband did it often.  I said I loved anal and that David loved
fucking my ass hard.  She asked me if I'd ever been with a woman.  I admitted I
hadn't really.  Then she asked if she could kiss me.  I almost fainted, and
whispered "yes, please." 

	She leaned in and our lips met.  Her tongue was in my mouth and mine
responded.  David moved his hand up to my nipples, and hers went between my
legs.  She caressed my pussy as we kissed, then she put two finger up under her
skirt and brought her two pussy juice drenched fingers to my mouth.  I sucked
them hungrily.  I asked her if she'd ever been in "the closet."  She said once
and would I like to try it with her. 

	"Yeah, right now," I said.  Len and David sat on the couch talking and
watching the TV screen showing the inside of the closet while Jeanette and I
made our way there. Another hot twosome was coming out, faces wet with each
other's juices.  Jeanette and I went in.  We put our arms around each other and
kissed; I couldn't believe everyone outside was watching us but it made me
incredibly hot to know they were. 

	Her fingers made it around my g-string and massaged my cunt; she had no
panties at all and her pussy was at least as hot and dripping wet as mine. 
Jeanette pulled off my dress and I removed her skirt and top.  She knelt down,
and plunged her tongue into my pussy, swirling around, licking up and down and
all around my clit.  I threw my head back and came almost instantly.  I licked
her face clean then sucked on her beautiful hard nipples.  She was rubbing her
hot wet pussy up and down my thigh.  Finally I too got down and stared at her
beautiful, naked, wet pussy.  My tongue reached in.  She smelled and tasted so
good.  She put her hands on the back of my head and held me there while I licked
her.  Her juices were soon all over my face, and she came with a gush, her
juices flowing all over my face and breasts. 

	We put our clothes back on then and headed out to find David and her
husband.  Several hot almost naked women touched me and told me we had put on a
great show.  The club was very crowded and many hands caressed my ass, breasts
and pussy, before we made it back to our guys.

	David invited them to come back to our hotel with us and they agreed. 
We got our coats and all piled into a taxi.  Jeanette ended up on David's lap
and I on Len's.  His cock was big and hard and I wiggled on it while he rubbed
my breasts.  Jeanette and I kissed.  We were quite a sight when we arrived at
our fancy hotel, but made it to our room in no time.  Jeanette stripped off and
I stripped to my g-string. 

	Then we were on the bed, tongue kissing.  Len got behind me and rubbed
his hard naked cock against my ass.  David was doing the same to Jeanette.  She
moved over into a 69 with David and hungrily sucked his cock.  I grabbed a
condom for Len, and leapt on top of him, soon pounding up and down with his fat
cock in my pussy. 

	"David, please fuck my ass," I begged.  While Jeanette got up and sat on
her husband's face and kissed me and twisted my nipples, David got behind me and
eased his lubricated cock into my ass.  The feeling of two cocks in me at the
same time was amazing; it totally filled me up.  Soon, Jeanette's husband came
and she wanted to fuck David, so he laid down and she got up onto his cock while
I sat on his face, smothering him with my pussy juices.  She fucked him hard and
fast, and with an enormous moan David came, shooting all the cum he had saved up
during the day.  Jeanette and I got into a sixty-nine, with her on top.  While I
sucked on her clit, her husband got behind her and rammed his cock into her ass. 
I licked her clit and lapped at her pussy until I saw her husband's balls
contract and heard him grunt that he was cumming; he pulled out and shot his cum
all over Jeanette's ass and my face.  I redoubled my efforts licking her as she
licked me and plunged her fingers into my hot cunt and ass, until with a loud
moan, she came again and gushed her pussy juices all over my face.  The bed was
soaked. 

	Then David got behind me and fucked my pussy while Jeanette licked my
clit and her husband put his cock in my mouth.  David fucked me hard, ramming
into me again and again.  Suddenly I could feel his cock erupt in my cunt.  I
came too, and then Jeanette's husband showered my breasts and Jeanette with cum.

	We were all wasted.  We grabbed a few drinks from the mini-bar and
relaxed before Jeanette and her husband hopped into our shower, dressed, and
headed home.  I was exhausted from the amazing sex.  David and I showered
together and washed each other and kissed. We curled up on the clean bed and
fell asleep again in each other's arms.  We slept until eleven the next morning,
made our way to the airport, and then headed to our homes alone.




	Chapter VII

	When I awoke on Sunday morning, I had been dreaming about my recent trip
to Washington with David and about all the hot sex we had had there.  It was my
week to come up with a plan and I had several things in mind.  I had to call my
parents, who lived just outside of town, and see if they had any plans to go
away on one of their Garden Club trips soon.  Unfortunately, they were not going
away in the coming week, but would be away a few days the week after.  Then I
went online and started fantasizing about several very nasty and dirty sexual
scenarios.  I had some contacts to update and a couple purchases to make, as
well. 

	As usual, David called later in the morning while his wife was at
church, but he had some bad news.  "I'm not going to be able to see you this
week, it's my schedule, I just have far too much work to get done," he said. 
"But on Saturday my wife is going to an international conference in Tokyo for
ten days, and we can spend the whole time together." 

	"Oh, that sounds good," I said excitedly, "can you come stay with me?" 

	"Absolutely, and I'm going to make love to you every morning and night." 

	In fact, the timing was perfect, since I had to postpone my big plans
until next week when my parents would be away and I was due to get my period any
minute.  David and I didn't talk long, but he said he would check in with me
later in the week.  In a slip, as I said goodbye, I told David I loved him.  I'm
not sure he even heard it.  But I did love him, I loved every minute we were
together.  I felt like a special and incredible woman with David.  It was bad,
but I decided to apply for medical school right here in our city as well, just
to leave the option open.  I wouldn't tell David.  I didn't know if he loved me,
but I knew I made him very happy. 

	Saturday morning, David arrived at my apartment.  We hugged tightly and
kissed like long separated lovers; he smelled great - like sex.  There was no
kink this time; we were both ravenous for each other and quickly ripped off our
clothes, but David said he had a small surprise for me.

	"My wife gave me a goodbye fuck last night before leaving for Tokyo; her
dried pussy juices are still all over my cock and balls." 

	Mmmmm, he knew how much I longed to get into a threesome with wife and
how much I wanted to lick her hot pussy while David fucked me.  I jumped at his
cock and licked his cock and balls, trailing my tongue up and down his shaft and
squeezing his balls in my mouth until his cock was all drippy.  But, I wanted
him on top of me, fucking me hard, so I laid down and pulled him on to me.  His
cock slid easily into my wet pussy and he fucked me soft and hard until we both
came and collapsed in a sweaty heap.

	Afterwards, I showed David my first little surprise.  I had signed up
with a meeting website for swingers and single bi-women and had located and been
in e-mail contact with a hot couple in our area.  David and I both wanted to
have more group experiences, and I even found an "on-premises" club near us we
both wanted to try.  David was excited but a little nervous about meeting people
from our area.  Of course, I shared that concern, but it went both ways - the
people we would meet would expect our discretion as well.  David agreed to give
it all a try, which was good because I had already made plans to meet the couple
for drinks that evening.  I showed David their pictures on the website, and he
could not believe how hot they were.  However, they were only interested in
"same room sex" and not swapping. 

	Although David and I had tried swapping, I also know that he is very
visually oriented, so this was just a little treat.  I had a lot of other plans
in the back of my mind.  That evening, me dressed in my nice summer dress again
with nothing underneath except my wet, bald pussy, we met "Kelly" and "Jim" at a
little bar out in the suburbs.  Jim was tall, athletic, and very handsome.  I
knew from his pictures that he was also hung like a horse. Kelly was a gorgeous
woman with wavy black hair, blue eyes, D-cup breasts, and a shaved pussy.  They
were simply gorgeous, and I was almost drooling at the thought of seeing them
fuck.  They had never done anything like this before and, although nervous, were
completely open about their past sexual experiences; they'd had a lot of outdoor
sex - it was big with them, probably because they liked the idea of being caught
in the act or maybe they just liked being outside. 

	I mentioned that since I met David I had pretty much stopped wearing
underwear, and Jim asked me to prove it.  I hiked up my skirt a bit and showed
them my very hot naked pussy.  David suggested we play a little pool and Kelly
asked if we'd be up to a wager. 

	"Like what?"  I asked. 

	"Hmmm, let's see," she said. "We'll play teams.  Whichever team wins
gets to watch the losers do it, any way and any place the winners choose." 

	"You're on," I said quickly. 

	We all went over to the pool table.  Needless to say, there was a lot of
bending over by both me and Kelly, which drew a small group of on-lookers.  She
had on a cute little g-string, and didn't mind showing it off.  Jim was clearly
developing a hard on by watching my pussy peek out from time to time.  I almost
blew our game by getting up behind David on one of his shots and grabbing his
balls from below; the cue ball almost went off the table!  But, in the end,
David and I won.

	"Don't worry too much," I told them, "David and I probably wont be able
to control ourselves while we watch you two." 

	Jim and Kelly were pretty excited to have lost and I think they might
have even thrown the game.  David and I conferred for a moment and came up with
an idea. 

	David said:  "Tell us some place we can all go, someplace outside."  Jim
smiled and Kelly's eyes widened mischievously; they asked us to follow them in
our car.  We had passed a state park on the way to meet them, and they led us
back there. 

	The park was supposedly closed at dusk, and it was quite dark now so we
parked on the street.  "We've been here a few times," Kelly said, "follow us." 
She led us down a path through the woods several minutes until we came to a
clearing, we marched on through the moonlight.  It was a cool summer evening and
the stars were bright.  It was warm and lovely.  Up ahead, Jim and Kelly had
stopped to kiss.  I imitated them with David and felt his throbbing cock press
against me.  We walked through taller grasses, which was very interesting, as
the cool blades of grass were high enough to brushed my naked pussy.  Now I was
getting really horny and my juices were dripping down my inner thighs. 

	We walked about 20 minutes in all and couldn't see any lights from where
we stopped, in a dense hollow in the woods.  There were signs of past campfires
here, visible in the moonlight, and Jim started a very small campfire so we
would have a little light.  Kelly sat on his lap and they kissed passionately. 
Jim had his hands under Kelly's shirt and rubbed her hefty breasts, then moved
his hand down under her skirt and rubbed her pussy.  They both looked so yummy,
and I wished I could go join in and kiss Kelly too.  I sat in David's lap and
whispered in his ear how much I wanted to lick her.  He laughed, and kissed me;
his hard cock was nestled nicely against my wet pussy, and I'm sure his pants
were getting soaked. 

	We watched as Kelly stood and removed her shirt, bra, and skirt, then
undressed Jim, exposing a massive and very hard cock that must have been 10
inches long and very fat.  Kelly stretched out on the grass near the fire.  Jim
climbed on top of her, then moved down and kissed her nipples, her tummy, and
licked her between her legs until she was panting and saying over and over
"that's it, yes, oh yes! Fuck me with your tongue, darling!"  Ohh, how I wanted
to join in, especially as David's hand found its way to my pussy and rubbed me
and slipped in and out making me moan. 

	Kelly climbed on top of Jim, and slowly lowered her wet pussy onto his
massive cock.   It took several minutes, but she took all of it and began
bouncing up and down, her long black hair flying, like a Greek goddess in the
moon and firelight.  When she came, Kelly grunted like a wild animal and growled
and shrieked.  By now my pussy was positively drooling and my dress was up to my
shoulders so David could play with my nipples.  Kelly climbed off of Jim, and
with her freshly fucked and dripping pussy facing us, began to devour his huge
cock. 

	Finally, she got on all fours, her breasts swaying below her, and Jim
entered her from behind, pounding his beautiful massive cock into her again and
again, while Kelly repeatedly shouted "fuck me, fuck me harder, harder."  David
lifted off my dress and I imitated Kelly, getting on all fours; soon David was
behind me, fucking me while I moaned and growled like an animal too.  With a
series of huge grunts and moans, Jim got ready to cum, pulled out, and shot his
cum all over Kelly's ass and back, before collapsing on top of her.  David kept
at me until I had cum twice, before finally shooting his cum all over my breasts
and tummy. 

	Jim and Kelly both loved showing off and we loved seeing them, but I had
to admit I frustrated that I didn't get to fuck Kelly.  She didn't mind that I
wanted to, but she wasn't really into it either.  They were pure exhibitionists,
beautiful people who wanted to be seen, and we were the lucky ones to watch. 
After the fire was put out, Kelly and I walked naked, hand in hand, through the
woods and fields back to our cars with Jim in front and David behind.  I kissed
Kelly goodbye and the boys shook hands.  But we never saw Jim and Kelly again.




	Chapter VIII

	There was nothing better than going to sleep, naked, in David's arms,
and then waking up, naked, in his arms.  We made love every morning before
getting out of bed.  On Tuesday, David said he had a little surprise for me that
evening.  He gave me a card key for a hotel room downtown and asked me to be
there at seven p.m. sharp: no earlier or later.  I did as he asked.  Planning
for a sexy rendezvous, I wore a very short miniskirt and tight top, looking very
much like a hooker. 

	I arrived at the room at seven and let myself in.  There was an open
bottle of wine on the table, a digital voice recorder, a letter, a small
package, but no David.  The letter read:  "Don't move anything, stand still, and
read on.  Please enjoy two or more glasses of wine while watching a pay-per-view
porno on TV; at seven-thirty, listen to the first recording on the digital voice
recorder.  Follow all my directions and you will get a very nice reward." 

	So, I poured a glass of wine, laid down on the bed, and put on a steamy
little flick that involved two drop dead gorgeous women in a sixty-nine. 
Needless to say, this made me very hot and wet and I had to touch myself a bit,
even though I had not been told to do so.  By seven-thirty, I was very horny and
the wine had a nice effect on my mood.  I played the first recording, and
David's voice said:  "Darling, you are so good and so much fun and such a
naughty little slut at times, aren't you?  If you do everything as I direct, you
will get a very nice reward at the end of the evening and will be very happy. 
The first thing I want you to do is undress.  Please do so, and then play
recording two." 

	So, I slipped off my shoes and miniskirt and shirt, then played
recording two:  "See? That was easy.  Now open the box and take out envelope
one.  Use what you find inside all over your body, every inch, then play
recording three." 

	I opened the package and took out the envelope.  Inside was a bottle of
massage oil. I poured some in my palm and rubbed the oil on my feet, legs,
thighs, pussy, tummy, arms, ass, breasts, and back.  It felt very sexy and dirty
and my pussy was really hot now and my nipples achingly hard.  I played the next
message:  "Great, now, inside envelope two in the box you will find a vibrating
latex anal plug.  Please insert it into your hot ass and then play the next
recording." 

	Wow!  I jumped at the box and pulled out the second envelope.  Inside
was a medium sized remote-controlled vibrating anal plug.  I licked it a couple
times on the tip, swirled it around in my pussy juices and massage oil to
lubricate it, and then began to push it against my ass.  It was pretty big, but
after a few minutes and a mini orgasm, I got it safely nestled all the way in my
ass.  It filled me up nicely.  I played the next recording:  "Good girl, you're
doing great and I hope you are enjoying yourself [I was]. Now get out envelope
three and attached the item enclosed." 

	I opened the envelope, and inside was a set of nipple clamps connected
by a chain.  I attached a clamp tightly to each nipple, which sent shock waves
down to my hot pussy.  The heavy dangling chain swayed and yanked on my nipples,
driving me crazy and making my pussy drip onto the carpet.  I played the next
recording:  "Very good, just a couple more things and then you get your reward. 
First, open the last envelope, which contains a pair of handcuffs, then open the
window curtains all the way, then sit in the chair facing the window, and hand
cuff your hands together behind the chair.  Then, and only then will you get
your reward." 

	I was shaking as I opened the envelope and took out the cuffs, and
walked to the window.  There was a plain wooden chair a couple feet from the
window.  I pulled open the curtains all the way and looked out.  About twenty
feet away, through the glass of another guest room facing mine, stood David and
four other men.  They were not looking my way, but then David turned and winked
at me and pointed in my direction.  The other men turned, and now they were all
watching me.  I sat on the chair, which was short, and lewdly spread my legs out
in front of me, showing off my hot wet cunt.  I cuffed my hands behind my back,
while making direct eye contact with each of the men in turn.  Suddenly the
vibrating anal plug came to life and started vibrating and twisting in my ass. 
I moaned aloud.  David gave me a thumbs up sign and pulled out his cellphone. 
He made a quick call, and seconds later the door to my room opened behind me. 

	Someone came in and I heard someone undressing.  Suddenly a tall, thin,
naked and terribly sexy woman was standing in front of me. 

	"Hi, cutie," she said, "I'm your reward."  She stepped behind me and
held my head.  She tilted it back and straddled my face.  Her pussy was wet and
smelled great.  I knew just what to do, and began licking her clit and
tongue-fucking her hot dripping cunt.  She didn't press down hard on my face,
but gyrated and spread her juices all over it.  I lapped and sucked on her clit
until she came twice.  Then she climbed off my face, and I saw David and the men
across the way clapping. 

	Now the woman got down between my open thighs and began licking my clit. 
Staring into the eyes of David and the other men, I succumbed to my desires and
rubbed my pussy on her tongue, moaning loudly and begging her to make me cum.  I
did, a gut wrenching orgasm that caused me to groan loudly.  She kept licking
me, and I came again and again, seven times in all, until I was totally spent. 
Then and only then did the vibrating in my ass stop.  The woman gently removed
my nipple clamps, which was agonizingly painful and sexy, and kissed my nipples. 
Then she stood, closed the curtains, and kissed me. 

	"Thanks, cutie."  She went behind me and I could hear her dressing, she
went to the bathroom, and then left, leaving me on the chair in a post-orgasmic
haze.

	Some minutes later the door opened again and someone walked up to me. 
It was David, standing in front of me now. 

	"Did you like your reward?" he asked. 

	"Mmmmmmmmm, yes, I sure did.  It was delicious, but I still prefer the
taste of your cum to anyone else's." 

	"Good," David said, "because my old college buddies and I got pretty
worked up watching you ladies.  I've got a huge wad of cum stored up for you; do
you want it?" 

	"Yes, please," I replied.  David dropped his pants and pulled out his
hard cock.  He stepped up and slipped it in my mouth.  I sucked and licked him
and he fucked my mouth harder and deeper until, with a groan, he filled my mouth
with cum.  I swirled it in my mouth and swallowed it all, then David bent and
kissed me passionately.  He unlocked my cuffs and helped me remove the anal
plug.  He led me to a hot shower and washed me.  We returned to the bed where he
gentle made love to me.  And then we dressed, and we returned to my home
together to sleep, naked in each others arms.




	Chapter IX

	Friday morning finally arrived, and it was a warm, sunny, glorious
summer day.  I had postponed my big plans for David and me until today.  David's
wife was still away in Tokyo (until Tuesday morning) and, although he had been
living with me for the past six days, David had agreed to take the day off work
(as I had done) so we could get up early and be ready to go. Of course, David
didn't know my plans or where we were going.  We were up at seven in the morning
and on our way down the highway.  We stopped at the Fresh Fields supermarket and
picked up finger foods for the weekend - cheese, bread, fruits, deli meats,
yogurt, and such, as well as massive amounts of frozen margarita fixings, wine,
and water. 

	We drove another twenty minutes and then I directed David off the
highway, through a new subdivision, to more forested area with larger homes and
horse farms tucked away behind white paddock fences.  At last, I told him to
turn into a driveway leading through a fence and into the woods.  I leapt out to
open the gate and asked David to drive up and stop so I could close the gate
behind us.  Then I got back into the car and asked him to turn off the motor for
a minute.

	"This is where we're spending the weekend," I told David. 

	"In the car?" he jokingly asked. 

	"Well, don't freak out, but this is my parent's place, but they're not
here.  They went away for a few days and I told them I would be out with a
friend this weekend.   Tomorrow I have some activities planned, but today, we'll
call it the 'day of total nudity',"  I told him with a grin, "So, what we need
to do right now is take off all our clothes and any other clothes we've brought,
and we're going to lock it all in the trunk for the rest of the day." 

	"You're in charge," he said, pulling off his t-shirt.  We both undressed
and took the other things we brought (except toothbrushes and stuff) and put
them all in the trunk of David's car and shut them in.  David was giving me the
eye, as usual; he's the horniest guy I ever met, even at age 42.  Then we got
back in the car, and I told David we could go ahead up to the house. 

	"When my parents bought this place, it was way out in the country; but
the city has gotten bigger and now we're in the suburbs.  In fact, this was our
weekend place when I was girl," I said.

	"The trees in the woods are huge," David remarked, looking at the dense
forest filled with old pine trees; the pine needles kept down the underbrush and
made the woods a pleasant place to walk. 

	"Yes, it's pretty much all pine trees in the woods, the property is
about 50 forested acres, and there's a paddock fence that runs around the whole
exterior of the property."  We drove on through the trees until we were deeply
in the woods and came to the house on a hill in a wide clearing.  The house,
which my parents had fixed up over the years, was pretty big and very
comfortable, and in backyard there was a patio and big swimming pool and spa.

	We got out of the car, nude and running free on this great warm sunny
day, and brought our food up to the house.  David and I couldn't keep our hands
off each other and kept squeezing and grabbing each other.  We mixed our first
round of frozen margaritas, and I showed David our bedroom which had a huge
antique canopied bed.  David was all smiles.  Then I grabbed my tanning oil and
towels, and we headed out to the pool.  I ran, and David chased me, his cock
bobbing up and down.  He sloshed some margarita onto his front and I got to lick
it off, yum. We spread our towels out on the stone deck and sipped our drinks.  
I felt so delicious laying out fully naked in the sun with David, and he looked
yummy, naked in the sun, with his cock at half mast.  It looked so good I had to
give it a little kiss.  David laughed and said my lips were cold, so I took a
big gulp of my frozen margarita and took his cock into my mouth with it.  His
hot cock got instantly hard in my freezing cold mouth. 

	But we were just fooling around and I didn't mean to tease David all
day, so I asked him if he would put some tanning oil on me.  I laid down on my
stomach and spread my thighs slightly.  David was very enthusiastic about the
task and poured a generous amount of oil on my back.  His strong hands spread
the oil and massaged my back, butt and legs.  More than once, oil flowed down
the crack of my butt, and David's hands chased it, rubbing and massaging the oil
into my ass, pressing his fingers in slightly, making me really hot.  As soon as
he finished my back, I offered to do his.  David laid down on his stomach and I
poured a lot of oil on his back.  I straddled his thigh, grinding my wet pussy
on him.  I massaged the oil into his back and ass, and likewise rubbed the oil
around his ass and fingered him a little.  I could see David's hard cock,
pointed down, between his thighs.  I rubbed more oil on his balls and saw his
cock drip pre-cum.  But this was just teasing still, and I eventually laid down
again on my tummy.  We continued sipping our drinks and I ran up to the house to
get another round. 

	We lounged in the sun for a while and then decided to go for a swim.  I
jumped in the pool and David dove in and tried to grab me.  I played hard to get
and he  chased me around the pool.  He grabbed me at last (I let him, really)
and we hugged each other in the water and kissed; David's hard cock poked
against my pussy and felt delicious in the cool water.  We swam around and
splashed and climbed back out onto our towels. 

	This time, I asked David to spread tanning oil on my front, and I spread
my legs lewdly exposing my hot cunt.  Again, he poured oil on my chest and
rubbed and squeezed my nipples, then moved down to my tummy and thighs, before
rubbing oil all around my pussy, whose juices were running copiously down over
my ass.  But David didn't touch my clit or finger my pussy or ass for now,
getting even with me I suppose.  Of course, he wanted me to return the favor, so
I poured a bunch of oil right on his cock and balls and massaged him until he
was begging me to let him cum.  Of course, I did not; instead, I jumped back
into the pool.  We also played a kinky little game of bocce ball - who ever was
farthest from the target had to service the other person orally for one minute. 
We played like twenty rounds and both got really horny. 

	Our outdoor play went on all morning until we got pretty hungry, so we
went up to the house to get some snacks for lunch.  We picnicked outdoors on the
patio in the shade and fed each other berries and drank more margaritas.  David
was so sexy to look at; I loved just looking at him naked, and having him naked
all day was as much fun as I'd hoped. 

	He seemed to like it too, and, after lunch, he told me:  "Kate, you are
so beautiful, and so natural when you are nude; clothing just masks your beauty,
but seeing you like this makes me want to embrace you and kiss you every second
of the day.  You are so special."  Of course, I was pretty flattered and sat on
David's lap and gave him a big wet kiss.  My hot little pussy literally drooled
all over his bare cock, so I had to clean that off.

	After lunch, I talked David into going for a hike with me in the forest. 
Since the property was fenced, no one else ever walked through.  The forest had
a lot of paths and secret places.  Mostly, the forest was pine trees and open
ground, but some areas had overgrown some and were dense with prickers and
nettles.  We walked through the woods along the paths, in and out of the
sunshine, holding hands, naked all afternoon.  I showed David the large pond,
which you could actually swim in, and the fresh water streams you shouldn't
drink from, the foxhole I had dug out as a kid (just a large muddy hole), and
the "campsite." 

	The campsite was a place we had cleared out when I was a child.  It had
a brick ring for campfires and a small log cabin containing a bench, table, and
large platform to lay sleeping bags upon.  I had only slept there a couple times
as a child and remembered it as being pretty spooky.  Finally, David and I went
back to the pool and went for another swim.  This time, when we kissed, it was
loving and very very intense.  We got back out and laid down on our towels.  As
we lay in the sunlight, I kept my hand on David's cock and balls and played with
them.  I asked David if he would consider shaving down there too, like I had,
but he thought that would be a little much for his wife who had only recently
let him shave her after years of begging.  I must say, she really didn't know
how much fun she was missing. 

	Finally, I was just so horny I leaned over and kissed David; his hand
found my pussy and cupped it.  It was burning up.  I climbed on top of David in
a sixty-nine, and we licked and sucked each other, his tongue exploring every
fold of my pussy and ass.  I devoured his cock and balls and lapped at his ass
and stuck my tongue in as far as I could. 

	"Please fuck me," David begged.  I mounted his cock and slowly lowered
myself onto him, as we lay outdoors in the broad daylight by the pool.  It felt
so free and natural and pleasant, like fucking each other was the most wholesome
activity on Earth.  We moved around a few times, but with me back on top, I
pounded down on David's cock and ground my clit against him until I was
shouting, scaring the birds, and screaming out my orgasm in the sunshine, and
David, almost simultaneously, erupted and filled my pussy with so much cum that
it oozed out and covered his balls and ass.  Naturally, I licked him clean, and
then we went for another naked swim. 

	It was getting to be early evening, so I told David I had a couple
things to do to prepare for the next day and asked him to fix dinner - we had
picked up steaks and lobster tails to grill (David liked to eat well).  He was a
little worried about his bare cock touching the hot grill, so I told him he
could wear an apron.  It looked really silly with his butt sticking out, but at
least it was a nice butt.  I went off to arrange a few surprises for David.  We
ate again on the outdoor patio - our grilled meats, salad, grilled summer corn,
and much wine, and told each other awful jokes that made me laugh so hard I
actually spitted out some food.  Not very ladylike, I know, but it made David
laugh even harder. 

	After dinner, we took our wine and berries to the spa and climbed in
next to each other.  We agreed it had been a great day and a lot of fun to spend
it entirely naked with each other, and we kissed and caressed each other and
talked about a million things.  At one point, David said:  "The only problem
with our arrangement is that we really can't share it with anyone, except maybe
people like Kelly and Jim [the couple we had met to watch have sex last Saturday
night]." 

	I agreed, and said "that may be one reason why so many of the couples on
the swinger website want to become friends with other people in the lifestyle
first.  We could do the same, I guess." 

	"Yeah, I suppose," David said, "although you will eventually go off to
medical school." 

	"That doesn't mean we can't share our good times with some nice people
now, and who knows what will happen in the future?"  I told him.  David didn't
reply to that.  We sat out quietly then until the moon came up and the stars
shone brightly. 

	Finally, disappointed that the day was ending, we dried off and moved
inside to our bedroom.  David lit a few candles and I spread out nude on the
huge bed beneath the heavy canopy.  David climbed in to find me looking at him
lovingly.  He kissed my knees, thighs, pussy, tummy, nipples, neck and then I
grasped him tightly and kissed him hard on the lips. 

	"Okay," I said, "let me tell you a few things.  First of all, I am
totally in love with you.  I may just be your kinky little mistress, but I can't
stop thinking about spending the rest of my life with you.  I want to be with
you all the time.  I know how bad that is, how much it violates everything we
agreed upon.  But I know you won't leave your wife, so it makes me really sad. 
I'm just a naughty little bitch." 

	David choked out: "don't you think I have strong feelings for you, too? 
I love being with you, Kate.  I love that your attitude toward everything is so
fresh and enthusiastic.  I love your humor and your brain and your playfulness. 
But eventually you will need to move on and then so will I." 

	"Look," I told him, "I need you, I want you to show me something; I want
you to teach me that being a little slutty mistress and belonging to you means
more than just days of great fucking.  I want you to show me that being a slutty
whore means that you can do anything with me you want, so I have a special plan
for tomorrow."

	I went to the dresser and got out a box I had put there.  "Let me
explain what we're going to do," I started.  "When you wake up tomorrow, I'll
have already gone outside.  You can do whatever you like, get dressed, sit at
the pool, anything.  But, until midnight tomorrow, I will do and want to submit
to anything your wildest imagination can devise.  When you get up, I'll be out
in the woods, naked and hiding like a runaway slave girl.  I will not leave the
property or pass over the fence that surrounds the property.  Now open the box." 
David opened the box and found a paintball gun. 

	"It's borrowed, so please don't lose it," I said, "and it has three
paintballs in it.  Before midnight tomorrow, you must track me down and capture
me by shooting me with a paintball, but you only get those three chances.  If
you don't capture me, I will escape and that means that you don't control me and
I will probably go out and fuck up your whole life.  If you do capture me, I
want you to take me to the campsite I showed you.  You will have until midnight
to teach me the lesson I need and want to be taught.  I have left a lot of
things there you can use.  You can do anything to me and to my body you want: 
fuck me, whip me, brand me, anything at all.  Can you do that, can you be
ruthless with me?" 

	"Yes," was all David said.  Then he put the box down, kissed me once
more tenderly and lovingly, and blew out the candles.  For a change, we were
laying down somewhat apart. 

	In the dark, I heard David whisper to me:  "I love you, Kate," and I
replied, "I love you too."




	Chapter X

	By seven the next morning the sun was well up, but the air was foggy and
cool.  I had already been awake a couple hours and was naked in the forest.  I
was nervous as hell.  This wasn't going to be good for me either way, but today,
at least, it was all up to David because today I belonged to him body and soul. 
Whether I was caught or not would be entirely up to David and how hard he tried
to find me.  The forest was big, but not so big that I could really hid in it
all day.  David could be out looking for me now, or he could be back at the
house drinking coffee and watching TV.  I knew if he found me, it would not be
pleasant. 

	I was off in the woods in a place where the trees were thicker.  I laid
down in the cool pine needles, which poked and tickled my body, and brushed some
up on my back, and watched.  An hour passed, and I could feel ants crawling on
my body and had to pee, so I got up cautiously and hid behind a large old pine. 
Just as I was letting go, I heard a stick break and peeked around.  I didn't see
anyone, but being spooked I decided to crawl away.  I got down on my belly and
crawled beneath some underbrush.  The needles poked and scratched me all over,
and a branch dug into my butt.  I was getting muddy already.  I stayed here for
a while but decided it might be a good idea to move.  I figured David would try
looking in all the places I had shown him, so I stayed away in the darker parts
of the forest, getting muddier and filthier with every passing minute.  My heart
was pounding; I wasn't sure I had done the right thing, maybe this was a huge
mistake. 

	I heard footsteps and crouched down low in a low spot between two trees. 
The low spot had collected water and was filled with black mud which got smeared
all over my legs, cunt, ass, tummy, and breasts. 

	I heard him then:  "I see you, stay there!"  But I couldn't stay; I
bolted, running through the trees that whipped my breasts, tummy, cunt and legs
as I went diving through the trees.  I came up to the pond and slipped on the
muddy bank and slid in.  Rather than climb out, I decided to swim to the other
side.  On the other side I ran again, then turned left and doubled back, finally
crouching down cautiously to see if I could spot David.  Not looking where I was
going, I tripped and fell into the brambles.  The thorns dug into my naked skin
and I screamed out.  I climbed out painfully and ran off again, arriving at my
old foxhole.  I dove in and was again covered in mud.  I had to take a minute to
pick the thorns out of my skin.  One was buried in my left nipple; another had
stuck right next to my clit.  As I pulled it out, I realized my cunt was
drenched and inflamed.  Despite the mud, I was driven to rub my pussy for a
moment.  Ohhh, what did I want?  To be caught, fucked, abandoned?  I didn't
know.  I didn't have to know.  It was for David to decide.

	By now, however, I had gotten very thirsty, and there were only four
places in the forest where I had left large bottles of water for me to drink: at
each corner of the rectangular property.  I headed in the direction of the
nearest corner, which also ran along side the road. I ran crouching through the
woods until I reached the corner, but there were many cars driving past now and
there was no way I could get the bottle without being seen.  I got down on my
tummy and crawled as low as I could to the water bottle.  I was actually
dragging my hot cunt on the pine needles and was afraid I would cum.  Just then
someone honked their horn.  I grabbed the bottle and ran into the trees. 

	I had a chance to stop and drink deeply, but again I heard footsteps and
looked cautiously around the tree to see David just a few feet away.  He was
dressed in jeans, a t-shirt and sneakers.  He held the paintball gun.  He was
not playing around. 

	"Come out, Kate.  You know I will get you eventually," he called out to
the trees.  Obviously he didn't know where I was, but thought I was in the area.   
He stopped to pee against a tree, and when he had his cock in his hand I made my
break, running again through the trees as hard as I could, being whipped by the
branches and stuck by thorns across my arms, breasts, tummy and legs.  A
paintball exploded against a tree a few inches to my right.  David was running
after me, and much better dressed to do so.  I slammed into a tree and felt the
rough bark scratch across my nipples.  I hurdled a fallen tree and zigzagged
through the woods before diving under some more underbrush.  Laying on the cool,
muddy dirt with thorns sticking in my side, back and butt, I tried to control my
breathing.  David ran past. I couldn't believe how horny I was. 

	All I wanted now was to get fucked, and with mud covering my body and
thorns sticking in my breasts and inner thighs, I rolled over and began rubbing
my nasty cunt in earnest.  I needed to cum.  I wanted David to fuck me but
wasn't sure if he would.  "Come out now, on your hand and knees" he said,
standing only a few feet away from me.  I jumped and yanked my muddy hand away
from my cunt. 

	I crawled out, panting, and David had the paintball gun trained on me. 
But maybe he had not loaded it correctly?  So, I jumped up and began to run. 
Instantly, I felt the wet smack of the paintball on my ass.  I stopped, and fell
to my knees.  I was David's, and now he had me.

	At the campsite, David tied my hands tightly behind my back.  He held a
water bottle to my lips and asked me to drink.  He poured the water in, and it
cascaded down over my chin and washed some of the dirt off my breasts, tummy,
pussy and legs.  He didn't speak.  He tied a bandana across my mouth as a gag. 
He tied a nasty, prickly old hemp rope around my waist.  The rope dangled down
in front.  He threaded it between my legs and up my back, then threw the rope up
over a branch.  He pulled the rope so it was right at my pussy and at the
slightest move I would feel the prickly rope on my pussy and ass; a step in any
direction would cause it to dig in and burn.  He tied the rope off and came
around as I stood before him. 

	"You are really fucking filthy," David said, "if you wanted me to fuck
you today, you should have picked a less filthy place to play your games.  But I
think you will see now that this is not a game.  This is my life and yours, and
its very serious.  You never marked me, but rest assured that you will go home
marked and you'll remember where you got them." 

	He grabbed my nipples and twisted them savagely, and I moaned in pain. 
But, ohhh, the feelings in my nasty hot cunt!  I had never been so aroused.  My
cunt was his! 

	"You know," he said, "it's not even quite noon yet." 

	David rummaged through the bags I had left and pulled out the riding
crop, the same crop I had used on his cock and balls.  "We'll start with five
smacks on each of your tight ass cheeks.  Count them aloud."  With that, he drew
back and with a swish I heard the crop fly through the air.  I jumped out of the
way, and the crotch rope dug deeply into my cunt and burned like fire.  I
screamed! and moved back where I was. 

	"You see," he said, "you cannot move away.  Moving away hurts too, but
it wont spare you the ten smacks."  I stood, panting, waiting.  I heard the
swish again and then a crack and my left ass cheek erupted in fire.  I stepped
forward and again felt the rope burn my cunt.  I steadied myself, and grunted
out "one."  Another swish, crack, "two."  I tried to hold steady through all
ten, but my ass was on fire.  When it was over, my legs felt rubbery and I just
sat on the rope, bitterly enduring the searing pain on my pussy and ass.

	David undid the crotch rope then and untied my hands.  He had me lay on
the wooden bench, by the fire pit, on my stomach and tied my hands and feet
together so I was wrapped around the bench with my bad cunt and ass exposed. 

	"I figure you brought all this stuff because you wanted me to use it
all.  Don't worry, I will," David said. 

	Next, he took out the cat-o-nine-tails whip and lightly dangled it
against my ass and pussy.  He straddled my head, and I heard a swish and crack
of the whip as it struck the crack of my ass.  I screamed again.  He struck my
ass and my pussy again and again; I lost count but each strike on my cunt
brought me closer and closer to cumming.  Then he took a bottle of baby oil and
poured the whole thing on my ass and cunt, which felt delicious and sexy and
gross.  He untied me and stood me up, tying my hands behind my back again.  He
took a set of nipple clamps (connected by a chain) and attached them to my
nipples and another set he attached to my cunt lips.  He tied a rope to both
chains, pulling them together in a way which yanked painfully. 

	"We're going to the pond.  Don't dawdle," David said, and he started
walking, picking up the slack on the rope.  I could see he was going to yank it
pretty hard if I didn't follow, and it hurt enough already, so I chased after
him.  A couple times he gave the rope a yank, savagely pulling my nipples and
cunt.  We made it to the pond. "Get in and clean up, cunt," he said. 

	I waded out into the pond and swished around.  The cold water felt good
on my ruby red ass and pussy, and I was able to get off most of the oil and
dirt.  I slipped and fell, then, causing the clamps to yank my cunt and nipples,
and dunking me like a wet rat.  I climbed out dripping and sore.  Then he led me
back to the campsite. 

	Now David tied me between two trees, standing with my arms and legs
spread wide.  He took the riding crop and started whacking at the clamp on my
left nipple.  He hit it over and over, ohh god the pain it caused, until he
finally knocked it off.  Then he did the clamp on my right nipple and the two on
my cunt.   My pussy was throbbing and all I wanted was David naked and filling
me with his cock.  He came up to me and took out his cock.  Rather than stick it
in me, he pissing on my dirty cunt. 

	"Don't think I'm going to lick that clean," he said.  I started to cry. 

	"Don't you cry, cunt!" he yelled in my face.  His finger went to my cunt
and he massaged my clit hard until I was on the verge of cumming. 

	I grunted: "please, please," but David wouldn't let me cum.  The sky got
darker, and David wandered off for a few minutes.  I gentle rain began to fall
and the cool drops hit my face and nipples and ass. 

	David came back about twenty minutes later with a very large straight
log, maybe fifteen feet long and three inches in diameter.  He placed the log
between my legs and tied a rope to the end in front of me.  This rope went up
over a tree branch and he pulled the log up, up, up so that the back end dug
into the dirt, the front end went up in the air, and the rough bark in the
middle was pressing tightly against my cunt. 

	"You wanted to cum, I believe.  You may.  You can cum by rubbing your
nasty cunt on the bark of this log.  And to hurry you along, I'm going to whip
your ass and breasts until you cum," he said, picking up the riding crop again. 

	The bark of the tree was so rough and hurt my poor pussy, but I ground
my clit down against it as fast as I could.  I heard the swish, crack, and my
ass again erupted in pain.  I closed my eyes to concentrate on my clitoris. 
Another swish, crack, and this time my right breast exploded.  I gasped and
moaned.  Another swish, crack, on my ass.  Another swish, crack, on my left
breast.  More blows on my breasts, ass and tummy.  I was struggling, my cunt was
on fire, so painful and yet so hot and juicy.  My clit was engorged and I wanted
to cum so bad.  I ground down hard on the log, grunting, moaning. 

	"We'll have to switch, get it? It's a pun,"  David said.  I looked and
saw he had a switch, a branch from an old willow tree by the pond.  Another
swish, crack, on my ass and this time it felt like I had been savagely cut with
a knife.  I screamed, and kept screaming as he hit me again and again, and
suddenly my orgasm came and there were explosions in my head and cunt, lights
flashing, drops of rain hitting me savagely, on my wounds, and then blackness.

	Apparently I had passed out when I came, and I awoke in the log cabin,
laying on the platform on my stomach, with my arms and legs still bound and
lewdly spread, but the gag had been taken off.  David was rubbing lotion on my
very sore ass and dipping his fingers down and into my pussy and ass. 

	"We have a new game to play now," David said, "it's called 'how long do
energizer batteries really last?'"  He worked the vibrating butt plug into my
ass, filling it.  Then he inserted a fat vibrator into my cunt.  And then he
taped another vibrator on the platform so that it would just touch my clit.  He
turned on all three.  I was in sex heaven, I was in a place where sex was a god
and had entered my body and possessed me.  There was no reason to live or die
except for the pleasure of sex. 

	"I'm going to get us some food, be back in a bit.  And when I get back I
would appreciate a little thanks for the pleasure you're getting," David said,
and he left. 

	The vibrations went on and on, and within minutes I was panting and then
cumming again.  But the vibrations didn't stop.  I stayed high on my orgasm and
rode it like a wave that wouldn't crash.  I came over and over, continuously, I
don't know how long - two hours, maybe three - until the batteries in the anal
plug and vibe in my pussy died.  The one on my clit wouldn't quit, but I
couldn't cum anymore. 

	"These lithium ion batteries do last a long time," David said, turning
the last vibrator off.  He untied me.  "Eat, and then come outside," he said.

	I got up, exhausted, spent, and found a plate of food on the ground and
a bottle of water.  I found my ass was too sore to sit so I crouched down and
ate and drank everything her had brought.  My whole body was sore and I had big
red welts on my ass from the willow branch.  My pussy was red and raw.  My
nipples throbbed with pain.  I had scratch marks on my legs, arms and torso.  I
went outside, the sun was just going down; it must have been around eight or
eight-thirty, just a few hours to midnight. 

	"Come kneel here before me," David said, "let me explain something to
you.  Our time together as lovers and as friends will end, and it will end when
I say so - not before and not after.  Until then, you are my mistress, to do
with as I please.  Tell me, what is the most humiliating sexual thing that has
happened to you before you met me?" 

	I thought for a second and replied "in junior high, I was at a movie
alone and the older brother of one of my friends was there.  He sat with me and
kept trying to seduce me, saying sexy things and asking if I wanted to play with
his dick.  I hadn't even seen a cock before then, but had felt a few pressed
against me at dances and wasn't afraid.  So, this movie theater is almost empty. 
The boy, he took his cock out and started rubbing it.  I was fascinated and
watched him do it.  He kept asking me to touch him, but I didn't want to.  Then,
suddenly, he leaned over and shot his cum all over my legs.  I got up and ran
out to the lobby.  A whole bunch of people looked and saw me with this gross
boy's cum all over me."

	"Then," David said, " I know what our next rendezvous will be.  I will
arrange for a bunch of scummy men to cover your slut body with their cum and
leave you in a public place.  Do you know why I will do this?" 

	"Why," I asked. 

	"Because you are my slut to do with as I please.  Isn't that right?" 

	"Yes, it is," I said meekly. 

	"Likewise, when I say our affair is over, it is over, right?" 

	"Yes," I said. 

	"Remember, you asked for this.  Now get down on your hands and knees,"
David ordered.

	I dropped to all fours like he asked, right there next to the campfire. 
David dropped his pants and got behind me.  He shoved his hard cock into my
sore, red pussy.  It hurt, but I was so, so grateful to have him inside me at
last.  He fucked me until his cock was well lubricated with my pussy juices,
then rammed his cock into my ever more sore ass.  He pumped me there again and
again, until at last I could feel the cum spurt from his cock deep inside my
bowels.  He stood up and zipped his pants

	Then David took a needle and pliers and held the needle over the fire. 
He pricked the tip of the needle in the crack of my ass, just inside on my right
butt cheek, bringing searing pain to my ass.  I shrieked.  He repeated this
process over and over, rubbing lotion on after each small, hot prick.  It took a
long time. 

	Then he said:  "I have written my name on the crack of your ass, where
no one but you will ever know it is located.  Now rub your pussy and cum one
more time to thank me for accepting ownership of you, slut." 

	I reached down and rubbed my sore clit and found I was hot and wet and
ready to cum.  And I did come quickly.  "Thank you," I said, and laid down on
the leaves and fell asleep. 

	Some time later I found myself back at the house near the pool.  David
picked me up and carried me into the hot tub and held me.  He kissed me, and I
kissed back.  I awoke the next time in our canopied bed, nude, sore, with David
asleep but holding me like a man who loved me with all his heart.




	Chapter XI

	When I awoke on Sunday morning, I could hear David in the kitchen making
coffee, so I slipped into the bathroom to pee.  I was sore all over and achy in
my shoulders and knees from my day as David's runaway slave and the punishment
he had inflicted upon me.  Looking in the mirror, I saw three bright red stripes
across my butt and they were sore as hell; my pussy looked a bit raw, but
otherwise there wasn't a mark on me.  With one exception: I couldn't really see
in the crack of my ass where David had used a hot needle to burn his name, but I
could tell it hurt there.  I downed some Tylenol and slipped back into bed just
as David came in, nude, with coffee and breakfast. 

	"Good morning, lover," I said. 

	"Hi, you're awake already?" he asked.  He put down his tray and slid
into bed with me.  "Are you alright?"

	"Yes. Yes," I assured him, "I'm fine, I'm a bit sore, but I'm fine and I
love you." 

	"I love you, Kate, how could we have such a great time together as we
have these past few weeks and not fall in love?" 

	I turned to David, and looked in his eyes.  We kissed, and I ran my hand
down his chest and held his cock in my hand. 

	David smiled, and I said:  "I'm sorry, maybe my fantasy life went a
little overboard, but you were great.  I was getting lost in this thing, this
love affair we created."

	"Me too," David said, "In my heart I know I love you and I know that our
affair will end; it has to end.  We can't keep this up forever and I am married
to a woman I love very much and have been with happily for twelve years." 

	"I'm glad you love her too, I really am, and I'm glad I love you, even
if someday this will all end." 

	"It doesn't have to end yet, though," he said with a smirk. 

	"I need to ask you a couple things," I said, "first, did you really burn
your name into my ass?" 

	"Not exactly.  I burned in a small design, not actual letters.  It's not
my name.  You won't have to explain to anyone who 'David' is, but it will be a
permanent mark, and I should take a look at it later." 

	"Okay, and about what you said you would do, getting a group of
strangers to cum on me and leave me in public, I don't think I really want to do
that,"  I told him. 

	"I didn't think you would.  I said it for its impact on you, but I wont
try to make it happen, okay?" 

	"Okay, thanks,' I said with a smile, "and lastly, will you continue to
see me?" 

	David thought a moment, then said "if you want to see me, I will be here
to see you, once a week, every week, for as long as you want."  I took his head
in my hands and kissed him, passionately, and rubbed his balls with my hand. 

	"I want to make love to you," I told him, "lay down."  David laid down
on the bed and I moved down and took his cock in my mouth.  I licked and sucked
it like a kitten. taking each of his balls in my mouth and gently squeezing them
while swirling my tongue around, then returned to his cock and licked it up and
down, until his cock was very hard and throbbing in my mouth.

	"Can I lick you?" he asked. 

	"Just be gentle," I laughed, and laid back on the bed.  David got
between my legs and gently licked all around my pussy.  He asked me to turn
over, and kissed me where he had "branded" me.  Then I got on top of David and
slowly and gingerly lowered my pussy down onto his cock.  I laid forward and he
held me in his arms while I moved up and down.  It took us a long time to make
love so gently, but we loved each other, and every minute of it was wonderful.

	In the afternoon, we went out to the pool again naked and went for a
swim.  David said the red stripes on my butt were a nice decoration.  I wore
them like a badge of honor.  They were clearly going to be sore for days, but
the water felt great, the sun was shining, and we lounged in the spa for a while
before finally deciding to pack up.  We drove back to my apartment, and then
David kissed me and left to go to his home.

	EPILOGUE

	 I returned to our home Tuesday morning from my ten day "trip to Tokyo," 
still sore and still with red welts on my butt. 

	I have to give David a lot of credit.  When I asked David, months ago
now, to go down to my store and pick up the sales receipts for the week from my
store manager, Kate, he came home and admitted how they had flirted and how he
had gotten an erection just speaking to her.  I was upset, of course, but it
also helped me realize how seriously my marriage was in trouble and how
committed David was to fixing it.  He could have taken Kate and fucked her; I
knew she slept around a lot.  But he came to me first.  I realized that
something was missing for David and that, if I couldn't be the person who gave
it to him, perhaps I could pretend to be a person who could.  Thus, I proposed a
plan whereby I would play "Kate" from time to time and "Kate" and David could
have an affair.  David agreed. 

	It took quite some time to work out all the details.  I needed a wig,
obviously, but I also needed my own apartment where I could go be "Kate" when
David visited her.  I worked to fill out her persona and understand her.  I had
to buy clothes for her and music and research on the Internet and talking to the
real Kate at my store. 

	So, from time to time, David and I made believe I was "Kate," rather
than David's wife, and David and "Kate" had an affair.  That affair is still
going on today, although I am glad to say that I have loosened up a bit and
David is seeing "Kate" much less often.

	I learned some of the things that David loved about "Kate" and tried to
incorporate some of those qualities into my own person.  I realized that "Kate"
was optimistic, happy, excited, open enthusiastic to try new things - all good
qualities that I guess rubbed off of me in my twenties and thirties.  Some of
that, I am glad to say, I have gotten back, thanks to becoming "Kate" and living
her life from time to time.  And to top it all off, the sex is better than ever!

	The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fitch Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





