BDSM Library - Sissy's Corporate Adventures




Sissy's Corporate Adventures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teen airhead with a heart of gold, a body to die for and a depraved and yet innocent view of things sexual is the perfect tool to help the marketing mavens at Meglomania Enterprises in their dedicated pursuit of foreign currency. Join Sissy, Ellen Luxore and a huge supporting cast of characters as they give their all in every way possible including, bondage, sex, incest fantasies, spanking and other kinky activities.
				Sissy's Corporate Adventures




				      Chapter 1



	Sissy Slickslit had just been hired by Megalomania Enterprises as a file
clerk and was absolutely thrilled with her job.  The buxom 18-year-old airhead
was fresh out of school and as green as grass. Sissy just loved the attention
she started getting from all the men in her department. It wasn't a week before
she accepted her first invitation to lunch. This initial invitation quickly
developed into a motel date after work and Sissy was only too happy to jump into
the sack with her married supervisor. The poor man wasn't getting much at home
and Sissy considered it just good manners to let the man enjoy her body.

	Word quickly spread throughout the department about Sissy's charitable
nature and soon she was a regular at the local hot pillow motel.  In fact many
days after work she participated in more than one therapy session. On Fridays
she would rarely get home much before midnight. This did not sit well with her
family, especially the men who depended on her to take care of their needs when
their wives or girlfriends weren't available. This had been her lot in life ever
since she was 10 years old.

	News travels fast even in a big company if the subject is a buxom 18
year-old blonde who can't seem to say no to any invitation or any sexual act.
Stories of her willingness to allow men to ride her bareback provided she
reduced their sperm count with a killer blowjob, or two in some cases, spread
like wildfire. Her offers to take it up the ass rather than risk being flooded
with sperm were apocryphal.

 	One lucky guy even told of being allowed to tie the teenager up once his
sperm count had been lowered with a pair of blowjobs, and then spending the next
two hours seeing how many times he could come inside her and how many times he
could make her orgasm. He claims she asked him to fist her because that made her
come really fast and hard. He swears she ultimately took him nearly up to the
elbow and when she came her cunt clamped so hard around his arm that he couldn't
pull it out until she finished her orgasm.

	Sissy was quite amazed when she was asked to interview for a position in
the division office. The bimbo met with the assistant to the division manager,
an attractive woman in her mid 30s with a voluptuous hourglass figure. Ms. Ellen
Luxore had never married, although many men had tried to win her.

	" I am Ms. Luxore and you will be working directly under me, in more
ways than one, if I feel that you can do this job.  Mr. Janus and I have
discussed this matter for quite some time and he agrees that I require an
assistant to help me carry out my particular duties for the company. Let me
explain just what our division does and exactly where you would fit into its
overall strategy. We are responsible for customer development and good will.
Your duties would focus on becoming a liaison between our division and those
potential customers we are currently marketing."

	" I'm sorry Ms. Luxore, but I don't know what a liaison is? "

	The attractive dark haired woman laughed politely and replied. " A
liaison is a go between. You do know what a go between is, don't you?"  Sissy
nodded her head happily. Ellen sighed deeply and pursed her carmined lips before
continuing.

	" You seem to possess the basic instincts that will be required for this
position. According to my information last week you were sexually involved with
nine male employees of the company; after working hours of course."

	She paused to let Sissy react to this information. To her utter
amazement the pretty blonde began to count on her fingers and whisper to
herself. Then she beamed happily and responded. " You must have missed two of
the guys; probably the ones that double teamed me on Monday and Thursday. That
sure surprised me and did they ever wear me out; but it was for a good cause and
so I didn't get mad at them."

	There was a long silence and Sissy shifted herself into a more formal
posture, fearing that she had done something to trouble this forceful lady who
she very much wanted to be her friend. She could already feel the dampness in
her thong bikinis that she had put on just before coming to this meeting. Sissy
hoped that Ms. Luxore would not detect the aroma that was already emanating from
her shaved pussy.

	" You certainly have a very active social life. That's one of the
characteristics that we absolutely require for this position. Let me continue. I
want to describe some of your duties in detail and then I want you to take off
that tacky dress so I can see what your body looks like."

	Sissy was so rattled at this point that she stood up and quickly shucked
off her dress, to reveal her white lace cantilevered shelf bra that struggled to
contain her melon shaped breasts, and her matching thong bikini that clung like
a second skin to her dripping cunt. Ellen's eyes widened as she took in the
dazzling display of teen flesh. She immediately homed in on the wet crotch of
the girl's white lace bikinis and mentally began gnawing her way through the
flimsy fabric to get at the juicy twat that lay beneath. Now it was her turn to
be rattled.

	In an effort to gain control, the woman leaned forward and said. " Are
those bite marks on your breasts? " Sissy gasped and her hands flew up to cup
her heavy boobs from Ellen's eyes.  "Those look rather fresh I might add. " she
continued, now once more in command. A blush began to color the teen's heart
shaped face.

	" Gosh, I forgot all about them..... Yes, they're bites, love bites.
Sometimes men get so excited that they stop sucking and start chewing on them.
Last Friday two of my new friends got excited; I guess the second one saw the
bites from the first one and thought it was OK to do it too."

	Ms. Luxore smiled sardonically and continued. " By the way, are you a C
or D cup? It's hard to judge from this distance. "  Secretly she was hoping that
the foolish female would take the bait and allow her to get a closer view of
those stupendous jugs.

	Sissy sighed and answered. " I'm a tweener. During my period they get a
little bigger and I can wear a D-cup bra, but the rest of the time they are too
small for a D, but too big for a C cup. All the Slickslit women have this
problem except grandma. When she went through the change her boobs settled into
a C cup. Grandpa isn't too happy about this though, and he's after her to get a
boob job to make them bigger. I don't know why, the old goat is too busy fucking
me and my younger sister, plus mom, whenever he can get his hands on her, to
give grandma much, if anything. Lucky for her my dad pumps a load into her a
couple of times a week and both my brothers make sure she gets it at least once
a week."

	Sissy winced visibly when she saw the stunned expression spread over the
brunette's face. Once, then twice Ellen Luxore opened her mouth to speak, but
what she had just heard was still rocketing around inside her head. This
simpleton, this punchboard, this airhead, was also a member of an incestuous
family that spanned at least three generations. All sorts of weird thoughts
danced through her mind. Was this pretty blonde the result of in-breeding? How
many male members of the family were enjoying her firm body? How long had this
been going on? Did she also have sex with the women, her grandmother, her
mother, her sister?  Would she have sex with her? Oh god, would she have sex
with her, please. Ellen was totally losing control.

	"Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! " Sissy sounded as if she were uttering a
mantra. Then she was silent, but her feeble mind began to work at assessing the
damage her mouth had just caused. " Oh my god! Look at her face, she's gonna
kill me any second. I'm fucked! There goes this great job. What can I do to stop
her from firing me right on the spot? My only chance is if she likes girls. What
the hell, what can I lose. "

	Ellen Luxore could not believe her eyes. Yes, she was going completely
crazy. Now this young thing was standing up and unhooking her bra. She was
licking her lips and smiling at her. My god, she was rolling those soaking wet
thong bikinis down her firm thighs to reveal her totally bald, fat lipped, twat.
She could even see the girl's swollen clit beginning to emerge from its hood,
and the secretions that were oozing from that plump pussy that she so much
wanted to bury her face in. Now the blonde was walking towards her and she could
smell the maddening aroma of her cunt cream as it seeped from between those
swollen, crimson lips that guarded her honey pot. Ellen lost control and began
to shake and gasp, her arms reaching out to capture this fantasy on legs that
was nearing her blushing face. Then she felt the girl's hands on her head,
pressing gently to guide her mouth into the wet cavern. Ellen nearly fainted,
but lust triumphed and her lips locked onto Sissy's lips, like two craft docking
in space.

	Fortunately for Ellen Luxore she had chosen a day when her boss was out
on vacation, and a time very late in the day that guaranteed no one would be
disturbing her.  Thus she was able to devote her energies and attention to the
job at hand, which was to suck as much pussy juice as possible from the
teenager, add some bite marks to those wonderfully firm breasts and dot the
insides of her marvelous thighs with hickies. Sissy allowed Ellen total freedom
to ravage her bare body and Ellen took full advantage of it.

	When Ms. Luxore finally came up for air she noticed that it was well
past normal working hours. Realizing that her thirst for the buxom bimbo was far
from slaked, and to see how much control she still had over the girl she called
a halt to the proceedings.

	" We are going to have to continue this interview for quite some time
longer. I suggest that you get dressed and let me take you to my home where we
can be more comfortable and no one can possibly disturb us. Don't bother putting
on your undies because you'll only have to remove them again when we are at my
home. Once we get to my place you can call your parents, if you want to, and let
them know that you will be extremely late coming home this evening because of
this very important meeting about your new position with the company."




					Chapter 2




	Sissy obeyed without a word of protest, a good sign. Soon she was seated
in Ellen's Mercedes, her dress hiked up around her waist so the woman could
watch her as she masturbated. Ellen had slipped off her own panties, a pair of
black bikinis with a sheer crotch, and had the girl place them beneath her
bottom in order to soak up the plentiful juices that dripped steadily from her
swollen snatch as she strummed her clit like it was a musical instrument.

	As Ellen guided the powerful car through the heavy traffic with one eye
fixed on the activity going on next to her, she couldn't help but verbalizing
some of the thoughts that were going through her mind.

	" That cunt of yours looks so hot. I wish I could stop the car and spank
that naughty pussy for making me so horny. When I get you home you are going to
pay dearly for teasing me this way. You are such a nasty little slut; how can
someone so young be so depraved?  I've never seen any woman produce the amount
of goo that's oozing from that gash of yours. When we get home I'm going to see
just how much of that fuck sauce you can produce when you're tied down properly
and I can use my toys on you. I've got a couple that will really stretch you,
but I bet you'll be able to handle them because you're such a horny slut."

	Ellen's comments seemed to urge Sissy to increase her efforts to produce
an even greater flow of the aromatic slit slime that leaked down and soaked into
Ellen's bikinis. Her fingers flew rapidly across her stiff, angry-red clit, now
fully erect and quivering from the stimulation it was receiving.

	Some of the other drivers were also able to witness what the buxom
blonde was doing and they beeped in appreciation or to make her look over to see
the obscene gestures they made or the propositions they mouthed. Ellen smiled
grimly and continued to voice her plans for the evening.

	" Has my little slut come yet? No? Why not; tell me now or I'll stop the
car and leave you to walk to where ever you call home."

	" No, Ms. Luxore, I have a hard time coming unless something real big is
inside me or I'm tied up. Please don't me mad at me; I'll try to come for you. "

	" Isn't your father big enough to make you come? How about your
grandfather, does he have a big enough cock to make his granddaughter come? I'll
bet your brothers can make you come. I'll bet they have nice big cocks and they
can really stretch that drippy cunt of yours. Am I correct? Answer me you little
slut! "

	Sissy began to jam her other hand inside her soaking cunt, continuing
her mindless flogging of her swollen clit.  She was so wet that she managed to
get four fingers fully inside her snatch.  She was concentrating so hard on
getting herself off that she ignored Ellen's questions. That turned out to be a
big mistake.

	Sissy never saw Ellen's closed hand as she swung viciously at the girl's
head and landed solidly with a dull thud. The Mercedes slid sideways for a brief
moment before Ellen brought it under control. Then once more she smacked Sissy
across the head, even harder than before. The teen began to sob as she
frantically tried to concentrate on giving Ellen what she had demanded.

	" Stop that you little pig and get those hands away from your cunt! Put
your hands behind your back and sit up straight! Keep those legs spread you
miserable prick teaser so anyone who wants can see what a fuck hole you really
are. You just wait until I get you home. I'll make you come; I guarantee it. You
like big things inside you? Just wait until you see what I have to jam into that
sloppy slit of yours; you'll come until your pussy dries up and cracks. "

	Ellen could hardly wait to get her hands of Sissy. The brunette's cunt
was dripping and she had to concentrate on driving or else her hand would have
been buried inside her own slimy slot. She tried to block the visions of Sissy
spread eagled on her bed, wrists and ankles securely cuffed to the posts, her
twat stretched to its limit by the big bertha dildo Ellen had received as a gag
gift at a party some months ago. Well Sissy wouldn't think it was so funny when
Ellen hammered it, inch by torturous inch, into her cunt.

	Less than a half hour later Ellen, having secured her teenaged house
guest down to the bed with Velcro ties holding her wrists and ankles to the
corners, was slowly undressing. Sissy's eyes were glued to the woman's body as
it was revealed. She nearly choked on Ellen's goo- soaked panties, which had
been used to gag her, when she caught sight of the corset Ellen Luxore was
wearing beneath her dress. It was functional rather than sexy, made from an
off-white sturdy fabric that confined the woman from crotch to above her
breasts.

	" You look surprised my little slut. What did you expect, some ultra
sexy lingerie clinging to a body much like your own? I am old enough to be your
mother; didn't you realize that? But that's not the only explanation; my current
assignment required me to gain nearly 20 pounds in order to satisfy the desires
of the treasurer of a large German company that we are hoping to partner with on
a very important project."

	As she spoke Ellen shimmied out of the confining garment. Her stomach
protruded dramatically and her heavy breasts sagged noticeably. A thick forest
of dark, curly pubic hair sprouted from beneath her overhanging belly and
tendrils snaked up towards her navel and out over her meaty thighs. She raised
her arms to reveal twin nests of thick, black hair covering her armpits.

	" My lover thinks women with abundant body hair have very strong sex
drives.  How could I possibly disappoint him? I've deliberately transformed
myself into his fantasy woman, not only physically but sexually as well. I beg
for his cock to spurt in my mouth and scream with pleasure when his cock splits
and batters my dripping cunt. I moan and urge him to hit me harder when he
spanks my plump bottom prior to sodomizing me. I shake with lust when he plucks
out one of my pubic or armpit hairs while he laughs at my writhing. He thinks I
am his slave, and in certain ways he is correct. Short of mutilating or killing
me, he can do anything he wishes as long as it helps the company gain what it
wants from his organization."

	" Considering what happened a few weeks ago, perhaps I should not be so
quick to condemn you for the type of relationship you have with your family. By
the way, you never did answer me when I asked you those questions about your
father, brothers and grandfather. After I'm finished punishing you for your
impertinence I'll expect a rather detailed description of the type of lifestyle
your family has adopted. Now I'll tell you my story."


					

				(To be continued)




			  Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				Chapter 3



	Ellen settled on the bed and began to run her long fingernails over the
firm breasts of the blonde teenager, raising gooseflesh in her wake, and
bringing muffled gasps from Sissy.
"Ludwig took me to his hotel room and made me strip to the skin. Then he gave me
a pair of full cut cotton panties to wear. He cuffed my hands behind my back,
sat on the sofa and made me kneel before him so I could suck his cock. As I
performed he spoke to me in German, a language I'm able to understand quite
well. He began to call me by his daughter's name, urging me to take his cock
deep into my throat and telling me what a tramp and slut I was. He soon was
stretching my breasts and then twisting my nipples viciously as I did my best to
act as if I was enjoying the pain. I realized that the panties belonged to his
daughter and he was fantasizing that it was her sucking his cock. Soon he came
in my mouth and made sure I swallowed every drop."

	"While he recuperated, Ludwig took me over his knee and I got a sound
thrashing. It was the worst spanking I'd ever received from him and it brought
real tears to my eyes. He then dragged me into the bedroom, tore the crotch out
of the panties and raped me without mercy. I was quite sore for a number of days
afterwards. But that was only the prelude to an attack on my tender asshole that
left me bleeding. All the time that he was tearing up my bottom he cursed me,
calling me by his daughter's name. I actually passed out during this assault and
when I awoke he was most contrite. This gave me an advantage that I was to use
to the company's benefit the following week. That's enough for now. After you've
made me come a few times with that talented tongue, perhaps I'll tell you what
happened to me later when I had another painful session with Ludwig and his
assistant, Konrad."

	Ellen climbed onto the bed and settled her broad bottom down upon the
teen's face and wiggled it around until she was comfortable. Sissy's nose was
buried in the crevice separating her plump buttocks, and her tongue was now able
to work on the woman's hairy asshole. " After you've cleaned out all the dried
pussy juice from my crack, I'll move around so you can do the same for my ass
cheeks. If you weren't such a nasty teaser I wouldn't have made such a mess on
myself. I think it's only fair for you to clean it all up before you make me
create another big mess." Ellen sighed as she felt the girl's tongue beginning
to probe her wrinkled anus.

	" My god, you are good! " the woman exclaimed after only a few minutes
attention from Sissy's knowledgeable tongue. The girl had begun by kissing,
gently licking and then suctioning Ellen's anus, bringing her to a boil. When
she then began probing Ellen's entryway with the tip of her tongue, Sissy forced
a gasp, followed by a low moan of passion from her. After a few strong stabs of
her tongue against the tightened sphincter guarding Ellen's rectal area, the
buxom blonde trailed wet, sloppy kisses the length of the brunette's crack and
then back to resume her attentions to Ellen's throbbing anus. To her delight and
amazement Ellen discovered herself on the verge of an orgasm, but not for long.
With a shudder that rippled through her entire body she went off into one
glorious, hot, wet and very noisy climax.

	A stream of light amber fluid spurted from between her crimson, swollen
cunt lips and splashed down onto the girl's stomach. A second discharge went
even further, landing just above the shaved cleft that was her cunt. Ellen
grunted loudly as a third and fourth stream of liquid coated Sissy's melons.
Ellen was in some kind of a dazed state from the massive orgasm that had just
rolled through her body like an earthquake. She was barely conscious of the fact
that Sissy's tongue was now skillfully swabbing the dried pussy juice from the
cheeks of her ass.

	For almost half an hour Ellen was treated to the best tongue bath she
had ever experienced. First Sissy's soft tongue would swish and swipe across a
small area of Ellen's broad bottom, slowly dissolving the crusted pussy juice
covering it. Then her lips would surround the saliva soaked patch of skin and
suction it dry. Finally those pursed lips would plant a gentle kiss upon the
clean skin before moving to another portion.

	While Ellen luxuriated in the delicate sensations that the girl's tongue
and lips provided, she idly rubbed the fluid she had squirted onto Sissy's bare
body into the girl's tanned skin. For the first time she realized that Sissy had
an all-over tan, and began to fantasize about coating the teen's skin with baby
oil, working it deep into her firm breasts and even daring to spread her cunt
lips in order to work some oil into her cunt. She shifted her body to give the
girl easier access to another part of her bottom and was quickly rewarded with
contact from those soft lips and busy tongue. Ellen started to think about her
next orgasm and wondered if it would match or perhaps exceed the strength of
that initial powerful rush she had previously experienced.

	Sissy continued to tease, tickle and taste the pebbled flesh of the
heavy-set brunette's ass, making sure that every square millimeter was devoid of
any trace of her previous spendings. Ellen could no longer hold back her urge to
turn and present her hairy cunt for the teen to groom. As she shifted her body
so that Sissy's face was positioned at the base of her dripping cunt, she gazed
down and caught the girl's eyes.

	The blonde appeared to be hypnotized by the sight of the thick mass of
pubic hair that was beginning to take up her entire field of vision. She inhaled
deeply and arched her back to draw her nostrils into the forest of springy curls
that guarded Ellen's thick-lipped cunt. The woman realized that the odor
emanating from her oozing slit was sharp and musky; yet the girl seemed to want
to get even more of that pungent aroma into her flaring nostrils. Not wanting to
disappoint the teen, Ellen leaned forward until the girl's nose was buried
between her swollen, wet pussy lips.

	She was totally unprepared for the effect that the blonde's practiced
tongue would create. She was even more shocked when she experienced the girl's
teeth as they nipped and nibbled their way up the hairy trench that was Ellen's
cunt. The sensation of Sissy's nose nuzzling against her clit did the trick,
driving her into a mind-bending orgasm. Ellen nearly drowned the girl in her
juices as she squirted one powerful stream after another at point blank range,
temporarily blinding her with the acrid liquid as well. 

	Sissy kept up her assault on Ellen's pulsating pussy, suctioning the hot
juice into her mouth almost as fast as Ellen could generate it. The woman
slammed her thighs together, cutting off the girl's air supply. Her body quaked
and quivered, and then shook and shivered as the massive climax ripped her in
two. She remembered staring down at her rock hard nipples, amazed at how long
and stiff they had become. Finally she lost control of her bladder and began to
spray her salty urine into the girl's imprisoned face. She began to pummel the
teen's tender body, blindly striking out against her back and sides, digging her
fists into the girl's breasts and ribcage.

	Ellen was unaware that Sissy had lost consciousness, so great was her
reaction to the teen's lovemaking. When it finally leaked into a small part of
her spinning mind, she slowly released her death grip on Sissy's head and
allowed some air to enter her starved lungs. Then she began to hit the teen
across the face and head with her open hands. " Look at the mess you caused! My
sheets are ruined! You will pay dearly for this! Wake up you miserable slut! "

	The look on Sissy's face was priceless; the girl was covered with
Ellen's piss and cunt juices, which had soaked into her hair, streamed down to
pool in the hollow beneath her throat, and then flowed between her heaving
breasts. Ellen gloried in the look of mortification on the girl, laughing to
herself at the teen's discomfort. She was very aware of her predilection to
squirt when sexually excited and so there was a rubber sheet under the regular
bedcovers. The prospect of forcing the girl to bring her off again and perhaps
even a fourth time was a delicious thought. She knew that by then the bedcovers
would be drenched and Sissy would probably be out of her mind with shame and
fear of what would happen to her. It was going to be a wonderful evening, the
first of many that would be devoted to reducing the blonde from a brainless
bimbo to her devoted sex slave.

	" You are going to remove every drop of this mess from my body. Then you
are going to bring me off, only this time I want that mouth of yours glued to my
pussy when I climax. You had better not spill so much as a single drop or you'll
have to do me again.  After I'm satisfied I will have you suck every drop of
moisture from the sheets and those portions of your body that can be reached by
that very talented tongue you have. I'll feed the rest to you from my fingers. I
would imagine that by the time we are finished I'll need to rest, so you will
have to find your way home alone, or have someone from your family pick you up
outside. I expect you to be at work on time. I also want you to plan on staying
with me tomorrow night so there will be sufficient time to finish your
interview."



				(To be continued)




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				       Chapter 4


	When Sissy arrived home, a bit disheveled from trading her body for the
taxi fare, she was greeted by the entire male contingent of the family. There
was grandpa Lucas, drooling and blinking as he rubbed his tented crotch, her
daddy, Luke, with a frown on his stern face and her two younger brothers, Lyle
and Lincoln with their peckers hanging out. The blonde airhead heaved a sigh and
realized that she could no longer neglect her family obligations. She just
wished that her interview with Ms Luxore had been at another time, because she
was plumb tuckered out. Her daddy immediately lit into her.

	"It's about time you got home! You're lucky I don't take my belt to you
here and now! Ever since you started working at that place you seem to have
forgotten your family and your duties. You should be ashamed of yourself! Have
you no shame? Your poor momma has been carrying a heavy load in your absence and
she's not as spry as she used to be. One round and she's worn down to the nub,
and that's your fault. When you get done fulfilling our needs, which are
considerable, we intend to chastise you so that you'll think twice before
putting some job in front of your family's needs. Then you're gonna spend some
time apologizing to your momma and cleaning her up with that forked tongue of
yours. Chances are we'll be ready for another helping of that prime pussy you
seem to be reserving for your city friends, instead of your family. Now shuck
off them clothes and prepare for some hard and fast action from all of us.
There's plenty of room downstairs in the playroom. We don't want to be
disturbing your momma's rest while you're taking care of your family duties."

	Sissy dutifully led the way down to the large room that the men used for
all sorts of manly activities such as watching football games or porn, shooting
pool, playing darts, and drinking. Ever since she had started growing pubic
hair, not to mention those tweener tits, she had been one of the featured
attractions on their frequent ladies nights. At first she was just a warm-up for
the stars of the show, her older sister, momma and aunt Bessie. Now she was a
solo act and there was no competition since aunt Bessie had run off with that TV
repairman, her sister got married and moved down to the Ozarks, and momma had
started feeling poorly more and more of the time.

	The blonde airhead stripped to the skin and began gyrating to the
strains of some brassy music that issued from the big screen TV as it displayed
a number of naked men and women going at it in a variety of creative
configurations. Why the men required this additional stimulation was a great
mystery to Sissy. Even though she was not gifted with more than an average IQ
(some might even argue that point), Sissy still had a working set of eyes. These
told her and anyone else who was sighted, that her body made those jaded, faux
blondes with enhanced hooters look like so many cartoon figures drawn by a
near-sighted artist. In addition Sissy was there in the flesh, a living,
breathing, wet dream walking and talking, well walking mostly. The blonde had to
admit that at times the men folk behaved rather strangely, but she just let it
slide.

	First in line for one of her patented lap dances was grandpa Lucas,
seated on the ottoman, staring into Sissy's crotch and all the goodies it
contained. Sissy moved sinuously over to her customer and began rubbing those
private parts that men went crazy over up and down grandpa's face, collecting a
goodly amount of drool as she did. Then she commenced a rocking motion that
brought her pussy into intimate contact with the lower portion of grandpa's
face, capturing even more of that sticky liquid that seemed to perpetually run
from his half open mouth. Now she reached down and grabbed him by the shoulders
and began using him to wipe her pussy clean of what he had been depositing on it
since she had made intimate contact.

	The rest of the contingent was sitting back and manipulating their
peckers in prepartion for the docking maneuvers that would soon involve portions
of their anatomy and Sissy's. Now the buxom blonde did a twirl and a bumping
motion that placed her rounded ass only inches from grandpa Lucas. For the first
time since she had arrived in his vicinity he reacted, sticking out his wet
tongue as far as it could go before starting to lick that crevice between those
two marvelously rounded cheeks.

	Sissy pushed her tush back and Lucas lapped away happily. Then he
switched to turbo mode which sent a shock through her as the tip of his tongue
hammered away at the entrance to her rectum. This was something new and Sissy
positively beamed as old grandpa tried to wiggle his tongue past her tight
sphincter. She tried moving her bottom up and down to help him loosen her little
starfish up sufficiently that he could worm his way inside her.

	All this moving had set her tits into motion and as those twin tweeners
bounced and jounced her audience slavered at the thought of having those
marvelous mammaries rubbing up and down against their faces or even acting as
cushions to keep their hard cocks pointed in the right direction as they moved
to and fro between them.

	Try as she could, Sissy was unable to bring grandpa off by using her
body alone. So it was time for more direct action. She knelt down before the old
geezer and fished his rather large cock from his pants. Sissy began applying
enough suction to remove chrome from a car bumper and Lucas began to respond,
his chest moving up and down as he wheezed in rhythm with its movements. Sissy's
fingers began marching up and down the length of his bloated dick, playing it as
if it were a flute.

	Grandpa Lucas suddenly let out a groan and his granddaughter's cheeks
began to puff out as an ocean of watery cum flooded her mouth. When it came to
producing that one weekly load of cum, old Lucas was still right up there
despite the consistency of the stuff that now issued from his ancient balls. As
the blonde bimbo swallowed it down, the others burst into cheers and applause;
old grandpa Lucas had once again delivered big time. There was joy once more in
the Slickslit family.

	Lyle and Lincoln were a whole different breed of cats, and Sissy steeled
herself for a much more challenging assignment when it came to making her two
sex crazed brothers satisfied. They had arranged themselves so that they were in
separate chairs, facing each other. Their stiff fat cocks jutted from their
crotches like a pair of ICBMs about to be launched. Between them was barely
enough space for a certain buxom, naked blonde to shoehorn herself into with
nothing to spare. Sissy immediately recognized this configuration and made plans
accordingly.

	She gave her older brother, Lyle, first crack at her crack in keeping
with his senior status. She swayed and pranced before settling herself down on
his rigid prong, her cunt muscles working away to help swallow this mass of
meat. Meanwhile Lincoln kept himself entertained by cupping her lucious ass
cheeks in the palms of his hands and squeezing them as if they were two large
oranges and he was trying to get juice from them. Soon the two brothers had
coordinated their moves so that they were operating in sync, Lincoln squeezing
for all he was worth as she swallowed his brother's cock and rotated that
fabulous pussy around like she was trying to start a fire with a couple of
sticks and a bow. Then at the moment of lift off, when her hot twat was poised
and ready to make a move up that tower of tumescent tissue, he gave those
jiggling globes a series of swats that sounded like gunshots as she lifted her
magnificent fuck box up to its maximum, now barely making contact, her cunt lips
wrapped tightly around the head of his dick.

	After three near-launches, Sissy did one of her patented moves and
somehow got off Lyle and onto Lincoln in one smooth motion. There was a time
when daddy Luke had made a video tape of her exhibiting this move and he had to
slow it down by a factor of ten before it was possible to watch that pussy churn
and spin like some kind of syncopated gyroscope as it made the move from one
meat pole to the other.

	It was a truly amazing feat that she might have made her fortune from if
she was so inclined. However taking her clothing off for money was not one of
her favorite activities. It seems that taking her clothing off set certain
unique biological needs into motion in her that always resulted in a meeting of
the groins between her and her opposite number. Thus it was that this special
move remained hidden from public view, although there were rumors concerning its
power and the mystery surrounding its inventor.

	Sissy jiggled and bounced, wiggled and flounced; her sweaty body
shedding drops of perspiration on both of her brothers as she worked away on
Lincoln's rod. Lyle, being a tit man from the day of his birth, fastened his
large hands around those fabulous globes and tried to see how far he could
stretch them from their moorings.

	Everybody seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves until Lincoln,
being a bit more hair-triggered than his brother, had a premature ignition on
the launch pad. This led to an emergency evacuation of Sissy's revolving gantry.
Lincoln's aborted launch was still a spectacular event as he hosed the air with
a shower of millions upon millions of wiggling, blind tadpoles who were cruelly
deprived of a bracing swim through Sissy's tight birth canal.

	Sissy was a bit miffed by this unfortunate development since she had
planned to have the grand finale consist of having her three holes filled to the
brim with Slickslit male members. However like the trouper she was, Sissy
continued with the show, now homing in on her father, Luke, who was all smiles
and stiff dick. Sissy made a few brief passes at his rampant rod, giving it a
lick and a promise that was absolutely volcanic in nature.

	She stole a glance in the direction of Lincoln, hoping for a miracle,
but none was forthcoming. So she jumped her daddy's bones with a vengeance that
took him by surprise. His face was mashed between those two pillowy mounds of
tweener perfection that were now doubling as earmuffs. His hard prong was buried
to the hilt in the sweetest, tightest pussy a man could ever have a wet dream
about. As if this wasn't a taste of heaven itself, her fluttering hands were
going through his salt and pepper hair and running down the back of his neck,
causing the hairs on his nape to rise to attention, in an attempt to match that
column of flesh that was now being bathed in her juices flowing like a row of
fountains.

	Her daddy's strong hands soon took control of her writhing bare body. He
lifted her from his prong and deposited the blonde bombshell on the floor where
there was enough room for him and his older son to do the deed that would signal
the end of phase one in Sissy's efforts to return to their good graces. The
clueless blonde assumed the position, on all fours, her arms straight to keep
her back properly arched and those long tapering legs parted sufficiently to
allow easy access to both of her winking holes. Lyle scooted down between her
arms and slipped his hard cock up into his sisters hot, wet tunnel of love, as
she sometimes referred to that portion of her insides. He made a few tenatative
moves to check their connection and then waited patiently for his dad to occupy
her dirt road as he sometimes referred to Sissy's asshole and surrounding
environs.

	Sissy's eyes crossed as his meat pole began stretching that firm wall of
muscle guarding her rear entry way. It slowly breached her defenses and began
burrowing like some giant mole deeper into her colon. Sissy took a deep breath
and began pushing back against the pressure that was being applied to her
butthole. Daddy grunted and then got comfortable enough to commence sawing away
inside his little girl's bottom.

	This set off Lyle and his stiff shaft started doing its thing to her
tight, wet poontang, one of his favorite words when it came to identifying that
glorious grotto to his compatriots. The two sturdy dicks pumped away in unison
bringing Sissy very close to one of those gusher events she often experienced
when things got overwhelming. A half dozen or so strokes later and Sissy was
indeed on the verge of producing a mini-tidal wave. Her partners in lust
realized what was about to happen and they redoubled their efforts, skewering
her as hard and fast as they could.

	Sissy's fabulous body shivered, shook and shuddered as the first wave
broke across her quivering form. The men held on for dear life as she produced
still another gusher that jetted from her cunt despite how well filled it was.
Then the men responded in kind, Lyle taking the lead and then Luke adding his
stored up load of wigglers to his darling daughter's lower intestines. It took
the trio some time to calm down sufficiently that they could uncouple and take
stock of the situation. Daddy Luke suggested that while the men folk were
recuperating and preparing for a second close encounter of the intimate kind,
she should take this opportunity to visit her poor mother and make her peace
with this used-up lady.



				(To be continued)




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				              Chapter 5


	Sissy knocked on her mother's bedroom door and waited for a reply. Her
mom knew that it must be her daughter, since the men merely barged in looking
for her to do something about their raging hardons or some such need like a
blowjob to make sure they slept well or went off to school in a better frame of
mind. She hollered for Sissy to enter and be quick about it. Sissy was rather
taken aback by the sight of her mother who appeared to have aged five years and
lost some weight that she could ill afford.

	"Well, it's about time you came to see your old momma. I know you are
just starting your first job and it's probably very important to you. However
your poor old momma had been set upon by the menfolk of this family and her old
body can no longer stand the normal wear and tear of taking care of all these
ruffians. I can see by your lack of clothing that you must have been downstairs
in the rec room entertaining the male members of the family. I presume they are
resting up for another go at you, and therefore have sent you to see me to make
amends for your absence. Well daughter of mine, save the words and get busy
licking this old body until your dear old momma gets off good and proper. Then
and only then can you return to entertain the troops once more."

	Sissy knew exactly what was expected of her, a full-body tongue bath
with all the trimmings with lengthy stops at plenty of those nice and nasty
spots that created so much sweat and heat from her mother. Ever the dutiful
daughter, Sissy started at the bottom of her momma's feet and slowly worked up
her lower limbs in a serpentine fashion that resulted in a uniform coating of
saliva being deposited over every square inch of her mother's legs. Sissy had
made this trip on numerous occasions and was an old hand at making all the right
stops, spending more at some than others, again a series of decisions that was
founded on experience. The sibilant sounds issuing from Sissy were
counterbalanced by the groans of satisfaction and the sharp intakes of breath
that came from the older woman.

	Approaching her momma's genitals represented the beginning of a critical
phase of this trip. Sissy now added some new moves to the treatment, her tongue
was now more pointed and it was joined frequently by her lips and even her
teeth, all working in concert to produce the type of stimulation that resulted
in her mother becoming moist, very, very moist. Sissy kissed and nibbled on her
mother's fat cunt lips, first covering the outer pair on her first pass, and
then returning by way of the inner pair using the same approach to make sure
both were equally stimulated to the degree considered acceptable by her
customer.

	The girl paused, took a deep breath, and then proceeded to burrow
between those blood filled strips using the flat portion of her knowing tongue
to act almost like a miniature snowplow to scoop up all the juice that was now
flooding the trench in which she worked. Once she reached the apex of her
momma's cunt she devoured that fat, fleshy clitoris that was her mother's pride
and joy. It must have been at least the size of a walnut, a large walnut at
that.

	Sissy knew from previous forays into this region, that the lady in
question liked her hot button handled as rough as could be. So she commenced
nibbling, then nipping and finally graduating to full fledged bites to get her
momma in the proper frame of mind to release one of her special spendings. The
girl managed to lock that bundle of sexed-up meat tightly between her front
teeth, biting down rapidly to increase the pressure that was building to one of
those monumental explosions that she knew this old woman was still capable of
producing. There was one final move that was required and Sissy made it. She
grabbed her mother's cunt lips and yanked them apart as hard as she could while
at the same time applying enough suction to create a fairly impressive vacuum in
the vicinity of that throbbing button of swelling sex flesh.

	There seemed to be a flash of light followed by a concussion that felt
like a bomb had just exploded nearby. The old woman lurched and twisted in
midair, her body shaking as if she had the palsy. Her skin grew cold and then
turned to goose flesh as the freight train left the station at full speed,
dragging Sissy with  it. Momma let out a cry that was a cross between a wounded
animal and a mother who had lost her only child. Then all hell broke loose and
Sissy hung on for dear life. A gusher of salty fluid shot from her momma's cunt
that opened and shut over and over as the fluid continued to pour forth, nearly
drowning her offspring. Then the second wave washed over the old woman and her
skinny body danced to the insane rhythms that were created by this second burst
of energy.

	Sissy began to fear for her momma's health and her own personal safety.
There was so much happening at once that she did not know exactly how to cope
with his awesome force that seemed bent on tearing her mother limb from limb.
Sissy grabbed her momma by the shoulders and shook her frantically trying to
bring her back from wherever she had retreated to enjoy this cataclysmic vision
of life after death. Then as abruptly as it began, it was over. The two
survivors huddled together in each others arms, enjoying the warmth and the
wetness, the only signs of what had just occurred in this little room. "I do
believe I'll take a little nap. You be a good girl and go take care of the men
folk; lord knows they need as much caring as one can provide." With those words
the former matriarch of the clan fell fast asleep, leaving her daughter to her
own thoughts.

	Sissy's return was greeted with hoots and hollering as the men looked up
from the big television set that was showing a band of naked folk doing the
nasty in all sorts of positions simultaneously. There was so much action going
on that each of the men could onlyconcentrate his attention on a small segment
of the activity that the frantic cameramen were trying to capture.

	 "Will you look at what that blonde gal is doing with those three guys!
Damn, that sure must put a strain on her innards to be taking two at a time in
that little hole, and still have enough energy left to swallow that other
fella's dick to the roots."

	"Hell, that's nothing compared to what those two gals are doing to each
other.  Never seen such big things go into such small, tight spaces before in my
life. Damn if she isn't taking the whole thing and I wonder how in the hell it's
ever gonna come out of that tiny hole!".

	Sissy sighed and shook her head. Those men of hers had seen this
particular tape about a hundred times, and they still acted as if they had never
laid eyes on it before. Even their comments were the same. She could close her
eyes and lip synch what they were about to say with no problem at all. The funny
thing was that the speakers rotated from show to show. Sometimes it would be
daddy Luke urging those two fellas on as they double fucked that blonde gal in
the butt; another time it might be one of her brothers taking that role. For
some odd reason they never seemed to be bothered by who said what about whom. It
was just another one of those male bonding things she had heard about. That
observation now became history as she took a deep breath and mentally hitched up
her britches as she prepared to engage them for round two.

	Grandpa Lucas had still not recovered from his little encounter with
Sissy, and it seemed he'd not be ready for much besides some occasional pawing
of her attributes and perhaps getting a lot of drool all over her tweeners as
well. On the the other hand there were three stiff cocks, each one pointed in
her direction. It appeared that there would be no need for any lap dancing;
these tools were well oiled and ready for action. Protocol still dictated that
daddy Luke get first choice and Sissy dutifully presented herself for his
perusal, standing with her legs spread and a big smile on her face. "Damn you
look good enough to eat, but I ain't hungry for that pussy; I want that fine
tight asshole you been peddling to your city friends." His comment came as no
surprise to the blonde airhead; her daddy was first and foremost an ass man,
that she knew for a fact.

	Sissy spun around quick as a wink, then bent at the waist,  her hands
grabbing her ankles in order to fully display that rounded bottom with its big
brown eye ready for poking, prodding and plundering. Quickly daddy Luke got into
position, his big strong hands prying apart her firm buns so he could ram his
rod home to the hilt between those buttery jiggling cheeks. Sissy let out a yelp
of surprise as Luke's meat torpedo buried itself deep inside her asshole in one
smooth motion. Now fully inside his little girl, daddy Luke commenced pounding
away on her, stirring up all sorts of things lurking in her bowels. Sissy was in
a very vulnerable position and could do little to participate in an active
fashion. Her head was down, forcing her to look at the floor, which seemed to
move every time daddy gave her insides another loving wallop.

	Her two brothers decided to get a jump on things. They got down on the
floor beneath her and reached up to grab a bouncing boob apiece. This done, they
began twisting and pulling those firm fun bags as daddy continued to try to
drill a hole through his daughter's interior. Next thing she knew Lincoln had
managed to worm half his hand into her pink furrow and was checking her
equipment out to make sure it was in proper working order. Her daddy's pounding
was taking its toll on the buxom teen and with each new thrust her legs began to
shake and those big boobs bounced wildly despite the efforts of her two brothers
to keep them under control.

	Luke decided to cut her some slack. He delivered a hard swat to her butt
and told her to get down on her belly and keep those cheeks spread good and
wide. Lyle and Lincoln had the good sense to get out of their father's way,
rolling to the side so she could stretch out . Now daddy began to give her
butthole a major pile driving, his shaft touching bottom on almost every stroke.
Sissy grunted everytime he went deep, his thick prong stretching her tired
asshole big time. His efforts to drill a hole through her were increasing and
now it was beginning to get very difficult for Sissy to get a good lungful of
air.

	Things got even more troubling when Lyle grabbed her blonde hair and
yanked hard to make her head come off the floor. She was too surprised to
prepare herself for what occurred next. His long hard cock made a beeline for
her mouth and in one fell swoop was halfway down her gullet before she knew what
had gotten into her. That slab of teen meat neatly plugged her airtight, cutting
off her precious supply of air. Sissy tried to regurgitate this intruder, but
Lyle just shifted his weight a bit and forced his cock even further down her
sore throat, putting a terrific strain on the muscles controlling her speech and
the other sounds that her daddy was forcing from her with every powerful stroke
of his rock-hard prick.

	Fortunately for Sissy, her brother Lincoln caught on to what was
happening and interceded to prevent some serious harm to his sister. She was
happy to accept half a breath of air rather than none, and so she managed to
keep Lyle somewhat entertained while her daddy finished off ruining her tight
asshole, at least for the next half hour or so. He must have borrowed some cum
from a few other fellas that obviously had been hiding somewhere, because he
flooded her bowels with a tidal wave of blind wigglers that filled her to the
brim and proceeded to wash over her bountiful cheeks, leaving behind a white
scum that quickly dried to a film on those heavenly spheres. In the old days
when aunt Bessie and Sissy's older sister had been around, those two would have
been competing to see who could clean off her cum coated cheeks the quickest.
Now all there was were her two grinning brothers running their fingers through
the cum and then making her lick it off their slimy digits.

	Lyle and Lincoln wasted little time rearranging Sissy so that she could
start warming them up for the main event. Lyle squatted over her face,
presenting his hairy butt so she could begin licking those lean cheeks and
gradually work her tongue up between them to get at his brownie as he liked to
call it. While Sissy began to rim her older brother, Lincoln settled down over
her midsection and placed his hard dick between her hard nippled knockers for a
nice lengthy session of tit fucking. So while Sissy licked and kissed her way
towards Lyle's winking brown eye, Lincoln hawked up some gobers to lubricate her
tits, before starting to saw away between them. Meanwhile Luke sat back and
enjoyed the show.

	After a time the brothers switched places, making sure to keep their
sister completely occupied in pleasuring them. Then after exchanging some
knowing looks and giving each other the high sign they got down to the serious
business of screwing Sissy bowlegged. They took turns hopping on that fine piece
of ass, and giving it what for until they felt that tightening in their scrotums
that signaled the onset of an event that they wished to delay for as long as
possible. Then it would be time to jump off and let the other go to town on that
fabulous pussy until he got as close to the fire as he dared. The two of them
worked well together, making one daring exchange after another, each one
bringing himself closer and closer to launch.

	In a bit of a surprise, it was Lyle, the older of the two, who finally
had ignition and proceeded to launch, sending a few million or so blind tadpoles
surging into that special space that wigglers aspired to from the moment of
inception. As burns went, this one was exceptional, all systems functioning
perfectly as the payload was delivered into orbit. Not to be outdone by his
brother, Lincoln also had a smooth launch, easily clearing the gantry as it
swung aside allowing his payload to join his brother's in orbit. As for Sissy,
she felt as if she had been stuffed like a Christmas turkey. It was rare that
her brothers worked that well in tandem and it did leave a rather indelible
impression on the teenager.

	Once the men regrouped and congratulated each other on a job well done,
it came time for the final act in this drama. "Sissy you have acquitted yourself
admirably and your brothers and I are most grateful. However you still have to
pay a penalty for your dereliction of duty during these past few days. Please
assume the position so that your punishment can take place." Her father's words
were the last thing that poor Sissy wanted to hear. She knew that she was in the
wrong, but there was no way she wanted to have a bunch of blisters on her smooth
bottom just hours before she was supposed to have the other part of her
interview with Ms. Luxore.
				( To be continued)




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				            Chapter 6



	Sissy realized she was not out of the woods by any means. Her father had
not forgotten about giving her what for once he and his brood had their way with
her. It was now time for her to step up and take it like a Slickslit, which is
what she was. Her daddy looked her over, making sure he checked out those great
tits and that dripping Slickslit slot that was still drooling cum. "Honey, this
is gonna hurt you a whole hell of a lot worse than it's gonna hurt me, and
that's the way things should be between a father and his disobedient daughter.
Now as usual, I'm gonna let you pick the punishment; naturally I reserve the
right to change it if it suits my purposes. What will it be, the paddle or the
strap?"

	Decisions, decisions, what was a girl to do? On the one hand the strap
meant taking a fair amount of punishment to her tits and worse yet, her pussy,
which by now was getting a mite bit on the tender side. However the paddle was
like using a cannon instead of a cap pistol when it came to dealing out major
doses of pain per swat. She had been on the receiving end of both more than once
and she always regretted choosing the one she picked. When it came to leaving
mementos of the occasion, the heavier paddle left the more lasting impression.
However it was a lot easier to conceal the marks left on her pussy and tweeners.
Poor Sissy, she was hoisted on the horns of a dilemma and did not know which way
to turn.

	When Lyle piped up and suggested a bit of both, the men folk all grinned
and nodded. Sissy on the other hand was mortified. She knew that once those men
got into the swing of things, so to speak, she would be in for a rough time to
put it mildly. Then she compounded the trouble she was in by blurting out the
fact that tomorrow she was going to have the rest of her interview that was the
reason for her lateness this evening. This did not go over well at all.

	Before she knew what was happening, she was hanging by her wrists from a
hook in the ceiling, and the boys were busy spreading her legs apart until she
felt like a turkey wishbone on the verge of making someone very happy. This was
not unexplored territory for Sissy; she'd seen her aunt Bessie spread like this
almost every week or so while the men tried to see how much skin they could whip
off her big butt and those great doubleDs that never seemed to droop despite
their best efforts to pound those puppies into pulp after they got done turning
them into a pretty good imitation of one of those barber poles with their belts.
For the longest time, when she was younger, Sissy wondered why they spent all
that time whipping her pussy until it got so swollen that it could hold a pencil
by its tip. That was before Lincoln let the cat, or was it the pussy, out of the
bag by remarking that aunt Bessie sure felt like a new bride after they whipped
those cunt lips of hers until they practically shut.

	She took a big gulp when she saw daddy Luke approaching with the paddle
in his hands. This monster must have weighed at least five pounds and was made
of solid oak with holes drilled in the center to make it easier to move it
through the air. She had only a few close encounters with this weapon of ass
destruction, but they were memorable ones. The first time she couldn't sit down
without wincing for the better part of a week and her ass cheeks stayed purple
for even longer. The second time her poor butt swelled up so much that the skin
actually burst open on the sixth or seventh stroke, she had a hard time
recollecting which since the pain was so great that she couldn't distinguish
between one swat or the one following it.

	Her daddy pronounced her sentence, one swat each from each man in the
room, including grandpa Lucas, who despite his problems with getting off still
retained considerable strength. Then each man would have the opportunity to
decorate her tits with one dozen of the best, using their belts, but not the
buckle portion. Then there would be a round robin event featuring their belts
making an impression on her tight little twat. This time each man would be
allowed to use the buckle end for three of his twelve cuts. By then Sissy was
shaking like a leaf in a windstorm, wondering if she would be able to survive
this kind of nasty assault on her pristine body.  When daddy Luke added that to
end her punishment they would give her another round of swats with the paddle,
she nearly wet the floor beneath her. As it was, a few quick squirts from her
bladder sent a trickle of yellow down her trembling thighs and legs.

	To make sure that her outcries would not disturb her momma's sleep or
force the neighbors to either call the police or come pounding on their door,
Sissy was securely gagged with a couple of handkerchiefs, that in one case had
been already used for its intended purpose. A piece of duct tape kept her mouth
properly filled with the gag. Grandpa Lucas led off and took Sissy's breath away
with a swat that landed square on her left cheek, sounding like a pistol shot.
Sissy's eyes popped from her head as the pain washed over her purpling butt
cheek and ran down her leg. Lyle stepped up next and gave her other cheek a few
taps, teasing her just before he lowered the boom. The paddle whistled through
the air and exploded on her right buttock, flattening the fleshy mound for a
brief moment and even as it recoiled the skin began to change color as all the
blood vessels beneath ground zero burst simultaneously. It was a monumental blow
struck well and true. Sissy thought she was going to faint dead away the pain
was so intense. Unlike the first blow, the pain from this one lasted much longer
and she shivered as if the temperature had just fallen to below freezing in the
room. Daddy called a halt to the proceedings in order for his daughter to regain
her composure.

	A few minutes later Lincoln stepped up to the plate and waited for the
right pitch to drive. While he wiled away the time, he kept tapping Sissy's
throbbing left cheek making her quake with fear. She dreaded even thinking about
the amount of damage that her brother would do to that blistered bottom with one
of his powerful swats. She remembered the time he had hit her older sister so
hard that she actually sailed through the air when the blow struck.

	Suddenly he delivered a ferocious blow to her other cheek. The sound it
made was like a tree limb cracking off. For a brief moment everything seemed to
have stopped abruptly; there was no pain, everyone was standing stock-still and
she could plainly hear the blood rushing through her body. Then the world
exploded into sheer chaos; she was buried in an avalanche of sound,sight and
smells. She heard this eerie, high pitched screaming and it hurt her ears it was
so loud. The room got very bright as if a thousand flash bulbs had just gone off
all at once. There was this stink of fresh piss rising to buffet her nostrils.

	Then the pain hit her like a freight train and it was terrible to
behold. Worse still, she realized that the screaming was coming from her stuffed
mouth and she had also lost control of her bladder from the shock of that
terrible collision between the oak paddle and her yielding butt flesh. She still
hadn't fully experienced the wave of agony that was still building within her
body. Her nervous system was still trying to cope with the overload of sensory
information  inundating it. Then the pain kicked in big time! She started to
shake and tears rolled down her cheeks as she vented all  of her systems at
once. Another river of urine poured from her piss hole and her bowels evacuated
in sympathy. The stench was awful, and the men drew back in disgust and partly
fear of what they had caused. Sissy  gave up the fight and fainted dead away.

	When she came to, Sissy was still hanging from her wrists and her
throbbing ass felt like one big mass of pulped flesh. The men were argung with
each other about who was going to cleanup the mess Sissy had made. Daddy Luke
finally decreed that since Lincoln caused it,  it was his to remedy. He mumbled
and grumbled but dared not defy the true head of the family. So Sissy got a
break and was able to shake some of the fear and pain off, but still realized
that there remained even more punishment for her naked body to absorb, including
another round of that hideous paddle.

	As soon as things were mopped up and out of the way,daddy Luke got his
lick in. It hurt, but not the way the two from her brothers had hurt. There was
plenty of noise generated but miraculously the degree of pain was much less than
she had previously experienced. Daddy had pulled his punch, no doubt about
it,and she was happy that she had such a loving parent as he. This being said,
there was still a long way to go before Sissy would be allowed to trundle off to
bed and sleep the sleep of the badly bruised and battered.

	The attitude of the men changed dramatically once they were faced with
new unexplored territory, to wit her very full, rounded tweeners, perched on her
chest like twin pouter pigeons ready to be plucked. Once more it was grandpa
Lucas who had the honors due to his seniority in the family. He laid into those
plump mounds with a gusto that belied his advanced age, slashing and thrashing
away at them without rhyme or reason, but doing plenty of superficial damage in
the process. He got a little carried away and managed to go over his limit by a
few.

	Lincoln and Lyle had gotten their heads together before stepping up to
the task of whipping those puppies properly. Lincoln went first and he laid one
dozen of the best, down and dirty on her left tweener, making that boob bounce
and jiggle in rhythm to his careful strokes that covered her tit uniformly from
tip to base with a bright coat of red.  Then Lyle took over and damned if he
didn't do the same to that other bouncing boob, leaving it an exact color match
to its mate. The brothers exchanged high fives and made way for daddy Luke. He
was old school, using a back and forth motion that covered the waterfront ,so to
speak, and left her knockers a fairly uniform shade of angry crimson, but never
put so much as a nick on those glorious globes.

	They took another break and amused themselves by pinching her butt well
below the purple splotches that defined ground zero. Lyle went so far as to lean
over and plant a big wet smacker on the center of her blistered bottom; sort of
his way of saying no hard feelings. Lincoln would have none of that; he insisted
on pinching her cunt lips and even jamming a rude finger far up inside his
little sister. For that little move he got a whack across the head from his dad,
and a warning about putting his fingers where they didn't belong. He got the
message and made his apologies to Sissy who forgave him with a great big smile.

	By the time they finished whipping her pussy to a lather, sending her
spendings far and wide with their cruel blows to her nether lips, Sissy was
definitely not smiling. When it came to whipping a pussy, the Slickslit men were
experts. Their technique had been developed over the years and all the little
tricks that made the poor woman or girl wish that she had not been born with
such a vulnerable piece of equipment were passed from generation to generation.
In a round robin affair such as the one involving Sissy, they divided the
whipping into sections, with each man responsible for doing a job on one
particular piece of that taco-like pink part that was set out for feasting.

	Lucas got to split that clam into two parts as he whipped straight down
on that spread slit, leaving it swollen and tight to the touch, reserving the
last three blows for the second phase of her pussy pummeling. Her brothers got
to whip one side apiece using diagonal cuts that spread the pain and made that
taco even tighter. Finally daddy Luke used his first nine to neatly bisect the
previous marks that had been laid on that plump pink pussy. By now the poor girl
was hurting bad and things got even worse when they turned their belts around
and gave her what for with those buckles that made her feel as if her swollen
cunt flesh had been chewed up into little bite-sized shreds of raw meat. This
portion of her pussy whipping was called the free style, where they just whaled
away at whatever attracted their eye. Sissy was now as close to passing out as
she had been since she caught that third swat from her brother. It seemed like
that had been hours ago, but such was not the case.

	Sissy began chewing on her lips as she prepared herself for the final
portion of tonight's punishment, another round with the oaken paddle. Then for
the first time tonight she caught a break. Daddy Luke announced that he was
suspending the rest of her punishment until further notice in the interests of
fair play and the need to keep her in good working order so she could resume
providing her servicing responsibilities on a daily basis. Little did he realize
that within less than a week his daughter would be winging her way to the land
of the rising sun as a full fledged member of the Megalomania Enterprises
customer interface team.


				( To be continued)




			      Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				Chapter 7


	Normally Sissy would leap from her bed once the alarm clock went off,
but not this morning. She ached, especially her poor bruised bottom, the victim
of a vicious paddling perpetrated on it by her father, grandpa and her two
brothers. It had been quite an ordeal and she was thankful for her daddy
postponing the last round of paddling she was going to get.

	 She mentally went over what was supposed to be happening at work today.
She was aware that her interview with Ellen Luxore was still not completed,
meaning that she was to report to her normal work area this morning. This was
probably a blessing considering how poorly she was feeling. Perhaps by the end
of day when she was expected to join Ms Luxore for the final portion of her
interview, she might be feeling perky again.

	Once she gingerly exited her soft, warm bed she experienced the first of
many twinges centered in her swollen rump. Going to the toilet was the first of
many unpleasant surprises that were in store for her. It proved to be no mean
feat to void her bladder and evacuate her bowels without contacting the seat,
which felt as if it were made of broken glass. Walking was a challenge as well.
Her gait was affected by her need to compensate for the pain radiating from her
poor behind and surrounding area. To make matters worse her tweeners had gotten
oversized from all the attention they received down in the rec room, and
required a bra that now felt more like a chastity belt as far as the effect it
produced on her sore tits.

	Despite a number of offers of a seat, Sissy insisted on standing as she
rode the bus to work. Twice during the long ride unknown hands invaded her
private parts.  The first was delivered via a pinch on her bruised butt that
brought an outraged yelp from the blond airhead and led to the creation of a
no-fun zone not to be breached by those males lusting for an opportunity to pat,
poke and prod those curves that were prominently displayed by her low cut dress.
Said garment was the only thing she could get into that gave her some relief
from the nicks and bruises that covered her rump and othe portions of her
anatomy. The second successful foray involved one deceitful member of the male
race who shamelessly grabbed one of her big boobs on his way to the back exit of
the bus. Once off the bus Sissy limped the two and a half blocks to the offices
of Megalomania Enterprises and entered for another day of surprises.

	Sissy made a beeline for the ladies room and liberated a pillow from the
couch, then quickly returned to her cubicle and tried to find a comfortable
position in which to sit at her desk. The pillow made matters a little better,
but she knew that there was no way she could survive the day if she had to sit
at her desk most of the time. Fortunately she was called to her supervisor's
area a few minutes after the office day began. On her way over to see him, she
began to fabricate the excuses she would give him if he suggested she engage in
morale building activities at the local hot pillow motel during the lunch hour
or after hours. To her astonishment the man informed her that she was to report
to Mr. Janus in the Customer Relations Division offices in twenty minutes.

	By the time she arrived at his office, Sissy was convinced that Ms
Luxore had given him a bad report on the interview, or worse still, had
recommended that she be fired. Why a man at his level would spend the time
required to do something that was the function of the HR folk never crossed
Sissy's mind. This was why she was where she was, and he had this nice big
office with a stern faced woman out front who guarded his privacy like an attack
dog.  A few minutes later the woman ushered the shaking girl into the private
office of Mr. Janus, who was aptly named considering his occupation which was to
be all things to all people, just as long as it benefited ME,as those at his
level referred to the corporation.

	He pointed to the chair located to the side of his huge wooden desk,
mahogany of course, as befitted his rank in the corporate hierarchy, and waited
until Sissy settled her bruised fanny down on its surprisingly comfortable seat.
He leaned forward and gave her a wolfish grin, the kind she usually drew, but
never from a person of his exalted status. He spoke with a New England accent,
carefully developed and honed to perfection during his days at Harvard while he
was obtaining his MBA.

	"Ms Slickslit, that is your name, correct? I am the head of operations
for this Division. Ms Luxore who had been interviewing you, works for me. Things
have taken an unexpected turn and Ms Luxore has been pressed into service to
handle a little conflagration that has broken out in Europe. In parallel with
this little deviation from the norm we have been given a wonderful opportunity
to ally ourselves with the Hashifumoto Corporation headquartered in Osaka. It is
imperative that we send a team to visit our new partners in what may prove to be
a most profitable endeavor for both our corporations. Ms Slickslit, Ellen tells
me that you are ideal to support her in this important task. We at ME hope you
will accept this assignment and be prepared to leave for Osaka in one week. This
is a golden opportunity for you to expose yourself to the very highest levels of
management at ME and Hashifumoto. I know you will not let us down."

	To say that Sissy Slickslit, a recent high school graduate and dutiful
daughter was stunned senseless by this turn of events would be an understatement
of epic proportions. She wasn't quite sure what this conflagration he talked
about was, but she was sure that Ellen Luxore would make short work of whatever
it was. On the other hand she wasn't sure about where this Osaka place was
located, and hoped that it wasn't too far from her home. She remembered her
promise to make sure that she did what was right when it came to taking care of
the excess testosterone that flowed through the bodies of the male members of
the Slickslit family. Rather than ask any further questions that might expose
her ignorance of  things said here, she nodded her head up and down and gave
Mr.Janus her best company smile. He clapped his hands enthusiastically and
buzzed for his assistant to show Sissy to the team leader, a Mr. Muriama.

	The office of Mr. Muriama was located four floors below and there was
nothing between him and the outside except a door with his name stenciled in
black thanks to the maintenance people who had responded to the need for some
form of recognition for his role in this very important activity. She knocked
and a muffled voice asked her to enter. Seated at his desk, which occupied most
of his tiny office, sat a middle-aged man with glasses and a bad haircut,
wearing what looked to be a suit handed down from one generation of his family
to the next. He waved her toward the only other chair in the room and this time
it was hard and unyielding. He arched his eyebrows when she sat down and winced
in pain.

	"You are Miss Sissy Slickslit?" Sissy nodded and tried to shift into a
position that reduced the pain coming from her bruised bottom.

	 "Please stand up and remove your clothing. I wish to see your
qualifications."  This was a new one on Sissy. She'd had all sorts of men try
all sorts of lines on her, and lots of them worked she had to confess. This one
however took the cake. Before she could react, he stood up and pointed a shaky
finger at her. "I am in charge and you must do as I say. Do you understand! Now
stand up and remove all your clothing . There is much we have to accomplish
today."

	The expression on Mr. Muriama's face was priceless as she unveiled
herself. He began mumbling in some foreign tongue and pulled out a handkerchief
and began wiping his brow as she removed her dress and then leaned forward and
popped her bruised tweeners from the confines of the bra. She took a deep breath
before shimmying out of her bikinis. The man's mouth was open and his chest was
moving in and out, so she knew he hadn't died on his feet, but the silence and
lack of motion on his part was eerie. She glanced down and had to admit that her
body could do with some doctoring based on the variegated colors that crossed
her swollen tits, flat belly and that plump muffin that seemed to be acting like
a magnet for Mr. Muriama's eyes. When she turned to present him his first view
of her swollen, mottled ass he made this weird high pitched  sound and began
babbling in this strange tongue once more. Finally he spoke in what passed for
English.

	"I thank you, and my ancestors thank you as well. You are perfection in
itself. I am saved. My family honor has been upheld." Sissy had no idea what he
was talking about, but the look on his face was one of sheer bliss.Normally when
a man had that look on his face, he also had something hard poking out from his
trousers if he was wearing any that is.

	"You may put your clothing on again. I must make a few phone calls and
once things have been arranged I will expect you to come to Room B7, located in
the basement of this building. There you will have your picture taken by a
professional photographer and his staff. From his pictures we wil select those
to be included in the brochure that is even now being prepared for delivery to
the Hashifumoto Corporation people in advance of our team's arrival in Osaka in
one week."  Sissy knew better than to ask any questions of this man. At this
point he was most happy with her and it was obvious that she had something to
contribute when they visited Osaka, wherever that was. She made a mental note to
find out tonight where this place was located.

	That afternoon she found her way down to the area that was now set up as
a photographer's studio of sorts. Besides Mr Muriama, there was this blonde
haired, middle-aged man wearing dark glasses and clad entirely in black leather.
Surrounding him were four other people who comprised the team that would assist
him in making the portfolio that was to be sent to the Hashifumoto Corporation.
He was introduced as Klaus von Klaw and before Sissy could say a word he
screamed at the top of his lungs, " So this is the meat! Strip pig! I don't have
all day to do this job. Now get those clothes off and just do as I say." There
was something in his tone of voice that made her get naked in record time.

	"Hands on your head, feet spread!" he ordered and Sissy complied. He
circled her making small noises as he did. "This one has already been marked up
rather well, this will save considerable time. Let's string her up by her wrists
and make sure those legs are spread until she squeaks."

	 Without a word a pair of his black clad assistants picked her up and
carried her over to the center of the room where a hook hung from a rafter in
the ceiling. Before she knew it, she was hanging from her wrists, her legs
feeling as if they were the wishbone of a turkey and someone was about to get
his wish fulfilled. Suddenly she was blinded by the flashing from a pair of
cameras, one operated by von Klaw, the other by a pale, dark haired woman in her
early 30s.

	Occasionally one would order her to "Look over here....Raise your head
more...Try to look a bit more frightened..."  Sissy did her best to follow these
instructions, but sometimes she angered them, especially von Klaw who began to
threaten her with physical harm unless she did as he directed. "Do as you are
told or I will add to those beautiful markings on that superb ass!.....Do that
again and I will take the skin off those bruised melon-like tits; who would know
the difference?" Somehow Sissy did the minimum to avoid being further damaged by
this apparently deranged photographer.

	When they took her down from the hook, Sissy thought the session was
finished; not by a long shot it turned out. Now she was given a collection of
strange garments to wear so they could take more pictures. There were things
made of leather, vinyl, latex, even rubber. Others such as the chains, collars,
manacles, even that rone terrible corset that crushed her midriff and squashed
her lungs flat, were made totally or predominately of metal. She crammed her
body into all manner of pants, gloves, corsets, waist cinchers and items she
didn't even know the name for. She tried to make her sore titties fit into
contraptions made of rubber or leather, some with places for her nipples to
protrude. The cameras flashed over and over as she changed from one bizarre
outfit to the next, all of them revealing much more than they concealed.

	Next came the ropes and bondage gear. By then poor Sissy was limp as a
rag from being under the bright lights without relief or even being allowed the
opportunity to drain her rather full bladder. Her arms and hands were placed in
sleeves that forced her elbows together and made her two arms merge into one.
She had her jaws pried open to their limit by rubber ball gags, a brank and a
pear, an insidious tool that allowed the victim's jaws to be opened to their
limit, and even beyond if the one controlling the pear deemed it necessary.
Hooks were embedded into her nostrils and attached to her brow causing her face
to be stretched painfully. There was even this simple looking device made of
wooden strips that captured her tongue, holding it out from her mouth in its
powerful grip.

	The final portion of this lenghty and almost debilitating session
involved Sissy being put into compromising positions that made it appear as if
she was engaged in various forms of sexual congress with as many as three
partners at the same time. Even the woman joined in this activity, posing with
Sissy for a series of shots that actually showed both lapping away at each
other's private parts. Sissy found this to be an almost restful experience
thanks to the skill of that dark haired woman. However she panicked when they
brought in the Doberman, its equipment modified to make it easy to have sex with
humans. She fought furiously against their attempts to even simulate a mating
with that animal, but they wore her down and in exchange for the promise to
terminate the session once they got one good shot of her and the dog, she
relented.

	Once this was accomplished to the satisfaction of Klaus von Klaw, the
session was terminated, as promised, and Sissy was totally ignored as they went
about the business of striking the set and packing it up for transport to
wherever the next shoot might be held. As for poor Sissy, she barely had enough
energy left to drag herself into the ladies room. It had been a brutal day, but
the worse was over for now.


				( To be continued)




			Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				Chapter 8


	Except for the little misunderstanding at home, the rest of the week
proved to be pretty uneventful at home, but extremely busy at work. The
paperwork officially transferring Sissy to the Customer Relations Division of ME
was duly processed and she found herself with her own private cubicle, one even
larger than  that still occupied by Mr. Muriama. Not only that , but like him
her name was stenciled on the door, except in her case it was in larger letters.
Like the true gentleman and doormat that he was, he took this slight with grace
as befitted his typical subservient nature.

	 His mother had pussy whipped her poor boy to death, and his wife had
taken care of extinguishing any flickerings that might have occasionally sprung
up during his career as a married pussy, for his wife not only wore the pants in
the family, she made sure he never wore anything more than bikinis when he was
home. She used to have her friends over so they could watch him model all the
frilly underwear that his wife kept him dressed in. In over twenty years of
married servitude he never got so much as a snuff of her perfect cunt, it being
reserved for real men and her inner circle of superior women.

	Sissy was a bit troubled by the behavior of the men folk at home. She
fretted that perhaps their coolness had something to do with daddy Luke at first
forbidding her to go to Wisconsin where he said that Osaka place was located,
then abruptly changing his mind the very next evening. Not only did he change
his mind on allowing her to go with the rest of the ME team, he also forbid his
boys and his own daddy to so much as touch Sissy without his permission. Then to
the consternation of all he announced that Sissy was off limits for fun and
games until further notice. Her two brothers looked as if they had been whacked
across the head with a 2X4; as for grandpa, he merely drooled a little bit
faster, but said nothing.

	Sissy was never told what occurred at the highest levels of the
corporation when she tearfully announced that her daddy had forbidden her to go
out of town, saying that her duty was to her family, not the corporation,
whatever the hell that was. Mr. Janus was summoned to sit with the CEO of
Megalomania Enterprises and explain to him what had happened to jeopardize this
wonderful opportunity to assist an international giant in the field of
construction and manufacturing and make a huge profit while doing it. Rumor has
it that Mr. Janus left a stain on his chair that required it to be
reupholstered.

	To his credit Mr. Janus was gifted wth some amount of intelligence to go
with his urge for corporate self preservation. He had the HR department go
through Sissy's files in hopes that they might reveal where her father and any
other family members were employed. It was a brilliant stab in the dark that he
would recount at countless staff meeting over the next three years as he waited
his opportunity to cut the ground out from under his immediate boss, an aging VP
who had used his marriage ties to gain this exalted position.

	After finding out the name of their employer, Janus went to the
Corporate Relations department and lo and behold discovered that the very same
company that employed one Luke Slickslit, and his two sons, Lyle and Lincoln,
was a subcontractor to an ME subsidiary. As the old saying goes, the rest was
history. The elder Slickslit was ushered into the owner's office and given a
lecture on the subject of corporate relationships and team play, as well as an
offer to introduce him and his sons to a gentleman named Vito who took care of 
"out of the ordinary" employee relations for the company. Daddy Luke declined
this offer with thanks and returned to his work site after taking a detour into
the men's room to take care of an embarrassing problem he had developed with and
in his shorts.

	At work Sissy was required to submit to a thorough physical examination
from the company doctor. The old physician checked her from stem to stern and
outside of noting some healing bruises and a few minor cuts and abrasions,
pronounced her to be not only fit as a fiddle, but tight as a drum based on the
examination he gave her private parts which he had been told would be severely
tested by the Hashifumoto folks. Her exam concluded with a series of
innoculations required by the US and Japanese governments for persons entering
their respective countries. Never had the doctor been so happy to provide such a
service since he was accustomed to being faced with either hairy male asses or
sagging female posteriors while he shot them up with his hypodermic needles. 
Having the pleasure of staring into those twin rounded globes of firm although
bruised flesh was heaven on earth for the senior citizen practioner.

	Learning to speak Japanese in less than a week proved to be most
challenging despite the best efforts of Mr. Muriama. He had been instructed that
all the girl had to do was memorize a few key phrases in Japanese. These would
be all that were necessary to have her function perfectly in her role as part of
the ME team that would be flying to Osaka over the weekend. So for hour after
endless hour he sat in his cubicle as his student, clad only in her school
uniform consisting of a pair of the briefest bikinis and a sheer bra that was
worn to show off rather than support her outstanding jugs, stumbled through her
lessons. Mr Muriama could not recall ever being so happy in all of his miserable
down-trodden life.

	"Again my little paragon of physical pefection, let me hear you say it."
Then he would sit back and let his stiff member poke from his trousers as Sissy
asked him to please fuck her ass in what passed for her version of Japanese.
Then he would sigh and correct her phrasing, telling her to stress the words
"fuck" and "ass" a bit stronger. Then he'd lean back, close his eyes and listen
to her say "fuck my ass" over and over as his cock got stiffer and stiffer.
Usually it took perhaps a half hour of recitation of a single phrase to get him
off properly. He would then declare a break and leave the room to get cleaned up
and ready for another round of fun and games, Japanese style. Poor Sissy had no
idea that she was once more doing morale building, only at a higher level this
time. She could hardly wait to meet and greet her new found Japanese friends
once she got to Osaka, which she now realized was definitely not in Wisconsin.

	Somehow by the end of day on Friday, Sissy was capable of reciting her
eight basic phrases in fairly decent Japanese. Mr. Muriama was so proud of his
student that on her last day he allowed her to removed her uniform and even play
act as she ran through her exercises, pleading for his cock in her ass and her
other two entry ways,  promising to suck the cum from his balls and lick them
until they glistened like the two steel spheres they were. (That one was a bit
of a reach, but hell, he was on a roll.) Then there was the one where she pursed
her lips and offered to rim her companion. Then it graduated to the more kinky
ones where she asked for a big enema or to be hung by her wrists and beaten like
a drum. All in all, it was perhaps the greatest extended moment in Mr Muriama's
life. The final lesson culminated in his cock shooting a huge blast of pent up, 
frustrated, pussy whipped cum directly into the beautiful face of his star
student as she knelt before him with her big blue eyes wide open and her little
pink tongue flicking across her pefect bee stung lips. Now that was one for the
ages!

	The next morning promptly at four, the company limo arrived at the
Slickslit residence to take Sissy off on the adventure of her young life. She
thought it strange that her entire family was up and about, waiting sheepishly
by the door to see their darling daughter, fun-loving sister and good fuck buddy
off to that mysterious country located on the other side of the world.  It was a
tearful event for all, especially the men folk who now were faced with the
prospect of having to make do with a worn-out lady who looked at least ten years
older than she was, or lots of porn flicks with plenty of lube to help matters
along. To make things worse there was no time table provided as to exactly when
Sissy would return to the bosom of her family. Had they also known of the
activities that were planned for the teen airhead they would have been appalled,
provided they knew the meaning of the word.

	Besides Mr. Muriama, there were two others that Sissy didn't know. When
she asked where Ms. Luxore was, she was informed that Ellen would be meeting
them at the airport since she had just flown in from Germany where she had taken
care of a little misunderstanding that had arisen between ME and one of their
international partners. Rather than go home to just  turnaround and come back to
the airport made no sense. To give her a chance to unwind from the first leg of
this very long flight she had one of her flunkies pack another suitcase for her
and ferry it to the airport where she was resting. Sissy was overjoyed that she
would have a chance to meet and thank Ms Luxore for her recommendation that
Sissy be included in this very important corporate mission.Then the teen fell
asleep as the limo took the party to the airport.

	Getting through security proved a little more than Sissy could handle.
For some reason  the girl kept setting off the alarms as she attempted to pass
through the metal detector. Things only got worse when they ran a wand over her
body and it went off like a banshee. Two beefy, smirking, female members of
airport security escorted Sissy into a small room just off the main concourse
for a more thorough search of her person. Once she stripped down to her best go
to meeting bikinis and bra, their eyes lit up. "Damn, looks like we hit the
jackpot with this little piece of tail. What's your choice, her asshole or
cunt?"

	The blonde teen made the mistake of putting up a small amount of
resistance to their handlng of her person, and before she could apologize for
her bad manners, they had cuffed her hands behind her back. She was warned that
further resistance on her part to prevent them from doing their duty to secure
the American traveling public against terrorist threats would be dealt with
harshly. Sissy being a loyal citizen who believed everything the government,
especially that cute little fellow with the beady eyes, told her, immediately
put herself in their capable hands.

	Those capable hands had a field day poking and prodding at her tweeners,
once they popped them free of her sheer sling bra. She winced a few times as
they palpitated those beauties to see if she wasn't carrying explosives
implanted deep within those firm mounds. They were quite taken with Sissy's
collection of bruises, cuts and abrasions. "Looks to me like this one is into
kinky things like discipline and pain. Sure wish I had the time to take her home
with me and really show her just how much fun it can be to have my belt licking
the skin off that fine looking bottom once I got done adding at least a cup size
or two to those bouncy boobs with my trusty rubber truncheon." Sissy had to
admit to feeling a little moist at the guard's suggestion, but she had more
pressing matters to attend to. She had to get on that plane and help the ME team
do its job to the best of their abilities.

	She dutifully bent over and allowed them to see just how far up her
tight cunt and even tighter asshole they could get their batons. The one tilting
her uterus pronounced the teen to be clean as a whistle. The other took a little
more convincing, but after a pair of twisting runs through Sissy's rectum she
too had to admit that as far as she was concerned it would be safe to allow her
to get on the plane that was waiting to fly to Osaka Japan, nonstop. A few
minutes later Sissy was released from custody and made to once more pass through
the metal detector, which made nary a peep as she sashayed across to the
promised land of airline gates. She was so happy to have gotten over this final
hurdle that she failed to notice the wolfish grins that passed between the two
security guards and the one operating the metal detector. Sissy had just been
had, but like all the other unfortunates that caught the guards' eyes, she went
her merry way unaware that she had been the victim of their neat little sting
operation.


				( To be continued)




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				          Chapter 9


	A somewhat disheveled Sissy Slickslit found her way into the first class
passengers lounge and was reunited with the ME team which now included a rather
haggard version of the woman who had interviewed her and introduced Sissy to the
idea of ladies loving ladies. Ellen Luxore had dark rings under her eyes and it
appeared that she had lost some weight as well. Her movements were made
carefully as if she had pulled some muscles or was sore. She acknowledged the
teen's presence with a brief smile and then put her hand down on the space next
to her, Ellen's way of ordering her employee to sit beside her.

	"Still getting into trouble I see. I'm told you were a bad little girl
who set off the metal detectors and had to be taken out of the line so you could
be given a more thorough search. From the looks of your clothing it must have
been a most thorough search. I just wish I'd been there to properly supervise
those lesbians as they gave you that very intimate examination. Tell me my dear,
did they use their batons in a rather novel way on you, or are you such a dirty
little girl that you expected and most certainly enjoyed their attentions?"

	Sissy felt that odd feeling of being disoriented that Ellen Luxore
seemed to create in her. It didn't help matters when the dark haired woman began
absent-mindedly stroking the teen's face as she rambled on, her eyes glittering
with suppressed lust. Then Ellen lapsed into silence, shut her eyes and fell
fast asleep, to dream of all the deliciously salacious things she and that
blonde teen would be doing in the future once she regained her equilibrium and
strength.

	At long last the announcement came that the first class passengers on
Flight 69 to Osaka, Japan could now begin boarding. Sissy followed the ME team
as they paraded down the carpeted corridor. After showing their boarding passes
to this utterly beautiful Japanese woman in a pefectly tailored blue suit, that
did an outstanding job of calling attention to her curves, they headed into a
tunnel-like arrangement that led to the entry door of the craft.

	Sissy gasped when she saw the cabin interior that featured leather
covered chairs that she discovered could tilt back allowing the passenger to
engage in a variety of restful and highly entertaining activities. There were
only two seats on each side of the wide aisle that ran down the center of the
cabin. There were headphones and a private television screen for each seat.
Sissy was astonished to discover that despite there being ten rows of seats,
only two other passengers besides the five person ME team were occupying this
spacious area. Then to top it off she found out that there were two beautiful
Japanese flight attendants who would be servicing them on their flight. Sissy
was to soon find out that the Japanese version of servicing was quite a bit
different than what she had grown accustomed to in the US.

	Mr. Muriama chose to sit beside the blonde airhead, claiming that he
needed to do some further coaching so that she would be totally confident in her
command of the magic eight phrases that she had spent so much time memorizing
and pronouncing over and over during the past week when she wasn't being poked
and prodded by the doctor or being photgraphed and fingerprinted for her
passport, or attending those lengthy meetings of the ME team that made her so
very sleepy.

	Just before the plane began to taxi onto the runway, one of the
stewardesses came over and buckled Sissy into her seat. She leaned over to click
the seatbelt and pull the strap tight around Sissy's hips and then she whispered
in perfect English, "I hope we will have a very nice time in the air; there are
many very interesting things that you and I can do to make this trip a most
memorable one. To give Sissy a little hint of what was to come, in more ways
than one, her perfect  pink tongue flickered from her lips and gently caressed
the inside of the blonde's shell-like ear, leaving a trace of moisture behind as
well as the scent she was wearing. Sissy was astonished to realize that she was
getting damp, very damp, and in one big hurry.

	Sissy could hardy contain herself as the aircraft left the ground and
arced into the sky, leaving the familiar behind and opening up another world
that the girl did not even know existed. She was like a little child, pointing
and exclaiming at the sights she took in for the first time in her young life.
Mr. Muriama was quite taken aback by her reaction to flying, and began to worry
that her artless enthusiasm would prove to be unacceptable to those the team was
to visit. It was but another example of how being totally pussy-whipped could
warp one's sensibilities. The two flight attendants were delighted at Sissy's
behavior and they hovered over her like a pair of guardian angels as she oohed
and aahed at this thing and then that.

	It would have been apparent to someone a bit more sophisticated than
Sissy that they had ulterior motives for the interest and attention they gave to
her. Mr.Muriama was ignored as much as possible despite the fact that he was of
the same race. They had already type cast him most accurately and therefore
treated him accordingly. On the other hand they paid a great deal of attention
to Ellen Luxore who was suffering from the combined effects of jet lag and the
steady pressure and tension caused by her previous assignment and now what lay
ahead once they arrived in Osaka.

	Mr. Muriama decided that he and Sissy had to get busy on practicing her
eight important phrases. To do this he devised a technique of giving her hand
signals that corresponded to the various phrases he had taught her to recite by
rote. This amused and sexually excited him no end. It did not take the two
attendants long to realize what was going on and they began to take a more
active role in Sissy's lessons, much to the chagrin of her teacher.

	The first time this happened he was making Sissy ask him repeatedly if
she could suck his cock , promising to swallow every drop of his cum. This was a
rather lengthy series of almost sibilant sounds that made it appear that the
teen was hissing at him. He had developed a pronounced bulge in his trousers and
was already giving some serious consideration to visiting the lavatory to
relieve the pressure that was building within him. Suddenly without warning one
of the lovely ladies swooped down and taught him lesson one. She quickly
corrected Sissy's attempt to speak her lines, reciting that erotic phrase in
perfect Japanese over and over as Mr. Muriama's face turned beet red. Then she
smiled and rephrased it and had Sissy recite it back to her. Mr. Muriama prayed
to his ancestors for the ability to disappear as Sissy uttered the words "May I
suck your pussy, and swallow every golden drop that comes from it." The
attendant smiled and licked her lips, her eyes dancing with expectations.

	A frustrated Mr. Muriama decided to take a nap before luncheon was to be
served, leaving Sissy at loose ends so to speak. She decided she'd see how Ellen
Luxore was enjoying her flight. Her dark haired mistress was not having an easy
time getting any rest due to the overstimulation she had been receiving almost
around the clock for the past week. She patted the seat next to her and had
Sissy join her for a little chat. For some reason this artless, unsophisticated,
bubble brain had some kind of connection to the harried corporate trouble
shooter. Ellen began to realize that there was more to their budding
relationship than just lust. Lust was great and Ms Luxore would never disparage
that aspect of their thing, but there also was something soothing about the
teen's presence. Even while she was in Gemany doing her best to mend some
damaged fences, she found herself thinking about this blonde deviate who managed
to combine innocence with depravity and yet be untouched by either.

	For the second time in less than five hours Ellen Luxore yawned,
squeezed Sissy's hand, which at first terrified the teen, and drifted off to
sleep. Miso, the one who had corrected Sissy's Japanese, put in an appearance
shortly after Ellen had nodded off. She brought a blanket and quickly and
efficiently tucked in the sleeping woman. "You have a gift, I am happy to see
you use it as it was intended. We are going to be very good friends, there is so
much I can teach you. We will learn together for I have a feeling that you are
more than you appear to be." To Sissy these words were confusing, but the look
on Miso's face could not be denied. There was something developing here, but
poor Sissy did not have the faintest idea what was causing this strange set of
events.

	She had lunch with Mr. Muriama who had recovered somewhat from his loss
of face. He insisted that they continue working on her phrases, even going so
far as to change one to include a reference to the size of her subject's cock.
Sissy had a hard time getting her tongue around the Japanese word for elephant,
but she dutifully struggled to make her teacher satisfied wth her progress.
Finally he had to excuse himself in order to go to the lavatory and so Sissy
took the opportunity to wander about the cabin. She quickly noticed that Ellen's
seat was empty, but gave it no more thought, thinking that her boss had merely
gone back to the galley to talk to the flight attendants or perhaps was in the
ladies room.

	On a whim the blonde teen picked her way toward the front of the cabin
where the other two members of the ME team were engaged in conversation with the
two other gentlemen who occupied the cabin. They were Japanese and Sissy quickly
felt their eyes undressing her as they looked up to acknowledge her presence.
Mr. Owen Bradshaw, the head of the team, a fussy sort who acted like his shorts
were too tight, and did not give Sissy the feeling  that he thought her to be an
essential member of the team,  looked up at her with an irritated expression on
his tight lipped face. His assistant, a fresh-faced recent university graduate
with an MBA from one of those exclusive places where everybody spoke with a
phony accent, added his two cents to her censuring.

	Sissy had no idea why they were being so mean to her, but she decided to
retreat and let them continue their business, such as it was. However she could
no fail to pick up a few words that passed between the two Japanese gentlemen.
Strangely enough they were ones that Sissy was very familiar with thanks to
those magic phrases Mr. Muriama had relentlessly drilled into her. The idea that
these two very important people thought enough of her to want her to let them
fuck her in the ass after she gave them a good rimming made her feel much more
appreciated. She could not resist giving them a good view of her twitching
hindquarters as she sashayed up the aisle toward the back of the cabin.

	Not too interested in settling down once more with Mr. Muriama, yet
feeling at loose ends, Sissy headed back towards the galley, hoping to find
perhaps Ellen Luxore, since she had not returned to her seat. To her surprise
the tiny galley was empty. Where had everyone gone, Sissy wondered. Then a
section of the wall opened silently and Chiasa, the other stewardess entered,
her finger to her lips in the universal sign for silence. The beautiful woman
wore a kimono and her hair was up and tied into an elaborate knot. She beckoned
for Sissy to enter, and when the teen stepped behind the false wall she beheld a
sight that was so bizarre and totally unexpected that she had to catch her
breath to avoid crying out.

	Lying on a table padded with black leather was Ellen Luxore, as naked as
the day she was born. Her wrist were pulled up over her head and attached by
manacles to the top of the table. A similar arrangement held her legs apart.
There were fresh welts criss-crossing the front of her body with most of them
covering her large stiff-nippled breasts and smooth pubic mound. The last time
Sissy had seen Ms Luxore naked, she had an abundant growth of pubic and underarm
hair. She also was much plumper. This version almost appeared sleek and was in
truth totally devoid of body hair. Sissy had immediately assumed this person was
her boss, but she wasn't completely positive since the woman's face was covered
by what looked to be one of those oxygen masks that Miso had shown her just
before the plane took off.

	Miso was standing over the dark haired woman with a straight razor in
her hand. She glanced over at Sissy and smiled happily. "You have many gifts I
see. You are also psychic, how wonderful! Ms Luxore just asked for your
attendance and here you are. Your assistance is required so that our honored
guest can find sufficient strength to be at inner peace with herself once we
arrive at our destination. There is much you must be told before this portion of
the journey ends. Please remove your clothing and prepare to join us."


				( To be continued)




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


	                              Chapter 10


	While Sissy slipped out of her clinging dress, unhooked her demi-bra and
skinned the confining bikinis from her great ass, Chiasa took care of the final
tufts of unwanted hair that lurked in the last few folds of Ellen's flesh. The
two Japanese ladies were most impressed by what Sissy was displaying. Miso took
the initiative and gently rubbed the teen's rounded globes, sighing and crooning
as her fingers gently moved over the firm flesh. "These cheeks are marvelous;
the men of Hashifumoto will be driven mad with lust once they set eyes on them."
Sissy was both complimented and a bit frightened at Miso's words.

	Now it was time for Chiasa to properly introduce herself to the blonde
teen. She was considerably more aggressive, first removing her kimono to reveal
her shapely body, now completely naked. Her breasts may not have had the heft of
those pushing proudly from Sissy's chest, but they were firm and rounded, twin
mounds of miniature perfection. What the teen noticed most about them was the
size and stiffness of the nipples, almost as if they belonged on a much larger
set of breasts. Chiasa glided to where Sissy was rooted; trying to deal with
this outrageous situation she had stumbled upon. Without warning her warm hands
cupped Sissy's tweeners and hefted them, while simultaneously her lips pressed
against the teen's and then her tongue snaked its way into the blonde's mouth.
Things were heating up fast, perhaps too fast thought Sissy.

	Presently Sissy was sandwiched between the two naked flight attendants,
and her resistance seemed to melt away. She was on the verge of surrendering
herself to whatever they had planned for her when she was abruptly returned to
the little room by a quick swat, delivered to her firm bottom by Miso. "We will
have our time later, but now it is imperative that the tension that a been
developed in this woman be completely relieved as quickly as possible. That is
why you are here; you are the conduit through which her tensions will flow. Now
follow every instruction we will give you; obey without thinking, just do as you
are told!" Sissy immediately went into her slave mode, a state she was
comfortable adopting since it freed her from all responsibilities and the
stresses associated with having to make decisions.

	She watched as Miso and Chiasa began massaging a cream that had the
faint scent of almonds into Ellen's breasts and pubic mound. Initially Sissy was
tasked with kissing and licking the brunette's nipples as the cream was worked
deeper and deeper into her breast flesh. Those fat nubbins of flesh were soon so
stiff that they could probably have cut glass. All the while this was going on,
her chest rose and fell as if she were in a deep sleep. The teen focused her
attention on the soft, slick sounds that came from Ellen's glistening flesh as
the knowing fingers of Miso and Chiasa kneaded and coaxed the tension from the
muscles beneath; while at the same time, the mysterious cream reduced the
swelling and harsh discoloration of the skin caused by the deep welts.

	A grunt from Chiasa and a pointing finger soon had Sissy's tongue
positioned at the entrance to Ellen's cunt. The blonde could smell a musky aroma
rising from between those oily fat lips that guarded her birth canal, unused,
but still capable of performing as nature had intended. At a nod from Chiasa,
she extended her tongue and carefully ran it up and down the juicy slit created
by those wet gleaming lips. For the first time a sound came from the woman, a
low murmuring followed by an almost inaudible sigh of pleasure as she reacted to
the touch of Sissy's probing tongue. This seemed to spur the teenager to become
bolder, more aggressive.

	Sissy's enthusiasm did not yield what she had expected. The further her
tongue slipped into Ellen's wet cunt the more agitated the woman became. Miso
touched the teen on the shoulder to get her attention. "She is not ready for so
much. Both entrances have been used frequently and violently for perhaps a week,
maybe longer. The welts are nothing compared to what was done to her insides.
They have been stretched by large objects, very large objects. She told us that
animals used her often, dogs, big dogs and she even was mated to a horse not
once but twice. Many women also used her, and they know all the special places
where pain can become so bad as to make the person wish for death." Sissy was
absolutely stunned to hear this and the poor thing had no idea what she could do
to counteract the terrible things that had been done to her mistress.

	Miso patted her and whispered, "You do as we say, and you, only you, can
bring her back to health much faster than you realize. Your mistress has been so
abused that deep down inside she is afraid to have another orgasm. To her the
orgasm means tremendous pain; that is what she received whenever they forced her
to climax. Those who did this are very much like those in our country that you
and she will encounter very soon. In her present condition she will not be able
to survive much. This means that you will have to bear the entire burden and I
doubt if you will fare any better than she did." Sissy shivered, not from any
chill but the fear that what she just had heard from this lovely Japanese lady
was the truth.

	The blonde teen returned to her task, providing a steady stream of warm
wet kisses up and down the moist trench between Ellen's swollen cunt lips. This
soon had the dark haired woman calmed down so that her body lost some of the
tension that had built up previously. Now Chiasa brought a trapeze-like device
down from a recess in the cabin ceiling and attached Ellen's ankles to its ends.
She then cranked the device until the woman's bottom was lifted almost
completely from the table, her thighs splayed wide, allowing easy access to her
rectum. Sissy was shocked to see how red, raw and gaping the entrance to Ellen's
rectum appeared. At Miso's command she leaned forward, extended her tongue  and
very gently began probing that open wound.

	Sissy lost track of time as she focused on carrying out the commands
that her two compatriots gave her in soft gentle voices, occasionally rewarding
her efforts with a delicate caress, a soft brushing of the lips across the
teen's pebbling flesh or a quick but exciting probe of one of her openings with
a knowing finger or tongue. The teen seemed to be consantly one small step from
becoming a puddle of pussy juice, her mind awhirl and her body tingling from
head to foot from the random stimulus she was receiving. She felt as if her
actions were only a type of background to the efforts that were being put forth
by her two companions. Nothing could be further from the truth. They knew their
role was to be the precursors to what must come from Sissy and no other.

	The girl's efforts began to flag noticeably as no matter what she did,
Ellen Luxore remained almost immune to it. By now the two flight attendants had
begun to use artifical means to stimulate the almost comatose brunette.
Currently Miso was holding apart the fleshy folds guarding Ellen's clit so that
Chiasa could begin teasing the pink lump of super sensitive meat that waxed and
waned in size as the vibrating strands of rubbery material tickled the tender
morsel that was the key to her release from sexual bondage.

	Without warning, Miso ordered Sissy to stop her activities and move away
from the table. The surprised teen did as instructed and stood watching the two
Japanese do their best to bring Ellen to some kind of release from whatever was
controlling her. To her amazement the brunette began to struggle and make sounds
that may not have been coherent, but certainly indicated that she was suddenly
very, very displeased with her situation. The two of them grinned and motioned
for Sissy to return and resume tonguing Ellen's rosy, no longer raw, rectum. In
less time than it takes to tell, their patient returned to an almost restful
state, a powerful demonstration of the effect that Sissy could cause in her.

	Sissy was now occupied with seeing how many hickies she could suck into
the pebbled skin covering Ellen Luxore's thighs. Chiasa was grinding an
industrial grade vibrator up and down Ellen's slot, being careful not to press
too hard and go into the sensitive portion of her cunt which was beginning to
ooze some salty fluid, but not in the amounts usually seen before a satisfying
orgasm. Sissy felt a tap on her shoulder and she looked up into Miso's smiling
face. The stewardess pointed to the top of the slot that was being carefully
plowed by her companion, and made a sucking motion with her lips and expressive
features. The teenager knew exactly what she was to do and moved away from the
base of the table and returned so she could lean over and attach her lips onto
Ms Luxore's clit, which had been left alone for  the last hour or so.

	For some unexplainable reason Sissy knew that she was about to get her
mistress off in one huge orgasm. She proceeded to attack that supersensitive
bump of plump, pinkish pulp with lips and her sharp teeth, that nipped at the
burgeoning bud as it responded to this assault. Sissy was so intent on what she
was doing that she didn't even notice that Chiasa was now pressing harder on the
giant wheeled vibrator and it was sinking deeper and deeper into Ms Luxore's
rapidly moistening flesh. The teen's teeth worried that hot button like a
terrier with its prey and Ellen responded by arching her back into a vibrating
arc. Miso reached down, capturing the woman's stone hard nipples and squeezed
them flat before yanking them back and forth on her heaving chest as she neared
her release.

	It was Chiasa who felt the first manifestation of the freight train that
began to rumble through Ellen Luxore's straining body. There was a squirt of
salty fluid that issued from her cunt and when it met the vibrator it sprayed a
shimmering mist of tiny golden drops into the air surrounding the table. The
flight attendant was covered with this liquid as it splattered onto her naked
body. She hardly had time to blink before Ellen's orgasm arrived like a clap of
thunder.

	Later Ellen was to tell Sissy that she felt as if her entire body had
been split down the center and something had unzipped the top of her skull
letting out the furies that had been feasting on her mind for the past week.
However for the moment, the three young ladies had to ride out the cataclysmic
explosion of emotions  that burst from Ellen Luxore's core as she had the
ultimate, for her, orgasm. To the three of them it was as if the woman was
having a seizure, so rigid did her body become. The sounds that accompanied this
seizure were unworldly, eerie, bizarre, strange and yet most appropriate for
what the woman was experiencing. It was as complete a catharsis as one human
being could experience and still survive.

	Ellen would sleep soundly for the rest of the lengthy flight, coming
awake when she was gently aroused by a smiling Chaisa and glancing over to see
Sissy seated beside her with this silly grin on her face that made Ellen's hard
heart melt for a brief moment. They were landing in Osaka, Japan and about to
face new challenges in an exotic land that had ingrained customs that would open
their minds to new ways of understanding what it meant to be female in a male
dominated society despite whatever face the government tried to present to the
outside world. The country had lost a war, but not their soul.


			( To be continued )




		                        Sissy's Corporate Adventures


			                 Chapter 11


	The ME team deplaned and headed towards Customs to retrieve their
luggage. For some reason the customs people couldn't find the luggage for Sissy
and Ellen. The head of the team told them that Mr. Muriama would remain at the
airport until their baggage was found and cleared customs. After about an hour
they were told that their luggage had been found and was being searched. They
headed over to collect their belongings only to be informed that a number of
plastic packets containing a white powder had been discovered hidden away inside
their luggage. Sissy could not believe what was happening. She had already been
strip searched and given a full cavity examination at the first airport. What
was going to happen to her and Ellen this time?

	Immediately upon their arrival they were hustled off to a room and told
to undress. Unlike the previous search, this one was done by a pair of woman
under the direction of an older man who made no attempt to conceal his pleasure
at the sight of their naked bodies. One thing led to another and the ME women
soon found themselves with their hands cuffed behind their backs. Sissy was
searched first.

	They bent the blonde teen over a bar with her legs spread apart and
began probing her insides with some kind of buzzing wand that soon had the girl
positively dripping. To add to her discomfort the other officer began to fondle
her hanging tits, squeezing and kneading the firm flesh as she murmured
something in Japanese that Sissy did not understand. Soon Sissy's nipples were
fully erect and at that point the male supervisor joined the fun, working a
second wand, one that was a bit more narrow and shorter, up into her butthole.
Between the two wands and the tit massage, Sissy did what came naturally and
proceeded to flood the wand inside her twitching cunt, much to the delight of
her searchers. After she finished trembling and oozing, and regained control of
her emotions they let her up from the bar so Ellen could replace her.

	Ellen soon occupied the same position as Sissy had and received similar
treatment. This time the supervisor took a much more active role in her search.
He donned a pair of latex gloves and proceeded to probe  the smooth shaven
entrance to Ellen's pussy, wiggling his fingers inside her and trying to reach
the brunette's G-spot. He said something to his assistants and soon one of them
handed him a wand that was angled. It turned out that this was the type of
vibrator that was used to find and stimulate a woman's G-spot. It took some
doing, but at last he located that special spot and happily forced Ellen into
not one, but two rather strong orgasms.

	While he was amusing himself in this manner, one of the female officers
removed her trousers and panties and positioned her hairy mound against Ellen's
mouth and began moving the thick patch of straight, black pubic hair up and down
the brunette's face. Ellen caught on quickly and soon her tongue was busily
insinuating itself into the Japanese woman's cunt. It did not take Ellen long to
bring the woman off and when she finally stepped back, Ellen's face was
glistening with the pussy juice that had spurted from the woman's cunt.

	Then it was the other one's turn and once again Ellen got to work. While
she was bringing the second officer to a nice juicy orgasm the short wand was
now being worked in and out of her clenching butt hole in concert with the
activity going on inside her juicing cunt. Ellen and the second  officer came
within seconds of each other to the applause that came from the supervisor.

	Sissy was rather perplexed when she was handed her clothing and by means
of sign language told to dress. She glanced over at Ellen Luxore who was now
kneeling on the cold floor and using her tongue on the first woman's butthole.
The Japanese guard was bent over at the waist with her hands holding her flat
butt cheeks wide apart to allow Ellen's tongue easy access to that winking brown
eye. The supervisor angrily motioned for Sissy to dress.

	Just then the door opened to admit a grinning Mr. Muriama who was hard
pressed to decide what to watch first, Ellen's tongue swabbing out the guard's
brown eyed hole or Sissy's stark naked form. He compromised by swiveling his
head back and forth rapidly to capture all the titillating activities going on
in this little room. He began to suffer from sensory overload when the other
guard also came into view, revealing her body naked from the waist down. She
grinned at the translator and said something in Japanese that made his face turn
red. Sissy recognized one of the words and started blushing herself as she
filled in the missing blanks.

	The teen quickly got into her clothing and allowed herself to be led
from the room by Mr. Muriama. She took a final look back at her boss and was
amazed to see that the guard's pussy had been replaced by the supervisor's short
but fat cock, now moving smoothly in and out of Ellen's suctioning mouth as she
dutifully worked on his hard cock in an effort to drain his big balls of the
sperm churning away inside them. Then Sissy's eyes popped as she watched one of
the female guards produce what looked like a rubber hose and begin tapping it
against Ellen's shoulder blades. It was evident that they had quite a bit more
planned for this woman before making a judgement on her situation.

	Little did Sissy realize that she had been part of an elaborate ruse;
these guards and their supervisor were Hashifumoto employees, and the entire
session was being recorded by hidden video cameras for the entertainment of
their corporate executives. In point of fact every person that Sissy had
encountered since she stepped aboard the aircraft were employees of this
gigantic Japanese corporation.

	Mr. Muriama informed the teen that they would be taking the subway to
their destination which was a large hotel located in downtown Osaka. However
they would be taking a small detour in order to pick up something for Sissy to
wear at the little get-together that would be held in the ME team's honor at a
well known restaurant noted for its excellent food and authentic Japanese
entertainment. She followed the translator down a number of flights of stairs
and onto a platform where a mob of Japanese waited for the subway's arrival.

	As they stood shoulder to shoulder with this large group of workers and
shoppers Sissy felt anonymous fingers and even hands brushing against her body,
some poking others squeezing whatever part of her body they came in contact
with. The first few times it occurred she made little outcries that were totally
ignored by those surrounding her. She tried to get even closer to her male
companion, but he seemed oblivious to what she was undergoing. She let out a
loud yelp when someone pinched her ass cheek, really digging into her firm flesh
and hanging on briefly as she struggled to escape. Just at this moment the train
whooshed into the station and the mob surged toward the opening doors.

	Sissy was swept up into the horde of humanity that poured into the
subway car. She lost sight of Mr. Muriama and was literally carried along by the
mass of business suited, book carrying men that moved like a wave forcing the
blonde teenager deeper and deeper into the bullet shaped metal cannister. There
was a hissing sound followed by the blare of some type of airhorn that was being
used by the uniformed men responsible for cramming as many people as  possible
into the subway car before signaling for the doors to be closed.

	The car lurched into motion but those packed into it seemed immune to
the forces of gravity so tightly packed were they. Then Sissy felt the first
tentative probing of her person. She was surrounded by a wall of expressionless
Japanese who all seemed to be looking somewhere other than at her. The first
prober was now joined by another pair of hands that somehow managed to locate
her tweeners and before the shocked teen could make an attempt to fend them off,
they squeezed and palpitated her firm tits before slithering off to another
portion of her anatomy. Now another wave of assailants moved in on her body,
hands rubbing her belly and gently pinching her thighs through the thin material
of her dress. A few of the men around her began to somehow open their
newspapers, acting as a type of shield for those currently enjoying her flesh.
Suddenly the girl felt a rush of cool air as one daring soul managed to lift the
hem of her dress giving other hands easy access to her plump, pantied pubic
mound.

	Things began to get quite serious as more and more hands joined those
exploring the blonde's body, squeezing, patting, petting , pinching, nipping,
poking, caressing, and even hefting some portions of it until at last the first
intrepid digits breached her last bastion of modesty, entering her lower
orifices. Sissy discovered that she was effectively immobilized by another group
of unseen hands that held her arms tightly against her body and pressed so
tightly around her that she could not have fallen under any circumstances. It
was as if she had been wrapped like a mummy in layers of tape. Now she felt
another rush of cooler air as someone slit the side of her dress open and a hand
slid over her pebbled flesh on its way to her breast, which already was
suffering a frontal assault featuring cruel pinches to her nipples and some not
so gentle tugging at her tits themselves.

	These forays were nothing compared to what was taking place in her most
private areas which were being overrun by an army of creepy crawling fingers
that felt like some type of large insects as they pressed into her pussy and
tried to probe her butthole as well.The countless fingers soon began to have an
unwanted effect on the girl;  Sissy was getting horny from all the stimulation
she was receiving. She actually heard a few lewd sounding chuckles coming from
those surrounding her as she grew wetter and the smell of her arousal began to
permeate the air.

	There is no way of telling what might have occurred had not the subway
car come to a squealing halt at the next station. Suddenly Sissy was now being
carried toward the car door by the surging mass of Japanese who were desperately
trying to exit from the steel womb they were occupying. Somehow she and Mr.
Muriama were reunited and found seats that provided her with some degree of
protection from the marauding armies of lechers that populated the subway cars.
Before they finally reached their station Sissy had the opportunity to witness
more than one assault on young women and school girls who made this perilous
journey daily. To her amazement the attitude these youthful victims adopted was
one of acceptance mixed with some degree of pride that their charms could
attract this type of attention. Poor Sissy felt as if she had come to another
planet rather than another country. She would become even more convinced of her
feeling as the days and nights elapsed.

	Over the objections of her companion, Sissy ducked into the nearest
ladies room to appraise and hopefully repair the damage that had been done to
her clothing. Once more she got a taste of what it meant to be a neophyte in a
foreign land. This well-scrubbed tiled room with what proved to be a row of
squat toilets offering almost no privacy whatsoever was not what Sissy had
expected. Worse still the place suffered from a lack of suitable mirrors that
she needed to assess her situation. Despite this handicap the blonde was able to
see that although her dress was mussed and had a narrow slit cut into one side,
it was still serviceable provided she didn't walk too quickly and stayed away
from drafts. She waited in line to have access to the single source of water in
this large room, and when she emerged, Mr. Muriama was still standing where she
had left him, only now he was busily engaged, using his eyes and imagination to
undress  the groups of school girls who sauntered past, some of them openly
flirting with the middle aged man. Japan was indeed a strange land, and getting
stranger with every moment she spent here.

	She followed her guide up the stairs that led to the street. He stopped
once they were outside and consulted a small piece of paper he took from his
pocket. He looked around to get his bearings and then he beckoned her to follow
as he took off down the crowded street. Sissy walked with an eye on those men
who came at her from every direction, ready to fend off any unwanted advances.
Her companion noticed her reaction and  waited for her to rejoin him. "What
happened to you only happens in the subways. Japanese men are very circumspect
in the open.  You have nothing to fear while you are in public." His words did
some good and Sissy relaxed and accompanied him as he headed purposefully toward
a rather nondescript building that was quite large. Sissy couldn't help but
notice that there was a brisk traffic of older men and high school girls
entering and leaving this building. "Where are we going?" she asked and Mr.
Muriama smiled and replied, "We are going to a bura seru shop; I'm sure you will
be quite taken aback at what you see inside, but have no fear, it is just a
business, nothing more."


				( To be continued)




			          Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				     Chapter 12


	Sissy followed Mr. Muriama into this cavernous building and her head
began to whirl as she was bombarded with sights, sounds and smells that were
completely alien to her. The place had all the trappings of a madhouse with
armies of slavering old men, giggling high school girls and those persons
involved in negotiating with both groups for whatever they had to offer in
exchange for what they wanted. This was definitely not a tourist attraction. To
most of the Japanese population this was just another trading establishment,
well known as a source for "mad" money for the young ladies preparing for the
entrance exams that would determine their lot in life.

	Acceptance into one of the tremendously oversubscribed universities
offered a ticket to a better life for those fortunate enough to be allowed entry
and to have the endurance and desire to survive the rigorous weeding out process
that made graduation from these places so very difficult. To those older men
with dreams that had been dashed and trampled into the dirt, it was a way to
restore their youth and energy to some degree, provided they had the financial
wherewithal to indulge their fantasies. It was clearly out of bounds for the
average tourist and only of interest to those with extremely specialized tastes
when it came to sexual titillation.

	The blonde airhead followed her mentor down one narrow aisle and over to
another. No matter where they went, there seemed to be high school girls in
various stages of undress. They in turn were surrounded by their companions who
seemed to be there to provide some type of shield against the hordes of dirty
old men roaming the floor seeking out their prey. Interspersed between these two
groups were the negotiators, men interested in only one thing, evaluating the
underwear that was being offered straight from the sweaty bodies of these teen
temptresses. Panties were the most popular item, and those rating them sniffed
the garments, even tasted them to determine the amount of interesting scents and
stains that were being left behind by their former owners. Urine and fecal
stains were a basic requirement, but girls leaving behind traces of menstral
blood had a product that commanded the highest bids by the negotiators.

	The appearance of the girls providing this product had absolutely
nothing to do with the prices they received. They were selling the stuff of
dreams, fantasies ready made for the customers who doted on this kind of
stimulation to revive their youth and regain their virility, if but for only a
moment. Sissy was stunned to see the activity surrounding this pimply faced,
flat chested, plump girl who couldn't have been more than fifteen, wearing only
her shoes and stockings with a tampon string hanging from her fat lipped vulva.
Her panties were stained with sweat from their elastic top to the crotch.
Superimposed over this base coating were stains associated with her bowel
movement on the seat and a mixture of menstral blood and urine bedecking the
crotch. The man attempting to buy this top of the line fetish item was sweating
profusely as he made hand symbols indicating his price, only to be rebuffed by
this cagey teenager, a veteran of bura seru bargaining.

	Mr. Muriama did not appear too interested in underwear, and the sight of
so much undressed teenaged flesh was insufficient to deter him from his
objective which was to be found towards the rear portion of the store. Sissy on
the other hand was totally fascinated by this bizarre arena and its occupants.
Strange as it may seem, she was not attracting very much attention from those
involved in this business of buying and selling used teenage female underwear.
The blonde had developed a mechanism that allowed her to block the scrutiny that
was usually applied by almost all men and quite a few women as well wherever she
went. She felt a bit disoriented in this place where she was not drawing much
attention at all. Coming right after her experience riding the subway, it came
as a big shock. This was a very strange land and getting stranger by the minute.

	When Sissy got her bearings once more, she found that she had become
separated from Mr. Muriama. The teen found herself in an area where dangling
from racks all around her were girls' clothing; not just any kind of clothing;
this was most odd. Upon closer examination she found herself surrounded by row
upon row of skirts and jackets, grouped by color, pattern and insignia. It
dawned on her that she was looking at high school uniforms. She recalled that
the girls not selling their underwear were attired in uniforms such as these.
Sissy wandered about for perhaps a few minutes examining this strange gallery of
hanging uniforms. Was this what Mr. Muriama was seeking? Sissy decided to see if
she could locate the translator, and so she began to walk from one aisle to
another calling out his name. "I'm right here behind you." Mr. Muriama's words
nearly made Sissy wet her panties since she realized that he had been behind her
the whole time. She turned to him to discover he was smiling and beckoning for
her to approach.

	"Find your size and then try it on. I've been instructed to make sure
that you have a uniform that fits properly; that's the only way to make sure
since these are not arranged by size." Sissy had no idea who or why, but she
could sense that whoever gave this order to Mr. Muriama was most important based
on the translator's attitude and the way his voice quivered when he spoke. So
she began wandering about the aisles picking up one outfit after another and
holding them against her chest to get a feel for whether they might be a proper
fit. Although Sissy was only an inch or so taller than the average American
teen, she was considered quite tall in the land of the rising sun when compared
to the average woman.

	Finally Sissy selected one that appeared that it might be a good fit.
Naturally she looked around for a dressing room and found none. 'Don't dally,
take off your dress and put this uniform on and let me see you in it."
Mr.Muriama hissed. Sissy complied, giving her mentor a good look at her fabulous
body barely covered by the snug fitting bikini panties, the ones with the little
cat on the crotch, and the demi bra that presented rather than supported her
tweeners. She couldn't help but notice that there was some drool coming from the
corner of her companion's mouth and a bulge was developing in his trousers. She
wrapped the skirt around her hips to discover that it was much too large. She
shrugged and put the uniform back on the rack. Mr. Muriama, who had offered to
hold her dress while she changed, refused to let her put it on, arguing that it
would take too much time. Sissy suspected there was more to it than that, but
made no objection.

	She moved down the aisle and then turned to the left and stopped
abruptly, automatically putting up her hands to shield her tweeners from the
staring eyes of the three old Japanese men who blocked her path. Mr. Muriama
shouted at the trio in Japanese, but they showed no interest in doing whatever
he asked, continuing to ogle the half naked blonde bombshell. Sissy tried to get
behind her mentor, but there wasn't enough room in the narrow aisles to
accomplish this. So she began to back away from the group in hopes that they'd
soon get discouraged and go their way. Her new fan club proved to be made of
sterner stuff, moving in concert as she and Mr. Muriama backed down the aisle.

	It was the translator who encountered the next group, backing into them
as they blocked his passage. Sissy turned and screamed as she saw another bunch
of slavering old men cutting off their exit. Once more a stream of angry words
in Japanese came from her escort, and as before, this growing group of onlookers
gave no hint that they understood or wanted to comply with whatever he had told
them. It was Sissy who took some independent action, hopping up onto a table
that made up the aisle, hoping that this might prove to be a means to escape
this bunch of oldsters. She was sure that in an open field, or what passed for
one in this huge warehouse, she could easily outdistance them. However, even
with this new perspective, the girl was unable to see a clear path that would
lead her from this area of the store.

	It was then that Sissy's synapses which normally fired in a pattern that
could only be described as chaotic, had an honest to goodness bright idea, a
victory for randomness. She shouted for Mr. Muriama to grab some of the school
uniforms and hand them up to her so she could cover herself. It took him a few
minutes to get through the growing mob of perverts and return, carrying at least
a half dozen uniforms which he held up for Sissy to take. The teen had held off
the group, which now numbered at least a dozen, by giving them a few of her
special moves that she learned by watching one of the televised teenage dance
shows that were one of her favorite staples for intellectual stimulation.

	The men were in shock, some wiping their foreheads with snot bedecked
handkerchiefs, others rubbing their crotches and a few merely drooling
contentedly at the sight of this gyrating, half naked teen with those enormous
boobs that bounced and jounced with every movement she made. The legend of Sissy
had begun to develop in this cavern of senile lust and her fame would spread
quickly as the old perverts' underground picked up and distributed the story of
this blonde goddess who had descended from the skies like the tears of Amaterasu
which had created Japan.

	By the time Sissy tried on the first uniform, a very bad fit, the crowd
had reached perhaps twenty men and was growing rapidly as word spread about this
half naked bonde teen from the West who had appeared from thin air in the
uniform section of this bura seru shop. With each unsuccessful attempt to find
something that fit her extremely well proportioned body the murmurs from the
throng of oldsters now acted as a magnet for every one of their peers who
attempted to swarm into the narrow aisles and  get a look at this vision of
blonde loveliness dressing and undressing as they gawked and gasped. As luck
would have it, the second batch of uniforms that her companion brought yielded a
skirt and jacket ensemble that fit her rather well, not perfectly since her
outstanding breasts still sort of spilled from the jacket, but it was ideal as
far as her adoring audience was concerned. It proved much easier for her to find
a pair of shoes and high socks that fit.

	 At Mr. Muriama's insistence Sissy kept the uniform on and climbed down
from the table looking like some old pervert's walking wet dream, which in truth
was what she was. Her adoring fans parted like the sea to allow this goddess to
pass and return to the heavens from whence she came. A few of the more daring
members of the throng reached out to touch her uniform. Those that did swore on
their death beds that they never had washed the hand that made the contact.

	By the time they reached one of the clerks responsible for pricing and
collecting payment for the uniform, pandemonium had broken loose in the store.
Many of the high school girls had gathered up their clothing and began fleeing
from the store as the crush of oldsters around Sissy and Mr. Muriama began to
overwhelm all in their path. When the translator pulled out this silvery credit
card with the imprint of the Hashifumoto logo on it the clerk began to grovel as
only the Japanese can when in the presence of someone from the clouds where the
zaibatsu lived. Negotiations were quick and one sided; Mr. Muriama made an offer
and the clerk happily accepted it. He and his uniformed companion made their way
to the store's entrance, passing through Sissy's adoring fans who bowed deeply
as she swept by, escorted by the translator who had just reached the pinnacle of
his drab life. However its memory would sustain him for the rest of his days and
make existing a much more palatable experience.


				( To be continued )




				Sissy's Corporate Adventures


				          Chapter 13


	In her school uniform, the blonde haired sex bomb created an altogether
different target for the perverts that rode the subway. It took them a bit of
time to decide whether she was fair game; the uniform screamed yes, but the fact
that she was obviously Western presented a caution flag to many of them. By the
time they decided it was open season on personages such as Sissy, she had
located a seat and Mr.Muriama had positioned himself to stop any type of frontal
assault on her person. He was a different man after his experience in the bura
seru shop, and it would last for a significant fraction of their stay in Japan.

	As the train whisked them to their destination, Sissy had some time to
observe her surroundings since she was not busy fending off unwanted hands and
other appendages that she had struggled against on the last subway ride. The
passengers represented a cross section of the working and student population
along with an occasional housewife. The more vulnerable appearing females, those
standing of course, were under constant siege from the more aggressive males in
the car. Some struggled, but most knew it was futile to try to defend themselves
against the onslaught and just stood in place being groped and worse, trying
their best to be stoical about this common occurrence.

	Sissy noticed that the majority of those seated had their noses buried
in what looked like some kind of comic books. The teenager discovered that there
appeared to be perhaps three different comics being read; one that occupied the
younger people, be they male or female, and the other two carefully read by the
adults, the great majority being men. She strained to get some idea of what they
were reading and was shocked to see from the illustrations that these comics
were oriented toward sex and violence against girls, teens and women. She
blushed despite the fact that her home life had an extremely strong emphasis on
the former and on more than one occasion she had been the victim, probably well
deserved, of violence. All she had to do was recall what she had gone through
very recently when the men folk taught her a lesson about her position in the
family hierarchy. Of course they didn't use words like hierarchy, but she got
the picture where she stood, or was it on her back with her legs spread, in the
family pecking order.

	The rest of the trip proved to be relatively uneventful, and after a
short walk from the subway station, she and Mr. Muriama found themselves in the
lobby of this ornate, ultra modern hotel surrounded by uniformed employees and
hordes of guests either arriving or departing. Mr. Muriama stepped up to the
clerk at the information desk and spoke to him for a minute or two before
turning and beckoning for Sissy to follow him. They went out from the lobby and
Sissy discovered that she was in an underground nest of high end shops selling
everything imaginable.

	After walking for perhaps five minutes her escort nodded and told her to
follow him inside a large bustling woman's clothing store. This was no K-Mart or
JC Penney, which was about as high end as Sissy had ever gotten. Soon they were
flanked by not one but two clerks, the male in a business suit, a carnation in
the lapel, and the other an attractive young lady in her mid twenties dressed
exquisitely and made up flawlessly. Sissy stepped back in awe at the sight of
this paragon of sartorial splendor, or some such thought since big words were
not her forte.

	Once more Mr. Muriama did all the talking and the man left to greet
another potential client, leaving Sissy in the hands of this petite, Japanese
beauty. She led the blonde teenager into a dressing room and held out a hanger,
using sign language to tell the girl to put her jacket on it. When Sissy doffed
the sturdily made high school uniform jacket to reveal her tweeners hanging out
proudly for all to see, the clerk's eyes grew wide and a broad smile broke the
planes of her delicate face. Then almost as if she were an iron filing drawn to
a magnet, she approached Sissy and cupped those lucious melons and hefted them
as she licked her lips. The blonde airhead had no idea what to do now, having
had no lessons in Japanese culture. This elfin lovely tittered and then covered
her mouth shyly, almost as if she was embarrassed at this breach of decorum she
had just committed. For some reason Sissy felt very happy, almost glowing. This
was no slavering, dirty, old man or aloof member of the ruling class in this
strange land; it was just one lady admiring the charms of another and expressing
it in the universal language praticed by all members of the female race. For the
first time since she had set foot on this mysterious island Sissy felt
comfortable.

	One thing led to another and before she knew it, Sissy was as naked as
the day she was born. She wasn't uncomfortable to be in this state, giving her
new found friend a chance to check out the entire package that Sissy was
packing. In fact it gave Sissy a nice warm, and very wet feeling that was not
lost on the lovely Japanese clerk. Unfortunately for the pair the timing of
their meeting was not fortuitous, and so Sissy left the store wearing some very
sexy new underwear, a demure blouse that muted her outstanding attributes, along
with a black velvet choker plus some pleasant memories of what might have been
in a different place and time.

	Returning to the hotel lobby they were given directions to their room,
which had already received their luggage from the airport. Sissy was amazed at
how efficiently everything in their small room was arranged. It seemed that
every square foot of space performed more than one function. Furniture and
closets slid from recesses in the wall, as did most of the fixtures in the tiny
bathroom that the pair would be sharing. Screens provided a degree of privacy,
but Sissy wasn't too bothered by this situation, considering  her upbringing and
the rather public nature of the most private things that happened in the
Slickslit family home involving the other members of the family.

	The flight had taken her through a number of time zones, and she hadn't
got too much sleep on the plane. According to what Mr. Muriama told her, it was
nearly 3PM, which was fine with Sissy since she felt ready to jump into bed
immediately. Unfortunately her long sleep turned into a short nap as they
received a message from the head of the ME team stating that they were to meet
in the hotel lobby promptly at 8PM and be prepared for an evening on the town
compliments of the Hashifumoto organization. Sissy was specifically instructed
to wear the uniform that had been purchased for her. Sissy thought it strange
that her immediate supervisor, Ellen Luxore, was not the one issuing her
marching orders, so to speak. All this would be clarified before the long night
was concluded.

	Sissy was dragging by the time she got down to the lobby. Her
interrupted sleep had left her listless and a bit out of sorts. Two Japanese men
in sun glasses and business suits were waiting for her and Mr. Muriama. The rest
of the Hashifumoto  party had already left for the restaurant in the other limo,
and they would follow in the second car. Sissy was amazed to discover what the
inside of a limo could contain. Plush leather seats that seemed to envelop her,
carpeting, even lamps that bathed the interior in a subdued light were just some
of the features of this luxury home on wheels. There was a large, flat TV screen
located toward the front of the passenger section of the limo and two ice
buckets containing bottles of champagne. Sissy's jaw dropped when she realized
that there was some strange movie being shown on the large screen.

	A gorgeous Japanese girl, perhaps in her late teens or early twenties
was hanging by her bound wrists, her naked body covered with welts. The lighting
was such that her pale skin, bleeding in some spots, glistened against the dark
background. Then slowly the camera panned to reveal a bearded man wearing
sunglasses, in some kind of a robe wielding a long whip. His arm drew back and
then forward, causing the whip to wrap around the breasts of the helpless woman,
kissing her skin with a new reddening mark. Sissy did not like what she saw, at
all! However, when she glanced over to the two Japanese, their eyes were glued
to the activity on the screen. Even Mr. Muriama seemed to be enjoying the
spectacle that was being played out before them. One of the men realized that
Sissy was not reacting at all well to what was happening on the screeen, and he
made a brief remark to his companion who laughed in a way that could only be
described as sinister. Sissy was at a loss to know what to do now.

	The one way glass of the limo windows allowed her to look out, but what
she saw was not very interesting in the darkness. Osaka was not Tokyo, but it's
doubtful that Sissy would be able to tell the difference unless she was in the
Ginza area. This city of nearly three million was a manufacturing powerhouse, a
no nonsense concentration of heavy industry and the more pedestrian side of what
Japan truly represented to the rest of the world. Yet it was criss crossed with
canals and waterways that were an odd contrast to the giant factories that
abounded in the city. Sissy grew a bit restless and her eyes returned almost
against her will to the screen where the lovely Janeses girl was now drooling
from the gag that stiffled her. Then the whip curled around her hips leaving
another fiery trace behind. The men were transfixed by the scene that continued
to play itself out on the screen.

	Abruptly the scene changed to a tiled bathroom occupied by an
elaborately bound young woman who was naked and squatting against the ornate tub
that rose from the center of the room. An older man wearing sunglasses and a
short white robe entered the picture and began slapping the girl across the face
as she did her best to avoid the blows. This brought a hiss of almost
satisfaction from one of the men watching  this weird tableau.  To Sissy this
was as unsettling as what had preceded it; there was no rhyme or reason to this
activity. What had these young women done to deserve the punishment they were
receiving from these men? Why were the men in robes and wearing sunglasses
indoors? Who was responsible for the elaborate network of knots that made the
ropes restraining both these lovely women almost seem to be some type of
clothing? Sissy had just run full tilt into the darker side of Japanese culture.

	Sissy looked away but could not blot out the sounds that were made as
the man began to dunk the lovely woman's head into the tub, holding her under
the water despite her struggles to escape his iron grip. Once she became still
he'd pull her out to take a quick breath before being plunged back under for
another lengthy period. Sissy could not help herself and peeked out once or
twice to witness the uneven struggle that seemed to be driving the men watching
into some type of sexual excitement, that added to the blonde teen's discomfort.
The sound of splashing mixed with the gutteral voice of the man, dripping with
menace even though Sissy could not understand a single word that he was
speaking, finally forced her to once again witness what was occurring on the
screen. He now had both hands around the woman's throat and was throttling her
as her body quivered in much the same way as a fish that had just been unhooked
and thrown into the bottom of the boat. That particuar sight was one that the
young Sissy never could get out of her mind. It was something that haunted her
dreams for years, and here it had once more raised its ugly head in this weird
foreign land, but this time she was wide awake.

	To Sissy's great relief the limo came to a stop and the screen darkened,
leaving the fate of the beautiful woman very much in doubt. Sissy was not at all
sure that what she had witnessed wasn't real. Considering all that she had been
exposed to since her arrival in this exotic land, there was good reason to
wonder if what she'd seen was reality or just another trick played on her
unsophisticated mind. The limo driver opened the door for the men and they
exited. It took some time for him to reach Sissy's door, but at long last she
was free to escape this macabre theater on wheels. The blonde airhead was too
naive to have understood the slight she and those of her kind had just received
from the driver. On the surface, at least, men ruled this land with an iron
hand. What went on behind the doors when they were home was something concealed
from all those except the immediate family.

	The street upon which they were standing was nondescript and mostly in
darkness, not uncommon for areas such as this. Where was this restaurant at
which they were supposed to  be meeting? Sissy began to become nervous, thinking
the  worse. Then she realized that it would have been quite easy for the two
Japanese men to overpower her if they wished while she occupied the limo.That
thought made her feel a bit better.The translator held out his arm and she took
it, clutching him tightly as they followed the men who disappeared down a flight
of concrete stairs that led to a wooden door. A peep hole opened and they said
something in Japanese that caused the door to the place to be thrown open,
letting out a blaze of light from the interior.

	Sissy and her escort followed the two men into the restaurant. It took a
moment for her to adjust to the noise that was issuing from a wooden stage
located in the front of the nightclub, as well as the light level from the
surroundings. Finally she was able to make out faces, all Japanese it seemed.
Then, as she approached a large table where a group, including members of the ME
team sat, Sissy's outlook improved dramatically as she recognized the snobbish,
young MBA. He was now assisting the team leader, Mr. Owen Bradshaw, who was
seated between two very attractive Japanese women in sunglasses. As Sissy stood
there waiting to be recognized, she happened to glance down and got the shock of
her young life.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sissy's Corporate Adventures



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; by Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter14





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squatting at the feet of one of the older Japanese men was a half naked woman wearing a leather helmet that totally covered her head. She wore shiny black boots that came up to her thighs and a pair of black latex panties. Around her neck was a steel collar from which extended a length of chain that was hooked to a ring set into the table that the party occupied. Sissy noticed the metal rings that had been embedded into the woman's large breasts; a thick, almost gray colored one protruding from the flesh just above the areola and a second silvery ring hanging from each fat nipple. The teen gasped at the welts and cuts covering the hooded figure's body, beginning nearly at her neckline and ending at the top of her latex bikini panties. Just then a waiter arrived with a wooden bowl filled with an unappetizing mass of brownish mush covered with some type of liquid broth. He placed the bowl by the hooded woman and stepped back while the members of the party laughed and nudged each other as they took in this tableau. An extremely well dressed middle aged woman wearing large, dark sunglasses that hid half her face reached down and opened a zipper in the hood. "Enjoy your meal my darling slave." She hissed in perfect English. "I do not want to see so much as a speck left or I will beat you bloody before sending you onto the stage." Mr. Muriama said something in Japanese and the table exploded into laughter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even as Sissy was directed to her seat located between two of the older Japanese gentlemen, she did not have the wit or wisdom to realize who it was groveling on the floor no more than fifteen feet from her. Just as she was getting comfortable, two things occurred that made her want to be anywhere than here. She felt a set of probing fingers beginning to insinuate themselves into her uniform jacket, and at the same time she was distracted by the shouts and angry voice of the woman in sunglasses who had produced a riding crop from somewhere on her person and was flailing away at the hooded woman beneath the table. Although Sissy was becoming distraught, those marching fingers continued to move toward their objective, which seemed to be her tweeners hidden behind the white blouse that had been selected by the clerk at the clothing store. She looked around for someone to turn to in hopes that they would protect her from being groped in much the same way as she had already been on the subway. The ME members acted as if she wasn't even at the table and poor Mr. Muriama was staring down at the floor in utter embarrassment, tinged with a bit of fear for his own safety.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things got much worse very quickly. The disembodied fingers had now turned into a groping, squeezing hand that had discovered her hard nippled breasts that were fetchingly presented by the shelf bra that they had also fitted her with at the store. The hand was rather demanding and quite clumsy, even when compared to what she had experienced in the subway. Sissy looked from face to face around the table and found most of them either looking at the stage where something terrible was happening to a number of plump, naked Japanese girls, or looking over the edge of the table to get a better view of the lashing that the hooded half-naked woman was receiving. Even the members of the ME team had joined in the fun, one staring at the stage licking his lips while the other grinned down at the poor defenseless wretch being brutalized by the woman in sunglasses. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy decided to take some independent action. She tried brushing the hand away from her bosom and for her trouble received a vicious pinch followed by a sharp slap. The blonde teen looked at first one and then the other of her nearest table companions, trying to judge which was the prober. Both had small smiles on their lips, and their eyes were positively dancing. However they were staring at the stage seemingly oblivious to what was occurring no more than a few feet from where they sat. There a Japanese dominatrix in full fetish regalia including the ever present dark sunglasses, was whipping a naked girl who stood there with hands raised in the air, her bare body being encircled by the long leather strands of the whip that left dark red weals in their wake. It was then that a second front was opened in this assault on Sissy's person.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another group of spidery fingers began creeping across her bosom, joining the first scouting team which was busy establishing some kind of base camp on her firm breasts. Sissy tried wiggling from side to side in hopes of dislodging the intruders. This caught the eyes of many of the old men who were seated around and across from her. She now had a large audience that made things even more difficult. In all her orientation lectures at ME, no one had described the type of situation with which she was currently trying to cope. Frantically she looked to the two gentlemen from the company, but discovered they were focused completely on what was occurring on stage, and that was something worth looking at if you were a middle aged male from the good ole US of A.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Sissy had been fighting off the invading army of probing, poking fingers, a large furry dog had joined the naked girls on stage. One of these lovelies was now flat on her back performing a sex act on the animal that could not be described in polite society. Two other girls were leaning forward, hands on their knees, presenting their hindquarters in the direction of the large dog whose long tongue was lolling from the side of its mouth. She thought of them as girls since they all looked to be around sixteen years old, but in this strange land, appearances were in most cases very deceiving.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Suddenly the blonde teenager experienced a full frontal assault that left her breathless and completely overwhelmed. Someone had crawled beneath the table and had homed in on the ultimate symbol of her femininity. Her first realization that she was about to be overrun came when she felt the hot breath of someone or something on the crotch of her brief lacy thong bikinis. Seconds later there was this sensation of wetness as whatever was between her thighs began gnawing its way through her thong to get at her cunny, as she thought of that pink lipped slit of flesh that acted as a giant magnet to most men and based on her recent experiences, quite a few women as well. Then she felt the hoary hands of her assailant as her thighs were rather violently spread apart so its nose and teeth could have easier access to her buried treasure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things took a decided turn for the worse once Sissy tried to appeal to her table mates by letting out a whoop and then a holler. Almost as if it had been choreographed, a group of men from her table stood up and effectively blocked her from view as they feigned searching for the source of the yowling she had just produced. The fingers busy on her firm shapely breasts abruptly ceased their efforts, but the one between her legs never even paused. Suddenly there were strong hands gripping her arms and then others opened her jacket fully and pulled it over her shoulders and down her arms, pinning them just long enough for a set of handcuffs to be clicked around her wrists. Just as she opened her mouth to let another cry for help loose another hand stuffed a scented handkerchief into it, and then swiftly looped a second knotted cloth across her stuffed mouth to secure the handkerchief. To all extents and purposes Sissy had been effectively restrained in less time that it takes to tell.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy was one stunned young lady after what had just transpired. There she was, cuffed and gagged for all to see, but no one seemed to have taken note of her situation. Almost all eyes were glued to the stage where the large furry dog was having sexual congress with first one and then the other girl. The one who had caused the animal to become aroused was still on the floor seemingly unaware of what was taking place only a few feet from where she lay, her eyes staring up at the ceiling. Meanwhile there were fresh activities taking place on and in Sissy's helpless body. Somehow a second attacker had gotten on the floor beside the teen and managed to bind her ankles to the rungs of the chair on which she sat, further restraining her ability to do anything to prevent whatever these perverts had in mind for her. Then she felt the zipper on the side of her school uniform skirt opening, and then the coolness as the skirt was removed from her body leaving her with only a badly chewed thong as the only covering for her below the waist. Then almost as an afterthought, the one nuzzling her sanctum sanctorum, finally chewed through the fabric and claimed his reward, full access to Sissy's pussy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over the next couple of hours things went from strange to bizarre to totally alien as Sissy was put through her paces by the group of old Japanese men that made up most of the party. Although Sissy was the center of attention, she was not the whole show. The hooded half-naked woman was also part of the entertainment, but whereas they seemed&nbsp; to treat Sissy as if she was a naughty little girl who needed to be chastised by her elders, the other poor creature was put to the fire and burned to a crisp at times. The old men rotated their seating so that each of them had an opportunity to maul, paw and grope the blonde teenager to their heart's content. All the handling that her breasts received caused the nipples to become turgid and then stiffen into twin darts that were strummed, twisted and mashed by her admirers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Other faceless members of the party took a turn between her spread thighs, some choosing to manually manipulate her genitals with touches that ran from the feathery to one step beyond brutal. She winced and wiggled as her unknown assailants poked fingers into her rapidly moistening channel, but she reserved her more energetic responses to those daring to insert tongues that teased her closer and closer to losing control, or others opting to capture her swollen clit between their lips or teeth and worry the super sensitive nubbin of flesh like it was prey that they had just run to earth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy doesn't remember too well when Mr. Muriama whispered into her ear that if she would behave herself, her companions would remove the gag and allow her to enjoy the food and drink that was now being served to their table. She does remember that at the time there was a tongue sliding around the inside of her other ear and occasionally probing deeper to tickle her to the point that she almost lost control of her bladder. The teen nodded her head in acceptance and soon her mouth was free of the saliva soaked handkerchief which was taken by one of the senior members of the party as a souvenir.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde teen was hand fed raw fish which in Japan was considered an expensive delicacy. To Sissy's surprise she found herself enjoying the exotic taste and texture of this food. Then to wash it down she was given little sips of some kind of alcoholic beverage that made her lips tingle. The girl had extremely little experience with liquor and fell prey to its effects over the next hour or so as she downed one little flask after another, discovering that it made much of the discomfort associated with the constant pawing her breasts were receiving almost disappear from her consciousness. In actuality her tweeners were now being squeezed openly and with considerable force. She would discover this the next day when her breasts would be covered with bruises and ache from the mistreatment they'd absorbed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things got a little bit more bizarre when the woman seated at her table began berating the hooded slave cowering at her feet. "Why haven't you eaten that delicious meal I've ordered for you? I grow weary of your pickiness! Now I want to see you eat every morsel and lick the bowl clean as well. If you fail to do this in the next two minutes I shall drag you onto the stage and let my associates play with you. I just know you and the Akita will become the most intimate of friends in a very short time." In her woozy state Sissy wasn't able to fully understand the implications of the woman's threat, but did realize that she was most unhappy with the hooded slave's behavior. The blonde also began to wonder why the slave wasn't seated at the table enjoying the wonderful food and that tingling liquid that she was beginning to enjoy so much.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few of the men looked up when the sunglass wearing woman stood up and began using the riding crop on the slave, screaming at the top of her lungs that she had enough of her impertinence. Since she was speaking in Japanese all Sissy could figure out was that she had gotten upset with something that the half-naked lady had or hadn't done and was punishing her for it. Sissy wasn't sophisticated enough to realize that the woman was part of the entertainment, not yet at least. The woman began kicking the slave viciously as the poor thing tried to avoid the sharp blows that the booted woman was delivering. Some of the men in the vicinity of this activity now stood up and formed a semicircle that prevented the hooded slave from going anywhere except toward the stage. She moved on her hands and knees closely followed by the woman who landed one brutal kick after another to her bottom and the backs of her thighs as she frantically tried to move beyond the range of the dominatrix's flailing crop.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two dominatrices jumped down from the stage, grabbed the slave and forced her to climb up onto the wooden platform. A fat, much older woman in garish makeup, wearing a housecoat and curlers in her hair now entered the stage and the naked girls scattered as she approached the trembling slave. She put out her hand and another of the bizarrely attired, sunglass wearing women handed her a length of what looked to be electrical cabling, somewhat out of place among the whips and crops wielded by the other dominants. Simultaneously she landed a brutal kick to the exposed ribs of the half-naked slave that lifted her from the floor and brought the black cable down across the slave's shoulders, sending her body in an altogether different direction. Despite her bulk the woman moved like a cat and began landing one terrible blow after another onto the sprawling slave's body, interspersing these with some solid kicks to any vulnerable area that the slave exposed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now poor Sissy was suffering from a sensory overload from the combined effects of the sake she had ingested, the steady plundering of her private parts by fingers,tongues, lips, hands and even teeth, and the incessant pinching, squeezing and slapping that her poor tweeners were taking from this army of dirty old men disguised as captains of industry, Japanese style. While someone poured another flask of rice wine down the teenager's throat at the same time another one was seeing how far he could pull her swollen nipple from the breast to which it was anchored, her eyes took in the terrible beating that the hooded slave was receiving from the female fiends that pranced and flounced in triumph across the stage. It finally came to Sissy that it was Ellen Luxore beneath that hood.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (lex ludite)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 15



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the rest of the time that Sissy spent at the table, surrounded by armies of unknown fingers, hands, mouths, tongues, teeth and the like, the teenager was treated to all the decadent behavior that this level of society was capable, and it was considerable. She witnessed it all through the haze of an alcoholic fog induced by the never-ending stream of rice wine that went into her stomach. Sissy remembered the overwhelming urge she had to urinate, as her belly rounded from the quantity of alcohol it contained. She even made some feeble attempts to rise from the chair to which she was secured so she could find somewhere to rid her bladder of its contents. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take her companions long to realize what was causing her discomfort. Now there seemed to be even more hands and fingers assaulting her pubic region. They all had the same intent, to force the teen to empty her bladder where she sat. Suddenly she felt a mouth glue itself to her most private parts, while a pair of heavy hands pressed against her bloated bladder. It did not take long for Sissy to give up this unequal struggle, and release a steady stream of her piss into the disembodied mouth attached to her vulva. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A cheer came from the members of the table as someone announced something in Japanese. Even in her alcoholic stupor, Sissy was humiliated at the fact that her audience knew what she was doing at this very moment. It seemed as if she had a gallon of recycled sake waiting its turn to empty into the mouth still swallowing every drop the teenager could squeeze from the distended chamber that had been such a source of discomfort and now humiliation. Then she noticed that the mouth was gone, now replaced by something smooth and cool. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to relieve herself despite everything that was going on around her. There now were hoary hands doing more than just fondling her tweeners. The rough handling they were getting was such that the pain even penetrated her drunken condition, bringing loud yelps and gasps from her as she was viciously pinched and probed. However nothing that was happening to Sissy could match what Ellen Luxore was enduring at the same time on the stage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hooded figure had lost her latex bikinis revealing her bald pubic mound. Her hands were cuffed behind her back and anchored to a leather belt that was pulled so tight it made her wasp-waisted. Through her alcoholic haze Sissy watched, almost numb to what she was witnessing. Her concentration was such that she was almost unaware of the liberties her dinner companions were continuing to take with her nubile body. A metal stand on wheels was rolled onto the stage. From it hung a huge, bulging enema bag. The audience broke into applause and the mistress of ceremonies grinned out at them as she took the hose from the enema bag and showed the enormous nozzle ready to be inserted deep into the slave's bowels. Meanwhile a number of the naked slaves gathered around the hooded figure and held her buttocks apart to show that puckered entry to her colon.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy was transfixed at what was being planned for the hooded slave, in reality her mentor and fellow sufferer, Ellen Luxore. The woman in the curlers motioned for the one who had brought the hooded slave to join her on the stage. The people at Sissy's table broke into a round of applause and urged the sunglass wearing woman to respond to the invitation, which she did, striding to the stage as the applause grew. She was handed a whip with metal tips and positioned to the side of Ellen. The older woman took a position opposite her and spoke in a harsh tone of voice that sent a number of the naked slaves scurrying to their places. At her next command the huge nozzle was jammed cruelly into the slave's anus, bringing a grunt of pain from beneath the hood. The woman nodded to the other and they began to deal one vicious blow after another to the naked body of the slave who trembled with each lash, but retained her position on all fours.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take long for the combined whipping to draw blood, blood that was splattered onto the stage and beyond. There was a rush of men from the audience to get close enough to be struck by the bits of flesh and blood that were being ripped and torn from the hooded slave's back. All the while the enema bag slowly emptied its contents into her roiling intestines. The whips began to shred the flesh just above the crevice of her meaty buttocks. Now the slave's head came up and muffled screams issued from the hooded figure. To Sissy this was a scene out of hell, and she was utterly helpless to do anything about what was taking place. Then to her growing horror she watched as a kettle of boiling water was added to the enema bag, then a second one.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unseen fingers separated Sissy's hot button from its hood and then viciously pinched that sensitive nubbin of flesh bringing a shrill shriek from the teenager. The pain was so great that the blonde nearly broke free from her bonds. Suddenly someone jammed a cloth of some type into her mouth to stiffle her screaming which by now was calling too much attention to the table. For a brief moment Sissy stared into the flushed, angry face of the ME team leader, and realized she had made a serious error by reacting as she did. The teenager wondered what kind of a penalty she would have to pay for this breach of manners, Japanese style.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hidden hands continued to maul her helpless body, cruelly twisting and yanking her nipples, pinching the insides of her thighs and scratching her engorged cunt lips as the hooded slave's muted screams continued to grow in volume as the hot water found its way into her sensitized intestines. Now the two fiends whipping her had shifted so that each could concentrate on one of her meaty globes. The slave desperately tried to crawl away from the brutal whipping she was taking, but the othe slaves held her in place&nbsp; as the enema contined to flow into her body. Another kettle of boiling water was added to the bag, resulting in a round of applause from the audience, mixed wih strange cries from some of the members at Sissy's table.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy took leave of her senses at this point, unaware until much later of the disgusting things that Ellen Luxore endured on that hellish stage. The next thing she remembered was the trunk door of the limo opening and hearing voices speaking in that strange language. It slowly dawned on her that she was stark naked, her hands cuffed behind her back, a gag stuffed into her mouth and held in place by tape. While her befogged mind tried to cope with the horrible hangover all that rice wine had caused, she realized she ached in so many places she couldn't even count them. As if that wasn't bad enough, she had the overwhelming urge to pass water, or whatever it was demanding to be freed from her distended bladder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A hand poked around inside the trunk until it made contact with the teen airhead. The arm to which the hand was attached was most powerful, as with very little effort the blonde teenager was yanked from the&nbsp;&nbsp; cavernous trunk. She tottered, trying to get her mind to make her feet move as she wanted, rather than staggering from side to side in an effort to keep her body from toppling to the ground. Her drunken dance produced laughter from the three figures surrounding the naked blonde. Once more she heard this strange language exchanged between them, and then felt hands squeezing her tweeners, while fingers poked into her holy of holies. Finally the leader of the trio spoke and she was marched towards this huge house that was like nothing she had ever seen or imagined.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was the Hashifumoto residence built by the eldest member of this zaibatsu clan that had survived the vicissitudes of losing WW II and the American occupation that followed. It was built in the 1970s and modeled after a typical castle built during the Tokugawa shogunate. Sissy had never in her life imagined the curving roofs now being kissed by the first light of dawn and the three towers that surrounded the main structure. Unlike the 350 year old castle that had inspired this modern version, the main keep or "tenshu" of this awesome structure was built of modern materials that made the heart of the castle almost impregnable. This was where she was being taken as a gift from the ME corporation to the Hashifumoto clan. Slavery still existed in the highest and lowest of places, while the rest of the nation went about its business almost oblivious to it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy Slickslit was too befuddled to appreciate her surroundings, concentrating on keeping one foot in the front of the other, for fear that she would otherwise collapse. Her escorts were silent, almost as if overcome by the power that radiated from this masterpiece of a building that towered over them. It seemed like a very long march to the naked blonde, but at last they passed through a pair of gigantic wooden doors inlaid with arcane symbols and pieces of swords and body armor that represented some of the history of the clan. Within, another startling change took place; now the interior was polished wood, tall screens and scrolls decorating the walls. Even in her present condition Sissy knew intuitively that she was in another world that she had no idea existed. What purpose did those who built this powerful symbol of their might have in an untutored foreigner? She would quickly find out.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued very shortly)&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sissy's Corporate Adventures&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 16



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They passed through another door, and what was going on in this room brought Sissy partly out of her funk. Her captors immediately broke into that strange language she tried so diligently to learn in the brief time before coming to this place of mystery. The first thing Sissy saw was this big-breasted Japanese girl dangling from a cradle composed of thick ropes. She looked to be about the same age as Sissy, perhaps a year or so younger upon closer examination of her features and body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not only was her half-naked body supported by the ropes; others held her arms and hands tightly behind her back, and still more ropes forced her legs to bend at the knees until her heels were in contact with her leather covered buttocks. Finally another piece of thick rope was knotted to her braided hair and anchored to the base of her spine, forcing her head to be pulled back into an unnatural position. She was in a prone position, her head&nbsp; hanging out from one end of the cradle. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Seated comfortably in front of the girl was a Japanese man in his early twenties, rather handsome Sissy had to admit. His garb was informal and rather European in design and tailoring. This was an area of expertise that Sissy had developed through years of reading fashion magazines. However what the girl was doing to his exposed penis was something she'd never seen in any fahion magazine she'd ever read. The young man reached forward and pulled the thick rope that connected the cradle to the hook in the ceiling, setting the cradle into motion. This in turn moved the mouth of the teenager onto his long thick cock, where she captured it for a brief moment and slurped noisily over as much&nbsp; as she could get down her gullet. On the next pass he shifted his hips slightly and gagged the big breasted girl as she tried her best to swallow it whole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without any concern for his partner's discomfort or the embarrassment she might be experiencing to be so exposed to all the onlookers, especially the grinning men, he glanced up at them and said something in a tone that made Sissy think that he was angry with their intrusion. However when everyone except the girl laughed heartily, the blonde airhead knew she was out of her league when it came to this mysterious language. Still laughing, her captors took their leave, but not before fondling the girl's big tits and one even inserted his finger knuckle deep into her asshole, and sucked the digit with gusto afterward. Sissy was just a bit grossed out by that maneuver, but she was only a teenaged servant or lower, here in Osaka, and dared not have an opinion of their customs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The moment the door closed behind his visitors, the man grabbed the girl by the head and jammed his length of thick cock deep into her throat. Sissy could actually see the outline of his mighty tool making her neck bulge. He held her in this position despite her grunts and efforts to pull free. Gradually her struggles&nbsp; grew weaker and then ended as her face began to turn a pale shade of blue. He continued to hold her steady like some fish at the end of his line, a barb hooked deep into her gaping mouth. Just when Sissy was sure she was witnessing some ritual murder, he pulled his cock free of her mouth, her saliva glistening from the entire length of that mammoth shaft.



  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He looked at her and arched an eyebrow. Sissy was totally confused and beginning to feel as if she wanted to throw up, not the best way to introduce yourself to a personage such as this young man who seemed to reek self-confidence. It took her a brief second to realize that he had switched to faultless English, her language of choice. Her mouth gaped like a goldfish, and she felt warm, usually the sign that her face was flushed.&nbsp; Then the meaning of his words sank into her alcohol soaked brain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Welcome to the castle; it was built over forty years ago as a monument to the indefatigable desire of the Japanese business man to grow and prosper. It was built by my father's father, and will soon become the responsibility of his two sons, Hiroshi and Shiro, my half-brothers. My father sired four children, unfortunately for me only three by the same mother. Allow me to introduce my younger half-sister, Michiyo, who is being groomed to marry one of the many nephews of the head of the Mitsubishi clan. I have been tasked with training her in the sexual arts, one of my minor responsibilities to earn my keep in the keep so to speak."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He laughed as he realized what he had just said had in a sense upset the blonde teenager. In her country, where he lived for a number of years, customs were quite different when it came to the condition of the bride vis-a'-vis her maidenhead, especially if she was marrying into a family of power and wealth. So he let Sissy in on one of the many family secrets shared by those clans whe it came to the brideto-be.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Just before my dear half-sister becomes a member of the Mitsubishi clan, a number of things will happen that guarantee her purity and loyalty to her new family. That fine round ass will carry the mark of the three diamonds symbolizing her new family. These days it's tattooed unlike the olden times when a hot iron did the trick. Our cutting edge surgical team from the hospital that caters to the Hashifumoto clan will do a procedure that rejuvenates my sister's well stretched vagina and at the same time creates a new hymen that will be happily broken by her new husband. Such is the way that we follow the laws and customs established by the original clans who created what has become over time to be the current version of the land made by the tears of the goddess Amaturasu." 

 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy felt as if the language he was speaking was quite a bit different than what she spoke. There were words he had used that confounded her tiny brain, or was it just a bit atrophied from lengthy periods when it was in neutral. The fact that he was teaching his younger sibling how to suck cock was not shocking to her considering her family background. The manner in which she was being taught left her slightly confused but also very intrigued. She wondered how she might feel as she swung in a cradle of rope and he fed his mighty cock deep into her throat forcing her to black out over and over from lack of air. Then she dismissed these thoughts as being caused by the alcohol she had consumed. She had to shake herself to return to the conversation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" You must be the toy sent to my half-brothers by the ME folks. Being blonde is certainly an asset in this nation of brunettes, but frankly speaking I am more attracted to my sister's body than yours. Can you believe those 39DD breasts on a seventeen-year- old? When I was getting my degree in your country at Cal Berkeley, I went though a blonde phase that lasted nearly two years. My specialty was big bosomed blondes, the 3B girls.Then I became more sophisticated and began hitting on rich Asian students, except for the stuck-up Japanese sluts. Now here I am reduced to assisting my arrogant half-brothers as they learn all about their new toy. Oh, by the way, my name is Toshiro. I was named after one of our major film stars. He was a sort of Japanese film icon, although he was born in China, our version of your John Wayne, but a much better actor."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even as she moved in and out of the alcohol induced stupor that made her so very sleepy, Sissy couldn't help but be scandalized by the blasphemy he spoke. Her response was kept inside and she waited for what was to happen to her next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Perhaps you might like to exchange places with Michiyo for a few hours. You would be able to catch up on your sleep except for the little matter of my cock cutting off your air supply and the problems that will follow. On the other hand we both might gain some insight that will stand us in good stead. Believe or not, I the bastard son, am the family rope master. I was taught by a nawashi who was living in Berkeley of all places and once trained I had a wonderful time putting all manner of Asian students and local talent into bondage and having my way with them. It was a rite of passage for many of these females who would return to their country of origin and start careers that would lead to power, which is one of the two things all females want, the other is children that she can manipulate to her own designs."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At this point his words made no sense; all Sissy Slickslit wanted to do was find a quiet place to get some sleep. Once rested she would deal somehow with the Hashifumoto brothers, all three of them. Toshiro must have sensed her exhaustion, and realized she would be of no use to him in this depleted condition. He pointed to a door off to one side of the room and told her she could rest there. In the meantime he would begin teaching his half-sister some of the more interesting positions for having fantastic sex and satisfying her partner at the same time. Sissy was too tired to even wonder how he came to be such an expert on matters involving sex. He laughed when he realized that the blonde teen's hands were cuffed behind her back and her captors had forgotten to give him the key. He pushed his sister away long enough to get&nbsp; up and go to a wooden box.

Toshiro rummaged around in it for a moment or two before coming up with a master key and soon freed the teen's sore wrists from the biting metal. He pushed her towards the door with a warning that any attempt to escape would result in some very severe punishments, emphasizing his use of the plural. Sissy was too exhausted to take his threats seriously. All she wanted to do was lie down and sleep it off.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The "toy" had no idea what time it was or where she was when she awoke with a full bladder and a mild headache. She rose carefully from the fiber mat upon which she had spent hours sleeping, noticing that someone had bothered to place a thin blanket over her bare body. She was too sore from the dinner party to notice any additional indignities that might have been done to her sleeping form. She discovered that the door was locked, and knocking on it produced no response. Sissy's bladder was to the point that it needed relief in minutes. She took a quick inventory of the room and discovered an elaborately painted porcelain jug that soon contained a goodly amount of recyled sake. She sat down on the mat and within minutes was sound asleep.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"To sleep, perchance to dream, aye, there's the rub." No truer words were ever spoken. She watched in terrified amazement as Ellen Luxore's body began to swell like a balloon as kettle after kettle of boiling water was added to the enema bag connected to her bowels. The whips continued to tear her skin open in dozens of new spots, showering the audience with droplets of blood. Those who were splattered, scooped up the blood and licked it from their fingers as if it were a gift from the gods. Owen Bradshaw, the ME team leader, leaped onto the stage and grabbed another of the many whips lying on the platform. He began to flay the skin from Ellen's bloated breasts, tearing them to tatters as she grunted and her body continued to expand. Then just as another kettle of boiling water was added to the bulging red enema bag, Ellen Luxore exploded, sending a rain of body parts onto the stage and drenching the team leader in her boiling blood that seared away the man's flesh wherever it touched.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy awoke screaming; terrified at what she had just witnessed. The teenager had no idea how long she wailed and keened like some demented banshee. Without warning the door was flung open and there stood a rather bemused Toshiro, now clad in a black robe fringed with golden stripes. "Hush slave, do you want to wake every man and woman in the castle. Now quiet yourself before you bring the wrath of the Hashifumoto clan down on your foolish head."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 17



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy had no idea of the time since there weren't any windows located in this area of the fortress. She still wasn't fully recovered from her ordeal, but felt better than she had in some time. Toshiro asked if she'd used the chamber pot, which meant nothing to the blonde teenager. When he pointed to it, she nodded shyly. He ordered her to bring it along and follow him. She asked what time it was and he laughed, informing her that it was evening, but not to worry about having nothing to do. Sissy, for a change, picked up on the tone of his voice and shivered slightly. It was difficult to keep up with him as he strode purposefully toward his destination as she followed in his wake. She decided to husband her limited physical resources, which meant to keep silent and concentrate on moving. Toshiro on the other hand was most talkative once he realized the naked blonde student-toy was not in the mood for conversation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've been putting my sister through the wringer, and the poor dear is on the verge of total exhaustion. My assistant, Kyoko, is in the process of finishing her off for the day. She's a dedicated lesbian, and the only kind of person I would trust to be my assistant, especially when it comes to training the female members of the family and those young ladies who aspire to join our powerful clan through marriage. Behold, my training facility!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With those words he pushed open the thick polished wood door to reveal a place dominated by a lattice work of bamboo to which was bound Michiyo. This time Sissy was confronted by the sister's hairless, raw,swollen vagina, from which issued a steady stream of whitish fluid that was forming a pool on the mat below her. The next thing that her eyes picked up was the lovely face of a dark-eyed woman with little or no makeup staring at her from behind Michiyo's impossibly stretched body. Her hands were squeezing the teen's big tits, tweaking the hard nipples every time her helpless victim grunted. Those tits were much larger now as a consequence of the ropes looped around them, cutting off the blood circulation, forcing them to expand tremendously and turn an ugly shade of purple-black.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro ordered her to remain standing where she was as he swiftly closed to check on certain features of his naked sister's body. This gave Sissy more time to collect herself and now she focused on the rope patterns that held the girl rigidly in place on the bamboo bar that supported her wide split legs. Ropes were looped tightly around her ankles, calves,&nbsp; knees, midthighs, and to the juncture between her legs and torso. They in turn&nbsp; were connected to each other by other loops and taken together this pattern held her legs firmly to the bamboo bar. Her feet were quite swollen and almost the same color as her bloated tits. The spidery pattern of blood vessels were now clearly visible over her entire legs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another nest of ropes held her upper torso to the next rung of the lattice to which she was mounted. Not only did this pattern hold her arms behind her back, they looped in a figure eight pattern to choke off the blood to those purple-black bags of fat. The pattern continued to tightly constrict her chest and just below her bulging breasts, adding more support to what was holding her fast. The area around these ropes was bulging from the relentless force they applied to her yielding flesh. Then to top it off, she was wearing something that reminded Sissy of the leather helmet one of her brothers wore when he wrestled for his high school. It performed two functions at least. It provided anchor points for the ball gag, now covered with her drool, that forced her jaws wide apart and prevented her from making too much noise. It also doubled as another anchor point for the strange metal prongs that were hooked into her nostrils, forcing her head back so that her eyes were staring at the ceiling.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro meanwhile was checking the ropes that held his sister in place while he carried on a conversation with his assistant in English, which shocked Sissy no end.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm a bit surprised to see you still hammering away at Michiyo's asshole. Don't tell me, she was disobedient, wasn't she? That's what I like about you Kyoko, you are a stern taskmistress, especially when it comes to my sister. I'll bet you pray to your ancestors for something terrible to happen to that nephew she is due to marry. Then she'd be damaged goods and you and her could settle down to a nice lesbian relationship, which of course would also include me as a user of my sister's outstanding flesh. I'm sure you'd hate that, but unlike Michiyo, you are very obedient.&nbsp; Now tell me the truth, you didn't like the way she reacted while I was pounding my seed into that tight cunt. So her nipples got a little harder than usual, nothing strange about that is there? You know as well as I that she's only hours away from her regular period, which means tomorrow she'll be a mess to fuck and hard to handle because of the hormone changes that alter her personality, and make her a bitch to handle."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His assistant smirked and intensified her assault on the teen's puckered asshole, wedging the head of the foot long dildo another inch deeper, feeling the girl's nipples get even harder. Kyoko knew that Michiyo was hers, but notheless she had to be punished in the interest&nbsp; of making her more docile for her new husband, who more than likely would treat her harshly as a symbol of his status. However she was not letting her master get away with not telling the entire truth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I am only your assistant, but to serve you well and true I must competely understand you and your relations with those important to you. Today you spent much more time than normal using your sister sexually. Look at the evidence pooled below her dripping cunt. You hammered an armada of semen into her and I am not sure it had to do with her being a mess tomorrow. If memory serves me correctly, you usually spend a great deal of time punishing this soon to be married woman with that hard shaft once she begins her monthly bleeding. You have even told me that you are excited by the prospect of knowing that she still might conceive before she marries, which would make you and her extremely happy for perhaps different reasons."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Poor Sissy, there were words and ideas she couldn't understand considering her family background and education. She did however get the gist of the discussion. Both of them wanted the girl, but maybe not for the same reason. Some things were the same no matter what country you were in. Once again she thanked her lucky stars that she came from a family that was open and enjoyed doing lots of things that polite society raised an eyebrow or two over. Then she came back from wherever her mind had gone to discover the two of them staring at her, the woman almost licking her lips at the prospect of having Sissy fall into her hands.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde stood there, self conscious and still holding the chamber pot. It was then that Toshiro told his assistant that Sissy had brought something for his sister to drink. The woman grinned and removed Michiyo's ball gag, but her head was still held in place by the prongs in her nostrils. She said something in Japanese to the girl and took the pot from Sissy. The blonde was utterly amazed at how quickly the girl drank every drop of the warm urine. Toshiro laughed and stated that after being on the bamboo for many many hours, his sister developed a great thirst for anything wet, and they usually had her drink their urine before freeing her. He added that Sissy should consider herself honored that her urine was chosen for Michiyo to drink this time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She watched the rope master and his assistant untie the exhausted teenager from the bamboo lattice upon which she must have spent eight to ten hours, if it was evening now. Michiyo's legs were rubbery and she groaned and cried when the nose prongs were removed. It became nerve racking when the blood began to flow back into those purplish-black bowling balls hanging from her chest wall. Her screams made the hair on the back of Sissy's neck rise. The girl was in agony, her hands fluttering from one sore tit to the other as nature took its course. Toshiro and Kyoko tried their best to stay busy and avoid having to deal with the pitiful sounds coming from their victim. For reasons she never did understand, Sissy found herself hugging the sobbing teen and trying to console her. Kyoko was mortified at this breach of conduct from a foreigner, but strangely enough Toshiro glared at her in a way she rarely saw and she resigned herself to the position of his assistant, no more, no less. A short while later Michiyo shuffled slowly from the room leaving Sissy alone with the pair.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They discussed Sissy as if she wasn't there. It seems that the bothers, Hiroshi and Shiro, had been informed of the arrival of the gift from Megalomania Enterprises, and were eager to try it out. To get some idea of how much abuse the toy coud take without getting broken too badly, they would depend on the tests that Toshiro would conduct. He and his assistant shook their heads in anguish at the prospect of having to use machines to determine Sissy's sexual limits. However since the Research and Development Divison of Hashifumoto was vitally interested in field testing this new home entertainment product line, there could be no argument.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no way that in her present condition Sissy Slickslit could spread her legs ninety degrees from normal, something that Michiyo had accomplished with aplomb. In addition as Kyoko so bluntly put it, how much she spread wasn't going to determine how much cock she could take in any given time period. Toshiro even suggested half in jest that they tie her down to a low bench and wheel one of the machines into place and let it have a go at her until either it seized up or her pussy began to smoke. Kyoko thought that was a great idea provided they use the biggest head in their inventory. Finally they got serious and decided to rope Sissy to the bamboo lattice, but use a less stressing configuration.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They started by noosing Sissy's tits despite Toshiro complaining that he was used to more than what she had to offer. Kyoko looked at it a different way, stating that perhaps this foreigner's breasts might expand more than the typical Japanese variety. The rope master grumbled, but made sure that Sissy gasped and yelped every time he pulled one of his ropes down tight to imprison her firm tits within a cage of rope. He was merciless when it came to binding her hands and arms behind her back in such a way that they were roped securely to the upper bamboo bar they were using to hold her naked body in place for the preliminary testing&nbsp; that was to follow. Thick ropes sank into the flesh of her wrists, then her arms were pulled together just below the elbows and again at the biceps by more ropes. Now her arms were hanging over the top bamboo bar, supporting a large portion of her weight. Those loops joined with the ones cutting off the blood circulation to her breasts,&nbsp; those making it difficult to draw breath, and others serving as an anchor for her bound arms just below her swelling breasts, constituted the web holding her upper torso to the lattice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kyoko was also busy binding Sissy's legs in such a manner that they were stretched to her limits, perhaps a bit beyond if the truth be known. Loops of rope bound her ankles, knees and upper thighs to the bar. More than a half dozen loops tightly noosed the region bordering her fat lipped cunt. Already Sissy was beginning to lose sesation in her feet. Toshiro did the honors using the same leather fixture to gag her with a ball gag and insert those insidious prongs into her nostrils, forcing her head back and preventing her from seeing what was being done to her naked body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two small but powerful vibrating balls were taped to either side of her cunt mouth. She had no way of knowing their purpose, but once they were activated in concert with the machine, her cunt muscles would be made to contract and expand in rhythm to the powerfull strokes the machine delivered deep into her dripping fuck tunnel. It took both of them to roll the machine into proper position and make sure neither Sissy nor the machine could move significantly. If that were to occur, the effects on the "toy" might be catastrophic. Of course Sissy had no clue about that part of the testing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although Toshiro and his assistant were from the old school, which meant using bamboo rods and the hilts of swords to achieve the same result as this new generation of sex machines, they had to admit that this gleaming collection of high technology was aesthetically pleasing to a degree. The chassis was of stainless steel, the shaft was a graphite based composite, and the elliptical wheel that was the driver of the shaft was also made from a fiber reinforced composite material so secret that only half a dozen Hashifumoto&nbsp; executives knew of its existence. The probe, which was the heart of the machine, had a resin molded-carbon fiber reinforced body mated to the head which was constructed of a smart material that shaped itself to the terrain it was traversing, in this case Sissy's vagina, or to put it more bluntly her cunt. Power was provided by a 25 hp motor and the system also had a backup battery pack that would allow the machine to operate at top speed for at least three hours, more than enough time to tame the most unruly vagina, as the brochure claimed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This version was the Mark 19, the ultimate design to date. There was also the Mark 19A, a portable system that could be hand operated, also utilizing the same battery pack system. Sissy would be the first and probably the last to test both, unless everything went as planned. Toshiro took a deep breath and threw the switch, turning the machine on to low speed. Sissy grunted as the head began to bore into her tight twat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 18



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The initial thrusts took the breath from Sissy's lungs; they were that powerful. Then the machine made some very minor adjustments in the tilt of the probe, thanks to the feedback program installed within its computer. Outside of a feeling of fullness, the teen was able to handle with little difficulty what the probe head was delivering. She knew it was operating but she could hear nothing except the brief exchanges between the rope master and his assistant. Somehow she wasn't surprised that Toshoiro wanted to use the machine on his sister once Sissy's test results had proven it safe for use on other subjects such as Michiyo. It was just about then that the machine began to induce muscle contractions that wracked her groin area.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Right now the blonde airhead began to experience minor discomfort as her vagina was manipulated to meet the requirements of the machine's program. The speed at which she was being penetrated was gradually increased and discomfort graduated to distress. The ball gag effectively prevented her from transmitting this informationto the pair who stood nearby and watched the shaft enter and withdraw,the probe head changing shape with every stroke. Now every time she had a contraction, the force from the machine's probe made her feel as if tiny fists were punching her along the length of her birth canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Naturally it was Kyoko who was the first to notice the effect the probe was causing within Sissy's body. Her companion was too focused on the relentless pounding the subject's pussy was taking, as well as thoughts of enjoying his sister's reaction as the mechanical lover mercilessly skewered her from labia to cervix.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kyoko applied some lubricant to the probe and nodded as the rope master moved the lever controlling the speed to the next level. Sissy's eyes got big, very big as the probe battered away at her tender insides, scraping away a little bit of the mucous membrane protecting her tight twat. The assistant took the liberty of fondling the blonde's swollen tits, which still had a degree of sensitivity left in them. She grinned and licked her lips when the teen's nipples hardened some more. Perhaps this one might yet wind up in her bed, naked, bound and totally available for anything that she wished to do to that tight, rounded body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro moved into view and from the look on this face he wanted a piece of the action, and was not about to brook any interference from his underling. Kyoko decided to establish another beachhead on the girl's bare body, moving around so that she had substantial access to the rounded cheeks sitting up on the bamboo bar and ripe for the taking. Essentially the machine was running unattended, a situation that would have given its creators heart failure. A malfunction at this speed would have serious consequences to the shaft, probe and not to mention, its user.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rope master squeezed the blonde's tits until her eyes bulged, then yanked them brutally from side to side, before twisting the blood red nipples that had grown to nearly twice their original size. His assistant wet her middle finger and insinuated it into that chocolate starfish guarding Sissy's bowels, feeling the tough muscle giving up to her insistent pressure. At last she was in this wet, very warm region and could feel the dampness surrounding her probing digit. She pushed deeper and now the girl's back channel grew more constricted in response to the invader that was pushing deeper and deeper.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro suggested they take a break and let the machine work on the blonde's tender twat for the next thirty minutes, before changing gears so that the probe could dig deeper into her fuck pit. Kyoko was a bit disappointed with his implied order, but complied, reluctantly withdrawing her wet finger from the girl's bunghole and licking it to sample the taste of the blonde's bowels. The rope master wrinkled his nose in disgust at her actions, but charged it off to her lesbian code of conduct when it came to women. To him the only things that went up a woman's asshole were an enema nozzle and a stiff cock; chauvinism was alive and well in the land of the rising sun.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twice during this half hour break of sorts they checked to make sure Sissy's bonds were holding secure. Kyoko added another loop to the six already anchoring their test subject's upper thighs to the bamboo bar. Toshiro, not to be upstaged, recinched the nooses pinching off her tits from their desperately needed blood supply, seeming to enjoy the agonized look on her contorted face and the tears beginning to course down her flushed cheeks. Sissy's tits were now almost as huge as Michiyo's had been, something not lost on Kyoko or for that matter, Toshiro. Those grotesquely bulging globes were nearly black and the skin so stretched that it looked as if it might start ripping open if the pressure grew much greater.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro decided to not only increase the speed by changing gears, but add another inch to the throw of the probe. Now the probe head would be battering away at the entrance to Sissy's uterus. The combination of added speed and the force increment needed to move the probe head up against the girl's prebirth chamber had the potential to be extremely detrimental to the subject's physical well-being unless closely monitored. It didn't help matters when Kyoko observed that the contractions could be made more stressing thanks to a booster switch that provided even more power to the device inducing her labor pains. Toshiro rubbed his hands gleefully as his assistant hit the boost switch and Sissy's bare body went rigid from the intense pain that radiated through her groin and along her birth canal. Now the Slickslit teen was sure that she was experiencing child birth just as her mother had described it to her when she was just coming into puberty.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy was the kind of girl who enjoyed sex just as long as there wasn't too much pain and violence attached to it. Gradually her body was growing accustomed to the ruthless reaming tool that made her cunt feel like it was a second skin wrapped tightly around the probe head. The contractions still hurt, but she was learning that panting made them much more tolerable. That was one of the things she remembered from her discussions about child birth, and now it stood her in good stead. The ball gag did somewhat inhibit the full impact of panting, but what the teen was able to accomplish was most benficial. Kyoko had a quizzical look on her face as she watched their subject cope with the machine. This foreigner was becoming more and more intriguing to Toshiro's assistant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Kyoko who was the first to notice that Sissy was beginning to self-lubricate. When she called it to Toshiro's attention, he doubted her at first.&nbsp; Some minutes later he had to recant as his eyes picked up the thin film of pussy cream that was coating the pistoning probe. Now the blonde's eyes were closed and her face lost all signs of tension. Kyoko was getting very hot and bothered by now. For some insane reason she wanted to exchange places with Sissy and feel what the teenager was experiencing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde teenager quivered through the first of a series of orgasms to the delight and amazement of her captors. The amount of thick white pussy cream oozing from her crimson lipped cunt increased dramatically. A puddle of her spendings began forming beneath her crotch that was still taking a merciless pounding from the machine. Toshiro felt as if he was losing control as his hand approached the lever that would kick the machine into its highest gear. Kyoko gasped and looked away momentarily as the mechanism paused and then went into overdrive.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's body shook and danced against the ropes holding her to the frame as the machine now whined and almost screamed as if it were a living thing. The pair were transfixed, watching dispassionately as the machine and Sissy fought to the death. The teen's body was soon covered with sweat, strange for the room was a bit on the cool side. Another orgasm ripped through her bound, bare body like a tidal wave. The machine howled like an animal in pain and the puddle of pussy cream grew larger still; dripping steadily from between her bloated cunt lips. Sissy struggled to escape the grip of the nose clips, but failed, her staring eyes once more opening and still focused on the ceiling.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Rivulets of perspiration meandered across the hillocks and crevices of her rounded form and began dripping onto the mat beneath her straining body. Another cramp rippled through her groin area, making her arch against her bonds. To Sissy, it was as if she was preparing to deliver a ten pound breech baby, the&nbsp; bugbear for all women in labor. Her body strained to accommodate the force of the probe that was now torturing her insides, moving with such speed that the friction it generated overwhelmed her natural lubrication. Sissy's eyes bulged from the agonizing pain that started tearing her pussy apart. She was done, and yet another massive orgasm twisted her insides into ropes of lightning. Kyoko had seen enough and she reached for the kill switch, a severe breach of discipline and one for which she would suffer greatly later.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before her trembling fingers could touch the switch, the machine seized, jamming the shaft in such a manner that the probe head remained buried within Sissy's dry, aching cunt walls. Then the blonde foreigner had an orgasm that tore her body apart and flung the pieces into the far reaches of the galaxy for a time not capable of being measured in our world. Sissy's eyes closed and her body took on the appearance of some serpent resting in the tree waiting for its prey. Toshiro crossed himself, a bad habit that he had picked up when he was at Berkeley. They just stood there and stared at their captive who appeared&nbsp; to be fast asleep, her chest rising and falling in a slow, steady cadence that signaled she lived and didn't seem to have suffered too much from her experience.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What shall we tell your brothers?" asked Kyoko in a low tembling voice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro was silent for a time. Then he smiled and replied.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Anything but the truth; my dear half brothers could not possibly deal with what we have just witnessed."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures - Chapter 19



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a six month interruption, the saga of Sissy Slickslut continues. To those following this story, my apologies, but other things had to be accomplished first, causing this one to take a backseat. There will not be any significant gaps from now on, that is a promise. 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A totally exhausted Sissy Slickslit was taken down from the bamboo array after Toshiro and Kyoko gingerly removed the head of the machine's probe from Sissy's well-used vagina. The blonde teen's body acted as if it was made from rubber, and she appeared to be ready to collapse at any moment. Toshiro was eager to speak to his half-brothers to let them know that their gift from ME had passed the test with flying colors and was ready to be given over to them for their pleasure. Kyoko, on the other hand, wanted some time so she could perhaps make some type of inroad that might give her a finite chance of capturing the affection of the foreigner. Toshiro was too smart to let that happen, but he couldn't be in two places at once. It was with some trepidation that he allowed his assistant to take charge of their captive in his absence. He did warn her in no uncertain terms that any foolishness would come down on her head from the brothers as well as him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was not at all surprised that both of the Hashifumoto sons were up and about at this late hour. This was something that the three of them shared along with a common father. In general they got along fairly well despite the small matter of a different mother. Hiroshi and Shiro had been groomed since birth to take their places as upper level corporate executives, and hopefully one of them would ultimately assume command of the giant multinational corporation, some twenty to twenty-five years from now. That first step had been taken last year after they had finished graduate school in the US; both achieving fine grades as well as making connections with their international peers that would serve them well for their entire careers. Like Toshiro, they too had sowed some wild oats, but to date had been very careful to avoid any entangling relationships that might hinder their progress up the corporate ladder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If anything, these two were even more interested than their half-brother in enjoying the finest female flesh that money and power could attract. That is why the gift of Sissy was so important to them. They had heard stories of her strange abilities to control men with an ease that was amazing. She was also blonde, beautiful, built and had an impressive sex drive according to the dossier that had been compiled on her by a small company affiliated in some clandestine way with the parent corporation. However what really caught their eyes was the fact that the teen came from a "loving" family in the truest sense of the word. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Both brothers had enjoyed the firm young body of their sister, Michiyo, before Toshiro had returned from Berkeley and fallen in lust with her. Incest seemed to run in this generation of the family, and both were eager to add Sissy to their list of conquests. What would be her fate after they had their way with her was of no consequence to them. This was planned to be a very short affair, more like a hit and run accident than a tryst. Toshiro at this point had no interest in Sissy, since he was focused entirely on enjoying his sister in as many creative ways as possible. Obviously his assistant Kyoko had other ideas, and was circling on the perimeter like a shark at a shipwreck, hoping to take over for the brothers once they had their fill of this delightful morsel of female flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without going into any details, Toshiro reported truthfully that Sissy had taken what the machine could deliver and was now recovering from her ordeal. To the best of his knowledge she was still in one piece, but it would likely be another day before she was ready for what the brothers had planned for her. Then they proceeded to go over the list of challenges she would be expected to overcome on the road&nbsp; to the ultimate orgasm. This blonde foreigner would not be the first to run the gantlet designed by the Hashifumoto brothers. First they would enjoy her body in many strange ways, singularly as well as united in her flesh. Often this was all it took to reduce the challenger to a mound of twitching nerve ends, disconnected from the world of reality, never to be hooked up again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If Sissy were to show the kind of rare talent that allowed her to survive this first challenge, she would be turned over to the hulking servant of the brothers. This brute in human form had an enormous penis that he enjoyed using as a weapon to destroy the insides of any woman unfortunate enough to face him in the battle of the sexes. Six women had tried and all failed miserably. Two renounced the world and joined convents, never to be seen by those who lived outside their sanctuary. Another pair spent many long years undergoing various surgeries to&nbsp; rearrange their internal organs that had been brutally moved to areas that were never meant to accommodate them. One unfortunate committed suicide when she discovered she could no longer have any form of sex due to the physical and mental traumas that haunted her until she ended her life.The other is now housed in a mental asylum with a prognosis for any type of recovery classified as near zero under any set of&nbsp; conditions.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If by some miracle, problematic under even the best of circumstances, Sissy survived her encounter with Takashi, the womb destroyer, as he liked to call himself, she would face the ultimate challenge. What was left of her body and mind would be transported to the Mie Prefecture, which contains the Ise jingu, the nation's holiest shrine of the Shinto faith. However that would not be her destination. In the same prefecture is a rundown shrine inhabited by a group of renegade monks dedicated to serving an obscure god. It is to this place that she would be delivered and turned over to the tender mercies of these woman-hating monks, who would do their worst to make her wish she had never been born female.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro had heard this tale many times and just once he'd like to see someone at least make it to that place. He couldn't help but harken back to what had occurred less than an hour ago. Would his brothers think him crazy if he told them exactly what had happened with the blonde creature and the machine designed by the brightest minds in the Hashifumoto research organization? He knew it to be a rhetorical question, so he didn't bother uttering the thought. There was something different about this blonde teenager; she did things without conscious thought that might confound others.He had seen it with his own eyes. It was at this point that he accepted a taste of some very unique saki that soon led to many more. All thoughts of leaving his charge under the supervision of Kyoko soon disappeared from his mind as they were replaced by the dreams emanating from the fumes of the saki.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kyoko had no intentions of getting on the wrong side of her master any more than what she had done to date. She knew that her bare body would be riding the bamboo within half a day, perhaps less if he returned within the next few hours. The assistant knew that there was an even chance that her master would fall victim to the delightful rice wine that his brothers often plied him with when he came to visit and talk. After waiting two hours Kyoko threw caution to the winds and headed for the alcove where she had tucked Sissy in for the night. There was more than enough room for another warm body and she was going to fill that void. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Upon her arrival she stripped to the skin and crawled under the blanket that covered her prey. Sissy made little attempt to resist the gentle fingers that walked across her naked body, seeking out all those warm, wet places on the girl. Step two was almost as easy; a few gentle probings, a lick of the tongue and the gentle kiss of a butterfly on those lucious full lips made the blonde snuggle even closer to Kyoko. That did it, there would be no turning back. This one was going to be hers, no matter what the cost!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An exhausted and very sore Sissy was in the middle of a delightful dream, or so she thought. She was sandwiched between Miso and Chiasa, those two wonderful flight attendants that made the air trip to Osaka such a memorable experience. One was kissing her breasts, while her companion's tongue moved from one sweet spot to another. Sissy was eager to reciprocate, but couldn't decide where to start. Gradually as the kissing and tonguing continued and grew more insistent, it began to rouse Sissy from her slumber. She opened her eyes and found herself staring into the wide eyes of Kyoko who blinked and blinked again in surprise. She had been found out and did not know how to deal with the situation. Without thinking, Sissy leaned forward a few inches and planted a wet one on the surprised rope mistress, then had second thoughts and wormed her tongue into the woman's warm, wet mouth. Kyoko at that moment became Sissy's slave forever.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kyoko did her best to thank Sissy for tolerating her clumsy attempts at making love. The more she tried, the more uncomfortable the blonde goddess became. Sissy decided to seize the initiative by going down on the rope mistress and putting her talented tongue to work. Kyoko may have been a card-carrying lesbian, but she ran with a rough crowd and therefore lacked finesse, which is the key to turning a girl's head and other parts of her body as well. Sissy moved hither and yon, never stopping, always teasing, always moving to a new spot that seemed to make the sensations that she created more intense. The blonde teenager was that rare sexual being, a natural.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally Sissy arrived at the seat of Kyoko's very being, that angry, growling cunt that seemed never to be satisfied, no matter the woman or the technique. All that was meaningless now that Sissy had come to visit, pleasure and teach, all in one fantastic lesson that seemed to bend time to her will. There were times when what she did lasted an eternity, other times less than the blink of an eye. Gradually the pressure built up within that magic place and Kyoko knew she was about to see what she had been searching for all these many years. Part of her could hardly wait, another portion was terrified. Then the mother of all orgasms struck&nbsp; with a fierceness and power that she could not have ever prepared herself to experience. Her world was shattered in an instant and she discovered a new universe more fitting for one such as herself. At last she was home, were she belonged. Moments later Kyoko was fast asleep, her head pressed against Sissy's tweeners, her mouth making suckling sounds and motions, but taking no milk that was of this world.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures - Chapter 20



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a tipsy Toshiro who decided to check on the blonde foreigner. Fortunately for Kyoko the amount of saki he had consumed blunted his assault on his faithless assistant. Still in all he did get in a few good ones, blooding her nose and causing one of her ears to swell to twice the size of its mate. Sissy was frightened for her new found friend, and managed to get between them long enough for the assistant to scurry from the little alcove and make her escape for the moment. Fear had driven her away, but pride would make her return for her punishment. As for Toshiro, he wandered away to his pallet and slept it off.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was very late in the morning before Toshiro wandered back into the area and roused Sissy from her rest. He was still a little under the weather from all the saki he had absorbed last evening while he sat and talked with his half-brothers about all sorts of things including girls, especially the American blondes with their great tits and willing attitude when it came to putting out for just the thrill of it. Toshiro insisted that they did it as part of their sorority pledge requirements, while his half-brothers denied it with might and main, unwilling to lower themselves to the level of those American sluts who had no sense of honor or family lineage. This argument had gone on for nearly a year and probably would continue until all of them were properly married and fit into the corporate niche destined for each.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Rather than feed you to Hiroshi and Shiro, who probably haven't awakened after our little chat last evening, I'm going to allow you to see what happens to those who disobey my strict orders on certain matters. To make it even more educational I'm also including my half-sister, Michiyo, to the mix. Now I want you to remain here and don't do anything foolish or you'll join my insubordinate assistant on the bamboo."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy had no thoughts of disobeying anyone in this strange place, especially this wild man who was so ambivalent and mercurial. Now that wasn't exactly the words she used, but it's close enough for this tale. While he was away she took the liberty of using the chamberpot, which made her feel much better, but reminded her also that she was both hungry and thirsty. Rather then expend her energy in a wasteful manner, Sissy curled up and fell back to sleep.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had no idea how long she catnapped before she was roused by Toshiro's foot in her ribs, not as hard as to do any physical harm to her, just enough to get her attention. Sissy scrambled to her feet and gasped at the sight that was presented to her. She quickly recognized a battered and bruised Kyoko, naked as the day she was born, with her hands securely tied behind her back, being led by a length of rope tied round her neck. It took the blonde corporate employee a moment before she placed the buxom naked teenager now controlling Toshiro's assistant, it was his half-sister, Michiyo. How quickly things seemed to change in this strange and wondrous modern castle. Only a few hours ago the girl was at Kyoko's mercy, now the tables had been turned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Glad to see that you have not disobeyed me, unlike the great majority of women who live in this compound disguised as a castle. My faithless assistant has committed a cardinal sin and will pay a heavy price for it. In my capacity as judge, jury and executioner, it will be my duty to see that justice is served. I thought it fitting that Michiyo replace my disobedient assistant and aid me in meting out Kyoko's just desserts. Since my half-sister becomes quite testy during her monthly period, which has begun right on time, and has been treated

harshly by our prisoner, it should be a very lively session that you will be witnessing. Keep your eyes open and you may learn a thing or two that might stand you in good stead for your own ordeal."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those last few words caused a shiver to run through Sissy's body, but provided her no information about any of the details. She realized that it would be the height of folly to get on the bad side of this strange young man who had such fury bottled up within his body and mind. She took up a position just behind Kyoko and followed the group into the main training room where the bamboo lattice work awaited.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was most apparent that he had spent some time preparing for his assistant's punishment. Hanging from the bamboo lattice frame were pulleys and a hoist. At first it made no sense to Sissy, but it meant something to Kyoko who gasped at its sight. Toshiro gave her a menacing smile and nodded his head. She in turn looked away, but a powerful jerk on the noose around her neck by Michiyo made her face the frame. The teenager knew what was in store for her adversary, evidently having undergone the punishment previously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took Toshiro, with some help from his half-sister, the better part of half an hour to hoist and attach Kyoko's naked body to the middle rung of the lattice work. When he was finished, her legs were split wide at the crotch and individually tied from the soles to the juncture of her thighs with her torso. What made this position so daunting was she was hanging upside down, her long hair almost brushing the mats upon which the bamboo network stood. While the rope master wrapped yards of additional rope around his assistant's upper arms and wrists, his half-sister further tightened&nbsp; the ropes that held her legs to the bamboo bar until Kyoko gasped from the pain. Already the regions between the loops of thick rope were beginning to turn blue and swell from lack of blood circulation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro looped turn after turn of rope to separate and confine Kyoko's tits, which although not the size of Michiyo's, were still quite substantial. To finish the bondage he tied rope around her hair and anchored it to the same peg in the frame as the one holding her arms rigid. He stepped back and surveyed his assistant's bound body, smiling and nodding his head at the result of his efforts. Meanwhile Michiyo was already exploring the region now made most accessible by the way she was bound to the frame. She could not resist the temptation to pluck some tendrils of the long, silky pubic hair that covered Kyoko's mound. It took a few yanks before the captive made any sound, but once the dam was broken she held nothing back, much to the delight of Michiyo. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rope master inquired if Sissy was interested in teasing Kyoko as well, and when the blonde declined he frowned slightly, but his face once more broke into a big smile when he picked up what at first glance appeard to be a short sword. Closer study showed it to be a shaft of hard rubber shaped like a phallus attached to a sword's hilt. This was one of the favorite devices for tormenting those unfortunates like Kyoko who found themselves on the bamboo frame. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grabbed the rope tied around her hair and jerked her head up and back. Next he slammed the shaft of the faux sword into her mouth and pushed until tears came from her eyes. Satisfied he carefully allowed her head to move forward and down until the "sword" was now balanced from the pressure she was forced by gravity to apply. Kyoko knew that if she didn't panic, all would be well. However, if she lost control, his wayward assistant would soon be choking on the hard rubber as it blocked her throat. Naturally Toshiro had anticipated her initial reaction. Kyoko, for all her failings was quite knowledgeable about most of the treatments&nbsp; that he utilized in his work. That is why he had involved Michiyo.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He made a deep bow in the direction of his half-sister and upon straightening up handed her a length of rubber hose suggesting that she use it to "tenderize" Kyoko's thighs and womanhood. That was the first time that Sissy had ever heard anyone refer to her puss by that name, but to Michiyo it was a term frequently used by her parents, suitors and their families. She wasted little time hammering away at Kyoko's cunt, which is the way she thought of that slit between the assistant's legs. It took her a few blows to home in&nbsp; on the target, but once that was accompiished she had her victim choking and gasping for breath as blow after blow flattened her fat outer lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro stood beside Sissy and gave her a blow by blow description of what was happening to the captive's genitals; often applauding and cheering on his half-sister for an especially vicious blow that brought Kyoko to the verge of panicking. He made sure that Sissy understood the Japanese teen was just starting her period and was particularly irritated at that time of the month. Taking her frustration out on the one who had been responsible for most of the pain and suffering she endured these days was most theraputic. In fact it was most beneficial for all concerned, even his wayward, wanton assistant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brutal beating of Kyoko continued unabated. Twice the woman lost her composure and slowly strangled as the hard rubber shaft moved deep into her convulsing throat and cut off her air supply. Both times Toshiro was right there, kneeling besides the frantic woman to make sure she would not be too severely harmed. A pool of bile and vomit beneath the captive grew wider with every blow struck by Michiyo. Soon Toshiro was wrinkling his nose in disgust at the foul smell surrounding his assistant. His half-sister was so focused on causing her frequent assailant as much pain and suffering as possible that she hardly noticed the stench.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally Michiyo exhausted herself, threw down the rubber hose and stood beside her victim, panting like a dog. Her half-brother examined the victim and pronounced her able to take more punishment. He loudly announced that her cunt would not be open for business for quite some time based on the swelling that had already taken place from the initial beating she had received. Sissy could not believe the level of cruelty he displayed next. These strange, slant-eyed people were at times almost alien beings, the type that probably piloted those flying saucers that many people believed truly existed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro whispered something into his half-sister's ear that brought a malicious smile to her lovely features. She walked to the front of the bamboo structure and stationed herself so she could observe Kyoko while she was tormented further by Toshiro. Sissy gasped when she saw him pick up the rubber hose that had been dropped to the floor. He took up a position to one side of her straining body and began drubbing the sole of her foot. The blows made slapping sounds when they struck and were echoed by the noises that issued from the throat of the victim. Even at a distance it was possible for Sissy to see the woman's foot trying to arch in response to the cramps that were caused by each blow from the hose.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy lost track of time as Toshiro moved from one end of the straining body of his assistant to the other, pounding away at her legs and thighs, causing severe cramping of the muscles that were already stressed to almost their limit by the excruciating tightness of the ropes that held them fixed to the bamboo rod supporting her body. Three times during this lengthy session Michiyo called out to him and he stopped his activity to help his assistant clear her throat of more vomit and bile caused by the entry of that&nbsp; terrible piece&nbsp; of unyielding rubber.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was time for the grand finale of sorts. Toshiro handed the rubber hose back to his half-sister and made another mock bow as he spoke in low tones to her in Japanese. Sissy could make out the brief spark of cruelty that flashed across her face as she accepted the weapon. Toshiro stepped side and watched the ritual take place. Michiyo raised the hose above her head using both hands and before Sissy could scream "no", she stabbed it deep into Kyoko's cunt, splitting her swollen lips like overripe fruit. The woman's body shuddered and went into convulsions, her throat once more blocked from precious air. Not satisfied with her first assault, the lovely teenager repeated her attack and this time drew blood that coated the hose as she withdrew it from Kyoko's senseless form. Sissy fainted dead away.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy's Corporate Adventures - Chapter 21



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy opened her eyes and stared for a time at the ceiling of the huge room while she listened to the weird sounds. There was this whistling noise followed by a cracking sound, interspersed with low grunts and wet, slobbering gasps. It all began coming back to her and for this reason she had no desire to look around and identify the source of these odd sounds and noises. Overlaying it all was the sound of Toshiro's voice berating his half-sister for various errors he claimed she had made by not following his instructions to the letter. 

Finally Sissy could not resist and she focused her eyes on the tableau being acted out before her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Michiyo was seated on a low bench, her back to Sissy.Her body blocked most of Kyoko, but Sissy could see Toshiro in the background, behind the bamboo lattice work. He raised his arm and the whistling sound started and then ended with a loud crack, which brought a grunt from his assistant. When he did it again, Sissy realized that he was using some kind of a switch to beat the helpless woman. She just stared at him as he continued to thrash the woman mercilessly. At last he noticed that she was awake once more. He stopped the beating he was adminstering and walked around to get closer to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You've been missing all the fun. Why don't you get into a better position so you can see what's been going on in your absence." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As he spoke Toshiro pointed to his half-sister as he came forward, and Sissy saw that he had a length of some type of wood in his hand; it was the&nbsp; color of the bamboo, but much thinner. He immediately picked up on her interest in his cane and described it in all its terrible detail, giving Sissy much more information than she wished to know. The rope master insisted that she join him at the frame for a closer view of what he had accomplished to date on his wayward assistant. Once she got on her feet he pointed at Michiyo and explained in excruciating detail what was happening with her and Kyoko.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"While I've been correcting all the mistakes my half-sister made when she had her turn with the cane,&nbsp; she's been&nbsp; indulging herself with my malicious aide. If you look closely you'll observe that Kyoko's mouth seems to be a bit bloody, which is because my dear sibling is in her period, and it takes her mind off her cramps and that bloated feeling to have a knowing tongue lapping away at the source of her discomfort. On the other hand, the level of discomfort for my scheming assistant is greatly enhanced by the way her bondage has been modified to allow her to perform her duties. She'll have a very sore neck tomorrow to remind her further of her chicanery."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy winced inwardly at the sight of poor Kyoko, her head pulled back to the limit that could be tolerated by her neck. The ropes holding her arms straight and joined tightly had been given a number of hitches to shorten them and cause the woman's naked body to be bent into a painful arc that also brought her firm breasts into play. Fresh ropes had been noosed around them individually and they were now swollen to nearly twice normal size and looked like two eggplants both in shape and color. Worse yet they had already tasted the cane from the looks of the raised welts cross-hatched on those heavy melons.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was nothing compared to what Sissy observed once she joined Toshiro at the frame. It was difficult to believe that every portion of the woman's spread legs had been covered with deep welts, many crusted with dried blood, the skin having been torn open by the force of the cane as it ripped into the tender flesh. Kyoko's vulva was one mass of swollen, bleeding, purplish flesh. Sissy felt nauseous when she looked at it. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro glanced over at her and grinned just before he brought that fiendish weapon down onto Kyoko's blood-bloated vulva and the swollen flesh burst where it was struck. Michiyo let out a scream, yelling something in Japanese that made Toshiro smile. He translated for Sissy that Kyoko had just bitten Michiyo's cunt in her agony from the blow she had just absorbed. Then he put another pair of brutal strokes into the same region, bringing more cries from Michiyo, who pushed her bound victim away and stood up, holding her crotch with both hands. Toshiro shouted something in Japanese to the teenager and waited for her to react.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy gasped with horror as the lovely teen grabbed Kyoko by the hair and held her steady so she could drive her knee up into the assistant's face, which she did a number of times while Toshiro laughed and shouted encouragement to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please stop her, I beg you! If you leave her alone, I'm sure your sister will disfigure poor Kyoko for life or even kill her." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With those words Sissy burst into tears, bringing a loud guffaw from the rope master. Michiyo now kicked her victim between her swollen blue-black tits, heel first. Then she stepped back a few paces and got a running start that ended in a leap that allowed her to kick poor Kyoko in the forehead, bringing a keening wail from the woman who was obviously in agony from the terrible blow that had snapped her head back further than nature had intended for it to go.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How weak you Westerners must be to quail at such love taps. Kyoko, for all her failings is from good Japanese peasant stock and is quite capable of being Michiyo's target for greater blows than those. In fact step back so I can swing my arm properly and I'll show you what my assistant can endure without even vomiting."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Almost in a trance the blonde teen stepped back and watched as Toshiro brought his cane down on the arch of Kyoko's bound foot. Even as the sound of that brutal stroke was still ringing in Sissy's ears he gave his captive another and then another, each one landing in the very same spot. Koyoko's body shuddered and twitched in agony, her body straining to escape the cradle of ropes that held her in a grip of iron. Toshiro stepped to the front of the frame to which Kyoko was bound and showed off his prowess with the cane by slicing into her rump from a sharp angle that gave him very little leeway. Each stroke had to be precisely struck, the distance between his target, the ropes holding her body in a painful arch and the frame itself left little room for error. A miss might mean breaking his cane or striking the frame which would send a shock through his arm.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the beating continued, Michiyo had captured her victim's head between her thighs and was making sure that her tongue did as she wished. She said something to her half-brother and he translated for Sissy, informing her that every time he landed a good blow to Koyoko's rump it translated to a very interesting movement of her tongue that increased the pleasure for Michiyo many times over. Sissy did her best to look away as the cane ate into the woman's firm flesh, now and then breaking the skin and bringing a cry of happiness from Toshiro for his well struck blow. He was like a child with a new toy, unfortunately it was a human being, but he did not seem to get the connection. Sissy lost track of time as the caning seemed to go on forever, but at last Toshiro pronounced himself satisfied and declared it was time for a rest, not for his victim, but for himself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still there was one more task that had to be done before he could relax. He looked around the room and spied what he was seeking. In the far corner of the room sat a small wheeled platform bearing an innocuous looking black box and a collection of tubing and glass fixtures of various sizes. He wheeled it over to where his assistant was still servicing Michiyo, and said something to his sibling in Japanese. She gave him a tight lipped grin and pushed the woman away from her. Sissy watched, somewhat perplexed, as Toshiro fitted open glass cylinders that had rubber rings on each end to Kyoko's nipples and, after a bit of a struggle to locate it in all the folds of swollen flesh, her clitoris.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He hit the switch on the front of the compact machine and it hummed into life. The tubing wiggled like a nest of snakes for a few seconds and then Sissy gasped as she watched Kyoko's nipples expand to fill the glass cyclinders. The rope master smiled and pointed to the woman's clitoris which was now gigantic, pressing against the walls of the tube that contained it. Toshiro pressed a button and soon the lumps of swollen flesh within the glass cylinders began to contract and expand. He hit the button a second time and the rate at which they changed increased tremendously. Now Kyoko began to grunt in rhythm with the changes in her nipples and clit. Michiyo leaned as close as she dared to watch the change that was taking place at a dizzying rate. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toshiro grunted loudly to get Sissy's attention and then he flipped another switch and all hell broke loose. Kyoko began screaming as if someone had set her afire. Her body thrashed mindlessly against the ropes holding her to the frame. Sissy was hard pressed to discern exactly what had caused this violent reaction. The rope master leaned over to her and began to tell her some of the background about this machine. Like the mechanical womb wrecker that almost did Sissy in, this too was the product of the Hashifumoto Research Division. He casually mentioned that in his opinion, many very sick people were employed in that organization, or why did they come up with such products oriented toward harming and humiliating women?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The original invention was made outside of the corporation, but once the men in the white lab smocks were given the challenge of making it much more powerful and able to do more than just operate using the principle of pressure differential, they got busy and came up with this enhanced version. The marketing people were positive it had a definite niche in the home entertainment market, and so a few copies of the prototype were distributed to trusted employees of the corporation to evaluate. What separated it from the original design was the ability to introduce a cooling gas that narrowed the capillaries creating a ten fold increase in the sensitivity of whatever was being pumped.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sissy glanced over to the contorted face of Kyoko, who appeared to be suffering the torments of the damned. A bloody froth was pouring from her mouth. Toshiro observed that his assistant was probably chewing on her tongue, a reflex reaction to the overwhelming sexual stimulation she was enduring from the machine. He went on to predict that if the machine continued to operate in this mode for more than another minute or two, Kyoko's heart muscle was likely to burst from the amount of blood it was attempting to pump to stay even with the unending pressure that was being applied to most of her internal organs. Now Sissy was certain that she had come to a place of madness and total evil. In the background the machine continued to whine as it worked at its highest speed, causing Toshiro and Michiyo's eyes to glitter with lust and pleasure as their victim rapidly neared her limit.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - lex ludite )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





