BDSM Library - The Voice of Reason




The Voice of Reason
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A simple camping trip brings more than Jade bargained for when mysterious things begin to happen.THE VOICE OF REASON    
By: Anon_101_6 and Just_Master  
PLEASE NOTE: Since the codes for the story have to be predetermined before
  the story is posted (and we can't change them with each new chapter) we guessed
  at what codes we will be incorporating. We apologize if the code you were looking
  for was not in the chapters posted so far &ndash; we are intending to get to
  it. And we also apologize if we add something to the story for which we did
  not chose that code: it wasn't in the original design, but we (well, anon really)
  have been known to change things as we write.  
To make it a little easier, we will post a set of codes for each chapter
  at the beginning, so you can know what to expect.  
Happy reading!  
Part 1: Helplessness   
Chapter Codes: M/f, BDSM, real, reluctant, serious  
Her terrified scream echoed off the cabin walls. A small rational part of
  her brain wondered why she bothered. After all, there was no one to hear her,
  no one to rescue her. The cabin was so remote, she could scream as loud as
  she was able to, and the sound would never reach human ears. Only the trees
  and animals would hear her cries, and they would not be able to help. No one
  would be able to save her now. She trembled as she watched the shadow, as it
  seemed to grow larger, engulfing her into its darkness.  
Now she realized she might have made a big mistake, asking her girlfriend
  Andrea to bind her hands and attach the chain to the rafters above her head.
  It had seemed harmless enough at the time. The two of them were going to enjoy
  a few well-deserved weeks away from the stress of their lives. Just the two
  women alone in a remote cabin, which was owned by Andrea's family. On the trip
  up here Andrea had insisted on telling her how the place was haunted. Jade
  had scoffed at the idea; after all, there were no such thing as ghosts. Everything
  had a logical explanation, a reason. She was a scientist by trade, and believed
  logic, reason, and meticulously researching the problem would find the truth,
  the answer and knowledge to explain the unexplainable. Which is why she when
  they had walked into the cabin and she saw the old shackles on the wall, remnants
  of one of the ghost stories, she had impulsively told her friend to shackle
  her in the middle of the room and go get some groceries in town. This would
  prove that she was not afraid of any such thing as ghosts. They weren't real
  and could not hurt her, even restrained and made powerless by the chain. Jade
  had not thought Andrea would be gone so long; after all, the town was only
  twenty miles away. It had not seemed so far. But now, those twenty miles stretched
  like an ocean between her and the aid she so desperately needed.  
At first it had been easy enough. Andrea had left the television on, and
  she had been watching it. But as time past, night began to fall as darkness
  swept across the sky lit by the light of a full moon. The room's only source
  of light was the television set off to the side in one corner. It amazed Jade,
  who had grown up in the city, how truly dark it was outside. She glanced out
  the window, straining to see a pair of headlights approaching, but all she
  saw was the gloom, which seemed to stretch on forever . And while her focus
  had been on the great outdoors, the television had suddenly turned off, plunging
  her into total darkness.  
That was when Jade first realized just how helpless this situation made her.
  At five foot six inches, she was a petite, slender woman. A rigorous training
  program at the gym left her with well-defined muscles, but she knew she would
  be powerless if something like a bear came in here. Did bears live in this
  area? Andrea had been so enthused about ghosts that she had not gotten around
  to mentioning dangerous wildlife in the area. She was clad only in a sundress
  with spaghetti straps, for the day had been hot and sticky, so she had not
  bothered with any underclothes. With her small breasts, she hardly needed a
  bra anyways, especially not in the long car trip.  
Jade took a deep calming breath. The power must have gone out, that was all.
  She was sure it happened all the time in these remote places. And the doors
  were securely locked. No wild animals could get in. But as she stood in the
  darkness, it seemed to grow, to engulf her, bearing down on her, until she
  found it hard to breathe. Something did not feel right. The hairs on the back
  of her neck stood on end. It felt like she was being watched. She twisted the
  chains that held her, looking around in the gloom, trying to see something,
  anything that could cause this sense of uneasiness. But there was nothing.
  Only the black of night. She could not even see the kitchen counter which she
  knew stood only a few feet away.  
The sense of foreboding grew worse, as she could feel something coming closer
  to her helpless body. Vainly she started to struggle against the chains that
  held her, the sharp rattling sound filling her ears in the otherwise quiet
  room. Her breasts swayed, the fabric rubbing against her nipples, causing them
  to tingle and start to tighten. What was happening? Jade wondered. Logic dictated
  that she stay still and simply wait for Andrea to return.  
The darkness now seemed to loom over her, caressing her body. She stilled;
  her senses on alert. "Shhh, don't fight it, dear." Jade shuddered at the sound
  of the whisper. Had she really heard those words? No, it must have been the
  wind and her over active imagination. The cabin was not big, just one room
  in fact, except for the small bathroom set off to the side of the house. She
  would have seen if someone had come inside. She would have heard them. Wouldn't
  she?  
Then she could feel the warm breath on her neck, giving her goose-bumps,
  as a shiver of pure terror ran down her spine. She could feel the small string
  that held the strap of her dress moving. It had been tied with a bow at each
  side, and now it was moving! The strap seemed to burn as it moved across her
  skin, prickling her sensitive nerves. It was impossible. She was alone. She
  tried to fight the panic she felt welling up inside her, as Jade felt the fabric
  slip free on the left side, exposing her breast to the cooling night air. Immediately,
  her nipple puckered even further. She started to tremble as she felt the right
  strap coming loose, sliding over her flesh. Then the whole dress fell from
  her body, pooling at the floor by her feet, leaving her naked, exposed, and
  vulnerable.  
There had to be a logical explanation for this. There had to be. She was
  imagining things. The straps must have just come lose when she was struggling
  to get free. Yes, that was it. That must be what was happening.  
Her heart pounded frantically in her chest, as she felt the warm breath start
  to move down the nape of her neck. No, it was real. It felt so real. She shook
  her head in confusion; her blonde curls tickling around her shoulders as she
  moved. Then she froze, her body going absolutely still with shock, as she feels
  a warm finger trace the side of her cheek.  
Then it was gone. The breath, the finger. Jade listened intently, trying
  to catch that whispering voice but only heard the wind. Her body trembled as
  she waited and waited. Finally she started to relax for a second, thinking
  it was just her over active musings and Andrea's ghost tales that had done
  this to her, when she heard a creaking sound. Was it something outside? Or
  just the house shifting in the wind?  
Jade felt a jolt of electricity travel through her body, tickling her skin
  as she felt the warm breath again, this time on her left nipple. Instantly
  it hardened almost painfully. Her womb contracted with a stab of desire. This
  was crazy! Jade fought against the sensations, the wonderful tingling she felt
  as the breath once again caressed her nipple, like a warm light breeze playing
  across her skin, heating her body in the cool evening air. No it wasn't right.
  But oh, it felt so good.  
Acting on instinct alone, she arched her back, thrusting her breasts forward
  in the darkness, looking for more&hellip;.for what? She was alone. She was
  sure of it. But it felt so good, that warm breath on her skin. She wanted more
  of it. She wanted to be touched. Jade let out a little moan of desire, as something
  hot and wet dragged ever so slowly across the sensitive peak of her breast.
  She could feel the dampness between her legs now, her head falling back, as
  she surrendered to the incredible sensations coursing though her body.  
SNAP!  
As if a switch had been turned on in her mind, her head flew forwards as
  the sharp pain ran through her like wild fire. Wicked teeth were biting into
  her sensitive skin of her nipple. She let out a cry of distress, as she started
  to pant, her breath coming in great gulps as she struggle to make sense of
  what was happening to her. SNAP! This time her other nipple was engulfed in
  a searing white pain which spread throughout her breasts. "No!" she protested,
  as she felt the tug as something pulled her nipples, stretching them, causing
  even more pain to radiate from her teats. Wildly she struggled against the
  chains that held her, clanking them together in her agitation, but still they
  held. So Jade stilled, and sucked in a deep breath, fully intending to scream
  as pain and confusion swamped her. The steady pulsing between her legs did
  not help at all. She did not understand. She wanted it to stop. Immediately.  
Before she could call out, Jade heard a wshoosh followed by a cracking sound,
  as if someone had snapped a branch in two. The burning on her soft, smooth
  globes was like nothing she had ever felt before. Her breasts jiggled from
  the impact. It took a moment for it to sink it what was happening. She took
  a deep breath once again, fully intending to scream when the voice hissed in
  her ear, "Silence, girl. You belong to me now."  
Jade screamed for all she was worth, her voice echoing off the cabin walls.
  Tears of frustration and terror fell down her cheeks. What was going on? And
  why was this happening to her? But she could not think, only feel she heard
  the wshoosh again, followed by the smacking sound, as her breasts swayed, feeling
  like they were on fire. Again she screamed, hoping that this torment would
  soon end.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anon_101_6 Just_Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





