BDSM Library - The Sheik's Prize




The Sheik's Prize
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Southern California girl abducted by a Arabian Sheik and trained as his sex slave.The Taking of the Prize  
 Julie had just turned sixteen at the beginning of the summer and was going
  to be a sophomore in high school the next year. She was very active in swimming
  and water polo, popular sports in her Southern California home. She was 5 foot
  8, light brown hair down to her waist and had a very long lean body. She was
  a very nice girl and generally liked by most of her peers, but was very shy
  especially with people that she didn't know well. Her parents had raised her
  to be a hard worker and she applied herself in both the classroom and the swimming
  pool in the hopes of one day competing athletically for a Division 1 College.
  She was already receiving some interest from schools recruiting her in water
  polo. Little did she know that she had already been screened from a different
  pool of applicants and selected by another recruiter for a very different purpose.  
 It was a hot July day and Julie was walking home, just coming from morning
  water polo practice. It was only 9:30 AM but her wet hair was already quickly
  drying in the sun as she walked the mile and a half to her home. She hadn't
  saved up enough from her job lifeguarding and teaching swim classes to buy
  a car yet and her parents were attempting to teach her responsibility by making
  her earn the money herself. She didn't notice the van trailing her from a distance
  or the man in the bushes ahead of her. As she passed him the man he leapt out
  from behind his cover and placed a chloroformed rag over her mouth and his
  other arm tightly around her shoulders. The van immediately pulled up beside
  them next to the curb, anticipating the timing as the sliding door opened two
  more men quickly subdued the struggling girl and pulled her into the van. No
  one on the side street noticed the abduction though even if it had been reported
  the van was dumped only a few miles away and it's occupants changed vehicles
  in order to elude any police that might be pursuing them.  
 Julie awoke hours later and felt dizzy as she awoke from her drug induced
  slumber. Her captors had given her an injection after she had been taken so
  that she would go into a deep sleep for many hours. As she came to her senses,
  she noticed a green glow and that she was in a cramped space. As she became
  more aware of her surrounding and regained her faculties she noticed that the
  green glow was that glow in the dark tape, which was attached to the inside
  of what appeared to be about a 3-foot cube. She also noticed that it was very
  warm as she ran her hands along what seemed to be very thickly padded sides.
  She began to call out for help, not knowing where she was or even whom she
  might potentially be calling out to. She felt herself panicking, as she was
  not fond of enclosed spaces so she began to desperately call out for help and
  search for a way out of her enclosure. After several minutes she felt herself
  beginning to tire and she resigned herself to her situation for the time being.
  After closer inspection she found several plastic containers of water attached
  to the side of the walls as well as some dried fruits. She was hungry and despite
  her initial hesitation she began to drink and eat from these containers freely.
  She settled down for what would be unbeknownst to her a lengthy period of time.  
 The crate that she was traveling in was insulated with a sound proof material
  a foot thick. The customs agents on the receiving end had already received
  the payment of their bribe to ensure that the process on arrival would be expedited
  and go off without a hitch. Upon landing the crate was immediately taken off
  the plane and loaded on a truck that immediately sped off in the direction
  of her final destination.  
 The sheik waited impatiently knowing that his prize was about to arrive.
  His family home was a magnificent palace, his family being extremely wealthy
  due to their sizeable oil holdings. His father had invested their family fortune
  wisely and his son had enough wealth as to never need to be concerned with
  money. One of his favorite pastimes was the training of women to service him
  sexually, as well as to be made to perform for his enjoyment. He had grown
  tired of the women in his country and had decided to purchase a more exotic
  specimen, Julie being his final selection. He had decided upon this young American
  girl both for her beauty and because of her country of origin. He was less
  than fond of the United States of America and their global politics. He thought
  that it might be a lot of fun to be able to exact some revenge for his personal
  pleasure.  
 Arriving at his palace the crate was immediately attached to poles and eight
  servants hurried it into the personal chambers of the sheik. Upon hearing of
  his prizes arrival the sheik immediately entered his personal bedchambers to
  witness the unpacking. His servants used crowbars to open up the top of the
  crate and peeled off the sound proof lining. The sheik looked inside to find
  Julie looking up at him with frightened eyes. He immediately ordered that she
  be taken away to the women's quarters and cleaned properly. Two servants grasped
  her by the shoulders and forcibly led her to the entrance to the sheik's harem
  where she was handed off to several eunuchs to be tended to.  
 Julie was incredibly frightened as the eunuchs forcibly stripped her of
  her clothing and bathed her in a large bath. They scrubbed her skin mercilessly,
  holding her open as they cleaned her most intimate areas. Julie noticed that
  they did not linger when cleaning her and did not seem to take great pleasure
  in their task; rather they just seemed to be extremely efficient. She wondered
  to herself if that had anything to do with the abundance of video cameras that
  seemed to be monitoring every room she had so far been in. Four eunuchs each
  grabbed one of her limbs and held her tightly as a fifth brought a straight
  razor to her pussy mound. The sight of the razor caused Julie to tense but
  she could feel by the firm grasp of the men that she had no chance of escape
  and struggle would only bring harm to herself. She watched with horror as the
  hair covering her pussy was removed, leaving her now totally smooth skin seemingly
  unprotected for what she knew was probably coming.  
 Julie didn't have to wait long; as soon as her cleaning had been completed
  she was led back into the sheik's bedchamber. As she entered the door her eyes
  fastened immediately onto a wooden contraption that was placed at the foot
  of his massive bed. As her eyes locked onto the contraption she noticed that
  she was being led directly toward it. She couldn't tell for sure what exactly
  it would do but she was fairly certain that it was going to be used to take
  her virginity. She was placed into the device her arms and legs securely fastened
  at the wrists, forearms, ankles and knees so that she was effectively trapped.
  The servants then turned levers that brought her legs into a bent position
  and then moved then apart. Effectively she was trapped on the foot of his bed
  facing a gigantic mirror on the wall in the doggy style position. She could
  feel the cool air on her pussy lips as the spread of her legs increased to
  the point that it was rather uncomfortable. She groaned as they continued to
  turn the levers causing the spread of her knees to get wider and wider. The
  recent shave caused her to get goose bumps on her pussy mound, the spread of
  the device opening up her lips. The eunuchs left the room and Julie waited,
  the strain of the spread forced upon her legs making her feel as if she was
  going to break.  
 Julie was left waiting for what seemed like forever since she had no way
  to measure the passage of time and the bondage she was in made her muscles
  burn. She knew that in reality it had probably been at least an hour or so
  since the eunuchs had left. Finally she heard the door to the chamber open
  and the sheik entered closing the door behind him. She could see him in by
  looking into the mirror in front of her but was unable to turn her head far
  enough to look at him directly. He walked up behind her and stopped, standing
  in between the spread of her legs. She could see that he was looking directly
  at her pussy, knowing from the spread of her legs that he must be able to see
  right into the space between her spread pussy lips. "Why are you doing this
  to me, please let me go" she pleaded. "No, no I will never let you go. You
  must learn to realize that from now on you belong to me and will have to do
  whatever I desire of you. There will be no negotiations. If you do not do exactly
  as I wish you will be punished severely and will wish that you had complied
  with my desires. Right now I desire to take your virginity. I actually don't
  mind that you aren't exactly willing, that doesn't really concern me. There
  will be plenty of time to invest in your training later."  
 She could tell from his calm and commanding manner and the matter of fact
  tone of his voice that he intended to do exactly what he said. She had always
  dreamed of her first time being when she got married or at least with someone
  that she cared about very much. She had kissed only a very few boys and the
  furthest she had been was allowing one of them to cup her breasts outside the
  material of both her bra and shirt. The events were just too much for her and
  she broke down and began to cry. The sheik was prepared for either this or
  for her to start screaming and he moved to her head and forcibly grasped her
  jaw and shoved a very large ball gag into her mouth. Julie felt the rubber
  gag being pushed between her lips and had no leverage of power to be able to
  resist it. She felt it move in past her teeth forcing her mouth to an extremely
  wide-open position that was immediately painful. Her sobs were instantly quieted,
  with her only being able to make small whimpering or grunting noises with the
  gag in place.  
 Julie watched in the mirror as the sheik moved from her head back between
  the spread of her legs. He pulled his tunic from his shoulders letting it drop
  to the floor. This was the first time that Julie had ever seen a man's penis
  before even though she was really only seeing it in a mirror. The sheik was
  extremely hairy between his legs but she could see that he was totally erect
  and knew that he must be excited at the prospect of taking her virginity. She
  began to flex her muscles and struggle wildly, though the contraption she was
  in prevented any movement from her at all. All her effort resulted in a barely
  noticeable movement. The sheik had been watching for this though and because
  he was looking for it he noticed the tensing of her muscles in a vain effort
  to escape. Her actions caused him to smile, looking into the mirror seeing
  how desperate her eyes were pleading for escape.  
 His hand moved down between her extremely spread legs to her pussy mound
  and cupped it with her hand. He felt her body tense though it again caused
  no real movement as her muscles were already stretched to their limit. His
  index finger slipped between her already spread pussy lips and he moved it
  up and down tracing just barely inside her pussy lips. Julie felt his finger
  now inside her, rubbing against her pussy. Goose bumps were raised all along
  her legs as her mind screamed no and her eyes were wide with fright. She knew
  that he was about to take her, her pussy at exactly the height of his waist
  open and exposed for him. She felt like she was on display for him to use and
  yet she could do nothing at all to stop him she was totally in his power. His
  finger penetrated her deeper bringing her back from her thoughts. He began
  to run his finger in and out of her pussy causing her juices to begin to flow.
  He then pushed his finger in deeper until it came to rest against her hymen,
  confirming to him that this was her first time and reminding her of what she
  was about to lose. His fingers withdrew and he moved forward pushing the tip
  of his cock between the parted lips of her pussy. With this movement her attempts
  to free herself began anew as she tried desperately once again to move any
  part of her body unsuccessfully. Her body exhausted she relaxed against the
  restraints resigned to his control of her body. It was this reaction that the
  sheik had been waiting for and he pushed his cock into her pussy until it rested
  against her hymen. He began to move it in and out slowly just inside her pussy,
  lubricating his cock and toying with her. He then reached up and grabbed hold
  of her long brown hair and pulled it toward him causing her head to be yanked
  until she was staring directly at the ceiling. It was at this moment she noticed
  that there was once again a large mirror on the ceiling and that she would
  once again be forced to watch the taking of her body. Once he knew that she
  was watching he thrust his body forward, his cock tearing through her hymen
  and into the depths of her pussy. The pain from her body and the pulling of
  her hair was forgotten as he ravaged her pussy with his cock mercilessly. The
  excitement of his new toy and the fact that he had no concern for her pleasure
  caused him to come to his climax extremely quickly. He emptied his cum deep
  into her pussy, pulling her hair hard as he did. Julie felt the rush of cum
  in her pussy and heard him grunt as he pulled on her hair even harder. With
  the large gag in her mouth she was unable to object to such rough treatment
  or even make it known that she was in pain. She felt him release her hair and
  she left her head slump forward onto his bed. She watched in the mirror as
  he pulled himself from her, took a look at her used pussy and turned and left
  to his personal bathroom. She heard him run some water, no doubt cleaning himself
  up. He came back with a fresh tunic on and walked through the room taking a
  last look at her as he left her there. She wondered how long she would be left
  there and what was in store for her next. She knew for certain that she probably
  would not enjoy it. Julie was left to wonder how her life had come to this
  point.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Julie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





