BDSM Library - Bringing in Sarah




Bringing in Sarah
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a parcel is received offering an introduction to submission Sarah is curious enough to play along.  She lives to regret it.Bringing in Sarah by DJ Tuk   
At 38 Sarah Philips has made it. She has power running a small government
  sponsored organisation earning an excellent salary. And she fits the job. At
  5'11'' she is tall, fit, elegant and dresses to match in a classic business
  clothes. She poses a powerful picture. Whilst she parties hard, most of her
  time is devoted to her work and although she has had a few (well publicised)
  flings there is no significant other sharing her expensive house in rural countryside
  west of London.  
The clock was showing a little after 6 when her PA popped her head round
  the door and asked if there was anything more for the night. It was only Tuesday
  but the week had been demanding already.  
"No you go off now Jane," Sarah insisted, "I won't be far behind you. I fancy
  a long bath and a quiet night," she added and continued finishing up. Jane
  had only been with her a couple of months but was already a remarkable PA able
  to manage the day to day running of her affairs. At 32 Jane too was tall and
  attractive although nothing compared to her boss.  
Jane smiled and left the old country house that doubled as the organisation's
  main office.  
Sarah had only been home a few minutes when the door bell rang. Not expecting
  visitors she was cautious as she opened the door to a UPS courier. 'Parcel
  for Ms Philips,' he announced and although Jane was not expecting a delivery
  she signed the electronic pad and accepted the box, which proved to be relatively
  heavy.  
Intrigued Sarah slit open the black shrink wrapped plastic to reveal a compact
  chest similar to a mechanics tool chest. There was however no handles on the
  draws just a simple sticker on the top with the instruction to place on a firm
  surface. Sarah placed the chest on the kitchen table and was getting suspicious
  (especially in this day of terrorist attacks) when the top of the box hinged
  up automatically opening with it a small colour screen of a compact laptop
  computer.  
Sarah smiled. 'The lengths some marketing people will go to these days is
  unbelievable,' she thought as the screen flicked on with a colour screen. Text
  started to appear and from a small speaker the words were read as they appeared.  
"Please excuse the intrusion," it started in a male voice. "We represent
  a very special dating agency for Dominants and Submissives. You recently visited
  our web site." Sarah was horrified &ndash; was nothing secure these days. Unfortunately
  as this was only a computer she couldn't tell it that she was only looking
  out of a mild interest and had no intention of progressing it further.  
"Some of our clients," the machine continued, "have high profiles and are
  unable to even experiment without media interest &ndash; so we have devised
  this package. The box is expensive and so we have only sent it to you to try &ndash; it
  will be collected in the next day or so. The objective is to let you try the
  Submissive role in your own home, under your own control with no chance of
  any media knowledge. If you decide that you may like to take things further
  then you can contact us and we will use our discreet membership to help. This
  trial is free &ndash; our membership is not. If you are interested just click
  on the yes button on the screen that follows - the programme will take about
  four hours. If you want to delay the trial please enter a suitable date and
  we'll get the courier to return the box at the appropriate time. If you are
  not interested please hit the NO box, the programme will close itself and the
  box will be collected &ndash; and accept our apologises for disturbing your
  day."  
With that the screen changed to offer the three options mentioned.  
Sarah stood dumfounded. How could a company go to these lengths on the basis
  of a visit to a website that should have been anonymous anyway. She was however
  more than a little curious. 'Domination by machine,' was something she had
  never considered. Agonising moments went past as she stared at the unchanging
  screen.  
'Four hours' she mused. She had nothing planned and it would be interesting.
  She can after all stop it at any time. She hovered over the YES button and
  eventually pressed it.  
"Thank you," voiced the machine "Enjoy your evening".  
The screen changed. "It would be preferable if this unit was situated in
  your bedroom, so that you can view the screen when lying on the bed &ndash; and
  remember the whole process will take about four hours &ndash; press any key
  when ready."  
The anticipation was having its effect the problems of the day having evaporated
  and Sarah quickly moved the unit to her master bedroom positioning it on a
  small table adjacent to the bed. She pressed the key.  
"First some questions to help tailor your evening," the machine spoke.  
A questionnaire type form filled the screen with simple yes/no answers.  
Have you ever had a dominant experience &ndash; no  
Have you ever had a submissive experience &ndash; no  
Have you ever been interested in a sub/dom experience &ndash; pause &ndash; yes  
Have you ever been tied up during sex &ndash; yes  
Have you ever had sex with another woman -no  
Do you have any body piercings &ndash; no  
Any tattoos &ndash; no  
And finally would you prefer to be spoken to by a man or a woman. Sarah thought
  for a moment and hit WOMAN. The computerised voice changed and from then on
  the mechanical voice was definitely female.  
The screen cleared and announced "We're ready to start &ndash; however it
  greatly increases the experience if you remove all your clothes, shave off
  all pubic hair and kneel in the centre of your bed &ndash; press any key when
  ready."  
Getting undressed in her own bedroom in front of a computer was no problem
  but the shaving part made her think. Sarah kept her pubes neatly trimmed but
  intact. She thought about ignoring this part but then decided that it wouldn't
  hurt &ndash; it might even add to the game &ndash; which is how she was thinking
  this evening would be. Sarah disappeared into the en-suite bathroom and emerged
  a few minutes later after some deft work with the 'Bic'. A smile crept across
  her face &ndash; this was both fun and exciting and the machine was right -
  her now naked pussy did add to the experience. She knelt as requested and pressed
  the button.  
"Please note that from here on you have no alternative but to complete the
  session. For the first part you will put on the pair of leather briefs in the
  top drawer." With that the handle less top draw slowly slid open. There were
  two items but one was clearly a pair of briefs or more a thong. The crutch
  part had a small rounded pyramid that would fit directly over Sarah's pussy.
  The crutch too was quite thick but the front and back of the throng were tough
  leather. The front was two straps the back a single one all attached to a waistband.
  Sarah was just examining the garment when the computer spoke.  
"It will be more comfortable if the centre section is lubricated using the
  gel in the draw. Ensure your pussy lips are in the centre of the two straps
  and not squashed behind them &ndash; press any key or the help button if needed."  
Sure enough there was a small tube in the draw and Sarah applied a liberal
  coating before slipping on the briefs. By now she was getting into this and
  wanted to find out what the feeling would be like. The waist band was in two
  parts that slid into each other. As she put the briefs on the band would only
  tighten and not release so she quickly realised there was no obvious way of
  opening it again. She would worry about that later. Looking down she was amazed
  at the sight. The dark leather straps, her nude pussy and her lips forced out
  between the straps. She pressed the key on the machine.  
"The other part of the device clips over the front of the briefs and clips
  into a small socket between your legs &ndash; there will be a definite click
  when the unit is in place. 'What a shame,' thought Sarah, 'having to hide all
  of this' as she slipped the box like unit over the waist band coving the entire
  front of the briefs and clipped it into the base of the pyramid.  
No sooner had she heard the click than the small pyramid started vibrating.
  Helped by the lubrication it was quickly hitting the spot as a wave of pleasure
  swept over Sarah. "You are being rewarded for your progress so far but it will
  not last long" announced the female voice. Sure enough just as Sarah was beginning
  to think this was the most remarkable device the vibrations stopped.  
"That is just a taste if you do as you are asked." Sarah smiled &ndash; how
  could she fail to do what the machine asked if that was just a taste.  
"In the next draw you will find a bra &ndash; please put it on." The tone
  of the computer was becoming more authoritative but carefully and in measured
  amounts so as not to worry Sarah.  
The bra looked like a cross between a torture device and something Madonna
  would wear on stage. Skimpy it certainly wasn't. Sarah had quite small breasts
  but the inside of the bra fitted well but the outside had two large boxes over
  each boob and it was joined in the centre of the front by the same concertina
  band with no obvious undo button. As she pressed the two together around her
  she left it deliberately loose.  
"Please make sure that the bra is snug and tight with your nipples well into
  each cup &ndash; press any key when ready."  
'How did the machine know it was on loose or was that just a general comment,'
  Sarah thought but she duly complied pushing the two halves of the bra closer
  together. She pressed the button.  
The machine was right. The earlier vibrations were only a taste. The vibrations
  in her pussy started again but at a much more pleasurable intensity. At the
  same time each nipple was being gently sucked and squeezed by the bra. Several
  minutes past and wave after wave of ecstasy was building in her body and she
  was convinced a climax would be along soon when the vibrations infuriating
  stopped. Sarah protested but suddenly felt silly talking to a computer.  
"Let me assure you the best is yet to come," the voice said "but you must
  earn it. In the next draw you will find some cuffs. This is not really bondage
  as on each cuff is a small blue release button. Lie on you back on the bed.
  Place the larger set between your ankles with the spare chain attaching to
  your crutch. The smaller cuffs are attached to a collar. Please place them
  on now."  
Anxious for the vibrations to continue Sarah took the cuffs from the draw.
  The cuffs were lined and soft and she tested the button on each to make sure
  it really did release. The chains between the cuffs were multilinked and held
  in a plastic covering. The ankles were fine but Sarah wasn't sure about the
  collar. She checked the release mechanism and it opened every time with a positive
  click. She relented and put on the collar and the wrist cuffs.  
She was going to reach over and press the keyboard but the machine seemed
  to know when the last cuff was in place.  
"Welcome to the world of submission and bondage Sarah." For the first time
  the machine used her name and she was taken aback.  
"You are now at my mercy. You will receive pleasure that you couldn't have
  dreamed of but you have lost all control. The blue buttons on you cuffs are
  now inoperative. And the chains are tightening and within a few seconds will
  become stronger than if they were steel bars." The chains seemed to pull closer
  but became rods. Sarah was now flat on her back hands pinned 18 inches either
  side of her head, her legs spread and unable to move thanks to the bar attached
  to her pussy.  
"What do you want," Sarah demanded out loud. To her absolute surprise the
  computer replied. "Exactly what I've got &ndash; you. You have submitted freely
  up to this point now there is no way back &ndash; ever."  
"You can hear me?" Sarah enquired not believing this was happening.  
"Hear you of course, see you as well and more important &ndash; control you.
  Enjoy the pleasure."  
Sarah was about to protest, scream, anything when the vibration started again.
  Slowly at first in her pussy she felt the tingling but this was different.
  The small pyramid was being inflated and the only place it could go was up.
  As the invasion grew so did the intensity of the vibrations. Now too her pussy
  lips between the two straps were also being teased and pulled. Sarah realised
  she was in a serious position but the waves of pleasure meant she could not
  control herself and she felt a massive orgasm building inside. At the precise
  moment of orgasm her pussy lips were held firmly and she felt a stabbing pain
  but the power of the orgasm overpowered it.  
The machine let her recover but only for a few seconds. Again the pussy vibrations
  now with her pussy stretched around an inflated dildo. This time the bra came
  back into play. Pulling, squeezing and sucking her nipples. Again the sensation
  was too strong and again as she orgasmed there was a sharp stab this time in
  her nipple. Again a rest bite and another orgasm. For the next hour the cycle
  was repeated until Sarah was exhausted.  
Then without warning the machine stopped vibrating and the front of the collar
  started getting wider forcing Sarah's head to look at the ceiling. She treid
  to look down but the last thing she saw was the front of one of the boxes over
  her boob opening and a pen moving out. By now she was too tired to care only
  vaguely aware of a low buzzing on her chest. She drifted into an uncontrolled
  sleep.  
At 6am the computer alarm went off. Sarah turned over and immediately remembered
  the events of the night before. The steel bars had loosened to become chains
  again. Her thoughts quickly returned.  
"The blue buttons are active again you are no longer held in bondage," the
  computer announced, "but you will always be mine." Sarah pressed the buttons
  to release herself and then noticed her chest. Across her chest was an intricate
  pattern in black of some kind of mythical animal. "Now you can say that you
  have a tattoo." Sarah rubbed the black print but it was permanent. "If you
  slide off the bra you will find that you now have some pretty nipple adornments." Sarah
  pulled the bra sides apart only to see that her nipples had been stretched
  and two bars put in at right angles to each other forming a cross. She would
  find out later that a ring also adorned her pussy.  
"What do you want from me?" she screamed at the machine.  
"You, my darling. Just you. You are mine now. You have no choice. You have
  until 11am to go to your office, clear your desk and get your body to me."  
Sarah stared at the computer in disbelief. "I think the game is over now," she
  declared. "I am in my own house, on my own. I do not have to do anything of
  the sort. In a minute I shall jettison this little box of tricks out in the
  street &ndash; no better still in the pond and you can sue me if you like." Sarah's
  confidence had returned the nightmare was over &ndash; she had finished with
  being a submissive.  
"Just before we part may I make a couple of observations. You are still wearing
  the briefs." At that moment a powerful electric shock shot through Sarah's
  pussy momentarily immobilising her not to mention causing her to scream. The
  computer waited a short while before continuing. "Before you take a knife to
  the briefs I would warn you that that would be most unwise as there are other
  little nasties hidden in the straps that you might regret. The same thing will
  also happen, by the way, should the computer loose contact with the belt &ndash; so
  the pond would also not be good for you. At 11 o'clock an email will be automatically
  sent to a number of selected people, friends, relations and of course colleagues.
  Take a look at the preview." The screen cleared and there were moving pictures
  of Sarah putting on the briefs, in the throws of an orgasm, being tattooed. "The
  email will be sent unless you do exactly as you are told."  
Sarah's new found confidence melted quicker than an ice cream on a hot day.  
The bottom drawer of the computer unit gently opened. "You may unclip the
  front pouch of the briefs but the briefs themselves will not be coming off
  just yet. In the drawer you will find a tight fitting short black sleeveless
  dress &ndash; it has a high neck so will not show off your new found artwork
  but will probably reveal your permanently erect nipples &ndash; do not wear
  a bra or anything else for that matter except the black stockings and heeled
  shoes in the drawer. You can of course use some make up &ndash; you look as
  though you've been up all night. The small box in the drawer should be with
  you always. It will ensure your briefs don't explode when you leave the house.
  I would get to your office very soon, clear your desk and get out in good time
  to be here &ndash; a package is being delivered to your office shortly with
  a pre-programmed GPS system. Open the package, switch it on and it will guide
  you to me."  
Sarah sat numbed looking at the screen. "And if I don't," she said out loud
  but really to herself. "If you don't all your friends will see you as a total
  submissive slut and they will subsequently find your body still wearing the
  briefs they have seen you put on willingly in your own home, alone. It will
  look like an experiment that went wrong. You have little time &ndash; this
  conversation is at an end."  
The lid of the box closed &ndash; leaving just the bottom drawer open.  
Sarah sat in her office at 8.00 with hardly anyone around. She sat at her
  computer and composed a letter of resignation sighting a personal emergency
  which she quickly printed out and left on her empty desk. She was just about
  to leave when she realised there was no package &ndash; no way of getting to
  her destination. She phoned the mail room but nothing had been received yet.
  By now it was 8.30 and people were starting to arrive for their day's work.  
Her PA Jane popped her head around the door to say good morning and her jaw
  dropped at the sight of her boss. "I have a family crisis," Sarah stumbled "I
  am leaving now I'll explain later but for now can you get this letter to Central
  Office." Jane offered the normal conciliatory offers of help and took the letter.  
"Oh I nearly forgot," said Jane as she was leaving, "this parcel was on my
  desk marked urgent but I guess it doesn't matter anymore." Sarah rushed out
  from behind the desk, showing off the full ensemble for the first time, grabbed
  the package and left at speed through a startled office.  
"Turn left in 50 metres," the GPS announced. "You have arrived at your destination." She
  had been driving for over an hour by a very roundabout route and now she edged
  her car up a small farm track. She stopped her car just before the gate. She
  was unsure if this was the right place until a short shock ran through her
  pussy. She drove on to the main door. Sarah knocked partly in fear &ndash; partly
  in anger. The door opened and a tall elegant woman about her own age stood
  there naked except for a leather choker with the same tattoo and piercings
  as Sarah herself.  
"Why have you done this to me," Sarah cried "what have I ever done to you."  
"Mistress is waiting for you" said the woman, making Sarah feel stupid &ndash; this
  was just another slave.  
Sarah entered the next room and her mouth fell open speechless. "Hello Sarah.
  I'm sorry about all this but it's my hobby to collect and enslave successful
  professional women. You are the third in my collection. I will enjoy training
  you and you will receive pleasure in serving me. Welcome to the rest of your
  life." Jane smiled across the desk - her leather outfit showing curves Sarah
  had never seen before but would be exploring in detail in the weeks to come.  
Comments always welcome!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DJ Tuk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





