BDSM Library - My Beginnings




My Beginnings
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A true story about how I became a submissive person.  There is an afterword in this, be sure to read. Hope you enjoy.Authors Note: After reading this story, it is insisted that you read the
  message afterwards. Thank you.  
My middle school years started out fine for the first few days at Cedar Ridge
  Middle School. I was finally in 6th grade, interested in making some new friends,
  and new opportunities for change. I was on the rather small side during that
  time, around 4'8-4'9 and weighing in at around 80 pounds. Most people were
  significantly bigger than I was by at least 4 inches and 20 pounds.  
The first few days of school were mostly spent doing the normal things that
  I had been doing for the past 5 years: Collecting syllabuses, learning classrooms,
  and meeting teachers. I hate to admit, but I was actually a gullible person
  then, because I was still under the influence that teachers were nice and cared
  about their students; while students that I have never seen before would be
  nice, friendly, and unprejudiced.  
I happen to be one of the less-fortunate people in that grade. I wear a hearing
  aid in my left ear. I have a sixty percent loss in my right ear, and a forty
  percent loss in my left ear. I just never chose to wear one in my right ear.
  There were people who would constantly ask about it, received an answer, and
  then ask the same question again.  
The part that was prejudice was the fact that I was not the only one who
  wore a hearing aid at school. There was another person in my grade named R.C.
  He wore 2 hearing aids, and wore glasses. They, the student body of CRMS, treated
  him like practically royalty. On the other hand, I was treated like dirt. There
  were a few people that I was actually friends with. They were all from the
  school I came from in 5th grade.  
Anyway, from what I can remember, my schedule was:  
----------------------------------------------  
1st period --- Science  
2nd period --- Band  
3rd period --- Math  
4th period --- Language  
5th period --- Reading  
6th period --- P.E.  
7th period --- History  
----------------------------------------------  
By about the third week of school, I was beginning to become organized with
  everything: learning names; making whatever friends I could manage to find;
  and making mental notes of who I do not, and will not like. Cedar Ridge is
  pretty much considered a 'prep-school'. I learned to hate it with a passion.
  The average student made straight A's. On the other hand, I would struggle
  along with C's. I am a very literate person, but I never learned how to master
  reading comprehension, math processing skills, or remembering my homework.
  Most of the times, I would privately blame the teachers for not making sure
  I knew what my homework was.  
 About this time, people were starting to get into their own little social
  groups. I happened to be one of the few who did not belong to the group, an
  outcast. Sixth period was rarely fun for me after we started dressing out for
  P.E. everyday. I happened to be one of the people who started getting horny,
  and finding out about masturbation personally around nine and a half. Well,
  for P.E., I received these rather light clothes. My t-shirt was a flimsy t-shirt
  which you could barely feel on your body. It felt uncomfortable, and large.
  It had a CRMS logo on the front, and my last name on the back of it labeled
  in big black letters. My shorts were just as flimsy and light as my shirt was.
  It had an elastic waist, with a string to tighten it with. The only problem
  with it was the fact that it was barely long enough to cover my underwear when
  sitting down, and when I would stand up, it would be about 8 or so inches from
  the waistband. The main bad part about my shorts was the fact that it would
  give me a hard erection since it was so light and felt like I was wearing nothing
  but my underwear.  
The normal order of things would be that I would go into the locker room
  first thing. I would then change my clothes into my P.E. uniform. After that
  I would walk out into the gym where we would all be sitting. This is how we
  were organized:  
15 16 17 18 19 20 21  
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 
  7 6 5 4 3 2 1 
   
  It would be in order of our last names, and numbers 1, 14, and 21 would be
  in the front. 2, 13, and 20 would be behind them, and so on. I was number 11.
  Right in the middle of everybody.   
After I would walk out into our lines, I would relax for a minute then I
  would instantly get an erection that you could clearly see through my shorts.
  I could not hide my erection with my shirt because of how light and thin the
  clothes were, plus the fact that we had to tuck in our shirts. Instantly I
  would walk back into the locker room, hoping that the locker room was basically
  cleared out, and sit down on a bench near my locker and wait for my erection
  to pass. About this time, it would have been 15-20 minutes into the class time
  and the lazy, dumbass, P.E. teacher would be walking out and starting us on
  our exercising.  
The fact that I would hide in the locker room until then was the fact that
  the first exercise that we would do were jumping jacks... Doing jumping jacks
  while horny in my shorts, made my erection as visible as doing jumping jacks
  nude in front of 20 other people, while at the same time hiding my erection
  with a piece of tissue. As you, the reader, might assume. I was embarrassed.  
~~~~~~~  
By the end of my 6th grade year, people had begun to speculate and notice
  my 'predicament'. Classmates would begin to talk, and thus, I would be even
  further embarrassed. By the end of my 6th grade year, I had been cussed at,
  insulted, and become an outcast of the school society. I was falling towards
  depression.  
~~~~~~~  
Once it had been summer and 7th grade had gotten started well, people began
  to remember last year's gossips. Pretty soon within the first few weeks of
  school, they had caught me with an erection. After that, day after day, I started
  getting humiliated in the locker room before class. Making fun of my erections,
  verbally assaulting me, and one person went as far as showing their dick and
  getting my reaction. I was grossed out and everything. Everyday, I would be
  uncomfortable with what would be going on. Somehow within the few weeks after
  that, there had been false rumors that I was gay.  
About in early October on a warm sunny day, we decided to go outside for
  P.E. The teacher would be relaxing and sitting down watching everyone play
  basketball or something. I proceeded to go inside to the locker room and use
  the bathroom. Unwarily, about 4-5 people from class followed me silently into
  the room as well. I went inside to one of the stalls, peed, and then walked
  through one of the doors. Unknown to my presence, 3 of the 5 people jumped
  me at the door, covering my mouth so that I could not scream. It would have
  done no good anyway, because no one was around. They dragged me, while I was
  kicking and trying to scream, to a bench and laid me onto my stomach on top
  of the bench. All three of them held me down while the 2 people guarding the
  other door went and got some duct tape out of their locker and ran to the bench
  I was at. Both of them ripped my pants and underwear off, exposing my bare,
  white, ass. Then they proceeded to tape my hands together underneath the bench
  so I could not escape. Secondly, then wrapped the tape around my back, and
  the bench twice so I could not get up, then they taped my ankles together underneath
  the bench as well. At that moment, I knew I was not going anywhere.  
3 of them guys wasted little time getting their pants down, barely giving
  me enough time to realize what they were about to do... fuck me.  
One sat in front of my head, to where my face was stuck laying onto his erecting
  penis. Another one stood over me, where I could not see, but I could definitely
  feel. He started slapping my ass as hard as he could, while the guy in front
  of me started to shove his dick down my throat.  
After the guy stopped slapping my ass, he took his dick and shoved it into
  my small ass. My asshole instantly started being forced open and penetrated
  by his dick.  
After about 3 minutes the guy inside my mouth started Cuming, yelling at
  me to swallow. I hesitantly, yet obediently did so. After about another minute,
  the kid who was fucking my ass finally slowed down and I assumed he had came
  in my asshole. After he got done fucking me in the ass, I was forced to suck
  his penis clean.  
I was quickly told that if I were to ever mention anything about what had
  happened I would be fucked again harder and more brutal. I nodded and rested
  my head down onto the bench while they untied me from the bench and we were
  just in time for everyone to come into the locker room and change back into
  our normal clothes. I kept my mouth shut about what had happened that day just
  as I was told to.  
Throughout the rest of the year and my eighth grade year, I became more and
  more submissive, till the point where I would suck a dick before class started
  when told to. I eventually became the "class bitch". I was never caught doing
  anything wrong, mainly because the teacher never bothered to pay attention
  to what went on in the locker rooms beforehand.  
~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~  
After word: You're probably thinking that I'm fucked up by now, and that
  I'm gay&hellip; Well, all of this story is 100% true except for the rape scene.
  But if you want to get technical, yes I was raped&hellip; I was raped of my
  morals, my dignity, my self-esteem, any pride I had in myself. Whatever I had,
  I left in that locker room. The P.E. coach's name is Coach Lane Barnett. He
  works currently at Cedar Ridge Middle School in Decatur, AL. From what I've
  heard from current students, he is still a dumbass, who doesn't care about
  his students, or what goes on outside his 'little world'. Believe me, it has
  been tested. About the gay part, I have had girlfriends, and I'm looking for
  a new one right now. (No one online is allowed to ask me) I have however sucked
  a dick. I was 16 and was forced to suck it by a friend of mine. Only thing
  was, I liked it. So you can decide whether I am gay or not. But this story
  is how I became a submissive person. I hope you were surprised. Thank you for
  reading, and I accept any comments, or otherwise.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TK Jones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





