BDSM Library - Legally Bound




Legally Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: (excerpt from the recently publish E-Novel 'Legally Bound') Henry always enjoyed the high life, even though it meant living beyond his mean and his addictions of gambling, drinking and womanising didn't help matters. Devlin Butterworth, a sophisticated criminal accumulated Henry's debts and demanded payment, making it clear what the consequences would be for failure. Exhausting all avenues and with time running out, Henry reluctantly visits his estranged wife, Virginia who is a very successful legal practitioner. As Henry has no collateral, Virginia refuses to lend the money but suggests he may have something to sell - himself! She prepares a contract and if Henry signs it, he will become an indentured servant to his ex-wife! And what Henry doesn't know is that Virginia has learned some things from the Maya twins!Legally Bound   
By   
Carmenica Diaz   
Synopsis   
Henry always enjoyed the high life, even though it meant living beyond his
  mean and his addictions of gambling, drinking and womanising didn't help matters.  
Devlin Butterworth, a sophisticated criminal accumulated Henry's debts and
  demanded payment, making it clear what the consequences would be for failure.  
Exhausting all avenues and with time running out, Henry reluctantly visits
  his estranged wife, Virginia who is a very successful legal practitioner. As
  Henry has no collateral, Virginia refuses to lend the money but suggests he
  may have something to sell &ndash; himself!  
She prepares a contract and if Henry signs it, he will become an indentured
  servant to his ex-wife! And what Henry doesn't know is that Virginia has learned
  some things from the Maya twins!  
 
   Prologue   
On Saturday morning before leaving for shopping, Virginia informed Henry
  that the fulfilment of the second addendum would occur that evening.  
Immediately, Henry was happy. To be able to achieve orgasm after such a long
  time of intense sexual frustration was a relief, no matter what it had cost
  him in terms of the extended contract period and the ten strokes of the cane.  
'You should be wanking by seven tonight,' Virginia said with a thin smile.
  'Something to look forward to. How long as it been?' She knew very well how
  long but enjoyed teasing him.  
'Eight weeks, Mistress,' Henry said softly.  
'Really?' Virginia pretended to be surprised and raised an eyebrow. 'Time does  fly,
  doesn't it?'  
Henry thought about nothing else all day as he completed his chores, tasks
  that he now performed diligently and perfectly.  
His mind kept returning to one thought! That night, he would finally have
  the Dickson Device removed and be able to come, to feel his own cock!  
He tried to remember when Virginia had simply been his wife and not his demanding
  and sometimes cruel Mistress. If only  , he thought, I
  had stayed with her and not left her for Grace. If only I hadn't began gambling.
  If only&hellip;   
If only&hellip;  
He had once been a free man, free to do what he wanted when he wanted it
  and free to have sex or masturbate when he desired.  
Now, he was nothing more than a servant, legally bound to Virginia for at
  least thirty six weeks.  
~~~   
Virginia chose to wear a soft pink woollen skirt and jacket with beige stockings.
  No leather clad dominatrix rubbish for her, she wanted to be soft and feminine,
  to reinforce her new found feminine power over Henry has she caned and humiliated
  him.  
Entering the living room as the clock on the mantelpiece chimed six softly,
  she called for Henry to bring a gin and tonic.  
Sipping the drink, Virginia smiled, lost in thought and after a few moments,
  imperiously summoned Henry.  
His eyes popped when he saw her skirt had risen and he had a clear view of
  her stocking tops. Virginia's eyes followed his. 'Are you looking at my stocking
  tops, Henry?'  
Henry licked his lips. 'Yes, Mistress,' he murmured.  
'Kneel there so you can get a closer look,' Virginia said softly and Henry,
  eyes fastened to the band of dark nylon and the white garter straps, slowly
  sank to his knees. Her fingernail touched the garter strap. 'Do you like my
  stocking tops?' she whispered.  
'Yes Mistress,' Henry said, his voice shaking with desire and his spurned
  cock twisting and turning in it's steel prison.  
'Would you like to kiss them?'  
Henry's heart was pounding and his fingers trembled. To touch her
      flesh, to feel the smoothness of her leg!    
'Yes,' he moaned, 'yes&hellip;please Mistress.'  
'Perhaps, in the future if your good behaviour continues,' she said, carefully
  adjusting her hem and Henry sadly watched the stocking tops vanish. At the
  same time, he felt proud that she considered his current behaviour to be good.  
'Now,' Virginia said sipping her drink and smiling down at the kneeling Henry,
  'it's time to fulfil the contractual obligations as stated in the addendum
  we both signed yesterday.'  
Virginia put the glass down and stood up, looking down on the still kneeling
  Henry. 'Let's recap. In return for allowing you masturbatory privilege, you
  will call me Mistress instead of Madam &ndash; something you're doing already.
  It's much nicer than Madam, isn't it?'  
'Yes Mistress,' Henry whispered staring at her shoes.  
'It's sexier somehow, isn't it? And you'll receive ten strokes of the cane,
  delivered by myself to make up for the humiliations you put me through when
  you embarked on your womanising and gambling spree. It's well deserved, isn't
  it?'  
'I suppose so, Mistress,' Henry said doubtfully.  
'I believe I am very reasonable. Only ten strokes after all the things you
  did &ndash; the affair with Grace, selling my car &ndash; terrible things.'  
'Yes Mistress,' Henry hurriedly agreed, hoping Virginia wasn't becoming angry.  
'After the caning, I'll remove the Dickson Device and you'll be able to play
  with yourself. Are you ready?'  
'Yes Mistress.'  
01:     Contract
      Preparation.    
A terribly wet Wednesday in London. The rain was constant, driven downwards
  and, sometimes, sideways by the swirling wind that waited around the corners
  of buildings to pounce on pedestrians.  
The red buses, a landmark that, by direction of the European Community was
  soon to vanish from the streets of London, splashed past as Virginia Langley
  pushed her way into the building that housed the legal chambers of Worthington,
  Juniper and Monroe.  
'Good morning, Miss Langley,' the clerk of chambers greeted her as she shook
  the water from her umbrella.  
'Good morning, Robinson,' Virginia answered, using his surname as it wouldn't
  do for a barrister to greet the chief clerk in a familiar manner.  
Virginia was a very attractive woman with long blonde hair and was incredibly
  striking, even dressed in the pin striped skirt and jacket she usually wore
  to chambers.  
Simon Madsen, a solicitor at the firm of Baden, Baden and Powell which regularly
  appointed barristers from Worthington, Juniper and Monroe, said to a colleague
  'Virginia Langley is a tasty bit of crumpet, it's rather difficult to concentrate
  when briefing her but never underestimate her. In court, she is polite, beautiful
  and breathtakingly ruthless.'  
'Wasn't she married to that Walker chap?'  
'Indeed,' Simon had explained, 'in fact she is still married although they
  are separated. Of course, she never took on his name and bore all his shenanigans
  with an outwardly calm demeanour.'  
'No hysterical tears?'  
'From Virginia? Good Lord no!'  
'Are they getting divorced?'  
'I expect so but she doesn't seem to be in a hurry. I think Virginia is up
  to something.'  
'Some sort of revenge on that Walker chap?'  
Simon had shrugged. 'Who knows? I don't think Henry realises what a hard
  woman his estranged wife can be. Mark my words, she'll extract her pound of
  flesh.'  
~~~   
'Inspector Crusoe is on her way up, Miss Langley.'  
'Thank you, Clarissa,' Virginia said to her secretary as she walked into
  her office, one of the walls lined by legal volumes and the others tastefully
  panelled in expensive timber. Despite its serious overtones, the potted plans,
  framed pictures and small collectables made it plain that a woman worked there.  
'Beverly,' Virginia greeted her visitor with a smile, 'how lovely to see
  you.'  
'I thought I would drop by and congratulate you on your success in the Aranda
  case.' Inspector Crusoe came straight to the point.  
'Thank you,' Virginia said as both women sat, 'It was obviously a complete
  stitch up, your Detective was innocent and framed as we discovered.'  
'Due to your questioning. You were superb.'  
'You are too kind.'  
'It was rather like a film, making him confess in court like that.'  
'Thank you again. Cup of tea?'  
Inspector Crusoe held up a hand. 'Thank you but no, I have to dash. Perhaps
  we could have lunch sometimes?'  
'That would be lovely&hellip;'  
'I have information on that other matter,' Beverly Crusoe said significantly.  
'Oh?' Virginia said. 'Are you free today?'  
'As a matter of fact I am.'  
~~~   
'I'm afraid your husband,' Beverly said as she nibbled at the salad, 'is
  in a spot of bother.'  
'Oh,' Virginia said sarcastically, 'how tiresome for him.'  
'You did  ask me to keep track.'  
'I did, I'm sorry. Please go on.'  
'He's had a number of large gambling losses&hellip;'  
'Hasn't he always?'  
'Yes, of course but someone is purchasing all his debts, his I.O.U's. By
  the end of next week, he'll have them all.'  
'Who is buying?' Virginia asked, immediately interested.  
'A middle class criminal by the name of Devlin Butterworth. I would imagine,'
  Inspector Crusoe said shrewdly, 'that you may have come across him once or
  twice?'  
'You know quite well, Beverly,' Virginia said evenly, 'I defended Mister
  Butterworth against a fraud charge sometime ago.'  
'You were successful, if I recall?'  
'Was I?' Virginia said innocently, 'I simply can't remember.'  
'I'm sure you can't,' Beverly smiled, sipping her water.  
'How much will Henry owe Mister Butterworth?'  
'Almost twenty three thousand pounds.'  
'That much? How extraordinary.' Virginia toyed with her glass. 'Has he had
  any other women apart from Grace Ryder?'  
'No, she was the last and, apparently, she gave him short shrift after Grace
  discovered he was more interested in gambling than any woman.'  
'Intelligent woman,' Virginia murmured.  
'Do you know her?'  
'I do, she operates a successful public relations firm, she's rather tall.'  
They spoke of other things for a while until Beverly asked, 'Virginia, have
  you met the Maya twins?'  
'Hannah and Savannah? Yes, at a social function but nothing more than that.
  They seemed to be the archetypical scatty heiresses.'  
'Don't let appearances fool you, they are very intelligent and rather ruthless.
  They helped solve a criminal problem for me.'  
'Did they? How?'  
Beverly slid a disc over the table and smiled at Virginia. 'That makes rather
  good viewing.'  
'What is it?'  
'I don't want to spoil the ending,' Inspector Crusoe said with a grin. 'You
  may find this internet address useful as well.'  
Virginia picked up the card and read aloud, 'Dickson Device. What is a Dickson
  Device?  
'You may have to do some research. Virginia, we've been friends since school,
  I know how you think. Thank you for the lovely lunch.'  
~~~   
Three weeks later, Devlin Butterworth stared calmly at the pale faced Henry
  Walker.  
'Twenty two thousand, four hundred and ninety pounds, Walker,' Butterworth
  said mildly, 'and growing every day with interest.'  
'I'll need a spot of time, old man&hellip;'  
'No time. I want it now.'  
'I have to gather the money,' Walker said, suddenly sweating under Butterworth's
  steely eyes.  
'You have until Friday&hellip;'  
'Only two days? That's not fair, old man&hellip;'  
'I don't recall,' Butterworth said mildly, 'that I had to be fair?'  
'How will I get&hellip;'  
'I'm not concerned with your problems but if I don't have the money by Friday,
  I'll begin taking your fingers one by one. I have a chap who's skilled with
  a meat cleaver. If you haven't got the money by this time next week, you'll
  have a lot of difficulty picking up a cup of tea.'  
'But&hellip;'  
'Friday!' The door slammed behind him and Walker sank into his chair, his
  face white and covered with perspiration.  
'What can I do now?'  
Frantically, Henry attempted to borrow the money from friends or people he
  thought were friends.  
Simon Madsen was his first call. 'Simon, old man, this is Henry&hellip;'  
'How are  you, old chap?' Simon asked.  
'In rather a jam, actually&hellip;'  
'No money, Henry,' Simon said firmly.  
'But, this is urgent&hellip;'  
'I'm sure it is but no. Goodbye, old chap,' Simon said before hanging up.  
Henry was so desperate he even rang an ex-girlfriend.  
'Grace, this is Henry&hellip;'  
'Sod off!'  
'Please! Don't hang up. I need help.'  
'Oh?' Despite herself, Grace Ryder was interested, 'are you in trouble?'  
'Yes.'  
'Big trouble?'  
'Good!' Grace snapped and for a moment, he thought she was going to hang
  up.  
'Grace! Please! I need money, quite a lot of money actually and if I don't
  get it, this thug is going to start chopping my fingers off with a cleaver.'  
'How terrible,' Grace said and Henry wondered if he heard a giggle. 'It will  be
  rather difficult for you to wank.'  
'Grace!'  
'You walked out on me, Henry,' she hissed, 'nobody walks out on me! If I
  had a meat cleaver, your fingers wouldn't be the only thing I'd chop off!'  
'Grace, please.'  
'I'd need a pair of tweezers to hold it though,' Grace said maliciously.  
'This is bloody serious!'  
'I know,' Grace said calmly and hung up.  
Henry starred sorrowfully at the phone as he replaced the receiver. He had
  only one other person to ask.  
~~~   
'Virginia, this is Henry&hellip;'  
'Really? And what do I owe this immense pleasure to?'  
Henry could hear the dislike vibrating down the telephone line but pushed
  on. 'Virginia, I need help&hellip;'  
'That's the reason for your telephone call? Your first call since you walked
  out? When was that now, seven months ago?' Virginia added in a sarcastic voice.  
'Virginia, you know we were having problems&hellip;'  
'You were having women, that was the problem! And gambling! I gave you an
  ultimatum and you chose to leave rather than stop your foolishness!'  
'Please, Virginia, can we talk? I really am in trouble.'  
There was a pause and Henry waited anxiously. 'Come round at seven. I can
  spare you thirty minutes before I leave for a concert.'  
The call ended with an emphatic click and Henry wondered who she was going
  to the concert with.  
~~~   
'Come in,' Virginia said after she opened the door and Henry followed her
  into the house. He had lived in this luxurious house with Virginia for the
  entire five months they had been together. It was her  house,
  furnished with her belongings and resonated with restrained wealth.  
That of course was one of the reasons Henry gambled, a foolish attempt to
  somehow gain as much wealth as his famous and imposing wife. She was beautiful
  in a haughty Princess Diana way and far too intelligent for Henry, most of
  the time she made him feel a complete fool but they had  been
  attracted to each other.  
He was sure that marrying him was the only spontaneous thing Virginia Langley
  had ever done. Every other action in her life was planned and controlled in
  a methodical and premeditated way that was a little cold.  
'Sit down,' Virginia said, indicating a sofa in the drawing room while she
  sat opposite. 'Explain,' she said calmly.  
This was the moment Henry had rehearsed silently over and over again ever
  since Virginia had agreed to see him. She was dressed in a black cocktail dress,
  her legs shimmering in black nylon and her long blonde hair hung loosely to
  her shoulders. Her face was calm and expressionless, almost as if she was in
  court and about to interrogate a witness.  
'I'm in a spot of bother, actually,' he said with a sheepish grin. 'I owe
  money&hellip;'  
'As usual.'  
'Not usually as much as this. A chap has taken over my debts&hellip;'  
'Why on earth would he do that?'  
Henry shrugged, he hadn't really wondered as he was not concerned with things
  he didn't fully understand and had no real desire to learn. 'I don't know but
  he has and he's rather a frightful chap.'  
'Frightful?' Virginia raised an eyebrow and then glanced at her diamond watch.  
'Yes,' Henry said with a wan smile.  
'What do you mean, frightful  ?'  
'He's threatened to do things to me&hellip;'  
'What sort of things? Bankruptcy? Debtors court?'  
'No.' Henry cleared his throat. 'He's said he's going to chop my fingers
  off, one by one until I pay&hellip;'  
'That's terrible! You should go to the police.'  
'And prove what? There's no witnesses and he would just hurt me.'  
'How much money?'  
Henry glanced down at the floor. 'Over twenty five thousand pounds.'  
Virginia smiled thinly. Beverly said it was almost twenty three
      thousand,  she thought, so like him to round it up
      so he could get some more money to gamble with. He must think I'm a fool!   
Henry watched her hopefully, wondering if she would help him.  
'I suppose you'll have to borrow the money,' Virginia said calmly, glancing
  at her watch.  
'I can't! Who would lend me money?'  
'Who indeed,' Virginia said dryly.  
'I need your help, Ginny,' he pleaded, using the pet name he had called her
  when they had been courting.  
'And why should I assist you? You had sexual affairs immediately following
  our honeymoon! You gambled with my money! Why should I help the man who humiliated
  me in front of my family and friends?' Virginia said all of that in a flat
  and calm voice that was, Henry thought, so cold. His heart fell when she casually
  glanced at her watch again.  
'I have no one else to turn to&hellip;' he murmured.  
'Sell something.'  
'I have nothing to sell. I've sold the car&hellip;'  
' My  car?'  
'Yes,' he admitted shamefaced.  
'I see.' Silence and he felt her cold eyes on him. 'Find something else to
  sell.'  
'What?' he cried out. 'What have I got left?'  
'I have no idea or interest.'  
'Please, Ginny, I don't have anything!'  
'You do have one  thing.'  
'What? I have nothing, it's all gone. What do I have left?'  
She watched him calmly and smiled. 'You.'  
'Me?'  
'Sell yourself.'  
'Sell&hellip;' Astonished he stared at her, mouth gaping. 'What do you mean?'
  he asked at last.  
'Sell yourself, sell your services, your labour.'  
'You mean&hellip;work?'  
'Yes. I know you have never worked in your life but this may be an opportunity
  to start,' she said in a flat voice, dripping with sarcasm.  
'But I wouldn't get the money, no job would pay me that much straight away&hellip;'  
'I'll pay you that much in return for your labour.'  
'You!'  
'You'll work for me for a fixed period and I'll give you the money in advance.'  
He settled back and smiled. It was going to be all right. She'd
      give him the money, he'd pay off Butterworth and vanish. She didn't really
      think he was going to work for her, did she? The stupid bitch  !  
'That would be super. I'll work really hard to repay you.'  
Virginia stood and smiled thinly. 'You won't need to repay me.'  
He also stood as she led the way to the door. 'When will you give me the
  money?'  
'When you sign the contract. I'll draw the papers up tomorrow.'  
'Contract?'  
'Of course. Be at my office at two tomorrow afternoon. Goodnight.'  
The door closed behind him and relief surged through him. He was
      getting the money! Everything was going to be all right!   
Whistling, he walked down the street, hands dug deep into his trouser pockets
  and smiling, Henry Walker felt like he had just escaped prison.  
 
    
www.cafeboudoir.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





