BDSM Library - A Visit from Daddy




A Visit from Daddy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: While mother is away at the sanitarium indulging her masochistic tendencies, she ships slave "daddy" to her daughter for a visit. The letters from the daughter as well as photographs sent from the sanitarium chronicle the goings on that occur in both places as daughter and her friends seek to severely modify daddy's sexual behavior and mother seeks to lose a significant portion of her body weight.
				A Visit from Daddy


								August 14, 2004										
Mommy Dearest

	Daddy arrived safe and sound this morning, right on schedule. There was
still an hour left on his oxygen supply by the time we got him uncrated.
Naturally Mistress Monica, that naughty scamp, insisted on turning off the
oxygen supply to give him a thrill before getting him out of his rubber
traveling suit. We were all amazed, and in some cases quite jealous of daddy's
new breasts. I just know we are going to so enjoy playing with them while he's
with us. Jessica, the new light of my life and currently the sole occupant of my
bed these days, is quite taken aback at the fact that he has a fully functional
penis and is resolved to see what she can do to rectify this situation while he
is under our care. Don't fear my dear one, he will suffer no permanent damage
while he is with us, but be assured that his private parts and portals will be
thoroughly exercised by my invited guests, and well as myself. I still have a
number of issues to work through when it comes to my dear old daddy.

 	I realize that you will be incommunicado during his stay with us and
trust that your time spent at the sanitarium will be productive despite my
concern about the amount of weight they plan to work off your body. As it is,
you're just skin and bones, delightfully ephemeral I must admit, but so close to
utter perfection that it is possible that the recommended treatments may degrade
rather than enhance your physical persona. I much appreciate you sharing your
experiences through the photographs that the sanitarium will e-mail to me.

	Well, it has been a busy first day; getting daddy settled, introducing
him to his new playmates, and establishing the ground rules that he must obey
while under my care. He has already gotten a taste of what it means to break any
of the rules or disobey any of the people who will be assisting me in making his
visit a most memorable occasion for all concerned. I extended invitations to
Mistress Monica, who you must meet some day, Jennifer, my current lover, plus my
good friend and former lover, Magda. The Mistress has chosen to bring slave
Bonnie to assist her in daddy's training and discipline, as well as her
Doberman, Bruno, who has already begun to establish a working relationship with
daddy. All the delicious details will soon be forthcoming, I promise.

	I know it is your policy to keep daddy constantly erect and always on
the verge of ejaculating, reserving ejaculation for special occasions only, such
as the anniversaries of my successful conception and birth. I know that the
entire process took place outside of your body using your eggs and his sperm and
then a third party to carry me to term. I know that his penis has never been
inside you and that you are as dedicated to the Sapphic life as I am, but I
still cannot accept the idea that he can parade his grotesque member before my
eyes without suffering the consequences.

	Since he will be under my care until you are able to return home from
your therapy session, I shall do all that I can, short of castration, to make
him regret ever having encountered either you or I. It is my intention, one that
is already being carried out by slave Bonnie and my devoted friends, to make him
realize how abhorrent the act of ejaculation is to most members of the superior
sex. If my plan works he will return to you implanted with the idea that the act
of ejaculation can only be associated with terrible pain. He will still be
functional, which is your desire, but the mere act of developing an erection
will instill horrible fear and mental anguish within him, a fitting punishment
for the misery he has caused me as I grew and matured.

	Even as I write this, slave Bonnie, who has been carefully schooled by
the Mistress to be a world-class fellatrice or whatever the polite word for
cocksucker is, is plying her trade on daddy. The poor deluded man probably
thinks he is in heaven at about this point. I wonder how long it will take him
to realize that he's closer to hell? I guess I'll have to finish this mail a bit
later since Mistress Monica insists that I see what kind of mischief she has
gotten poor daddy into now.



								August 17, 2004
Mommy Dearest


	You must forgive me for being so impolite, but things are moving much
more rapidly than I had anticipated. There is much to report, so this brief
apology is all I can afford to provide. I hope you understand. Based on the
photographs that were transmitted to me this morning, it appears that you have a
great deal of time to ponder many things. I would imagine being stark naked and
hanging by one's wrists in a refrigerated room with weights attached to your
ankles for an eight hour period would be a tedious experience for an
intellectually gifted person such as yourself. I must admit that you look
scrumptious in that forced pose. I would love to have the chance to run my
tongue up your ribcage and nuzzle your armpits until you began sweating, if such
a thing were possible at those cold temperatures. We must be sure to do
something of the kind during my next visit. Now to the fun stuff.

	As they say in the tabloids, daddy and Bruno are an item. Their first
date was a great success despite the knot that Bruno developed upon depositing
his semen deep into daddy's well-stretched rectum. After decoupling, Bruno was
treated to a passionate blowjob from slave Bonnie, and once again he and dad
cemented their budding relationship to the delight of all those of us who
witnessed this joyful occasion. To make matters even more interesting, slave
Bonnie got busy and managed to bring dad off at the same time as Bruno sprayed
his load of doggy love into him. Slave Bonnie knows her trade well. Hopefully
she will pass along some of her wisdom to dad so he and Bruno can enjoy each
other without any outside assistance.

	Despite the best efforts of all concerned, dad has frequently gotten
himself into trouble. He has been over the knees of all of us more than once.
He's graduated from hand spanking, to modified ping-pong paddles that allow a
considerable amount of speed to be generated, to his current treatments that
involve use of the heavy wooden plank that takes two hands to properly wield
except in the case of the athletic Magda. When the plank is used, dad is cuffed
with his hands anchored to the leather strap he now wears around his neck. We
bend him over the arm of one of the overstuffed chairs that guard the fireplace
and have at him. He knows that if he attempts to raise off the chair his
punishment is only lengthened and he is then secured with straps to keep him in
position while we disciplne him. Currently his bottom is a kaleidoscope of color
ranging from soft reds to vivid and livid areas of purple and black. Although
his hindquarters are now so swollen that it effects his gait, his skin is still
unbroken. This will change quickly unless he quickly exhibits a significant
change in attitude.

	We are in unanimous agreement that you have trained dad well when it
comes to pleasuring members of the superior sex. Even Mistress Monica who is
usually most difficult to adequately satisfy has grudgingly admitted that his
tongue does seem adequate, high praise indeed from her. We have kept him busy at
this task since it is one he can perform to our satisfaction. Unfortunately he
still fails to meet our standards in other activities. I fear that Magda is on
the verge of retrieving her favorite cane from her automobile and laying into
him with it. You should realize that Magda is nearly 6 feet tall and weighs in
at 155 pounds stripped, a delicious sight that I have had the pleasure of
witnessing on more than one occasion.




								August 21, 2004
Mommy Dearest

	What an interesting coincidence; you and daddy both seem to be into
things watery these days. I am truly astonished that your girth could have been
increased to that point without  actually impregnating you with triplets and
having you carry them well beyond a normal term. Wouldn't that make a wonderful
nightmare!

	We are all having a marvelous time fantasizing about what we might do to
you while you were in such a precarious situation. Naturally Magda would beat
whatever you were carrying until it gave up its hold; that is her answer to most
issues that she confronts. Jennifer would take a more gentle approach, enticing
whatever it is from your body with love, tenderness and plenty of tongue. This
is one reason why she is the only soul occupying my bed these days. I could just
eat her up at times. In a matter of speaking I guess that is exactly what I do
almost every night when we are tucked in and alone. Mistress Monica reserves
comment, but I have seen her fingers brushing across those pictures while her
breathing increases in frequency and depth, a sure sign that they are evoking
some exciting memories for her.

	I also choose to refrain from exhibiting my true feelings about what I
might do if I found myself in charge of you under these conditions. However I
must confess that even penning these few words have made me a bit more than damp
in certain portions of my anatomy. I will say no more of this matter until we
are reunited in the future.

	Daddy continues to have difficulty adjusting to the new environment and
its inhabitants. He has managed to enrage Magda to levels of violence that I
consider to be intolerable, and I have so informed her. In the past twenty-four
hours she has used the cane on him not once, but twice. His hindquarters are
currently a mass of welts and blistered flesh that still bleed in certain
regions where welts have crossed. Bad enough to give him twenty of the best, but
in less than a day to follow this up with an additional twenty to the same area
is not acceptable in most circles. To her credit she is contrite, but still
adamant that daddy must be brought under control quickly so that he may be
reprogrammed, a process that can be quite lengthy even under the most ideal
circumstances.

	It was Jennifer that introduced daddy to the joys of water sports. This
has made me happy for a number of reasons. I am delighted to see Jennifer begin
to interact with my friends and take her new responsibilities seriously
vis-a-vis daddy's disciplining. I am also very encouraged that our budding
relationship now may last long enough for it to come to full flowering. This
young lady has the potential to make your jaded daughter very happy, and I am
confident that when you two meet you will agree that my feelings in this matter
are true.

	This very morning Jennifer announced to daddy that henceforth he was to
become her private urinal for as long as he stayed here. She then marched him
into the bathroom and made him glue his mouth to her immaculate vulva. She
proceeded to have him swallow her first urine of the day, a copious amount of
very strong tasting fluid. I have had the opportunity of sampling her
delightfully bedaubed pubes after she has relieved herself first thing in the
morning. This is not to imply that I too am addicted to this particular kinky
behavior, but rather I am more inclined to other activities involving her vulva
and my tongue.

	Afterwards slave Bonnie and Bruno had a lengthy session with daddy.
Bruno managed to enjoy daddy's anus four times. That animal's ability to
recuperate so quickly after spending is amazing. I can certainly appreciate why
Mistress Monica has kept him with her so long. Bonnie peformed her duties to her
usual high standards as well. She applied her suctioning mouth and knowing
tongue to his private parts almost constantly, causing him to ejaculate three
times in a little over an hour ad a half; a rather amazing preformance
considering his debilitated state thanks to Magda's over exuberance in using
coporal punishment to discipline him.

	Speaking of my violence prone friend, she has promised to vary her
approach to his discipline and I have been invited to witness her session with
him that is scheduled to begin within minutes. For this reason I must take my
leave and end this missive. I trust that more photographic evidence of your
adventures  will be forthcoming in the very near future. Until then I wish you
well on your journey to wellness through physical challenges.


					(To be continued)




					A Visit from Daddy


								August 27, 2004

Dearest Mommy

	I must say that this batch of pictures is certainly eye-opening, or
perhaps eye-popping would be a more appropriate description. I didn't know you
had any Finnish blood in you. What else can I conclude based on those birching
marks after your ice bath which proceeded that three hour stay in the sauna. I
must say you looked positively scrumptious all covered with sweat, or should I
say perspiration, and that pool of fluid beneath the bench to which you were
bound certainly proves that you had been occupying that hot box for some time. I
do hope they are taking good care of you. It would be tragic if these rather
stressful exercises caused you to develop pneumonia or some other malady that
would interfere with your full recovery from these rather arduous ordeals.
Considering that you are 1.65 m and weighed only 50 kg before this latest visit
to the "fat farm", I must once again caution you about overdoing this desire for
freedom from the flesh.

	Things here have taken on a strange twist. I feel as if I am now sharing
my home with a group of strangers; it has become that different. Daddy may be
the only constant which is even stranger to report. Mistress Monica has begun to
display some of the oddest behavior; she appears to be jealous of the growing
relationship developing between daddy, Bruno and Bonnie. Yes, they appear to be
forming an odd union. The "item" has now become a threesome, existing almost
independently of the rest of us. At first I was rather amused at this
delightfully bizarre animal-slave connection, but as it continues I can now see
the fabric of my relationship with Mistress Monica beginning to fray at the
edges. Only yesterday I discovered her diligently applying the cane to daddy's
bottom while Magda looked on and shamelessly masturbated in his presence. I do
not know what to make of this odd behavior, but it is most troubling.

	Speaking of Magda, she was changed considerably as well. As I mentioned
in my previous missive, she was going to demonstrate a new approach for
controlling daddy's rather unsettling sexual urges. Initially it proved to be
most successful and we were all delighted at her approach.

	She had inserted a very small metal ball into daddy's rectum,
positioning it so that it came in contact with his prostate. To prevent unwanted
movement or expulsion, she used a custom designed butt plug to assure the
integrity of the connection between the ball and his prostate. The ball could be
activated by means of a hand-held remote controller. In this way daddy's
erections could be either induced or supressed depending on what signals were
given. The ball was capable of either vibrating at various frequencies or
delivering a rather substantial  electrical shock.

	She gave us a brillant demonstration of its effectiveness. First she
stimulated daddy's prostate causing him to have a strong erection. Within a few
minutes his sex organ began to twitch and precum started oozing from its head.
Next, she made the ball deliver a very powerful electric shock to his prostate.
His erection quickly subsided. She then proceeded to repeat the process, only
this time she shocked daddy's prostate while he was having a very powerful
ejaculation which was being deposited in slave Bonnie's mouth. Being cut off in
mid-flight,so to speak, proved to be a very unsettling experience for him.

	For the next few days daddy was put through his paces from morning until
night. Magda, Mistress Monica and even Jennifer took turns controlling his
erections and causing him all manner of discomfort. The little ball was capable
of vibrating for over ten hours before needing to be recharged. You can imagine
the fun the ladies had forcing daddy to stay totally erect and on the verge of
ejaculation for hours on end. It became a contest to see who could bring him the
closest to ejaculating, and how long they could keep him in this state.

	I have been sorely tempted to suggest that perhaps having daddy dosed
with those sex enhancement pills as well would further prolong his state of
sexual tension to the point that changes in his personality could now be
considered. We must discuss this at some length one of these days, preferably in
bed after we have gotten reacquainted with each other's body. I wonder how you
will feel and taste once you have been reduced to a mere shadow of your current
gaunt self.

	On the other side of the coin they discovered that he could be made to
ejaculate as often as three times an hour and to sustain this capability for up
to four hours. However this proved to be his absolute limit and in this
particular case he was unable to be stimulated for nearly half a day afterwards.
There is also another entertaining side effect of this treatment. Daddy's
prostate becomes quite swollen after hours of continuous stimulation. This makes
it very difficult for him to pass water and we certainly do nothing to help
matters by forcing him to ingest large quantities of strong coffee during the
day. Once that scamp, Mistress Monica, even went so far as to cap his urethra,
completely stiffling his ability to empty his bladder. She kept him in agony for
the better part of that day.

	On the subject of strong coffee, I am informed that this is part of your
daily regime, but unlike us, your handlers utilize this therapy in conjuction
with powerful diuretics. The coffee plays a dual role in your case, since it
also prevents you from getting much sleep, another way to make you burn
additional calories. Perhaps we should consider this approach for daddy, since
he is beginning to develop the slightest of pot bellies, perhaps due to the
amount of waste products he consumes from Jennifer.

	Jennifer has developed perhaps the strangest behavior of anyone
occupying the house these days. As you know she had turned daddy into her
private toilet. Now things have taken a turn that I consider unhealthful for the
relationship that was developing between the two of us. A few days ago I walked
into the study to discover daddy draped over one of the low benches. He was
being sodomized by Jennifer who was vigorously assaulting his anus with a
strap-on dildo of impressive size.

	I was quite taken aback because to the best of my knowledge Jennifer had
never given any hint of such aggressive behavior to anyone, let along a lowly
slave. I made a hasty retreat and later in the day, discussed this matter with
Magda. According to her, Jennifer had become quite fascinated by the activities
involving daddy and Bruno, and expressed a strong urge to duplicate them in some
way. It was Magda who had introduced Jennifer to the strap-on and demonstrated
how to use it. Jennifer proved to be a quick study and as they say, the rest is
history.

	This letter has rambled on much longer than I had originally planned;
for this I must apologize. I trust that you will not allow yurself to be
overused or abused by those involved in your therapy, and look forward to more
of those charming and most stimulating photographs that I have been receiving.



								August 31, 2004


Dearest Mommy

	These latest pictures are quite a revelation to put it mildly. Once more
it seems that your activities are mirroring those of daddy, how very odd! I am
aware from personal experience that bedroom activities do cause one to burn more
calories, but I never imagined that anyone would dream of attempting to harness
this powerful life force for such a pedestrian objective.  All those wires, and
that awful table to which you are strapped certainly do not show that gaunt body
of yours to its best advantage. Personally I prefer you to be stretched to the
point that even in candle light I can easily count your ribs and under good
light trace most of those spidery veins and such that lurk beneath your papery,
and oh so pale skin. They claim that in a three hour session they can cause you
to have over forty orgasms. That seems to be gilding the lily a bit if you ask
me. Do you keep count or are you too busy enjoying yourself?

	I really hope that this therapy activity of yours doesn't drag on much
longer, since things between daddy and myself are near the breaking point. As
you probably have surmised from my letters, there has been relatively little
contact of any sort between your slave and myself. However he has proved to be
quite disruptive when it comes to causing friction between me and my dear
friends, especially Jennifer who means much more to me than you may realize. I
have made the decision to confront daddy and bend him to my will no matter what
the cost to him. In point of fact I have already initiated the first steps in
properly disciplining him, and they do involve the most direct type of contact
between your slave and myself.

	As of this morning his grotesque appendage has been effectively
shrouded. With the assistance of Jennifer and Magda, his member was capped and
then sheathed in a doubled-walled condom which had been liberally filled with an
unguent used to relieve inflamation in the muscles of large animals such as
horses and the like. It clearly states that it should not be used on humans due
to the likelihood of blistering of the skin. We will see how accurate that
warning is when his member is released from the condom in order that he may
empty his bladder.

	 While daddy is capped he will be made to drink copious amounts of
coffee to increase his urine production. This will also serve to provide an
enticing target, his bulging belly, when Magda or Miss Monica use the cane on
him. For now I will allow him to void every six hours, but with each passing day
he will have to stay capped for a longer period, which I will determine based on
his physical condition.

	 It is my understanding that the average bladder can hold perhaps a pint
of urine; after that his wastes will back up into his body, ultimately causing a
serious long term medical issue. I would hope that this fact will incentivize
you to cut short your therapy and take him back into your home.

	As I mentioned, Mistress Monica will join Magda in caning him each time
that he is freed to void. They will determine who will take which shift. He is
to receive ten of the best on an area or areas of their choice during each
session. No area of the slave's body is exempt from this punishment, and I do
mean no area. She and Magda will also share the responsibilities for Bonnie and
Bruno, who are expected to participate as they are able. I do believe that
Bonnie will be presenting her vulva for his tonguing quite frequently during the
day, in lieu of her normal services which will be severely truncated due to this
new regimen.

	Jennifer of course will continue to use him as her private toilet, and
has been urged to increase the frequency with which she sodomizes him. I have
suggested that she utilize the unguent as an integral part of her sessions with
slave daddy. As she is sodomizing him, it can be infused into his rectal area
which should produce some interesting effects.

	Finally Magda has been given carte blanche to utilize her technique for
controlling erections. She is curious how he will deal with attempting to
ejaculate when his exit port is capped. I too am curious as to what effect it
will have on your slave. I will make no apology for what I do to protect my home
and friends from the baleful influence of "daddy". I look forward to a
resolution of this situation at your earliest convenince. However, be advised I
will continue my regimen until either you agree to have him returned to your
home or he becomes irrevocably damaged.




				   A Visit from Daddy


							 September 4, 2004

Dearest Mommy


	I had expected a more timely response to my previous missive, but as the
latest pictures show, you still seem to be bent on abusing that marvelous body
to extremes. Once again you and your slave seem to be living parallel paths.
Liposuction for you, how can that be? What can those ghastly hoses and pumps be
removing from beneath your skin? I am also appalled to discover that you are
undergoing a high colonic procedure daily. For what earthly purpose can this be?
Of course that is a rhetorical question my dear parent, I do know how much you
enjoy having those quirky itches of yours scratched.

	However I must once more caution you about giving up to things
excessive, especially when it comes to those birching sessions which now seem to
be doing more harm than good. How can they be improving your blood circulation
when I have photographic evidence that they are opening your veins and draining
away your vital fluids. I do fear that you are going to come to a bad end if you
continue this crusade to rid yourself of flesh.

	So much for my concern for you. Now let me bring you up to date on how I
am progressing with daddy. The next time you see your slave it will have lost
most of its feminine attributes. The slave is now receiving daily injections of
a testosterone compound that to date has already shown signs of enhancing its
baser characteristics.

	In addition its breasts have been reduced in size from a robust 39D to
37B thanks to the efforts of Mistress Monica and Magda. Those two really are
working well together at this task. Every day Magda spends two hours using a
modified breast pump on the slave, who must be restrained since this process is
rather painful. Initially Mistress Monica came up with the idea of causing the
slave's breasts to become so large that they would be a constant source of
discomfort from their size, and pain due to the nature of the process used to
enhance their growth.

	She began to give the slave injections of a compound consisting of bee
venom and nettle oil. These were delivered through the nipples, a most painful
procedure. Initially its breasts swelled to 44 DD after a single day. It was
then that Magda got the bright idea of pumping the swollen tissue to remove most
of the fluid, thus causing a significant reduction in volume. After a few trials
they came upon a procedure that seems to be constantly reducing the volume of
its breasts.

	On another front (I think I just made a pun), injecting the slave's
testicles has made them grow to enormous size. They are so large that they
dangle beneath its belly, making a tempting target for whatever mischief can be
devised by the ladies. Jennifer has surprised us all no end by her fascination
with its enhanced genitals. I will say more about this later. I know you will
not be surprised to know that Magda and Mistress Monica have taken the next
logical step. Its most annoying characteristic, the main appendage as Jennifer
describes this protuberance, is now being treated with the same compound with
astonishing results.

	It is gigantic! Slave Bonnie cannot get it into her mouth, so she has
been reduced to licking or stroking it (using both hands) in order to harden it
for punishment. On the other hand Magda had the bright idea of rubbing the tip
with meat drippings and then turning Bruno loose on it. That animal can lap away
on daddy's "appendage" by the hour. It does not seem to enjoy this treatment
based on its screams and moans. It is to the point that we must gag your slave
before letting Bruno go at it.

	For some odd reason Jennifer seems to be threatened by the slave's
hideous growth and has taken some drastic steps to defend herself. With help
from slave Bonnie they are able to strap its grotesque length of swollen flesh
down to a table which it stands before. The slave is securely restrained and
gagged. She then pummels it with all manner of implements, never seeming to
employ the same weapon twice in any given day.

	I have witnessed her beating its length with a rubber truncheon until it
was so swollen from the harsh blows that the straps holding it in position
disappeared into its flesh. Magda claims that Jennifer frequently borrows her
cane and uses it on the slave's appendage. I have noticed her bringing in
bundles of switches, fresh cut from the garden. Mistress Monica has seen her
using a length of heavy cable to flatten it from tip to base.

	I have ordered that the slave be catheterized so that it can empty its
bladder on occasion. Currently it is allowed to relieve itself every ten hours.
Jennifer insists that the slave consume its own liquid wastes as further
punishment. Magda enjoys caning its bulging belly once this has been
accomplished. The slave should be very thankful that Magda takes such as
interest in its welfare. Left in its bloated condition it would surely develop a
bladder or kidney infection that might prove fatal. Yes mother, "fatal", as in
deceased, dead, removed from this mortal coil, or any other descriptor that you
might want to employ.

	I do so wish that you would focus yourself on the matter of your slave
and provide me with some information concerning how you wish me to dispose of
it. I cannot allow it to remain here much longer. Not only has it interfered
with my orderly existence and begun to damage the psyches of certain members of
my inner circle, it is now in jeopardy of losing its life as a result of your
indecision. Your prompt attention to this matter is absolutely necessary.




						September 6, 2004



Dearest Mommy


	The dreadful news I received today from your physician concerning your
failing health is not unexpected. The accompanying photographs did little to
comfort me. It was total folly to have major sugery in your weakened condition.
It is absurd to have your stomach stapled! What were you thinking? Perhaps it
might be better to chastise your medical advisor for approving such a dangerous
procedure considering your terribly debilitated condition. Then to I am told
that in addition to this uncalled for operation, they performed it without the
benefit of anesthetic! Mother, what were you thinking? We are all quite saddened
at what has occurred. I do wish you a speedy recovery, and be advised that daddy
will not suffer the consequences of your selfish behavior until you are
recovered to the point that you are capable of making rational decisions.




						September 13, 2004


Dearest Mommy

	I am delighted that you are making such progress in regaining her health
and equilibrium. I do however caution you about employing those artificial means
of inducing sexual euphoria as an alternative to the standard pain killing
drugs. I fear I am talking to the wind; you have always been beyond the pale in
everythng that you do. Why should I be surprised?

	I thought you might be amused to hear about the progress we have been
making in converting daddy into Daddy. He has taken to the testosterone
treatments like a duck to water. His organ is constantly in a state of erection.
Its size is awesome. Yesterday Magda measured it to be nearly 30 centimeters in
length, with a girth of 23 centimeters. The ladies continue to give the slave's
genitals daily injections of the swelling fluid, although I suspect that this is
done more for the pain it causes, rather than to sustain its immense size.

	The situation with Jennifer becomes more curious with each passing day.
She seems to delight in causing the creature's appendage to leak a steady stream
of fluid from its tip. I have seen her spend hours teasing the bulbous tip with
a feather, collecting its drippings in a glass until it is full. No one knows
what becomes of this. I do have my suspicions, but they are too outre to take
seriously.

	Magda canes it every day now, and she shows it no mercy. Its
hindquarters are a mass of pulpy looking raw meat; there is never a chance for
it to begin healing since she spends time on it every day, despite whatever
other area of its body she is concentrating on. Jennifer, my dear sweet
Jennifer, often joins in, taking over once Magda has had her fill, and
blistering its genitals until they begin to ooze this strange substance that she
also collects for some unknown purpose.

	Not being one who kisses and tells, I must however remark that Jennifer
has become quite a handful when we turn in for the evening. I am often exhausted
totally by her demands and the surprising strength she now displays. At times it
can be breathtaking in more ways than one. I am not at all sure I understand all
that is going on within my darling these days. However I find this new behavior
much more acceptable and even enjoyable than when she went through that dark
spell about the time daddy arrived on the scene. Who knows, there may come a
time in the near future when my little darling turns the tables and becomes my
mistress, a delicious prospect in some ways.

	I must close this missive and attend to some pressing business involving
Jennifer and I. She now is insisting that we have a little tryst after she
finishes whatever business she is having with the slave. It is a very strange
time that we all seem to be existing in these days. Please stay the course and
continue to return to the light of good health. As always, I remain your dutiful
daughter who yearns for your physical presence.




								September 19, 2004


Dearest Mommy


	How could you do such a thing! I am in shock that you would be so
foolish as to check yourself out of the hospital in your weakened condition.
Worse still, your decision to enter the monastery of St. Sebastian, dedicated to
prayer and the mortification of the flesh, shows that you are suffering from
some type of mental aberration which requires immediate treatment from a
qualified psychiatrist.

 	I am in contact with your solicitors; Graves, Mordant, Merciless and
Diapsid and they assure me that your current behavior does not easily lend
itself to being defended in a court of law. I fear that unless you renounce your
foolish decision and agree to suitable treatment for your physical disabilities
as well as your off-kilter mental state, I will have to force the issue through
the courts.




								September 24, 2004



Dearest Mommy


	I have just been informed that you have dismissed your solicitors who
have represented our family for three generations. I am appalled at your
capricious behavior, and take it as yet another sign that you have retreated
from reality. The fact that you have placed your estate and other holdings into
a trust that will be administered by the Sisters of Martyrdom is more evidence
that your mental faculties have deteriorated to the point that the court must
appoint a guardian to care for not only your holdings, but your person as well.
Naturally I have taken steps to be made that guardian. You should be served a
subpoena to appear in court within a day of receiving this missive. I regret
this action, but I must look out for the rights of our entire family, rather
than the one member who seems bent on destroying the hard work and efforts of
five generations of dedicated souls.



								December 20, 2004



Dearest Mommy


	I do so regret having to commit you to the sanitarium, but as I warned
you in a previous missive, the type of behavior you exhibited left me no
recourse. As per my instructions they are sending me weekly reports on your
treatment as well as how you appear to be responding to it. I am also receiving
photographs showing you undergoing the various procedures that they recommend.

	The feeding tube is a drastic but necessary step in order to sustain
your strength as you go through your therapy. The doctors tell me that you have
been a less than obedient patient and therefore are being disciplined by the
nursing staff. I certainy support this action and must confess that I am amused
that one of your punishments for disobeying sanitarium rules is a doubling of
the amount of gruel you ingest via the feeding tube. I did so enjoy the
photograph of your rounded belly after one of those double feedings. I also like
the fact that you are being restrained in a strait jacket as well as having your
ankles manacled to the bed frame, since you are not to be trusted at this stage
in your rehabilitation. I realize that it must be quite uncomfortable to sleep
on nothing but a thin mattress and a rubber sheet and to have a catheter
permanently installed in you until you are well enough to be discharged, but
this is the price one must pay for loosing control.

	It is my understanding that you are receiving daily electroshock
treatments in hopes of accelerating your recovery. I realize that this is a most
drastic approach to regaining your mental equilibrium, but since I had to
approve it, be advised that many hours of agonizing deliberation were spent
before I made the decision to press forward with this treatment. I am told that
to date you are showing no improvement, but I have urged them to continue to
increase the voltage they employ in hopes that a breakthrough will be achieved
before your mind is permanently damaged. I would greatly regret such an event,
but will assume responsibility and take the risk.




								December 26, 2004


Dearest Mommy


	I trust you enjoyed your little Christmas present from me, that bottle
of champagne. I am sorry that it had to be admistered by means of an enema.
According to the report I have just received you had a most difficult time
absorbing it into your rather weakened system, but you must realize that it is
the thought that counts. I also am told that you continue to be a source of
irritation to your nurses and that they are elevating the degree of punishment
that you now are receiving; I heartily approve of their actions. Further
increasing the amount of gruel you receive is an excellent method of punishing
you both psychologically as well as physically, knowing your abhorrence towards
food.

	It is most enlightenng to observe how the nurses approach disciplining
you. Nothing that they are doing is causing any permanent damage to your body,
but they do appear to be rather vexing to one like yourself who wants to be
totally in control of things. I can imagine the fright and dismay it must cause
you when they shut off your catheter thus preventing your bladder from emptying.
I do so like the idea of forcing you to ingest their urine in return for having
the catheter reopened. As for those speculums now stretching your two nether
orifices, that is a reminder of just how vulnerable a woman's body is when
discomfort or pain is the objective. It is my understanding that they can be
enlarged to a dramatically increased size if it is done gradually over a long
period of time. I am most intrigued to see how much greater your openings will
have become in another week or so.

	You are proving quite resistant to the electroshock treatment and it has
been recommended to me that this procedure be terminated in the interests of
retaining the potential for a full recovery of your higher level brain
functions. I must bow to those possessing superior knowledge in this field than
myself.

	You must be wondering what has happened to daddy in the interim; at
least I hope you do still care about this poor creature. I will give you a
detailed description of the amazing things that have been happening over the
past three months between it and my inner circle, as well as the astonishing
changes in its physical appearance. That reminds me, beginning in a few days a
new component will be included in what you are receiving through the feeding
tube. It is a manifestation of one of the significant changes that has occurred
in daddy. I do so hope that it will act as a stimulus to encourage you to seek a
speedy recovery.



								January 13, 2005



Dearest Mommy


	This missive has been deliberately delayed so that you can have
sufficient time to realize that the new component being fed to you has some
fantastic properties. The picture showing your nether orifices being widened by
the very fine adjustments that the nurses are making to the speculums are proof
that your body is changing. You must have noticed the improvements in the
condition of your skin, as well as the fact that your eyesight has marked
improved. However to me, the observation that your vagina is so tight that it
nearly impossible to force it to the yielding pointis is proof positive that you
are truly recovering your youth. For all these things you must thank your
devoted slave, daddy.

	Let me begin this explanation by recalling my letter of the 4th of
September 2004, in which I described some of the strange changes that Magda and
Mistress Monica had created in daddy. I also recall sharing my concern with you
over the odd behavior of Jennifer who seemed to be turning into a stranger.
Worse still she appeared to be developing a rather obsessive relationship with
your slave to the detriment of our romantic attachment. The situation began to
quickly deteriorate and this was the reason for my insistence that you take
steps to allow me to return your slave to its rightful owner since its presence
was becoming an inimical force,tearing apart my happy home and the circle of
close friends that were sheltered here.

	It was Jennifer who finally revealed the miraculous power that daddy
possessed. I had begun to notice changes in Jennifer's body that could not be
explained rationally. The young woman's breasts began to shrink in size; I had
intimate knowledge of those pert beauties and they no longer fit properly when I
caressed or squeezed them. Even more amazing her labia began to narrow and
change color while it became more and more difficult to insert my toys into her
vagina. These changes seemed to accelerate with time until I felt almost
embarrassed to be bedding this child-like woman. I discussed the matter with my
two intimates and both confirmed not only Jennifer's strange behavior with
respect to your slave, but the fact that she appeared to be getting younger.

	In parallel with these goings-on, daddy was undergoing a metamorphosis
of its own. It was equally dramatic and just as unexplainable. Its genitalia had
grown to enormous size. Its appendage was measured to be forty centimeters in
length; at this point it was in a perpetual state of erection. Its girth was a
stupendous forty centimeters around. Neither slave Bonnie nor Bruno would come
near the creature; the poor animal would cower in fear if it spied daddy in the
vicinity. Bonnie was more frustrated than anything else, since she was unable to
perform the type of service on this misshapen creature that she was trained for.
Its testicles became so large and heavy that the creature was no longer able to
walk. Mistress Monica noticed that it was taking more and more power to control
its prostate which upon examination was shown to be much more dense and
significantly less sensitve to stimulation.

	It was Magda who came up with the thought that perhaps Jennifer's odd
behavior and the creature's strange metamorphosis might be somehow connected.
She was proven to be absolutely correct. We all had been quite taken aback by
the aggressive approach Jennifer was taking with daddy, totally out of character
for her. Magda had been reporting that she was spending an inordinate amount of
time punishing the creature's appendage and testicles with all manner of
implements. We also were aware that she was deliberately causing the creature to
provide substantial quantities of a clear fluid that would issue from it if its
appendage was deliberately irritated. I do believe I may have mentioned these
facts to you as well, but things have progressed at such a pace that I am unable
to keep them in the correct sequence.

	My story will have to be continued at a later time since the creature is
demanding that we service it, as we must in order to derive from it that which
we have grown to require. Please be patient with your daughter who still holds
you in the highest esteem and looks forward to a time when we may rekindle what
we once had.




					A Visit from Daddy


					    Chapter 5



								January 21, 2005

Dearest Mommy



	I am told you have become quite the scamp these days. It must be all
that wonderful stuff that you are receiving through your feeding tube. For shame
on you! I am told you are now trying to seduce some of the younger and more
attractive nurses who see to your care. I do believe that you are overdosing on
youth, a very dangerous characteristic for one of your years. What next, one of
those male orderlies that assist the nurses when they must change your sheets or
give you a sponge bath? Which parts of your naked body do they get to sponge or
rub dry?

	I must say that the latest pictures do show you to be positively radiant
despite the fact that your bare belly appears to be growing rounder with each
set of pictures that I receive. I also cannot resist commenting on the condition
of your widening orifices which are obviously yielding quite easily now that
your flesh has had some of its elasticity restored.

	As for myself, I am well and very happy now that all of us, and that
includes daddy, have reached a type of quid pro quo. Jennifer and I are working
diligently to repair the breach that occurred a few months ago. I spend hours
apologizing to her child-like pubes with devoted tongue and lips as she gives
off those girlish sighs that make me positively drip with desire for her firm
youthful body.

	She is now as smooth and sleek as a seal pup and she tastes sweet and at
the same time salty when I let my tongue roam up and down her hairless form,
stopping like some bee to sample her nectar. She has armpits that are treasure
troves of taste and aroma, constantly changing with every visit that I make.

	Her sweet little toes are delightful to suck; I find myself sometimes
spending hours moving from one delicious foot to the other, and then retracing
my steps to get still another sample of the marvelous scents and flavors that
exist between those enchanting digits. I realize how foolish this may sound to
you, but I am in love, and can offer no other defense for my behavior.

	Now let me get to the heart of the matter, what has been transpiring at
my home. As you probably have already surmised, it all revolves around daddy.
Just so there is no misunderstanding on your part, daddy is the source of your
youth. Your slave is the source of Jennifer's regression to a child-like state,
one based on her free choice, and one which pleases me greatly. Naturally I also
am benefitting from this gift, as are Mistress Monica and Magda, both to a
lesser degree, by their own free choice.

	It was Jennnifer who discovered quite by accident that the mysterious
fluid dripping from daddy's appendage contained some kind of chemical that
created changes in her, resulting in a reversal of the aging process. During one
of her sessions with the creature, now only known to all of us as daddy,
Jennifer came into contact with the material that had just started oozing  from
its appendage. She claims that she immediately washed her hands thoroughly, but
by the next morning the area of skin that had come into contact with this fluid
had changed dramatically. That area was firmer with a subtly different texture
and shade to it.

	Of interest it was at this time that it was noticed by Mistress Monica
that daddy's ejaculations were becoming not only more frequent but the volume of
ejaculate that was being produced also was increasing. Coupled with this, slave
Bonnie began to undergo changes that we were a bit slow in detecting. In her
case she was directly ingesting the material now being produced by daddy. For a
time there were no obvious differences in her physical appearance. In point of
fact we were not paying very much attention to Bonnie, for after all she was
merely a slave, like daddy.

	Meanwhile Jennifer, began to connect the change in her skin to the
material issuing from daddy. The young lady began to experiment, deliberately
allowing this fluid to come into contact with other portions of her skin, her
nails, even her hair. The results were startling. The material seemed to have
the power to increase the strength of her nails and hair and somewhat enhance
their growth. In the case of her skin it was the same as her initial
observation, the areas were firmer and slightly different in shade and texture.

	It was after a day or so of serious thought that Jennifer took the step
that formed the strong bond that immediately developed between her and daddy.
According to Jennifer, it took less than a day for her to realize the
significance of what she had done. Jennifer decided to sample the liquid that
issued from the slave's appendage. One taste was all it took. She described it
as sweet with a very pleasant, soothing finish, much the same as sipping a
liqueur.

	Then the strangest mood came over her; she felt rage towards the slave,
although she knew not what was causing this strong emotion to take control of
her. She searched about the room to find something to use on the slave's
appendage, discovering a broom handle standing in one corner. How such an
implement came to be in her sitting room was a great mystery to her, but she
took it up and began smashing it across the now quite rigid proturberance that
jutted from the slave's loins.  The flow of mystery material now increased
dramatically, spurting onto her clothing as well as the carpet in her room. She
was at first repelled by this occurrence, but then became quite calm, in fact
satisfied, by what she had just done. From that time on those two formed what
could only be described as a symbiotic relationship.

	It is going to be very difficult to avoid sounding like a person
suffering from dementia when I describe the occurrences that soon followed.
Things have changed so much, that there are times that I feel as if I have been
transported to another planet. At this time my emotions are such that it is
necessary to terminate this missive, but I do faithfully promise to continue
this story once I have regained my equilibrium. I would be less than forthright
if I did not reveal  the fact that I have instructed those tending you to cease
adding this substance to your diet until further notice. You will understand the
reason for my instruction once you know all that has happened here.





								
							January 30, 2005



Dearest Mommy


	You have disappointed me tremendously, I am devastated! You richly
deserve the consequences of your behavior. I am informed that you are now on a
quadruple feeding cycle sans the elixir, which is what the staff calls that
special ingredient that you had been receiving. They tell me that you have
gained nearly six pounds in the past week thanks to not only the amount of food
that is being forced into you, but also to the type of food that is now being
used. For your information it is a very high calorie formula especially designed
for those suffering from eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa and the like.
I am told that some claim that this particular formulation also significantly
increases the sex drive of those consuming it for any length of time.

	Thus I am amused to find that your sex drive is also being elevated by
special drugs that are included in your food as well as introduced
intravenously. The photographs of you involved with as many as three attractive
young nurses at the same time are quite entertaining. Even though the speculums
have done an excellent job of opening your orifices, I am still most impressed
by your ability to take a fist in both at the same time.

	Is there any truth to the hint that you might actually be considering
having sexual congress with one of those very well hung orderlies?  That will be
a first that I never would have expected from you. I don't know if I can fully
attribute this sea change in your attitude towards members of the opposite sex
to the elixir, I think not. Considering the fact that you are in a strait jacket
with your private parts totally available, and have ceased to have a special
place in the hearts of your caretakers, how can this decision actually be yours?
Enough of such idle speculation, let me get to what is important, namely how
things have come to be what they are for all concerned.

	As I mentioned previously, daddy was undergoing some significant changes
that manifested themselves in both the frequency and volume of his ejaculations.
Initially Mistress Monica found it messy, rather than threatening. She put slave
Bonnie to work making sure that she ingested daddy's discharges. After a few
days the poor girl was unable to fulfill her responsibilities; she was now
ingesting nearly a liter of his spendings in a day and it was beginning to cause
major changes in her internal organs. We did not understand at the time it was
occurring that such organs as her stomach, lungs and digestive tract were being
reduced in capacity.

	Magda was responding to daddy's metamorphosis in typical fashion, the
firm and frequent application of the cane to the slave's private parts with
emphasis on the appendage. In retrospect it would have been much more effective
to concentrate on the slave's testicles which were the source of the ejaculate.
However in her defense I must mention that daddy had already produced a
significant change in Jennifer's personality vis-a-vis daddy, and most likely
the slave was controlling certain portions of Magda's higher brain functions in
much the same manner.

	Even as I put these words to paper I realize that it must sound like the
utterances of someone who has lost her mind. All I can say is that there are
four of us, not including slave Bonnie, who know full well that daddy has
assumed a new persona by means that are beyond our ability to understand.

	As we now know, the caning acted as a stimulus rather than a deterent to
the further production of this marvelous elixir to which we have in varying
degrees become rather addicted to. It also seemed to accelerate the growth of
daddy's appendage in both length and girth. The larger it became, the more
ejaculate was released. Mistress Monica, who has displayed a stronger will than
the rest of us, decided that the only good way to handle the matter of the
slave's spendings was to force daddy to ingest the ejaculate. At the peak, daddy
was generating between two and three liters per day of this material. We had no
idea about its digestive properties; slave Bonnie had not had sufficient time to
produce enough waste for us to estimate how much her body actually retained.

	I have just reread what I've written and must conclude that there is
such a welter of information contained here, that further efforts to complete my
story of this first phase in daddy's development must be tabled for a future
time. Perhaps in the interim you will have recovered your equilibrium to the
point that I may dare to consider a schedule that will result in our being
reunited.     




					A Visit from Daddy


					     Chapter 6


							February 8, 2005

Dearest Mommy


	I am mortified by what the doctors are telling me concerning your
situation, withdrawal symptoms indeed! How can that be? Personally I think you
are up to your old tricks, and have managed to manipulate those caring for you
these days into gratifying that unholy desire that possesses you concerning your
weight. So, they are now restricting your food intake to one tenth what it had
been before you concocted this fairy tale about suffering deleterious effects
from being deprived of the magic potion issuing from daddy. As the old adage
says, you have made your bed and now you must lie in it.

	From the looks of your vulva you aren't the only one lying in your bed
these days. I am appalled to hear from your caregivers that they are now finding
large amounts of semen within your vagina every morning despite having your room
under surveillance during the night and early morning hours.  I am also informed
that your external sex organs show evidence of having been inordinately
stimulated and abused by the insertion of large objects into your vagina.
Mother, how could you? I cannot accept the fact that my own mother, my dearest
mommy, my confidant, friend and lover, all in one, has lowered herself to be
like those others who allow the male species to have access to their most secret
places.

	We will speak more on this subject of your withdrawal pains, but only
after I have had an opportunity to discuss this matter in great detail with
those responsible for your care. Be advised that my recommendations shall have
significant weight, since as your executor I am now responsible for your
financial obligations. But enough of such crass considerations, let me continue
the story of the strange and sometimes wonderful changes that have taken place
at my home in the past month or so.


	Daddy ingested so much of his spendings that it began to have an effect
on his internal organs as well. However as his physique began to change, it also
became leaner and decidedly more youthful. Mistress Monica, who among us
probably understood the most about the changes caused by daddy's continuous
discharge, began to become concerned by the physical changes that were taking
place. She feared that unless they were checked, he might regress to a state
where he would be unable to provide us with that mysterious fluid that
definitely was restoring our youth. That is why you were receiving some of that
magic fluid, Monica had convinced us that making daddy ingest such massive
quantities would ultimately spell disaster for our supply of this material.

	Monica had also looked into the matter of somehow storing the fluid for
future use, but all her efforts had failed. It seems that there was something in
the material that caused it to lose its potency within days of being collected
despite her best efforts to prevent this. We owe a debt to Jennifer for
developing a simple test that could evaluate his offering. If you recall, it was
she who made the original observations about the change in her skin from coming
in contact with the fluid. We began using slave Bonnie as our test bed and she
proved to be a most accurate forecaster.

	We began to see another change in daddy, that monstrous appendage was
beginning to become smaller. Be advised that "smaller" to daddy is still
enormous in the world of men. Currently he measures approximately 30 cm in
length and the girth has also been reduced proportionately to just over 30 cm,
thus making it still most formidable, but now something that can be considered
for certain activities. I do believe you know of what I speak, considering your
strange behavior. Presently daddy is once more fully mobile and has developed
into something more graceful than the previous version which was quite brutish
in appearance and gait.

	 I will provide more about the startling metamorphosis of daddy in my
next missive. I am sure by the time you receieve it, all issues concerning your
recent aberrant behavior will have been satisfactorily resolved one way or
another.



							February 14, 2005


Dearest Mommy

	
	The mystery has been solved, how nice. To think that the head nurse
herself would be the culprit! I must give you credit for a very wise choice of
co-conspiritor. Who would have imagined that kindly old Nurse Divot would be
your procurer? Even I was taken by surprise when it was discovered that not only
were the orderlies involved, but also the night supervisor of security, who as
we now know was also the paramour of Nurse Divot. I find it fitting that the
head nurse has been demoted and required to take a reduction in salary as a
consequence of her actions. I am also amused to hear that she has been put in
charge of you personally with no questions asked as to what he choses to do to
you as compensation for her loss in position and salary.

	Is there any truth to the hint from your personal physician that it
appears that nurse Divot is now making you available not only to the orderlies
but also a number of the younger nurses who feel in the need of your lingual
skills on occasion? Speaking as one who has enjoyed your skill in that fine art,
you have probably developed a loyal following, how quaint! I do however feel
that allowing nurse Divot to subject you to one of her special enemas every
night and then having you retain it while the orderlies have their way with you
for hours on end may be overdoing things just a bit.

	However I find the pictures that have been provided to be most
entertaining. It's fairly apparent from the looks of your genitals that you have
been accommodating some heavy traffic in the vicinity of your vagina. I am told
that nurse Divot is seriously considering opening a second front for the
orderlies who have been complaining that your elasticity is significantly
diiminished after a few hours of use. That should be most entertaining for all
concerned and I look forward eagerly to the evidence that this has come to pass.
I do hope that your caretakers are making sure that you do not have an
unfortunate accident now that your ovaries are probably  once more operational.
They do not take too kindly to being bathed daily in semen.

	I will probably discuss the matter of having you retain those enemas for
such a lengthy period when the doctor and I have some free time that marches our
very busy schedules. These days this is a challenge for me as I must devote
myself to making sure that daddy is cared for properly.

	On the subject of daddy I have some astounding news, slave Bonnie is in
the family way and daddy appears to have been responsible for this amazing
occurrence. Mistress Monica was initially quite distraught upon hearing of this,
but she has calmed down considerably and like the rest of us is now treating
this event as something of great significance. We are all of the opinion that
this choice by daddy was one of convenience and nothing more. Slave Bonnie also
happens to be one of his kind, but perhaps that is a misstatement of fact.
Formerly they were the same kind, but the change that has taken place in daddy
has elevated him considerably when compared to slave Bonnie. In fact it is
becoming very difficult to treat daddy as anything less than our equal. I know
this borders on sacrilege, but we all have begun to face up to what is becoming
our new reality.

	To our collective amazement we discovered that daddy was capable of
speech. Until now I had always assumed he was a dumb brute as is slave Bonnie
who communicates only by means of grunts and something akin to a dog's bark. it
was Jennifer who learned of this first at one of their private sessions. I still
do not fully understand the relationship that developed between them, but it is
by far the strongest of all. I find myself becoming more and more jealous of the
special bond between those two.

	However, be that as it may, she was the first of us to whom he
communicated. At first his words were hard to hear and even harder to understand
since his vocal cords had evidently atrophied and only now were redeveloping.
Mistress Monica has again taken the lead role in developing another facet of
daddy. Daddy's vocabulary is at resent approaching one thusand words,another
indication of his native intelligence which may or may not have existed before
the transformation.

	Madga has taken the most antagonistic view of daddy's progress, and
yesterday she suffered the consequences. For no apparent reason she took offense
to something innocuous that involved daddy. Before we could stop her she grabbed
her cane and began to lay into daddy. We were in such a state of shock over her
behavior that we just sat there open-mouthed as she struck daddy twice about the
shoulders. Midway into her third stroke daddy yanked the cane from her hand and
broke it in two over his knee. Magda nearly fell to the floor and only daddy's
quick reaction prevented this from happening. At that moment something happened
between them and Magda fainted.

	When we revived her she exhibited a look of fear on her face that none
of us had ever seen before. Since then she has avoided daddy as much as she can
without seeming to be impolite. We are all still trying to understand exactly
what transpired in that brief moment when daddy held her. Perhaps when next I
write there may be some new light to shed on this mystery. There is much more to
tell, but it will have to be held in abeyance until my next missive. I look
forward to hearing more from the staff concerning your progress.

	Be advised that they know that your stay will be terminated within a
month since in my opinion the expense does not seem to be justified. Do not be
surprised if things do not go well for you as the staff is a bit upset about my
decision and will likely go out of their way to be sticklers for the rules and
regulations of their establishment. You will have to pay the piper for your
actions, there is nothing more to be said than that.

	I have made arrangements with a charitable order of defrocked priests
and renegade nuns to take over your care in exchange for the right to
proselytize you in hopes that you will see the light. It is my understanding
that their methods involve a great deal of fasting and the infliction of
physical pain and suffering on the one to be converted. I am of the opinion that
you may thrive in such an environment.




     						A Visit from Daddy


						    Chapter 7


							March 1, 2005

Dearest Mommy


	To quote Alice, "Things are getting curiouser and curiouser ". Daddy's
development has grown to the point that I am beginning to believe "he" is in
charge. There I've said it; daddy is no longer neuter, it is a he. I know my
grammar may have become a bit flawed and frayed at the edges, but there is no
other way I can describe the situation here. Daddy has chosen Jennifer as his
conduit to us and I am not too surprised over this latest development. I am
however amazed and perhaps a bit frightened at what he seems to have in store
for us. It is not what he has decreed to date, it is the implications that arise
from his messages delivered by Jennifer that concern me. Perhaps you are in a
better place than I shall soon find myself.

	This brings me to your situation, which seems to be quite dire as your
time at the sanitarium winds down. The latest pictures are quite distressing. It
is most apparent from them that nurse Divot has indeed made good with her threat
to open another one of your passage ways to that army of fiends who seem bent on
ruining your delicate body. I am also astonished at how large your stomach has
become. I had expected to find you quite emaciated by now since food costs money
and you have none at your disposal.

	The doctor tells me that you are on a special water diet, which is the
cause of your rather distended abdomen. I must admit there is some logic to
keeping your stomach totally stretched to its very limit. Obviously your desire
for sustenance has to become minimal. I am however rather curious as to how you
are dealing with those who you entertain in the evening and early morning while
nurse Divot supervises you. I must make an inquiry on this matter when next I
speak to the doctor about your status.

	This missive will have to be somewhat truncated as things are quite busy
at the moment. I have however managed to communicate with the representative of
the Order of St. Switchers, who informs me that your cell awaits you. In keeping
with the Order's code of conduct you are going to be confined there with only
minimal food and water for the first month of your stay. You will be chained to
your wooden pallet, which has no mattress or covering. In keeping with their
requirements you will confess your sins and be given severe penance to atone for
them. You will be instructed on what is defined as sinful and expected to recant
all you past offenses against the rules of the Order. In your case there is no
invincible ignorance, you will be responsible for all past behavior despite any
mitigating circumstances you may offer up to your confessor. Stay well and I
will communicate with you once you've taken up residence in your cell.





							March 25, 2005


Dearest Mommy


	I see that you are properly ensconced in your new quarters. I must admit
that I expected to see you on your back, hands above her head and fastened to
the top of your pallet, legs modestly parted, with ankles secured to the bottom
edges of your bed. Instead you appear to be a contortionist with your ankles
pinned back against your ears and both wrists and ankles anchored to the same
points on the pallet by manacles. How in the world is it possible to sleep in
such a cramped position? That and the obvious fact that you are totally devoid
of clothing must make for very interesting evenings as the temperature in your
cell drops and you have nothing to put between your shivering flesh and the
intruding coolness of night.

	I have to say that your hind quarters have certainly absorbed some very
vigorous applications of the switch, and I am informed this will remain your lot
in life until the good priest who is hearing your daily confession is satisfied
that you are concealing nothing. I am told that they are considering sterner
measures such as replacing the tried and true switch with the much heavier and
more damaging bamboo cane when your buttocks are being beaten. The switch will
be reserved for those times when your breasts and genitals are to be whipped as
your penance.

	I am told that your cell is located deep within the bowels of the
monastery to avoid exposing the other penitents to your sinful presence. The
good priest has ordained that your sinful orifices are to be kept blocked to
avoid tempting any of the members of the Order who must come in contact with you
during your stay. It is amazing how elastic your vagina and anus must be in
order to accommodate the huge implements that are now blocking them. I won't
concern myself with how you relieve yourself under these conditions, but leave
that to those good souls who have taken it upon themselves to bring you back
into the light.

	Daddy has now assumed total command over my home and its occupants.
Jennifer has become more than his conduit; she now is his surrogate. I find it
hard to believe that I am writing this, but she is actually having sexual
congress with him on a nightly basis. I am amazed that I do not rage against
this type of behavior which would have been unthinkable a month or so ago.
Perhaps it is the fluid that Daddy provides us. I fear that I have become
addicted to it, my humor is drastically altered when I miss a feeding.

	We are all subject to corporal punishment which Jennifer delivers under
Daddy's supervision. Magda has proven to be the most resistant to Daddy's
desires and therefore she is thrashed almost daily. It is almost a surreal
experience to witness Magda, naked as the day she was born, standing with her
arms pointed straight up to the ceiling and her legs spread wide apart to expose
her sex in a most shamless way.

	 We all are becoming accustomed to the pattern of welts that seem to
cover almost her entire body. We have grown insensitive to her appearance as it
seems to be one that she has willfully chosen. Jennifer has now begun to use the
weighted cane as her primary implement of choice when disciplining Magda.
Yesterday she whipped the willful woman across her bare breasts until both were
totally covered with deep welts, and in many places the cane had drawn blood as
well. Magda seems at times to be almost immune to what Jennifer is meting out to
her. I sometimes fear for her safety and sanity. I cannot fathom what drives her
to create this harm to what once was a superbly shaped body, the envy of all but
the rarest of women.

	I must end this missive at this point since Daddy has announced there
will be a feeding for us in one hour and I must prepare myself properly to
accommodate what he will be delivering. Stay well and hopefully your confessor
will soon see that you are truly dedicated to rising above the excesses of the
flesh.




							April 9, 2005



Dearest Mommy

	
	You continue to amaze me with your aberrant behavior. I felt certain
that this latest residence might finally satisfy your needs, but alas, such is
not the case according to what I have been told. It seems your confessor has
become quite exasperated with the litany of sins that you recite every day he
sits beside you and listens to your confession. I can't blame the priest if as
he claims, you are still reciting sins that were commmitted decades ago. I gave
the Order my permission for them to subject you to more advanced forms of
punishment and from the pictures I received the other day, they are carrying out
their agenda with all due diligence.

	I would imagine that being repeatedly dunked, headfirst, into a barrel
of cold water for progressively longer periods while at the same time your
private parts are being vigorously birched is a procedure that should make you
wish to cooperate with the desires of your keepers. Yet you continue to regale
the good priest with your various peccadillos despite the increasingly harsh
treatment that you are receiving. I urge you to reform quickly or soon the
barrel into which you are plunged will contain something much more odious than
cold water. I trust I am making myself clear.

	Daddy's supremecy is beyond question. The other day Magda finally was
broken. The poor dear had run out of skin that was unmarked and so Jennifer was
starting to revisit the more tender regions of her bare body with the weighted
cane. Magda was ordered to assume a contorted position that opened her genitals
to the cane and Jennifer took full advantage. I was surprised that Magda, who is
a large powerful woman, possessed the agility to bend over backwards and present
her spread thighs and tender pudendum while supporting her bridged body with her
hands.

	 At Daddy's behest Magda counted each stroke and thanked Daddy after
each one. Jennifer spared her nothing, landing blow after blow into that pink
crevice that is a woman's most secret place. When it became so swollen as to
block access to her vagina, Jennifer began to etch deep welts into the insides
of her thighs, which by then were trembling from the strain of holding this very
uncomfortable position.

	I recall that she had just thanked Daddy for the fifty-third stroke when
he took matters into his own hands. We were all aghast as he took the cane from
Jennifer and laid a brutal stroke that split her swollen flesh and actually
penetrated into her most intimate region bringing forth a cry of agony that made
the hair on my nape grow stiff. There was no need for a second stroke as she
totally capitulated and collapsed upon the floor. Daddy proceeded to scoop up a
sobbing Magda who probably has not shed tears since she was a very young girl,
and carried her away to his quiet space, a room that none of us dare set foot
in. When they returned, my dear friend Magda looked radiantly happy.

	I must close this letter and pray that when it reaches you, things have
taken on a more regulated pace and you are taking the first steps on the path
towards serenity. I truly fear for your personal safety if you continue to
resist the wishes of the Order.


				(to be continued)




				A Visit from Daddy


                                    Chapter 8


								May 14, 2005


Dearest Mommy


	There is so much going on here that I don't know where to begin. Daddy
rules supreme and we are all the better for it. As in all major changes, there
are casualties; here it is no different. My dear friend Magda is suffering the
torments of the damned as she tries mightily to conform to the new reality that
is Daddy. It has gotten so challenging that Daddy is no longer channeling his
commands through Jennifer, but has taken to delivering them to Magda in person.
She is rarely seen about the house. Those that catch a glimpse of her report a
wraith-like creature with staring eyes and a body that is emaciated and carries
the wounds associated with her increasingly high levels of punishment for her
inherent rebellion to Daddy's authority.

	Mistress Monica is now taking over Jennifer's former role when it comes
to acting as a conduit between Daddy and us. This is not to say that any of us,
except perhaps the still defiant Magda, are not given the opportunity to
commune, in the truest sense of that word, with Daddy. I have been blessed twice
since last I communicated with you. To my amazement I discover that Daddy knows
a great deal about your trials and tribulations. How he has come to know these
things is a great mystery to me.

	Jennifer and I have once more grown together which is most heartening
for us both. We usually spend the night in my bed enjoying each other's special
charms for perhaps an hour or more before we are carried away in the arms of
Morpheus. Daddy is well aware of our nightly dalliances and has taken time to
tell each of us in private that he is happy that we are once more bonding. He
had also told us that our bonding cannot be considered complete without it
becoming a trinity and Jennifer and I already know that Daddy is the one to
complete this union. We are excitedly awaiting the time that this will take
place.

	Things of a more astounding nature have begun to occur that involve
Mistress Monica's slave, Bonnie, and her Doberman, Bruno. The animal that was
once terrified at being in Daddy's presence has now in its own way sworn
allegiance, following Daddy, always two paces behind, wherever he goes, even
entering his inner sanctum which none of us would dare to go uninvited. Bonnie
has begun to undergo an even stranger metamorphosis, her body changing in size
and shape, while her subservient demeanor rapidly is being replaced by a slavish
devotion to Daddy to the exclusion of the rest of us including Mistress Monica.
It is a very strange situation we find ourselves in with regards to Bonnie. As
far as the relationship with Daddy is concerned, we all, including the former
slave Bonnie, now appear to be equal in our loyalty and devotion, excluding the
unfortunate one, Magda. We bask equally in Daddy's love and care not for what we
were once before his arrival. Yet as far as what does between us, things are in
a state of flux as we strive to understand what message Daddy is sending us with
regards to slave Bonnie.

	I must digress and direct the remaining portion of this missive to your
deviant behavior which seems to have no bounds. As I had warned you previously,
your bizarre attitude toward your confessor has brought down the fire from the
heavens. I hope your daily immersions in the vat of kitchen waste products acts
to remind you of your inane response to your confessor's wishes.  I wonder just
how much cooking oil that has been used three and four times before being
declared unfit for human consumption you can ingest daily. As for the liquified
animal fat, and the inedible portions of whatever creature has been used to
provide the entree for the penitents' main meal, they too must be considered
hazardous to your health and well-being as they are now the staples of your
diet, such as it is.

	I am told that the next stage of your penance will likely result in much
longer immersions in the vat whose contents now will be heated. It is my
understanding that the fumes will cause you to vomit, thus adding your own
little signature to the noxious mess that you will be dunked in by the hour. Of
course the father confessor tells me that the cane will now be used exclusively
on your naked body despite the terrible consequences that will likely result.
You will soon discover that you are once again being moved to even more
confining quarters still deeper within the monastery. It is my understanding
that at the lowest level there are   catacombs, some now empty. When you are not
doing penance, which from now on will be all of the day and a significant
portion of the night as well, your naked body will be place in one of the
smaller burial chambers and sealed up so that you may have the opportunity to
reflect on your indiscretions and pray for understanding and forgiveness. Your
only companions will be the crawling, biting things that have taken up residence
in the catacombs.

	I must take my leave for the time being as Daddy has summoned us to
attend a teaching session that will hopefully climax in a feeding which we all
have grown to need desperately. I will contact you again when there is something
of significance to describe and after I have been in communication with those
responsible for your rehabilitation and reeducation. Stay well and think upon
what I have told you concerning what your future at the monastery will be.



								May 20, 2005

Dearest Mommy



	There are times that I think I am having hallucinations. They occur both
day and night; some while I sleep, others when I am wide awake. The central
figure is always Magda. A Magda that is progressively becoming more and more
unworldly. A Magda that no longer is my friend, nay, she is my foe, an enemy not
to be trusted. She is never the same; sometimes she comes to me as a young child
who soon transforms into an imp from hell. Other times she is twisted with age,
her body withered, lank, her appearance unkempt. She speaks but no sounds come
forth from her lips. Then I realize that she has no tongue, but instead a
snake-like appendage that flickers from her mouth. I grow terrified as she
changes into a cackling harpy, a creature of my nightmares, a threat to me and
those I hold dear.

	About a week after these visions began to trouble me, I took Mistress
Monica into my confidence and told her what I was experiencing. Her response
both comforted and frightened me. She too was having the same types of
visitations. Magda as the child and the old crone were featured in all of her
dreams, as she described them. She too felt  strong animosity towards our former
close and most intimate friend. Like myself she did not know what to make of
this. We agreed that it would be wise to see if Jennifer was also having these
strange encounters with Magda's manifestations. She too had fallen victim to the
same malady, and like us was unable to fathom what these strange visions meant.
At Mistress Monica's suggestion, the three of us began to keep written accounts
of our visitations, and share them together every few days. Why we did not take
this matter up with Daddy is something I cannot explain. Hopefully this mystery
may soon be solved by our collective attention to it. I will keep you informed
of our progress, provided you will be capable of reading or hearing someone else
read my letter to you.

	As you probably know by now, I have given your confessor carte blanche
to punish you as he sees fit. He in turn has received the blessing of his
superiors to use any manner of physical torment to break you free of the hold
that the Dark One seems to have on your person. In this day and age it is
positively amazing that the forces of evil still are not as openly acknowledged
as they were hundreds of years ago during what was then known as "The Dark
Ages". I have my doubts that we ever emerged from those times. I have no time to
take pity on you, since you have chosen to bring these woes down on yourself. I
wonder what Daddy must be thinking about your abberant behavior? I would imagine
he is not amused.

	By now your orifices have been securely blocked with devices that have
been used for many hundreds of years to silence and punish sinners. How strange
that such hideous creations have such pedestrian names. Who would imagine that
something as innocuous as a pear could bring such suffering to the unfortunate
upon whom it is used. The photographs that I have recently received show in
graphic detail the effect that these mechanical contrivances can wreck on a
woman's flesh. It should be mentioned in passing that these are the first
pictures I have received showing your person in some months. You do look the
fright! I think you are rapidly approaching one of those self serving and most
harmful goals you have set out for yourself. In truth you have well and truly
mortified your flesh.

	I think it only fitting that the very torments visited by the Church on
heretics and other enemies of the one true faith should find application in
these modern godless times. You are now enjoying the pleasures of the rack which
I understand is capable of lengthening your body by some number of inches before
your muscles fail and your tendons part from the unbearable pressure that such a
simple machine as this can provide. Of course you are not given the full
treatment in one session. It is more like you are being served a twelve course
meal over many days and nights. In this manner you are given time to reflect on
your willfulness and antagonism to those doing their all to save you from
yourself.

	How fitting that many of the basic elements are being employed to make
you see the error of your ways. In a sense sealing your naked body up within a
narrow tube of some porous material surrounded by the moist earth is one of the
ultimate uses of  one of the basic building blocks of our world. As you lay
there, your bare body crammed into such a small space that your crawling
companions must seek shelter from your dominance of their space by actually
burrowing into your flesh, you are one with the earth that raised you up and
will one day suck you back beneath its surface so that you may provide the seed
for another round of life.

	I have gone off on a tangent, and trust that you will forgive this fight
of fancy that has taken hold of me.Hopefully my equilibrium will be
reestablished when next I write to you. I wish you well and pray that you will
surrender your pride up and reach some type of accommodation between your
ambitions, pride and responsibilities. 










&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Visit from Daddy

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 9





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;March 20, 2006

Dearest Mommy



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At long last the moratorium on conscious communication with the outside, or other world as Daddy&nbsp; defines it, has been lifted. I have spent the past few days going through the huge number of photographs and reports that have been sent by your keepers. In general I am quite disappointed over the choices you have made despite Daddy's best efforts to guide you onto the proper course for your salvation. More on that disappointing subject later, but for now there is much good news to share with you.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alpha, Beta and Gamma, formerly known as Jennifer, Mistress Monica and slave Bonnie, are with child. Alpha should deliver in two more months, followed in monthly increments by Beta and Gamma. Of course Daddy is the father; now I shall soon have half sisters and brothers. Each is carrying twins, a boy and a girl. I have no understanding of how this statistical miracle could have occurred, but when Daddy is involved, anything seems to be possible.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over time Daddy has chosen to impart facts concerning his powers to me, his only child to date. I am sure that what I tell you about his capabilities will both shock and amaze you. It seems that he has always had these latent gifts, but it required some number of years for his body to accept the symbiotic relationship that ensued and finally allow the transmission of what Daddy calls "the codes" to his brain. Once this was done, it became a simple matter for the fully mature Daddy to begin the physical transformation that occurred during his visit with us. Unfortunately one of our members was unable to refocus herself to accept and enjoy the relationship that the others now have with him. I will refrain from any more details on that tragic situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You will soon have the opportunity to be exposed to Daddy in all his glory, be assured of that. In the interim I must chastise you for the poor decisions you have made over the past year. You have suffered greatly&nbsp; because of your pride, and you face still greater challenges once you return and go through the purification process that all of us have experienced. I have no idea what your role in the new society will be be, that is to be determined by how you react to the challenges that Daddy presents to you. Be advised that they will make what you have endured to date seem as nothing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite my best efforts to save you from yourself, you continued to flaunt your desires for mortification of the flesh, and I must admit that you did succeed in a manner in spite of the warnings you received. It was Daddy who finally intervened and allowed you to have full reign when it came to what your body and mind would experience in your quest for personal transformation. I must confess that I knew that he was giving precise instructions to whomever was your keeper as to what punishments and degradations would be part of your long ordeal. It is only now that I have the opportunity to observe in detail what you underwent in order to prepare you for what will be your fate once you are restored to your loving family, headed of course by Daddy. I cannot avoid observing that it has been exactly nine months since my last letter. I am sure that this has some significance, since everything down to when I can communicate with my dearest mommy is determined by Daddy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We have much to exchange before you are once more a part of the family. Each day I am given more of a view of Daddy's plan for your future. Everything that has taken place over the last year or so has been as he willed it, and for reasons known only to him. Now he has chosen to reveal a portion of that secret to me, his only offspring to date. I will be in communication with you shortly as I review your voyage of self discovery that will culminate soon if I read the signs properly.





Dearest Mommy &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;March 23, 2006



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first glance the photographs of you taken while you were still under the care of the Order of St Switchers are most disturbing. According to the report you were chained to the water wheel and your emaciated body was constricted further by means of thick rubber straps fastened round your now concave stomach and just below your shrunken breasts and tightened to the point that made drawing breath a rather laborious process. This was trivial in comparison to what lurked beneath the warm murky waters that your naked body traversed in a somewhat random fashion. I am certain that you were unaware of what swam in the tank through which you moved, quickly at times, but more often slowly, so slowly that you would begin to panic, giving up hope that you would be able to once more fill your lungs with the freezing air of the chamber.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pictures of what happened to you over a period of a day are quite graphic, but they give only a hint of the terror you must have experienced when you realized that there were other creatures occupying the water as well. I wonder which intruded into your world first, the leeches or the electric eels captured in the Amazon and transported to this tank. The picture that shows your naked body partially covered with those worm-like creatures whose razor toothed mouths were busily draining your body of its anemic blood supply are terrifying to me. I actually had to turn my head away at first; that's how stunned it made me. It was horrible to see one of those creatures fastened to one of your eye sockets. At first I thought it was literally sucking your eye from its socket, but upon regaining my composure I understood that this could not be happening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The picture of you obviously unconscious, that part of your papery white face not covered by leeches, and your sagging platter shaped breasts as well as that raw wound of a vulva festooned with these creatures of the darkness was difficult to take. You had just been jolted by one of the giant electric eels, more than 200 volts passed through your body. Fortunately someone was always monitoring you to prevent such an incident from resulting in significant brain damage or even death. I am told that during your stay on the wheel you were shocked senseless more than half a dozen times,&nbsp; most of the strikes requiring medical attention to restore your heart to its normal ryhthm.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is a tribute to your bizarre need for pain and degradation that pulled you through this ordeal. You went from water heated to well over one hundred degrees F to the fifty degree F chamber room environment perhaps twenty times an hour, for more than twenty-four hours, an amazing display for one so undernourished that you looked like a survivor of a WW II concentration camp. At times you were submerged for nearly two minutes, enough time for you to ingest large amounts of brackish water that at times required that they pump out your stomach and administer CPR to bring you back for even more torment. All these procedures were accomplished without removing your body from the wheel, an indication of the skill possessed by your torturers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final photograph shows a priest, who I can only assume is your former father confessor, jamming what looks like a crucifix into your vagina. You are obviously unconscious and covered from head to toe with deep welts that might have been made by a cane or some such implement. According to the notes on the picture, the leeches were whipped from your body, a process that accomplished two objectives, the other being the Order's farewell to a sinner who left as unreconstructed as upon her arrival. I was distressed to observe that your face now bore deep cuts that might leave scar tissue once they healed; however this was of your own making for not making a serious attempt to reform your life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy requires my presence in a few minutes and so I will send this off and continue out little chat as soon as is feasible. Although Daddy has said nothing about when you will be arriving, I feel that it is on the horizon.





Dearest Mommy &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;March 25, 2006



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So the mystery of those large billings from our family law firm are revealed at last. I can only conclude that Daddy's fine hand was behind your lengthy stay in that private hospital. I must admit that they did a spectacular job in rebuilding your body, and at the same time bringing your weight back to something resembling normal. The itemized list of procedures with the cost of each now included indicates they kept you quite busy as you rested and recuperated from that stay with the good people of St. Switchers. Your new breast implants look most realistic; I would take them for the genuine article had I not known better. I am eager to discuss the vaginal rejuvenation procedure that you underwent. Presently I am satisfied with my natural state, but who knows what the future might bring? I am totally amazed that despite your medical procedures and&nbsp; very poor health from your past excesses, it was possible for them to add something close to twenty kilos to your weight. It is astonishing that you managed to survive previously, considering that your weight upon admission was thirty-three kilos. It's strange to see you in such good health. It is almost unnatural not to see depictions of you thin as a rail, eyes staring vacantly, your naked body tightly bound into some fiendish position as your torturers beat, burn, puncture or flay what little flesh remains on your gaunt frame.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I should have known better! This is the mother that has caused me so much anguish over the past seventeen months despite my efforts to make her see the wisdom of freeing herself from those dark urges that seem to rule her life these days. If anything, you are going further and further away from me. Now it's Mexico, mostly an uncivilized land without the security associated with laws and those dedicated to upholding them. This is a place filled with savage inhabitants struggling to stay alive under any circumstances. I am utterly devastated to learn that you are working as a prostitute, servicing the workers found on the large ranches and farms that dot the countryside. I am appalled!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So there you are, stark naked and in bondage as usual. The only difference in your current situation is that you aren't being beaten, tortured or raped. Come to think of it, I'm not sure that you can be raped based on your previous behavior. You always seem to be enjoying yourself, no matter the size, bigger seems better to you, or how many sex organs are penetrating your various orifices. It appears that you are in some kind of small van, your legs spread to their limit, ankles chained to the rings installed in the vehicle's sides. Your wrists are also manacled and pulled over your head and anchored to a ring in the van's floor. It's depressingly obvious that in this position both of your lower entrances are made available for your customers to choose. I wonder just how hot it gets in that van after it has been traversing the harsh near desert terrain, moving from one location to the next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is even worse than at first glance! Now the report I have just finished indicates that when you are not servicing the field and ranch hands, during the evening hours you are returned to this little town of roughly three hundred people where the cantina and its lone prostitute, yourself, provide the only source of recreation for these unfortunate souls. On many days the only time you have to sleep is when you are being transported to and from&nbsp; the location where the dozens of men eager to use your gringa body wait patiently for your arrival. Often the temperature in your traveling brothel exceeds one hundred and thirty degrees, wringing the moisture from your body even before your customers begin the almost nonstop battering of your mouth, vagina and anus. Often you are choked and slapped viciously for some imagined slight or seeming lack of respect for one of those venting their lust and frustration within you. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There are times when you faint from the lack of water, your naked body totally dehydrated to the point that they must delay further abuse until your pimp jams a hose into your mouth and floods you with brackish water. Now with your belly bulging as if you are with child, the assault on you continues to the last man has made his final contribution to your sodden hole. Then it's time for a fiery douche guaranteed to remove any danger of becoming pregnant. It feels as if the lining of your holes has been set afire, but it does the job for which it is intended. Many claim that this magic potion, its recipe passed from generation to generation, also prevents most venereal diseases, a claim I sincerely wish to be true.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I am much too upset to continue this missive, and so I shall break off contact until such time as my normal humor has been restored. Be advised that I will be seeking Daddy's guidance in the matter of your willful disregard for your well being.









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A Visit from Daddy

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 10



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; July 18, 2006

Gentlemen:



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is with a heavy heart that I must inform you of the death of my dear mother, although I have no proof in a legal sense to support my view that she has passed away to a better life. As you well know, in the last few months mother had suffered a severe relapse in her therapy. She left the country and was working, if that is the proper word, as a prostitute in the Mexican state of Durango. As you know, we had made numerous attempts to repatriate mother from this terrible situation. She managed to frustrate each of them despite the efforts of the family.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last foray was almost successful, but the recovery team missed by less than an hour in rendezvousing with the van that transported her from one ranch to another as she plied her trade. Realizing that sooner or later she would be captured and spirited back to a sanitarium or worse, mother made arrangements to be flown to Thailand. There she would own and operate one of the many tourist bars that featured every imaginable sexual service that any visitor could envision.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To avoid calling attention to her whereabouts, which would likely lead to more attempts to bring her back home, mother arranged to have herself shipped as cargo. It is no secret that mother suffered severe bouts of nymphomania and was subject to fits of self destructive behavior. Evidently from what our investigators were able to piece together, mother made the error of informing her partner, the man acting as her pimp, that she was leaving his employ and resettling in a foreign country well away from the reach of the lawyers and their minions. Although she had hired him originally to make her activities appear normal, as time passed he began to think of himself not as her employee, but truly her master. This evidently came as a distinct shock to mother who was a bit naive when it came to business matters such as these. An argument ensued and resulted in the pimp taking her captive. Mother had no one to fall back upon as protection, putting her in a precarious position that allowed the pimp to gain the upper hand and use it to his advantage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although mother resisted strenuously, he continued to make her ply her trade, but the results were not the same. She became distinctly uncooperative and insulting to the workers who used her emaciated body. In turn her pimp started using much harsher means to encourage her to conduct business in a proper manner. He beat her viciously, but this had no effect on her stubborn behavior. Knowing mother, the masochistic side of her personality was probably delighted to experience the whippings that soon esculated to even more brutal beatings.&nbsp; Upon returning from their rounds, the pimp would now tie mother to a chair and use his gloved fists to beat her senseless. This did not work either, and it only made her even more unattractive to the customers who were put off by her swollen face and ears, the black eyes, split lips, broken nose and missing teeth that were the result of these nightly beatings.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He became quite angry over the situation and decided to let the married women of this tiny town determine her ultimate fate, by either taming or killing her. So it was that he turned mother over to the not so tender mercies of these creatures. Although unschooled, he was correct in his assumption that many of the married women in the town were quite jealous or irritated by the attraction she held for their husbands who used her frequently because the price for her services was quite low. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now the local men gave mother a wide berth for the same reasons as the ranch workers. Thus they had little interest in what their wives did to the town prostitute. When it came to cruelty, these weathered, old before their time, women could hold their own with most professional torturers. Even though they had little in the way of modern instruments of torture, these females were capable of utilizing their surroundings to deliver all the pain that a masochist like mother could ever hope to experience. A simple thing such as staking out their naked victim in the blazing sun for an entire day left mother burned nearly black and half crazed from thirst.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Afterward presenting her with as much urine as she could swallow did two things; it made her thirst more intense at the same time that it did somewhat rehydrate her. Thus she displayed enough strength that they could staked her out the next day on her belly so all of her bare body was now burned to a crisp. Naturally in her state of near madness mother overdid her consumption of urine the previous evening and suffered the agony of terrible cramps brought on by the imbalance all this ingestion of salt produced in her body's chemistry. Did her torturers understand what was actually occurring within her body; definitely not, but did it matter?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the end of the second day mother was at death's door according to those who claim to have known about this ordeal. She was suffering from second degree burns over most of her body and dehydration. She oscillated between insane rambling speech that the women were unable to understand, and a nearly comatose state which made them think at times that she had passed away. They town women had to force feed her the urine they collected for her to drink. When her stomach would no longer accept the salty yellow fluid, nettles were stuffed into her mouth and then a rag was&nbsp; pulled tight between her swollen lips and tied into place. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was bound tightly hand and foot and her naked, sunburned body left in the desert just outside of the town in hopes that wild animals might find and devour her body sufficiently to exonerate them from having anything to do with her death. They discovered that she had survived the night, but by morning her tongue had swollen to the point that it was impeding her ability to swallow or breathe. Mother was probably totally unaware of her surroundings by then. The pimp was horrified by her condition, and feared that she would not survive another day.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once he left,&nbsp; it is claimed the women finished her off.&nbsp; Rumor has it that her labia and clitoris were cut away using a dull knife. The poor thing still refused to give up the spirit despite the agonizing pain that she was enduring. The women then took turns using the knife to mutilate mother's vagina by scraping the mucous membrane from its walls. The same knife was used to cut off her nipples and a firebrand was employed to cauterize the wounds. Mother clung stubbornly to life, perhaps aided by her love for pain. Then the coupe de grace was administered as a number of large scorpions were very carefully placed on her shivering body and incited to sting mother until she died, probably from suffocation as the poison made her chest muscles fail, preventing her from drawing breath. All in all a terrible way to die, struggling for air.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unfortunately we have not been able to recover mother's remains. The townspeople have proven to be a closed-mouth group despite threats and offers of a reward for information leading to the location of her body. We surmise that the corpse was buried out in the desert, but have no proof. At this time it does not seem to be worth further effort on our part to continue the search. We have submitted our findings to the local law enforcement people, but are not optimistic that they will do any better than we have at locating mother's remains. Until such time as her remains are found and identified, it is not possible to provide any evidence that would hold up in a court of law to show that mother is dead. I fully understand this and accept your advice on the matter. This letter is my formal method of acknowledging your legal opinion. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Based on the present situation, I&nbsp; do wish to be formally identified as the controller of the family trust funds, consistent with the rules and regulations that have been established by the firm of Graves, Mordant, Merciless and Diapsid. Based on the significant number of new family members being sired by mother's mate and my natural father, Daddy, there will be some need in the very near future to begin drawing down a portion of these funds. I look forward to a continuing professional and amicable relationship with the members of the firm responsible for handling my trust funds.&nbsp; 









&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Visit from Daddy - Chapter 11





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; February 13, 2009



Gentlemen:



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It has been some time since I have needed your efforts. Much has happened here, but that is not the reason for this missive. Once again my dear mother has surfaced, this time in darkest Africa. There seems to have been more than just a business relationship between my mother and her pimp. It was he who arranged the cover-up that allowed her to escape to another continent leaving behind a false impression that she had died in the desert and her bones were never found. Nothing could be further from the truth. A thrill seeker, who had been passing through the little village that was home to my dear mother while in Mexico, was hired by the pimp to act as her surrogate in a sense.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The entire torture story was a ruse developed by mother and her pimp. It included some of the ladies of the village, who for a rather tidy sum eagerly participated in the "torture" and faked death of the thrill seeker. The deathbed confession of one of the participants described her part in the ruse, and told where the bones of still another individual, an addict who died of an overdose, had been left as evidence that mother had indeed died here. Naturally when apprised of the situation, I had DNA testing performed. The results indicated these bones did not belong to my dear mother. I was elated but frustrated as well. Where was mother and would it be possible to pick up her trail?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over a period of three months a number of private detectives were hired to find mother, but all failed. Then Daddy intervened and directed our efforts to the Dark Continent, specifically the nation of Gabon. This land produced oil, uranium and gold to name a few of its refined products that were sought by most of the major world powers such as China, Japan, the UK and US. Despite the high percentage of Catholics, there were a number of discretely located brothels in the capital city of Libreville. No one could understand how Daddy knew that mother had spent over a year working in the most exclusive house, one that offered whatever the clients sought, provided they had the wherewithal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man we sent was handpicked by Daddy and proved to be an excellent choice. He had connections in the city that allowed him to penetrate the brothel where mother was employed. In the little over a year that she spent as their star attraction, she developed a following for her special talents that only the wealthiest clients were able to meet. Our man managed to interview three of her clients who would not reveal their names, but approved what was sent to me. The documentation remains in the hands of Daddy, but he has graciously allowed a brief summary to be attached to this letter. As you can plainly see, mother was up to her old tricks and had added a few new ones since her days in Mexico.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mother is a creature of change, whether it is her environment, beliefs, appearance or sexual persuasion. This invariably leads to her Holy Grail, pain in all its manifestations and a new level of humiliation or degradation. This explains her constant movement from place to place, her encounters with clerics and sadists, sometimes all in one, the lovers and the users. All devoted in one-way or another in the grand plan for mother's life. One might think that Gabon was a step down from Mexico, but as it turned out there was a level of society here still coupled to French culture. Most of her clients were in that category, with just a few for spicing things up on occasion when mother suffered the pangs of ennui.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In my haste to tell all I fear I've gotten ahead of myself. Prior to moving to Gabon, mother and her former pimp Rudolpho, now her lover and master, settled for a time in Suriname a small country located in South America. It was there in a nation known for drug trafficking that mother went through her latest metamorphosis. Her male companion had connections in this country and knew of a gifted plastic surgeon that was hiding in this little nation to avoid being extradited for murdering his lover, a rich, older woman. It was while she waited for the surgery that things between them deteriorated. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mother, being mother, was originally excited by her pimp's attitude towards her. He was perfect, a brute who would not brook any of mother's little conceits and opinions of his prowess both as her pimp and lover. Naturally mother was doing this to unearth the side of him that so enticed her in the first place. She loved his attention as he beat her senseless with brutal thoroughness every time she got out of line. She made it a habit to insult her customers in hopes that this would get back to her pimp, and often it did. That led to many wonderful beatings that sexually excited mother and cemented their rather sick relationship. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However Rudolpho was rather one-dimensional when it came to delivering more subtle or sophisticated pain and suffering for my mother to enjoy. Unfortunately the surgeon demanded that mother's face and body heal from the wonderfully terrible beatings that Rudolpho delivered almost every evening before he enjoyed mother's body sexually. The poor man was akin to Samson losing his hair, and mother soon found him wanting in almost every aspect of their relationship. As always mother had a cache of funds put away for a rainy day and this is what allowed her to get rid of Rudolpho and provide the fee that the doctor demanded.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As is usually the case mother seduced the surgeon before the first cut of his scalpel. She hadn't lived the life of a prostitute and sex slave all these years for nothing. She discovered to her delight that the doctor had another side to him, one not often shown to the outside world. He was a full-blown sadist and the woman he supposedly murdered was his lover as well as a masochist. They made the ideal couple, but unfortunately at her advanced age she was not able to survive the delightful things he did to her body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over their time together he sculpted her breasts numerous times, making them go from 32B to 45DD. She loved the pain associated with each procedure, since he used minimal amounts of anesthetic for each operation. Afterward their lovemaking intensified. He modified the liposuction process to allow much larger areas of her plump body to be relieved of fat deposits. The pain was almost as bad as her previous operations. This done he injected her with massive doses of various chemical compounds that made her body seem to belong to someone at least thirty years younger. He tightened her vagina so it felt as if he was having sex with a teenager. Finally he redid her face to complete his creation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everything was fine for a few months afterward, and then he decided to make more dramatic changes. He outlined a plan that would result in his lover appearing to be a teenager. She heartily approved. For reasons he never shared with the poor woman he decided to make her a tall, skinny child. She barely survived the twin radical mastectomies, but the pain during the procedures and the sex afterwards just spurred them both to more excessive treatments. In the interest of authenticity she underwent a full hysterectomy, nothing remained that indicated she was once a mature female capable of giving birth. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He used a combination of surgery and liposuction to eliminate any evidence of her external sex organs. At her request she was given no anesthetic when he removed her inner labia and clitoris with a few passes of his scalpel and then cauterized the bleeding patches of flesh that once housed them with his electric needle. During this procedure she had her last orgasms, fitting considering they were the seat of her sexual enjoyment. She survived, but had lost all interest in sex. It was then he made his fatal mistake. He should have known better, but he attempted to increase her pain in hopes it would compensate for her loss of sexual pleasure. Her heart could not handle the terrible pain he caused her and she died within a few days. Realizing what he had done would ruin his life forever, he chose to flee the country and find sanctuary in another nation that did not have any extradition arrangement with the US. Suriname was merely the first step that ultimately led to Algeria.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alas this letter must be truncated for the moment due to Daddy's need for me. Expect another missive shortly, but at present my responsibility is to Daddy and no other.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; February 17, 2009



Gentlemen:



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Forgive the break in what may prove to be an amazing tale. Mother placed her mind and body into the hands of a surgeon recommended by her former pimp and lover, a great leap of faith even for my mother. As you know by now mother loves pain and suffering, something her surgeon was most adept at dealing to his adoring patients. I feared that mother would be nothing more than another victim of this evil person, but I was proven incorrect. This is not to say that he was a perfect gentleman, nothing could be further from the truth. Mother was insulted by his less than warm personality and even angrier over the snubs he gave her every time she hinted that her new body would be his upon successful surgery. Little did she know that he was playing a cat and mouse game with her, having already decided to recreate her in a way that appealed to his tastes and needs. Poor mother, she had no say whatsoever in how he planned to accomplish his goal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Remember that mother had been tortured by experts for lengthy periods, meaning that her body bore the marks from her head to those cute little toes she so treasured. Her head had been fractured a number of times, but fortunately not in a manner that inhibited her mental capabilities. Mother's fingers and toes had been broken and reset only to be broken once more. That sharp tongue had been pierced repeatedly with white-hot pins and metal studs that made her speech almost unintelligible. Her nipples had received the same treatment and quite a bit more. Mother's breasts although not gigantic, were full and firm and presented a target of opportunity for anyone interested in harming them. I could go on for hours but the thought of all the things that had been done to my dear mother and what waits for her once she is back where she belongs,&nbsp; makes me considerably damp in places ladies don't mention.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He deliberately chose mother's face as his starting point. In that way the bandages covering her eyes would conceal his efforts once he began rebuilding her oft times ruined body. He modified her genitals by means of microsurgery to inhibit the blood flow and a special form of liposuction that reduced in size mother's mons veneris and labia majora. The blood flow to the labia minora and most importantly the clitoris was effectively eliminated. This was not a permanent change, just one to assist him in achieving his ultimate fantasy about children. His ruse worked for a time, but knowing mother she began exploring the new terrain he was establishing and forming her own opinions on what was becoming her new body, one in which she was decidedly uncomfortable.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can only imagine her feelings when she awoke one morning to find herself naked and securely strapped down to a gurney that was being wheeled toward the small operating room in the surgeon's home. On the one hand being at his mercy sexually excited her, but as she discovered, there was no kick to it. What had that man done to her? It wasn't until days later that she woke up in straitjacket, much of her body aching and a terrible taste in her mouth. Standing over her was a smiling surgeon who welcomed a new, youthful version of mother back into the world. Her chest felt strange, especially when she took a deep breath; something substantial was missing. The surgeon read her eyes and beat her to the punch; casually mentioning that those big bags of fat had been substantially reduced in size and her nipples that were at best vestigial had been totally removed. In a few days he would unveil her new body for both of them to enjoy. For once in her life mother was struck dumb.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more I am called away on family business, but soon I shall continue my tale of mother's final adventure. On second thought, this is only the prologue to what has and will happen to her once she has been restored to Daddy and the rest of the family. This is something to which we all look forward with great anticipation.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





