BDSM Library - Taken




Taken
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl is torn from everything she knows and is shown how to be 'the perfect wife'. Taken.  
I remember seeing his still lifeless face as he lay there in the coffin,
  I peered inside and tried to catch a glimpse of the man I once knew, my mother
  was crying uncontrollably and when I went to comfort her she pushed me away.  
I remember waving to her as the train pulled away and watching as she slowly
  disappeared into oblivion. I can still see the blue sash around her waist rippling
  slightly in the updraft of the train.  
I think back at my first glimpse of the ship and the noise of the crowd as
  they pushed and shoved their way along the gangplank, children crying and mothers
  comforting them as the storm crashed along of us, nothing but water surrounding
  us and no sight of land. I lay in my tiny bunk wondering why I had been sent
  away, I had never seen my aunt or even heard of my mother speaking of her till
  the funeral, I can still feel the tears dripping off my cheek as the ship sways
  too and fro the thunder roaring all around.  
 I remember my first glimpse of the pyramids in that overcrowded coach and
  the stench of the live stock as we all travelled together. My dress which was
  white with a golden trim had once hung proudly from my figure but the harshness
  of the trip and turned it a musty grey and I was lathered in sweat. I can still
  see the women as they sit their in their black shrouds, as though they were
  going to a funeral, I felt so out of place, so infinitely lost.  
If I close my eyes the images of those men, the men who were to change my
  life forever was burned into my head as if by red hot needles, the anguish
  I felt every time I saw their faces cut so deep into my heart, my breath would
  shorten and my chest tighten as the pain raced through my veins.  
 I watched as the pyramids passed into the distance and the burning heat
  of the desert surrounded us as though by a blanket. I watched as the horses
  approached the coach and thought nothing of it till they produced swords and
  forced the driver to quit his occupation. They dragged him from his seat and
  boarded. I sat so quiet and so still afraid to move in case I stood out, what
  a silly thought, of course I was going to stand out, a lone white female attired
  differently from every other body on the bus, but back then I was young and
  naive, every little hope was still hope.  
 I remember the trepidation I felt as one of them approached me, yelling
  at me in a language I didn't understand and getting frustrated and agitated
  as I sat there confused staring blankly at him. He dragged me to my feet slapping
  my face hard and roughly pushed off the bus onto the floor on my knees. The
  dust was kicked up around me as the bus driver sped off and left me there at
  the hands of the kidnappers, he neither tried to stop my abduction nor slowed
  to look back, within seconds he was out of sight and I was alone and helpless.  
 The tallest man of the group came and tied my hands around my back, with
  rope he tied my lead to his horse and my two day journey across the sweltering
  desert began. I was mercilessly hauled behind them for the entire trip, if
  I fell to my knees I was whipped till I arose again, water was scarce and rarely
  supplied to me and by the time I reached my destination my dress was tattered
  and torn and covered in my sweet and blood, my knees where torn to shreds and
  the blisters on my feet had melted my feet to my shoes.  
It was nightfall when we got there, I remember vividly the stars, so many
  stars, like the blanket of night was so moth eaten it would take merely the
  finger of a child to rip it into daytime.  
 There was no sign of the building from the ground above, I entered it by
  steps leading down, and the corridor was dimly lit by candles, slipping a few
  times onto the bare rock I ragged my knees further as I fumbled to find my
  way around.  
 My holding cell that night was sufficient to sleep in, nothing but sand
  as my bed, but the rest was so needed I didn't care, we had stopped that was
  all that mattered to me that night.  
 In the morning I was woken by the men who had captured me, they led me to
  a room with a large hole carved in the rock in the centre and filled with water,
  here they stripped me and bathed me slowly, rolling the cool water over my
  cuts and washing every trace of the desert from my being ready for the 'presentation'.  
Clad in just a simple white shroud, I was taken to a large hall where there
  was a substantial gathering of men, money was trading hands and the smoke that
  filled the air was suffocating. I stood in the centre of the room and for a
  few seconds all went quiet.  
 I felt the blood rush to my head as for the first time I was stripped totally
  naked in front a man and not just a man a whole room full, no other had ever
  seen my flower or the delicate curves of my haunches, but here I was, vulnerable
  and alone and I was soon to find out, for sale.  
 I stood there in all my glory, and the men sat and stared, I shudder and
  still do as I see their faces surveying my body, but more so do I shudder as
  I recall how they lay me on the floor in the middle of that stage and parted
  my legs, I watched as the man closest to me lent down and parted my outer labia,
  I tried to pull away from him, but the others held me fast as he slid his fingers
  inside me, immediately I tensed up but it didn't stop him from completing his
  task.  
 Once finished he stood and announced in perfect English that I was untouched
  and my hymen was still tact. The shock I felt when I heard him speak my native
  tongue was unbelievable, but more so was the shock when the money started to
  pass hands, and I was pulled to my feet for full inspection.  
I wriggled and writhed as their hands moved sensually over my naked body,
  the ambiguous feelings that filled my head were, for a few moments unbearable,
  till I saw the gentleman who had bought me, he was such an outward gentleman
  but his accent was heavy and his skin colour was a deep brown, he had large
  brown eyes and a full head off hair amazingly he was one of the oldest of the
  group.  
 He didn't say much in the coach ride that night, but what he did say was
  in perfect English and straight to the point, he made little effort to comfort
  me but at the same time his presence made me feel safe.  
 He explained to me I was to be a present, a gift from father to son.  
Once at the house, I was dressed accordingly and made to wait in my room
  till my presence was required. I remember that room, the lavish tapestries
  and the mounted art, most of all I remember the large wardrobe, and the secrets
  hidden deep within.  
 He called me late on that first night, I was to strip and kneel on the floor
  at his feet while he brushed my hair and spoke to me with a loving kindness,
  such a rarity for me since my father died, I let my head fall back onto his
  lap and listened to his low tone.  
 He said I was to become the perfect wife for his son, and to do that I must
  learn how to become 'perfect'. He said I must understand their ways, how they
  eat, what were his favourite things, and most of all how to obey every order
  he gave me down to the most miniscule of detail's, to create the overall outward
  appearance of sheer perfection.  
I closed my eyes and thought for a few moments, this was the most loved and
  wanted I had felt in years, the way his hands softly caressed my hair and the
  curves of my neck, I wanted to please him and remain by his side, to do that
  I had to become 'perfection'.  
 He explained to me the importance of pleasing a man in the bedroom and promised
  to teach me how, above all though he stressed the importance of me keeping
  my 'innocence' for my betrothed.  
Slowly he led me upstairs back to my room, he lay me down on top of the plain
  damask sheets and went over to the wardrobe, with a small key from his left
  hand pocket he open the doors and I saw for the first time, what looked like
  the most evil cavern I had ever laid my eyes on. He reached deep inside and
  produced a long chain and some metal cuffs.  
"I know this seems cruel my little one" he said stroking my hair as he slipped
  the cuffs around my wrists "but believe me you'll thank me for it in the end".  
As he roped me to the bed he continued to speak "I know your are scared and
  frightened, you look so small in my arms, so innocent, if id have left you
  in that room you would have been raped, ravaged and murdered by now, you wouldn't
  want that would you?" he asked "no sir, I wouldn't have liked that" I said
  as I lay there trembling on the bed, his strong arms securing my arms to the
  head board. "you don't want to be sent there, do you?" his deep brown eyes
  looked into my face, I felt like he was looking straight through me," no sir". "Are
  you willing then, to do what is required of you?" he said, his tone has deepened
  and his eyes twinkled, I wasn't sure what he wanted me to do but I agreed.  
 "first things first then, we cant have you going about like that, my son
  will never accept you if you are circumcised" he said as he chained my feet
  up, the chains cut into the skin under my knees, this was now the most vulnerable
  experience I had ever endured.  
All I remember about that was the immense pain, like a searing shock wave
  pounding through my body, gushing over every single orifice like a forty foot
  tidal wave against the shore, sweeping away every other thought in my head.  
I spent the first week of my new life with him there in that very room, everyday
  he came and tended to my every need, for someone who could be so intolerably
  cruel he was surprisingly attentive and kind.  
My training began the day I was fully healed, the sun was barely peering
  over the horizon the first morning he came to me, callously I was dragged from
  my resting place and flung onto the rug, his dominating figure blocking the
  light from resting upon my skin as he tore the clothing from my body. I looked
  into his eyes before I felt the sting from the first lash from the leather
  whip across my bare naked skin.  
By the time he had completed his task my body was aching and covered in small
  cuts, carefully he lifted me and lay me onto the sheets, stroking my hair back
  he looked into my eyes and said "this is the first day of the rest of your
  life, I never want you to look into another mans eyes and you wont be permitted
  to look into mine unless I demand it from you" I lowered my head and began
  to sob pitifully.  
 He walked over to the wardrobe and pulled out a long black robe he threw
  it over to me," this is the only form of clothing you will be adorned in from
  this moment on" I lifted it up and noticed there was nowhere for my head to
  go, then I remembered the women on the bus, they were clad from head to foot
  in the same item, I lowered my head and put the shroud on.  
"The only time you're allowed to take it off is when your bathing and when
  you're Master tells you to" he said as he came and stroked my head through
  the shroud.  
It took me a long while to get used to the new item of clothing, it was horrendously
  heavy, when I wanted to look to the side I had to turn my entire head as the
  hole was only just big enough to see through, it was like wearing a set of
  blinkers and at first I hated it.  
The morning beatings continued daily, each morning I was awoken the same
  way, although I had to sleep in my shroud. He would make me hitch my shroud
  up over my shoulders exposing my raw naked back he made me lean over the bed
  for my lashings. How I detested them, each one would cut into the skin, sometimes
  one would occasionally go over one from the day before, the way in which I
  howled then must have deafened him. I got used to them however and one morning
  I was up before he came to my room, I decided to cut out the beginning , I
  hitched my skirt high up over my shoulders and lent over in position and waited
  for him. When he entered the room I saw the biggest smile spread across his
  face, "you may cover" was all he said to me then beckoned me to follow him
  as usual to breakfast. That was the first breakfast id had in the morning room
  of that house being able to sit down comfortably, I realised how I had pleased
  him and avoided the whipping and vowed to always to be up, bent over ready
  for him from then on.  
Slowly I was learning how to please my master, he showed me how to take his
  huge cock down into my throat without chocking, at first I hated this too,
  I would gag and choke the second it hit the back of my throat, he would pin
  me down and ram it in, raping my throat, slapping me harshly if I pulled away
  from him, but I soon learned to like it.  
As time progressed I learned how to wait on him hand and foot, I took special
  lessons from a local chef on how to prepare and cook his meals. In all honesty
  I enjoyed it, I was useful and I had a master who was loving and kind as long
  as I obeyed him and pleased him. The biggest reward for me was to see his satisfied
  smile whenever I had completed a task exactly how he had set me. I hated being
  disciplined though, I hated it when he ignored me or beat me, I know though
  if I did as I was told and followed the rules he wouldn't, he was only teaching
  me how to be a good wife, I loved him for it.  
I remember the day I first met his son, he was so tall and handsome, I was
  presented to him at his birthday. I stayed in my room until the master came
  through with him.  
 "Remove" master said, I did as I was told and stood there in all my glory,
  I watched as his son surveyed my entire body, touching me and gliding his fingers
  over my moist clammy skin, I felt so nervous, I wasn't bothered about my nakedness
  I had learnt from Master this was a good thing when requested, but I wanted
  to please him and his son, I was so afraid I wasn't going to be able to.  
Here I have remained, in masters house until this day, today I am to be wed
  to his son, to the man I've only ever met once, I am terrified, I'm also so
  very afraid to leave my master, his son lives a long distance away, I know
  that I will probably never see him again, if marrying his son is the last thing
  I can do to make him smile in gratitude for something I have completed perfectly,
  then I will do it.  
 Littlered  
 TAKEN -2   
   
 M  y heart raced deep inside my chest, I could feel
  the blood being forced around every inch of my soul, as I heard his chariot
  pull up outside.  
 Master's voice was prominent and echoed around the halls as he greeted my
  soon to be husband.  
 The wedding was to take place in the elegant grounds of masters hall, all
  I had to do was stay in my room and wait till the music was played. I had been
  instructed on how to behave down to how I should take my first step from this
  room. Master had engaged a woman to dress me, it had been months since I had
  worn anything but my shroud, and I felt peculiar as I stood and looked at the
  strange image smiling back at me from the mirror.  
 This golden dress was one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen,
  it clung flatteringly to my delicate figure, my breast's stood prominent from
  the Basque beneath and my feet were clad in golden slippers. How elegant I
  looked, but I knew that from that day on, that would be the last dress or clothing
  of any kind other than my shroud that would decorate my flesh.  
How long I stood there in the mirror, I embraced every moment of my last
  moments in my masters house.  
 My heart fluttered as I took my first step from my room when I was called,
  the music started. The room was full of figures of people I had never seen
  before, how the women looked elegant in their white dresses and the men so
  handsome in their dark suits, none however where as handsome as Master.  
 I could see my husband to be, seated at the far end in front of the man
  who would perform the ceremony. I did everything as instructed; I kissed the
  hands of the women as I passed, then the feet of the men in the front few rows
  of seats, and then took my place by his side.  
 The service was long and drawn out although I couldn't understand a word.  
I sat in that seat the whole of the day, not daring to move, I knew my place.  
 When all the guests had left Master approached me "on your knees" I did
  as he requested and looked up at his chest," you performed well today, I am
  proud of you, now you have but one task to complete for me"  
"I am willing to accomplish any task you set me sir, to the best of my abilities" I
  said as I lowered my head.  
His hand rested lightly on my crown, "then follow me" he demanded.  
I did as he requested and my husband, Master and I went to a room in the
  house I had never seen before.  
 The stairs were steep on the decent and a few times I was worried I would
  trip, the candle master held barely lit the path in front of him, and it didn't
  reach my feet.  
"Remove the clothes" my husband demanded, this was one of the first ever
  orders he gave me and I followed it instinctively.  
It was cold down there, seems we were in a cellar of some sort. When the
  lamps around the room where lit, my eyes widened as I saw a range of, what
  can only be described as equipment. I didn't know the use for most of them;
  however the chains attached to the frame in the centre I had a good idea about.  
 There I stood in all my glory, my nipples as hard as bullets, and my groin
  dampening with every second that passed. Unable to stare into his eyes, I looked
  at his body as he removed his top; leaving only his trousers and waist band,
  I turned and looked at Master he had done the same.  
"This will be your last ever lesson with me" Master said, as he approached
  and helped me to my feet.  
My heart began to race as he placed the shackles around my wrists and chained
  me to the ceiling, my arms spread, I was vulnerable and defenceless.  
My husband walked over to the wall and took down a whip, which was hanging
  there, I knew what was coming and so closed my eyes, gritted my teeth and bore
  the brunt of the flogging, this was unlike any flogging id ever had before.
  He alternated his strokes from light and caressing to severe and sinister.
  My legs twisted up together and I tried with all my might to stay on my feet,
  the flogging didn't stop however until I could no longer take the weight of
  my body, I hung there limp and useless.  
 I remember coming to and looking over at them, they were perched on the
  floor together drinking and laughing, laughing at me. I was still in the shackles,
  my back and legs were sore from the blows and my wrists were torn and bleeding
  from the restraints.  
 Something was new though; I looked down and saw the bar they had placed
  between my legs. I cringed as I saw they had shaved me totally, they had removed
  my maiden hair.  
"It's about time you awoke" said my husband as he came towards me. He ran
  his fingers over my tender inflamed flesh, I moved a little, terrified of his
  touch and he slapped me. "Is that anyway to greet your new master" he said
  as he kissed the remnants of my soft tissue.  
"Sorry sir" I whimpered, I hung my head low so I wasn't looking into his
  face and steadied my posture as he slipped his fingers between my buttocks.  
I had never been invaded by a man's piece until then, the nearest I had got
  was sucking my previous master. My new master wasn't interested in this at
  the moment, I felt his fingers slide inside my tense tight pussy, he looked
  at his father and smiled "Thank you father, she is still everything I expected
  from you". I felt his fingers make their way around to my anus; I gritted my
  teeth as he parted my cheeks and slid his thick thumb inside my bum hole.  
 Once satisfied, he unchained my hands from the ceiling, what a relief this
  was for a few seconds, until he re-shackled my hands to the leg spreader, bending
  me as far as I ever thought would be possible. Gathering the chain from the
  ceiling he attached it to the bar and pulled me off the floor with his sheer
  strength. There I hung, legs wide apart arms attached to the bar, every opening
  as wide as possible for his perusal and use.  
 I stared upward at the roof as he swung me gently too and fro, caressing
  my soft massacred skin, then I felt him enter me, shivers ran down my spine
  as this alien intruder invaded and violated my sacred opening.  
The pain was momentary but the memory of that moment will stay with me forever.  
Afterward I was released from my tethers and ordered to dress, here I sit
  in the coach on the way to my new masters abode, a mixture of feelings sinking
  and tearing me apart, what was the future going to bring.  
 Littlered.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlered


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





