BDSM Library - The Survey




The Survey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman gets more than she bargained for when she persistently tries to get a man, more interested in his work than the proposed new road, to fill in a survey form. He ensnares her using 'mouse magic'.The Survey   
Synopsis   
A woman gets more than she bargained for when she persistently tries to get
  a man, more interested in his work than the proposed new road, to fill in a
  survey form. He ensnares her using 'mouse magic'.  
Warnings   
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF NC Spanking Rom  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
The Survey   
by obohobo  
Chapter 1. The first attempt   
&quot;Ding-dong. Ding-dong.&quot;  
Jan waited nervously at the slightly ajar door. She'd done nothing like this
  before and wouldn't be doing it now if Charlene hadn't insisted. &quot;Just
  because she goes out to work...&quot; She pushed the bell again. &quot;They
  must be in if the door is open.&quot; Once more she checked her clipboard for
  the name of the occupant.  
&quot;Sod it!&quot; Tom swore, &quot;Who's at bloody the door now?&quot; He
  looked at the monitor mounted above the workbench and swore again. The screen
  showed a well-dressed woman standing at his side entrance holding a clipboard
  and a sheaf of leaflets. &quot;Bloody door-to-door salesmen. Can't the stupid
  bitch read the notice on the door?&quot; Angry at having to stop work he carefully
  placed the gouge on the non-slip mat and stomped down the path from his garden
  workshop.  
Looking round at the sound, Jan put on an apprehensive smile, &quot;Good
  afternoon Mr. Wright. I wonder if&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Whatever you're selling I don't want it! Can't you read the notice?
  It clearly says no salesmen. You people are just a pain in the arse! There
  ought be a law against the likes of you disturbing others getting on with their
  business,&quot; Tom shouted.  
For a moment Jan was taken aback at the onslaught of abuse. She wasn't expecting
  this sort of reception and this was only the first house but she put on her
  smile again and answered, &quot;I'm not selling anything Mr. Wright, I'm doing
  a survey, it's about the new road. It will affect you particularly and&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I haven't the time or the inclination to answer a lot of damn fool
  questions. You've already upset my concentration, now just piss off and leave
  a man to work in peace.&quot;  
&quot;But if&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Bugger off woman! I don't want to know! Just get off my property.&quot;  
A tear trickled down Jan's cheek as she turned and made her way back down
  the drive. &quot;How could a man be so rude? He wouldn't even listen to her.
  If we don't all get together they'll push the new road through without any
  concessions to our needs and wishes. And his property will back right on to
  it. Only the river between him and the road and that's not much more than a
  stream.&quot; She muttered to herself as she returned to the street and went
  to the next house in the village. Any reception she got there couldn't be worse
  than the one she'd just had. Again she asked herself, &quot;Why oh why did
  I let Charlene talk me into this? She knows I'm no good at talking to people.
  She's the personal assistant with all the charm.&quot;  
Local government had chosen the western route for the Dornton town by-pass,
  a route that would cut the village of Ranford in two. A public enquiry to approve
  the route was scheduled for a month's time but Jan Wykes and her companion
  believed that would only be a formality. At best they would concede details
  such as putting up proper sound barriers instead of planting shrubs that would
  take twenty years to grow enough to be effective. Jan and Charlene were also
  hoping to get enough support to force them to provide a vehicle bridge crossing
  so that the journey from one half of the village to the other would not involve
  a three-mile detour. Only a footbridge was on the plans.  
Tom's bungalow stood behind a terrace row of eight, seventeenth century almshouses,
  now reserved for the elderly, and being of historical importance, were 'listed
  buildings'. His access drive lay sandwiched between the end house and the village
  cemetery. Many years ago a previous occupant owned a riding school and built
  brick stables across the end of what was then the kitchen garden. Tom converted
  them into his woodwork shops, with the end one put aside specifically for his
  carving. It was because he spent so much time at the workbench there, he'd
  installed an inconspicuous CCTV camera focused on the side door, which was
  the main entrance to the bungalow. In addition he put a Babycom unit in the
  hall and another in the workshop so the door chimes were relayed to the workshop.  
Behind his workshop lay a one-acre paddock, now an old orchard. Twice a year
  a local contractor came and cut the semi-wilderness between the trees but otherwise
  most of the paddock was left for nature to do its own thing. Tom loved it there
  and spent many hours watching the birds and insects; all provided subjects
  for his carvings. Three sides of the orchard were bounded by an oxbow in the
  river Wen. Tom owned it all. It was his alone and no one else had access to
  it.  
Jan checked her clipboard for the name of the occupant and with some trepidation,
  knocked at the door of the next house. &quot;Good afternoon Mrs. Merideth,
  I'm Jan Wykes and I wonder if you would care to spare a few moments to help
  me fill in a survey questionnaire about the new road?&quot;  
The elderly lady beamed, &quot;Come in dear. You look as tho' you could do
  with a cuppa. I'm Martha, by the way. Didja try and go to 'im behind us?&quot; Jan
  nodded. &quot;Thought yer looked upset,&quot; Martha chattered on as she fussed
  in the kitchen. Shortly afterwards she directed Jan to a seat in the living
  room and returned with a tray of tea things and a plate of biscuits. &quot;I
  think I remember seeing you in church a week or two back. You're one of them
  newcomers from that there new estate they jus built t'other side of the river.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I've only been in the village a few months and thought it was
  going to be an idyllic quiet sort of place and now just as I settle in, they
  decide to put a road right through it. My companion and I don't want to go
  through the move again so we're trying to get them to minimise the damage but
  we need the support of the whole village.&quot; Jan started the spiel she'd
  rehearsed but Martha interrupted.  
&quot;Yer didna get na' support from Tom Wright, I bet. I guess yer weren't
  to know tho'. Ya have two things against yer. Fust off, you're a woman. He's
  a bit agin women right now, especially women in fine suits. His wife dressed
  like that, well she wasn't really his wife but they lived t'gether like they
  wuz, and she up and left him and went to live with the man she wu'ked for.
  You no doubt saw 'ow 'e was dressed. Maroon smock tied around the waist with
  a mile of rope, woolly hat and slippers? Shavings in his beard?&quot;  
The apt description brought a smile to Jan's face, &quot;Yes, if he'd had
  a hood to the smock I'd have thought he was a monk. I don't usually dress like
  this either but Charlene, my companion, thought it would look more official
  and business like.&quot;  
&quot;Well there was also another woman dressed like you. Ya may 'ave heard
  them developers want his property to build some posh houses. The fact that
  tha orchard floods in winter didna seem to worry 'em but the problem wuz access.
  The only access is along 'is drive an' then they would have to knock his house
  and his precious workshop down. Tom stood out agin them tho' I 'erd they offered
  a great deal of money, so they sent this ere young lady round. Think it twas
  all highly illegal cuz she tried to seduce him and then get him to sell but
  he affixed on to 'er and sent her packing. So yer see he's got a thing about
  sales people and specially saleswomen.&quot;  
&quot;He didn't have to swear at me though. You said there were two things
  against me, Martha.&quot;  
&quot;T'other wuz yer timing. I bet 'e was working at 'is carving and 'e
  'ad to stop to answer the doorbell. That puts 'is back up straight away. If
  yer catch 'im in the right mood, he's a nice enough bloke but if yer disturb
  'is carving 'e gets angrier than a caged wasp. You ain't seen the work he does.
  Them birds and animals are real lifelike and beautiful. His house is full of
  them. I think it takes a lot of concentration so if that gets broken, it's
  difficult fer 'im to start again. I know what 'e's like, m'dear. Talks as nice
  a pie when I see 'im clearing a few weeds in his garden and 'e's helpful too.
  Done and helped me a few times and my granddaughter thinks the world of 'im.
  She's ten and a small group of them from school went on a nature walk with
  'im and 'e told 'em so much of what they didn't normally see in an old hedge.&quot;  
&quot;How would I know when to find him in a good mood?&quot; Jan asked.  
&quot;Well, if I hasta go and see 'im special like, I go about 10:30. He
  allus seems to stop and go and make a pot of tea then and eat a biscuit. He's
  pretty regular doing it too. Only Tuesdays does he miss cuz he's in town shopping.
  You may 'ave seen 'im riding his bike. Looks like a gnome on wheels!&quot; Martha
  and Jan chuckled. &quot;Here lass, let me take these tea things away and then
  us 'ad better fill that form thing out otherwise I'll keep you chatting all
  afternoon.&quot;  
Chapter 2. Second attempt   
Hysterical sobs came from the soap on television but Jan saw none of it.
  Her mind was on that rude man and what to do about him. She would have left
  it and concentrated on the others but Charlene brusquely said, &quot;You're
  not going to let him get away with that, are you?&quot; when she told her what
  happened.  
Charlene was the dominant one in the relationship. The pair came together
  about five years ago after Charlene's divorce and the death of Jan's husband
  but they had known each other since their schooldays. Now they were approaching
  fifty and jointly owned the house. Although their characters were very different,
  they generally got on well together. Charlene was outgoing and frequently dated
  men; Jan was shyer and rarely went out, preferring the company of the TV and
  her books. She enjoyed lovemaking with Charlene but didn't consider herself
  a lesbian or perhaps, as she put it, a part-time lesbian. Had the opportunity
  arose, she would have taken a man to her bed but, unlike Charlene, she couldn't
  bring herself to go to pubs or clubs. They were too rowdy and smoky for her
  liking.  
While her husband was alive Jan was a full-time housewife and when he tragically
  died from a heart attack at an early age, she was well provided for and didn't
  feel like finding a job. On the other hand, Charlene had always worked and
  now was employed as personal assistant to the director of a theatre company,
  a job that brought her into contact with many people. A job she enjoyed. Even
  though it was midweek, she was out on a date with a man she met through her
  work. Thus Jan was left on her own to contemplate what to do.  
&quot;Why don't you go round at 10:30 like Martha suggested?&quot; Charlene
  asked next morning. &quot;Stand at the door and when he comes for his tea,
  hit him with the form. Don't take no for an answer. Treat him like he did you.
  If he shouts and you, you shout back.&quot; Jan knew Charlene would do that
  easily but she knew too, that if he rounded on her again like he did yesterday,
  she would give in a run away in tears. Unfortunately she couldn't think of
  a better plan.  
A little after ten she walked over the footbridge and arrived early in drizzling
  rain. Unwilling to go directly to the door, she strolled into the cemetery
  and peered through the hedge. With the bright lights on in the workshop she
  could easily see him chipping away with his back to the window. The side door
  to the house was again open and if anything further than the previous day. &quot;What
  if I slipped inside and had everything ready on the table for him when he came
  in for tea, then he would have to see me. Unless he threw me out.&quot; Jan
  pondered what to do. The rain came down harder and she would get very wet if
  she waited outside for much longer.  
Keeping close to the shelter of the house wall, where she thought he wouldn't
  spot her from the workshop window, she came to the half-opened door and hesitated.
  Her mind raged with arguments for going in, staying out and giving up. She
  knew Charlene would be very cross with her if she didn't try. &quot;But all
  this is her idea,&quot; she told herself, &quot;She should be doing all this
  survey work. She's the one who can put the case to the people so much better
  than I can. Just because she has a job and is only free weekends&hellip;&quot; Summoning
  all her will power, Jan slipped inside the house.  
&quot;What's that bitch doing now?&quot; Tom growled as his eyes caught the
  movement on the monitor. He watched as she stood hesitantly by the door. &quot;I'll
  wait till she rings the bloody bell and then give her hell.&quot; But she didn't
  ring the bell, she waited and looked uncertain and then went inside. Puzzled,
  Tom decided to leave her for a few minutes and then catch her in whatever she
  was doing. Listening carefully at the Babycom speaker, he heard her footsteps
  on the hall floor. &quot;Perhaps she really wants one of my carvings. Surely
  she doesn't still want the stupid survey filled in. She's still carrying the
  clipboard but that might only be a ruse if she was caught. If I wait a bit
  until she has collected a few things, I'll have her red handed.&quot; Over
  the Babycom he heard the distinctive squeak of the kitchen door.  
The first room on the right from the hallway, was the kitchen dining room
  and Jan decided that would be the ideal place for her to wait. He would have
  to come in there to put the kettle on. Taking off her wet coat, she draped
  it around a chair and then sat at the dining table, spread the forms and took
  her pen out ready. In the centre of the table was a delightful carved wren
  on a bough. It attracted Jan and she picked it up. &quot;It's lovely,&quot; she
  said to herself but the side door opening and footsteps entering distracted
  her attention. She started to tremble.  
Tom entered the hallway quietly and noted the kitchen door was not open as
  far as it would normally be. Instead of entering he walked by but took a quick
  peep through the crack between the hinges and the jamb. Jan sat at the table
  with the wren in her hand. &quot;I'll give her a chance to put it in her purse
  and then nab her.&quot; Tom walked on and went into the bathroom and, leaving
  the door open as usual, peed noisily. He flushed and washed his hands but left
  the tap running. &quot;She'll think I'm still in here and make her move to
  escape. Then I'll have her.&quot;  
Undoing the rope from around his smock he crept back along the hall and was
  surprised to see her still sitting at the table. &quot;Why hasn't she tried
  to run?&quot; His annoyance didn't give him time to reason an answer. Quickly
  he entered the room and looped the rope around Jan's body just below her breasts
  and wound it around the back of her chair. It was long enough to go round a
  second time.  
&quot;No! What are you doing?&quot; Jan screamed as Tom put a second loop
  around her and fastened the ends tightly, pinning her arms and body to the
  chair.  
&quot;I think it is more to the point, what are you doing?&quot; Tom asked
  angrily. &quot;I find you in my house, uninvited, with one of my carvings in
  your hands so I suspect you intended to steal it.&quot; Even in his anger Tom
  knew this was not the case. Had she been a thief she would have made a dash
  for it when he first entered and from the forms in front of her he knew it
  was the dreaded survey document. He wasn't going to let that deter him though;
  it was a long while since he'd had a woman helpless in front of him and he
  was determined to have some fun with her.  
&quot;Let me go!&quot; yelled Jan, &quot;I wasn't going to steal anything.
  I only wanted&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Shut up woman,&quot; Tom hissed, &quot;I told you yesterday to clear
  off but you came back so I'm forced to believe yesterday's visit was just to
  case the place. I'm going to search you now and I know the places you women
  use to hide things.&quot;  
&quot;No, please. I didn't take anything. I only&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I told you to shut up. When I came in you had the wren in your hands
  so I maybe I came just in time.&quot;  
&quot;I'll report you to the police.&quot; Jan tried to sound brave but her
  voice trembled.  
&quot;And tell them you entered my house without permission, knowing I would
  object? No lady, I don't think you'd go to the police whatever I did to you,
  not unless I caused you serious harm and I've no intention of hurting you at
  all.&quot; He left her tied for a few moments while he went and turned the
  water of in the bathroom. On his return he carried on from where he'd left
  off, &quot;First though I am going to frisk you.&quot; Tom ran his hands over
  her body and felt her trouser pockets. Nothing. He started unbuttoning Jan's
  blouse and despite her repeated protests, put his hand inside and felt her
  breasts first through her bra and then, seeing they were of the front fastening
  type opened the clasp and squeezed and played with the nipples.  
&quot;Please stop,&quot; Jan weeped, &quot;I couldn't hide anything in there.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe not but it is fun checking and maybe it will teach you not to
  come bothering me again unless you want more of this treatment. Your nipples
  seem to like it.&quot; Jan blushed but said nothing. &quot;Now I'd better check
  the other hiding place women use.&quot; Tom was smiling now. Jan though looked
  horrified as she guessed the place he meant. She also noticed the bulge in
  the front of his smock and wondered if he intended to rape her.  
&quot;No please, you mustn't. It's disgusting. I'll scream.&quot;  
&quot;Fat lot of good that will do you. I doubt Martha the gossip is out
  in her garden in this weather and there won't be anyone in the cemetery that
  can hear you. I could always gag you if I have to.&quot; Jan knew he was right
  and kept quiet. Tom dragged her chair away from the table to give him more
  room and pulled her skirt up as far as it would go. &quot;White cotton knickers,
  very staid,&quot; he commented. Tears ran down Jan's cheeks and she knew she
  was blushing furiously. She tried to close her legs tightly but with her body
  and arms roped to the chair, Tom easily overcame her resistance and forced
  her thighs apart. First he rubbed around the outside of the fabric and then
  slid his hand inside and massaged her hairy mound. &quot;My God, you're really
  turned on by all this. Your cunt is dripping.&quot; Jan closed her eyes as
  if that would help hide her shame. &quot;Doesn't seem to be anything there,&quot; Tom
  announced, &quot;Let's see what's in your handbag.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, no. Please no.&quot; Jan pleaded her face beetroot red, &quot;There's
  nothing in there of yours.&quot;  
&quot;Then there's nothing for you to worry about,&quot; Tom remarked as
  he emptied the bag on the table. &quot;Oh now I see what you were worried about,&quot; he
  laughed. Amongst the cosmetics and other female paraphernalia was a purple
  plastic vibrator. Tom picked it up and twisted the end. It hummed into life.  
&quot;Please Mr. Wright, please don't humiliate me like this? I'm really
  sorry I came back. Please just let me go. I wouldn't have come back if Charlene
  hadn't made me. She's the real organiser behind this survey.&quot;  
Tom just laughed again. &quot;Who's Charlene?&quot; Jan told him but he didn't
  seem all that interested. Instead he held the humming vibrator near her face, &quot;I
  suppose you are going to plead that this is just a personal massager for when
  your muscles get tired. I've seen the magazine adverts.&quot; He rubbed the
  end up and down her neck. Jan shook her head. It was no use her denying what
  it was for, nor could she explain why it was in her handbag, not even to herself.
  It was just somewhere she always kept it and in the inside side zipped pocket
  it should have been safe from prying eyes.  
&quot;Perhaps I should use it where it is intended then?&quot; Tom was all
  smiles now, his anger long forgotten. He studied the women with more interest
  as she again shook her head in protest. &quot;She's not too badly built,&quot; he
  thought, &quot;About my own age. Seems a bit timid. Many women would have laid
  into me with a lot more verbal abuse. Maybe I can have some more fun with her
  after all she is very aroused just by being trussed up.&quot; Tom used the
  vibrator to rub her slit on the outside of her knickers and then pushed the
  material aside so it had contact with her bare cuntal lips and clit. &quot;I
  guess it knows its way round there pretty well by now Jan.&quot;  
&quot;Please stop, please,&quot; Jan pleaded but her voice was weak as her
  body gave way to the emotions building in her loins. Tom, sensing this, concentrated
  on her clit until she squirmed in her seat until shortly afterwards she climaxed
  with a cry. He turned the vibrator off and grinned.  
&quot;Jan,&quot; he said in a voice kinder than she'd heard before, &quot;I'm
  going to untie you but before I give you back your handbag, you are going to
  join me in a cuppa and tell me what this is all about.&quot; Tom indicated
  the papers now well scattered over the table and floor, &quot;And about yourself.&quot; He
  paused and then went on, &quot;I'm not going to apologise for what I did because
  you enjoyed it. I said I wouldn't hurt you and I haven't although I may have
  embarrassed you a little&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;That's an understatement,&quot; muttered Jan as she rubbed her arms
  where the rope had pinched into them.  
&quot;Maybe but don't kid me, you got off on it and I enjoyed it too. Haven't
  played with a woman like that since Sheila left.&quot;  
&quot;Mr. Wright&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Tom.&quot;  
&quot;Tom, I know I shouldn't have just come into your house,&quot; Jan said, &quot;But
  I wasn't intending to steal anything. It was just that I didn't want to incur
  your wrath by ringing the bell again and Martha said&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;She's the village gossip. Good soul, but don't believe everything she
  says. Now shall be go into the lounge and have that tea?&quot; 
Chapter 3. Dinner date   
&quot;You wouldn't believe what he did to me Charlene,&quot; Jan told her
  companion that evening. &quot;It was so embarrassing. Humiliating even.&quot; Jan
  went on to relate the morning's events.  
&quot;Sounds like you had a memorable morning,&quot; Charlene smiled, &quot;And
  no doubt he turned you on.&quot; Jan lowered her eyes. She'd not mentioned
  how wet she'd got in her narrative but Charlene knew her well and her predilection
  for being helpless to control her situation and emotions. &quot;But you managed
  to do the survey?&quot;  
&quot;No. He's invited me to dinner tomorrow night and said we would go through
  it then. I don't think I want to go Charlene. Not after what happened this
  morning.&quot;  
&quot;Are you daft girl! This is the first date you've had in years. You
  reckon he's about your age and he gave you a good time even though you're trying
  to tell me differently and you want to pass the chance by without even exploring
  it? You jolly well make sure you accept. Better still, invite me along. I'd
  like to meet this gnome on wheels with the rough temper and the gentle touch.
  Phone him now and ask.&quot; Jan hesitated. &quot;Go on, do it!&quot; Charlene
  ordered.  
&quot;I'm not sure he&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Do it!&quot;  
&quot;It's at five o'clock sharp and you'll not be home from work.&quot;  
&quot;I'll get off early. It's a Friday and they owe me a bit of time off.  
&quot;Let me have the phone number and I'll do it.&quot; Charlene began to
  get a little annoyed with Jan prevarication.  
&quot;Tom made me swear not to tell it to anyone, including you,&quot; Jan
  stated, &quot;It's ex-directory.&quot;  
&quot;Well get on and phone him yourself. Do it now girl. This instant.&quot;  
The voice that answered was abrupt until he heard Jan's voice and then it
  softened and enquired. &quot;Have you recovered enough to accept my invitation?&quot; When
  Jan explained that Charlene wanted to come too, he was reluctant but finally
  agreed. Tom had hoped to use his cock on her instead of the plastic imitation.
  With a third person present, that would not be very likely. Maybe she needed
  a little security this time but perhaps in the future?  
&quot;That was an excellent meal. Thank you for inviting me Tom,&quot; Charlene
  smiled winningly at the man in front of her. He wasn't the type of man she
  would go out with but he might be used to serve her purpose. &quot;I'm sure
  Jan will wish to help you with the washing-up. I daren't put my hands in soapy
  water unless it is non-allergic.&quot;  
&quot;Bossy bitch,&quot; thought Tom, perhaps that is why Jan's so timid. &quot;That's
  okay,&quot; Tom replied, &quot;You can clear the table while we do the dishes.&quot; This
  wasn't quite what Charlene wanted but she was obliged to go along with it.  
An hour later, they sat in the lounge. Tom had given them the grand tour
  and showed his carvings and even the fastidious Charlene had to concede they
  were wonderful works of art. Now she turned to the subject of the survey and
  soon became embroiled in an argument. Tom didn't support her need for a road
  bridge, he could get across the footbridge on his bike and the road would only
  mean more noise and traffic in the village. Sound barriers too, were of little
  concern to him. Shrubs would do fine. He had a built in sound barrier in the
  form of an orchard. At one point the argument became very heated but still
  Tom wouldn't concede to the woman's wishes. Inwardly fuming still, Charlene
  decided to take her anger out on Jan.  
&quot;I understand that Janet here, broke into your home this morning and
  didn't get punished for it. I thought you were more of a man than that Thomas.&quot; Jan
  immediately pricked up her ears. When Charlene used her full name, something
  was going to happen. Something unpleasant.  
&quot;Oh I don't know, I think she got her comeuppance.&quot;  
&quot;From what she told me, it was just a very nice interlude. No punishment
  at all.&quot;  
&quot;You think I should have gone to the police, Charlene?&quot; Tom wondered
  where this was leading.  
&quot;It wasn't pleasant,&quot; Jan burst out hotly, &quot;It was most unpleasant,
  as you well know.&quot;  
Charlene ignored the remark. &quot;I would have thought a good hard spanking
  more appropriate. On the bare of course.&quot;  
&quot;NO!&quot; Jan yelled, &quot;Charlene stop. Don't force him to do that
  to me. I know what you're like. You'll&hellip;&quot;  
Again her cry was ignored. &quot;A good hard spanking is what she needs.
  A spanking from a man, a real man.&quot; Charlene went on.  
To Tom this was an unexpected turn of events. Much as he hated the bossy
  woman, Tom found the prospect of baring Jan's arse and spanking it, very titillating, &quot;Maybe
  you're right but I don't feel it is necessary for it to be a public spanking.
  Perhaps you would care to return home and leave me to deal with Jan?&quot;  
&quot;Oh no. I would need to be here to make sure you didn't go too far.
  It needs to be supervised.&quot;  
&quot;She wants to make sure he hits hard enough,&quot; thought Jan and I
  believed she was my friend. She'd often been given a light spanking by Charlene
  during their lovemaking sessions but realised that Charlene was very angry
  inside but not showing it. Charlene wanted her to suffer for what she thought
  was her part in it.  
Tom was torn. On the one hand he wanted to have Jan naked over his knee and
  redden her arse and then take her to bed and on the other he just wanted to
  cuddle the woman in private. &quot;If I give her a good hiding now, she'll
  never want to come back and I won't get my prick in her anyway. Perhaps the
  bitch has other cards up her sleeve,&quot; he mused. &quot;Okay, you want she
  gets a spanking and you think she needs it, fine. I just hope you two remain
  friends afterwards. Jan, I'm willing to overlook this morning's episode but
  Charlene has other ideas. I'm going to leave it up to you. You can leave right
  now or do as your companion wants. If you stay, you must remove your dress
  and bare your bottom and take the spanking.&quot;  
This put Jan in a difficult position. If she went home, Charlene would never
  forgive her and there would be a cold war between them for months. If she took
  the spanking it could be very painful but Charlene would care for her like
  a baby. Or perhaps he would? Jan unzipped her dress, lowered her knickers and
  draped herself across Tom's thighs. Already his prick was hardening and she
  could feel it against her stomach. Almost unconsciously she wriggled against
  it as Tom pulled her to the most favourable position.  
The first blow hit the soft flesh of her left cheek. &quot;Ooooww!!&quot; Jan
  cried, the pain was greater than she had ever experienced with Charlene. Moments
  later she responded in the same vein and her right cheek suffered a similar
  fate.  
&quot;Don't tickle her man, give it to her hard!&quot; Charlene urged.  
&quot;No! No more please,&quot; Jan wailed but Tom had no thoughts of giving
  up just yet. His hand rose and fell steadily until Jan was sobbing and her
  arse was deep red and painful. She'd taken about twenty smacks from his hard
  hands but besides the pain she could feel warmth spreading inside her slit.
  Tom rubbed his right hand over her bum and then between her thighs. She was
  wet again. Perhaps there was still a chance he could get his prick in her.
  Pushing her gently off his legs, he pulled her body between his thighs and
  gave her a hug and a kiss. Then another.  
&quot;Stop that,&quot; Charlene demanded, &quot;It's time we went. Get your
  dress on girl.&quot;  
&quot;We need to put some cream on her arse first,&quot; Tom suggested.  
&quot;No, this is punishment and you'll be wanting to put cream inside her
  by the looks of things.&quot; Charlene stared directly at the bulge in his
  trousers.  
Jan looked into Tom's eyes and saw the disappointment, a disappointment that
  was mirrored in her own. For a moment or two she thought of refusing to do
  as her companion demanded but somewhat reluctantly, pulled away and brushed
  her face with the back of her hand. Charlene gave her a tissue. &quot;Dry your
  eyes and thank Tom for a lovely meal and then we'll get our coats and we'll
  be off.&quot;  
&quot;Can't you can stay a while longer?&quot; Tom questioned although he
  guessed Charlene's answer.  
&quot;No, things might really get out of hand and we only came to get the
  survey filled in. Now that doesn't seem likely, we might as well be away. Thank
  you for the meal. It was very nice. I'm sorry it has to end like this.&quot;  
&quot;I'll get your things,&quot; Tom said, resigned to the fact he wasn't
  going to get any further with Jan, &quot;They're in the back bedroom. Soon
  they were ready to leave. He gave Charlene a peck on her cheek and Jan a full
  kiss and a hug, despite Charlene's frown and managed to whisper, &quot;Sorry.
  Come again.&quot; Charlene didn't give him a chance to say any more as she
  took Jan's arm and led her away. He watched as Jan limped down his drive and
  wondered what might have happened if the bitch hadn't been with her. In his
  frustration, he took out his still semi-hard prick and wanked it into the toilet.  
Chapter 4. Return visit   
Jan winced as she stretched out to shut off the alarm. Charlene stirred alongside
  her and grumpily muttered, &quot;A Saturday and I have to get up early. Why
  did I make that damned hair appointment for this time?&quot; Throwing the covers
  off them both she looked at Jan's bum. &quot;Well that is a real nice colour
  this morning. Bet it's still tender. You'll not be wanting to go round there
  any more.&quot;  
&quot;I wouldn't have gone in the first place if it wasn't for your bloody
  survey,&quot; Jan pointed out. She wasn't in a good mood. Charlene had tended
  to her bottom and her other needs when they arrived home last night but somehow
  that wasn't the same as having a real prick inside her. Something she realised
  she missed since her husband's death. Charlene had deliberately prevented that
  happening. &quot;Why?&quot; Jan wondered, &quot;She's had enough men since
  her divorce, even brought them to our home to spend the night while I slept
  in the next room.&quot; No, she wasn't in a good mood with Charlene.  
While Charlene performed in the bathroom, Jan hobbled into the kitchen and
  started the coffee machine going. &quot;What right has she to tell me whether
  or not I want to see him again. Maybe I will, if it is only to prove her wrong.
  Sometimes she is just too bossy.&quot; She made herself some toast, knowing
  her companion never had anything other than coffee for breakfast.  
Soon she was alone in the house and decided a bath might help to ease the
  stiffness in her arse but the effect was minimal. Normally she didn't wear
  much or any make-up, just a touch of powder and a smear of lipstick but seeing
  her puffy face and reddened eyes in the mirror she decided apply a little colouring
  in case anyone came to the door. The lipstick she required was in her handbag.
  It brought back memories and she blushed as she remembered her embarrassment
  when Tom tipped the contents on his kitchen table. For a while she reminisced
  on the events of the previous day and her reactions to them. Not the outward
  reactions that everyone saw, but those she kept inside herself. &quot;Why did
  I get so aroused when I had to lie naked on his legs? Why did I deliberately
  move my mound over his cock to tease him? Why was I so disappointed when Charlene
  stopped us?&quot; She foraged for her lipstick. Instead she pulled out a tiny,
  exquisitely carved harvest mouse in the form of a ring. I wasn't something
  that could be worn for any length of time but she slipped it on her middle
  finger and the mouse looked to be clinging to it ready to run along the back
  of her hand.  
&quot;It's beautiful, really sweet,&quot; she cried out aloud, &quot;But
  how did it get in my bag? Did Charlene put it there to get me into trouble
  again? I wouldn't put it past her. Or maybe he put it there. Surely not, but
  that's more likely than Charlene. She wouldn't have known about it and it wasn't
  one of the things he showed us last night. If he did it, did he want me to
  keep it? Or was he going to use it to accuse me of theft so he could spank
  me again?&quot; All these thoughts spun in her head while she dressed. For
  once she had to forgo her jeans; they were too tight against her tender bottom,
  a skirt and a loose pair of knickers were much more comfortable. &quot;What
  am I going to do about this mouse?&quot; She looked at the clock, 10:45. &quot;He'll
  be back in his workshop by now so I'll only get the answerphone or the 1571
  service if he has it. Perhaps I had better walk over. Walk? Limp more likely.
  If I wait till Charlene comes back it will give him more time to accuse me
  of theft and in any case she'll want to do things her way and that might get
  me another spanking.&quot;  
It was 11:10. Like the other day she went into the cemetery first and ascertained
  he was in his workshop before Jan starting to walk stiffly up Tom's drive. &quot;How
  will he react? Will he start swearing and hollering again for disturbing him.&quot;  
&quot;Morn'n dear.&quot; Martha, who'd suddenly appeared in her garden, interrupted
  Jan's thoughts. &quot;Did yer manage to get 'im to fill your survey in m'dear?&quot;  
&quot;No Martha, he doesn't agree with it. Thinks it doesn't really affect
  him but we'll keep trying.&quot; She hoped that would perhaps explain her visit
  today.  
&quot;Yer must want to convince 'im badly. I saw tha two of yer visit yest'd'y.&quot; Martha
  hinted there was more to it than she was being told.  
&quot;We were invited to see his carvings.&quot;  
&quot;Yes dear, and tha ones in't back room noo doubt.&quot; Again Martha
  had that look that she was saying more than her words said. Jan shook her head
  and waved her &quot;Good bye.&quot;  
Tom was concentrating on carving the feathers of a sparrow hawk. The head
  was complete and now worked on the back where the work wasn't as demanding.
  His mind was not totally on the work this morning; not after last night. He
  wondered if he would ever see her again after the bossy bitch dragged her away.
  He laid the gouge down and picked up a veiner. &quot;Tap, tap.&quot; Jan had
  waited until he wasn't actually carving before gently tapping on the window.
  He let her in.  
&quot;You come to ask me to carry on from where I left off last night?&quot; Tom
  asked but there was no harshness in his voice. &quot;I bet I could have comforted
  you better than bossy bitch.&quot; His face broke out into a wide grin and
  Jan had to laugh too.  
&quot;Perhaps you could've but I came about the mouse.&quot;  
&quot;Did you like it?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, it's so lovely. Real cheeky expression on its little face. It's
  adorable but why? I don't understand why you put it in my bag.&quot; Jan looked
  puzzled.  
&quot;I don't know really. I suppose I wanted to make up for what I did to
  you. Wanted you to have something besides a sore arse, something that bossy
  bitch wouldn't have. Did you try it on?&quot;  
&quot;Yes it fitted my middle finger just like the mouse was clinging to
  it.&quot;  
&quot;Good. Put it on again and let me see. It's the ring that made you come
  back. I put magic into it and any woman who wears it even for a short time
  will find me irresistible.&quot; Tom grinned. &quot;Magic that would make you
  come back again. Keep it on for a while and you're mine. I don't know why I
  thought of putting it in your bag. Maybe the magic affected me too. It was
  a spur of the moment thing and the ring seemed appropriate for you.&quot;  
Jan had a quick vision of Frodo and the ring of power but then laughed, &quot;I
  guess it worked. You must have some pretty strong magic. You wanted to see
  me again? To see me or just to see my bare bottom?&quot;  
&quot;Well I wouldn't mind seeing your bare bum again Jan,&quot; Tom smiled
  at her, &quot;But more than that, I felt I wanted to see you as a person.&quot; Before
  Jan could react, Tom gave her a bear hug and a kiss. &quot;Let's go make some
  lunch.&quot;  
&quot;How is your bum Jan? I see you don't walk normally so I guess it's
  stiff,&quot; Tom asked when they sat in the lounge on the same settee as he'd
  spanked her. &quot;Can I see?&quot;  
&quot;You can see but not touch with your hard hands,&quot; Jan laughed,
  she was beginning to enjoy the company of the scruffy looking man. Reaching
  under her skirt, she pushed her knickers down and then raised the hem so he
  had a clear view of her colourful rear.  
&quot;Sorry,&quot; Tom apologised, &quot;I wouldn't have hit as hard if bossy
  bitch hadn't goaded me. In fact I didn't intend to spank you but I did hope
  to get my prick in your snatch.&quot; Tom was forthright in his intentions. &quot;I
  wouldn't mind doing it now. Would you like some cream on your arse?&quot;  
&quot;Or in my snatch as you so crudely put it?&quot; They both laughed. &quot;Perhaps
  we'd better just put cream on the outside for starters. It's been a long while
  since my husband died and this has come on so quickly. I know next to nothing
  about you.&quot;  
&quot;Except that you'll do what I tell you to do now you've accepted the
  magic of the mouse. If I tell you to open your legs ready for fucking, you'll
  do it won't you?&quot;  
&quot;I don't know about that&hellip;&quot; Jan stammered. Her mind wondered
  if she refused, would be tie her down and do it anyway. Tom's answer left her
  in no doubt.  
&quot;You will otherwise you won't have any choice. Let the magic do its
  work. Don't fight it. Now let's go into the bedroom and I can start soothing
  the outside of your bum.&quot;  
&quot;I don't think I should&hellip;Perhaps I ought to leave&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Stop fighting it Jan. You can't deny yourself.&quot; Tom grabbed her
  wrist and pulled her into his room and pushed her on to the unmade bed. Do
  you wish to take your clothes off voluntarily or shall I do it for you?&quot; Jan
  decided to do it herself but even so her hands trembled so badly she couldn't
  undo her blouse and Tom had to do them for her. Seeing her shaking, Tom said
  quietly, &quot;Jan, I'm not going to hurt you. It should be a pleasure for
  us both.&quot;  
&quot;Then why am I naked when you're not?&quot; A hint of a smile lifted
  the corners of Jan's lips. She pointed the mouse at him, &quot;Undress,&quot; she
  ordered.  
&quot;That's better,&quot; laughed Tom. &quot;Help me off with my clothes.
  If you're afraid of pregnancy, I have a condom. There's no need to be nervous.&quot;  
&quot;No, that's not it. I'd probably be past that anyway. In any case I
  had a hysterectomy some years ago which is why I never had any children. It's
  just that seeing that thing of yours is so much bigger than Ben's, I don't
  know if&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Of course you can take it. I haven't known any women that can't but
  apart from my wife, well partner, there haven't been many.&quot; Tom pulled
  her close, crushing her breasts to his chest and kissed her. He kissed her
  again and forced his tongue into her mouth. French kissing was something she
  was used to doing with Charlene and could respond to with ease. More disconcerting
  was the prick trapped against her belly and the wetness of her cunt.  
&quot;Tom, I think I'd better have the internal cream first before it makes
  a mess over everything.&quot; Jan giggled like a schoolgirl a quarter of her
  age. &quot;Please take it gently. The vibrator isn't anywhere near as big as
  you.&quot; Tom's entry was easier than either of them expected and he was soon
  pumping away while she squealed under him. With each thrust she could feel
  the tenderness of her bottom but that only seemed to arouse her further. Soon
  she cried out her climax and a minute or so later, Tom sent his cream into
  her body cavity.  
&quot;Thanks,&quot; Jan said, &quot;I used to enjoy it with Ben, but that
  was great, especially after such a long time.&quot;  
&quot;The pleasure was all mine, Jan.&quot;  
For a while they lay under the bedclothes, gently fondling each other but
  not talking much. Each engrossed in their own thoughts.  
&quot;I wonder what Charlene would say if she could see me now,&quot; Jan
  mused.  
Chapter 5. Payback time   
Charlene would have half murdered her. The morning had not gone well. First
  the girl who normally did her hair called in sick and two girls had to do the
  work of three, then the drier broke down and she had to wait for another to
  be free. All this made her an hour late and she arrived home to an empty house,
  no lunch prepared and no note to say where she was.  
&quot;I'll strangle the bitch. I'm supposed to meet Judy in half an hour.
  I'll give her such a hiding that she'll think the one last night was just a
  playful slap. I'll&hellip;&quot; Charlene continued think up more and more
  bizarre tortures for her friend. &quot;Where is she?&quot; She tried phoning
  the likely friends of theirs but in the back of her mind she suspected the
  truth. She was with that man. And Charlene didn't have his phone number. But
  why would she go there on her own, after what he did to her last night? After
  what she said this morning? Charlene knew Jan was somewhat attracted to him
  but it was completely out of character for her to take off on her own to meet
  a man, a man she'd only known for a couple of days and who'd soundly spanked
  her. &quot;If she's gone there, she could be in real trouble. He wasn't pleased
  that I dragged her home before he fucked her. That he made very obvious. She
  wasn't best pleased either for that matter so perhaps she went there to continue
  on from last night. Perhaps he phoned her.&quot; She tried 1571 but there had
  been no calls. &quot;What if she's in danger? Being raped? Sod the you Jan.
  That's going to mess up my afternoon as well.&quot;  
However despite the fact that she told herself the matter was urgent, it
  was an hour before she finally set out for the footbridge across the river.
  As if pre-warned, Martha appeared in her garden just as Charlene turned to
  walk up the drive.  
&quot;Aft'noon dearie,&quot; she greeted, &quot;Yer enjoy yoursel's round
  'is last night? 'E don't often have lady visitors.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, thank you Martha. Did you see my friend who was doing the survey
  come round this morning?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yeah dearie, she came by 'bout eleven. Haven't seen 'er leave yet
  but I'm not watching all the time so she could 'ave left without me knowin'.&quot;  
&quot;Unlikely,&quot; thought Charlene but she thanked her and continued
  along the drive. &quot;If he's not in his workshop they're in the house together.
  I'll creep in and catch them at it.&quot;  
&quot;I thought you'd have photos of your 'wife', Tom? I haven't seen any.
  Did you destroy them all when she left?&quot; Jan asked.  
&quot;We didn't take many photos and she took most of them when she cleared
  off. I've still got the drawings I did of her but they are rather rude. Things
  we did when we first got together before she started getting it off with her
  boss and not having time to do it with me.&quot; Tom sounded bitter.  
&quot;Can I see them?&quot;  
&quot;You may be shocked.&quot; Tom thought for a moment and then decided, &quot;Okay.&quot; It
  would give her some idea of what he might like to do with her in the future.
  If it put her right off, then it was probably better to do it now than after
  they'd been together for a while, that is if she wanted to get together with
  him. He went into the back bedroom and returned with an art folder. &quot;We
  did it in many different ways and she liked looking at the pictures because
  it got her all horny so I didn't mind either. Sure you want to see them?&quot;  
Jan nodded and he passed her the folder. The first one showed Sheila in a
  classic nude pose. Erotic, but not obscene. The second showed the view from
  his eyes looking down at her sucking his prick whilst she looked up into his
  eyes. The picture clearly showed her hollow cheeks as she sucked over half
  of the rigid prick into her mouth. Jan was shocked not so much from what Sheila
  was doing but the fact that she allowed him to draw her doing it. And the drawing,
  like his carvings was of superb quality. Trying to think of a suitable comment
  Jan said simply, &quot;Ben liked me to do that too.&quot;  
Slowly she went through the folder with him. Tom had his arm around her shoulders
  and commented on the various positions. Sheila seemed to have taken his manhood
  into her bottom hole as well as her mouth and cunt. &quot;Have you had it up
  your arsehole?&quot; Tom asked when they looked at Sheila in that position.  
&quot;Only a few times. It hurt a bit and Ben didn't seem overly keen. He
  preferred the proper place or my sucking him.&quot;  
By the time they'd looked though the folder, Tom's prick was again rigid. &quot;Time
  for round two,&quot; he laughed.  
&quot;I'm still sore from round one!&quot;  
&quot;Never mind, it's a nice soreness. The magic will make it better. Open
  up a bit more. Are you able to bring your knees back to your chest?&quot; Jan
  was still quite lithe and could easily do it and when Tom thrust into her she
  placed her feet on his shoulders. They were in this position when Charlene
  burst in on them.  
&quot;You little whore!&quot; she screamed. Tom stopped in mid stroke, pulled
  out and leaped from the bed. Charlene tried to flee but Tom caught her coat
  and then pinioned her arms.  
Dragging her to the bed, he threw her violently down alongside Jan. Tom's
  quick temper rose, &quot;So you came to spy on us bossy bitch. You came into
  my house uninvited, without even ringing the bell. I seem to remember someone
  else doing that the other day and I remember how you demanded she be punished.
  Charlene understood all too well what he was getting at and tried to run to
  freedom but before she could even sit up on the bed, Jan pulled her back.  
&quot;Let me go,&quot; Charlene yelled, &quot;I came to see if you were all
  right. You've messed up my afternoon enough as it is. I won't allow you to
  spank me.&quot;  
&quot;We'll see about that,&quot; Tom growled as he opened a bedside drawer
  and took out a handful of neckties he no longer used. Charlene struggled bravely
  but was no match for Tom especially when he had Jan to aid him. In a short
  time, she found herself face down on the bed, her wrists tied to the head rail,
  her trousers and knickers on the floor and her ankles fastened to the foot
  rail. She was helpless but that didn't stop her shouting abuse at the pair.  
&quot;Stuff her knickers in her mouth Jan please. That should quieten her
  down. I don't think she is going to be as brave as you were and we don't want
  Martha calling the police. She's probably down the bottom of her garden peering
  through the hedge now.&quot; Tom didn't spare Charlene's arse. &quot;It's payback
  time for you Charlene,&quot; he said as he brought his hand down hard and tried
  to cover as much of her bottom flesh as he could. There was more than on Jan's. &quot;You
  should be yelling for me to hit harder Jan. You should be urging me on.&quot;  
&quot;I think she's had enough Tom,&quot; Jan answered a few minutes later, &quot;You
  should stop now, she's had at least as many as I did. Calm down and let her
  rest for a bit.&quot; Jan spoke calmly and quietly and made Tom realise he
  could easily have gone too far. &quot;I'll put some cream on her because you
  never got round to doing it to me. You're not giving her an internal massage
  either. That's reserved for me by the magic mouse.&quot; She had to remove
  it to rub the cream into the sore nates. Jan worked over the area gently for
  a while and then asked Tom, &quot;Will you untie her ankles please then I can
  kneel between them to rub her bottom properly.&quot; Jan seemed to know what
  she was doing so Tom did as she requested. &quot;You can see it was pure punishment
  for her. She hasn't started to become wet.&quot; Jan spread Charlene's labia
  to show him causing her to blush profusely, &quot;But she probably will shortly.
  Remove the gag now Tom please, we can always put it back if she starts yelling
  her head off.&quot;  
&quot;You bastards,&quot; Charlene spat but there was more sobbing than venom
  in her voice.  
Jan continued her massage and spent an increasing amount of time rubbing
  between the woman's legs rather than on the sorer parts. Soon Charlene responded
  and, ignoring Tom's presence, began to rub her clit on Jan's hand. It wasn't
  too long before she climaxed. Tom finally released her wrists and Charlene
  could rub her own arse.  
&quot;Why did you have to come back here?&quot; Charlene asked.  
&quot;Mouse magic forced me to.&quot; Charlene didn't understand even when
  she saw the carved ring. It didn't matter. Maybe one day she would know the
  whole story.  
&quot;I'm going to start dinner,&quot; Tom announced and started to dress, &quot;Jan,
  if you would like to help, you can dress or there is a robe in the wardrobe,
  Charlene you can lie there for a bit and have a bite with us or you can leave.
  It's up to you. Might be a bit painful to walk for an hour or so.&quot;  
&quot;More,&quot; Jan muttered, &quot;But I was dragged home straightaway.&quot; Charlene
  decided to stay, she'd no wish to get up let alone walk home.  
&quot;Tom?&quot; Jan asked when they were alone in the kitchen, &quot;Can
  I use mouse magic to stay here tonight? Charlene will make my life hell tonight
  if I'm in the house with her. By tomorrow she may be over it.&quot;  
&quot;Of course, as long as you don't want me to clear the back bedroom.&quot;  
&quot;What's in that room? Martha mentioned it when I said you'd showed me
  the carvings.&quot;  
&quot;You saw the drawings I did, well the some of the carvings are three
  dimensional versions. Martha used to come and do a bit of cleaning and although
  she was told not to do that room, she was too nosy and went in and found them.
  I don't have them out on show, but she opened the box. I didn't have her do
  any cleaning after that.&quot;  
&quot;Will you show me later please?&quot;  
&quot;I'll bring them in when we're ready for bed. Maybe they'll get you
  aroused like the drawings did.&quot;  
Later that evening, Jan walked home with Charlene. Once inside the door Charlene
  turned on her. &quot;You little whore. I can't believe how you have thrown
  yourself at that slob of a man and how you helped him to thrash me. After all
  these years that I have been your friend. Now you desert me for the sake of
  a man's cock. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. And you claim it to be magic.
  Drivel. I don't believe you.&quot;  
Jan let her carry on while she put together a bag of toiletries and stuff
  she would need for a few days away. Finally she turned to Charlene. &quot;You
  don't get it do you? This is actually all your fault. You and that survey you
  made me hawk around the village. You were the one who insisted I went back
  to his house and persuade him to sign. You were the one who invited yourself
  to dinner with him. None of this would have happened if it hadn't been for
  the survey. Blame that, not me. And it WAS the magic of the mouse that saved
  me.&quot;  
Finis 
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





