BDSM Library - Laura's Torture




Laura's Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Laura has long had fantasies about being tortured.  She finds a club where sadistic fantasies are acted out, and is tortured by Martha, who loves to inflict pain.Laura's Torture   
I was always excited by ideas of torture and pain. When I was a teenager
  I made myself cum by thinking about prisoners subjected to agonizing tortures
  in dungeons. I read about Saint Sebastian who was tortured by having arrows
  fired into his body without killing him. That made me hot, but most of the
  victims in my masochistic dreams were female.  
Once when I was alone in our house I decided to find out what torture really
  felt like. I looked in the kitchen drawer for tools that I could use. I took
  a pair of metal salad tongs with pointed teeth. Then I went to the garage where
  Dad kept his tools. He was a keen carpenter, and there was a wood lathe next
  to his workbench. I knew that he used a curved instrument a bit like tongs
  for measuring the wood that he worked on his lathe, and found several pairs
  of these hanging on the wall above the workbench. I took a small one, and thought
  about how they would feel if I closed them on my skin. Should I try these two
  tools, or find more. A schoolfriend had told me stories about torture with
  clothespins. She had read about it in a book belonging to her brother, and
  said that the girl in the book had screamed when her boyfriend had put the
  pins on her breasts. I found a box full of clothespins in Mum's laundry basket
  and took two of them. Then I ran to my room and locked the door. I put the
  tools on a chair next to my bed, then took all my clothes off and lay on the
  bed. I was breathing heavily, and wanted to masturbate just thinking about
  how the tools would feel. But I had to find out first.  
I picked up one of the clothespins and opened it, then clamped it on the
  ball of my thumb. It hurt a bit, but not badly. This didn't seem like real
  torture. Then I put it on the side of my left breast, just inside my nipple
  and areola (I have large areolas). That hurt a bit more, and I rubbed my clit
  with excitement. I could still take that pain quite easily, so I left the pin
  hanging on my breast. I tried to put the second pin on my left nipple, right
  on the tip, but that hurt so much that I yelped and took it off again. I tried
  putting it on a bit further back, pinching the nipple together with part of
  the areola. I could just about manage that. My left breast felt on fire. I
  started to masturbate again, and this time I couldn't stop and rubbed until
  I came. My pussy was sopping wet. As soon as I came the pins seemed to hurt
  more, and I took them off. That wasn't comfortable! I hadn't even tried the
  tongs and my father's tool, so I put them back where I had got them. There
  had to be a next time, and I could hardly wait.  
A few days later I was alone at home again. This time I picked up the tongs
  and Dad's tool and took them to my room. I tried the tongs on different parts
  of my body. They left little indentations, like toothmarks, bright pink. The
  most exciting place was on the inside of my thighs, just below my pussy. Soon
  there were rows of pink marks down my thighs. The tool from the lathe I put
  on my right breast, the soft fleshy part. I pressed the two sides together
  as long as I could bear the pain, then left the tool hanging. When I took it
  off there were two deep pits where the metal ends had pressed into me. I made
  myself cum, and it was even better than before.  
Those were the first of many sessions with tools, instruments, anything that
  I could get hold of and that I thought would do as an instrument of torture.
  I even pressed a thumbtack into my arm, making it bleed.  
This was exciting stuff, but I knew that what was missing was the torturer.
  I could not really be cruel to myself, and needed a second person, or maybe
  more, to add that element of fear to the pain that I thought might give me
  an orgasm unlike any I had had before.  
My chance came when I was twenty three years old. I had a job, and lived
  in a small apartment near the city centre. I knew about bdsm and bondage sex
  from the internet, and had looked at many websites, some with personal messages
  from dommes and from submissives like myself. I took the plunge, and added
  my name to a personal site for mistresses, masters and slaves, giving a false
  name, Laura. I said that I was a pain slut, young and good-looking, with a
  slim body, fairly large breasts, and shoulder-length straight brownish-blonde
  hair.  
Plenty of answers came in. Some of them I rejected straight away, either
  because they sounded dangerous or mad, or because the writers lived far away.
  But one of them was possible, and I kept looking at it, wondering if I had
  the courage to reply. After two weeks of agonising indecision I took the plunge.
  The writer, whoever he (or she?) was, told me about a torture club in my city
  where victims could discuss their fantasies and then take part in sessions
  held in the club's dungeon. I replied by email that I was interested, and got
  a reply the next day. I was told to come to an address about half a mile from
  my apartment, at 8 pm the next day.  
That day I was in a feverish excitement. I showered and put on a pair of
  jeans and a T-shirt that showed off my figure. I kept looking at my watch,
  but time seemed to go twice as slow as usual. At eight I was at the address.
  It was nearly dark. I pressed the bell. A woman in her thirties, good-looking
  and smartly dressed, opened the door, smiled, and ushered me into a small office.
  She sat down in an armchair, and asked me to sit on a second one. She told
  me that it was her job to find out about by fantasies before planning a pain
  session. She told me that the club was like a clinic that helped clients express
  their deepest desires. When I asked if I would have to pay for this &quot;treatment&quot;,
  she explained that it was free for the victims, and paid for by the masters
  and mistresses. I spent the next half hour telling her (her name was Jane)
  all the ideas that made me hot and the various things I had tried on myself.
  She said that I seemed to be turned on by instruments that pinched and bit,
  but was particularly interested in my telling her about Saint Sebastian. She
  wrote notes about that in a book on her desk, explaining that one of the sadistic
  clients had asked her if she could come up with a victim who would accept being
  pierced with small darts. That was a frightening idea for me, but one that
  I couldn't stop thinking about. When Jane had finished questioning me, she
  said that she would now discuss the interview with some other people. Wound
  I wait for perhaps 15 minutes, and would I be willing to have a session that
  evening? I said yes to both, though by this time I was really nervous, trembling
  slightly and with a dry mouth.  
When Jane came back to the office, she was with another woman. Jane introduced
  her as Martha, and told me that if I was willing, Martha would like to have
  a session with me that evening. She then left Martha a me alone to work things
  out, explaining that everything done in the club was consensual.  
Martha asked me if I would take bondage from her, and torture with various
  pinching instruments. I said that I would, and we agreed on a safe word. Martha
  asked me how much pain I was willing to take. I told her that I wanted to be
  her victim and let Martha decide. I said that I thought I could take a lot.
  The Martha asked me how I felt about being bitten, as I seemed to like pinching
  tools. I said that I had never been bitten, but that I was willing to try.
  Were there any areas that were out of bounds? I explained that I didn't want
  bruises or marks where they would show when I went to work the next day, but
  anywhere else was OK. Lastly she asked me about the idea of darts. Obviously
  she was the lady that Jane had talked about. I said that I would have to think
  about that and asked if we could leave that for the moment. Martha seemed satisfied
  with my answers, and told me to follow her.  
We walked down a short corridor to a heavy wooden door covered in baize.
  She opened the door with a key and led me into a dark room in which I could
  just make out a kind of couch or bench, a chair, a wooden cross with straps,
  and a table with various implements, tools, whips, canes and clamps. I had
  the impression that there were some people at the other end of the room, perhaps
  an audience of some kind, but it was too dark to be sure. &quot;Take off all
  your clothes and put them on the chair&quot;, Martha said quietly. Feeling
  even more nervous than before, I managed to undress and stood before Martha
  naked. &quot;This first session is to see how much pain you can stand&quot; Martha
  said. She took my arms and tied a soft rope around each wrist. The she tied
  the ropes to a beam above my head. I hadn't noticed that before. I stood before
  her, helpless and vulnerable, with my breasts stretched upwards.  
&quot;I'm going to start with the pincers&quot;, Martha said softly, but
  with a cruel tone in her voice. She was obviously as excited as I was. &quot;How
  painful they are will depend on where I use them, and how hard I squeeze. That
  will give me some idea of your pain threshold.&quot; She picked up a pair of
  tongs, made of steel and about eighteen inches long. Each jaw had three sharp-looking
  teeth. She came nearer until she was near enough to use the tongs on me. She
  seemed to hesitate before deciding what part of me should suffer. &quot;I think
  I will start with your thighs&quot;. She said, with a gleam in her eye. She
  held the open tongs to the front of my left thigh and gradually closed them
  on my skin, pinching a fold of skin and muscle. As I felt the teeth close,
  I thought that I would show my torturer that I was a tough victim and not afraid
  of a little pain. She squeezed a little more, and the pain began. I could see
  the teeth indent the flesh of my thigh and gradually the pain became intense.
  I knew that any moment now, if she squeezed harder, I would have to scream.
  I started to moan, and Martha released the pressure. The relief was great.
  My injured thigh tingled and hurt, but I could stand that. There was a pause
  while Martha looked at my body. &quot;The second time will be harder&quot; she
  said. &quot;That was pain, but not really very much. Not enough to satisfy
  me&quot;. She put the tongs on my other thigh, a little further up than before
  and a little to the inside. I knew that from my experiments as a tender place
  where clothespins and other implements could hurt quite badly. She close the
  tongs more quickly this time. The teeth bit deep and I could not stop myself
  from crying out. &quot;That really hurts!&quot;, I sobbed. &quot;I know&quot;,
  said Martha as she withdrew the tongs. &quot;But I am going to hurt you much
  more than that&quot;.  
(to be continued)  
Laura (continued):   
   
The torture session continues   
Martha stepped back and lifted the pincers until they were level with Laura's
  right breast. The she closed them lightly, taking in most of the breast including
  the nipple. Laura gave a slight gasp, but the pincers were not hurting ....
  yet. Martha began to close the jaws of the pincers very slowly, until the pain
  began to be intense. Laura sobbed, then gave a yell as Martha squeezed more.
  There was a smile on her lips. She was clearly enjoying Laura's suffering.
  Laura thought about using the safeword that they had discussed, but badly wanted
  to avoid doing that. She wanted to show that she was able to stand torture
  at any level. The pressure on her breast remained nearly constant now, and
  she was becoming accustomed to the feel of the teeth deep in her skin. Suddenly
  Martha released her grip. &quot;You are doing well&quot; she whispered softly. &quot;Too
  well for my liking. I think I should try something a little more challenging&quot;.  
Martha moved to the table behind her, and looked carefully at the array of
  tools and instruments lying there. After a minute's thought she selected one,
  and approached Laura again. &quot;Have you ever wanted to make love to a woman?&quot; She
  asked softly. &quot;Let's see if I can excite you and hurt you at the same
  time.&quot; Martha took off her top, then slowly unclasped her bra, letting
  her breasts fall free. The nipples were hard. She walked up to Laura and pressed
  her half-naked body to Laura's. The she brought her lips to Laura's and began
  to kiss her, gently at first and then with more pressure and passion. Laura
  moaned, though whether because of pleasure or fear, Martha could not tell.
  The unknown tool was still in Martha's hand, but Laura had forgotten that it
  was there, as Martha let her tongue slip through Laura's lips and explore.
  Yes, thought Laura, this is good. She had never felt quite so sexually aroused.
  Martha's tongue moved slowly around Laura's mouth and lips. Laura relaxed and
  gave herself up to pleasure. Suddenly she felt an intense pain at her waist.
  She shrieked with surprise and agony. She didn't know what Martha was doing
  to her, or with what instrument of torture. Then the pain stopped. Martha stepped
  back, releasing Laura's lips, and raised her hand to show Laura a wicked-looking
  pair of needle-nosed pliers. &quot;Did you enjoy that?&quot; she asked with
  a grin? &quot;Did it hurt more than the pincers?&quot; &quot;Yes&quot; said
  Laura weakly, still in shock from the sudden agony in her side. She looked
  down and saw the ridged pattern of the pliers on her waist, a set of deep red
  lines on the white skin. Suddenly Martha reached forward and grasped Laura's
  left nipple with the pliers, closing the jaws as she did so. Laura shrieked
  again, even louder as Martha twisted and pulled the nipple with the pliers.
  Laura had never felt such pain before, and was beginning to feel faint. Martha
  released the nipple, but then began to apply the tool to Laura's belly, to
  her other nipple, and to any fold of flesh and skin that would fit into the
  jaws. The torture continued for a few minutes, but to Laura it seemed like
  hours.  
 Martha returned to the table, put the pliers with the other tools and returned
  to face Laura. She bent her head and put her mouth to Laura's breast. Laura
  expected another kiss, but this time Martha began to bite the flesh, at first
  quite softly and then slowly harder. Laura couldn't decide if this was pain
  or pleasure. It hurt more and more as Martha's teeth dug deep into her, but
  at the same time Laura was closer to orgasm than she had ever been without
  using her hands or without a cock in her pussy. Martha bit her all over, then
  stepped behind her and began to give her slow, hard bites on the backs of her
  arms, on her back and on her bum. Finally she said &quot;That really makes
  me hot. It won't be the last time. I love seeing all those bitemarks on you.&quot; Laura
  could see the impression of Martha's teeth all over her, and some of them,
  where Martha had bitrten really hard, were beginning to swell and redden. &quot;But
  I don't think you know yet what real pain is! I want you to bear much more&quot;.
  Laura didn't know that she could take much more, but she was helpless, tied
  with her hands stretched over her head and beginning to ache. There was nothing
  she could do. &quot;One last bite&quot;, said Martha, &quot;but this time it'll
  be really hard&quot;. She bent down, put her mouth on the soft inside of Laura's
  thigh where the pincers had left their mark, and bit down slowly but inexorably,
  her teeth digging deeper and deeper into the flesh, making chewing motions
  and worrying at Laura's thigh like a wild animal. Laura yelled with pain, loudly
  and without restraint. When Martha stopped biting, Laura looked down and saw
  an angry bruise on her skin just below her pussy, with a spot of blood where
  Martha's sharp canine tooth had begun to pierce the skin.  
Martha untied Laura, who slumped to the floor, still hurting dreadfully from
  the sharp bites. She could take no more. &quot;That is the end of our first
  little session&quot;, Martha said. &quot;I will expect you another day. There
  are many exciting tortures which I should love to inflict on you, and I think
  you want them too.&quot; Laura lay on the floor for some minutes, then recovered
  sufficiently to find her clothes, dress herself, and leave by the door through
  which she had entered. All this time Martha watched her, a smile of satisfaction
  and perhaps anticipation on her lips.  
(to be continued?)  
Laura's Torture    
3: The Human Dartboard   
For several weeks Laura did not get in touch with the club. Her bruises and
  bitemarks gradually faded, but they hurt for many days after her torture, and
  reminded her forcibly not only of the severe pain which she had managed to
  endure, but also of how exciting the torture had been for her. Fear of worse
  pain stopped her from telephoning, but every day she thought about Martha and
  what she might plan to do next.  
After a month she could stand the wait no longer, and telephoned the club.
  A man answered. Laura asked to speak to Martha, but was told that she was not
  there. The man wouldn't give Laura her number, but said that he would ask Martha
  to get in touch with her. Feeling let down as well as relieved, Laura poured
  herself a stiff drink and settled down in front of the TV. Then the phone rang.  
&quot;Laura?&quot;. It was Martha's voice, unmistakeable. &quot;I want you
  to come again. I have really interesting plans&quot;. &quot;What plans?&quot; asked
  Laura. &quot;Come tomorrow at 8&quot; said Martha, &quot;and you will find
  out&quot;.  
Before setting out for the club the next day, Laura drank two large whiskies.
  She felt a little unsteady as she rang the bell. This time the door was opened
  by a girl she didn't know, and was led straight into the torture chamber. There
  was a little more light than before, and now Laura could see a row of chairs
  at the far end of the room, several of them occupied. In a corner of the room
  two girls were gathered round a dartboard on the wall. They were examining
  two boxes on a small table, but Laura could not see what they contained. A
  woman got up from one of the chairs at the back and walked slowly towards Laura;
  it was Martha, dressed in jeans and an unbuttoned shirt. She was wearing nothing
  underneath, and Laura could see her heavy breasts naked under the shirt, reminding
  her of the excitement she had felt when Martha had first pressed herself against
  her and had given her those long exploring kisses. &quot;We're going to try
  an experiment, Laura, and I promise you it will hurt - quite badly.&quot; Laura
  paled, but stood still and waited for Martha to continue. &quot;These girls,&quot;,
  she said, nodding towards the corner with the dartboard, &quot;are Jane and
  Anna. They are going to practise playing darts, as you can see. Not with the
  usual darts, but with smaller ones that they can fire at the board using a
  blowgun.&quot; Now Laura could see that the girls had taken some small tubes
  out of one box, and out of the other one a pile of small brightly coloured
  and shining objects. &quot;Come over here, Jane and Anna, and show Laura the
  darts&quot;, Martha said. The girls cam over and Jane held out her hand. In
  it were several small darts, perhaps an inch long. Each one had a sharp metal
  shaft, pointed at the front, and behind that a feathered tail in bright blue,
  green and red. Pat showed Laura the blowpipe, a narrow hollow six inch tube
  made of some sort of plastic. Laura wondered what all this had to do with her. &quot;Show
  Laura how you fire the darts&quot;, said Martha. The girls walked over to the
  dartboard. Jane took one of the darts, inserted it into one end of her blowpipe,
  put the pipe in her mouth and pointed the pipe at the board. After a few moments
  she blew sharply into the pipe, and the dart flew towards the board, embedding
  itself well to one side of centre. The speed of the dart made it difficult
  to see until it landed, but there was a distinct sound -&quot;thwack&quot;-
  as it was fired. &quot;You can see that Jane is not a very good marksman -
  yet&quot; said Martha, as Anna took her turn. Her dart sped to the board, hit
  the metal wire between two numbers and fell to the ground. &quot;They will
  need a little more practice before they start on you&quot; said Martha softly,
  staring at Laura's face to see her reaction. Laura paled. The idea of those
  little darts penetrating her flesh was shocking, and, as ever, exciting as
  well. As a child she had nursed fantasies about being tied to a stake by savages
  and tortured with small arrows - rather like Saint Sebastian. And here was
  the real thing. Could she bear it? She thought of her safeword just to make
  sure. And where were the girls going to aim their blowpipes? Front or back?
  Breasts, bellybutton, thighs, back. where? Were the darts long enough to make
  her bleed, or would they just sting? All these thought went rapidly through
  her now confused mind. In the meantime Jane and Anna continued to practise
  on the dartboard, and seemed to be getting the hang of the game.  
&quot;We're going to make the game a little more interesting for everyone.&quot; said
  Martha, now more loudly so that the other people in the room could hear. &quot;We're
  going to have a competition. That's why two girls are taking part. Each is
  going to fire twelve darts, taking as much time as they want, six each with
  you facing them and six with your back towards them. Jane will use blue darts
  and Anna green ones. Each will score one point for each dart that sticks in
  you for at least five seconds. In the event of a tie, they will fire six more
  darts each. Now here's the special bit: I'm going to give you, Laura a lesson
  in dominating to see if you can not only take pain but inflict it as well.
  And the loser of the darts match, Jane or Anna, is going to be the victim this
  time.&quot;  
Martha nodded to the girls, who quickly came forward and grabbed Laura' arms.
  They pulled her to an upright wooden St Andrew's cross behind her, and strapped
  her wrists and ankles to the cross. Then they adjusted the straps so that she
  was unable to move. Annat took a metal hood from behind the cross and put it
  over Laura's head. Laura could just about see out through the eye holes, which
  were covered by some sort of plastic transparent material. &quot;We don't want
  the darts to blind you,&quot; Anna said, &quot;We're pretty cruel, but not
  that cruel&quot;. She laughed, and gave Laura a hard pinch on her nipple before
  walking back to pick up her blowpipe.  
The girls took up their positions behind a line on the floor, just about
  eight feet from Laura. Jane was the first to shoot. &quot;Thwat&quot;. A blue-feathered
  dart flew from the blowpipe. Laura could just about see it in the air before
  the dart hit the side of the mask and fell to floor. Clearly Jane still had
  a lot to learn. Then Anna took up her position, aimed a green dart and blew.
  Laura felt a sharp pain on her belly. The dart had hit her to one side of her
  bellybutton, and had penetrated deep into the skin. A small trickle of blood
  marked the wound. &quot;That's better&quot;, said Martha. &quot;See if you
  can do even better, Jane. Jane took more careful aim this time, and her dart
  hit Laura's right thigh just above the knee. It hurt quite badly, but then
  dropped to the floor. Anna's second dart sped straight and true into Laura's
  left breast, just grazing the nipple and embedding itself into the areola.
  Again there was a trickle of blood, which Laura couldn't see - but she felt
  it. So far she had been silent in spite of the shock of the first dart hitting
  the helmet, and the considerable pain of the other three. For the next ten
  minutes Laura suffered as eight more darts found their mark, some remaining
  embedded and others dropping onto the floor after a moment or two. The worst
  was waiting for Jane or Anna to fire their darts, not knowing where they would
  land. The most painful dart was one of Anna's, which embedded itself deep in
  Laura's upstretched arm. Another found her right breast, the soft flesh on
  the underside. By the time the girls had finished, there were two darts in
  the front of Laura's thighs. Laura now hurt all over, and she could just about
  see that several thin streams of blood were trickling down her skin from where
  the darts had struck most deeply.  
Martha gave an order and the girls untied Laura and turned her round, so
  that her back faced the room. Now she could no longer tell when one of the
  girls was taking aim. The first dart struck the lower part of her back, and
  made her gasp with shock and surprise. The pain was bearable - perhaps she
  did not have very sensitive skin just there, and she thought of the witches
  in the middle ages, probed with long needles to find an insensitive spot, the &quot;witches'
  mark&quot;. Two more darts pierced her back, and the fourth sank deep into
  the back of her left arm, in the fleshy part below her shoulder. Then several
  darts pierced her bum cheeks - not too bad, she thought again, a bit like having
  an injection. But the last ones found their mark on the back of Laura's thighs
  and calves. The girls must have been aiming low on purpose, and must have known
  how much the darts would hurt there. The pain was now shocking, especially
  as all the last twelve darts had remained where they had struck.  
&quot;Anna, you have scored one more than Jane&quot;, said Martha, &quot;and
  Jane is going to be the next victim. But first, take all the darts out and
  put them in the bucket for sterilising.&quot; The girls pulled the darts out,
  twisting them a little to make them hurt more. This was really uncomfortable
  for Laura, who started to sob quietly, tears running down her face. When all
  the darts were out, the girls wiped the puncture wounds with small wipes. Probably
  with antiseptic, thought Laura, who was still sobbing. &quot;Just one more
  thing before you untie her&quot;, said Martha to Anna. &quot;As the winner
  you have the right to place one last dart wherever you want, somewhere where
  it will really hurt. I don't think our victim has had quite enough pain yet,
  and she loves pain. Use your hand this time, not the blowpipe.&quot; Anna looked
  at Martha and grinned. She was going to enjoy this. She picked a dart from
  the box, and circled Laura's bound and stretched body, trying to decide where
  to place it. After a minute she took Laura's helmet off. &quot;I want you to
  watch this&quot; she said. Facing Laura, she grabbed her left breast with her
  left hand, squeezing it until Laura yelled with pain. Then with her right hand
  she put the tip of the dart on the nipple, facing straight towards Laura's
  chest. Laura took a sharp breath, expecting the pain. But Anna waited, which
  was worse. After some ten seconds, Anna said &quot;Now let's see how much pain
  you can stand&quot;, and began to push the dart straight into Laura's nipple.
  This was much worse than the blowpipe ordeal. Anna continued to push smiling
  cruelly as she saw Laura' face crumple. As Anna gave a last cruel push which
  made the dart penetrate deeply into the nipple, Laura screamed loudly. She
  could no longer hold back. Anna withdrew the dart, and untied her victim who
  crumpled onto the floor sobbing, blood oozing from her mauled nipple.  
When Laura had in Martha's opinion recovered sufficiently, Martha ordered
  her to move to a long table-like structure with straps at each end and a wheel
  to tighten the straps - like a mediaeval torture rack, Laura thought. What
  next, she wondered? &quot;It's Jane's turn this time, as I told you. She lost
  at darts, and is going to pay the price. And you might find that you enjoy
  being the torturer for a change.&quot; On Martha's orders, Jane was stripped
  naked and laid on the table on her front, and her wrists and ankles were strapped
  tightly. Martha tried the straps, decided that Jane could still move a little,
  and turned the wheel until Jane moaned that her shoulders hurt. When Martha
  was satisfied, she undid the leather belt holding up her trousers and folded
  it into a loop. It was quite a heavy belt made of brown leather, about an inch
  wide, heavy but flexible. Martha lifted her arm high and brought the belt down
  on the end of the table, between Jane's spread legs, with a resounding crack.
  Jane flinched even though the belt had not hit her. &quot;Like that&quot;,
  said Martha, handing the folded belt to Laura. &quot;I want you to give her
  six really hard strokes, wherever you want. I want to see good red marks. If
  you don't whip her hard enough, you will be punished. Now get your revenge
  for those painful darts. And don't be afraid to hurt her.&quot;  
Laura took the belt. Was this something she wanted? It seemed that the answer
  was yes, because holding the belt and seeing the helpless naked body of Jane
  before her made Laura want to cum. Her pussy was dripping. Where to start?
  Laura realised from watching spanking videos on the net that most whipping
  was done on the victim's bum, just as her father had once beaten her with his
  belt. But she thought that other places might be more exciting, and remembered
  the thrill and the pain of the darts in her back and legs. She walked to one
  side of the table, raised her arm, and brought the belt down on the top of
  Jane's back. Jane grunted, but the stroke did not seem to have hurt very much.
  It didn't make much noise either. Perhaps Laura wasn't trying hard enough,
  or perhaps she needed practice at an unfamiliar skill. &quot;Not very good&quot; said
  Martha. &quot;Let me show you&quot;. Martha took the belt and showed Laura
  how to hold it, arm high, wrist loose. Then Martha brought the belt down on
  the same part of Jane's back with all her strength. This time Jane screamed,
  and a red stripe appeared across the white skin of her long back. &quot;Let
  me see you do that&quot;. Laura took the belt again, and with as much strength
  as she could muster, whipped it down on Jane's back just below the first welt.
  Jane yelled &quot;That really hurt, you cow&quot;. Laura's excitement mounted.
  Her pussy was now swimming and she realised that she was going to enjoy this
  game, though it was really too serious to be called that. The next stroke Laura
  aimed at the back of Jane's thighs. She was right about that being a tender
  spot, and Jane screamed again as a red welt appeared just below her bum cheeks.
  That left three strokes, which Laura aimed at Jane's calves, then her thighs
  again, and finally (she thought she ought to be a little conventional after
  all) her bum. By now Jane was crying loudly. She glared at Laura as Martha
  unstrapped her from the rack. &quot;Just you wait, you cow,&quot; she spat
  at Laura, &quot;I'll get my revenge on you.&quot;  
Laura's Torture   
   
4: Laura and Jane   
   
Back in her flat, Laura didn't worry too much about Jane's warning. But her
  mind kept going back to the belt, and to the feeling of excitement when the
  leather struck Jane's fair skin, leaving angry red welts. Laura obviously had
  a dominant streak, and she promised herself that she would dominate again.  
It was some days before Martha telephoned Laura again. &quot;Come to the
  club tonight&quot;, she said in a low voice, &quot;and you'll get another chance
  to show your dominant side&quot;. Laura couldn't resist the invitation. She
  turned up at the door, rang the bell, and was met by Martha, who led her to
  the same door, the door to the torture chamber.  
As Laura entered, her hands were seized from behind, and a gag was clamped
  on her mouth. She tried to resist, but whoever held her was too strong. She
  realised that she had been duped into coming. She had no idea what was going
  to happen to her, but she knew it would be something bad, Her mouth was dry
  with fright as she was dragged, still struggling, to a low bench. Her arms
  and legs were stretched to their limits and tied to the corners of the bench
  with thick ropes which bit into her wrists and ankles. She saw Martha approach
  with a large knife. Was she going to use it on her? Martha sensed Laura's fear
  and brought the tip of the knife close to her neck. Laura was rigid with fear
  and tried to remain as still as possible. Martha touched the knife blade to
  the side of Laura's neck, and pushed it in just enough to indent the skin.
  Laura moaned with fear. But just as suddenly, Martha took the knife away. &quot;I'm
  not going to cut you just yet, my dear, but I'll think about how it would feel.&quot; She
  chuckled to herself, then inserted the knife under Laura's top and, with a
  single sweep, cut the garment in two, leaving Laura's breasts and stomach helplessly
  exposed. She cut away the rest of her clothes, so that Laura lay stretched
  naked on the bench, like a sacrificial offer. Then Martha started to talk to
  Laura in a soft cruel cruel voice, walking round her naked bound body. From
  time to time she put the point of the knife on different parts of her body,
  breasts, thighs, belly, pricking the skin lightly until a small drop of blood
  appeared. Each time Laura shrieked with fear and pain. &quot;You think I'm
  going to hurt you, but I have a surprise for you&quot;, she said. You are certainly
  going to be hurt, but tonight it's Jane's turn. Time for her revenge.&quot; Laura
  blenched. She realised how much Jane hated her after that whipping with the
  leather belt. &quot;I've told Jane to show you what real pain is. She's picked
  out some nice torture implements from my collection. I've told her not to do
  you any permanent harm, because we're going to need you in the club for other
  sessions, but I've also told her that she can mark you as much as she wants.
  You think that I hurt you that first session, but this is going be much, much
  worse. Jane is a great girl. She loves causing pain, a real born sadist. Come
  on Jane, time for you to start.&quot;  
Laura saw Jane emerge from a dark part of the room and walk slowly to the
  bench. She was grinning from ear to ear, and was clearly looking forward to
  her session as a torturer. She was dressed in Jeans. Her top was bare, her
  breasts swinging from side to side as she walked. She was wearing black leather
  gloves, and Laura could see with trepidation but also excitement that small
  sharp metal spikes were embedded in the leather fingers. Just behind Jane,
  Martha was wheeling a small trolley on which were several tools or instruments
  - Laura couldn't make out their details.  
&quot;Let's make a start&quot; said Jane, &quot;and see how much you can
  stand. But I'm really quite kind, so we'll begin with a soothing massage&quot;.
  With that she put her gloved hands on Laura's naked belly. The spikes in the
  gloves dug into Laura's delicate skin, leaving small red marks. She had not
  yet drawn blood, but the gloves hurt her and she gave small shrieks every time
  Jane's hands touched her belly, then her thighs. Within minutes her skin was
  red from chest to knees. Then, without warning, Jane grabbed both breasts with
  her gloved hands, and squeezed hard. Laura shrieked as the spikes drove through
  her skin. When Jane took her hands away, Laura saw that her breasts were covered
  with small drops of blood.  
&quot;You think that hurt?&quot; said Jane. &quot;That was just a small taste.
  Now I'm going to hurt you properly. Let's see if you can stand my teeth. I
  love biting hard, and I love to see the marks of my teeth on my victim's skin.
  And I think I'll use a blindfold on you so that you won't know where my teeth
  are going to strike next.&quot; Jane signalled to Martha and another girl,
  and Laura was turned on her belly with the ropes binding her wrists and ankles
  even tighter. She could hardly move. Martha bound a black scarf around Laura's
  eyes, tying it behind her head. Laura could no longer see anything. All she
  could think of was her back, her bum, her legs, her arms, and the pain that
  she was about to feel. Where would Jane bite her, and how hard? Martha's teeth
  had hurt her quite badly that first time, but she had found the experience
  exciting. Even now, in spite of her real fear, she could feel the tingling
  in her pussy.  
Long minutes passed without any sound, without torture. With each second,
  Laura's anticipation increased. She could almost feel the touch of Jane's mouth,
  but still there was no movement. Then it happened. She felt teeth gripping
  a fold of her back just below the left shoulder. She gasped with surprise,
  then held her breath as the grip of the teeth steadily increased. After a few
  seconds the sharp pain began, and Laura started to cry. But Jane did not let
  go. She bit down harder and harder, grinding her jaws in a chewing motion which
  was even more painful. &quot;Stop&quot;, shrieked Laura, &quot;I can't take
  any more&quot;. But the more Laura shrieked, the harder Jane bit. She was certainly
  getting her revenge. After a minute, Jane let go. She laughed. &quot;Look at
  those marks&quot;, she said. &quot;Those are going to show for quite a while.
  Did you enjoy that?&quot; &quot;No, whispered Laura weakly&quot;. &quot;It
  really hurt bad.&quot; &quot;It was meant to. But I've only just started.&quot; With
  that Jane sank her teeth into the back of Laura's thigh, just below her bum,
  and chewed hard until Jane screamed again. Then she paused, while Laura lay
  helpless, moaning softly with the pain in her leg. &quot;Can I bite right though
  her skin and draw blood?&quot;, Laura heard Jane ask someone, presumably Martha. &quot;Go
  ahead, enjoy yourself&quot; came the reply. Laura felt Jane pinch up a fold
  of skin at the back of her calf and then those sharp teeth struck again. Harder
  and harder Jane bit into the soft flesh. The bite seemed to go on for ever,
  and the agony increased with every second. Then Laura felt something wet trickling
  down her lower leg. Jane had punctured the skin and drawn blood. The pain was
  terrible. Jane giggled as she looked at the damage she had done to Laura's
  leg. She really was enjoying the torture session. That was the worst of the
  bites that day, but Jane went on biting Laura many times, hard long painful
  bites on her arms, back, bum, thighs and calves.  
Jane hardly resisted as the blindfold was removed and she was turned on her
  back. &quot;Let's try something different&quot; said Jane, as Laura gazed up
  at her with fear in her eyes. She now knew that Jane would stop at nothing
  to hurt her. Jane turned to the trolley and picked up one tool after another.
  Eventually she chose a pair of spring-loaded pliers, with serrated metal jaws
  which could be adjusted by means of a screw. Laura had seen similar ones in
  her Dad's workshop, and had once tried them on her forearm. They had left a
  red mark, and Laura had not dared to use them with the jaws set closer. Jane
  adjusted the screw until the jaws were half an inch or so apart. Then she grabbed
  a fold of skin on Laura's ribs, just below the breast, opened the jaws, placed
  the pliers on the skin and pressed them shut. All this time she looked straight
  into Laura's eyes to see her reaction. The metal jaws pressed into the skin,
  hurting, but not more than Laura could stand. She remained silent and stared
  back into Jane's eyes. &quot;I can see that we have a long way to go&quot; grinned
  Jane as she opened the pliers and turned the screw to close the jaws a little
  more. She picked up the same fold of skin and closed the pliers on it. This
  time the pain was sharp, and Laura yelled with pain. A third time the screw
  was tightened and the jaws closed on Laura's skin. Now the pain was almost
  unbearable. Would Jane tighten the screw again? When she closed the pliers
  on Jane for a fourth time, Laura let out a blood-curdling scream. She had never
  felt such pain before. But instead of opening the jaws again, Jane left the
  pliers hanging on Laura while the victim shrieked in agony. Then Jane picked
  up the handle of the instrument and started to twist and turn it to make the
  pain even worse.  
&quot;I think that's enough for this session&quot; said Martha. But Laura
  had fainted.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bulldog


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





