BDSM Library - Supporting My Girlfriend




Supporting My Girlfriend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Marvin lives a submissiv life together with his Girlfriend Georgia, were he has his own cage. One day he looses his job and has no other way to support his girlfriend except providing sexual services for appointments Georgia finds for him. This leads him into a path of sexual activities he never even could imagine.
SUPPORTING MY GIRLFRIEND

(M/f, M/f+, M+/f+, F/f, F+/f+, M/m, M+/m, F/m, F+/m, fisting, spanking, toys, WaterSport: 
D/s, slavery, home, mc: humiliation, torture, cuckold, rape, heavy, violent)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I had just missed the bus and I knew Georgia wouldn't be pleased with me. I hurried home and 
when I opened the door I knew I was 15 minutes late.
- Where have you been, she asked with a harsh voice from the living room.
- Mistress I beg of an apology of being late for services, I replied still standing in the hallway.
- That's not accepted. Stay where you are and get undressed, she continued.
I got undressed and waited for my mistress. It felt like forever before she came, dressed up in a 
black latex dress and high heels. She walked up to me and looked straight into my eyes. Even 
with the high heel she was a lot shorter than me.
- You're 15 minutes late, you know what that means. She asked me.
- Yes mistress, I replied while I got down on my knees.
I could see the smile on her face just before she gave me the first slap on my cheek. Then she 
continued for every minute, 15 times.
- Now crawl into your cage and lock it, she said.
I did as I was told and got into the cage that had been mine for the past two years.

I fell in love with her from the very beginning. She was a neat and pretty girl but also great in 
bed. As we continued to stay together, we started to explore our sexual fantasies. Somewhere 
along the line and I cannot recall when, we started to live in a femdom relationship. Georgia 
taught me how to serve her and to punish me when I wasn't good enough. She made me also 
build a cage where she could lock me in whenever she felt like. Most often I was allowed to sleep 
with her though, as she had a huge appetite for sex.

This time she was mad at me and didn't pay me any attention. Even when she got to bed I was not 
allowed to leave the cage. I needed to go to the restroom, but was forced to use a bucket I had 
placed in the cage in case of an emergency.

Next morning she woke me up early
- Marvin, I need you to please me. She said. I really need your tongue.
She let me out of the cage and I crawled over to the bed where she had spread her legs. I knew 
what to do and placed my tongue at her clit. I could smell that she hadn't been washing her pussy 
since yesterday. Still l loved licking her pussy and the closer she came to her orgasm the wilder 
she got. She took my head and held it tight between her legs. Finally she came and let me free 
again.
- Now you can go and prepare breakfast for me. And don't play with yourself, you have not earned 
an award like that yet.

While I prepare breakfast she took a shower. When she entered the kitchen I knew that I was 
allowed to take my shower. Like always there was only cold water left for me. After the shower 
we both got dressed and left for work.

I had been working in a warehouse since I left school. As I never had had any good grades, 
getting this job was a relief just like meeting Georgia was later. When I got to work, it was another
Friday. I started out with coffee and then continued to clean up after a busy week. After one hour the 
owner called us all up to a conference room. This was odd as it never had happened before. 
When we arrived, he started to talk:
- I have some bad news for you all. From today we have went bankruptcy and will no longer 
operate. Our last attempts to save the business have failed and we couldn't come to an agreement 
last night. Unfortunately we have no cash for salaries either. You all have one hour to pack you 
personal belongings, then we will lock the building.

I was in a chock by the fact that I just lost my job and would not get any money by the end of the 
month. I knew that we hadn't put away any money the past year and Georgia had told me that 
we were short on cash before we received our salaries. Now there was no money in pipeline from 
me and that was a problem. I slowly packed up my things and went back home to wait for 
Georgia.

By the end of the day she came home and by now I was both sad and worried about what she 
would say. Before she had a chance to understand that something was wrong, I told her:
- Mistress, I some bad news. My company went out of business today and I have no longer a job. 
Even worse is that I will not receive any salaries this month.
I looked at her and realized that she wasn't prepared for this. She looked at me silent for a while 
then she said.
- Now how do you expect me to pay our bills. Do you think you can live like a luxury man letting me 
support you?
I looked at her and started to cry.
- No mistress. I'll do anything to get a new job.
- I don't think that is enough. In 2 weeks we have to pay our bills. You useless shit can't even 
keep a job. Go to your cage and look yourself in. I need to think.
I did as I was told and when I was in my cage I heard Georgia furious breaking things in the 
living room. Then it was quiet for a while before she came to me again.
- So you say that you will not get any money this month.
- No, I cried, but I'll do anything to raise the money we need.
She just looked at me and left me there crying. I don't know what she did then but I fell asleep.

Early next morning she woke me up. She looked tiered so I thought she had been up all night.
- Time to wake up, she said before she continued, I have thought this through and have found a 
solution for this month. First of all we have no valuable stuff here to sell and we can't get a loan 
at the bank. I could also leave you and find a rich man but that would take longer time. There I 
must also say that I don't want loose a sissy slave I have trained so well. The only solution is to 
sell your services as a virgin sissy and I have put out the ad last night.
She laughed at me then and I couldn't believe what she said. Selling me as a virgin slave would 
mean turning me into a male whore. I never had time to think anymore before she said:
- Now come over here and lick my pussy, my little whore.
She opened the cage and I crawled over to lick here before I was told to return to the cage.

By the look on her face I could see that she had received answers on the ad. Meanwhile she gave 
me magazines so I could read how a good whore was expected to act.
All through the week this continued and the next Saturday it was time. We went to a town nearby 
and checked in at a hotel. There I had to undress and then put a pair of boxer shorts on. Georgia 
looked at me with a smile all the time. Then there was a knock on the door.

Georgia went to open the door and I heard her talk to a man. After a minute they went inside 
where I was lying on the bed, waiting.
- He is all yours for 4 hours, she said, instructed to give you full services. Good luck.
Then she left without looking at me and the door closed. A man about forty approached the bed 
and I got up on the bed to take off my boxer shorts slowly. When I got to the side of the bed I was 
all naked with a semi hard dick. The man approached me and took it in his hand before he bent 
down and started to kiss and suck it. I had never been sucked by a man before but this guy knew 
how to play with a dick. My dick got real hard and I had to stop him to prevent me from coming 
in his mouth right away. Then I jumped down from bed and started to undress him in manner that 
gave him value for money. When he was naked, I went over to the bed and invited him to join 
me. I knew that he wanted my virgin ass, so I rolled over. I had never been penetrated there 
before, but I was prepared for pain. I could see the man smiling and he was really turned on by 
watching my ass up in the air. He started kissing my neck, down my back to my ass. There he 
started to lick me and penetrate me with his tongue. By now he couldn't restrain himself, so he 
got up put his rock hard dick to my ass and started to penetrate me. When I got it in me I thought 
I would explode and it hurt so much. The man really fucked me now and worked faster and faster, 
while his breathing got more and more exhausted. Then I felt him shiver and I realized that he 
came in me. I was no longer a virgin ass, instead I was now a male whore.

The man pulled his dick out of me and rolled over. It was a relief. Then my conscious came over 
me and I realized that I had to give him value for his money. As he was lying on his back I started 
to touch his chest and give him massage. I turned him over and continued with his back. This 
went on for over an hour and I could feel that he loved it. When I thought he was ready, I stood 
up in bed to let him suck me like he wanted to do from the beginning. He really knew how to 
please a man and he took the load in his mouth without hesitation.

After this he was really turned on and pushed me down to the bed. He lifted my legs and pushed 
the dick in my ass within seconds and I couldn't help shouting becase it hurt. He just laughed and 
held my face with his hands, bent down and gave me a kiss. This was the first kiss I ever received 
from a man, so I tried to turn away. I couldn't, he was too strong. His lips met mine and he 
started to squeeze his tongue between my lips. Then I had to open my mouth to give him value 
for money. I realized that he just had taken my cum in his mouth but I couldn't tell if he returned 
some of it too me. It was all too much at this moment. Then he started to fuck me hard, all the 
time with a smile on his face. I guess he kept on for at least half an hour before he finally came 
for the second time in my ass.

Afterwards I expected him to pull out of me, but he stayed inside for several minutes before 
finally did. Then he let my legs down and continued to stay on top of me. At first he kissed my 
cheek, but then continued to kiss me with open mouth. I could feel that he got a hard-on and 
surprisingly I got it too. He continued to kiss my chest all the way down to my rock hard dick. 
After a while he got up to sit on top of me. He put my dick to his ass and let me penetrate him. 
Then he started to ride me and it felt good. Georgia had never given me the permission to fuck 
her ass, so I was a virgin in this too. It felt so great that I couldn't help myself from coming within 
minutes. Now he was completely exhausted and laid down beside me. 

We just stayed there for a long time just holding each other. Then he realized that he was running 
out of time. Now it was my turn to sit on my knees while he was standing in bed. There I had to 
take his dick in my virgin mouth. At first I just kissed it but he took my head and penetrated my 
lips. I started to lick it like he done with me. It was difficult for him to keep standing when I let 
my tongue play with his dickhead. Just before he was about to come, he pulled out. Now I got down
down and spread my legs so he could fuck me one last time. He came on top of me and pushed 
his dick in my ass and fucked me for the third time. Now he was so turned on that it didn't take as 
long until he came. When I felt him coming I saw that there only was a couple of minutes left of 
his time. He rested in me for a minute, and then he pulled out, got out of bed and started to get 
dressed. I remained in bed like before, empty inside and ashamed of that I had become a 
male whore. When Georgia knocked on the door the man was just about to button his shirt.

Georgia entered the room and asked:
- Has everything been fine?
- Oh yes, the man replied. I am more than satisfied. This young man has done everything I've 
asked for and I really would like to make a new appointment.
- That nice to hear, Georgia said and continued, we can discuss it on our way downstairs.
Then she turned to me and said:
- You shall stay exactly where you are until I return.
They left the room and I was alone. I was afraid that Georgia would reject me now as I was a 
whore. It took more than 10 minutes before she returned.

When she came into the room, I was lying naked with my ass up in the air. She approached the 
bed with a smile before she said. 
- You've been a good boy serving your first customer, now he is a regular customer too. I've 
signed him up for one session each month. Now I just must see how well he has been treating 
you.
She climbed in bed and touched my butt. Slowly she went down and put a finger in my ass. Then 
all of a sudden she bent down and started to kiss my ass and even penetrating me with her tongue. 
I was surprised as this was nothing I expected from her. Now she got off me and said: 
- I just love that my little whore had been fucked in his ass and I love all the cream in there. Get 
up and sit on my face so I can lick it.
I got up and placed myself over her face and she started to lick my ass. I could sense how much 
she loved it and she kept on for a long time. I even got a hard-on by it. Finally she got up, turned 
around, took my dick and put it to her pussy. Slowly she started to ride me. It felt so good just 
being there, watching Georgia's tits jumping up and down as I felt how I penetrated her pussy. 
She was in command but I was allowed to feel the pleasure. I rubbed her clit while she rode me 
and that made her come. When she was done, she got down beside me on the bed and we fell 
asleep.

From now on my job was to be a male slave and whore, where Georgia was my pimp. When we 
got home she ordered me to get back to the cage and so I did. She went back to the computer to 
put out more ads for my services. From that day I spent all my time in the cage, unless Georgia 
wanted to fuck. I was not allowed to come in her pussy either, instead I had to jerk of on her tits 
and lick it up afterwards. When I was done with that I had to eat her pussy until she had her 
orgasm. Most of the times that we fucked, I stayed in bed with her through the night. Then in the 
morning I returned to my cage, that was my resort.

The next weekend it was time for me to work again. Georgia had made appointments with five 
men. All of them wanted to suck my dick, fuck my ass and have a blowjob. Like the first time 
Georgia got turned on by it and when I got back home I had to sit on her face so she could eat the 
cum that poured out. This included farting on her face, which she just loved.

Our life continued this way the next two months. In the week I was looked up in my cage in the day 
and fucked Georgia in the evening. Each weekend she sold me to different men and I realized 
that the market for my services where huge. The one thing that drove me through this was that 
every time I looked into Georgia's eyes I was lost. That was the same thing with the cage. I don't 
know how I ended up in there but every time Georgia asked me to do something, I did it without 
hesitation. I was simply so in love with her.

After a time it was a routine to put my services for sale. I guess we made enough money to pay 
our bills. Then Georgia took me out of the cage one day and she said.
- You've been a good boy serving me and our customers. I've thought about how we could make 
more money on your services and I have just put out some ad's about sexual events. I want you to 
get prepared for four different kinds of events: Male gangbang, Female gangbang, Militant 
feminist training and watersports. I have rented an isolated cabin one hour from here where the 
events will be held.
I looked at her and like always I couldn't say no. Instead I kissed her to show my appreciation. 
Then she continued:
- I guess you understand what gangbang is about, so there you just have to do your best to satisfy 
our customers. Watersports shouldn't be any problem either but I will give you some training. For 
the militant feminist training you will act as punch bag. This is about women that want some 
training to defend them from rapist and husbands that beat them. I have found an instructor for 
those events already.
I looked at, surprised. She leaned forward, kissed me and then she said.
- To get started, I need to pee in your mouth. Get down on your knees.
I got down while she took of her pants. As I was always naked in our apartment I was ready right 
away. Slowly she started to pee in my face. After a few seconds I focused where her pee came 
from and the only problem was to swallow in between. When she was done, she came down to 
kiss me where she just had peed on me. In the end both of us licked the floor like we were two 
cats. Then we went into the bedroom to fuck. I must say, she was amazing.

Two weeks later it was time for the first event. All I got to know in advance was that it was a 
male gangbang. Georgia had put up the event as a 24-hour-full-service event. We drove up to the 
cabin in the morning to get prepared. There were four rooms and a kitchen. Our customers started 
to arrive at half past twelve and we were about to start at one. All in all nine men in different ages 
arrived. Georgia had me tied up with my hands attached to a hook in the ceiling with my face all 
covered up and blindfolded. I heard that they were served drinks and I could feel how they 
touched my chest, but and dick. Then I heard Georgia talking to the men.
- Welcome to our 24 hour event. As you can see the main object is ready for you. I have prepared 
drinks and snacks and I will return with a hot meal in the evening. As you know we have already 
arranged the order to get started. Number one, here are the keys. Let's get started and keep him in 
one piece please.
   
I heard someone approaching me and then I could take my arms down. They took of my 
blindfold so I could see all of the men. Nine horny men had gathered to fuck me over and over 
again. Number one took my hand and placed me on a bed that had been moved to the living 
room. He got undressed, played a little bit with his dick to get hard, turned me around and then he 
put his dick to my ass and pushed it in me. Even if I was used to take a dick in my ass, it hurt. 
Now he fucked me while all the other got undressed. They gathered around us, cheered while we 
fucked. I don't know for how long we went on but all of a sudden I felt him tremble and then he 
stopped. Slowly he pulled out of me. Now number two took his place and shoved his dick in my 
ass. His dick was larger so it stretched a little bit more when he entered me. Then I was fucked a 
second time and after him the other followed. They fucked me all hard and filled my ass with their 
seed. All the time I was not allowed to move and I got numb by their treatment. It took almost two 
hours for them to gangbang me.

After this first round number one came over to me. First he kissed my ass then he turned me 
around to suck my dick. It felt so good and after a while I shot my load in his mouth. He 
swallowed it and gave me a kiss. As I knew what was expected of me, I returned the kiss and our 
tongues met. Then he left me and two other guys moved in, I don't remember their numbers but I 
had to suck them. Both of them came in my mouth and I swallowed. Then I had a 69 with one 
man, where I was on top. Another man moved in and started to fuck me, a third man placed 
himself in front of me so I could suck his dick too and a fourth man sat on top of me and rode my 
back turned to man fucking my ass. At the same time I had four men abusing me and the rest of 
them played with themselves. All of a sudden I could feel their cum all over me. Now I was 
allowed to rest, for the first time since we started.

I was in bed with one man on each side of me. They both touched me and I kissed them in 
return. After a while they turned me to the side and one of them started to fuck me gently. 
Meanwhile I was face to face with the other man. When the first guy came in me, they just turned 
me around so the second man could fuck me. All around us the others started to play with each 
other, so instead of a gangbang it was a group orgy. 

The day turned to evening and the evening turned to night. The next day came sooner than I 
anticipated. I was fucked so many times that I felt empty inside and I wanted to get back to my 
cage. Before we ended it all I had to give them a group blowjob. They were standing in a circle 
with me on my knees in the middle. At the same time I had to suck them and give them a hand 
job. When they were close to come, they continued on their own. At a signal they started to spray 
their cum all over me. By now Georgia had entered the room. When they were done she ordered 
me to stay were I was while she followed our customers out. When she returned, she dropped her 
cloths and started to lick the cum of my face. She pushed me on my back and rode me so hard 
that she also let me come in her. Then she moved up so I could eat her cumfilled pussy. We 
continued then to switch places to sit on our faces. As much as I didn't like to be a whore, I loved 
being with Georgia. She was worth it all.

Back home I returned to the cage and it felt so good being in my safe place. The coming 
weekends I had regular customers but no event. In the week I was able to rest. Then it was time 
for the second event, watersports. We drove up to the cabin in the morning. I didn't know how 
many customers that had signed up for the event. When the clock struck one, nineteen persons had 
arrived, seven women and twelve men. I thought I was to be a whore but just before they arrived 
Georgia came up to me and said:
- Marvin, for this event you will direct them together with me. They all want us to pee on them 
and together we are going to give them an event to remember. First I must tie you up like the first 
time. 
She blindfolded me and had my hands tied up to a hook in the ceiling with my face all covered 
up. I heard them enter the cabin and they received a drink. Then Georgia spoke:
- Welcome to our 24 hour event. As you can see the main object is ready for you. For this event 
you will receive challenges along the way and Marvin over there will be the trophy that the 
winner gets until the next challenge. Your profiles have revealed that all of you are interested in 
both giving and taking. Above this you are all bi-curious to some degree. So to get started two of 
you will compete in the first challenge. I have selected number eight and twelve. You can follow 
me over here.
I heard them approach me and then Georgia continued:
- This event is an oral Russian roulette, where the two of you will suck Marvin's dick. We will 
start counting on one, where one of you will suck him. Then the second person comes in and we 
will count to two. This means that for each time you will switch turns, you get more time to do 
your job all the way. The winner gets the cream and the looser gets the juice. The winner will 
also have the choice to take the first golden shower from all of us at the same time or pass that 
over to Marvin. The last job will be to split all of you into groups of four. 
Then I felt someone touch my semi hard dick and they counted one. They let go of my dick and I 
felt someone kissing it as they counted one, two. Another shift came and I felt how they took my 
hard on dick in the mouth as they counted one, two, three. It continued like this and the more 
time they got the more they played with me. When they reached ten, it was hard to keep standing 
up. Finally when they passed the counting to eighteen and started to count to nineteen I couldn't 
hold back any more and shot my cum in the mouth. Everybody shouted and laughed. Now it was 
time for the juice so I felt that someone had put my dick in his mouth and the people around me 
shouted for us to get started. Slowly I managed to get some pee out but then I couldn't hold back. 
I hadn't peed since we left our apartment and it was really time to go. I felt how my dick slipped 
out of the mouth while I peed all over the face and I was back in the mouth again. When I was 
done they untied me and took of my blindfold. Now I saw a young man about my age on his 
knees in front of me, all covered with my pee. On my right side I had a handsome man in the mid 
forties whom was the winner. As soon as I got my hands free, he gave me a kiss.
- I want to share the first golden shower with you, he said.
Then we sat down on the floor with our backs against each other. The others approached and one by 
one they started to pee all over us. It felt like it continued on forever. They aimed at our dicks, 
chests and faces. Even the ladies in the group were excellent at aiming. When they were 
done, some of them got down and started to lick us clean.

After this we split up in small groups where started to touch and play with each others. We were 
five groups with two ladies in two of them and one in the last. Georgia was there too but got 
never involved in our games. As the trophy I followed with the winner and he picked the two 
youngest women for us. They were just about twenty, blonde hair, beautiful blue eyes, great 
bodies and big firm D-cup tits. Calling them babes was an understatement. We went into one of 
the small rooms while the other groups found their places. Once in the room the winner of the 
challenge had not had the chance to pee yet. The girls insisted to take it and got down on their 
knees in front of his dick. He started to pee on them and it was great to see it flow all over their 
faces, tits and pussies. I crawled in and started to kiss and lick them between their legs and this 
turned them on even more. After this we fucked crazy.

One hour after the first challenge it was time for the second. Georgia called us all in to the living 
room and one group was chosen by the old winner to compete. Then she said:
- Now it's time for the second challenge today and you will compete in pee drinking. All of us will 
have to fill the glasses.
Each and everyone started to pee in the glasses. When we were done, the four contestants started 
to drink when Georgia counted to four. This time the winner was a man about thirty but all the 
others emptied their glasses in no time.

As I was the trophy I was automatically chosen to be in his group and then he picked out two 
middle aged women with red hair.
After that he split all the groups into four again. Just as I was about to join my group Georgia 
grabbed my arm and said:
- I need you to prepare for the next event, so I will take your place in the group. You will stay in 
the kitchen to drink water. I need you to be giving in the next event.
Georgia turned around and I saw here enter one of the small rooms, holding the other man. This 
was the first time I had seen her with someone else and I got jealous. I went into the kitchen to 
drink but after half an hour I had to sneak out to look through the window to find out what 
Georgia did. There I saw her standing on all four like a dog, being fucked from behind. In front 
of her sat one of the women and the other stood up and started to pee on the tits. Georgia licked 
and played with the tits while she was fucked from behind. All this turned my on and made me 
jealous at the same time. I returned to the kitchen to get prepared for the next challenge.

Georgia returned to kitchen just before the challenge, walked up to me and said:
- Did you like what you saw, me licking those tits and being fucked from behind at the same 
time?
She took my hand and put it at her pussy. It was wet but I realized it was the cum from the man 
whom had fucked her.
- Nice cream, she continued, I think I'm about to have some more of that later.
Then she left me and called us all into the living room again. She asked the latest winner to pick 
out two women and two men. Then the women had to lay down before Georgia started:
- This event is a vaginal Russian roulette where the winner gets the cream and the looser get the 
juice. For the gentlemen you will be used for face sitting afterwards.
I knew what to do and put my dick to one of the pussies, and then they counted one. I left for the 
other woman, put my dick in her pussy and they counted one, two. I went for the first woman 
again. It was great fucking them and the longer time I had with each of them the better it was. 
When they counted to 24 I couldn't hold back anymore so I shot my cum in the pussy. Then I had 
to pull out fast and get in the other pussy while my dick was still hard. There I started to pee in 
her, first slow but then harder. It poured out of her and it felt good. After that the women got up 
to give the men some face sitting. Finally the winner took me and two other men into one of the 
small rooms. There we started to give her massage and when she told us, we had to put the 
dick in each others mouths to pee.

One hour later Georgia called us in again. The latest winner had to pick out four men and four 
women. Now Georgia introduced the next challenge.
- This event is a condom filling contest. You've got five minutes to fill the condom as much as 
possible. The highest weight wins. And for you ladies, you will be used as targets afterwards, 
when we will throw the condoms at you until they break. Now you can start.
The four men started to play with their dick's to be able to pee in the condom. One by one they 
managed it and they filled it up as much as they could. Then Georgia looked at the condoms but 
didn't have find out the weight to find the winner. This time it was a middle aged 
short man. After that the contestants threw the condoms at the women whom had been picked 
out. They loved being smashed and they started to lick each other when we were done.

Now it was time for the winner to pick out playmates to his group. As the trophy I was assigned 
to be with him, and then he picked out two other men. For the other groups he made another one 
also consist of men. For the rest of the groups one had three women and the last two had four 
women. The two groups with men stayed in the living room while the others went into the small 
rooms. Then the winner told me to get down on my knees to suck his dick. So I did and after a 
few minutes he shot his cum in my month. The other two fellows in the group came after and 
wanted the same treatment. Now the other group in the living room noticed what we did, so I had 
to suck them too. 

I was just done with the last dick when Georgia called us all in again. When everybody was in 
place, she started to introduce the next challenge:
- As only men could compete in the last challenge, now I need two women. For each woman I 
need six men and two women. This means that one woman will pass and is chosen for the next 
event. The challenge is the golden cup, where the two contestants will take as much pee in their 
mouth without swallowing it. The one that keeps it the longest time will win.
The two young blond girls were chosen to compete and one by one we lined up to pee in their 
mouths. It turned out that both of them were excellent at doing this. We filled them up and they 
kept it without spilling. In the end Georgia stopped it and they were both winners.

The girls arranged new groups and they picked out a third woman to join our group. Just as we 
were about to enter one of the small rooms Georgia grabbed my arm like she done once before 
and said:
- I need you to prepare for the next event, so I will take your place in the group. You will stay in 
the kitchen. I need you to be giving once more in the next event.
Georgia turned around and I saw here enter the room together with the two blonde girls and the 
third woman. This was the first time I had seen her with another woman and she had never before 
indicated the she was interested in women. I was jealous of not being allowed to be with those 
women but at the same time I was turned on by it. I went into the kitchen to drink but after half 
an hour I had to sneak out to look through the window to find out what Georgia did. There I saw 
her on her back with one of the blond girls sitting on her face and the other blonde girl was 
kissing and playing with her tits. The third woman was between Georgia's legs eating her pussy. I 
watched them for quite a while and l saw how they switched places and especially Georgia was 
enjoying it. I returned to the kitchen and within 10 minutes Georgia came into me. Right away 
she kissed me and I could smell the juice of the pussy she just had been licking. She said nothing; 
instead she turned around and gathered the people in the living room.

It took some minutes before we all got in place, then she said:
- I guess you all wonder what this event is about. First I would like the latest winner to pick out 
one man each.
The blonde girls picked out the two oldest men this time, and then Georgia continued.
- This event is an anal Russian roulette where the winner gets the cream and the looser gets the 
juice. You know the rules by now so get prepared.
The two men lay down and spread their legs so I could penetrate them. I started and the group 
counted one. Then I went over to the other man and they counted one, two. I continued until I 
reached 28, then I shot my load in the ass. I pulled out and pushed in the other ass and after a 
minute I was able to pee in it. When I was done, I pulled out and gave this ass a gentle kiss.

As the trophy I joined the winner and he picked out a woman to join our group. Then he turned 
around to Georgia whom stood right beside him, placed one hand on her but and the other on her 
tit. He let the hand go down to touch her pussy before she reacted. She turned around and 
slapped his face, took his hair and pushed him down to his knees. Then she said:
- Who gave you the permission to touch me? You know you just made a mistake and you lost 
your status as winner. 
Then she pushed his face to her pussy and started to pee all over it. When she was done, she 
turned to the looser in the challenge and said. 
- You will take over your group.
He then took me, the other man and the woman into one of the rooms. There I and the woman 
had to lay down. The other men got settled over our faces and we had the two asses I just fucked 
above us. I was handed the ass I had peed in and even if it had been leaking he still held a lot of it 
inside his ass. Every time he pushed or farted, it poured out. At the same time the woman had to 
eat my cum out of the other ass. When they were done, they jumped over the woman. One of 
them penetrated her ass then the other penetrated their pussy. When they had fucked her a little 
bit, they stopped. Now I realized that they were about to pee in this sandwiched lady. She didn't 
realized it until they started but when she did she laughed and looked at me. After they pulled out 
of her, she came over to me and sat on my face. Once again I had pee and cum pouring down my 
face. I had to lick her clit until she came. We continued to play with each other then.

While we played Georgia prepared dinner for us and when she was done she called us all in. 
There we had a nice time together but in the end Georgia introduced the next challenge.
- I want you all to clear the table as we need it for the next challenge. This time we are going to 
have some speed fucking. All ladies, get up on the table.
All the seven women got up on the table lying on their back. Then she picked out seven of the 
twelve men and directed them to one woman each. Then she continued:
- As we have five men left and no women, I will take one place. The two of you whom got 
fucked in the last challenge will also have to get up on the table. Now you Marvin, you will be in 
charge to start the race and to verify orally the winners, second place and third place. The rules 
are simple, fuck us on the table in our pussies or in asses until you men will come. Marvin say go.
They all started to fuck when I told them to. As all of us had been fucking a lot the past hours, no 
one came right away. I was afraid that Georgia would win and that I had to eat the seed from 
another man out of her pussy. Then I heard another couple scream as they came. I went over to 
them, kneeled and then the man pulled out of the pussy. I kissed his dick and tasted the cum. 
After that I kissed the pussy and there was more of his seed. Now I heard another couple coming 
and I did the same thing again. Finally the third couple came and several other couples followed. 
Georgia had not come though and when she realized that the race was over, she stopped.

The winners of the race won the free choice of four other couples. They picked the couples with a 
man and a woman. As I had taken Georgia's place, we were now three male couples to choose 
from. The second place picked two couples where I was also included. Last but not least third 
place picked the remaining couple. The big group stayed in the living room while the other 
groups went into the small rooms. This was the beginning of the rest of this event. There were no 
challenges left but some of us tried out what we had done before. Especially the oral Russian 
roulette was popular. We continued all through the night until the following day.

Once all the people had left us Georgia really wanted to fuck me. After 24 hours of fucking and 
peeing, the cabin smelled. She made me pick out several soaked blankets and I had to lay down. 
She started to ride me. It was great to see her tits jumping up and down. Then she stopped, leaned 
back and started peeing over me. When she was done she continued to ride me until she came.

It took us two days to clean up the cabin after the event. When we returned to our apartment, I 
looked forward to my cage. Just being alone felt good after an event like I just been through. This 
time Georgia didn't let me stay much in the cage. Instead she had bought plastic sheet for the bed 
and she put ordinary cotton sheets above. Then I had to join her in bed for private watergames. 
First she lay down on her back, and then I had to hold her legs up until her ass was up in the air. 
Then she started to pee like a fountain all over her body and her face. When she was done, I let 
her legs down and I had to pee all over her. Then I had to lay down on her, penetrate her pussy 
and fuck her with the pee sticking us together. Just before I was about to come, she told me to 
pull out and empty my cum all over her. So I did and right after she pulled me close to lay down 
on her to feel the cum on hers and my body. All this turned her on and she was really into body 
fluids now. We stayed in bed holding each other close. The warm pee turned cold after a while, 
until it reached our body temperature. We just took a blanket to keep us warm. As we had a 
plastic sheet underneath us, the pee couldn't get anywhere. When the cotton sheets had absorbed 
what it could, the rest of the pee poured around in the bed. The night passed on and I woke up 
when she had her hand on my dick and she played with it. She continued to masturbate and I 
helped her out touching her clit. We went back to sleep when she had had her orgasm. In the 
morning we woke up by the alarm. Both of us needed to pee so Georgia turned around into a 69 
position and she started to pee over my face. At the same time I started to pee up in the air and 
she took it in her face.

After this I had to take of the bedclothes and put in the washing machine while Georgia took a 
shower and had breakfast before she had to go to work. I had my shower also and then I returned 
to my cage. I was not allowed to lock it as I had to make the bed first with clean sheets. When I 
was done, I locked it to prove my devotion to Georgia.

We continued like this the next weeks. When she got home from work, we went to bed almost 
right away to play. Some days we did like the day before, other days I had to lay on her with the 
dick between us where I had to pee. In between this I had to serve our regular customers. It was 
always well respected men with a family back home, but they never had told their wives about 
their preference for other men. I let them fuck my ass and mouth. They made me fuck their ass 
and mouth too.

It took three weeks until the next event. I knew nothing about what was to come when we drove 
up to the cabin. We prepared us like the other times which ended with my hands tied up to a hook 
in the ceiling but this time I was only blindfolded. Then I heard female voices entering the cabin 
and then how they approached me. I was standing there exposed naked in front of them. Then 
Georgia spoke:
- Welcome to this event, I hope you will enjoy it. Here is the key to Marvin, he is all yours for the 
next 24 hours.
Then she came over to me and whispered:
- Now you are going to experience a female gang rape. Enjoy yourself and do your best because 
you cannot get out of it.
I heard Georgia leave the cabin and the women took of my blindfold. There were six women 
around me, five of them between 28 and 35. Three of them were overweight were one was really 
fat. Two of them were quite ordinary and one was a young woman about 18 with extreme small 
tits and ass. One of the larger women took command:
- Let's use him orally first. Take him down and let him lick our pussies.
The other women unlocked me and led me forward to the woman that was laying down now. I 
always loved eating pussy and it was great to be there. I worked as hard as I ever could with my 
tongue and it felt like forever until she came. Then they led me over to the next woman to do the 
same again. This way it continued with all the other women and I realized that this would be a 
tough event for me. 

Once they were done I had to lay on my back and the young skinny girl wanted to ride me. The 
other women let her do that but one of the other took the opportunity to sit on my face. Now I had 
to satisfy two women at the same time. It didn't take long until I came and there was no problem 
giving the woman above me an orgasm. Meanwhile the other women took out toys to play with. 
When the woman above me moved away I saw how they had attached strap-ons to them. Before I 
was able to say anything, they turned me around and I felt how they started to penetrate my ass. 
At the same time another woman came in front of me and I had to take that strap-on in my mouth. 
Now they fucked me in my ass and my mouth at the same time. Being fucked in the ass was 
something I was used to and I could even enjoy it. The difference of being fucked by a man and a 
woman with a strap-on was that a man eventually came after a while. With these women it was 
different. They kept on fucking my ass until they were exhausted, then another took the place. 
They raped my as like this for several hours. At the same time I had to lick their strap-on, tits and 
pussies. When they finally were done fucking me, they gave me a pill before they turned me 
around. Then one of the women started to suck my dick and when I had a hard-on again she 
climbed on top of me and started to ride me. Once she started another woman came over placed 
her pussy over my face so I got lick her at the same time. After a little while I could feel how 
another woman touched my foot and started to play with it by her pussy. First she just played 
with it, but then I could feel how my foot slowly penetrated her and she fucked herself with it. 
Another woman followed her and started to use my other foot. Now I had one woman face 
sitting, another one riding me and two women using my feet. I tried to focus on all those things at 
the same time but it was hard to breath. I couldn't help myself from coming in the pussy that rode me 
but then they changed places so I licked her cum filled pussy clean. When I was done, another 
woman jumped up to sit on my face. The women who got fucked by my feet had stopped their 
activities and now I had only two women at the same time. I did my best to make it comfortable 
for them. When anyone of them got exhausted, they were replaced. This way they continued for 
several hours. I realized that the pill they gave me before contained some kind of hormones or 
drugs that made it possible to have a hard-on even when I had come. When they had had enough 
I had filled two pussies and had given them several orgasms.

The last two women jumped off me while one of them said:
- Now what shall we do with him?
The young skinny girl responded right away:
- There is one thing I would like to try. Can anyone of you hold up his leg so I can play with ass?
Two women volunteered and when they lifted my legs, the skinny woman placed her foot by my 
ass. Slowly she started to push the toe into my it. Then she continued to move in and out. I could 
feel how I got penetrated by more toes, before half of her foot was inside of me. Now she started 
to kick-fuck my ass harder and harder. It felt like I would explode, still she kept on going with a 
smile on her face. She stopped all of a sudden and pulled out. I saw how she turned around and 
started to penetrate my ass with her fingers. One by one they slipped into my ass and she was fist 
fucking my ass. She went on for a while, fascinated of how she played with me. It was no longer 
just her hand in my ass, she shoved her arm all the way up to her elbow in me. In the end she 
decided to pull out.

It was dark outside now and I understood that they had been raping me for several hours. Once 
again I was not allowed to rest. They led me over to a bed where two of the overweight ladies 
waited for me. First they gave me another pill and something to eat. When I was done I had to lay 
between them while they started to touch me. My dick was rock hard and I could see how that 
turned them on. The fat one rolled over to get on top of me. Her weight was at least twice 
mine and I lost my breath when she let me carry all of it. She stayed like that and the other 
woman help her to get my dick in her pussy. Then she started to move back and forth, fucking 
me. We fucked this way for several minutes before she rolled over and I was allowed to get on 
top of her. Now I had to fuck her hard instead. I went on for at least half an hour before I could 
feel that she had her orgasm. They pulled me out of her and over to the other woman to do the 
same thing again. I had to run over all of the women but I only made it to come in two of them. It 
lasted for several hours before I was done.

They gave me some more too eat and they also pushed sausages in the pussies for two of the 
women. To eat it I had to go down between their legs. After this they split up in two groups. The 
first one rested while the second raped me. They made me lick their pussies and fuck them as 
well as they rode my dick and fucked my ass. When one group wanted to rest, the next took their 
place. This way it continued until there only were a couple of hours left on the event.

The grand final was another rough strap-on gang rape on me. They all attached their equipment to 
themselves and started to fuck my throat and ass. I was tossed around like a piece of meat, I had 
to lay on the bed while they fucked me, I had to be standing on all of my four like a horse, I had 
to stand up and lean over chairs and tables and l had to ride them while they sat on the sofa or 
were in bed. It all stopped when Georgia returned to the cabin and I fell apart on a bed. 
The women got dressed, gave me a gentle kiss and told Georgia how great it had been to play 
with me. Meanwhile I was devastated on my own. When the door to the cabin was shut after the 
last woman, Georgia got undressed and came over to me on the bed. Instead of demanding me to 
fuck her, she just held me and touched me gently. After a while she took some paper and dragged 
it over my ass and she showed it for me. I realized that I was bleeding from the treatment I had 
received. Georgia just kissed me in return.

We left the cabin after cleaning it up. Back at the apartment I returned to my cage and Georgia 
allowed me to be on my own for several days. Eventually she couldn't keep her hands off me and 
I was commanded to stay with her in the bed to play. First of all she enjoyed the watergames but 
she all also required me to fuck her at least two or three times each night. Every time I had to 
come in her pussy as well. After a few more days I also had to serve regular customers, like I've 
done before. At first it was hard after the gang rape, but as it was my way of earning a living I 
had to do it.

Only two weeks went by before it was time for a new event. I remembered what Georgia had told 
me before, militant feminist training. I was really scared now, afraid of what to come. I was silent 
all the way to the cabin. Once we arrived we prepared the event by placing mattresses on the 
floor in the living room. When it was about time for the event to start, I was standing naked but 
only one woman arrived.  She was a litte bit taller than Georiga, had short blond hair and nice B-
cup tits. Georgia welcomed her and she said:
- Marvin. This event will be both tougher and shorter. This lady is the instructor and later four 
students will arrive. The event will only last until this evening but I have promised her to keep 
you until tomorrow. As I understand it she has some things she wants to try out on you.
The lady approached me and said:
- Listen now carefully, for your own good. Before the students will arrive, I will teach you falling 
without breaking your arms or legs. I will also teach you how to take our punches with the least 
possible damage. It is just practice now but beware, within a couple of hours it is for real.
Then she started to wrestle me down, while she taught me how to reduce the power of the fall. 
She also told me how to hold my breath when she was about to beat me in the stomach and how 
to do when she hit me in the face or slap my ass. George watched us while we practiced.

Afterwards I received something to eat and drink before I was tied up with my hands up in the air 
attached to a hook in the ceiling blindfolded. I also received a drug to ease the pain for the 
coming event. Then our students arrived and I could hear their voices. At the same time Georgia 
left the cabin. Now the instructor introduced the event:
- Ladies, you are all welcome to this event that will last until the evening. You have different 
reasons of being here, but I will not talk about it. I have though held several training sessions like 
this before where women had participated because they had been raped or abused and therefore 
wants to learn how to defend themselves. I have also had women attending who practiced 
husband battering and they just wanted to get better at beating up their men. You will learn both 
parts today starting with how to defend yourself against rape. Over here we have the man that will 
be used for the training. 
She came over to me and I felt how she took my dick in her hand. I got a hard-on right away and 
she continued: 
- As you can see, the reason why we are here is the men have got their brain in their dick which 
makes us women superior. I want all of you to touch his dick now otherwise you will touch it by 
mistake later.
I felt several hands over my body and I understood that they did as they were told. Then they 
untied me and took off my blindfold. In front of me I saw four women, two young women about 
twenty and two women about thirty-five. The instructor continued: 
- First we are going to practice wrestling and Judo. I will show you first and then you will have to 
try it by yourself. 
I was asked to try to wrestle the instructor down, so I walked up to her and took firm grip and it 
felt great touching a woman with muscles. All of a sudden she turned me around and I fell to the 
floor. Then the other women had to practice. The longer they tried the better it went for them. 
After that the instructor intervened again:
- Good job ladies. As you know, the weak spot for a man is his balls. Do not try to hold them 
hard, kick him there instead and then wrestle him down before you can hit or kick him. He will 
be surprised, especially if you follow it up. Now it's time for practice.
I had to walk forward against the instructor, and then she kicked me between my legs. I bent 
forward and she took me in her arms and wrestled me down to the floor without I was aware of 
what had happened. The painkillers I had before helped me to get up within a minute. It was time 
for the others and they kicked me several times. The instructor continued to give her advice:
- When it comes down to hitting a man you must know where to aim. First you will learn how to 
slap his face to get used to it but our objective is to hit him with a fist. You will also learn how to 
hit him in the stomach. Don't be afraid to use your strength, this man has volunteered for this 
treatment.
Now they really started to beat me up. After a while they had to wipe of my blood from my 
eyebrows and other places at my body. I must say that they had a professional approach and tried 
to hit me where it hurt the most. Step by step they practiced the whole scene from being attacked to 
wrestle me down and take command over the situation. I don't know how long it lasted but the 
instructor ended it when they all had practiced defending themselves several times.
- Well done ladies, she said. I can see that you all know the basics now. We shall instead continue 
with a little bit husband battering. We haven't got much time left, but you will get an 
introduction. I will also offer a challenge for you. As the last activity today one of you may 
combat our man her. The rules are easy: Fight him down or get raped by him. If anyone of you 
would like to try, remember that no one else will intervene. You don't have to decide now.
The students sat on the sofa now and I had to stand beside the instructor. She continued:
- First of all I recommended you to get at least a boyfriend but preferably a husband to practice 
self-defence. Don't pick up a man at the bar, as you have no idea of what he is capable to do. Find 
someone you can control and take command over. There is a difference between wives beating 
up their husbands than husbands beating up their wives. Physically it is the same, mentally and 
socially we find the difference. When a husband tries to tell someone about being beat up at 
home, generally no one will believe him. People always think and expect that a man can take care 
of himself. There are rarely no shelters for men in this situation, which gives us the advantage.
The instructor turned around and approached me and slapt my but.
- This is a good example. He even agreed to volunteer as a punch bag for this event. So far you 
know how to wrestle him down, slap his cheek, hit him in his face and his stomach and kick his 
balls. That is a good start but husband battering is also about mind control. You will decide what 
he is allowed to do, who he shall meet and where he can go. I will give some practice where you 
will spank his butt with your hand, walk on his back and spit in his face.
One by one they tried it out and they enjoyed it. I played the role of submissive husband that I 
was used to be. This was though different from the relation I had with Georgia. Like always time 
passes fast when you have fun. At least the students had had a nice time, event though it was 
painful for me. The painkillers I had received in advance had more or less ceased to help me. 
Now the instructor wrapped it all up.
- Before you all will go on home, I would like to know if anyone of you are interested in the 
challenge?
Right away two of them raised their hand, one of the young students and one of the older ones. 
The instructor went over to them and after a few minutes it was settled that the young woman 
was about to combat me.
Before we started the instructor turned to the young woman and asked her:
- This fight is for real. You may win by knocking him down, but there is also a risk that you will 
loose. If you loose he will rape you and none of us will intervene or rescue you. If you have the 
least doubt you can quit now. Do you understand?
- Yes, the woman answered.
- Do you want to go ahead? The instructor asked again.
- I am ready and I will take the consequences, the woman answered.
We were both standing face to face when the instructor gave us the signal to get started. The 
rules were simple, I had to rape the woman or she was about to beat me up. I knew that I had 
received plenty of training during the day and I knew that my chance to win was to aim at a quick 
attack. I approached the woman and just as she got prepared, I kicked her legs and she fell to the 
floor. Then I followed it up by jumping over her and slap her face several times. She was taken 
by surprise and I got a rush from being in charge. I tore her shirt apart and then the sports bra she 
used. Her tits were exposed so I bent down and kissed her nipples before I put my teeth to one of 
her tits. I started to bite her as hard as I could and she screamed. Now I had her in a state of chock 
and before she knew it, I tore her trousers and underwear to pieces. Her pussy was exposed, so I 
spread her legs and got on top of her. I penetrated her and started to fuck hard. All through my 
life I had never used violence to fuck a woman but now I got turned on by it. With all my 
strength I fucked her and I enjoyed it. It didn't take long until I came in her, even if she tried to 
fight back. To finish it, I pulled out of her and slapped her face several times before I got up and left 
her by herself. The other women came over to take care of her and I could see in her eyes that she 
cried. I was the winner and I enjoyed it. The instructor broke the ice after a while and said:
- It seems like you still got more to learn. Remember that.
Now I understood this was what she hoped for and I made it.

The students left the cabin and I was alone with the instructor. I knew that she had made a deal 
with Georgia to keep me for the night. So far I had no idea about what she was about to do. When 
she returned to the living room she came over to and took care of my scars. Then she said:
- You've been wonderful today. Of all those times I've done this, no man has won the last fight. 
To see you fight with her really turned me on and I just fell in love with you. Tonight I'm going 
to help you heal instead of hurting you.
She rearranged the mattresses on the floor and found us pillows and blankets. After that she got 
undressed and we got down together naked in our bed. It felt so nice, her naked body close 
to mine. Even her tits felt magnificent as they touched my chest while she gently touched my 
body. That night we made love like lovers do and that was first time in for me in many years.

We woke up in the morning by Georgia standing above us. She looked at the instructor and said 
with a firm voice:
- So this is what you call trying out new things.
None of answered but the instructor blushed. She was ashamed of being caught this way. Georgia 
continued right away, like she was prepared.
- I can see that Marvin has done a good job yesterday. It will take at least one week for him to 
heal, before he can provide his services again. This means that I've got a vacancy. I will therefore 
give you an offer. You will move in with us and I will set up appointments for you to deliver services. 
You will spend your spare time in Marvin's cage. He will be with you there, when he is not 
serving his clients or me. You can assume that every night he is mine but you can have him 
during the day.
Georgia stopped and looked at us. I was so tired that I just didn't know what to think. The 
instructor nodded after a while to Georgia, accepting the conditions. 
- There are two more things to it. First your rank will be below mine and Marvin's. Second, you 
will have to take pills not to get pregnant but in the long run you will have to get sterilized. I don't 
want the two of you be like rabbits, giving birth to a whole bunch of kids. Eventually Marvin will 
be the father of my kids, but that will have to wait for several years now. Do you accept the 
conditions?
The instructor looked at me first and then at Georgia before she answered:
- I would like to do that more than anything in the world. I adore you very much and I'm in love 
with your boyfriend. If you let me have him occasionally then I will not let you down.
Georgia smiled and took of her cloths. For the first time I had a threesome with Georgia involved. 
The instructor was also great and both those women were careful with me as I felt pain all over 
my body after being beaten up.

Later that day we went back to our apartment. First we stopped at the instructor's place, to pick 
up what was important to her. When we arrived at our apartment, I went right away into my cage 
and the instructor followed me. Like two cats we started to lick each other clean and take care of 
each other. In the evening I joined Georgia in her bed, to please her. This was now my new life: 
two women to be close to, several customers to serve and regular events of different kinds. I don't 
know if I shall be happy or not, but most important I was both loved and in love. That is a lot more 
than many others have.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





