BDSM Library - Family Ties




Family Ties
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story will chart the gradual but inexorable total corruption of a relatively 'normal family'from early sexual experimentation to ultimate degradation and destruction via an ever increasing level of perversions.Chapter 1 - The end of innocence.  
Sitting on a wooden bench that lazy warm summer afternoon next to my friend
  Stanley I felt still a touch of annoyance at missing my regular Saturday afternoon
  golf game. Chaperoning my eldest daughter at the local Fete was not what I
  had planned. I glanced at him briefly wondering if he, like me, was bored.
  He and I had been shanghaied into this chore while our respective wives were
  having a 'girl's' lunch and shopping expedition. His daughter Sara was my Rachel's &quot;best
  friend&quot;, teenage girls were a mystery to me still and I was aware that
  they changed allegiances sometimes as often as their knickers. I hoped not,
  in Sara's case, as she was a sweet obedient girl it seemed. I took some comfort
  from the fact that my terrible twins - the precocious 11 year old girls that
  were the bane though delight of my life were at a friend's house for a birthday
  party and thus not my responsibility for the moment. Rachel was a good girl
  really, she rarely caused us much anxiety though I guessed with the pressure
  of puberty now on her at nearly 13 together with her raging hormones that state
  of affairs was not likely to last too long. Stanley's daughter Sara was a good
  influence though, surprisingly more mature than my Rachel although only a few
  months older.  
I sighed briefly and Stanley switched his gaze from the various activities
  in front of us and looking at me grinned. &quot; Not what you had in mind for
  this afternoon Dave?&quot; he enquired, his face conveying amusement. I felt
  a moments irritation, he seemed to be perfectly happy and content.  
&quot;Not really Stan&quot; I replied &quot;but what's of more concern is
  how hard the 'girls' are hitting the plastic on their shopping spree&quot;.  
It was a throwaway remark really, my wife Jessica was usually quite restrained
  in her personal spending and God knows with my recent promotion to number 2
  to Stanley who headed the Arbitrage division of the bank we both worked at,
  I could well afford to indulge her.  
&quot; I just hope she remembers to pick up a suitable costume for your Saints
  and Sinners part tonight&quot; I added.  
He laughed, nodding and asked quite slyly &quot; Which do you think she sees
  you as  
then ?&quot; I grinned back, the sun warm on my face &quot; A sinner - bet
  on it &quot; I chortled.  
Our conversation was interrupted before we could explore the subject more
  by two nubile giggling teenagers who pounced on us. I grinned, scooping Rachel
  up in my arms and nuzzling her soft cheek. Sara plonked herself on father's
  lap and hugged him tight. The girls were flushed and excited. Cheeks reddened
  and hair unkempt. Their short summer skirts rode up unselfconsciously round
  their slender thighs as they wriggled around laughing and talking to each other
  in that strange language young people seem to delight in. I marvelled again
  at the contrast between them. Sara was a typical blue eyed blonde, her hair
  was a golden sheaf normally held back tidily by a scrunchie but today tendrils
  of gold spun out caressing her pink flushed face. Her blue eyes danced and
  sparkled as she chatted animatedly to her father. My Rachel by contrast had
  deep brown eyes , long black lustrous curly hair that swung round her shoulders.
  She was normally serious, her delicate heart shaped face sweet usually composed
  as if in deep thought. Now though it sparkled and danced with delight as they
  exchanged giggles and smiles. Both girls were summer dressed, short cotton
  skirts and the cropped tops that were the vogue apparently, bare legs ending
  in strap sandals that showed their dusty feet.  
&quot;Ok girls &quot; said Stan &quot; time for home for you two and a long
  soak in the shower&quot; He grinned at me and slipped Sara from his lap and
  we rose and walked to the car park, the girls still giggling as they held hands
  and chattered animatedly. I smiled indulgently at my little girl, wondering
  as always what on earth they had left to talk about. Sara was staying later
  at my home with Rachel to &quot; sleep over&quot; together with the twins under
  the watchful and I hoped, responsible eyes of Stanley's elder daughter, Philippa.
  The latter was 19 and waiting to take up a place at University in the Autumn,
  I had yet to meet her as she had only recently returned from a &quot;gap year&quot; holiday
  abroad where she had gone straight from boarding school.  
 Reaching my car I indicated to the girls to hop in the back as I was dropping
  Stanley and Sara off on my way home. Stanley ushered Rachel to the front next
  to me and slid into back seat next to Sara. I was a little surprised at this
  but it was no big deal. Rachel immediately plugged in the earpiece of her portable
  c d player and a dreamy smile suffused her face as she soon lost herself in
  whatever the latest pop group hit was. I started the car and carefully drove
  away for the 20 minute ride to Stanley's house. I found it irritating trying
  to talk to Stanley over my shoulder and after a few desultory exchanges we
  lapsed into silence. After a few minutes I heard some strange noises coming
  from the back, I glanced sideways at Rachel but she was oblivious to anything,
  lost in her own world no doubt evoked by the &quot;music!!&quot; that she so
  enjoyed. The noises from the back were more regular now, a soft slurping sound,
  I frowned a little and eyes fixed on road I called out&quot; Everything OK
  back there?&quot;  
There was no response. Puzzled I reached up and altered the angle of my rear
  view mirror being careful to keep at least one eye on the busy road ahead.
  I saw Stanley leaning back against the seat, eyes closed and a pleasant smile
  on his face. &quot; Hmmm- asleep I guess &quot; I told myself. I altered the
  angle a little more wondering what Sara was up to. I couldn't see her. I frowned,
  not understanding. Then I was astonished to see a blonde head bobbing up and
  down. The angle of mirror was such that I could only see her head as it rose
  and fell in a steady rhythm. My stomach lurched as my eyes registered what
  my brain wouldn't accept. Her blonde head was over her father's side of the
  seat, right over his lap . I almost swerved into another car as I panicked.
  I looked away from the mirror, my heart racing, thumping in my chest. I felt
  my face flush and I glanced guiltily at Rachel. She was still impervious to
  her surroundings, eyes closed dreamily, legs propped on dashboard in front
  of her. Slender bare legs exposed almost as far as her white cotton knickers. &quot; It
  cant be &quot; I told myself, a flush of guilty shame flooding through me &quot; surely &quot; I
  thought &quot;there has to be a normal explanation&quot;. I was embarrassed
  at the interpretation I had put on what was almost certainly something entirely
  innocent. I surreptitiously altered the mirror angle again, though my brain
  was trying to be rational my body knew something else, my cock had gown hard
  as a rod of iron pushing against the crotch of my jeans. As the mirror swivelled
  a little more I was able to see further down at the back of the rear interior
  between the two front seats. Stanley was laid back on the seat thighs spread
  and his fly open wide. His eyes were closed. Sara's blonde hair was still bobbing
  up and down but I could now see the side of her face. Her cheeks were puffing
  and hollowing as her sweet young mouth engulfed her father's prick in long
  slow wet strokes. I almost crashed then, as my stomach somersaulted. I looked
  back again, Sara stopped and slowly raised her head, saliva strung lasciviously
  from her lips. Her eyes met mine through the mirror and she smiled at me..
  licking her soft full lips with an astounding wantonness for such a young girl.  
 My cock was straining the material of my jeans, so hard as to be painful.
  I saw Stanley's hand reach out to the top of her head and push her eager mouth
  back on his erect red glistening staff. She bent to her task again, head bobbing
  more urgently as she sucked and licked him. I sucked in lungfuls of air. Fearing
  I was going to explode, my heart was hammering so loud I swear I could hear
  it. But all I could hear was the soft slurping noises from the back that soon
  reached a crescendo, then suddenly stopped. Stanley sighed softly. I swiftly
  returned the mirror to normal position and glanced sideways. Rachel was still
  oblivious to everything. I drove carefully my thoughts jumbled and confused.
  I was horrified and excited- I felt guilty at how the sight of a 13 year old
  mouth servicing her father's stiff prick had turned me on. My head spinning
  I stopped at Stanley's house at last. I gulped and sat still as Stanley and
  Sara got out of car. My face burning , mind racing I sat clutching the steering
  wheel.  
&quot;See you later tonight then&quot; called Stanley as he started to walk
  up his drive. I was aware of Sara looking at me as she spoke her goodbyes to
  the now attentive Rachel through the open window on the passenger side.. Resolutely
  I stared ahead.  
 &quot; Thanks for the lift uncle Dave&quot; she called across Rachel. I
  glanced at her- her blue eyes were wide and she smiled softly- as if butter
  wouldn't melt in her mouth. An image of that mouth, its lips wrapped around
  her father's wet shaft so lovingly was imprinted in my mind and I stammered  
&quot; No problem Sara, see you later dear&quot;.  
She looked directly at me and I groaned inwardly as a hot flick of lust shuddered
  through me. I shifted uncomfortably on my seat, my erection still impossibly
  hard. She turned and walked to her father who awaited her. I tore my eyes away
  from her slender retreating figure and viciously floored the accelerator and
  drove off wheels spinning, my mind still whirling uncontrollably. Rachel grimaced
  and made an exaggerated grasp of the door as we drove away. Looking at me silently
  conveying her disapproval at my wild driving. I thought I could smell the aroma
  of sex in the car and wondered if I could bear to use it again or whether it
  would always be associated in my mind with the scene I had witnessed earlier.  
I arrived home thoroughly distracted and told Rachel to go and get showered
  and changed. I sat nursing a stiff drink. I normally didn't drink this early
  if we were going out later but I really needed it. I tried to focus on my feelings.
  I was shocked and horrified but underneath I was incredibly excited. Sara was
  such a sweet and beautiful young girl, the way she had smiled at me so lasciviously
  as her wanton wet mouth was poised over her father's straining prick had shaken
  me to my roots.  
&quot;God&quot; I groaned &quot;Sara is only 3 months older than Rachel&quot;-
  unbidden the thought of my own daughter sucking my penis flashed through my
  mind and my dick sprung erect again. I shook myself, feeling such a sense of
  revulsion at what I was thinking. I grunted and checked the clock - time for
  the twins to get back. I heard the crunch of gravel from the drive and peered
  through the window. It was Jessica. I watched as she paid off the taxi and
  tried to compose myself. I knew I couldn't tell her what I had seen. She was
  bright eyed and happy, her face beaming and I felt a sudden and unexpected
  surge of affection.  
We had been married some 15 years and though we had had some rough patches,
  affection, if not the wild sexual feelings we had once known, was still a comforting
  part of my life. I was 39 now 3 years older than my wife and some 7 years younger
  than Stanley and my life had settled into a boring if safe routine. Jessica
  had given up a promising career in the arts when she unexpectedly fell for
  Rachel and while I knew she loved her family dearly I knew Jessica sometimes
  felt unfulfilled. I had tried to persuade her try and pick up her career again
  but she had demurred. Like myself she had had an affair and though things had
  been stormy for a while we had got through it together. Moving down here to
  the leafy Surrey suburbs had been a way of trying to find some contentment.
  Stanley had headhunted me from another bank and when I had said I was thinking
  of moving from town he had helped us find this place. His wife, Martha and
  Jessica had hit it off as had Sara and Rachel so we were soon all fast friends.  
 Jessica was bubbling and excited but I was too distracted to concentrate.
  She babbled something about picking me a Priest's costume for the party that
  night.  
I groaned, thinking &quot;priestly &quot; was hardly in keeping with my thoughts
  just then. I reached for the phone , I had to do something, I couldn't just
  ignore what I had witnessed. I couldn't go to the party and meet Stanley and
  his wife and friends with this terrible secret burning me up. I dialled Stanley's
  number. He answered and enquired &quot; Did you forget or want something Dave,
  Philippa will be bringing Sara over later with their overnight things&quot;.
  I swallowed nervously and then whispered hoarsely &quot; Stan I have to talk
  to you now, before tonight, I will make an excuse here and be over in 10 minutes,
  will that be ok - I need to talk to you privately&quot;.  
&quot;Sure&quot; he said, &quot;there is just me and Sara here at present
  she is showering and Martha has gone to pick up Philippa and wont be back for
  an hour or so&quot;. I put the phone down, made an excuse to Jessica about
  forgetting something, grabbed my car keys and left. I drove on autopilot to
  his house, still not sure how I was going to deal with this. I stopped at his
  imposing 5 bedroom detached house and quickly parked and knocked at the door.
  He let me in, smiling with a drink in his hand. He was wearing a terry towel
  robe and from the sight of his bare feet and still damp hair he had obviously
  just finished showering. I stammered an apology for disturbing him, he was
  still after all my boss as well as a friend, even if a perverted one. He showed
  me through to lounge offered me a drink and sat on the large blue leather sofa.
  I sat opposite him, hunched forward in a matching large oversized armchair
  nursing the unwanted drink.  
&quot;Stan &quot; I cursed my trembling stammering voice &quot; I need to
  talk to you about what happened in my car on way back from fete&quot;. He nodded
  and I ploughed on. &quot; I cant get my head around this - are you a paedophile
  as well as an incestist or whatever its bloody well called?&quot;  
He clucked at me, disapprovingly &quot; Ok lets talk. First of all I am not,
  repeat not a paedophile!!&quot; He emphasised the denial with a direct stare
  from his blue eyes, so like Sara's. &quot;A paedophile is someone who has an
  unnatural fixation on sexual gratification with a premature child. I have never,
  nor would ever contemplate such behaviour and moreover I would denounce anyone
  who acted that way. Sara is 13, she is past puberty and biologically and sexually
  a woman, though I accept not legally. Well &quot; he amended &quot; at least
  not here. In some countries and up till comparatively recent times in most
  of Europe, 13 or even 12 was considered an acceptable age for sexual activity-
  certainly after a girl reached puberty. Actually I think it's still 13 in Japan&quot; He
  stopped there and took a drink.  
&quot;That's all very well&quot; I said &quot;but its illegal whatever you
  may say&quot;  
&quot;Sure &quot; he replied &quot; and we all behave illegally at times,
  you do every time you drive over the speed limit, cheat on your taxes etc.
  - all things you consider bad laws. Prohibition is another example from the
  USA of a bad law&quot;. He laughed as he watched me- actually every &quot;normal
  couple" who enjoys anal sex is breaking the law- most BDSM practices are technically
  assault and also illegal did you know that?&quot;  
 He continued &quot; Sex with a 13 year old is illegal I agree but not morally
  wrong which is all I care about. Moreover even society is ambiguous about it.
  Clinics are dispensing birth control pills to 12- 16 year olds for Christ's
  sake. Sex with a so called minor is and always has been rampant- with puberty
  comes curiosity and the almost overwhelming urge to experiment.&quot; He finished
  and stared at me fixedly, face frowning. I abhor paedophilia but that's the
  taking of innocence from a child who doesn't know how to refuse or is too vulnerable.
  You should listen to some 13 to 14 year olds talking about sex- it would make
  your hair curl."  
&quot;So&quot; he said &quot;are we ok on this as we need to deal with some
  other aspects of what I know is bothering you". I contemplated his explanation.
  Reluctantly I nodded. &quot; Ok I said - I can accept that- though it still
  bothers me but its your daughter for Christ's sake - that's incest!&quot;  
He chuckled and shifted on the sofa, the leather squeaking slightly as he
  moved. &quot; OK incest - lets deal with that- though incidentally sex with
  a 13 year old girl is not the only society inflicted sexual restriction I don't
  abide by - but that's for another time and it may never be something you have
  to worry about.&quot;  
&quot; Incest &quot; he mused, smiling softly and unbidden that image of
  Sara suckling on his distended member flashed through my mind. &quot; Its actually
  linked to underage sex in some ways. Girls, once they reach puberty are hormone
  driven, as are boys for that matter but the latter don't concern us here. You
  must see as I do the number of underage girls having abortions, having babies-
  Christ some look about 18 the way they dress?? The so called 'age of consent'
  is not something genes and hormones recognise. You must worry about that with
  Rachel now and you will have the same concerns about the twins in a few short
  years. Do you really want her first sexual experiences to be a fumbling episode
  with a callow youth, something that should be a joy and treasure to her, at
  the random mercy of some guy you will probably never even get the chance to
  meet. A dirty little secret. Do you want her to grow up repressed and emotionally/
  sexually stunted- guilt ridden. Martha's clinics are full of women like that?  
 He stopped and looked at me &quot; Don't tell me you hope she stays a virgin
  till she marries- odds are she wont- odds are that her first time will be nothing
  special and may well turn out an experience she would rather forget. Then,
  along with unwanted chance of conception you have diseases and infections to
  worry about- the emotional trauma that often accompanies a bad first time sexual
  experience, believe me I know, its quite commonplace as my wife Martha will
  testify. Our whole society is hung up on sex- its used to sell and persuade
  in all walks of life- yet its a subject that is littered with false notions
  and restrictions.  
So &quot; he continued &quot; I believe a girl's initial sexual experiences,
  her curiosity about her own sexual needs and wants, should be done in a loving
  safe environment. One where she won't be exploited or pressurised, where she
  can learn to experience and enjoy the many sexual and erotic delights her body
  is able to enjoy. She lacks at that age the emotional experience to control
  the strong sex drive she is developing but within a loving , caring environment
  she can find the safety necessary to explore her desires, wants and needs.
  Its a common custom in many Polynesian Islands- and anthropologists have remarked
  on how sexually well adjusted the children grow up. Within this environment
  also she can learn to accept discipline as well as freedom - abstinence as
  well as licentiousness- control and responsibility. The best environment for
  this is within a family as long as its not abuse."  
He stopped and looked at me, slowly sipped his drink &quot; Hey &quot; he
  said I am getting thirsty from all this lecturing Dave - your turn to speak
  I think&quot;  
I nodded mutely his words echoing through my head Much of what he said made
  so much sense. Dealing with a daughter as she reached puberty was a trying
  time for parents as well as children. Rachel was turning slowly into a beautiful
  young woman, I had been aware of that for some time- her increasingly flirtatious
  attitude to me, my awareness of her as a sexual animal which I tried to deny
  or hide. All these things made sense now as I listened to my knowledgeable
  friend.  
&quot;Ok&quot; I said &quot; I do understand, I am not sure about all the
  implications but I feel more comfortable now with the concept&quot;. I smiled
  and raised my glass- &quot;at least I will be able to enjoy the party tonight
  without this bothering me&quot;. I refused to follow his train of argument
  in relation to my Rachel, that was a bit too near the bone, I had enough to
  think about&quot;.  
&quot;Good &quot; Stanley replied &quot; I am glad that's sorted- there is
  lots more I want to discuss with you at some time but for now I think you need
  to say hi to Sara to finally resolve this matter. Just so you can be reassured
  that she is happy and not a victim&quot;  
With that he put down his glass , got up and went to door and called out &quot; Sara
  dear please join us in the lounge&quot;.  
 I protested &quot; There is no need for that Stan, I am sure she is ok and
  I am relaxed about the situation&quot;. I had also meant to ask him why he
  had Sara suck him off in the back of my car but the imminent arrival of Sara
  threw me off balance. He ignored my protestations and went and sat down again.  
The door opened and the blonde angel that was Sara entered, smiling. She
  was fresh faced and glowing- obviously from a recent shower or bath, bare footed
  and wrapped in terry robe. Her hair was still a little damp and tied back in
  a tight pony tail. She looked so fresh and innocent as she padded to where
  her father was sitting. She reached him and to my astonishment dropped to her
  knees at his feet. &quot;Hi Daddy &quot; she whispered. &quot;Hi angel &quot; he
  replied , his hand dropping to rest lightly on her blonde head. &quot; Angel &quot; he
  murmured to her &quot; Uncle Dave is worried about you, he saw you sucking
  me off in his car and was concerned about you, please tell him you are ok&quot;.
  She turned to face me, her blue eyes glinting mischievously, her pink tongue
  licking her lips. &quot; I am fine Uncle Dave &quot; she whispered &quot; I
  adore sucking my Daddy's cock and drinking his cum.&quot; She giggled, showing
  the traces of the child she had been till recently &quot;  
Those words, so lasciviously spoken from such a fresh innocent face made
  me groan and my cock stiffened till it hurt as it pushed against the crotch
  of my jeans. I stammered something unintelligible and looked up from her face
  as I heard Stan laugh.  
 &quot; Hey Dave &quot; he said&quot; don't go all coy on us, Sara loves
  cocks and I am sure she would adore to suck yours here and now before you have
  to leave&quot;.  
At this Sara rose and slipped off her robe. She was naked underneath. Her
  slender body still a little pink from her shower. I gasped, my hungry eyes
  raked over her as she padded towards me. Her innocent looking face smiling.
  Her small, pink nippled breasts firm, her belly slightly curved down to the
  wispy fuzz of golden hair at her pubis. Her hips and thighs were still girlishly
  slim, but showing the promise of the later development that would fill her
  out to a beautiful mature woman. I groaned softly as she approached, my cock
  was rock hard now, blood filled and I thought I would explode. Words of protest
  died unspoken on my dry lips. I shuddered as I heard Stanley speak.  
&quot;Dave &quot; he said &quot; just two things, first please don't touch
  Sara, let her do what she has been trained to do and secondly please undo your
  fly and offer her your prick- she is not allowed to make the first approach
  she has to be invited or ordered&quot;  
I nodded mutely unable to speak as my eyes devoured the sweet vision in front
  of me. My throat was tight and my heart pumping furiously. Sara stopped just
  in front of me, her face smiling, she licked her lips and then stared at the
  huge bulge in my jeans. I reached down; fingers trembling undid my zip, pushed
  my hips forward and released my throbbing pole from the constricting clasp
  of my underpants. The thick long shaft sprung out and up and I laid back. I
  tilted my head forward a little so I could keep her in view. I saw my enormous
  staff in the foreground and behind, her naked slender golden figure.  
&quot;Uncle David&quot; she asked in a soft melodious voice &quot; may I
  suck you off please ?&quot; At this my shaft quivered and I fought not to come
  there and then in my underpants.  
I swallowed, hardly able to speak or breathe &quot; Sure Sara, please suck
  me off darling&quot;.  
 At this she stepped closer and reaching out gently cupped my heavy balls
  in her small hands. She squeezed gently as if measuring and approving of their
  weight and size, her blue eyes darker now with what I presumed was her own
  excitement. She parted her soft lips, bending her golden head and brought her
  sweet innocent mouth to just kiss the angry almost purple head of my prick.
  One slim hand moved to base of my shaft while the other gently massaged my
  balls. My cock trembled ready to explode. She sensed this and squeezed the
  base of my cock hard. This made me groan but had the desired effect of stopping
  my premature ejaculation. She waited a few moments; the air seemed heavy and
  redolent of illicit sex. Her breath on my distended head made me groan in anticipation.
  Her tongue snaked out and she proceeds to lick the head with long slow lascivious
  strokes of her wet tongue. The sensations were exquisite, the physical feelings
  intensified by the knowledge that a beautiful 13 year old girl was causing
  them. Her hand at the base of my shaft started to slowly move up and down the
  thickly veined column of my penis. Her saliva oozed down covering it, oiling
  the surface that her now circled fingers were massaging. Her tongue found the
  opening of my urethra and she pushed at it trying to open it with the tip of
  her tongue.  
I slumped back against the back of the chair giving myself over to the wonderful
  sensations, no longer watching her, just concentrating on enjoying the touch
  of her hands and mouth, her eager lips and tongue. I fought to do as Stan had
  requested, not to touch her but it was hard not to reach out and grasp her
  golden head and force my enormous cock deep into her mouth and down her throat.
  I clenched my hands, nails digging into my palms. Her small mouth was having
  trouble fitting round my cock I knew. I was very well endowed - 8 &quot; long
  and thick with it- a source of some concern at times to one or two of my sexual
  partners. I heard her gagging slightly as she forced me further inside her
  open mouth taking my cock deeper. Her lips tight around my shaft, I winced
  a little as her teeth lightly scraped the distended head. She suckled my cock
  deeper and deeper. Her mouth and her hand moved quicker and harder as they
  worked in unison on my straining prick.  
Each time I was on point of coming, exploding my semen down her sweet young
  throat, she grasped the base of my cock and squeezed, pausing in her actions
  till the crisis passed. My shaft and thighs were wet with her saliva, slurping
  wet sounds filled the room and I lifted my hips a little as I tried to drive
  my cock into her wetness, gasping and squirming. My groans reverberated round
  the room mixed with her panting and the unmistakable soft wet sounds of a prick
  being well and truly sucked.  
I had forgotten all about Stanley- forgotten he was sitting there watching
  his 13 year old naked daughter sucking his best friend. Suddenly I heard him
  speak softly.  
 &quot; Good girl Sara - don't forget not to spill any of Uncle's cum , swallow
  it all darling like the good little cum slut you are&quot;.  
I almost came then as I heard him, he continued, his voice low and husky &quot; Just
  imagine if the roles were reversed Dave- you were sitting here and watching
  your lovely little Rachel naked sucking me&quot;  
The mental image that his words conjured up was so strong, combining with
  the excruciatingly exciting feelings of Sara's wet open mouth devouring my
  prick. I reared up and gasped coming in the most explosive orgasm of my life.
  I shuddered and shook, my semen spurting in an unending torrent, filling the
  open wet vessel that was Sara's mouth. She sucked and swallowed greedily, her
  head bobbing frantically as her tiny hand squeezed and stroked my engorged
  cock , milking it. I shuddered as the last of my cum spurted into her eager
  hungry mouth and I finally flopped back exhausted and spent gasping for breath.
  I felt her carefully licking my cock head. Her tongue twisting and curling
  as it scooped my semen into her wet mouth. Her fingers tightened round my shaft
  as she drew her hand up milking the last few drops, coaxing them from my tight
  aching balls that she still gently cupped in her other hand. I gasped hardly
  able to bear any more of the exquisite sensations.  
She stood up straight, her mouth a wet gash in her flushed face. her eyes
  were hooded and dark. She looked at me and opened her mouth wide. Glistening
  whitely on her extended tongue and coating the insides of her cheeks I saw
  the remnants of my semen. Slowly she pulled her tongue back into her mouth
  and swallowed. Her eyes fixed on me. She licked her smeared lips and smiled,
  turned and padded back and knelt by her father. He let his hand rest lightly
  on her blonde head. looked at me as I slowly pulled my jeans back over my hips
  and fastened them.  
&quot;So Dave &quot; he chortled &quot;How was that ?&quot; I looked at him
  lost for words. Sara leaned closer to him whispering. He smiled and patted
  her head approvingly then addressed me &quot; Sara says your cum tastes divine
  David but she apologises she was unable to deep throat you properly as you
  are so huge. Perhaps next time she will be able to&quot;  
I grunted as I heard him. still trying to regain some control of my senses
  The phrase next time rang in my ears &quot; next time I thought ?- what does
  that entail&quot; - the thought of a repeat performance made my limp prick
  twitch.  
At last able to speak I asked &quot; Stan for gods sake how did Sara learn
  that so well- it was one of the best bj's i have had- and also I meant to ask
  what about your wife- does she share your views on underage incestuous sex&quot;  
 I looked across at him. He laughed &quot; who do you think trained Sara &quot;.  
 I looked stunned for a moment. He smiled and got to his feet- &quot; Sara
  off you go dear and wash and brush your teeth and don't forget to thank Uncle
  David&quot;.  
At that Sara sprang up and I groaned under my breath as she bent over to
  pick up her robe. The perfect split peach of her young cunt was revealed tantalisingly
  briefly - but not brief enough to deny me the sight of her slightly puffy dew
  coated pink labial lips. Her arse was a symphony to symmetry, cleft in two
  , so beautifully pert and firm. My prick twitched and I stirred on the large
  armchair. Too quickly she straightened and covered that glorious naked slender
  figure.  
She turned to me and smiled wickedly &quot; thank You for letting me suck
  your cock uncle&quot; she said &quot; I have wanted to do that for some time
  and you do taste nice&quot;. With that she skipped from the room.  
I got to my feet a little unsteadily, checked the time. I saw that 30 minutes
  had passed, though to me with the revelations Stan had revealed and the subsequent
  cock sucking, it seemed like an eternity. I had much to think about and try
  and rationalise but not now - time to get home and prepare for the party here
  later and get the girls settled. I resolutely put aside all the wild erotic
  thoughts that were jumbled in my mind and took a deep breath.  
Stanley stood there still in his bathrobe. " Dave I need to just explain
  something" he said quietly " Sara is my underage daughter- she only indulges
  in sexual activities under my direction or with my permission. I know you will
  see her frequently as Rachel's friend as our families are close. You must never
  speak of what we have discussed and done with anyone- Sara won't - this is
  a separate part of her life and one she leaves to me to control. You should
  also know that there are a number of others in what I call our &quot;Orion
  Group&quot; - people of like mind in relationship to incest with their daughters
  and mature, if still underage girls. Membership of the group is selective and
  exclusive. Normal society would take a dim view of our behaviour so we have
  to protect ourselves&quot;.  
I nodded silently as I listened, &quot; Furthermore &quot; Stanley continued &quot; we
  are members of other discreet groups - involving &quot;Swinging&quot; and various &quot;BDSM&quot; practices,
  Fetishes. and some other specialised perversions - I only tell you this so
  you know what Martha and I are involved in. Tonight is the first of our 'Theme
  Parties' that you have been invited to. Some of our friends are members of
  'Orion' as well as fetish and BDSM groups so don't be too surprised if things
  get a bit 'wild' - everything is consensual. The extent to which you would
  like to get further involved is up to you- most of the groups are intertwined.
  Martha really controls our schools/groups etc. and if you want to know more
  I suggest you talk to her with Jessica".  
With that he showed me to the door and I left and drove home slowly, my mind
  in a daze, my balls aching and my cock limp but with a desperate and overriding
  longing to learn and experience more...  
Chapter 2 The next step - not quite on the slippery slope!  
I arrived home to find Jessica having yet another row with the twins who
  had just got back from their party. I sighed and went to the study and poured
  myself a stiff drink. They were becoming more and more impossible. I remembered
  how obedient and docile Sara had been with her father. I sat down sipping the
  single malt, the events of earlier and the long conversation with Stanley still
  making my head spin. I groaned and dropped my head in my hands. My balls still
  felt tight . I knew Sara would arrive in about 2 hours with her elder sister.
  I felt a moments anxiety as to how she would be, bearing in mind she had so
  recently sucked my cock and swallowed my cum. The mental image of her sweet
  13 year old naked, not quite fully formed, golden body etched on my retina.
  Stanley had been so relaxed about it -I was still amazed and stunned. The door
  opened and Jessica peeked in dressed in a robe.  
"You ok darling "she enquired. Not waiting for a reply she continued " the
  twins are in the bath at last, Rachel is listening to music in her room so
  its peace and quiet for a little while".  
"Sure " I replied and looking up I smiled at her " So how was your day. how
  was the shopping and the incredible Martha?" I grinned at her as she sat on
  a chair.  
She giggled quite girlishly and I looked at her in surprise. She had seemed
  in a skittish mood since she had returned from her lunch. I was pleased , of
  course to see her in such a happy and relaxed frame of mind. Glad that she
  and Martha had become so close.  
"Well " she replied - "Martha was fine but our lunch went on and on so in
  the end I just had time to pick up our costumes for tonight . We gave the shopping
  a miss. We had a long, long chat , mostly about the girls. She is taking Sara
  to a summer camp for 4 weeks soon and she suggested it might be good for me
  and Rachel and the twins to join them".  
I grinned at her " Well I am not sure about you and Rachel but I sure would
  pay someone to take the terrible two away- preferably till they are 16". I
  sighed and winked at her. She laughed.  
"Seriously though" she said " we should discuss it. You are so busy at work
  and I could do with a break away from here for a while. The camp is more like
  a school with proper supervision. Lots of Martha and Stan's friends kids will
  be there- it will be chance for the twins and Rachel to make new friends as
  well. Its a mixture of learning and fun apparently." She stopped there for
  a moment. I made no comment.  
"Anyway" she hurried on " we can think about it at least. How was your afternoon
  with Stan and the girls?  
I nodded and sipped the last of my whiskey. It was fine " I grumbled " though
  I missed my golf" - I chuckled wryly " So " I said what about tonight, what
  costume did you get me".  
She giggled again , " You will see, its all laid out for you on the bed and
  by the way, about tonight " her voice seemed suddenly a bit strained as she
  continued "You know that its likely to get a bit wild"? Her voice trembled
  a little on the word 'wild' and she looked at me her eyebrows raised. "Martha
  warned me that some of her friends are a bit 'extreme', I think she said, I
  guessed she meant that its one of their 'very friendly' parties". She paused
  and waited for me to comment.  
I nodded again " Yes I know, Stan warned me as well, said as its our first
  that we shouldn't be too shocked" I grinned " If it gets too 'way out ' for
  your puritanical streak we can always cut and run".  
She smiled and her eyes danced " I may surprise you buster" she chortled.
  I am going as a Sinner so I will have that to live up to". She rose and I swatted
  her bottom as she turned to leave, she giggled and mock jumped. " I am going
  to shower, please check that the twins haven't flooded the bath room and make
  sure they are ready for when Philippa and Sara get here. See you later". With
  that she left.  
I sat for a while still deep in thought. I felt a bit swamped by all that
  was happening, by the pace of events. My whole world seemed a little out of
  kilter after the events of earlier. I had this strange feeling that nothing
  was ever going to be the same again. Even Jessica seemed different lately,
  more relaxed and happy. I sat dozing for a while then sighing I got and left
  to check on the girls.  
Knocking at the family bathroom door I entered and was greeted by a mist
  of warm vapour and girlish giggles. " Just me " I called  
 " Dad " a mock protesting voice rung out , that was Georgina the more boisterous
  of the twins " do you mind, we are in the bath" I grinned "Ok miss precocious" I
  replied "I have my eyes shut , I just wanted to check you haven't drowned or
  flooded the place".  
Despite my assurances I couldn't resist peeking. The twins were pink fleshed,
  limbs sleek, dark gleaming hair plastered to their scalps. I felt my heart
  lurch as always at the sight of their naked nubile bodies. Budding pink tipped
  breasts, the sweet girlish curves. Annabelle shrieked as Georgina splashed
  her vigorously. It seemed only yesterday that they and I had felt ok about
  my bathing them but their recent sudden development had made them and myself
  a little self conscious. With a mock stern admonishment for them to finish
  off and get dried and dressed before Philippa arrived I closed the door firmly
  and proceeded down hall to our bedroom.  
Jessica was drying her hair in front of the mirror. She was naked and the
  odour of her Clarin's moisturiser filled the air. " The bathroom is all yours " she
  said over the noise of the dryer "I hope there will be enough hot water for
  you to shower and shave" I grunted in reply. Sharing a house with four females
  meant that my ration of hot water was always marginal despite the extra large
  tank we had recently installed in the loft to service both bathrooms. I showered
  and shaved quickly, checking my watch. I stepped through door into the bedroom
  and stopped in surprise, still rubbing my hair dry with a towel. Jessica was
  standing with her back to me. She had one slender leg propped on chair in front
  of her adjusting the strap of a high heeled jewelled sandal. The long sweep
  of her arched thigh made my prick twitch. She finished and turned, saw me and
  smiled. She did a little twirl, posed facing me one hand propped on her hip
  provocatively and asked archly " Well will I do ?"  
I caught my breath. She was wearing the flimsiest of halter tops. Red silk
  that was transparent enough to show off her full unsupported breasts. They
  were I knew 36 c (from a recent surreptitious check in her underwear drawer
  when trawling for inspiration for a Xmas present). They were still reasonably
  firm. The dark aureole of each nipple was clearly visible. My eyes travelled
  down over the slight swell of her bare tummy. I stopped there as I saw something
  glinting. I tried not to register my surprise at the jewelled ring that was
  attached to her navel. I worked my brain feverishly " had she told me she was
  getting her belly button pierced and I had forgotten?" I decided not to ask.
  My eyes travelled down further to see her 'almost' wearing the shortest of
  black ra-ra skirts. It could not have been more than 14 inches long and showed
  the length of her bare legs as far as her upper thighs. She was 5 foot 5 or
  so but with the heels was almost at eye level with me.  
 "Jeeze " I exclaimed " I guess you really are going as a sinner. Are you
  wearing panties under that excuse for a skirt?"  
I looked at her closely, probably the first time in a long time. I guess
  we had got used to each other and I certainly hadn't really paid too close
  attention to how she looked for some time. I was stunned. Her dark brown eyes
  were highlighted by bronze shadow fading into purple making them look enormous.
  Her cheeks were flushed, whether from blusher or excitement I knew not. Her
  full lips glowed soft and red. I knew the soft bedroom lights were flattering
  but she looked amazing.  
She grinned at me and twirled again more vigorously. The pleated skirt flared
  up. She appeared to be naked under it. As she saw my shocked expression she
  giggled and raised the skirt to her waist. Her pussy was barely covered by
  a heart shaped tiny piece of black lace. There was no trace of pubic hair so
  I guessed she must have shaved. The thin strap disappeared under her. She turned
  showing the rest of the black thong's narrow strap that nestled between the
  two moons of her shapely buttocks. My cock hardened more and I sucked in a
  deep breath. Jessica had never dressed and acted this way before. She wasn't
  a prude but she always dressed reasonably modestly. After the birth of the
  twins she had worked hard to get her figure back and she worked out twice a
  week still. I looked back to her face, it was flushed and smiling, red lips
  softly parted. Her brown eyes dancing, reflecting the lights from the room.
  Her chestnut brown hair was tied back tightly and fastened by a silver clasp
  in a loose ponytail. She wore no other jewellery apart from a black velvet
  choker at her throat. I looked at her and then down at the bulge in the towel
  that hugged my hips. She giggled and shook her head.  
"We really don't have time Hun" she said " but I appreciate the compliment".
  Ruefully I smiled and dropping the towel just to show her what effect she had
  on me and turned to the bed. She had chosen a Priest's costume for me. I grinned
  remembering my earlier comment to Stanley. " Seems I got it wrong" I told myself " Jessica
  is the sinner and I am the saint, for a change".  
I quickly dressed. White vest and loose boxer shorts under the long black
  cassock. She had got me the proper white reverse collar, even gaiters and black
  silk socks as well. Dressed, I looked at myself in the cheval mirror. I looked
  quite the priest I thought. I gazed at myself critically. My thick black hair,
  cut short as the latest fashion, was showing traces of grey at the sides but
  all in all I was not displeased with my appearance. I was still 12 stone and
  for my height of 5ft 11 apparently not overweight. I peered closer, my dark
  grey eyes inspecting my face wondering if the changes I was experiencing were
  discernable. I smiled back through the mirror at Jessica as she watched me.
  She smiled approvingly. " You look good Hun " her eyes were bright and her
  whole demeanour flirtish.  
 "Would you like me to hear your confession" I enquired grinning at her.
  She dropped to her knees in front of me giggling like a schoolgirl. "Not right
  now Father" she whispered her voice dancing with amusement.  
" And I don't even have time to kiss your ring". She added as she leaned
  forward and pressed her red mouth over the bulge in my cassock Her breath warming
  my tumescent prick that was still making its presence felt poking against the
  folds of the cassock through my shorts.. She giggled again, got to her feet
  and dashed from room ra-ra skirt swirling round her thighs.  
As I finished dressing I was still in a bit of a daze. Jessica's behaviour,
  whilst stimulating and entertaining was so out of character. Well at least
  for the last 10 years or so. Though I recalled how much fun we shared when
  we were first together. This whole day had been so strange I mused.  
 I heard the sounds of a car in the drive and looked down from the window.
  From a taxi the golden haired angel sara jumped out accompanied by an older
  girl with darker blonde hair. I could only see top of her head but I guessed
  it was her big sister Philippa who I was anxious to meet. I hurried from the
  bedroom, knocking on Rachel's door as I passed " Your friend and sitter are
  here sweetie" I called.  
Trying not to trip over the hem of the cassock that covered me from neck
  to feet I went to front door to welcome them. I was nervous, the memory of
  a naked Sara crouched over my cock sucking me off still had power to make my
  legs tremble. I took a deep breath, fixed a smile a welcoming my face.  
Sara grinned as I opened the door " Hey " she said " its a priest come to
  save souls" She dissolved in giggles and dashed through open door to find her
  soul mate Rachel.  
The older girl was almost my height and she smiled at me and said in a soft
  voice  
 " Hello I am Philippa, unfortunately related to the imp that just whizzed
  past you". She offered her hand which I shook feeling rather awkward. She had
  a very direct gaze from dark blue intelligent eyes. Not exactly pretty but
  with an attractive and 'interesting face'. She had a sprinkling of slight freckles
  across her nose and cheeks. Her face was devoid of makeup apart from dark red
  lipstick. I smiled as I held her hand.  
" Its nice to meet you Philippa at last " I said " I have heard lots about
  you from your proud parents and by the way please call me Dave- and not Uncle
  or God forbid 'Father' Dave". The last remark I accompanied with what I hoped
  was a winning grin.  
 She smiled at that and pressed my hand before releasing it. "I feel I already
  know you she said." She had a very composed manner and moved gracefully as
  I welcomed her to my home. She was, I knew remarkably bright with a string
  of A levels and had had no problem getting a place at Cambridge. She wore a
  long ethnic skirt that reached almost to her ankles. Her dark blonde hair was
  loose and just brushed the top of her shoulders. A white buttoned blouse completed
  the picture of quiet elegance. I showed her through to lounge admiring the
  graceful sway of her hips as she walked on kitten heeled mules in front of
  me clutching an overnight bag. Jessica took over and greeted her warmly and
  introduced her to the twins. Georgina and Annabelle stood holding hands dressed
  in their pyjamas inspecting the new arrival carefully. I grimaced wondering
  how they were going to get on with Philippa. The seemed ok though and smiled
  and said hi quite politely.  
The next 30 mins were a flurry of Philippa getting to know the twins and
  Rachel and being shown where everything was. We had a guest room ready for
  her as she was staying overnight as we had no idea when we would be back. Jessica
  as always fussed and fussed till I could see even Philippa getting a little
  exasperated. Our taxi arrived then, so wrapping the mohair cape I had bought
  for Jessica's recent birthday round her flimsy outfit we essayed forth into
  the night to the 'special party'........  
Chapter 3 :The Party  
The large house was ablaze with lights as we drove up. I paid off the taxi
  and knocked loudly on the large oak door. I felt silly in my long black cassock
  wondering how many others were similarly attired. Jessica looked at me and
  winked and I tried not to laugh. The door was opened by a female, it was hard
  to recognise who as the light spilling out from the hall put her in silhouette.
  We stepped over the threshold . I whistled in astonishment.  
It was Martha and she looked so different. She wore a tight leather bustiere
  that did wonders for her normally small cleavage and a pair of skin tight black
  leather pants, her waist encircled by a heavy metal chain belt. Stretching
  from her feet to mid thigh she wore a pair of heeled black leather boots laced
  up at the front. The heels added enough inches to bring her eye level with
  me. She greeted us effusively, took Jess's wrap. She dropped it on the hall
  chair and wrapped her arms round Jessica after first inspecting her skimpy
  outfit with nods of approval. Much to my surprise, instead of the normal two
  cheek air kiss that passes for a greeting between women she held Jessica close
  and kissed her full on the lips. I grinned and muttered lightly &quot; Anymore
  of those going Martha&quot;. She broke the kiss, stepped back and looked at
  me. A wicked smile flickered round her rather thin carmine red lips.  
&quot;You are the 7th priest or vicar here tonight Dave, plus we have 4 nuns
  and some, what I think are 'vestal virgins' so I guess I had better behave
  myself&quot;. With that she smiled more affectionately at me and lightly brushed
  my cheek with her lips. She took our hands and led us through to the lounge.  
I was always a little wary of Martha. She was a clinical psychologist with
  more letters after her name than you would find in a tin of Heinz's alphabet
  soup. She had piercing cobalt blue eyes and close cropped auburn hair. She
  was a little taller than Jess and was what I always thought of as 'aggressively'
  slim. Jessica hung on her every word. She was always pleasant enough to me
  but there was something about her that made the hairs on the back of my neck
  prickle. Rachel and the twins also had virtually 'adopted' her as an aunt.
  Both Jessica and I were only children so we had no close family relatives.  
 I looked round and saw the armchair that I had occupied just a few hours
  earlier, I felt a slight twinge down below as I had a flashback of a golden
  head bent over my stiff prick. Martha gave me a strange look and then smiled. &quot; Ok,
  as this is your first time at one of our famous, or should I say infamous parties &quot;.
  Her voice dropped in pitch and volume as she added the alternative description
  and continued..  
 &quot; Let me outline the normal procedure here. This is as you can see
  the lounge- no music here - its the place for drinking and chatting - getting
  to know people. Through here&quot; she said leading us past the kitchen into
  the dining room which was set out with buffet tables &quot; is where the food
  and drinks are&quot;. We went through French windows, open to the warm summer
  night air, to the huge conservatory at the back which abutted the flood lit
  pool. &quot;This is for serious mixing and dancing&quot;. Low music played
  gently in background. She smiled . &quot;The only places &quot;off limits&quot; are
  the Master bedroom, the study and the basement, these are locked.&quot;  
 She looked at Jessica and smiled softly &quot;As you are the newbies here
  I think the best thing is to introduce you all round- you won't remember most
  of the names but our friend will know yours so just relax and enjoy. Oh &quot; she
  added &quot; just one rule , after I take you round once together to be introduced
  then if you guys are seen together at any time for the rest of night you will
  get thrown in the pool- fully dressed and&quot; here she paused and smiled
  wickedly &quot; if , heaven forbid, you are seen making out or even dancing
  together you still end up in the pool but stark naked and fair game for anyone.&quot;.  
Jessica giggled at that and looked slyly at me. We had our own private rules
  for 'parties' which we had arrived at after previous jealous, mostly on her
  part, rows. We would go our own way, we agreed, no jealousies and no recriminations
  after. The only 'no-no' was unprotected fucking. Other than that we agreed
  we were free to do what we wanted. My sex drive had always been stronger than
  Jessica's. She wasn't frigid by any means but I guess with pressures of being
  a mum and looking after our growing family that part of her life took second
  place. I on the other hand had a strong libido and was always randy.  
Stan came over then and said hi, his eyes grow wide as he took in Jessica's
  semi nude body. He hugged her, lightly kissing her cheek, whispering something
  in her ear that caused her to blush. They accompanied us as we were introduced
  all round. There were, I guessed about 40 people in the various rooms. Everyone
  had 'dressed' (or virtually undressed as it were) for the occasion. I noticed
  that Jessica drew lots of admiring glances from most of the guys as well as
  some of the women. I was pleased for her and not a little proud. The faces
  and names rather blurred and I gave up trying to put names to faces.  
The age range was quite wide. There were a few younger people, a large number
  of middle aged and a surprising number of considerably older guests. As we
  went round saying hi to devils, priests, nuns, sluts, at least one Joan of
  Arc and a myriad of indeterminate sinners and saints I mentally tried to place
  which might be members of the various &quot;groups&quot; Stan had mentioned
  earlier. I gave up after a while. I noticed a change in Jessica's manner when
  she greeted some guests. She dropped her gaze and flushed.  
We grabbed a drink. Martha seemed very proprietorial. She held Jess's hand
  or arm as she took her away from my side to meet some more arrivals. Stan and
  I chatted aimlessly for a while then he wandered off as a particularly high
  breasted vestal virgin, showing an inordinate amount of thigh took his eye.  
The next two hours or so passed slowly for me. The general buzz of conversation,
  the music from the conservatory, the clinking of glasses and soft giggling
  and peals of surprised laughter so familiar from previous parties. I chatted
  and flirted a little. Had the occasional dance, well dance as in , rubbing
  barely covered bellies exploringly against another, feet shuffling unconvincingly
  to whatever rythm was playing. There was much mutul groping, soft squealing
  and grunts.A few woman were dancing together I noted, &quot; Guess its an equal
  opportunity party &quot; I grinned to myself.  
 I spied Jess once on the floor, clutched in the arms of a tall thin &quot;devil&quot;,
  complete with semi mask and horns. I had met him earlier and remembered him
  vaquely from his goatee beard and grey eyes behind rimless glasses.. He was
  in his late 50's I guessed and apparently a colleague of Martha's. Jess was
  glued to his skintight leatherclad body, arms draped round his shoulders as
  his hands moulded her arse under her excuse for a skirt. She must have sensed
  my gaze and looked at me. Her eyes were semi glazed and dark. She smiled and
  mouthed &quot;love you&quot; at me and then closed them again as he pressed
  her tighter against him from shoulders to thighs, one leg thrust hard between
  hers, grinding against her barely covered mound. I saw her wince a little as
  he presumably squeezed her arse harder.  
I felt strangely discontented. Normally I am in my element at parties. I
  loved the excitement of flirting, the breathless exploration of an unfamiliar
  female body, the deliciously slow build up of exciting possibilities. I had
  a semi erection under the long black folds of the cassock but after the events
  of earlier at this house I felt no real compulsion to &quot;connect&quot; with
  anyone, though much was on offer as was blatantly made clear to me.  
Suddenly Stan clapped his hands to get attention. The music stopped and he
  announced.  
&quot;Ok folks party games are starting in the lounge for any that are interested.
  The catering help has departed so its fun time. Usual rules - Only one partner
  can participate so decide who is going to &quot;play &quot; and come through&quot;.  
I smiled pleasantly at the nun I had been fondling on the dance floor. She
  was naked under her habit, plump but cute with a firm body despite being at
  least 45 I guessed. She grabbed my hand, which was a little damp from the recent
  close proximity to her vulva and we walked into the lounge.  
They were drawing lots for the game. Only 6 women and 6 men were to participate.
  The rest were to watch and encourage. Most of these games were similar involving
  some sort of sexual activity. My &quot;nun&quot; asked me if I was going to
  enter. I looked round for Jessica but she was nowhere to be seen. She was always
  too reserved to enter these games but I always gave her the opportunity knowing
  she would demur leaving me free to enter. I had never been shy of displaying
  my substantial endowment.  
With some surprise I heard myself making an excuse to the nun  
 &quot; Not at the moment&quot; I replied &quot; I think I will just watch&quot;  
She squeezed my hand and stepped over to Stan and drew a number. I watched
  for a while. The game was one I had seen and indulged in before. The 6 women
  selected from the apparently random draw were blindfolded and knelt in the
  centre of the lounge. In turn each of the 6 guys whose number had been drawn
  at random also was fellated by the kneeling women. They were allowed 3 minutes
  each before passing to next woman till all had had their pricks sucked. They
  were not allowed to come. The guys gave each woman a score out of 10 for their
  mouth work. Stan kept the scores for each woman. Then the guys were blindfolded,
  the women were turned, heads resting on carpet, arses in the air. They had
  clothes lifted and panties removed if that was necessary so as to expose their
  vulvas. The guys were led in random turn to each raised female backside and
  they proceeded, after much blind groping to perform cunnilingus. Again there
  was a time limit of 3 mins. The women then scored the guys.  
The finish of the game was a public 69 sucking to climax by the highest scoring
  couple. It was a great way to get to know people and established the &quot; no
  holds barred&quot; invitation to as much public and indiscriminate sexual activity
  as was your wish. Much of the enjoyment of this particular game was the eager
  and vociferous vocal encouragement of the watchers. It always surprised me
  how the women were not slow to provide raucous and downright dirty advice and
  comments, especially to and about their partner's performance, or lack of!  
 I watched for a while and then went to get a drink. I still could see no
  sign of Jess. Martha suddenly appeared at my side.  
&quot;You bored David &quot; she enquired her eyes bright and amused .  
&quot;No&quot; - I grinned at her- &quot; I didn't enter as you weren't on
  offer&quot; -I offered that comment out of politeness really though she was
  not unattractive I was wary of her.  
&quot;Oh &quot; she looked at me &quot; Stan and I dont indulge in these
  game we have our own particular areas of interest&quot; She gazed at me as
  if weighing me up &quot; Why dont you come to the study, I think we should
  have a chat&quot;  
I clutched my drink and followed her, admiring the sway of her hips, the
  tight leather pants erotically outlining the globes of her bottom as they alternatively
  tightened and relaxed. She unlocked the study door and motioned me in. I plonked
  myself down in a large club chair. The cassock folding neatly between my legs.
  I had got used to it now and was surprised how much I enjoyed the &quot;freedom&quot; from
  tighter fitting pants or trousers. Martha perched next to me on arm of the
  chair close to her desk on which sat a large computer monitor. To the side
  of the desk was an even larger free standing TV. The desk top also held a number
  of controls, smaller monitors and various pieces of electrical equipment.  
She leaned closer to me. Her heavy musky scent teasing my nostrils, her warm
  bare arm touching my cassock clad shoulder. I looked at her, eye brows raised.  
&quot;So David &quot; she whispered huskily, her warm breath tickling my
  ear. &quot; How was your afternoon with Stan and Sara?  
I looked at her, not quite sure what was happening here.  
&quot;It was OK &quot; I stammered almost choking on my drink as I remembered.  
&quot;Mmmmm &quot; she purred softly &quot; Only OK?&quot; - She paused for
  a moment and, eyes glittering wickedly continued &quot; Sitting in my lounge
  while my beautiful naked 13 year old step daughter sucked you off while her
  father watched was only OK ?  
I gulped the last of my drink. I semi- turned to look at her, my cock now
  fully at attention poking through the slit in my loose boxers, bulging against
  the front of my cassock.  
&quot;You were watching &quot; I asked &quot; I thought you were picking
  up Philippa?  
She made no reply but leaned forward and pressed a remote control on the
  desk in front of her. The TV flicked on and a picture appeared on the screen.
  The picture was obviously from a video or DVD. It was a still shot. The angle
  of the camera was almost at ground level. In the foreground in astonishing
  detail was the naked back of an obviously young girl. Her thighs were still
  slender, with the coltish grace of a young teen. Her legs were spread as she
  kneeled forward ber back bent a little. Her long blonde hair caressed her naked
  shoulders. The erotic sweep of her young firm buttocks was breathtaking. The
  cleft was pronounced and below one could discern gently pouting pink firm labia
  lips. These were framed by golden wisps of pubic hair. Martha pressed the control
  again and the picture moved forward. The camera swept up at an angle showing
  a young girl's face, cheeks bulging as her mouth struggled to encompass the
  glistening red head of a very large prick. The mouth moved up and down as her
  slim hands milked the thick veined stem. I gasped as I realised it was a recording
  of Sara sucking me in the lounge that afternoon.  
&quot;What the hell &quot; I exploded , not able to tear my eyes away from
  the TV. My cock was achingly hard. Martha stopped the playback.  
I swallowed and looked at her &quot; What's all this&quot; I asked &quot; blackmail?  
She laughed &quot; Do you really think I am that crass David &quot; She dropped
  a hand to my lap and squeezed my rigid cock hard making me wince. &quot;Not
  at all- you have nothing I want, certainly nothing I can't have anyway &quot; she
  amended and then smiling whispered..  
&quot; Its Insurance, all the rooms in the house, bar two, are fitted with
  the latest video surveillance. The cameras giving me capability of filming
  all the action from a variety of angles. I have become quite the experienced
  director&quot;.  
She rose and pulled open a wall cupboard that had racks and racks of video
  cassettes. &quot;In here&quot; she indicated the files of cassettes &quot;Are
  my records of the filming of a wide variety of sexual and perverse practices
  that I have accumulated over the years. Partly for my own pleasure as well
  as my professional research. The video of you and Sara is yours if you wish.
  It may excite you to watch it whilst fucking Jessica one night. Or &quot; She
  added &quot; fucking your little Rachel in the not too distant future&quot;  
I groaned as I listened to her. My heart was racing, my head spinning denied
  the full measure of blood that was engorging my straining cock.  
&quot;You heard my conversation with Stan then&quot; I gasped, then the realisation
  hit me ..  
&quot;Fuck!!!! you bloody instigated or programmed it ?&quot;  
She nodded and smiled and checked her watch.  
&quot;We have only a few minutes till show time Dave so listen without interupting
  OK ?&quot; I nodded weakly completely shaken by the cool matter of factness
  in her voice and her controlling demeanour.  
&quot;We can all have what we want&quot; she spoke softly looking in my eyes.. &quot; You
  get to fuck and play with young girls, including your Rachel. Stan gets the
  same, as he has been doing for some time with Philippa and others. Jessica
  gets what she wants, which you will know soon. As for me - well &quot; she
  stared at me her eyes wide and wild...  
&quot; I get to control - to enjoy the ultimate buzz of mind exploration
  and control. To manipulate and encourage. To make people accept and then enjoy
  the foulest perversions they are capable of&quot;. She shivered, her hand still
  squeezing my rigid prick &quot;You have no idea how satisfying it is to guide
  and educate&quot;.Though there is something that I will have you give me -
  but that's for another time&quot;  
Her lips were wet with saliva and her face flushed as she continued , her
  eyes fanatically wide. &quot; I am talking about more than just incest and
  underage sex David. I am talking about fulfilling fantasies, about going beyond
  what is moral and acceptable, breaking every taboo and all with minimum risk.  
With that she leaned forward again and switched on the large monitor on her
  desk, her hand slipping inside the join in my cassock and lightly touching
  my straining penis. &quot;Watch and learn&quot; she whispered softly in my
  ear &quot;You are just at the beginning of a journey into world of infinite
  pleasure and eroticism. And don't interrupt&quot;.  
I sat there with her hypnotic voice echoing through my brain. The screen
  flickered and came to life. The picture quality was good and the shot was high
  from a wall opposite the door. The wide angle showed it to be a plain room
  with just a bed and a large cupboard. Sarah sat next to me biting her lower
  lip between her sharp white teeth, She seemed a little anxious as if not quite
  sure whether what she had obviously planned was going to occur. The door opened
  at last and a female figure stepped in rather tentatively. It was too distant
  to identify properly. Martha sighed softly and smiled a sibilant &quot;Yesssssssssssssssss&quot; escaped
  her lips.  
She used one hand to control the cameras and the focus. The other was still
  lightly stoking my hard erection. I knew not to move and I watched, holding
  my breath. The camera zoomed in on the figure and I let out a short gasp. I
  wasn't really surprised but I still felt a jolt as I saw Jessica approach the
  bed which was covered in just a sheet a some pillows. I watched transfixed.
  She paused at the foot and looked around. The camera shot grew tighter and
  I saw her flushed face. Her eyes were wide with apprehension and she licked
  her lips nervously. It was very erotic watching my flimsily clothed wife in
  this way. Her dark nipples were obviously hard and clearly etched against the
  thin silk of her halter top.  
I shifted a little on my chair and whispered &quot; Does she know the room
  is being videoed?  
Martha, her lips curved in a triumphal smile nodded &quot; Yes David but
  she thinks its only for my pleasure and viewing. She has no idea anyone else,
  particularly you may be watching- now hush!&quot;  
Jessica slowly raised her hands to the thin strap holding her top and slipped
  it free. Her large breasts swayed slightly at the movement of her arms as they
  were uncovered. I swallowed as I watched. She then slipped off her short skirt
  and reaching to her waist slid off the tiny black lace thong. She folded her
  clothes carefully and placed them by the side of bed and straightened up. She
  was naked standing in just the jewelled heeled sandals I had admired so many
  hours ago in our bedroom. The camera shot was full figured and her nakedness
  filled the screen in front of my eyes. The recently shaving of her vulva emphasised
  her nudity.  
I felt my cock twitch even more as I saw my wife in a way I had never before.
  Martha felt the tremor in my cock and squeezed the base hard. I felt a lick
  of thick hot lust shooting through me. I wanted to dash to where she was and
  fuck her till she screamed. She had never looked so sexy and erotic. My excitement
  was heightened by having Martha's musky scent filling my nostrils, her warm
  body so close to mine, her strong hand caressing my penis, knowing Jessica
  had no idea I was watching.  
Jessica looked behind her at the door, Martha sucked in her breath next to
  me. Then slowly Jessica bent forward from the waist till her elbows and head
  were just resting on the edge of the foot of the bed. She straightened her
  long legs, elongated by the high heels she was wearing. This raised her bottom
  and she posed motionless, her head now resting on her folded arms as she bent
  them at the elbows on the bed. Her back angled up slightly, her legs about
  two foot apart and her shapely arse high. Martha adjusted the controls and
  we got a shot from ground level on a side wall. This showed her body in profile,
  her face hidden by her arms, her hard nippled breasts pendulous as they responded
  to the insidious pull of gravity.  
 Its hard to convey how intensely erotic this scene was for me. There had
  been no sound except the initial clicking of her heels on the polished wooden
  floor as she entered. The soft whisperings of the silks as she removed her
  clothes. Now I could hear her breathing, panting softly. The camera slowly
  panned across this flesh that I knew so intimately but which now seemed foreign
  to me. Martha's hands continued to lightly stroke my cock with one hand as
  the other controlled the cameras. The door behind Jessica opened slowly. Martha
  breathed softly in my ear &quot;Don't forget she is not restrained in any way
  David , she is free to leave whenever she wants&quot;. I nodded, my eyes glued
  to the screen. My throat was too tight to speak.  
A tall figure entered behind her. It was dressed in a Devil's outfit. I recognised
  it immediately. It was the older guy I had seen dancing with her earlier- the
  professor with the goatee beard. He stepped to the cupboard I had noted earlier
  and opened the cabinet. There was no sound now except Jessica's soft breathing
  as she posed bent over naked at the foot of bed, vulnerable and exposed. He
  took from the cupboard a sort of whip. It wasn't too distinct as Martha had
  adjusted the camera shot and we were looking down again the length of the bed
  from the head wall.  
 He stepped closer to Jess and almost lovingly laid the object on her bare
  back. Martha zoomed in the camera for a tighter shot. It was a tawse I thought.
  A thick plaited leather handle with four leather thongs. Each thong was knotted
  at intervals. I didn't really count but I guessed there were four knots on
  each strand. It looked wicked. Jessica shuddered slightly as it touched her
  bare skin. I realised that the guy knew the camera positions in the way he
  laid it out.  
He then moved to her side and said something which the mic's didn't quite
  catch. Jess lifted her head. Her face was deeply flushed. Her hair was loose.
  Her eyes were feverishly bright. He pushed the tawse towards her face. I blinked
  as she softly pressed her full red lips to the leather and kissed the whip
  at the junction of the stands and the handle.. He smiled and she replaced her
  head between her folded arms pressing her face firmly down. He moved to stand
  behind her and slowly opened the flap at the front of his tight leather trousers.
  It was a form of cod piece that covered his genitalia. He freed his prick with
  one hand and slowly stroked his semi limp staff. It was quite long but not
  terribly thick. I felt a small stirring of concern, Jess and I had a no fucking
  agreement. I looked at Martha. Her eyes were fixed on the screen. I swallowed
  and looked back. She flicked some controls and we were now seeing the scene
  from behind the two figures.  
The Devil took position slightly to Jess's side. Her long legs, taut and
  trembling slightly, filled the screen. Her buttocks were clenched. He slowly
  ran one hand over the mounds of her cheeks, stroking and fondling. I heard
  her gasp and she pushed harder back against His hand. He patted each cheek,
  gently at first and then with a quicker harder beat. He slapped her cheeks
  randomly so she could not anticipate the next hard slap. Her breathing quickened
  and she panted softly moaning into her folded arms. Her bottom slowly started
  to turn a rosy pink. I squirmed on the chair, Martha's hand folded in a tight
  fist enclosing my rigid hard cock. The Devil stopped and spat on his hand,
  then lightly massaged his saliva into the pink flesh of her arse cheeks. She
  whimpered softly raising her arse even higher in offering to Him, the long
  muscles of her legs like cords etched starkly under her white skin.  
I saw his prick stiffening slowly. He then stepped a little further away,
  one hand holding the thick plaited handle. the other gently holding the tips
  of the leather strands of the small whip, measuring the distance to her flushed
  sweet arse. His black clad arm rose high, the leather strands swinging wickedly.
  I watched holding my breath with the same intensity that Martha was holding
  my swollen achingly hard prick. He flicked His wrist back, the wicked looking
  strands of leather straightened out, extended to the full. His arm then swung
  down , the leather whiplike tendrils blurred as they hissed through the air
  before lashing across Jess's pink buttock cheeks. The sharp crack of leather
  strips lashing tender bare flesh made me jerk in my chair. Jess's bottom shivered
  and her knees buckled slightly. Four red wheals striped across her raised bottom
  as the blood rushed to the site of the abused skin. Darker red blotches, angry
  and swelling rapidly showed the cruel marks of the knots. I heard a muffled
  shriek. Martha's hand gripped my staff tighter, and I heard her moan softly
  close to my ear.  
The devil stood still behind his obviously willing victim. The strands of
  leather hanging limply pointing to the floor as his arm relaxed. Martha had
  a tight focus on my wife's arse. The stripes of welted flesh ran in an almost
  continuous line across her buttocks interrupted by the deep cleft that separated
  each cheek. The backs of her thighs were quivering as the muscles spasmed.
  The picture we watched was so intensely erotic. I shuddered at how painful
  it must be for her yet apart from the involuntary clenching of her buttocks
  at the moment of impact she stayed bent over. The red blotches from the knots
  staining her skin looked particularly painful.  
He raised his whip hand again. Jess must have heard or sensed the movement.
  The backs of her thighs tightened but she stayed still. He swung the tawse
  again but more lightly. His wrists snapped almost gracefully and the leather
  tails lightly caressed her bruised arse cheeks as if in a kiss. She shuddered
  and I heard her whimpering into her arms. He moved a little further back and
  to the side. His long thin cock now hard. Swaying as he moved. The next blow
  was lower, flicking up slightly to catch the underside of her right buttock.
  He struck the tender flesh with the tips of the leather tails. I was amazed
  at his dexterity.  
I was panting with excitement, watching an obvious whip master play my wife's
  naked arse with the instrument of the whip. The music was her whimpering sobs
  interspersed with the hiss and crack of the whip as he varied the tempo and
  force of each blow. I moved Martha's hand forcibly from my cock. I didn't want
  to come. I wanted to savour this scene whilst my prick was hard, whilst my
  balls were still full, swollen and painful. I sat entranced as He proceeded
  whipping her bum from where the crease of her buttocks met her thighs to the
  top where they curved into her lower waist. Her skin was a mass of angry red
  wheals and stripes. I stopped counting. The tails lashed her buttocks in random
  turn, some soft and caressing some angrily hard. There was no pattern to them
  and no timing. Her buttocks were a mass now of angry red and purple bruises.
  The stripes melted into each other as the lashes rained down, each one picking
  a different target area.  
We could hear the Devil panting now over Jess's muffled screams, sobs and
  yelps. Her legs were strained tight and trembling. His cock was rigidly hard
  and swaying in an obscene grotesque dance to the music he was creating. He
  stopped and the leather handle slipped from his grasp to the floor. He stood
  still, chest heaving. Jess's legs buckled slightly and he reached out one hand
  and pinched the ugly red wheals. She lifted her head and screamed and I almost
  shot out of my chair.  
Martha's expert fingers manipulated the controls and we saw her face in close
  up from the camera at the head of the bed. Her red face was smeared with mascara
  and tears. Her lips were raw from where she had been biting them. Her eyes
  were wild. Saliva dribbled from the corners of her lipstick smeared lips. There
  was a look of ecstasy on her face and she opened her mouth wide and howled.
  I hardly recognised her- she had an almost feral quality as if the savage beating
  had unleashed a wild animal that dwelt within her. I heard Martha's soft now
  husky, voice whispering in my ear  
&quot; She is such a natural David, she is probably experiencing the most
  amazing endorphin rush right now. Gerald is the most accomplished Whipmaster &quot; she
  continued &quot; He is in great demand for exhibitions you should see him wielding
  single tails and cats- simply amazing. Notice he hasn't broken her skin and
  has restricted the whipping to the area's of her bottom that will normally
  be covered by her knickers. Though &quot; she chuckled &quot; they may have
  to be large ones&quot;  
Martha was squirming on the arm of my chair, her tight leather pants squeaking
  against the leather clad arm. My cock was almost numb, distended painfully,
  the reddish purple head poking angrily through the slit. The camera shot zoomed
  back showing the whole scene from the head wall. Martha dropped her hand again
  and squeezed my rigid rod, gasping softly..  
&quot;You may need this for next part David&quot; she whispered and dropped
  a small towel on my lap.  
I wondered what the next part was supposed to be- Jess looked completely
  exhausted as she dropped her head back to the bed her knees buckling to the
  floor in a kneel. I was breathing heavily, my eyes glued to the screen hardly
  able to believe this was my wife submitting to being used so painfully.  
The door opened and the figure of a Nun entered the room from behind Jessica.
  She spoke softly to the devil, who I now knew was called Gerald. Jess knelt
  still apart from occasional shudders that racked her naked body. Her sobs and
  panting were softer now, muffled a little by her arms. Between them, the Devil
  and the Nun eased Jess to her feet. She whimpered as the movement pulled at
  the stretched welted skin of her arse.  
They turned her slowly so her bottom was pressed against the bed edge. Martha
  switched cameras so we were once again looking at the scene up the length of
  the room from the door. Jessica was a pitiful sight. Her face was smeared and
  streaked, her eyes red, mouth smeared. Chestnut coloured hair was lank and
  unkempt. Her heavy beasts swung gently, from the heaving of her chest as she
  panted, hard nipples erect. The camera shot zoomed closer focussing on her
  shaven vulva. The labia lips that I knew so well were puffy and slackly open,
  coated with an oily excretion that also smeared the insides her thighs.  
The Nun, from the side so as not to block the camera shot, stretched one
  hand across her cunt, the index finger and thumb pressed down and then spread
  opening Jess's labia lips wider. Under the lights of the room I saw her juices
  gleaming wetly on the red flesh under her spread outer lips. Her pinkish red
  inner lips glistening also. Just in camera shot at the side I saw the devil's
  still rock hard thin cock swaying. I groaned softly, Jess had obviously orgasmed,
  a thing that rarely happened with me. I strained to catch a glimpse of her
  clit to see if it was erect and swollen but the folds of skin obscured it.
  Martha's voice hissed in my ear..  
&quot;I told you she was a natural David, few women or men for that matter
  reach orgasm from just a whipping&quot;  
I was utterly confused, out of my depth, I couldn't believe I knew my wife
  so little. I slowly stroked my prick as we watched. I had no idea what was
  going to happen next. My mind was racing, was the Nun going to participate,
  were they finished with Jessica, where was the devil going to find a home for
  his rampant cock? I recalled our &quot; no fucking agreement&quot;. I had resolutely
  pushed to the back of my mind Martha's references to her own girls and my Rachel.
  I sat, my hand clutching my huge erection, knowing I was lost now in Martha's
  depraved world. I swallowed holding my breath........  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dreamster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





