BDSM Library - A Camping Trip




A Camping Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ms Loren and her pet, sara, go camping.
I met Ms Loren at the door with a smile. She looked fabulous, wearing a deep
burgundy skirt suit and black pumps. The jacket of the suit bowed in at her
waist and flared to fit her hips snugly. The jacket itself was held together by
only two buttons low on her belly but the V of the neckline showed the black
blouse underneath.

The skirt stopped a few inches above the knee. It was long enough to be
professional but short enough to tease with a look at her long, shapely legs.
Those sexy legs were bare that day. It was midsummer and too hot for nylons.

Mistress' long blond hair trailed over her shoulders as she passed through the
doorway into the house. There was a tiny crease in her hair to tell that she'd
worn her hair up for at least a little while. I guessed that she drove home with
her car's convertible top down.

Her beautiful eyes were hidden behind sunglasses, but as she slid those from her
face I saw the azure color shimmer. I looked quickly away. I would be punished
if I were caught looking Mistress in the eyes. But her eyes were so very pretty
that the short glimpse of them would have been worth even a very harsh
punishment.

Her full lips were glossed but not painted. I thought that the look suited her
well. It made her lips look almost sleek, like primrose petals after a morning
dew.

She returned my smile, handed her briefcase to me, and then stood behind me as I
shut and locked the door. "It's so hot today. Would you like a cold glass of tea
Mistress?" I asked, but when I turned around she was gone. Only her black,
high-heeled pumps remained where she'd stepped out of them.

I guessed that she had padded to the bathroom. I soon heard that I was correct
as I passed the bathroom door. I walked down the hallway and sat Mistress'
briefcase next to her desk in her study. It felt a little heavier than usual. I
did my best not to fret over it. She usually did a little work from the office
during the weekends.

I don't think I would have worried at all if Mistress hadn't called earlier to
be sure I had enough massage oil for a long session. I surmised that she had a
rough day at work. I felt sympathy for her but was truthfully thinking more
about touching her. Yes, I was being selfish but loved it when she allowed me to
massage her.

I adored feeling the stress of her day slowly vanish from beneath my fingertips.
It was a pleasure tracing warm oil over her delicious, tanned skin slow enough
that I could memorize every detail. Then, when she worked late and I was alone,
I could close my eyes and easily imagine exactly what she looked like and what
it felt like to caress every part of her with my hands and my mouth.

I walked back into the kitchen before Mistress had left the bathroom. The whole
house smelled wonderful but it all centered in the kitchen. Dinner would be
ready soon and I had a few little things to attend.

The water for the asparagus had finally boiled. I lowered the heat a little,
placed a steamer over the small pot, and dropped the recently washed spears into
the steamer. Mistress' voice startled me as I set the timer.

"I went shopping after work and found this." Loren said. I looked up to see her
holding a purple bottle. I walked closer, my heels clicking on the kitchen
floor.

I blinked. "Bug repellent Mistress?" I asked. Sure, the mosquitoes
swarmed en mass lately. It was summer. They did that sort of thing. But Mistress
preferred to use citronella candles. She didn't like the smell or taste of bug
repellant on my skin. She didn't like to smell or taste of it on hers skin
either.

"Yes pet," She replied, placing the bottle on the table, "But it's a
reasonable scent. It doesn't smell like a blasted chemical factory." She took
off her suit jacket and unfastened two buttons on her blouse. I couldn't help
but be a little excited by that.

Then Mistress sat down heavily. I felt a flare of sadness. Indeed, it seemed as
though she'd had a bad day.

I reached in a nearby cupboard for a glass. Mistress asked about dinner as I
filled the glass with ice and then with a bit of peach tea I brewed the day
before. I then presented the glass as per her preferences. My arms were
stretched out in front of me and I held the glass in both hands. She smiled as
she took it from me.

"Lasagna is in the oven Mistress." I replied, taking a
seat across the table from her and sipping my own glass of tea, "It is part of
the batch I made three weeks ago. This will be the last slice that I froze."

Ms
Loren nodded. "That's why it smells so good in here. I thought it was pasta but
I didn't see anything on the stovetop other than asparagus." She took another
sip of tea. "Do we have wine to go with the meal?" I started to get up. I'd
purchased her favorite red wine at the grocer earlier that day. But Mistress
waved me back down. "No, no. Just tell me."

"Yes Mistress." I answered.

"Good." She smiled. I suspected that she already knew. She didn't have to look.
She didn't have to ask. I was willing to bet that I'd just told her everything
by attempting to get up and show her what a good girl I'd been by buying her
favorite wine.

I took a moment to look up into her pretty face and smiled. Yes,
she knew. But what else might my enthusiasm have given away? I forced myself not
to look in the direction of the freezer where dessert was hidden. Would she know
that as well?

The timer went off and I removed the asparagus. I also checked the lasagna. Then
I took two plates down from Ms Loren's cupboards and arranged two sets of
silverware. One place setting was arranged on the table in front of Ms Loren.
The other was at her feet just to the left on the floor.

"May I retrieve a pillow to sit upon Mistress?" I asked once the places were
set. I moved my glass of tea to the floor then looked up in time to see Mistress
nod. I bowed my head in thanks and snatched a pillow from the sofa in her living
room, then put it next to my place setting on the floor.

The timer went off again. I pulled the lasagna from the oven and took a deep
breath. Basil, tomatoes, a special chicken sausage that I had the butcher make
just for my Mistress... It smelled very good.

My hands automatically put the steamer on a small plate and opened it while my
mind perused a train of thought. As I placed a few spears on Mistress' plate and
then my own, I asked about it. "May I please know why you were shopping for bug
repellent Mistress?"

"I'd like some butter with the asparagus, pet." Ms Loren said.

"Yes Mistress." I replied, placing the steamer in the sink. I'd already guessed
that she would like butter but I hadn't put it on the table. I chided myself a
bit for that and retrieved the stick of butter from the refrigerator. I quickly
added a sharp paring knife to my hands and stopped at the table.

A small, thin slice of butter was placed at each end of the cluster of asparagus
spears on Mistress' plate. She nodded and motioned to my plate on the floor.
"You may have some as well if you like"

"Thank you Mistress." I said with a nod. Then I added a thin slice of butter to
my own. It began to melt almost instantaneously.

The butter was put away and I knelt next to Ms Loren. Her glass of tea was still
half full. I thought of refilling it for a moment but she took a bite of her
asparagus. It was a signal that I could eat as well.

The spears disappeared slowly from our plates as we talked of Mistress' day and
my own. I asked about her briefcase and was told that she had a little work to
do but that it was mostly just sorting through a large document looking for
mention of a few things. I could sense the weariness in her voice.

When Mistress finished her asparagus she petted my hair. I finished chewing a
mouthful and swallowed. Then I asked if she was ready for the main course. She
kindly said that I could finish my asparagus first.

I did so and then served the wine. Mistress smiled when I produced a bottle of
Mistress' favorite red wine. It had been in the refrigerator without the cork,
breathing. She held up an empty wine glass and the grin remained the entire time
I poured for both of us.

I then placed the bottle on the table across from Ms Loren. She usually had me
pour if she wanted more but I liked to keep it close at hand regardless. She
didn't seem to mind.

The lasagna came out of the pan with many, many strings of cheese following.
Mistress laughed at me as I did my best not to make a mess and yet still managed
to get cheese all over the stovetop. I asked if I could clean it up later, after
dinner. Mistress nodded.

The lasagna was as good as it smelled. Mistress seemed to like to too. The
portions on our plates vanished quickly, even though our conversation grew
heated. National politics was something we rarely discussed but a recent bill
introduced to the Senate had Ms Loren fuming. It didn't make me particularly
happy either. We both hoped it wouldn't pass.

When I cleared Ms Loren's plate away I remembered the bug repellent. I asked
about it again. I did it partially to distract Mistress while I dished out the
fresh, peach ice cream I made earlier that day after she'd gone to work and just
before I went to my place of employment. But I was also curious.

"Oh yes." Ms Loren replied, "You forgot to pack any the last time I went
camping." I cringed in the middle of scooping ice cream into a bowl. A few of
Mistress' friends held a party at a campsite last month. I'd packed for her. I
had cane stripes the entire week after because Mistress had to deal with
mosquito bites.

Even though I had my back to her I could easily picture the cruel smile that
permeated her words. "I didn't think that you'd want to forget again. As I
recall you had trouble sitting down for a few days."

I nodded and sat a bowl of the ice cream in front of Ms Loren without looking at
her. I didn't want her to see the fear and embarrassment in my eyes. "Thank you
Mistress." I said softly as I knelt at her feet to eat my own ice cream.

She complimented me on the ice cream. I rubbed my head against her leg. That
made her smile warm and I was glad of it.

"We've been invited to a campground this weekend pet." Ms Loren continued, "A
few of my friends will be enjoying the weather. They would like our company."

I finished a cold spoonful, blushed a bit, and asked, "What sort of camping trip
is this to be Mistress?"

Ms Loren looked confused for a moment. Then she looked at me and laughed. She
could see what I was hinting at written all over my face. "No pet," She said,
still giggling, "It's not THAT kind of camping trip." Then she tilted her head
to one side. "But we may have to see if there are any kinky camping groups in
town for future events. I'll bet we can find at least one or two. It would be
great fun to watch you wriggle as you're tied to a tree, then swatted once or
twice by every member of the campsite."

I nodded and concentrated on my bowl of ice cream. I almost wished that I hadn't
asked the question. Then I thought of something else. "What would you like me to
pack Mistress?"

"Well... the bug repellent for one." She paused long enough to watch my blush
deepen in color. "Other than that, casual clothes for a day and perhaps a few
extra items of clothing in the event it gets cold. We're borrowing a two person
tent from my neighbor across the street. You can go get it after dinner."

She stopped and looked at the very short black skirt, sheer white top, and black
high-heels that was my cleaning uniform when I was in her home. Then she added,
"Wear something casual when you go over there."

I nodded, my mouth full of the last bite of ice cream. "Then," She continued, "I
want a long, warm massage." I grinned at that.

"Gladly, Mistress." I replied, rising from my spot on the floor. I collected
Mistress' bowl and the rest of the dishes.

Mistress rose from the table and stopped me. She kissed my forehead and said,
"Dinner was very good. I'm impressed with the ice cream. It gave me wonderful
ideas." Her smirk told me exactly what she meant. "I'll be in my study if you
need me. Bring a glass of that tea in when you've finished the dishes."

"Yes Mistress." I replied.

She kissed my forehead again and my cheek. Then she grabbed her suit jacket from
the back of the chair she recently had occupied and padded off down the hallway.
I watched her go. The way she swayed her hips when she walked was so very sexy.

The dishes were rinsed and put in the dishwasher in no time at all. When I knelt
outside Mistress' study holding a glass of peach iced tea and knocked she looked
up surprised. I think she was so involved with what she was doing that she
forgot. She seemed relieved when she beckoned me inside the room and took the
tea.

I then excused myself, finished cleaning the kitchen, and changed. I slipped
into a pair of low-waisted blue jeans, a t-shirt, and trainers. When I came back
into the house carrying the tent Mistress was there to greet me in the front
room. She'd changed as well as was wearing a soft, terry cloth robe. I was
betting she was nude beneath it.

I couldn't help smiling. "Would you like your massage now Mistress?" She nodded.
I gestured toward the couch as best I could with my hands full of a two person
tent. "Would you prefer your massage in here or on the bed?"

She thought about that for a moment. Then she scooped up a few binder folders I
hadn't noticed were sitting on the couch. "In the bedroom, I think." She
replied, "But first, put that in the trunk of the car."

The keys to the convertible were in Mistress' purse. I had to carry them in my
teeth so I could still maneuver the tent through the house and outside. She'd
left the car in the driveway. I thought that I should probably move the car into
the garage when I finished.

The tent fit in the trunk at a diagonal angle. It left room at the top left and
bottom right portions. I guessed that I could probably fit two small bags or one
large one in with the tent. I'd have to be careful though.

The car started with ease. I pressed the garage door opener and gently pressed
the gas pedal until the car was snugly inside. I hopped out of the car quickly
and pressed the button on the garage door controller again. I wanted to be
inside and massaging Mistress. But was there anything else to do?

I looked around at the kitchen as I came into the house from the garage. It was
clean. There was food in Chiot's bowl. I looked out the window for a moment and
saw that his bowl outside also had food in it.

Chiot himself was sitting in the shade of an oak tree in the back yard. He
looked exhausted. I grinned when I noticed the unraveled remnants of a rawhide
bone sitting beside him. I'd given it to him yesterday afternoon and he'd
already made short work of it. No wonder he was tired.

I sat a bottle of massage oil in the microwave. I had to pack, but I could do
that after Mistress' massage. At least I hoped that I could. Perhaps I should
ask to do that first.

The bottle of oil was warm when I walked down the hall towards Mistress'
bedroom. She was laying on her stomach across the bed with papers strewn all
around her. One leg was straight with a food dangling off the bed. The other leg
was bent with a foot waving in the air.

She turned to look at me when I entered the room. "Did I hear you running the
car?" She asked.

"Yes Mistress," I replied, "I thought it wise to put the car in the garage for
the night.

"Good girl." She said, then shuffled the papers into one stack.

"Would you like your massage now Mistress?" I asked hopefully.

"Yes pet, but..." She reached for a pillow, "I want to read while you do it."

I nodded and fetched two more pillows. Then I helped her out of the robe. It had
a special place in Mistress' closet and I put it there, on the hook, so it was
easily reached in the morning.

Mistress lay her chest on the pillows to prop herself up and grabbed a sheet of
paper. I took off my own clothes, making a bit of a show taking off my panties.
I kept my knees locked and slid the tiny black thong down my legs slowly,
seductively.

Ms Loren grinned approvingly. "I'd be careful if I were you." She teased, "If
you get yourself tied up and can't pack tonight then you'll have to get up early
and do it in the morning."

I couldn't have cared less. She was so sexy. I wanted to touch her and be
touched by her. I wanted to be tied up and teased until I couldn't put a
coherent sentence together. I wanted her to make me beg for release.

Loren's skin felt like silk beneath my hands. Her muscles slowly relaxed the
more I gently pushed and pulled, guiding my hands carefully over her neck,
shoulders, and back. Nude as she was, she practically glowed. Light from the
overhead lamp and from the few vanilla scented candles I'd lit shimmered,
dancing across the thin layer of oil I'd rubbed into her smooth, tanned skin.
She was a stunning sight.

I gently traced my fingernails down her back and then
reached for the glass bottle of warmed massage oil. She stirred beneath me. One
of her hands reached up to pull a strand of hair from her eyes and tuck it
behind her ear. "That feels lovely pet." She purred.

"Thank you Mistress." I
replied. The oil was warm to the touch but not as hot as it had been when I
started. I'd have to put it back in the microwave soon.

I moved myself off
Mistress' hips. I'd straddled her rear end while I massaged her shoulders and
decided that I wanted to kneel beside her as I massaged lower. The small of her
back was a delicious curve. It held a bit of oil that I decided to leave. I
could dip my fingers in it as I massaged her thighs. It would be convenient.
Besides, I knew the flesh there was very sensitive. I thought that it would feel
nice to have me return to that spot on occasion.

Mistress sighed languidly. My
hands coated her well-toned thighs with a thin layer of oil. Then I worked along
the muscle lines to pull the tension from her.

Occasionally I allowed my
fingertips to gently brush the hair surrounding her sex. Mistress considered it
an insult to be so close to her body and not show my arousal in such ways. For
me, it felt natural. I wanted to do it. I wanted to touch her and please her.
That I happened to be able to do that while adhering to one of her preferences
was an added bonus.

She stopped trying to read and put the paper down when I started to tease her. I
wondered for a moment just how long she'd been having trouble reading. Was I
that much of a distraction? I greedily hoped so.

Mistress spread her legs a little and moaned when I began to massage her inner
thighs. She went to a gym regularly and those muscles were taut and strong. I
pressed my hands up and down the length of the muscles there, brushing her
trimmed pubic hair each time. At first I wasn't certain if I was smelling her
arousal or my own, but then Mistress spread her legs further. She bent her knees
and put her feet in the air and I knew.

It wasn't a verbal command, but with an invitation like that I didn't need one.
The next time I pushed my hands up her thighs I didn't stop at the edge of her
pubic hair. I slid my hand over her sex.

She was warm and quite wet. The oil on my fingers was a perfect lubricant. With
my fingers already slippery I stroked her sex softly. My fingertips glided
across the soft, tender skin of her inner labia and clit.

She arched her back a little more. Mistress moaned again but turned her head to
look over her shoulder. "Enough foreplay, sara." She may have been the one
stretched out over the bed but there was no doubt who was in charge. I was her
toy. I was her slave. She used me in that way because it was what she wanted at
the moment.

"Yes Mistress." I replied, my voice breathy. I slid my fingertips along her
labia away from her clit and then pushed one of my fingers gently inside her. I
did it slowly and drew a long moan from Ms Loren.

As I gently pulled my index finger out of her I coupled it with my middle
finger. Two digits then slid into her sex. She moaned again but I kept my
fingers in her for a moment. I only moved them in and out a little bit at a
time, curling them down toward the bed while still inside of Ms Loren, finding
that one, perfect little spot inside that made her shriek.

I knew what my Mistress liked. I don't say that to sound smug. She told me.  She
taught me. She seared the knowledge into me with night after night of
instruction, reward if I performed well, and punishment if I didn't. When she
first collared me she would bind my hands to her thighs and tell me exactly
where to lick and when. Then she taught me to do the same movements with my
hands. Eventually she didn't have to give me instructions. I just knew.

My fingers gently moved in and out of Mistress' sex just enough to pass my
fingertips over that spot again and again. She writhed on the bed beneath me. I
felt my own sex ache and thought of asking if I could touch myself while I
pleasured her.

But Mistress began moving her hips back to meet the strokes of my fingers. She
was close to orgasm. So I kept my mouth shut until she screamed. I felt her sex
clench my fingers tight and everything seemed to become just a little more
slippery... including the space between my own thighs.

Then she lay there panting. I slowly withdrew my fingers. I slid them
reluctantly from her warm, flushed body and she brought her legs together. She
rolled to her side to face me and her eyes were relaxed, sated. Her voice was
breathy when she spoke. It was nearly a whisper. "Good girl. Very good girl."

She pulled me to her and had me turn away so she could hold me tightly. It felt
wonderful to have her body, hot with pleasure and slick with massage oil,
against my naked flesh. Her whispers in my ear were the best part though.
Hearing her breathe, "Good girl" over and over let me know I'd done what she
wanted. It was the perfect praise.

I lay there for at least twenty minutes with Ms Loren wrapped around me. I
couldn't help lapping her scent off my fingers. She tasted so good!

Eventually Ms Loren became cold. I got up quickly and retrieved a towel from the
bathroom. I used it to wipe the excess oil from her body. Then I tucked her into
bed and fetched a glass of water. By the time I came back with it she was sound
asleep.

I was very, very happy. I don't think I could have been more sated myself if
Mistress had put me on my back and made me come three or four times. I was
blissed.  I felt safe, cared for, and desired. There was no better gift for me
than to be allowed to please someone so attractive and intelligent.

I chose to pack while Mistress slept. It seemed like the right thing to do. But
first I put the papers she'd been reading away. A few were slightly smudged with
massage oil but I hoped that wouldn't matter.

A day's worth of clothing went into a single, large bag. I also packed enough
toiletries so that we could take care of ourselves if the opportunity arose.
Perhaps I should have asked about shower or bathing facilities before but it
hadn't occurred to me. I decided I would pack the items so they would be
available if Mistress wished them.

When I lay down on my mat at the end of Ms Loren's bed I discovered she was
still awake. She called to me and I climbed into her large, fluffy bed. She
purred a few times and stroked between my thighs. Then we fell asleep in each
other's arms.

The next morning was a bit rushed. Ms Loren had a Saturday meeting at work and
had to be there early. She let me drop her off at work while I did a bit of
grocery shopping. There were a few things Mistress wished to bring with her to
the campsite.

I spent the rest of the morning cleaning Ms Loren's home and running errands.
The car's oil had to be changed. I picked up Ms Loren's dry cleaning. I ordered
a swath of leather that Mistress planned to make into a flogger.

It was time to pick up Ms Loren from work before I knew it. We drove home in
silence. She seemed pleased though, and that was a good sign.

When we arrived home Mistress changed into a tight pair of denim shorts, a
halter top, and a pair of sandals. She ushered me into the garage and pointed
towards a large cooler. I just stared and blinked for a moment before I realized
she had said something. She looked so very sexy that I'd been lost in my own
thoughts of desire... her pinning me against a wall and kissing me
passionately... her binding me to the four corners of her bed and whipping me...
her bending me over the kitchen table and taking me in every orifice with a
strap-on. "Please forgive me Mistress, but... what did you say?"

She laughed, kissed me, and repeated herself. "Pack all the things from the
grocery store in there. I'm sure we can find room for it in the car." I nodded
and began arranging the snacks from the grocer in the cooler.

Our large bag fit snugly into the car's trunk along with the rolled tent and
sleeping bags. I put the cooler of snacks in the floorboard of the back seat. It
was the only place that it would fit.

"Do you know how to put up a tent?" Mistress asked as we climbed into the car.

A tent? I hadn't put up a tent since I was very young. There was something to do
with stakes, poles, and ropes. How did they work?

"No Mistress," I said
honestly, "I don't think I remember how to put up a tent. It's been a long time
since I went camping with my father when I was little. I don't remember much of
it. I don't even know if we used a tent."

Mistress looked up at me as she slid
her sunglasses on. "Well then pet, I hope you learn fast." Then she shifted into
reverse, guided the car out of the garage, and we were on our way.

I had the
privilege of holding Mistress' hair as we drove. With the convertible top down
Ms Loren's long blonde hair whipped about fiercely. She could have worn a hair
tie but preferred something more intimate. She liked me to hold her hair back
with my hands.

I loved to do it. Her hair was silky. It gave me an excuse to
touch her. I occasionally brushed my fingernails across the tender back of her
neck. That usually made her smile or shiver... or both. The sight of me holding
back her hair sometimes drew stares from passing motorists. I didn't care
though. I was very, very happy to do it.

We made it to the campsite in time for dinner. Ms Loren seemed rather relieved
about that. She sat and talked with her friends while I helped a few of her
other friends, their wives, and girlfriends with the bar-b-q. When everyone had
their fill I helped clean up. It was easy work, done in a flash, and I was soon
sitting next to Ms Loren while everyone compared stories from their places of
employment.

When I noticed twilight approaching I asked around for help putting up the tent.
A general consensus was reached that it was now a good time to put up  tents or
set up camper trailers. A few volunteers quickly did most of the work setting up
the tent that I borrowed from Ms Loren's neighbor. I studied them and assisted
while they worked. It was easy enough. I was sure I could remember it for future
use.

Mistress took me to the edge of the water just after nightfall. We splashed
around a bit and shared a very long, tender kiss before the others joined us.
There was a bit of teasing but it was all friendly. Then a great many fireworks
were set off.

The campfire was piled high and silly ghost stories were told while most of
those present saw to their own inebriation. I had one drink myself. It left me a
little tipsy and, as usual, rather wanton.

I begged Mistress to take me back to the tent by gently nibbling her ear. When I
brushed my lips softly down the length of her arm she seemed to realize that I
was quite horny. She grinned widely and we said goodnight to several smirking
faces.

When we crawled into the small tent Mistress turned to me and whispered, "So
you're a horny little slut, are you?" The sound of a zipper extinguished most of
the light. I could still make out Mistress' shape in the darkness though.

"Yes Mistress," I said in a hushed voice, embarrassed. I felt Ms Loren stretch
out on the sleeping bag I'd unrolled earlier. I crawled backwards, straddling
her body until I reached her feet. I planted one soft kiss on each and begged to
be allowed sex. "Please Mistress, please touch me. Please, I want sex very
badly. Please Mistress? Please?"

"Hmmm... I'll think about it." She replied as she slid her halter top over her
head. "But I think you'll have to beg better than that."

I blushed in the darkness. I knew what she wanted. I also knew that I didn't
want to give it to her. "Please Mistress, may I please be touched by your
fingers tonight? Please? I want to be touched so badly. Please?"

My eyes were beginning to adjust to the scant light in the tent. I saw that
Mistress was lying flat on her back. Her hand were at her waist. She was
wriggling out of her denim shorts and dragging her panties off with them. It
made my sex throb.

"Please Mistress?" I continued, whispering, "Please?" Ms Loren handed the items
of clothing to me. I instinctively folded them and placed them behind me at the
back of the tent on top of the bag I'd packed for us. "Please?"

"Say it pet."

I whimpered.

"Say. It."

"Please fuck me Mistress? Will you please fuck me?"

"Good girl" I could feel her smile in the dark. I didn't have to see the grin.
"I'll think about it. In the meantime I think I should probably keep you busy to
be sure you don't touch yourself. Where's our bag?"

I reached behind me and patted it. "It's right behind me Mistress."

"Give me the soft, nylon rope and the gag."

"Yes Mistress." I unzipped one of the small compartments and retrieved the items
she wished. Then I lay them next to her hand.

She took the rope and beckoned me forward. I straddled her hips while she pushed
my arms behind me so they touched at the wrists. Then she bound my wrists
tightly behind my back. The rope bit into my skin but I wasn't about to
complain.

I adored being bound. I loved feeling helpless to someone who found me sexy and
wanted to use me for her pleasure. It was the ultimate thrill for me. It was the
best foreplay.

Ms Loren took a handful of my hair and guided my face between her thighs. She
was wet too. I wasn't the only one. She was warm and smelled strong. How long
had she been so aroused?

She gently pressed down on my head, guiding my mouth to her clit. I kissed the
tender flesh softly and was rewarded with a long, slow exhalation of breath. She
tasted so wonderful. My own sex ached and throbbed.

I slowly licked her clit until she moved my head so that my mouth was a little
lower. Her back arched a bit. Her legs folded so her knees pointed up at angles
toward the sky. "Inside me pet," She said in a breathy whisper.

I complied. My tongue found it's way as deep in her as I could manage. The warm,
wet tightness of her felt as though I were licking slick velvet. She sighed and
moaned softly. I looked up to see that she'd placed a pillow over her face with
one hand while keeping the other tangled in my hair.

She clutched the pillow harder as I continued to thrust my tongue into her over
and over again. My face became sloppy with her wetness. Her fists balled in my
hair. She pushed and pulled me and rocked her hips against my face. Through it
all I did my best to keep my tongue inside her until she moaned long and loud
into the pillow.

Then she let the pillow fall away. I heard her breath in ragged gasps. She
stroked my hair while I lay the side of my face on her flat, well-toned stomach.
I licked the taste of her from my lips as much as I could. I wanted more. I
wanted to lap at her sex like a cat for hours and hours. But I knew that
couldn't happen. She was far to sensitive after an orgasm and my tongue was
exhausted. It would be a little swollen in the morning.

Mistress pulled me up toward her. I had a tricky time maneuvering in the small,
short tent with my hands behind my back but managed to lay beside her. She
stroked my hair and kept whispering, "Good girl. Good girl."

Then I had to use an intermediary safeword. My hands had fallen asleep and my
forearms were losing circulation. It was hardly an emergency but it could be
dangerous if it lasted too long. I had to let Mistress know.

She responded with a kiss to my forehead. "Ah see," She said as she untied the
knots, "You really are a good girl. You're a very good girl for being safe."

"Thank you Mistress." I preened, still being careful to keep my voice low. "May
I please lap at your sex more as a reward?

Ms Loren laughed. "No pet. I have something else in mind." She coiled the rope
next to my head and gently massaged life back into my tingling fingers.

Then she leaned down over me and kissed me. It was a long, slow, soft kiss at
first. Her lips barely brushed mine. Then she pressed them to me again and I
opened my mouth a little. She took the invitation and pressed her lips a little
harder. She sucked at my bottom lip a bit. Then her tongue slid softly into my
mouth.

She maneuvered one thigh between my legs as she did it. She pressed that thigh
hard against my sex. It was enough to make me gasp. My gasp in turn made Ms
Loren chuckle into my mouth.

She broke the kiss and inquired about my hands. When I told her they were fine
she nodded and placed the gag's ball in my mouth. I blinked, a little shocked. I
had expected her to tie me back up after asking about my hands. Instead she
buckled the gag very tight behind my head.

Only then did she reach for the rope. My hands were pulled above my head and
tied together firmly at the wrists. Ms Loren used a different knot that time.
She also wrapped the rope several times around my wrists and forearms to
distribute force as she made tight knots. The end result was much more
comfortable than the bondage had been earlier, yet I couldn't budge my wrists
apart one bit.

I was then stripped. The bikini top I'd been wearing during the day slid off
easily after untying a few knots. The shorts I had on gave Ms Loren a little
more difficulty, but she made short work of them nonetheless. Then my ankles
were lashed together as well.

"Stay put." Mistress said. Then she smirked and left the tent. I wriggled about
for a moment. My hands were securely handcuffed behind my head. The handcuff
link was fastened to my steel collar. My ankles and thighs were tied with rope.
There wasn't much of anywhere that I could go even if I wanted to do so.

I
relaxed, enjoying the sensation of being bound. I bit into the gag in my mouth
just a bit It was a ball-gag with a large ball... perhaps two inches in
diameter. It was Mistress' favorite. But she'd been using a smaller gag for two
weeks. Was she trying to make sure that my jaw would be sore the next time she
decided to use the larger gag?

If so, the plan worked. My jaw was already
starting to ache. I wondered how long she would leave me like that, alone in the
tent. I hoped she returned soon.

I heard the tent being unzipped and had a
moment of panic. What if it wasn't Mistress returning? What if someone else
decided to climb into the tent? I didn't think that any of Mistress' vanilla
friends would do such a thing, but what if? I thought about recoiling my legs
and preparing to kick the intruder in the event they turned out not to be Ms
Loren.

Then I saw one of her hands slip inside the tent. I would know those
red, manicured fingernails anywhere. I relaxed. She zipped the tent behind her
and we were once again in the semi-dark. Everything took on the soft pink light
of the glow stick.

Mistress carried something but I couldn't quite make it out.
What else could she possibly need? I couldn't guess. When she unwrapped a piece
of aluminum foil, I knew. I could smell the sweet scent of chocolate, toasted
marshmallow, and graham cracker. I would have smiled if my face hadn't been
stuffed with a rubber ball.

She sat one s'more on my stomach. It was warm to
the touch. Had she just made them on the embers of the dying fire? Had she
wrapped them in foil and set them near the fire for later? The chocolate spilled
from the graham cracker very slowly over my skin while Mistress rewrapped the
aluminum foil. It was hot, like candle wax. I wondered how many she brought with
her.

Mistress shook her head a few times, make a "tisking" sound, and then
dabbed at the chocolate on my belly. "We can't have that wasted, now can we?"
She asked.

I shook my head back and forth and mumbled, "No Mistress" into the gag.

The
s'more was lifted to sit on one of my breasts. "Sit still pet. If this falls
I'll be very upset." I nodded, careful not to move my chest. Then I felt her
warm tongue lapping the chocolate from my stomach.

I fought hard not to writhe
or scream. I didn't want to be too loud. If her friends heard there would be
relentless teasing. I was almost glad that she wasn't lapping at my sex. Almost.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kittenfemme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





