BDSM Library - The Slavery of Gloria




The Slavery of Gloria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A studious asian high schooler is blackmailed by her fellow female classmate and eventually comes to accpet her new role as a submissive slave.Chapter 1   
After one firm tug on her leash, Gloria Shin obediently crawled on her hands
  and knees over to her mistress.  
"Look up at me you little slut. Who's my little horny China whore?"  
"I am your little horny China whore mistress," Gloria proudly answered.  
A tear ran down Gloria's pretty face as she wondered how she learned to accept
  her fate as a slave to her own high school classmate. It all began one day
  a few weeks earlier, after Gloria decided to cheat on a history paper.  
That morning, Gloria stood in front of her bathroom mirror as she frantically
  tried to get herself ready for school. She had accidentally slept through her
  alarm again. "I really need to get some more sleep at night," she thought as
  she dried her long dark hair. Of course she knew this would be difficult due
  to her busy schedule.  
Not only did Gloria have to go to school every day, she studied harder and
  longer than anyone in her school. Her parent's dream was for her to attend
  Harvard and she didn't want to let them down. She was also a member of the
  cheerleading and cross-country teams. However, she knew her recently acquired
  boyfriend was the real reason she was losing sleep. She spent time with him
  nearly every night after cheerleading practice. Unfortunately, this only left
  the late night hours to catch up on her class work.  
She felt guilty for being so irresponsible. And today she was about to do
  something she had never done before, cheat. She was assigned to write a 10-page
  essay for her Western Civilization class but wanted to be able to spend time
  with her boyfriend. Luckily, a classmate and fellow cheerleader, Jessica Kozlowski
  told her about an internet site where you can download from a list of several
  well-written history papers and save time. Gloria initially decided against
  downloading from the site because she knew the penalty for cheating in her
  Western Civilization class was failure. Failure for her would mean her perfect
  academic record would be destroyed and she would never be able to get into
  Harvard or any Ivy League school. But in the end, she felt that she didn't
  have the time to write the paper herself and thought there would be no way
  her teacher could find out anyway.  
Although her priorities were not in perfect order, Gloria thought it was
  worth it since her boyfriend Brad was the most popular boy in school. She often
  wondered why he liked her. Gloria never thought she was ugly but never thought
  of herself as pretty either. Almost every boy in school had a crush on her,
  but she never really knew because she was painfully shy and only began attending
  this school in the middle her sophomore year. However, Brad seemed to be infatuated
  with her oriental look and was able to get her to open up.  
After a couple weeks of dating, Brad tried to convince Gloria to have sex,
  but she told him she needed time. Brad said he understood and would wait for
  her. Things were going as well as she could have hoped. As a result, Gloria
  began to gain more confidence and think of herself as more attractive.  
Gloria looked into the mirror at her 5 feet 3 inch 100 pound frame. She had
  long dark hair, and a skinny athletic body. Her 34b breasts were large for
  an asian girl she thought. But what made her stand out was her beautiful skin
  and sweet smile.  
Gloria put on some short gray sweatshorts and a t-shirt so she wouldn't have
  to change before cheerleading practice. She barely arrived at school on time.
  Her first class was Western Civilization. She nervously turned in her paper
  and sat in her seat. A few minutes into the lecture, Jessica leaned over and
  whispered,  
"Did you use that internet site I told you about?"  
Gloria nodded and whispered "thank you."  
Gloria wondered to herself why Jessica helped her. They had never really
  been friends in the past even though they were on the cheerleading team together.
  Gloria had always thought of Jessica as an intimidating presence because of
  her abrasive tone and lack of respect for most of her schoolmates. However,
  she seemed to always get what she wanted by using her attractive looks. She
  stood 5 feet 7, with long straight bleach blond hair and a slim curvaceous
  body.  
Gloria thought everything about Jessica said "bitch," but decided that she
  should reserve judgment since she was so kind to help her with her essay.  
After class, Gloria went to cheerleading practice and she chit-chatted with
  Jessica a little and thanked her again for helping her. After practice, Jessica
  met Gloria in the school parking lot. Jessica had changed into a high cut denim
  skirt and white tank top that showed off her considerable cleavage. "She looks
  just like Barbie," Gloria thought to herself.  
"Gloria, you are coming over to my house tonight," Jessica said with a commanding
  tone.  
Gloria looked at her with a puzzled face.  
"Um&hellip; I'm sorry, I can't tonight, Im busy."  
"Yes you are you little bitch, in fact you are going to do anything I want
  from now on."  
"What are you talking about?"  
"I'm talking about your Western Civ paper that you plagiarized. If you don't
  do what I say, I am going to drop a little anonymous note off to our teacher
  explaining the website you downloaded your paper from. And oops, you get an
  F, and there goes your perfect record."  
Gloria's mouth opened but she didn't know what to say. Her heart pounded
  and her body began shaking. As far as she was concerned, her life would be
  over if she got caught. She paused and before she could say anything, Jessica
  shouted,  
"Now get in your fucking car and follow me to my house."  
"What do you want me to do when we get there?"  
"Don't worry, if you just do what I say, everything will be just fine."  
Jessica smiled and walked toward her car. Gloria got into her car and began
  to follow Jessica home. She couldn't understand why Jessica was doing this
  to her. Her hands shook as she gripped the steering wheel of her Honda Accord.
  She wondered where Jessica was going with this and what she was going to be
  made to do. "Maybe she will want me to do all her homework, that wouldn't be
  too bad," she thought. All she knew is that she had to keep Jessica happy in
  order to keep her life from falling apart.  
They arrived at a huge white house with long pillars on each side of the
  front door. Gloria figured Jessica's family had to be very wealthy to live
  in such a large and beautiful home. Gloria followed Jessica into the home where
  she saw a tall blond woman in a pretty floral dress. Gloria thought she was
  an attractive woman for her age but suspected some surgical enhancements helped
  her look that way. Neverthless, she couldn't get over the natural presence
  the older woman commanded.  
"Hey Jessie, who's your new friend?" the woman asked.  
"Mom, this is Gloria, Gloria mom."  
Gloria and Jessica's mom exchanged hellos and Gloria followed Jessica upstairs
  into her bedroom wondering what was in store for her. Jessica's bedroom was
  large with a huge walk-in closet, king-sized bed, love seat and an entertainment
  center complete with a 32-inch flat screen TV. Jessica sat on the edge of her
  bed, looked up at Gloria and patted her sheets, signaling Gloria to sit down.
  Gloria nervously sat down, ready to accept whatever Jessica was going to make
  her do.  
"You may be wondering why I'm blackmailing you. Well you stupid cunt, you
  stole the only thing that ever mattered to me. Brad and I dated for two years
  before you showed up at this school. We were talking about getting back together
  again until I see him with you holding hands at school. Now he barely talks
  to me and all I hear about is how he is in love with you. So I figure, if you
  ruined my life, you should be responsible for making me feel better."  
"I'm sorry, I didn't know about any of this. I didn't want to hurt you in
  any way"  
Gloria's eyes started to gather tears as she put her head down, trying to
  think of something to say.  
"I don't care what you say, you are going to make me feel better, any way
  I see fit. You will call Brad and tell him you aren't seeing him anymore. Tell
  him you are in love with a guy from another school. Get out your phone now
  and do it."  
Gloria put her hands over her face and began crying. She was so happy with
  Brad, he was her first boyfriend. And even though they had only dated for a
  few weeks, she had grown attached to him. Unfortunately, there wasn't anything
  she could do, if she failed her class, her future would be ruined.  
"Get yourself together you little slut and call him right now."  
Gloria tried to gain composure over herself. She got out her cell phone and
  with tears running down her face, she told Brad she was in love with someone
  else. She put her hands over her face again and broke down crying. It was the
  hardest thing she's ever had to do. She tried to console herself by imagining
  being with him after graduation when she wouldn't have to worry about getting
  caught cheating.  
"Payback's a bitch, isn't it slut? I'm going to watch TV now and you are
  going to massage my feet."  
Gloria took a time out from thinking about Brad and was stunned by what she
  just heard. "She isn't through with me?" she thought, "what does this girl
  want from me?"  
Jessica sat on her loveseat in front of her entertainment center and propped
  her feet up on an ottoman.  
"Come here bitch and massage my feet, I hear you Asians are great at that."  
"I don't understand, I just broke up with Brad for you, what else do you
  want me to do, I can't just do everything you say?"  
With a stern voice, Jessica snapped, "get over here, I have something to
  tell you,"  
Gloria walked over in front of the couch. Jessica quickly grabbed her hair,
  pulling her head down so they were face to face..  
"If my mother wasn't here I would give you the worst beating of your life,
  you better obey me or I will really punish you later slut."  
&lt; Slap! &gt; While still pulling Gloria's head down by her hair, Jessica
  gave her a hard smack to the side of the face. Stunned, Gloria's jaw dropped.  
"Now get down there and massage my feet!"  
Jessica let go of Gloria's hair and Gloria decided to kneel down next to
  the ottoman. She reached out to touch Gloria's feet when &lt; slap! &gt; she
  received another hard smack to the face.  
"Don't block my view of the TV you dumb whore."  
Gloria's jaw dropped again in shock, she had never been physically harmed
  by anyone before. Confused, she decided to do whatever it took to prevent herself
  from getting hit again.  
"I&hellip; I'm sorry Jessica, please d don't hit me anymore."  
"Hold on slut, first of all, from now on, you will only speak when you are
  spoken to unless you are asking to please me in some way. Second of all, you
  will always address me as m'am unless we are around other people. And I will
  slap you as much as I want and you will like it. Understand?"  
"Um&hellip; yes m'am"  
"Yes m'am what? What do you understand? And tell me you like you mean it
  this time."  
"Um&hellip; m'am, um. I will only talk when you say so, I will always call
  you m'am, and you can slap me."  
"What else cunt?"  
"Uh.. I don't know&hellip;"  
"You will like it! Now say it, I will hit you and&hellip;"  
"You will slap me and I will like it m'am?"  
"Don't say it like a question, smile and say it like you mean it."  
Jessica tried her best to smile as she sniffled from all of her crying. She
  managed to make a fake smile, look into her tormenter's eyes and say, "M'am,
  you will slap me and I will like it."  
"That's right slut, now take off my shoes and massage my feet."  
Gloria started massaging Jessica's feet. After the initial shock of what
  happened wore off, her mind started spinning, thinking of what else was going
  to happen to her. Suddenly, breaking up with Brad didn't seem like her biggest
  problem. Was this even worth it? She couldn't give in to all of Jessica's demands
  could she? But then again, if she flunked history and was labeled a cheater,
  everything she worked for would fall apart. All she could think about was what
  her parents' faces would look like if they found out. They would all but disown
  her. She decided to please Jessica the best she could and hoped it would eventually
  blow over.  
Chapter 2   
A half hour past and Gloria was still massaging Jessica's feet as she watched
  afternoon talk shows. Gloria wanted to ask how long she would have to do this
  but remembered that she couldn't speak unless she was spoken to. She noticed
  from where she was sitting on the floor, she could see right up Jessica's skirt.
  She tried not to look but noticed she was wearing white cotton panties.  
"Nice work slut, massaging really must be in your genes. Did you like massaging
  my beautiful feet?"  
With her eyes looking down, Jessica responded, "Umm&hellip; how long do I
  have to do this for?"  
"Boy, you really catch on slow slut, answer the question before I start to
  get angry. And keep massaging my feet, I didn't tell you to stop!"  
Gloria paused, and tried to think of what she needed to do to keep Jessica
  happy. She looked up made the most genuine smile she could.  
"M'am, I really like massaging your beautiful feet."  
"Aw, that was really cute. I know you like my feet. Now I want you to think
  about how you can really make my feet feel even better. Any ideas? You better
  think of something really special or I might get mad at you again. In fact,
  if I even have to tell you what I want you to do, I will get very angry, and
  you know what happens then. I'll give you a hint, it doesn't require using
  your hands. And I don't want to hear your annoying voice again, just start
  doing it, I'm giving you ten seconds."  
Gloria's heart pounded a mile a minute. What does this girl want? All she
  knew is that she didn't want to get slapped in the face again. She looked at
  Jessica's left foot, slowly leaned forward, and started kissing the sole. Her
  heart kept pounding, she could feel shots of adrenaline shooting through her
  body. She just hoped Jessica approved. She kept on kissing, after thirty seconds
  had passed, she thought she probably avoided punishment.  
"That's a good girl, you have the right idea. But that isn't the best you
  can do, show me what you are really good at, and keep your eyes on me. I saw
  you looking up my skirt you dirty little asian slut. When I turn away from
  the TV, I want to see your cute squinty eyes looking up at my face."  
Gloria, kept her eyes on Jessica as she reluctantly stuck out her tongue
  and licked the bottom of her foot. She couldn't believe what Jessica was making
  her do. She felt disgusted. Jessica's feet tasted salty from the sweat left
  over from cheerleading practice. Gloria had to give in to Jessica, she was
  just afraid of how far she would take it. Her heart wouldn't stop pounding
  as she thought about what she was doing. Her body was shaking with nervousness
  but she had to keep doing her job. She began licking all over her feet. Her
  little tongue ran across the heel, the ankle, and the bottoms of the toes.
  All while keeping her eyes on Jessica's face as she was told. Jessica continued
  to watch TV without paying Gloria much attention.  
"Tell me how beautiful my feet are. Aren't you the luckiest little slut?"  
Gloria decided that she was making Jessica happy, so she thought she should
  tell her what she wanted to hear to make her more lenient.  
"I am so lucky m'am, not only are your feet beautiful, but your whole body
  is beautiful. I'm such a lucky slut"  
"Keep you hair from touching my feet, its tickling me. And make sure you
  lick between all of my toes."  
"Yes m'am"  
Gloria pulled her hair behind her ears and licked between Jessica's toes.
  After a few minutes, Jessica picked up her foot a couple inches and pointed
  the ends of her toes toward Gloria's mouth. Gloria knew what Jessica wanted,
  she opened her mouth and began sucking her toes. Jessica then put her foot
  back on the ottoman and Gloria followed her toes back and kept sucking. Her
  eyes subconsciously wondered to look up Jessica's skirt again.  
"Keep your eyes on me slut!"  
"Yes m'am"  
"Put all of my toes in that mouth of yours"  
"Yes m'am"  
Gloria opened her mouth as wide as she could and barely fit all of Jessica's
  toes in her mouth. She sucked on them the best she could. Her heart pounded
  furiously again and she started breathing heavily. All the while her eyes stayed
  on Jessica's smirking face.  
"Now bob your head up and down and suck hard. I want to hear you slobber
  all over my foot."  
Gloria's eyes began to tear up but she did what she was told. She purposely
  made slurping noises as her head bobbed up and down over Jessica's foot.  
"Harder, faster, you little asian slut! I want to hear you sucking my feet!"  
Gloria obeyed, with tears running down her face, she moved her head up and
  down faster. Her saliva was running down all over Jessica's foot. She kept
  moving her head up and down without breaking rhythm. She slurped and slurped
  and tried to make the noise as loud as she could. Without realizing it, a few
  moans escaped Gloria's mouth. After a few minutes, a pool of saliva began to
  gather at the bottom of the ottoman.  
"Are you my little foot slut?" Answer me without taking that foot out of
  your mouth."  
Gloria kept bobbing her head and tried to say, "yes m'am" with the foot in
  her mouth.  
"I want you to put that foot in your mouth as deep as it can go, and tell
  me what you are"  
Gloria moved her mouth down over Jessica's foot until she began to choke.
  She spoke the best she could with Jessica's toes touching the back of her throat  
"Say it louder, I can't hear you?  
With tears running down her face and her lips half way down the blond girl's
  left foot, Gloria tried to catch her breath. She paused and cried, "I'm your
  little foot slut."  
Suddenly, Gloria came back to reality and realized what she was doing. She
  threw herself away from Jessica's foot and put her hands over her face to cry.
  Jessica chuckled.  
"Did I tell you to stop slut?"  
"I'm sorry, I can't do this, just please don't tell anyone I cheated on the
  paper."  
"That's not an option anymore my little slut, besides, you are liking this
  way too much. You are my slave now."  
"I don't know what you are talking about, I getting out of here."  
"Wait my little whore. Stay on the floor where you belong a little longer
  and let me explain something. I will let you leave and let your little secret
  die with me under one condition."  
"What?"  
"You have to prove to me that you didn't like worshiping my feet."  
"I didn't like it, I don't want to do this anymore, what else can I tell
  you?"  
"Lets let your body do the talking, if you aren't soaking wet right now,
  I'll let you out of here, but if your pussy is wet, I will spank your cute
  little ass for being such a dumb slut and you will continue to obey me for
  as long as I want. Deal?  
Gloria gulped and thought for a second, was she wet? She was afraid to know.
  She could feel wetness in her panties but She had cried and sweated through
  this whole ordeal. She felt all sorts of things like pain, nervousness, sadness,
  and confusion. She couldn't have been sexually aroused, she thought to herself.  
"So is it a deal my little whore?"  
"Um&hellip; fine, I'm not wet"  
"I'll be the judge of that."  
"I'm not letting you touch me down there."  
"Stand up and look in the mirror slut, you need to see something."  
Gloria stood up and her opened in horror. The crotch area of her tight sweatshorts
  was soaking wet. She quickly ran her hand across her shorts and looked at Jessica.  
"Look, this doesn't mean anything, I don't want any part of this."  
"Yes you do, and you know it"  
Just then the door shut and Gloria could hear the clicking of high heels
  walking from the house. Both girls looked out the window to see Jessica's mother
  confidently walking out to her car.  
"My parents are divorced, we are all alone now. Since you lied to me and
  yourself about how much of a little slut you are, I'm going to give you the
  spanking deserve. Bend over my knee right now or I will slap your face so silly
  you won't be able to go to school tomorrow."  
"Yes m'am"  
Chapter 3   
Gloria put her head down, walked over to the love seat and layed across Jessica's
  lap. Gloria began breathing heavily as Jessica pulled off her damp shorts.  
"What a tight litttle ass, I can see why Brad wanted to fuck you. Oh and
  by the way, you were so wet," Jessica chuckled. "You really need to feel this."  
Jessica rubbed Gloria's panties in her face for a moment and put them on
  the ground.  
"Now as I spank, you will count each smack out loud, thank me, and beg to
  worship something about me. You need to mention something new each time. It
  could be my body or anything else you love about me. But if I'm not satisfied
  by what you say, you will get two extra spankings and we will do it over. If
  you do this right you will only get 20 spankings. Do you understand horny slut?"  
"Um&hellip; I think so ma'm"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Jessica smacked Gloria's little butt as hard as she could with an open palm.
  Gloria jerked as her body tightened from the pain. She tried to think of something
  to worship without making it sound to sexual. She didn't want Jessica to think
  she was a lesbian or something. Her mind was drawing a blank.  
"Ow! Um&hellip; One, thank you. I would like to worship your feet m'am.  
&lt; Smack! Smack! &gt;  
"Ow, that hurt! What did I do wrong? Uh&hellip; m'am."  
"First of all, that was unoriginal, I already know how much you like to worship
  my feet, but I'll let that slide because you are such a dumb whore. Second
  of all, you have to beg to worship me. We have to start at one all over again.
  Try again."  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"One, thank you, please let me worship your beautiful feet m'am.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Gloria paused, she still couldn't think of things she wanted to worship without
  sounding sexual or weird. Her mind was drawing blanks.  
"Two, thank you, um.. please let me worship your beautiful eyes m'am"  
&lt; Smack! Smack! &gt;  
Gloria let out a cry and squirmed all over Jessica's tanned thighs.  
"How can you worship my eyes, tell me what you really want to worship slut!
  Try again."  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Gloria decided to just think of what Jessica wanted to hear.  
"Two, thank you m'am, please let me worship your beautiful umm.. breasts
  m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Three, thank you m'am, please let me worship your beautiful legs m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Four, thank you m'am, please let me worship your beautiful lips m'am"  
Gloria didn't want to say these things but she felt it was the only way for
  her to be able to get through her spanking as quick as possible.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Five, thank you m'am, please let me worship your beautiful butt m'am"  
"Don't worry my little slut, you will," Jessica remarked. Gloria gulped.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Gloria could feel herself getting more and more wet with each smack and didn't
  want Jessica to know. She decided to arch her back to pick up her pubic region
  so that it didn't touch Jessica's thighs.  
"Six, thank you m'am, please let me worship your beautiful neck m'am."  
&lt; Smack! Smack! &gt;  
"This is getting redundant, enough with the body parts, be creative, you're
  an honors student aren't you?"  
Gloria couldn't believe how difficult this was becoming.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Six, thank you m'am, please let me worship the ground you walk on m'am"  
"Good, keep it up."  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
The pain was getting unbearable, Gloria's ass was turned from tan to red.
  And tears began to flow. She couldn't figure out why she was so wet. She was
  feeling so embarrassed. She couldn't be liking this, she thought to herself.  
"Seven, please let me worship your beautiful clothes m'am"  
"Ok, interesting&hellip;"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
The spanks continued until 17 when Gloria ran out of things to say.  
&lt; Smack! Smack! &gt;  
Gloria bucked and squirmed uncontrollably on her blond tormentor's lap as
  tears flowed from the pain. "My, my you little slut, you're so horny you can't
  even talk anymore. You're dirty little pussy has been leaking all over my thighs,
  I hope you haven't ruined my skirt. Now lets finish this up."  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Seventeen, thank you m'am, please let me worship your&hellip;  
Gloria still couldn't think of anything to say. For some reason, all she
  could think about was the clicking of Jessica's mother's high heals and her
  classy floral dress.  
"C'mon cunt, think of something!"  
"please let me worship your&hellip;. beautiful&hellip; mother's feet? M'am?"  
"You just get dirtier and dirtier by the minute, don't you slut? Answer me!"  
"Yes m'am, yes m'am," Gloria sobbed.  
"Unfortunately for you, I wouldn't ever let that bitch have anything of mine.
  And she won't ever know about any of this. But I guess I could do something
  to satisfy your horny desires. Stand up."  
Jessica went out of the room for a couple minutes and came back with some
  black lace panties.  
"I got this out of my mother's dirty clothes hamper. Now open your mouth."  
Gloria obeyed as Jessica stuffed the panties all the way in her mouth.  
"You are such a dirty dirt whore, are you happy now? Keep them in there and
  get over my knee."  
Gloria felt humiliated as she once again leaned over her classmates lap,
  this time with a middle aged woman's lace panties in her mouth.  
Jessica put one finger in Gloria's tight wet pussy. Gloria let out a moan
  while keeping the panties in her mouth.  
"I can't believe you much you like this. Are all little asian girls like
  you?"  
She kept the finger inside her as she massaged her red ass with her free
  hand and raised it again for a spank.  
&lt; Smack &gt;  
"Want to lick her feet? Want to stick your tongue in her pussy?  
&lt; Smack &gt;  
Gloria moaned and cried. Her little body uncontrollably writhed and wriggled
  on Jessica's finger.  
&lt; Smack &gt;  
"Can you taste her pussy in those panties, can you taste her ass? How much
  do you love it?"  
&lt; Smack &gt;  
Gloria body started pumping up and down Jessica's finger and her black hair
  flew around. Her moaning and breathing was out of control.  
Suddenly, Jessica took her finger out of Gloria's pussy and took her hand
  off of her ass. Gloria continued squirmed uncontrollably on her lap and eventually
  she started trying to hump her thigh.  
"Stand up," Jessica chuckled. "Take those panties out of your mouth."  
Gloria took the panties out of her mouth and put her head down in shame.
  What had she become?  
"If you want to hump my leg, you should act like a dog. Get on all fours."  
Gloria was being humiliated by the treatment but she couldn't lie to herself
  anymore. She was turned on beyond belief and needed more stimulation. She got
  down on her hands and knees and looked up at Jessica awaiting instructions.  
"Bark for me and beg like a dog. Then maybe I'll let you cum on my leg like
  a good little puppy. Is that what you want?"  
Gloria nodded, "yes m'am"  
"Then I don't want to hear you talk anymore, make some doggie noises for
  me bitch."  
Gloria started to bark, whimper, and pant and make the best puppy dog eyes
  she could at Jessica.  
While still sitting on the love seat, Jessica stuck out one of her toned
  and tan legs. You want this? Beg like a dog! Let me hear it.  
Gloria, whimpered and begged the best she could. She felt so humiliated but
  she didn't care anymore all she could think about was rubbing her pussy on
  that beautiful leg.  
"Come here my little puppy, hump my leg."  
Gloria crawled on all fours toward Jessica's outstretched leg. She straddled
  her leg and rested her head on the edge of the love seat. She then moaned as
  she closed her wet inner thighs around her blonde classmates leg and began
  to wildly pump her little body up and down while arching her back to create
  as much friction as she could.  
"Beg for me bitch! Look up at me, let me see those puppy dog eyes.  
Gloria continued to make more puppy noises as she looked up a Jessica. She
  couldn't believe how beautiful Jessica was looking to her now. She looked like
  a perfect Barbie doll.  
Jessica reached the back of her hand in front of Gloria's face. Gloria hungrily
  licked it like a puppy. Gloria pumped harder and harder as her little puppy
  whines became louder and louder.  
Jessica reached out her other hand and began to pat the top of Gloria's head.  
"What a good little puppy you are. Such a good little girl."  
Within seconds Gloria began to scream as her body shook on top of Jessica's
  leg. She continued to lap at Jessica's hand as she experienced multiple orgasms,
  the first in her young life.  
Chapter 4   
Completely spent, Gloria slumped off Jessica's glistening leg onto the floor.
  Her muscles completely relaxed as she pondered the events that had taken place. "I
  had no idea my body was capable of feeling this way," she thought to herself.
  Lying naked on the floor except for her bra and t-shirt, she somehow felt comfortable
  at the feet of her classmate. However, her moment of peace was short lived.  
"I had no idea you would cum so quick my little puppy, you are even dirtier
  than I thought," Jessica laughed. "You like licking feet? You like sucking
  on dirty panties? You like getting spanked and humping legs? I think I'm going
  to be a little harder on you. You are liking this way too much. From now on,
  you will ask my permission before you are allowed to cum. Now clean up your
  mess like a good little puppy."  
Gloria looked up at Jessica to see the juices left on her leg.  
"Do you have any tissue around m'am?" Jessica responded.  
&lt; Smack &gt; Jessica lifted her leg in the air and quickly smack Gloria's
  face with the bottom of her foot.  
"Clean it up with your tongue slut, and when did I give you permission to
  speak in words?"  
Gloria looked up in confusion  
"Well answer me dumb bitch, I asked you a question."  
Gloria wasn't sure what to do. She let out a quiet bark and hoped it pleased
  Jessica.  
"That's right, I never told you that you could start speaking! You must always
  follow my instructions!"  
Gloria leaned forward and saw that Jessica's leg was glistening wet from
  the top of her knee down to her ankle. The embarrassment overwhelmed her but
  she had no time to feel shameful, she knew she had to lick up her own juices
  before Jessica got angrier. She reluctantly stuck out her tongue and licked
  Jessica's toned leg up and down.  
"Now listen to me because I'm going to tell you something very important.
  From now on, you will always stay on all fours unless I tell you otherwise.
  If we are in public, you can stand but you must always keep your eyes down
  when around me. You will shave your pussy every morning. And you will wear
  your hair in pigtails every day. I don't want your hair tickling me next time
  I let you suck on something. You will never wear any type of underwear again
  unless I allow it. And since we haven't had a chance to find you some more
  suitable clothing yet, you need to wear something tomorrow at school that will
  please me. My slave must look slutty at all times. Understand?"  
"Ruff, ruff"  
"You better understand or there will be serious consequences for your disobedience.
  Now get out of here and go home. You've been here for three hours and my room
  is starting to smell like rice and pussy juice."  
Gloria reached for her panties and shorts. Had it only been three hours?
  She almost stood up to put her clothes on but remembered that she could not
  stand up while in Jessica's presence. She put her clothes on while she was
  on the ground and crawled out of Jessica's room. She remained on her hands
  and knees as she crawled all the way to her car.  
Gloria drove home to see her parents in the family room waiting for her.
  Her mother and father were both short and stature and looked young for being
  in their mid-40's. Both operated a Korean Restaurant that they also successfully
  owned.  
Gloria didn't want them to be suspicious of anything so she tried to act
  as normal as possible.  
"Hey mom, hey dad, sorry I missed dinner."  
"Hey Gloria, out with your boyfriend again?" her mother asked. I think you
  might be spending too much time with him. Have you been studying?"  
"Yes mom, I've been studying, everything's fine," Gloria replied, as she
  hurried upstairs to her room.  
"Well come get some left over dinner at least"  
"I will later," Gloria shouted as her bedroom door shut behind her. She decided
  to lay in bed to collect her thoughts. She cried as she thought about what
  had transpired. In a matter of hours she had broken up with her boyfriend,
  sucked on toes, got spanked, and pretended to be a dog in order to hump another
  girl's leg. She brainstormed to figure a way out of the situation. "I'm smart,
  I can get my way out of this," she thought. But nothing came to her.  
Gloria thought about studying but knew she would not be able to concentrate.
  She was overly stressed and completely exhausted. Eventually, the tears stopped
  flowing. She curled up in her in bed and hoped it would somehow go away. As
  she drifted asleep, visions of Jessica flashed through her mind. She couldn't
  stop thinking of her wicked face, her bleach blond hair, her feet, her toned
  legs, her cleavage, and the view up her skirt of her white panties. And why
  couldn't she stop hearing the clicking of Jessica's mother's high heels?  
Gloria awoke at 6:00 a.m., a full hour before her sleep alarm was set to
  go off. "Was this all a dream?" she thought to herself. But after a moment
  she realized that what had happened the day before was her reality and she
  had to face it. Or did she? She began to think about the consequences if she
  let Jessica tell her teacher about the plagiarized paper. She would definitely
  fail, and she wouldn't be able to get into any Ivy League Universities. She
  knew her parents would be extremely upset with her. But could it be worse than
  being forced to be a sexual slave to a blond bitch? Besides, she might be able
  to patch things up with Brad. She took her time and weighed her options.  
In the end, Gloria was convinced that she would just let Jessica expose her
  secret. It would ruin the perfect record she had worked so hard for, but she
  could still go on with her life.  
Satisfied with her solution, Gloria decided to sit at her computer desk to
  check her email and do some internet surfing. It was still 90 minutes before
  school was to begin. She opened her email inbox and saw that she had one new
  message. She gasped when she read who it was from: Jessica Kozlowski. She had
  sent it last night, a few hours after Gloria had left her house.  
Gloria was afraid what the message might contain but decided to open it anyway.
  Her heart sank as she read the message.  
  
 Dear slut,  
 Attached is a video I think you might like to watch. I edited it down to
  a ten minute clip and made sure to include your greatest hits. See you at school,
  and remember to follow the instructions I gave you.  
Gloria could not believe the lengths Jessica was going in order to blackmail
  her. Did she really tape her doing all of those nasty acts. "I would die before
  I let anyone see me do those things," Gloria thought.  
Reluctantly, Gloria decided to open the attachment to find out if her fear
  was actually true. The file began to play. Gloria watched a view of herself
  on her hands and knees at the foot of Jessica's ottoman with her mouth moving
  up and down Jessica's foot. The camera was placed carefully to avoid showing
  Jessica's face as she sat on her love seat.  
Gloria dove on her bed and cried uncontrollably. She realized that Jessica
  had planned the blackmail so well that there was nothing she could do to avoid
  her demands. She would have to serve as her slave and there was no way around
  it. As she lay on her bed, she could hear a faint sound from the video on her
  computer. It was the sound of slurping and moaning. She turned around to see
  herself furiously sucking on Jessica's foot. She watched in embarrassment for
  a moment and rushed into her bathroom  
Gloria wanted to rid her mind of what she had seen. She jumped in the shower
  in another attempt to collect her thoughts. As the water rushed down her back,
  she thought about what life might be like as Jessica's slave. She wondered
  what other sick things she would have her do. How would she make her worship
  next? All she knew is that she had to keep Jessica happy in order to keep that
  tape from getting out. She shaved her legs and remembered the instructions
  she had been given. She proceeded to shave her pubic hair completely. She thought
  it felt funny to be bare down there, it hadn't been hairless down there in
  years.  
Gloria stepped out of the shower. She tried to think of what to wear to please
  Jessica. She really didn't own any real slutty clothes but she knew she had
  to come up with something in order to avoid punishment. She decided on a short,
  tight white skirt and a low-cut black blouse. She reached into her closet to
  put on some panties but remembered that she wasn't allowed to wear any underwear.
  Out of the corner of her eye she could still see the video playing on her computer.
  She quickly put on her skirt and blouse and went back into the bathroom to
  do her makeup. She put on heavy eyeshadow, blush, and bright red lipstick.
  She thought she looked ridiculously slutty with the sexy clothes and makeup,
  but what made her feel even dirtier was the fact that her pussy was now bare
  and she was wearing her sexiest clothes to school with no underwear. Jessica's
  words reverberated in her mind: "my slave must look slutty at all times." She
  then remembered Jessica's instructions telling her wear pigtails. "This is
  going to be so embarrassing" she thought, as she finished drying and styling
  her hair.  
She stepped out of her bathroom to see the video still playing. "Why won't
  this video end?" she said to herself. Then she remembered her video player
  was set to repeat. She walked over to turn it off when she caught a glimpse
  of herself getting spanked. She sat down in her computer chair for a moment
  to watch her little body squirm and moan over Jessica's lap. "This is my reality
  now," she thought. She couldn't believe the words that came out of her mouth
  as she was being spanked. She could tell from the look on her face that she
  was thoroughly enjoying herself. She never knew she could be such a whore.
  She just had her first kiss not more than a month ago. As she watched, her
  attention became more and more engaged on the vision of herself writhing in
  pleasure on her classmate's lap. She began to remember what it felt like only
  a half day ago when she was in that humiliating position.  
Gloria sat up to lift her skirt. She reached down to feel her newly shaven
  pussy, slick with her juices. She pulled down her blouse with her other hand
  to allow her breasts to fall out in order to massage them. She allowed her
  mind to take her back to the humiliation and pleasure of being submissive to
  Jessica. She wanted to feel the orgasmic sensations again so badly. She moaned
  as she watched herself bark and pant helplessly at Jessica's feet.  
Suddenly, her sleep alarm went off and she came back to reality. She found
  herself sitting with her heels propped up on the end of her computer chair,
  her skirt up to her waist, her breasts popping out of her shirt, and a small
  wet stain in the middle of her seat.  
Disgusted with herself, she turned the power off on her computer and rushed
  to turn off her alarm. She got her clothes back in order and decided to open
  a book to get a little studying done before school started.  
Although Gloria knew her parents were not usually up at this hour, she hurried
  out of her house to make sure they wouldn't see her in the sexy clothes and
  makeup. She nervously drove to school knowing that her first class was going
  to be with Jessica. How would she be treated in public? Gloria only hoped she
  wouldn't take things too far.  
When Gloria arrived at school she could see everyone's head turn. She could
  feel the eyes of all the boys and girls on her. She decided to move quickly
  to class. She noticed that a few boys who didn't usually say much to her made
  sure to say hello today.  
She arrived at her Western Civilization class and nervously sat down in her
  seat at near the back of the room. She was still afraid that her teacher might
  somehow discover that she cheated. However, it didn't compare to the terror
  she felt from the thought of seeing Jessica again.  
Class began and Gloria was relieved to see that Jessica had not made it to
  class. However, after five minutes had passed, Jessica made a late entrance
  into class. She was wearing an expensive looking sundress, high heels, and
  sunglasses. She walked with a smirk on the way to her seat next to Gloria.  
"Glad to see you could make it miss Kozlowski," the history teacher remarked.  
With a full smile, Jessica took off her sunglasses and replied "sorry, I
  was working on some things late last night."  
Her eyes peered over to Gloria as she chuckled to herself.  
Gloria's body trembled as she looked over at Jessica. She couldn't believe
  how this bitch could seem so at ease about this whole situation.  
A few minutes into class, Jessica leaned over to Gloria.  
"Did you watch your video?"  
Gloria remembered that she hadn't yet been given the right to speak so she
  nodded and let out a quiet bark.  
Jessica smiled and laughed to herself for a moment.  
"You're so cute, I give you permission to speak."  
"Um&hellip; yes, I saw it."  
  
"Good, now meet me in the bathroom in two minutes."  
"Oh&hellip; god," Gloria thought to herself, what now?  
Jessica stood up, grabbed a hallpass, and walked out of the door. Gloria
  waited two minutes and grabbed her own hallpass as she walked out to go to
  the bathroom to meet her.  
Gloria opened the bathroom door and saw Jessica at the end of the room smoking.
  She made a quick scan of the rest of the room and didn't see anyone else.  
"Nice outfit. I must admit, I didn't think you could make yourself look so
  slutty. You are usually just so cute looking."  
Gloria blushed. She was embarrassed but felt proud that she was able to please
  Jessica.  
"Thank you m'am, I thought you might like it&hellip; m'am."  
"Aren't you forgetting something bitch?"  
"Um&hellip; I don't know m'am, am I?"  
"Get over here!"  
With her head down, Gloria walked to the other end of the bathroom and stood
  in front of her tormentor. Jessica reached her hand up and flicked her cigarette
  away.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Jessica grabbed Gloria by the neck with her left hand and gave her a hard
  slap with her right.  
"Don't you ever stand in my presence unless I tell you! Do you understand?"  
Gloria fell to her knees and as her eyes began to tear up.  
"I'm sorry m'am, I thought this still might be considered public."  
"Do you see anyone here?"  
"No, I'm sorry m'am," Gloria wimpered.  
"I was going to call you in here for a nice little conversation. But you've
  disrespected me, and now you're gonna have to make up for it. Aren't you?"  
"Yes m'am," Jessica replied hopelessly.  
"I remember you mentioned how you wanted to worship the ground I walk on.
  Do you remember that? I believe your pussy was leaking juice all over my lap
  at the time."  
"Yes m'am, I remember."  
"Now I want you to trace my footsteps from where I walked into this room
  and lick the floor, all the way to where I'm standing now."  
Gloria couldn't believe her ears. She couldn't do this. This was really crossing
  the line. But what other choice did she have?  
"Permission to ask a question m'am?"  
Jessica stared down at her slave with a disapproving face.  
"This better be good, you're wasting time. Although I couldn't give a shit
  about going back into that stupid class."  
"Um, m'am, what if someone walks in."  
"We'll just tell them you are looking for a lost contact or something. Now
  get going!"  
Gloria crawled to the doorway of the bathroom and stared down to the floor.
  She couldn't believe what she was about to do. She stuck out her tongue and
  touched it to the disgusting tile floor. It tasted like dirt and chemicals.
  She gagged for a moment and lightly ran her tongue across the floor toward
  where Jessica was standing.  
"You can do better. That is ground I walked on, worship it accordingly!"  
Gloria's heart sank. She put her more of her tongue and pretended to act
  more enthusiastic in order to gain some leniency from Jessica. She kept her
  tongue out without putting it back into her mouth in order to avoid the terrible
  taste.  
"That's better my little asian slavegirl."  
Gloria licked about four feet down the floor when she heard the bathroom
  door open. Gloria picked up her head and put her tongue back in her mouth.
  The taste in her mouth made her gag momentarily. Another girl walked in to
  find Gloria on her hands and knees..  
"Are you ok," the girl asked.  
"She just lost her contact," Jessica answered.  
"I'm fine," Gloria remarked.  
The girl walked into one of the stalls and locked the door. Jessica pointed
  to the floor, directing Gloria to continue. Gloria gulped, stuck out her tongue
  and continued to lick the floor. She hoped the girl couldn't see her through
  a crack in the door. She licked a few more feet before the girl opened the
  lock on the stall. Gloria picked her head up before the girl walked out.  
"Do you need some help finding your contact?"  
"Oh no, she'll be fine," Jessica replied.  
The girl washed her hands as Gloria pretended to look on the ground. After
  the girl left the room she began licking again.  
"How does it feel to worship the ground I walk on slut?"  
Gloria was not amused. She wished she had the guts to fight back, but knew
  she could only obey.  
:"It feels good m'am because you walked here m'am."  
She licked and licked until she made a trail that finally reached Jessica's
  feet.  
"Don't touch my shoe slut, I don't want that dirty tongue of yours touching
  anything of mine. Now do you understand the importance of following my directions?"  
"Yes m'am," Gloria replied, still on all fours, looking up at Jessica.  
"Now I have a question for you and I want you to answer me honestly. Did
  you like licking that dirty bathroom floor? If you say no, its ok, as long
  as you're being honest to me and yourself."  
"Umm&hellip; No, it was really gross, please don't make me do things like
  that again m'am"  
"Stand up."  
As Gloria stood up, Jessica dragged her to the side of the room behind the
  stalls out of view from the door. Jessica then reached up Gloria's skirt from
  behind and easily slid her left index finger into Gloria's pussy. Shocked,
  Gloria let out a loud moan. With her right hand Jessica gripped Gloria's cute
  face firmly, pressing her cheeks together, forcing Gloria's mouth open slightly.
  Gloria took a small hop back in surprise, but Jessica kept a grip on her face
  and stirred her finger inside of her. She pulled Gloria's face directly in
  front of her own. In a quiet, but stern voice she chastised Gloria.  
"I knew it, I knew you liked it, and you lied to me. You are such a dirty
  slut, you got wet from licking the floor. It was meant to be a punishment,
  but I guess you really do like worshiping the ground I walk on, don't you slut?"  
Gloria breathed heavily and her eyes became teary. At the same time her body
  started moving uncontrollably from the motion of Jessica's finger inside of
  her newly shaven pussy. She tried to respond to Jessica's question but it was
  difficult with Jessica's grip on her face.  
"I don't know why I'm wet, m'am. I didn't want to lie to you. I'm sorry," she
  whispered in a muffled voice.  
"Tell me you liked licking the bathroom floor."  
Gloria found it difficult to talk. She was getting so turned on from her
  pussy being fingered and she could barely move her lips due to the grip Jessica
  was putting on her cheeks.  
"I liked licking the bathroom floor m'am"  
"Tell me how wet you would be if you had the privilege of cleaning that toilet
  seat for me."  
Gloria cringed at the thought of doing something so disgusting, but she knew
  better than to disrespect Jessica again.  
"Cleaning your toilet seat would make me so wet m'am"  
Gloria's knees suddenly buckled from the stimulation but she managed to remain
  standing.  
"Why slut, tell me why you would get so wet from licking my toilet seat?"  
"Because you are so beautiful m'am"  
"Why else would it get you wet slut?"  
"Because if the way you talk to me. I would do anything to please you m'am"  
Jessica put another finger into Gloria, causing her to moan loudly.  
"I know you would slut."  
"Oh my god, that feels so good m'am."  
Worried that she might cum without her permission, Jessica took her fingers
  out of her pussy and took her hand off her face.  
"You aren't trying to cum without my permission are you?"  
"No m'am, I wouldn't do that, no m'am. May I please cum? Will you let me?&hellip; m'am?  
Gloria felt so desperate, she couldn't deny her body now. She would do anything
  to feel an orgasm again.  
Jessica reached up the front of Gloria's skirt began to pump her fingers
  in and out of Gloria. Gloria spread legs slightly to allow Jessica's fingers
  to move deeper.  
"You wanna cum? Do ya?"  
"Yes m'am"  
"Show me the side of your face slut"  
Gloria was afraid of what Jessica was going to do to her but decided to obey
  by turning her head to the side.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Gloria received a hard slap to her face and turned toward Jessica with a
  helpless look. Jessica took her fingers out of Gloria's pussy.  
"Did I tell you to turn toward me? No! Do you want to cum or not? Now show
  me the side of your face and tell me what you want me to do to it."  
"Please slap me m'am"  
Gloria hated being slapped but she would have to endure it if she wanted
  to cum. She turned her head to the side again.  
Jessica put her fingers back in and moved them inside Gloria's drenched pussy.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
After a few moments, Jessica stopped moving her fingers and stared at Gloria.
  Gloria realized she would have to ask for each slap in order for Jessica to
  keep her fingers moving.  
"Oh, I'm sorry, please slap me again?&hellip; m'am?"  
"That's better slut."  
To Gloria's relief, Jessica began moving her fingers again.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Thank you m'am Please slap me again m'am. Jessica moved her fingers in and
  out faster and faster.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Please slap me again m'am"  
Gloria wimpered as tears flowed down her face. Her body wriggled on Jessica's
  fingers.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
Gloria moaned loudly but realized she better keep her voice down in case
  someone heard her from outside the bathroom.  
"Please slap me again m'am," she whined quietly with her face turned.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Oh, please slap me again m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Again m'am, oh slap me m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Ohhh, m'am thank you. Please slap me again m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Dirty Asian slut!"  
Jessica grabbed Gloria's chin and turned her head to the other side.  
"Slap me again m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Oh my god, m'am&hellip; oh please slap me again"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Thank you, please slap me again m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Thank you, thank you, slap me m'am"  
Gloria's hips rocked wildly to create more friction with Jessica's fingers.
  She knew she was close to cumming. She pulled down her blouse to massage her
  own breasts. Her teary eyes rolled back into her head as her allowed her mind
  to drift from reality.  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Slap me again please m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Slap me, slap me, m'am slap me"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Ohhhh&hellip;m'am&hellip; Oh &hellip;. m'am&hellip; m'am&hellip; I love
  you. Slap me"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Please slap me harder m'am"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Oh yea&hellip;. oh&hellip; slap me harder m'am!"  
&lt; Smack! &gt;  
"Harder m'am, harder!"  
Suddenly, they heard a screech from the other side of the room. Someone was
  coming in. Jessica took her finger out of Gloria and smoothly walked to the
  sink to wash her hands. Gloria jumped back further away from view, fixed up
  her clothes, and turned toward the wall hoping she would not be seen. Her heart
  sank as she heard Jessica begin to talk.  
"Hello Nicole"  
Nicole was a cut 5 foot 4 inch brunette who happened to be Gloria's best
  friend on the cheerleading squad. Surely, Nicole would want to know what she
  was doing standing toward the wall with her hands over her face. She didn't
  want her to see her this way.  
"What's up Jessica?" Nicole replied.  
Gloria moved into the corner, hoping Nicole wouldn't see her behind the stalls.  
Jessica finished cleaning her hands and walked out of the bathroom. Nicole
  saw someone in the mirror facing the corner. Wondering what was going on, she
  walked over to investigate.  
"Gloria, are you alright?"  
Gloria tried to get herself together. She continued to face the corner while
  keeping her hands over her face.  
"I'm fine, just leave me alone, I'll be ok."  
"Did that bitch Jessica say something to you?"  
"No, I just had something really painful in my eye, its really embarrassing.
  Actually, Jessica tried to help me with it."  
"Do you want me to call a school nurse?"  
"No, please don't, just leave me alone for now, ok?"  
"Ok, if you say so."  
Nicole entered a stall and shut the door.  
Look, I heard you and Brad broke up. I'm really sorry. If you wanna talk,
  let me know ok?"  
"Ok, thanks. Hey my eye is fine now, I'll talk to you later," Gloria remarked,
  as she scurried toward the door. She got a quick glance of herself in the mirror.
  She could see her face was noticeably red and swollen.  
Gloria covered her face as she made her way out of the building to the parking
  lot. She hadn't missed a day of school in years but she knew she couldn't walk
  into class with her face looking the way it did. When she made it into her
  car, she used her rear view mirror to look at herself. Her eyes were bloodshot
  and her makeup had run all over. Her face was severely swollen. She wondered
  how she got herself into such a horrible position. "Oh my god, what's happening
  to me?"  
Chapter 5   
Gloria knew she probably looked like a mess. She didn't want to go back into
  the school and she thought she shouldn't go home and risk being seen by her
  parents. She sat in her car for a few moments and put her head down in an attempt
  to regain her sanity.  
&lt; knock.. knock &gt;  
Gloria quickly glanced up to see Jessica at her car door. She rolled down
  the window to see what her tormentor wanted.  
"My poor little baby, are you ok in there?"  
"I'll be ok m'am," Gloria whimpered as she pointed her tear filled eyes downward. "I
  just don't think I should be seen like this right now."  
"Well my little whore, you are probably right. I wouldn't want any slave
  of mine looking the way you do right now. Go home and skip the day of school."  
"Um&hellip;yes m'am&hellip; but.. I can't go home, my parents own a restaurant
  and they don't go to work until later. Sometimes my mom stays home all day.
  I can't go back there."  
"Well, I guess you can stay at my house. Here is the key. If my mom is there,
  just tell her you got into a fight at school and are too embarrassed to go
  home. My mom will be cool, don't worry."  
"Um&hellip; ok m'am, thank you"  
"You owe me big for this, I expect you to be an extra good little slut when
  I get back. Do you understand?"  
"Yes m'am, thank you m'am, I will be extra good m'am."  
"Good, now I have to get back to this pathetic piece of crap we call a school."  
Jessica turned around and walked briskly toward the building.  
Gloria felt nervous about returning to Jessica's house but knew that it was
  her only option. She drove back to Jessica's beautiful home and knocked on
  the door to see if her mother was home. Not hearing an answer, she used the
  key to enter the home. She decided to walk upstairs to Jessica's room. When
  she arrived she was quickly reminded of the events of the previous day. She
  gulped as she looked at the couch where she was spanked and willfully begged
  like a sex-starved puppy. She decided to lie down on the bed and try to gather
  herself and perhaps gain some well-needed sleep. As she relaxed, she couldn't
  help but notice that she still has an overwhelming urge to cum. She was so
  close at school and really needed a release. "This will probably help me sleep," she
  rationalized to herself as she reached down to massage her clit. Her mind quickly
  jumped to the thought of Jessica's gorgeous body. She couldn't believe how
  lucky she was to be able to touch it.  
She lightly rubbed her clit for ten minutes but wasn't able to make herself
  cum. She hadn't even thought about touching herself until very recently so
  she wasn't very good at it. Her mind began to think of all the sick things
  she had enjoyed over the past day and she felt more and more turned on. She
  hated to admit it but the thought of doing dirty things made her hornier than
  anything.  
Suddenly, Gloria had an idea. She got up from the bed and made her way to
  Jessica's walk-in closet. She opened the door and looked at the clothes and
  shoes on the floor. She noticed a pile of clothes on the floor and a huge shoe
  rack on the right side of the closet. She got down on her knees and grabbed
  one of Jessica's flip-flops. She placed the flip-flop on the ground in front
  of her as her hand went back between her thighs. She leaned down to the floor
  and stuck out her tongue to lick it the flip-flop. She moaned as she took bigger
  and bigger licks. Her hand moved faster between her thighs.  
Gloria grabbed more shoes from the closet. Suddenly, tennis shoes, high heels,
  and sandals lay in front of her. She leaned down again and cleaned each one
  after the other with her tongue. Her head furiously traced every portion of
  each shoe as her tongue left her saliva on every spot.  
Her head turned to the clothes on the floor. She reached over to hunt through
  them until she saw white cotton panties. She placed them on the floor inside-out
  and licked the crotch portion of the panties as her hips moved from the movements
  of her hand. She decided to lay on her back on put the panties in her mouth.
  She moaned out loud as she continued to massage her clit. With the panties
  still in her mouth, she looked over to the pile of clothes again. She quickly
  looked through the heap of clothes until she found a couple more pairs of panties.
  She found a red thong and a pair of blue cotton panties. Gloria then took the
  white panties out of her mouth and folded them inside-out along with the others.
  She took the crotch portion of all three panties and placed them in her mouth
  with the rest of the material sticking out. She laid back down and continued
  to touch herself.  
She moaned as her body bounced on the floor in the closet.  
&lt; Slam &gt;  
Gloria's body jerked and ceased moving as she realized that Jessica's mother
  had gotten back home. Gloria quickly threw the clothes back into the closet
  and shut the doors. She tried to get herself back together as she knew she
  would have to explain to Jessica's mother why she was in her home. She grabbed
  Jessica's blanket and used it to dry off her soaked pussy. She looked at herself
  in the mirror, and straightened herself out the best she could. She opened
  the door to introduce herself again.  
"Hello? Ms. Kozlowski?"  
Gloria walked slowly to the staircase.  
"Well, hello there, um&hellip;you're Jessica's friend right?"  
Gloria's eyes opened wide as she was again stunned by the presence of the
  blonde woman. Today she was wearing black spandex shorts and a white sports
  bra with white tennis shoes. Gloria couldn't help but notice her perfect set
  of abs and surgically enhanced breasts.  
"Yes Ms. Kozlowski. I'm Gloria. Jessica told me I could stay here for a few
  hours. I'm sorry but, I got into a fight at school and I'm too embarrassed
  to go home. My parents would be really mad at me."  
"I understand dear, bless you're heart."  
Gloria detected a slight southern accent from the blonde woman.  
"Let me get you some ice for that red face of yours."  
Gloria walked downstairs and followed her into the kitchen. She sat down
  as Jessica's mother prepared an ice pack.  
"Thank you so much for helping me Ms. Kozlowski."  
"That's alright dear. Do you want anything to drink? I just got back from
  a run so I'm gonna make a fresh pitcher of lemonade."  
Gloria felt extremely thirsty so she readily accepted.  
They sat for the next few minutes chit chatting as Jessica's mother helped
  Gloria hold the ice pack on her face. Gloria blushed when the woman told her
  that she liked her outfit. "She had to be joking," she thought. "I look like
  such a slut in this outfit." They continued to talk and Gloria's swelling began
  to come down. Gloria eyes unintentionally glanced all over the older woman's
  tight body. "I know where Jessica gets her looks from," she thought to herself.  
"Lets sit on the couch and watch some soaps, that should make you feel better
  dear."  
"Ok, that sounds good m'am"  
Gloria noticed that the word "m'am" had a whole new meaning to her now. She
  instantly flashed back to school where she was so close to cumming from the
  manipulation of this blond woman's daughter.  
They sat on the couch and watched TV. As time passed, Gloria felt more comfortable
  and her mind began to wonder if Jessica's mother was like Jessica. She thought
  about would it would be like to worship her tight sculpted body. As time passed,
  she was unable to consciously pay attention to the TV. Her eyes glanced more
  and more frequently at the older woman's tanned legs. She decided to get up
  to go to the bathroom.  
Gloria shut the bathroom door behind her. She shut her eyes as her right
  hand lifted up her skirt and drifted between her legs. She began to think of
  Jessica and the way she slapped her and how it almost made her cum. She felt
  guilty for thinking these things but couldn't resist. She really needed to
  cum since she wasn't able to back in the school bathroom and upstairs in Jessica's
  closet. She decided to fantasize again in the hopes of quickly making herself
  cum. She got more and more wet as her mind shifted to Jessica's leg and how
  it felt to hump it like a puppy. She moaned as she got closer and closer to
  climax. She began to wonder if Jessica's mother was the same way. Maybe her
  mom would make her act like a puppy too. The thought of humping one of her
  long legs made Gloria moan out loud, catching herself off guard. All of the
  sudden, a dirty thought entered her head. Was Jessica's mother like her daughter?
  Gloria was determined to find out.  
She got her skirt in order, dried offer her pussy with a tissue and washed
  her hands before heading out of the bathroom to the couch where Jessica's sexy
  mother sat.  
"Miss Kozlowski?"  
"Yes, dear."  
"I want to thank you for helping me out today, I really appreciate it."  
"That's ok hun, I know you had a tough day."  
"Um m'am, do your feet hurt from running today?"  
"A little, but I'm used to running a few times a week."  
"Um&hellip; because in my family we believe in massage therapy and I know
  how to give really good foot massages."  
"Well, alright dear, so you've given a lot of foot massages before?"  
"Oh yea, quite a few. It's a part our culture. I just want to repay you for
  your kind service."  
Gloria told a blatant lie, her family never gave massages, but she just felt
  that she had to lure Jessica's mother into letting her touch her beautiful
  body.  
Gloria licked her lips. She knelt down on the floor by the couch as adrenaline
  shot through her body. She couldn't believe she was trying to seduce this woman,
  but it felt so exciting. She began to untie the blond woman's shoes.  
"I'll get those, you don't have to untie my shoes dear."  
"No m'am, just lay back, relax, and watch TV. I'll get them m'am"  
Gloria felt more turned on every time she said the word m'am. She untied
  her shoes and peeled off her white socks, still damp from the morning jog.  
Gloria's mouth watered as she stared at the middle-aged woman's bare feet.
  She began to massage her right foot with her hands, savoring the touch of her
  skin. She could feel her bare pussy getting wet again underneath her skirt.  
"How does that feel m'am, does that feel good m'am?"  
"Yes dear, that feels nice."  
Gloria massaged for a few more minutes as she hoped the woman would start
  barking out orders like Jessica always does. Gloria imagined what it would
  be like to suck on her gorgeous toes. She was so tempted to lean forward and
  kiss them but she was too afraid to try it.  
"You can stop now dear, you don't have to massage my feet all day. Why don't
  you sit back on the couch?"  
Gloria felt so disappointed. It seemed as if she wasn't like her manipulative
  daughter. Still, she wished she could massage the woman's feet all day.  
"Not yet m'am, I still haven't started on your other foot yet."  
"Ok dear, but you don't have to do this."  
"No, I like giving massages m'am."  
Gloria reached for the woman's other leg and began massaging it as sensually
  as she could. She wanted so badly to kiss her toes. She raised the bottom of
  the woman's foot near her face and imagined kissing it. Gloria moved her face
  closer and closer to her dangling foot. She couldn't believe how excited she
  felt from the thought of kissing this woman's foot. "I would do anything to
  kiss it," she thought. Gloria subtly rubbed her own thighs together in order
  to stimulate herself without looking suspicious. She could feel her slick juices
  sticking between her legs. Her little hands massaged a slightly higher up Jessica's
  mothers leg until she was able to massage her muscular calf. Gloria tried to
  conceal her heavy breathing but she was becoming short of breath. "I can't
  believe how good this feels," she thought.  
Gloria decided to take a chance, she leaned a little closer and placed her
  lips on the bottom of the woman's foot and gave her a light kiss. Gloria heart
  pounded and her mouth salivated as she planted a slightly stronger kiss on
  the woman's heel. She lightly kissed all the way up the bottom of her foot
  until she came to the toes. Gloria looked up at the woman as she opened her
  mouth to suck on her big toe. Gloria put the woman's entire toe in her mouth.
  Her eyes closed in sheer ecstasy. She slowly bobbed her head up and down as
  the wonderful taste of the woman's sweat entered her mouth. Suddenly, the foot
  jerked from Gloria's mouth.  
"What are you doing Gloria!"  
"Um&hellip; I'm sorry m'am, I thought it would make your feet feel better."  
"Gloria, sit up here on the couch."  
Completely embarrassed, Gloria reluctantly sat back onto the couch. Reality
  set in as she pondered what she had just done. She had tried unsuccessfully
  to worship the feet of an older woman. "I am such an idiot," she thought as
  she sat on the couch for a few minutes. Red-faced, Gloria sat up from the couch.  
"I'm just going to take a nap in Jessica's room until she gets back, ok?"  
"That's ok dear."  
"Oh, and Ms. Kozlowski?"  
"Yes?"  
"Please don't tell Jessica about the um&hellip; massage."  
"Ok dear, I won't"  
Gloria scurried upstairs and walked into Jessica's room. She dove onto the
  bed and buried her face in a pillow, wondering when the series humiliations
  would end.  
Chapter 6   
Gloria drifted asleep in Jessica's bed, allowing her body to receive some
  well needed rest. She awoke to see Jessica walking over to her.  
"Feeling better little slut?" Jessica remarked, standing over Gloria with
  her hands on her hips.  
"Yes m'am, thank you for letting me stay here m'am."  
Gloria looked over to the clock, it was already 11:00 p.m.  
"Your face looks as good as new. You should thank me. Now, are you ready
  to be an extra good slut?"  
"Um yes, I will do whatever you want m'am"  
"I know you will, but a good little slave will do what I want without asking"  
Gloria got off the bed and on to her knees. She looked up at Jessica as she
  put her hands on the sides of Jessica's legs. She slid her hands up her thighs
  and began to raise Jessica's dress. She moved her head forward to see Jessica's
  tan thong panties.  
"You want to lick my pussy don't you."  
"Yes, m'am, do you want me to?"  
"Maybe if you deserve it one day. You need more training. Stand up. We are
  going to go shopping for a bit and then I will drop you off at home. You've
  spent enough time here already, my room is starting to stink. Now put on your
  makeup again and fix yourself up to get ready to go."  
"Yes, m'am."  
Gloria knew her parents would be worried about her been gone so late, but
  realized that her parents were the least of her fears at this point. Jessica
  drove Gloria to a Walmart, a half-hour out of town. Jessica led Gloria to the
  children's section.  
"Ok slut, I know you don't have much of a budget, so we will have to find
  some appropriate clothes for you over here."  
Jessica grabbed some t-shirts on the racks that were meant for little girls.  
"Um m'am, do you think I can fit into those, I think those shirts are for
  six year olds."  
Jessica sighed and glared at her.  
"Sorry m'am, I shouldn't have questioned you."  
Jessica shook her head as she reached for a pair of denim shorts. Gloria
  couldn't believe how small they were, she knew she couldn't fit into them.  
"Here you go, try these on in the dressing room and walk out to show me how
  they look."  
"Yes m'am."  
Gloria looked around the store as she approached the dressing room. She was
  relieved to see that there were not that many people left in the store. "Its
  going to be so embarrassing to be seen in these tiny clothes," she thought.  
Gloria took off her clothes and picked up first shirt. It was a yellow shirt
  with a Pokemon character on the front. She tried to put it on but the collar
  wouldn't fit around her head. She knew Jessica would be upset at her if she
  didn't put it on, so she kept trying. She decided to widen the collar by stretching
  it out with her hands. Luckily, the shirt was made with cheap, thin cotton.
  Eventually, she barely fit it over her head. When she finally had the shirt
  on, it fit ridiculously tight on her body. The bottom did not cover any of
  her stomach, and she could easily see her nipples popping through the material.  
Gloria reached for the denim shorts. She thought they couldn't possibly fit
  but she tried to put them on anyway. After struggling for a few minutes, she
  surprisingly was able to squeeze the shorts up her thighs, but she could not
  zip up the shorts at all and was far from being able to button them. She looked
  at herself in the mirror. She thought she looked like a big kid playing dress
  up. She was wearing the tiny children's clothes, pig-tails, and bright colored
  makeup. She opened the door to show Jessica.  
"I like the look of that shirt, that's my little whore&hellip; What happened
  with the shorts?"  
"I'm sorry ma'm, but I couldn't zip them up."  
"Slut, I'm sure you don't even weigh a hundred pounds, anything should fit
  on that dirty little asian body of yours. If I can zip up these shorts on you
  at all, you are going to be in some trouble. Now suck in your stomach."  
Jessica grabbed the zipper on Gloria's shorts and yanked up on it. There
  was no movement at first, but with some more effort, she was able to move the
  zipper up half way.  
"How is it that I can zip up your own shorts better than you? Do you enjoy
  lying to me or are you just stupid?"  
"I don't know m'am, I'm sorry."  
"I know you are. Go back to the dressing room, cut three inches off the bottom
  of these shorts, and put them back on. That's what you are wearing the rest
  of the day. You don't need to try on those other shirts, they are all the same
  size as the one you have on."  
Jessica reached into her purse and pulled out a pair of scissors and handed
  them to Gloria. Gloria cut three inches from the shorts as instructed and squeezed
  what was left of them up her thighs. She sucked in her stomach and was able
  to zip up the shorts half way with the button left undone. She saw that the
  bottom of the shorts did not cover the bottom of her butt. She decided to just
  try and shut the embarrassment out of her mind as she walked back out into
  the store. "At least there shouldn't be anyone she knew in the store and there
  wouldn't be any children in the store this late," she thought.  
Gloria shamefully walked behind Jessica through the store. She had never
  shown so much skin in public. She saw everyone staring at her as she walked
  through the enormous store. She followed her cruel tormentor to the pet section.  
"Ok slut, since you like being a little doggy for me, I thought we should
  get you some collars. Which one do you want to wear right now?"  
Gloria's jaw dropped. She tried to think of something to say but knew all
  she could do was obey.  
"Um&hellip; m'am, how about this one."  
Gloria pointed to a thin red collar with rhinestones.  
"I like that one too, now put it on."  
Gloria fastened it around her neck as Jessica reached for a thin red leash
  to match the collar. Jessica hooked the leash to the collar as Gloria trembled
  nervously.  
"Aww, that looks so cute. You are such a cute little puppy. Now you will
  act like a good little puppy. No more talking. You can bark once for "yes" and
  twice for "no." Understand, my horny little puppy?"  
"Yes m'am, um&hellip; I mean, ruff"  
"Good, now get on all fours. I want you to sway your ass as you walk and
  keep a nice big smile on your face. I want a happy puppy. And you should be
  very happy to have the privilege of being my puppy, don't you think?"  
"Ruff"  
Gloria got down on her hands and knees and watched Jessica pick out a few
  more collars and leashes. She could feel adrenaline pumping throughout her
  body. She couldn't help but acknowledge to herself that she was getting excited
  from the degrading treatment.  
Gloria followed Jessica around the store, crawling on her hands and knees
  on the end of her leash. She made sure to move her ass around and keep a smile
  on her face. She knew her ass was half visible but tried to shut the embarrassment
  out of her mind. She noticed several people glancing at her and walking past
  her moments later to glance at her again. Jessica brought her by the dressing
  room and stopped.  
"Ok slut, this is where you prove your worth. If you ever want the privilege
  of licking my pussy you will have to be trained. Within the next 20 minutes,
  you will have to pick a woman out at this store and bring her to orgasm one
  way or another in the dressing room. I will point one out for you and you will
  bark and let me know if that's the one you want. I will bring her over and
  you can take care of the rest. You only have 20 minutes, after that, I can
  choose whoever I want from the store."  
Gloria body went numb. "How can I do this," she wondered. Her body began
  to shake as Jessica began pointing out women in the store to her.  
"How about that one?" Jessica asked as she pointed to a fat middle-aged woman.  
"Ruff, Ruff"  
Gloria figured if she had to go through with this it might as well be a decent
  looking woman. Jessica pointed to another overweight woman, this time a Walmart
  worker who appeared to be younger and Hispanic.  
"Ruff, Ruff"  
Several others walked by in the next ten minutes and Gloria wondered if any
  half-way decent looking woman would walk by. There really weren't many people
  left in the store so late in the evening. Suddenly, a black woman walked close
  by and stared at Gloria with a disgusted face and walked away briskly.  
"What about her, she's not bad." Jessica commented.  
The woman looked like she was about 5 foot 7, in her mid twenties, with a
  very slim waist and a curvy body. She was wearing tight jeans and a basketball
  jersey with a sports bra underneath. She looked fairly well kept and physically
  fit. The woman's ass was fairly large but looked good on her tight frame. Gloria
  thought there probably wasn't any chance she would do better than her.  
"C'mon slut, don't you like that ghetto ass?"  
"Ruff"  
Jessica smirked. "Oh, you want to bury your face in that ass, huh?"  
Gloria paused.  
"C'mon whore, do you or don't you?"  
"Ruff"  
"Ok, wait in the dressing room, I'll go get her."  
Jessica walked off and caught up with the black woman.  
"Hey, do you want to make 10 dollars in just a few minutes?" Jessica asked.  
"I don't think so," the woman responded.  
"No it's really easy, let me show you something."  
"Look girl, don't mess with me."  
"Trust me, let me show you something."  
"Ok, but don't waste my time, its late."  
Jessica led her over to the dressing room and opened the door. Gloria was
  waiting on her hands and knees.  
"What the hell is going on here," the woman asked.  
"This is my puppy. She is very obedient. Aren't you my obedient little puppy
  wuppy?" Jessica asked as she grabbed the end of the leash.  
"Ruff"  
The black woman chuckled to herself. She appeared shocked but intrigued at
  the same time.  
"Watch, reach out your hand."  
Jessica gently grabbed the woman's wrist and pulled her hand down toward
  Gloria. Then she tugged on Gloria's leash, making her move forward. Gloria
  stuck out her tongue and licked the back of the woman's hand.  
"Ok, seriously, what the fuck is going on here?" the woman asked.  
"Ok, let me ask you a question," Jessica responded. "Isn't my puppy cute?"  
"She is a cute girl, but she is dressed like a slut. And why do you treat
  her like a dog?"  
"She likes to do what she is told. I'm sure you can tell that she is very
  horny, just look at her."  
"Um&hellip; ok, but what do you want from me."  
"My horny little puppy told me that she wants to lick you until you cum.
  Honestly, you can do whatever you want with her, and she would like to pay
  you 10 dollars for satisfying her horny desires. Won't you puppy wuppy?"  
"Ruff"  
"This is bullshit," the woman remarked.  
"No, go right on in, she will do whatever you want until you're satisfied.
  I will watch out for anyone who walks by and make sure nobody sees what's going
  on"  
"Look, I'm not a lesbian, find someone else for this"  
Jessica grabbed the black woman's shoulders and stared into her eyes. She
  leaned into her ear and whispered to her.  
"I know you aren't a lesbian, but look at this girl. When are you ever gonna
  be able to do something like this with a girl that looks like that. It's a
  once in a lifetime chance.  
"How old is this bitch, she looks like she's twelve."  
"No, she's 18, she is my college roommate."  
The black woman licked her lips for a second and paused. "You serious, you
  ain't shittin me?"  
The woman paused for a while and looked Gloria over. She shook her head and
  walked in the dressing room. Jessica handed her the end of the leash.  
"Ok, I will stand over here and make sure nobody sees. Remember, she isn't
  done until she makes you cum. And by the way, she told me that she wants to
  bury her face in your ass, something you might want to try."  
"You girls are crazy," the woman remarked as she shut the door behind her.  
Gloria stared up at the woman nervously as she awaited orders. The black
  woman slowly unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to her knees. Then she
  pulled down her pink cotton panties. Gloria stood up on her knees and stared
  into the woman's pussy. The woman bent down, grabbed Gloria's pigtails, and
  slowly leaned in to kiss her. She then reached her hands down to feel Gloria's
  breasts through her shirt.  
"Stand up," the woman said as she yanked on Gloria's leash.  
Gloria stood up and the woman rubbed her hands over Gloria's little body.
  Gloria could feel the woman's hands trembling as they caressed her entire body.
  She turned Gloria around and had her bend over so that she could massage Gloria's
  tight ass. She reached down and massaged Gloria's pussy through her damp denim
  shorts. Gloria let out a slight moan.  
"Goddam," the woman whispered. "You like this, huh?  
"Ruff," Gloria responded in a light voice.  
The woman chuckled. She turned Gloria around and made her get on her knees
  again. She yanked the leash, pulling her toward her pussy.  
Gloria was nervous, she had never licked a woman's pussy before. She leaned
  forward and placed her tongue on the woman's clit. It tasted salty and not
  particularly pleasant. She psyched herself up. She knew if she didn't make
  the woman cum, she might be here all night. She leaned in closer and put her
  lips on her pussy, sucking lightly on the woman's clit. The woman let out a
  moan, and Gloria moaned back, hoping it would turn the woman on to hear her.  
Gloria licked and sucked for a few minutes as the moans grew louder and louder.
  The woman grabbed her pigtails and pulled them harder and harder toward her,
  forcing Gloria's head to bob back in forth as her faced was pressed into her
  crotch.  
The black woman then turned around and Gloria stared at her plump yet firm
  ass. Gloria went with the moment, and traced her tongue up and down the woman's
  crack. The woman pressed Gloria's face in harder as she massaged her own clit.
  Gloria dug her tongue into her ass, trying to make her cum.  
"Lay on the ground you little slut," the woman commanded as she turned around.  
Gloria got down from her knees and laid on her back. The black woman quickly
  took off her basketball jersey, sports bra, and kicked off her panties. She
  knelt down over Gloria's face so that her pussy was right above her mouth.
  Then she spread out her legs and did the splits so that it laid directly against
  Gloria's mouth. Gloria put her tongue in and out of her pussy and sucked on
  her clit. The moaned as she woman swayed her hips back and forth, humping Gloria's
  face while pulling on her pigtails. Gloria's moans were muffled by the black
  pussy that consumed her mouth. Gloria's hands found their way to the woman's
  large ass, she squeezed it tightly as she tried her best to make her cum. Eventually
  the woman broke down and came on top of Gloria.  
"Oh my god! You fucking whore! Oh my god!" she exclaimed.  
Gloria's face was slick with juices from the woman sliding her pussy all
  over her face. Gloria sat up and wiped herself off. The black woman got dressed
  and tried to catch her breath. When they stepped out, Jessica handed the woman
  her ten dollars and got her phone number.  
Gloria felt so used. She knew Jessica was going to make her the biggest slut
  in town. She quickly tried to think of how she could get out of the situation
  but once again remembered it was a lost cause and put her mind to the task
  at hand, pleasing Jessica.  
Jessica purchased the clothing, collars and leashes with Gloria's money.
  In the car on the way back, Gloria was allowed to change her clothes before
  they returned to Jessica's house. Not much was said on the way back home. Gloria
  couldn't talk anyways because she knew she was only allowed to bark.  
"Back home, finally," Jessica remarked. "Why did you have to take so long
  to make that bitch cum, you're really gonna have to get better slut. Anyway,
  I have other plans tomorrow so you should stay home and be with your family
  before they get too worried about you. But plan on spending the night here
  on Friday, got it my puppy wuppy?  
"Ruff"  
Gloria crawled into her car and began her drive home. She knew it would be
  difficult to explain to her parents why she was out so late, but she didn't
  really care anymore. It was time to rest and she was going to enjoy her time
  as a normal person at home tomorrow. Then again, she knew Friday would be another
  story.  
Chapter 7 
&lt;BUZZ&gt; 
Gloria groaned as she hit the snooze button on her alarm. It was Friday morning,
  she had finally received a decent nights sleep but it still didn't seem like
  enough. Nevertheless, she was so gratefull to Jessica for allowing her to rest
  the day before. She was able to catch up on some homework and spend some time
  with her parents. However, she knew tonight would be a different story since
  Jessica had plans for her. She layed in bed a little longer, savoring the feeling
  of being normal for a short time. She knew that soon should would have to obey
  all of Jessica's wild commands. She eventually got up, took a shower, shaved
  her lower body, put on an outfit Jessica would approve of, and applied heavy
  makeup. &quot;I am almost getting used to this,&quot; she thought. 
After school, Gloria went to cheerleading practice to work on some cheers
  before the big basketball game that would be played later in the night. Before
  the practice, Gloria spotted Jessica kicking up her legs in order to stretch
  before practice. Gloria subtly licked her lips as she stared at her long tan
  legs and imagined licking them for a breif moment. Suddenly, Jessica spotted
  Gloria, approached her, and took her aside. 
&quot;Did my little slut have a nice rest yesterday?&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am&quot; 
&quot;Good, cuz we're gonna have some fun tonight. I got a fifth of vodka
  for us to drink later on.&quot; 
&quot;Ok&quot; 
&quot;Whore, you better thank me when I do something nice for you.&quot; 
&quot;Sorry m'am, um... thank you m'am, for the vodka you bought.&quot; 
&quot;That's better. So... anyway, are you friends with any of the girls on
  the freshman cheerleading squad?&quot; 
&quot;Um... I guess so m'am. I don't know any of them that well though m'am.&quot; 
&quot;Well, is there any girl you like the most out of them?&quot; 
Gloria's mind raced. Why was Jessica asking her who she liked on the freshman
  squad? Did she want to bring someone else into her crazy world too? Gloria
  just hoped Jessica wouldn't reveal her secrets to anyone at school. She tried
  to think of somone she liked on the freshman squad who she thought would be
  trustworthy in case Jessica tried to corrupt her. 
&quot;I guess I like Tammy m'am&quot; 
Tammy was a small innocent looking girl who was generally quiet and known
  as a good student. She had light brown hair that came down to her shoulders
  and an angelic young face. Tammy had a really nice body Gloria thought, although
  she looked even younger than most freshman. Gloria felt guilty that such a
  nice girl might be brought into Jessica's world, but she thought Tammy would
  be her best bet to keep her own secrets under wraps. 
&quot;I thought you might like Tammy, I like her too. Here, come with me,
  we are going to ask her to party with us tonight after the game.&quot; 
Gloria took a deep breath and went with Jessica to invite Tammy to hang out
  with them later on. Of course Tammy accepted, it was rare for girls as cool
  as Jessica and Gloria on the varsity cheerleading squad to ask a lowly freshman
  to party with them on a Friday night. 
During the basketball game, Gloria was allowed to wear the normal cheerleading
  underwear all the girls wore. However, she still felt embarrassed bouncing
  around with no bra, pigtails, and heavy makeup. She saw her poor ex-boyfriend
  in the crowd staring at her as she cheered. She tried not to look at him, and
  tried not to think about what she had become. 
After the game, the three girls arrived at Jessica's house and walked upstairs
  to Jessica's room, still wearing their blue and white cheerleading outfits.
  Jessica's mom was vacationing in Miami for the weekend so Jessica told the
  girls not to worry about getting caught drinking. Jessica made the girls some
  vodka drinks mixed with orange and cranbury juice. She suggested they play
  truth or dare. Gloria knew where this was going. She was frightened at the
  thought of being humiliated in front of a girl from school, but at the same
  time, did not want to dissapoint Jessica. 
To Gloria's surprise, after the first half hour, Jessica did not ask her any
  embarrassing questions or dare her to do anything abnormal. Gloria was actually
  having fun and starting to feel the alcohol take effect. The three of them
  laughed as they drank about half of the vodka bottle. Tammy, looking noticeably
  buzzed, got up to go to the bathroom. Jessica smiled at Gloria. 
&quot;Having fun my little China bitch?&quot; 
Gloria gulped, &quot;yes m'am&quot; 
&quot;I'm happy for you. We are about to have even more fun. Remember what
  you are slut. If you are uncooperative in any way, I will make things a lot
  tougher on you, do you understand?&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am,&quot; Gloria whispered as she nervously curled her lips into
  her mouth. 
Tammy came back from the bathroom and took her seat next to Gloria. 
&quot;Ok, Gloria, truth or dare?&quot; Jessica asked. 
&quot;Um... truth&quot; 
&quot;Alright Gloria, what was the best massage you've ever given?&quot; 
Gloria paused, not knowing what to say. She didn't want to embarrass herself,
  but didn't want to make Jessica angry. 
&quot;Um... the massage I gave you last week.&quot; 
&quot;I thought you might say that Gloria, that was a good massage. Tammy,
  Gloria gives great foot massages. I bet it would really feel good after cheering
  all day. Gloria, why don't you give Tammy a foot massage?&quot; 
&quot;Ok, Gloria responded reluctantly.&quot; 
Gloria got down on the floor and faced Tammy. Gloria grabbed her right foot
  with a sock still on it and began to massage her foot with her hands. 
&quot;Gloria, take off her sock for god sakes, I want you to give her the
  massage you gave me. Trust me Tammy, you are in for a treat. Cheers to Gloria
  and her world famous massages&quot; 
Jessica raised her glass up to Tammy and they clanked their glass together
  before taking a few big gulps from their cocktails. 
Gloria took off Tammy's sock and massaged her tiny foot with her hands some
  more. She knew Jessica wanted her to massage Tammy's foot with her mouth, but
  she just couldn't bring herself to do it on her own. She felt so guilty doing
  anything sexual with Tammy, she was only 14 years old. She felt even more guilt
  as her eyes unconsiously glanced between Tammy's slim smooth legs to see her
  blue underwear. &quot;She looks so cute in that cheerleading outfit,&quot; Jessica
  thought. 
&quot;Don't worry Tammy, the massage will get better, Gloria is just getting
  warmed up. If she doesn't give you the kind of massage I got the other day,
  I will be really dissapointed in her.&quot; 
&quot;It feels good already, I wonder what else she's going to do,&quot; Tammy
  chuckled. 
&quot;Gloria loves feet, maybe its an asian thing. She really loves to please
  people and do whatever they say,&quot; Jessica remarked. 
&quot;Really... huh...&quot; Tammy responded bewilderingly. 
Gloria decided she had better take it to the next level or face Jessica's
  wrath. She leaned in slowly and planted a small kiss on the sole of Tammy's
  foot and there was no reaction from either Tammy or Jessica. She paused a few
  seconds and kissed the sole of her foot again. She glanced up observe Tammy's
  reaction. Tammy remained silent with a slight smirk on her face. Gloria's eyes
  peered back down to her foot as she kissed it again a couple more times. 
&quot;Doesn't that feel nice?&quot; Jessica asked. 
&quot;Um yea, I didn't expect her to kiss my feet.&quot; 
&quot;Yea, I know, but Gloria really takes her massages seriously. She really
  likes making you feel good. Wait till she really gets going. Just sit back
  and relax.&quot; 
&quot;Ok&quot; 
Gloria's lips slid along Tammy's skin more and more with each kiss. Eventually,
  she moved up to Tammy's toes. Gloria licked her lips. She could feel a tingling
  in her panties. She feared that she might already be wet. She opened her mouth
  slightly and allowed her tongue to slide along Tammy's toes as her kisses became
  larger. 'This is sick,&quot; Gloria thought, &quot;why am I getting turned
  on by this younger girl&quot; 
&quot;Isn't she good Tammy?&quot; 
&quot;Yea, this feels really good. Is this what she did for you?&quot; 
&quot;She did even more for me dear&quot; 
&quot;More... oh my gosh&quot; 
Gloria put her mouth all the way around Tammy's big toe and sucked. She began
  to move her head up and down. She then moved to the other toes and flicked
  her tongue in between them. 
&quot;Um... this is tickling me.&quot; 
&quot;Don't worry, you'll get used to it dear. You just order that little
  asian to do it how you want it and she will do it. Gloria, why don't you put
  all her toes in your mouth?&quot; 
Gloria opened her mouth and put Tammy's small foot in her mouth. She sucked
  as she moved her head up and down over it. 
&quot;That feels good Jessica, I like that,&quot; Tammy remarked. 
&quot;That's a girl, I told ya you would like it.&quot; 
Tammy's breath became heavy as she gawked at Gloria bobbing up and down her
  foot. By this time, Gloria's bright red lipstick was smeared around Tammy's
  foot. Tammy could feel herself getting excited. She couldn't understand why
  Gloria was humiliating herself like this. All she knew was that it felt good. 
&quot;Are you sure Gloria doesn't mind Jessica?&quot; 
&quot;Oh yea, I'm sure. Gloria loves pleasing people, don't you slut?&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am,&quot; Gloria quickly responed before cramming Tammy's foot
  down her throat. 
&quot;Oh my god, will she do whatever you want?&quot; 
&quot;Yup, and she likes it. She gets off on being told what to do. Don't
  you slut?&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am.&quot; 
Tammy shook with nervousness and pleasure. &quot;Was this normal?&quot; she
  thought to herself. She almost started to understand why Gloria obeyed Jessica.
  Jessica seemed so beautiful and powerful as she gave orders. 
&quot;Come here,&quot; Jessica commanded. &quot;Its my turn. Show Tammy how
  you like to please my feet.&quot; 
Gloria crawled over to Jessica, took off her sock and immediately ran her
  tongue all over her foot. Gloria almost forgot Tammy was still in the room
  as she moaned with Jessica's toes in her mouth. Gloria put her mouth completely
  around Jessica's foot and slobbered all over it as she bobbed her head up and
  down. 
&quot;Good, now remember to look up at me with those sexy asian eyes slut.&quot; 
&quot;Mmmmmmmmm,&quot; Gloria responded as she crammed Jessica's foot down
  her throat. 
&quot;So what do you think of all this Tammy?&quot; 
&quot;Uh... umm...I don't know&quot; 
&quot;Do you think I have pretty feet?&quot; 
&quot;Yea, your feet are really pretty. Everybody thinks your really pretty
  J-J-Jessica&quot; 
&quot;Here, let me show you something&quot; 
Jessica stood up and opened one of her dresser drawers. She took out Gloria's
  red rinestone collar and leash and placed the collar around Gloria's neck.
  Tammy stared in complete shock. 
&quot;Gloria likes to act like she is my doggy from time to time. Its a game
  she likes to play. In fact, Gloria will not speak anymore words tonight, will
  you puppy wuppy?&quot; 
&quot;ruff ruff&quot; 
Jessica grabbed a matching blue collar with rinestones and leash and looked
  at Tammy. 
&quot;Tammy, stand up,&quot; Jessica commanded. 
Tammy stood up with her eyes looking downward nervously. Jessica walked behind
  her and placed the collar around her neck and attached the collar. 
Gloria felt ashamed of herslef as she looked at the young girl, now with a
  collar around her neck. At the same time, Gloria couldn't help but feel turned
  on. Tammy looked so cute and innocent, but was turning into a slut before her
  very eyes. 
Chapter 8 
&quot;Now Tammy, get on your knees.&quot; 
Tammy, stared at Jessica for a moment, completely entranced in her beauty
  and forcefulness. Her knees shook as she kneeled to the floor in front of Jessica.
  Jessica sat down on her couch and pulled both leashes, one in each hand, leading
  the girls toward her feet. Gloria began worshiping her foot again without skipping
  a beat. Tammy stared at Jessica's other foot for a moment, then pulled off
  her sock. Tammy leaned in and began kissing the bottom of Jessica's foot. She
  couldn't believe how gorgeous Jessica's body looked up close. Her eyes stared
  right up Jessica's short cheerleading skirt. 
&quot;You like kissing my feet Tammy?&quot; 
&quot;Um... yea, I think so...&quot; 
&quot;You think so? You mean you know so. And from now on, you will address
  me as m'am. Understand Tammy?&quot; 
&quot;Um.. yes, m'am,&quot; Tammy responded as she stuck out her tongue to
  lightly lick the bottom Jessica's foot. 
&quot;Good. Good little girls, good little puppies. But puppies don't wear
  clothes, take off those uniforms right now.&quot; 
Tammy nervously looked over at Gloria who quickly removed her clothes. Tammy
  slowly took off her cheerleading sweater, skirt, bra and panties. After she
  threw her clothes to the side, she stopped to stare at Gloria's cute naked
  body. She just could not believe how into this scenario Gloria really was.
  After a few moments, she felt a firm jerk on her leash. 
&quot;What the fuck are you looking at, suck on these toes bitch.&quot; 
Frightened, Tammy obeyed, licking and sucking Jessica's toes, trying to imitate
  the fervor that Gloria displayed. Tammy's mind raced, she had kissed a couple
  boys before, but this was crazy. Nevertheless, she felt excited and wanted
  very much to be friends with Jessica and Gloria. She only wondered how long
  this bizarre treatment was going to last. 
&quot;Ya know Tammy, I never let Gloria lick much more than my feet. Dirty
  asian slut that she is, she has to earn anything else she gets. But you Tammy
  on the other hand, I might be nicer to you.&quot; 
Jessica pulled harder on Tammy's leash, hinting for her to kiss higher up
  her leg. Eager to please, Tammy kissed Jessica's ankle, up her calf, to her
  knee. &quot;This is what a woman's body is supposed to look like&quot; Tammy
  thought as she began to kiss Jessica's muscular thighs. 
&quot;Do it slowly Tammyslut, do it sexy&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am&quot; 
Tammy didn't think she was a lesbian but just couldn't say no to Jessica. &quot;Is
  it the alcohol?&quot; she wondered. All she knew was, she couldn't stop herself
  from kissing Jessica's body, and she certainly didn't want to disobey her.
  She continued to kiss up Jessica's leg. She moaned as she kissed higher up
  on Jessica's thighs. At the same time, Gloria began to kiss further up Jessica's
  leg. 
&quot;Slut asian, what the fuck do you think you're doing? Did I tell you
  to suck anything other than my feet? Now cram my foot down your throat, I want
  to see you choking on my foot, and nothing else unless I tell you otherwise!&quot; 
&quot;Ruff&quot; 
Gloria felt hurt and jealous. &quot;Why did Tammy get to lick her thighs and
  I can only lick her feet?&quot; &quot;This isn't fair,&quot; she thought. Nevertheless,
  she obeyed, shoving Jessica's foot deep into her mouth until her toes tickled
  her throat causing her to choke slightly. She stared with envious eyes at the
  little freshman girl as she stretched her mouth to allow more of Jessica's
  foot. 
&quot;Good asian puppy wuppy, don't stop&quot; 
Jessica pulled Tammy's leash again, leading her to her panties. Jessica opened
  her legs wide. Tammy ducked her head under Jessica's cheerleading skirt and
  put her lips on Jessica's panties to give them a kiss. Tammy moaned again as
  she opened her mouth and pinched Jessica's panties with her lips. Jessica pushed
  the back of Tammy's head tight to her pussy as Tammy sucked at the crotch of
  her panties. 
Gloria sulked as she continued to move her mouth all over Jessica's saliva
  soaked foot. 
Jessica then stood up, leading Tammy on her knees so that her face stared
  right at her pussy. She then pulled Gloria to the back of her so that she faced
  her butt. Satisfied, Jessica stood for a moment, observing her two pets on
  their knees, one in front and one in back. 
&quot;Alright slut asian, since you have been a pretty good pet, I will let
  you worship something else for a change.&quot; 
Gloria stared directly at Jessica's muscular ass. She drooled at the thought
  of being able to kiss it. She wished she could lick Jessica's pussy, but knew
  she wouldn't be allowed to yet. 
Jessica pulled down her underwear, keeping her skirt around her waist. She
  pulled each of the girls' leashes, leading Tammy into her pussy and Gloria
  to her firm ass. Both girls, hungrily licked Jessica. Jessica pushed Gloria's
  face hard into her behind. Gloria kissed and licked all over Jessica's ass.
  Gloria's hand found her clit and she began massaging herself as she worked
  her way closer to Jessica's asshole. 
Tammy's eyes stared upward at Jessica. She thought she looked like a goddess
  controlling her slaves. Tammy looked back down to concentrate on pleasuring
  Jessica's pussy. Jessica gasped in pleasure as she guided the girls' tongues.
  Gloria's moans were muffled as her face was pressed even harder into Jessica's
  ass. Gloria pressed her tongue into Jessica's ass until it slightly penetrated
  her asshole. Gloria furiously massaged her clit in extacy. She felt so fortunate
  to be able to lick the ass of her beautiful tormentor, and wanted to savor
  every moment of it. 
Jessica's body spasmed as it got closer to cumming. Her hips rocked back in
  forth, humping Tammy's face from the front and Gloria's from behind. Gloria
  became lightheaded as she realized she wasn't getting any air. At the same
  time, she felt like she might be able to cum soon so she decided not to try
  to pull away for air. 
&quot;Tammyslut, put your tongue inside my pussy!&quot; 
Tammy obeyed. Jessica rubbed her clit on Tammy's cute button nose as Tammy's
  tongue wriggled inside her. 
&quot;Fuck me with your tongues you fucking whores, make me cum!&quot; Jessica
  shouted. 
Jessica whined and moaned as she shook in orgasm, pushing both girls' faces
  into her. Gloria continued to touch herself in an effort to cum. She had almost
  passed out from lack of air but didn't care anymore. 
When Jessica's orgasms came to an end, she turned her head to find Gloria
  touching herself. 
&quot;What the fuck are you doing?&quot; 
Jessica sat down on the couch, and violently pulled Gloria over to her, forcing
  her to lay over her lap. 
&lt;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK,&gt; 
Gloria screamed as she received the hardest spanks she had ever felt. 
&lt;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK,&gt; 
&quot;You naughty girl! I'm tired of you disobeying me! I never told you that
  you could touch yourself!&quot; 
Tammy gasped in astonishment, still shaken from bringing Jessica to orgasm.
  Her jaw dropped as she watched Jessica spank Gloria's little butt until it
  was bright red. 
&quot;I'm sick of this shit, Tammy, get over here and spank this dirty asian
  ass, my hand is already hurting me.&quot; 
&quot;Um.. m'am I don't think I...&quot; 
&quot;Shut up and do it. I am going to the bathroom to wash up. I want to
  hear those spanks clearly from around the corner.&quot; 
Tammy sat down on the couch as she was told. Gloria, with tears streaming
  from her face, laid across Tammy's thin legs. Tammy couldn't believe this asian
  girl was laying across her lap, waiting to be spanked. She didn't know what
  to do. 
&quot;Let me hear it Tammy, if I can't hear you spank her, you're next!&quot; 
Tammy reluctantly gave Gloria a firm slap on her butt. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Harder Tammy, I will be back in a few minutes, keep spanking her, she
  needs to learn her lesson.&quot; 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
&quot;I'm sorry Gloria,&quot; Tammy whispered as Jessica shut the bathroom
  door behind her. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Gloria sobbed with each spank, her eyeshadow running down her face. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Gloria cried and moaned as her body jumped with each slap. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
With Jessica out of the room Gloria's body began to wriggle on Tammy's lap.
  It felt so good for her to rub her pussy on Tammy's legs, she was still desperate
  to cum. Gloria couldn't help but admit to herself that getting spanked by this
  freshman girl might actually be turning her on. 
&quot;Tammy, please don't tell Jessica, please...&quot; 
Tammy smirked to herself, not believing her eyes. 
&quot;Ok, I won't tell her.&quot; 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Gloria tried to her hardest to rub her pussy on Tammy's legs as her ass stung
  with pain. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Harder!&quot; Jessica shouted from the bathroom, &quot;teach that bitch
  a lesson!&quot; 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Tammy noticed a significant amount of Gloria's juices accumulating on her
  thighs. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Does that feel good Gloria?&quot; 
&lt;SMACK, SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Ruff&quot; 
Tammy chuckled to herself. She enjoyed having such power over the older girl.
  She stopped for a moment to rub Gloria's tight butt. 
&quot;What is going on, why did you stop punishing her?&quot; Jessica shouted
  from the bathroom. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Sorry m'am,&quot; Tammy responded. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Gloria furiously rubbed her clit on Tammy's thighs but could not get herself
  to cum. She needed more friction. She reached her hand between her legs quickly
  before Jessica came back. Out of curiosity, Tammy reached her hand between
  Gloria's legs to help her out before she gave her another spank. 
&lt;SMACK&gt; 
Jessica quietly exited the bathroom and peered around the corner to check
  on the girls. 
&quot;Are you both fucking retarded?&quot; Jessica shouted. Jessica stomped
  over to the girls and grabbed Gloria's leash, pulling it hard on her neck. 
&quot;You fucking whore, you can't stop touching yourself, you are really
  in for it tonight! Go to the corner and kneel with your face in the carpet!&quot; 
Without saying anything else, Jessica grabbed Tammy by the back of the neck
  and forced her over her lap. 
&lt;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK&gt; 
&quot;Don't you ever disrespect me like that again!&quot; 
Tammy's eyes filled with tears. She felt scared and confused. She cried out
  loud as Jessica gave her 15 more spanks. When she was finished, Jessica grabbed
  Tammy's leash and led her to the bedroom door. 
&quot;Get out of here Tammyslut! I expect disobeyance from a stupid asian
  whore but not you, I have no tolerance for any disobeyance from you.&quot; 
Tammy continued to cry, she couldn't comprehend what was happening. 
&quot;Jessica, how am I supposed to get home, at least give me my clothes.&quot; 
Jessica reached down and gave Tammy a hard slap to the side of her face. 
&quot;I told you call me m'am. I was going to throw you some clothes, but
  not anymore. Go home with that leash, and keep it, you will need it again sometime.
  And keep in mind that I have you and that dirty asian puppy slut on tape so
  you might not want to go around telling anyone about this. Got it Tammyslut? 
Tammy was mortified. 
&quot;Yes m'am,&quot; she whimpered. 
&quot;I'm giving you 20 seconds to get the fuck out of my house or you will
  be in more trouble than you can possibly imagine!&quot; 
Tammy scurried downstairs and made her way to the kitchen area to escape through
  the backdoor to avoid anyone seeing her on the street. She caught a reflection
  of herself in a mirror. She was naked with nothing but a blue collar around
  her neck with a leash. Her butt was bright red and her eyes were still teary.
  She felt so confused. &quot;How did this happen? How am I going to get home?
  What am I going to wear?&quot; She burst into tears again as she slowly made
  her way out the back door. 
Gloria remained kneeling with her face to the floor crying in the corner of
  the room. She felt so bad for poor Tammy. &quot;Why did Jessica act like that?&quot; she
  wondered. 
Jessica walked around behind Gloria and sat down in a chair next to her. 
&quot;Gloria, I've tried to train you the best I can.&quot; she uttered in
  a calm but stern tone of voice. &quot;I want you to be the best slave to me
  that you can be. In order for this to happen, you have to let go of yourself
  completely, and trust me. If you don't, you will only experience pain. This
  is all for your own good. Do you understand?&quot; 
&quot;Ruff&quot; 
&quot;Ok, enough with the dog stuff slave. Do you understand me or not?&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am. You want the best for me and you want me to trust you m'am.
  You want me to give into you completely m'am.&quot; Gloria responded while
  still staring into the floor, now damp with tears. 
&quot;That's right, so I am going to move into the next phase of your training.
  Stay there while I make the preparations&quot; 
Gloria nervously anticipated what was going to happen to her next. She was
  frightened but very curious to find out what she had in mind. She could hear
  Jessica moving things around in the room. She wondered what was going on but
  did not dare remove her face from the floor. 
&quot;Ok slut, let me get that collar off you. I am done with that phase of
  your training. I'm sorry, I know how much you like licking and humping things,
  but I think that was too much fun for you. I need to make sure you don't touch
  yourself again for right now, so put your hands behind your back.&quot; 
Gloria reluctantly put her hands behind her back as Jessica wrapped electrical
  tape around her wrists, binding them together. 
&quot;That should do it. Alright slut, I want you to take some shots, you
  might need them in order to face your punishment for disobeying me.&quot; 
Jessica reached for the fifth of vodka and poured a shot, then gave it to
  Gloria. Gloria flinched violently, it was the first shot she had ever drank
  alcohol without it being mixed with something. Jessica reached for the bottle
  again and filled up another shot. 
&quot;Please, m'am please don't give me another one&quot; 
Jessica chuckled, &quot;do you really think I care what you want after you
  disobeyed me twice tonight?&quot; 
Jessica raised up the shot glass, and Gloria took the shot again, with her
  hands still bound. Gloria barely swallowed the shot. Jessica tilted one of
  the mixed drinks down to Gloria's lips for her to chase the shot down. Gloria
  knew she would be drunk soon. She had already felt tipsy when Tammy was there. 
Ok now slut, lets go into the bathroom, you are going to need a haircut. I
  want you to get up and do not turn around, I want the bedroom to be a surprise
  later on.&quot; 
Gloria's jaw dropped. &quot;Haircut, what does she mean by haircut?&quot; 
Gloria made her way to the bathroom with her hands bound behind her back.
  Jessica tied a blindfold around her head so she could not see what was going
  to happen. She felt Jessica wash off her face, which she needed since her makeup
  was badly smeared. Then she heard the scissors cutting away her hair. Gloria
  whimpered with each cut. Tears flowed underneath her blindfold. She knew Jessica
  was cutting her hair very short. After a few minutes of cutting, she could
  feel Jessica tying something to her hair on the sides of her head. Next, Jessica
  put some shorts on her that felt really funny against her skin. Then, Jessica
  picked up Gloria, still with her blindfold and hands bound, and carried her
  back into the bedroom where Gloria could feel herself being lowered into some
  kind of bed. She could also feel the alcohol in her system. The vodka was making
  her warm and cozy, but she also felt extremely emotional and frightened. She
  thought she may be on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
&quot;I'm going to undo your hands now slut, but don't take off your blindfold
  yet. Just lay back, do not sit up unless I give you permission.&quot; 
&quot;Yes m'am&quot; 
Jessica cut off the electrical tape with the scissors. Gloria reached up to
  feel her hair. She was shocked to find that it had almost completely been cut
  off, less than an inch remained. She immediately cried aloud. She wondered
  what she would tell her parents. She really thought Jessica had crossed the
  line this time. 
&quot;Slut, you are such a baby, all you do is cry and cry all the time. That's
  why your new training will be so fitting. Are you ready for me to take your
  blindfold off?&quot; 
&quot;Umm.. I guess so m'am, Gloria responded, trying to fight back her tears&quot; 
Jessica took off her blindfold. The first thing Gloria saw was Jessica's grinning
  face. 
&quot;You are such a cute baby girl, yes you are.&quot; 
Gloria was puzzled by the way Jessica was talking to her. She was talking
  in a high pitched cheerful voice, what was going on here? Jessica grabbed a
  mirror and showed Gloria what she looked like. Gloria saw that she was naked
  except for what looked like a big diaper. Her hair was cut short but two ribbons
  propped a little bit of hair up on each side of her head giving her baby pigtails.
  She also noticed she was sitting in a big baby crib. Jessica turned around
  to pick up a pacifier, and put it in Gloria's mouth. 
&quot;Here are the rules my little precious. You will not talk in my presence
  at all. You will keep that pacifier in your mouth unless I take it out. You
  will only talk when I let you go back to school. And when you are in school,
  you will suck on your thumb while sitting at your desk nonchalantly so it won't
  look too obvious. You may only communicate through whining or crying, which
  we both know you are very good at. You will not use the bathroom anymore, that
  is what your diaper is for. You will never stand in my presence unless we are
  at school or I give you permission. This includes standing in your crib which
  is where you will lay for the rest of this weekend. You may not put your hands
  inside your diaper although you are allowed to touch yourself in any other
  way your horny asian ass wants. 
Gloria was petrified. There she laid, naked in a baby crib with a diaper on,
  tears in her eyes and a pacifier in her mouth. Her hair was short and tied
  up in little baby pigtails. She was beginning to feel very drunk, something
  she had never felt before. Her head was spinning. &quot;Did she say I couldn't
  use the bathroom, she expects me to go in this diaper? I am supposed to lay
  here all weekend?&quot; She felt helpless, yet could not think of any questions
  to ask. The one part of Jessica's rules that sounded good was that she could
  touch herself in any way except putting her hands inside her diaper. 
&quot;Well baby girl, I will take your silence to mean that you have no questions.
  One more thing, if you break any of these rules, I will shave your head completely,
  and keep it that way. So don't fuck up.&quot; 
Jessica brushed her teeth in the bathroom, walked out and brought Gloria a
  blanket. 
&quot;Don't want my babygirl catching a cold.&quot; 
Gloria tucked the blanket tight around Gloria's body. She lightly brushed
  her hand along Gloria's forehead for a few moments before giving it a light
  kiss. 
&quot;Goodnight babygirl.&quot; 
Jessica turned off the lights before climbing into bed on the other side of
  the bedroom from Gloria's baby crib. 
Gloria almost replied but remembered she wasn't allowed to speak anymore.
  Her head continued to spin from the vodka. &quot;I really need to think of
  a way out of this,&quot; she thought. &quot;This can't go on anymore.&quot; She
  lost her train of thought as suddenly felt the urge to urinate from all that
  she had to drink. However, she knew she wasn't allowed to use the bathroom.
  She decided to try to wait it out, hoping Jessica might change her mind. However,
  she knew she couldn't hold it much longer. She decided the best thing to do
  was to think about something else for a bit. Visions from ealier in the evening
  swept through her mind. 
Gloria's hand slowly crept to the front of her diaper where she proceeded
  to lightly massage her clit over the top of her new baby garment while her
  other hand massaged her naked breasts. Her current position felt so humiliating
  but she still felt a strong urge to cum. Her bare pussy responded quickly to
  the friction with her diaper. Gloria tried not to make any noise, biting hard
  on her pacifier in sheer extacy. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Samantha Kou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





