BDSM Library - Taboo




Taboo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom malesub.  Ranges from light play to heavy bdsm.  The more heavy occurances include cutting and burning with hot metal.He sits in front of his computer in his small cubicle on the 15th floor of his
  office building. He mechanically goes through his day to day duties not lifting
  his eyes from the seemingly endless amount of paperwork, only pausing to think
  of his mistress waiting for him at home. 
   
  As soon as he gets out of the office he gets into his car and drives home.
  It is an uneventful, thirty minute drive, but his mind is racing in anticipation
  as he thinks about the types of pain he will be forced to endure tonight. 
   
  As he pulls into the driveway, he shuts off his car but does not get out. He
  knows if he enters the house without wearing his collar and leash he will be
  punished, but not with pain. He takes off his tie and button up work shirt
  then reaches under the seat. He pulls out a collar and a leash. He puts on
  the collar as tight as he can without choking himself but making sure he does
  have a little difficulty breathing knowing that is the way his mistress likes
  it. On the path leading to the front door he attaches the chain leash to his
  collar and attaches the other end of the leash to the door knob. He gets on
  his knees and knocks lightly on the door which is opened immediately by his
  mistress. 
   
  She opens the door and sees everything is in order. His mistress picks up the
  leash and pulls her slut inside, shuts the door, then commands him to rise
  to his feet. He rises, but not to quickly, eager to please his mistress and
  is rewarded by being told he is a good boy. 
   
  His mistress tugs on the leash and begins walking to the basement door. Halfway
  there she says, &quot;On all fours, slut, and crawl.&quot; He slowly drops
  to his knees and puts his hands on the ground. This time he is too slow and
  receives a sharp jerk on the leash. 
   
  They enter the basement, their cold, dark dungeon decorated with a bed, a cross,
  and a cage along with many instruments of pain. Black candles are placed everywhere
  possible in the room, this being the only light that illuminates the dungeon.
  Everything in this room was black except for the steel accessories found on
  random objects. 
   
  The bed is dressed with black sheets and has a gothic style headboard made
  from ebony wood that is perfect for tying hands to. It also has a footboard
  of the same make perfect for tying feet to. 
   
  The cross is more of an X-shape than an actual cross. It has hundreds of small,
  sharp spike protruding from the wood that aren't long enough to puncture the
  skin, but they cause a lot of irritation and make it impossible to get a an
  ounce of comfort. It also has leather restraints on both the upper and lower
  adjustable boards. 
   
  In the darkest corner of the room lies a small steel cage. It is too short
  to sit comfortably in, not long enough to lay down in, and there is no bottom
  so, if thrown in the cage, you are forced to sit on the cold concrete floor.
  Nothing else can be said about this cage except for the fact that it is his
  least favorite place in the room. 
   
  As the mistress and her slut reach the bottom of the stairs she asks, &quot;Does
  anything look wrong?&quot; 
   
  He takes a quick look around the cold, dark room and hesitantly replies, &quot;I'm
  sorry mistress, I see nothing wrong. Everything seems to be in place.&quot; 
   
  His mistress yanks on his leash forcing him to his feet and yells, &quot;Look
  at the fucking bed you dirty slut, why are the handcuffs missing?&quot; 
   
&quot;I...I don't know mistress.&quot; he whispers looking down at the ground. 
   
  She slaps him and yells, &quot;Wrong answer slut. Why are the handcuffs missing?&quot; 
   
&quot;They are missing because I was neglectful in my duties assigned to me by
mistress. Your slut apologizes for his careless mistake mistress. He begs for
mistress' forgiveness.&quot; he says slowly and carefully. 
   
  She moves behind her slut and kicks him in the back of his knees forcing him
  down on them; then she walks forward to the bed as he crawls behind keeping
  his eyes on the ground waiting for her command. 
   
  His mistress demands, &quot;Find the handcuffs quickly slut. You have thirty
  seconds before they need to be in my hand.&quot; 
   
&quot;Yes mistress.&quot; he says then starts crawling around the bed. They aren't
under the bed, nor around it. He begins to back away into a corner already begging
for mercy.  
   
&quot;Come here.&quot; she demands but he doesn't move an inch. &quot;Come here.&quot; she
yells but he again he doesn't move. &quot;You stupid, disobedient slut. You will
do what you are told. Get the fuck over here right now,&quot; she yells, &quot;or
i will put you in the cage.&quot; 
   
  He bows his head and crawls over to his mistress. He has disgraced his mistress
  in that pitiful act of defiance. As he arrives in front of her, he raises to
  his knees, places his hands behind his back, and bows his head looking at the
  ground too ashamed to grace his eyes upon her commanding beauty. 
   
  She raises her foot and rests her boot on his shoulder. His mistress applies
  pressure forcing him to his back. He arches as his bare back touches the cold
  floor, but allows himself to be pushed all the way down. &quot;Lick my boot.&quot; she
  says and her slut obeys repeatedly licking his mistress' boot until he is given
  permission to stop. 
   
&quot;Mistress,&quot; he says, &quot;I beg for your forgiveness. I have displeased
you my mistress. Please, I beg you, torture it out of me.&quot; 
   
  She laughs slightly at his pathetic begging then says, &quot;Shut up slut,
  lay on the bed. Cuff your feet to their undeserving corners. Well would you
  look what I just found in my back pocket.&quot; she says as she pulls the handcuffs
  out, &quot;Oh well...now hurry with your feet slut.&quot; She turns around
  and begins to walk away. &quot;Oh,&quot; she says, &quot;first take off the
  rest of your clothes. I want you naked and helpless so I can humiliate you.&quot; 
   
  He does as he is told and quickly disrobes wearing nothing but his collar.
  He then reaches down to his feet and cuffs them securely into their corners.
  After he completes his tasks he lay back and moves his hands to where his mistress
  will cuff them to the headboard. 
   
  She returns holding two pairs of cuffs that he has never seen before. As she
  gets closer he can see that they have spikes rimmed along the inside. He shuts
  his eyes and whimpers knowing his mistress will tighten them so all the spikes
  have punctured his skin. 
   
&quot;We have not used these before,&quot; his mistress says, &quot;I have been
waiting for a time when you are in serious need of a reminder course in your
position in this relationship. I think you need a little bit of work on your
obedience. These lessons are going to be painful. You will be screaming in pain,
begging for mercy by the time I am done with you.&quot; 
   
  She places one end of each set around his wrists tightening them so, as he
  knew she would, all the spikes have entered his flesh. Blood is dripping down
  his arms as she pulls each hand to its corner and attaches the other end of
  each pair to the headboard. 
   
&quot;Mistress, no, I'm sorry, I'll...&quot; he urgently begs. 
   
  She interrupts, &quot;Shut the fuck up you filthy slut, I haven't even started
  and you are already begging. You are pathetic.&quot; She places a ball gag
  in his mouth a secures it around his neck. His mistress laughs at his pleading
  eyes and begging noises.  
   
  She reaches over to a small dresser placed beside the bed and picks up a black
  candle then instructs her slut to close his eyes. He does as he is told and
  shuts his eyes tightly blocking out all vision and awaits the feeling of the
  hot wax burning his flesh. As he feels the first drop he arches his back loving
  the burning sensation it brings. She starts at the bottom of his stomach then
  pours the wax in a line up to the bottom of his neck becoming very wet watching
  her slut squirm from the exquisite pain.  
   
  She places the candle on his chest and tells him that if the candle falls he
  will be thrown in the cage for the rest of the night. His mistress reaches
  behind her back unhooking the black leather bra then tells him to open his
  eyes. He obeys just in time to see her running her hands slowly over her chest,
  down her stomach, stopping at the small black bondage skirt she is wearing.
  She easily slip it off wearing nothing now but her black boots and black sheer
  panties. He whimpers wanting nothing but to taste his mistress' pussy. Wanting
  to lick her fluids into his mouth. 
   
  His mistress picks the candle back up from his chest and positions it over
  his left nipple. She pours it over watching him squirm in pain, then she quickly
  pours it over his other nipple before the wax in on his body cools. She picks
  up a lighter and creates a flame then holds it to one of his wax covered nipples.
  She re-melts the wax making it boiling hot but then it starts to run off the
  sides. His nipple is now bare but she does not remove the lighter. Instead,
  she holds it there watching him struggle to get free and listening to him cry
  out in pain. She finally removes the lighter and blows cool air over his nipple
  slightly ease the pain. 
   
  She moves pulling the gag out of his mouth letting it lay on his neck. &quot;would
  you like the same on your other nipple slut?&quot; she slowly asks. 
   
&quot;Slut wants only what mistress wants.&quot; he recites knowing that is the
answer she wants. 
   
&quot;That is a good slut.&quot; she says. &quot;I guess we will.&quot; Then
she places the gag back in his mouth. 
   
  He closes his eyes tightly and bites down on the gag. He begins to feel the
  wax get warmer until it is burning hot. He arches as it runs off to the sides
  then begins to squirm and whimper feeling the flame lay on his bare flesh.
  He cries out, his breath becoming short and shallow. She pulls the gag out
  of his mouth without removing the flame wanting to hear his please. 
   
&quot;Stop, mistress, stop.&quot; he pleads, &quot;I'll be a good slut. Please.
I'm sorry I was disobedient.&quot; She pulls the lighter away blowing on his
nipple again to help ease the pain. 
   
  He whimpers during the moments he is not being tortured but he knows he deserves
  it so he prepares himself for more. 
   
  His mistress runs her fingers lightly over the side of his face and she whispers, &quot;Shhhh.&quot; in
  his ear. Her light touch and soft voice persuade him and he becomes silent. &quot;Good
  boy.&quot; she whispers and rewards him with a kiss on the cheek. 
   
  She picks the candle back up and pours it over his already tortured nipples.
  With the gag still out of his mouth he moans quietly in pleasure but is punished
  swiftly with a slap on his face and the gag placed back in his mouth. 
   
&quot;I don't recall giving you permission to make any noise.&quot; she says
forcefully. &quot;For the rest of this session you are not to speak unless permission
has been granted and you are not allowed to make any noise unless it is brought
about by pain. Nod if you understand.&quot; He nods obediently as a good slut
should.  
   
  His mistress places the candle back on the dresser then move to the foor of
  the bed and begins to run her fingers teasingly up his legs, past his knees,
  and around to his inner thigh. She leans in close and runs her warm tongue
  slowly up his fully erect shaft. He arches his back and moans accidentally.
  Her slut freezes and looks down at her with a hint of fear showing in his eyes.
  She moves up to his stomach and bites down hard. As her slut is squirming beneath
  her she digs her nails into his sides. As she bites down harder she drags her
  nails down tearing through his skin making his sides bleed. He cries out softly
  and struggles with his restraints only to have her bite harder and break through
  the skin. She feels his blood run onto her tongue then pulls away. 
   
  She steps off the bed momentarily, hooks her thumbs under her panties and in
  one fluid motion she slips them to the ground. One foot at a time she steps
  out of them and moves to the head of the bed. She slides her legs under her
  slaves arms and then sits on his chest. She takes the gag out of his mouth
  and asks, &quot;Do you want to taste me slut? Do you want to make me come?&quot; He
  answers quickly, &quot;Yes mistress, please. That is the only thing I want.&quot; His
  mistress positions herself over his waiting mouth and tongue. He leans up wanting
  to lick her desperately but she grabs his hair tightly and moves his head back
  down to the bed. 
   
&quot;Patience my slut. Did you honestly think I wasn't going to make you beg?&quot; she
laughs. 
   
&quot;Please mistress, I want to taste you, smell you. I want to make you come.
Please allow your slut that pleasure. He will give mistress anything in return.&quot; He
begs. 
   
  She lowers herself until her wet, glistening pussy is hovering centimeters
  about her sluts tongue. He slowly runs his tongue around her dripping wet lips
  making her moan softly. He arches his back at her moan knowing that he is pleasing
  her then sticks his tongue deep inside her. He moves it around savoring the
  taste of his mistress' insides then slowly takes it out. He kisses it softly
  and licks gently up to her clit. He teases it at first, circling around her
  clit touching her at random intervals until he encloses his mistress' clit
  in his mouth. He begins to gently suck on her clit while caressing it with
  his tongue. He feels his mistress' legs begin to quiver and hears her breath
  become short. Her grip on his hair tightens as he licks back down and inserts
  his tongue into her again. He feels her let go of his hair with one hand and
  move it. She begins rubbing herself as her slut slowly moves his tongue around
  inside her. Her moans become louder and more frequent. In-between moans she
  says, &quot;Open your mouth slut, and don't miss a drop.&quot; He obeys opening
  his mouth under her cunt and then he feels her come flowing into his mouth.
  He doesn't swallow right away. He lets it rest on his tongue waiting under
  her cunt hoping to catch another drop. He sees a few drops running down her
  legs so he swallows and licks the rest of her come into his mouth. He slowly
  runs his tongue over her lips then around her clit. He slowly licks back down
  and sticks his tongue in and out of her a few times making sure he hasn't missed
  a single drop of her. 
   
&quot;Good boy.&quot; She whispers and sits back on his chest. 
   
&quot;Slut is happy to please mistress.&quot; he answers. 
   
&quot;Have you been tortured enough my slave?&quot; she asks him quietly. 
   
&quot;Slut has only been tortured enough when mistress decides he has been tortured
enough.&quot; he recites, the words seeming as if they have been practiced. 
   
&quot;Good slut, I think you need more. You were very disobedient and I haven't
even finished punishing you for misplacing the handcuffs.&quot; she says with
a menacing smile forming on her face.  
   
  His mistress gets off the bed and grabs a blindfold then walks slowly over
  to him. As he sees the blindfold he shakes his head back and forth and says, &quot;No,
  mistress, no. Please don't blindfold me mistress. I want to see.&quot; 
   
  She slaps him hard leaving a red outline of her hand. &quot;Damn it slut. What
  did I say about talking?&quot; she yells. 
   
&quot;I'm sorry.&quot; He whimpers as her voice rises. 
   
&quot;You stupid slut. Did I say you could apologize? And how dare you speak
to me and not address me as mistress. You know better than that slut. Are we
going to have to completely retrain you? Now apologize appropriately.&quot; she
demands. 
   
&quot;I'm sorry mistress, please forgive me. I won't....&quot; he is cut off
by the gag being placed in his mouth and then the blindfold covering his eyes.
He struggles only to feel his mistress dig her sharpened nails deep into his
chest then drag them down to his waist. She smiles as blood begins to rise to
the surface of each scratch she made.  
 
  She walks away again. He can tell by the sound of her boots fading. She is
      looking at the wall trying to decide what toy she wishes to use on him.
      After she is silent for about thirty seconds he begins to squirm, struggling
      to get free. 
   
&quot;Am I going to have to leave you alone down here until you realize that
there is no way you are getting off that bed unless I take you off. Or maybe
I should put you on the cross and leave you there for the rest of the night.
Is that what you want slut?&quot; she says with anger and frustration saturating
her voice. 
   
  She walks over to the bed and bites his chest sharply. She scratches what wax
  is left on him off and gently runs her tongue around his nipples. She leans
  back after a few seconds and begins to place one clamp on each of his nipples.
  His mistress begins to tighten them very slowly, his pain becoming more and
  more evident each time the clamps get tighter. He begins to whimper but she
  pulls on his hair hard and tells him to shut the fuck up and to be a good slut.
  His mistress then begins to tighten the clamps again. He chokes back his whimpers
  for as long as possible but after they clamps are unable to be tightened anymore
  he lets out a loud yell. She attaches a chain to each one of the clamps and
  lets it lay on his chest momentarily. 
   
  She lays two needles on his chest then licks down to the chain, bites down
  on it, and pulls on it hard. He cries out and he feels her pick up one of the
  needles. His mistress lays the point on his nipple and begins to push it through.
  Once it is in far enough to stay she lets it go and repeats the process with
  the other needle and nipple. Now she runs her fingers from the middle of his
  chest out to where the needles are sticking. She places a thumb on each needle
  and begins to push on them hard but making sure they puncture and go through
  his skin very slowly. He bites down hard on the gag and tears come to his eyes
  as both the needles exit his skin at the same time. 
   
  She lets the chain fall from her teeth and she releases his nipples from the
  clamps. As they are released, he cries out and squirms. She removes the blindfold
  wanting to see the pain in her slut's eyes. She picks up the lighter that she
  used earlier, then steps off the bed to reach into his pants pocket to find
  another lighter. His mistress gets back on the bed swinging a leg over him
  and sitting on his stomach. She holds a lighter in each hand and he hears them
  both flick. He can feel the needles going through his nipples begin to warm
  up at the top and then feels that warmness start to turn into an unbearable
  heat. He has never felt anything like this before. He has had his flesh burned
  but never has he felt something burn inside of him. It was excruciating. He
  cries out in pain only to be yelled at by his mistress. He can't help it. It
  hurts so much. Her slut cries out in pain, becoming louder and louder. He arches,
  twists, squirms in any way possible to get the needle out of the flame but
  she has him restrained so he can barely move two inches in any given direction.
  Finally, his mistress pulls the lighters away, but the metal needles are still
  red hot and burning him just as much as they were with the flame held on them.
  She reaches up and takes the gag out of his mouth. He doesn't say anything,
  his pain only being heard more clearly. 
   
&quot;You may speak.&quot; She says. 
   
&quot;Mistress, take them out. Please, I'll do whatever you want. They haven't
cooled down at all. Take them out mistress. I'm sorry I was a bad slut. I'm sorry
I forgot my place. I am your slut, your slave, your servant to use however you
please. Please mistress. Please.&quot; He frantically begs. 
   
&quot;Shhhh my boy, the heat will die out eventually. This punishment has nothing
to do with you being disobedient. I am still punishing you for misplacing the
handcuffs. If you think this hurts, just you wait until I really start to punish
you.&quot; She says. 
   
&quot;Yes mistress.&quot; He says. &quot;I thank you for your punishments, your
slut is very grateful. Your slut is ready for more, &quot; he says as the heat
finally dies out.  
   
&quot;Now slut, I think that is enough punishment for misplacing the handcuffs.&quot; She
says. &quot;We better get started on punishing you for being a disobedient, filthy
whore. What do you think?&quot; 
   
&quot;Yes mistress, if that is what mistress thinks I deserve.&quot; He says
in a slightly disrespectful tone. 
   
&quot;You better watch the way you speak to me slut. Am I really going to need
to retrain you on the proper and improper ways to speak to your mistress?&quot; She
asks. 
   
&quot;No mistress, I am sorry. I know better mistress, I won't do it again. Please
don't add any more punishment mistress. Slut hurts already.&quot; He begs. 
   
&quot;I know my filthy slut hurts. He is going to hurt more. Should I take you
off the bed slut? Would you like to be tied somewhere else?&quot; She says softly. 
   
&quot;No mistress, &quot; he answers, &quot;I am fine here. I am as comfortable
as possible, please don't move me.&quot; 
   
&quot;That is what I was afraid of slut. I think it is time to put you on the
cross. We can't have you being comfortable during punishment.&quot; She whispers
eyeing her slut up and down. 
   
  She slides down to the foot of the bed and runs her fingers teasingly over
  his legs. She then steps off the bed and walks to the small drawer by the bed
  and picks up a set of keys. With the keys in her hand, his mistress walks back
  to the foot of the bed and releases his ankles from the cuffs. His mistress
  then walks up to the head of the bed. &quot;Now this might hurt a little slut,
  not that it matters though.&quot; she says as she releases his wrists from
  the cuffs with the spikes coming out of his punctured skin. He winces as each
  wrist is released. 
   
&quot;OK slut, get off the bed and drop to your knees.&quot; She says. 
   
&quot;Yes mistress.&quot; He whispers as he picks his tortured body up and kneels
on the cold, hard concrete floor. 
   
&quot;Good slut, now dress me you dirty whore.&quot; She commands. 
   
  He crawls over to her pile of clothes and picks them up in his arms. He moves
  back over in front of his mistress and places the clothes at her feet. He leans
  over and kisses her boots then begins to pull her panties up her legs until
  they are in place. Next he picks up her short black skirt and pulls it up to
  her waist, this time making sure his fingers are touching her legs as he pulls
  the skirt up. She tenses and contemplates whether or not to punish him for
  this act, but decides against it when she looks down at his shaking body. He
  then picks up her black leather bra and holds it in his hands but remains on
  his knees waiting for permission to rise. She grants her slut permission and
  he slowly rises to his feet. As he is putting her bra on, he runs his eyes
  up his mistress' beautiful body and lays them on her eyes. He quickly looks
  back down to the ground however knowing he shouldn't have done that. Once the
  bra is hooked she orders, &quot;Down on all fours.&quot; He drops and waits
  for her next command. She leans over and runs a finger lightly over his jaw.
  She laughs slightly seeing how only one finger can make him tremble. She grabs
  the chain that still has not been taken off. &quot;Follow me pet.&quot; She
  demands and he does what he is told. She leads him over to the cross then commands
  him to stand and to put his wrists and ankles in the restraints and then she
  will tighten them and lock him in place. 
   
&quot;Yes mistress.&quot; He says as he stands and slips his hands and feet through
the loose restraints. 
   
&quot;Good boy.&quot; she says. She then reaches up and tightens the restraints
around his wrists. Then she lowers to her knees to lock his feet in place, but
first she teases him by running her tongue around his swollen member then begins
to take it in her mouth, but moves down more and secures his ankles in the restraints.
He lets out a whimper of disappointment. 
   
&quot;Stay put slut, I'm a little thirsty. I will be back shortly and we will
continue your punishment.&quot; She says as she walks away from him and up the
basement stairs.  
   
  He hears her footsteps come slowly down the stairs and can tell she is trying
  to be as quiet as possible so she does not alarm him of her approach. He decides
  to play along and keep his eyes shut and his head bowed respectfully. He struggles
  slightly with his restraints hoping to amuse his mistress. 
   
&quot;Stop moving slut&quot; she commands. &quot;Keep your eyes closed.&quot; She
moves towards him slowly and makes a quick stop at the bed. She picks up his
blindfold and ball gag. As she arrives in front of him she says, &quot;Head up
slut, but keep your eyes shut tight.&quot; He quickly does as she says making
sure his eyes are tightly shut. He feels the blindfold being placed over his
eyes and he whimpers slightly, not wanting it on. &quot;Shut the fuck up slut,&quot; she
says, &quot;and open your mouth.&quot; Again he obeys his mistress and is rewarded
with a sip of ice cold water, but then he has the gag shoved forcefully into
his mouth. 
   
&quot;Now slut, I thought I would give you a short break from being tortured.
At least from being tortured by pain. Would you like that you whore?&quot; She
asks. 
   
&quot;Yes mistress, slut would like that very much. Slut thanks you for your
generosity and mercy mistress.&quot; He answers. 
   
  His mistress becomes silent and he begins to shiver from being naked in the
  cold basement for so long. Suddenly he feels a freezing piece of ice touch
  his neck and he arches his back. He begins breathing faster as she slides the
  piece of ice down his body to his stomach and he begins to squirm. She slides
  the piece of ice over to his side and slowly moves it up. He struggles with
  his restraints, trying to get away from the ice. She laughs at his pathetic
  attempts to get free and moves the ice to his other side. He whimpers and squirms
  trying to get free and finally the ice melts. 
   
&quot;Did you like that slut?&quot; She asks. He nods his head. &quot;Would you
like more?&quot; He hesitates but knows he has to say yes and nods his head slowly. &quot;Good
boy.&quot; She says. She takes another piece of ice and begins moving it around
on his bare flesh making him squirm more. His mistress moves the ice to one of
his nipples and holds it there. He moans softly while still squirming. She lets
the ice melt there completely then bites his nipple sharply. He whimpers due
to his nipples already being tortured and tender. She then licks up to his neck
and bites sharply while simultaneously pulling the needle out of his hard nipple.
He winces as she does so. 
   
&quot;Did you like that slut? Would you like me to do it one more time you filthy
whore?&quot; She asks with a dark tone in her voice that makes him shake slightly. &quot;Not
that you have a choice anyway you dirty slut. But let's just pretend for one
second that you hold one ounce of decision making abilities you disgrace of a
slave. Would you like me to do it once more?&quot; 
   
  He nods his head and almost immediately after feels a cold piece of ice run
  across his skin. This time she bites his nipple gently before placing and holding
  the ice on it. She keeps it there until the ice is completely melted then leans
  in and bites his nipple harder than before. He whimpers loudly then begins
  to feel her pull hard. He bites down on the gag then she lets go. She leans
  back and jerks the other needle out. 
   
&quot;Now, now. We are going to have to make sure these don't get infected. You
stay put you dirty whore, I will be right back. I need to grab a bottle of peroxide.&quot; She
says as he whimpers slightly.  
   
  As soon as he hears his mistress walk up the stairs and shut the basement door
  he begins to rest back on the cross trying to get a little comfortable. He
  gives up after a few seconds knowing it is impossible with the spikes protruding
  from the cross. He decides to focus on moving his blindfold up a bit so he
  can see the marks on his body. He begins to rub his face on his arm try to
  push the blindfold up to his forehead. He begins to get frustrated because
  the blindfold has not moved an inch and decides to give up after a few more
  tries. On his last try the blindfold somehow catches on his arm and pulls all
  the way off his face and falls to the floor. He looks down at the blindfold
  terrified of what his mistress will do to him when she sees that the blindfold
  is on the floor. He struggles to get a hand free so he can grab the blindfold
  and put it back on. He pulls hard against the restraints but then hears the
  door open and the sound of his mistress' boots going down the concrete steps.
  As he sees the bottom of her boot he begins to shake. As her body becomes more
  and more visible he begins to breath faster and is now visibly terrified. His
  whole body trembles as she reaches the bottom of the stairs and sees that the
  blindfold is not on his face. 
   
&quot;What the fuck is this slut?&quot; she yells. &quot;What the fuck were you
thinking you filthy whore?&quot; She storms over to him and slaps him harder
then she ever has before. &quot;You are a disgrace. What the fuck has gotten
into slut?&quot; She grabs his hair tightly and yanks his head back exposing
his throat. &quot;You filthy disgrace of a slut, you know you are in huge fucking
trouble.&quot; She reaches behind him and unhooks the collar worn around his
neck. &quot;You don't even deserve to wear this. If you are lucky and prove your
worth to me once more i will not dispose of this collar and you. Do you understand
me slut?&quot; He looks into her eyes with tears in his from his collar being
taken away. &quot;Do. You. Understand me.&quot; she says slowly and forcefully.
He nods his head. 
   
  She knows how much this collar means to him. He has adored it since the day
  she placed it around his neck the night he proved to his mistress that he was
  truly devoted to her every need. She knows he would endure the pain of hell
  to get his collar back and she plans to exploit that fact as much as she possibly
  can. 
   
  She reaches up and frees one of his hands from its restraint. &quot;Slut, undo
  yourself then crawl over to me.&quot; She says as she turns her back and walks
  over the the bed. He promptly gets himself undone and follows his mistress
  on his hands and knees. As he arrives at her feet he stretches his arms out
  in front of him pressing his nose to the ground and his hands in-between his
  mistress' feet. She places her boot on the back of his head and pushes it into
  the ground further making him lay his head to the side so his nose does not
  break and continues to apply more pressure until most of his weight is on his
  head. &quot;Now slut, it is time for you to try to earn back your collar and
  try to gain back your devotion to me because it seems you have lost it.&quot; She
  lifts her boot off of her pathetic slaves face then crawls onto the bed and
  leans against the headboard. &quot;Now slut, go get a razor.&quot; He nods
  and crawls over to the dresser then opens the bottom drawer. He quickly grabs
  a razor, crawls to the bedside, then out stretches both hands palm up with
  the razo in the middle of the two offering it to his mistress. &quot;What the
  fuck are you handing me that for you disgrace? You are cutting yourself. Now
  slut, get on the foot of the bed and on your knees.&quot; With the gag still
  in his mouth all he can do is nod and do as he is told.  
   
&quot;Ok slut, first things first.&quot; She says as she throws a lighter at
him and hits her slut in the face with it. &quot;Take the gag out of your mouth,
this doesn't mean you have permission to talk though.&quot; She waits until he
timidly reaches behind his neck to undo the gag and removes it. &quot;Now, I
want you to do something to yourself to [revent you from talking, im not going
to be telling you what to do for these first few, i want to see how badly you
will torture yourself to please me.&quot;  
 
  He nods acknowledging that he understands what has just been said and looks
    down at the razor and lighter and thinks for a moment. He hesitantly reaches
    down and picks both the razor and the lighter up and looks up encouragement.
    Non is given so he looks down and flicks the lighter to produce a flame.
    He waits a few seconds before moving the razor over the flame and starts
    counting in his head '1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ......18, 19, 20.' He drops the lighter
    and looks at the red hot razor not sure if he wants to hurt himself this
    badly but knows it is for his mistress' pleasure. 
   
  She sees that the razor has a red shade from the heat and smiles slightly knowing
  what her slut is about to do. At the same time she wants to intervene and stop
  him from doing it because she has never hurt him as much as she thinks what
  he is about to do will hurt. His mistress watches intently, she notices that
  he is shaking all over and notices a few tears drop from his eyes in fear of
  what he is about to do. 
   
  He counts in his head '3, 2, 1' and then he puts the razor inside of his mouth
  and drops it on his tongue. Her slut screams in pain, then those screams become
  a mixture of high pitched whimpers and sobs. He wants desperately to put his
  head down and hide his pain but knows it will upset his mistress. He knows
  this is what she wants. The heat begins to die down but he is still just as
  loud. Tears run down his face and his watery eyes glance up at his mistress
  and sees a devilish smile on her face. Finally the heat has died out and he
  spits the razor out of his mouth. 
   
&quot;Come here, slut, show me your tongue.&quot; She commands and he crawls
up the bed slightly and sticks out his tongue slightly when he is in reach. She
picks her hand up and pulls his tongue out further so she can see the extent
of the burn. She gently runs a finger over it and sees her slut flinch and whimper
slightly. She then pulls his tongue out further and places her fingernail on
the back of the burn mark. His mistress looks into his eyes and pulls her nail
all the way across his tongue and laughs as he cries out in pain. &quot;Does
that hurt, my pet?&quot; She asks, and he nods and looks down. &quot;Good slut,
now, I want to see more. I want to see blood this time, and I want to see it
come from where you think or know it will hurt most. And don't think i don't
know where it hurts you.&quot; She says and expects him to cut his stomach knowing
that hurts him very much. 
   
  He nods and returns to the foot of the bed and settles on his knees. He picks
  the razor up and feels that it is still a bit warm and for some reason that
  shoots a sharp pain to his tongue and he cringes as that pain shoots through
  the rest of his body. He begins shaking again, knowing what he is about to
  do. He sticks out his tongue slowly and reaches for the razor. This time he
  doesn't even think about what he is going to do or the pain that will fill
  his body. All he thinks of is pleasing his mistress. He know longer cares about
  the consequences of what he does to himself as long as his mistress is happy.
  Slowly he raises the razor to his tongue and sets the tip at the point where
  his mistress just had her fingernail placed before she pulled it across the
  burn. 
   
  She looks at him, slightly in shock. She never expected that he would do that
  to himself. He has done it before, but not after burning his tongue with a
  razor that was literally red hot. 
   
  He closes his eyes tightly and presses the razor into his tongue. He knows
  if he does it fast it will hurt less, but for that reason alone he decides
  to pull it to the tip of his tongue very slowly. He doesn't count down to one
  in his head this time, he simply just begins to pull it across the tongue.
  He tries his best not to hide what he is feeling because he knows that his
  screams, whimpers, and squirms are some of the things his mistress likes best
  about him. He starts out whimpering that same high pitched whimper that he
  was doing when he was burning his tongue but steadily becomes louder and louder.
  His whimpers turn into screams. The screams turn into sobs but through all
  of this he continues to pull the razor down. Finally when the razor reaches
  the tip of his tongue he lets go of it letting it fall to the bed. He feels
  the blood filling his mouth but doesn't even think of taking any before his
  mistress a) has some first and b) grants him permission. 
   
&quot;Come here my slave.&quot; She says and he crawls back up to the bed and
opens his mouth to offer the blood. She runs a finger under his chin and pull
him closer then kisses him deeply taking every drop of blood into her mouth.
After she pulls away her slut moves back to the foot of the bed and waits for
the next set of guidelines on how he is to punish himself next.  
   
&quot;Well my slut, with those two acts alone I think you have proven your devotion
to once again. Don't get excited though, we are not done yet. I think I will
give you a short break. You are still not allowed to talk, you are not to move
from the position, and you sure as hell better not tend to any of your wounds.
I will be back shortly my pet.&quot; She says as she steps off the bed and pets
him momentarily and listens to him make a sound that is close to that of a purr. 
   
  He looks up at her with a bit of pride showing in his face. Not pride in himself,
  he has no need for a thing like that. It is a pride of proving to his mistress
  how much he means to her and how much pain and suffering he will go through
  just to please her. He feels now more than ever that he actually belongs to
  her. That feeling pushes the pain that is running through his body away. He
  smiles slightly at her and she smiles back affectionately. &quot;You are a
  good boy.&quot; She says as she turns to head up the stairs. 
   
  Just hearing those words sent a chill through his spine. It is not the first
  time he has been told this, but something in the tone of her voice was different
  this time. He hears his mistress reach the top of the stairs and then hears
  her footsteps echo down through the floor. He notices that she did not shut
  the door. He is slightly confused at this act because it has never happened
  before. He wonders if this is prompting him to follow, or if it is just a test
  to see what his reaction will be and if it will make him move to look. 
   
  She walks to the bedroom and flips on the television which is wired so that
  a camera that is hidden in the basement feeds right to the television screen.
  He has no idea that there is a camera in the room, she wants it this way so
  he doesn't know that he is always being watched. She relaxes on the bed for
  a moment watching him. He looks around the room a few times but stays on the
  bed. He doesn't even move an inch from the spot where he was when she left.
  She smiles at the quick transformation that had just occurred in her once devoted
  yet slightly stubborn and insubordinate slave. It seems to her that he has
  finally learned his place. She walks to the foot of the bed and gets on her
  knees, then reaches under the mattress and pulls out a metal box that was given
  to her by her slut a long time ago and he asked her to not open it until she
  feels that he has finally proven his total devotion and love to her. She has
  granted him this wish and has never looked in the box until now. She slowly
  enters the combination that she memorized long ago on the lock that prevented
  the box from being easily opened. Once the lock is unlocked she reaches to
  open it but stops wanting to give her slut the opportunity ro present her with
  the gift. 
   
  He is still kneeling in the same spot on the foot of the bed when he hears
  his mistress slowly come down the stairs. &quot;Close your eyes my love.&quot; She
  says and he does so without a second of hesitation. He hears her get closed
  and closer until he feels her get onto the bed. She places the metal box in
  front of him, still unopened, and tells him he may now open his eyes. He does
  and the first thing he sees is the metal box that he had given her suck a long
  time ago. His expressions brightens and he looks up to his mistress and almost
  says something but catches himself and puts his head back down. &quot;It is
  okay my love, you may speak freely.&quot; She says. 
   
&quot;Mistress, are you sure I deserve this. I mean, my actions tonight have
been very disrespectful.&quot; He whispers. 
   
&quot;Yes, my pet, I am most certain that you deserve this. Now, you may present
to me what is in the box, I have still not looked inside.&quot; She answers. 
   
  He looks up gratefully then back down at the box and places a hand on either
  side of the lid and lifts it up. He places both hands under the contents of
  the box and bows his head then lifts a finely crafted dagger to his mistress.
  She is in awe of the beauty of it. She has never seen such a finely crafted
  dagger in her life. Engraved on the blade is a short message. It reads: 
   
  The blood I spill from this dagger, I pray, will be the blood I spill from
  your name. 
   
  She understands it perfectly and tells him he is allowed to lift his head.
  She gently takes the dagger up into both of her hands. She steps off of the
  bed and tells him to lay on his back. He shifts so that he is centered in the
  bed and lays down, arms and legs spread. &quot;Good boy.&quot; She whispers
  as she straddles him just above his waist. She holds the dagger firmly in her
  right hand and leans in. &quot;Now my pet. You are to keep your eyes closed,
  but I want you to recite each letter I carve into your chest. Nod if you understand.&quot; She
  whispers in his ear and he nods quickly and shuts his eyes. She positions his
  blade directly above his heart and carves a short horizontal line, then a slightly
  longer vertical line. &quot;T&quot; he whispers. She moves to the right slightly
  and carves a circle with a line on the right side. &quot;A&quot; he whispers.
  Again she moves the blade over and carves a line with a short arch connecting
  to the top of the line. &quot;R&quot; he whispers slightly whimpering this
  time. Once more she moves to the right and carves to diagonal line, one longer
  to the other and connected. &quot;Y&quot; he whispers. Finally she moves over
  for the last time and carves three lines, to vertical, with one diagonal connecting
  the two. &quot;N&quot; he whispers and smiles slightly. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris Hack


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





