BDSM Library - Holly the Puppy Girl




Holly the Puppy Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a creative story about a transformation to be trained as a non human Puppy Girl / Puppygirl. Living in South Dakota Holly is a 15 teen year old American Girl. She is to become live stock... Holly this little brat will soon get what's coming to her...



Holly the Puppy Girl - Chapter 1







  Author Jon Scholl
  E-mail trainer81@gtpals.com 
  This is aRegister List It will tell you where all my stories are located.  Which story sites that I have allowed them too be on.   If you should find one of my stories listed else where without my knowledge.
  Please report this too me at once.  I will deal with it!
  E-mail trainer81@gtpals.com 
  This story may be downloaded by my readers uniquely for their private use and not to be edited, and may not be distributed for profit or posted to newsgroups or other websites, providing the usual precautions have been taken to prevent it being read by unauthorized persons, especially under age children, or by people who might be offended by its contents. This is fiction, it is a story and is not meant to depict real events.
  Holly the Puppy Girl is now under
  US Novel copyrights.
  &nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  &ldquo;Holly the Puppy Girl&rdquo;
  This is a creative story about a transformation to be trained as a non human Puppy Teen Girl. Living in South Dakota Holly is a 15 year old white American Girl.  Holly had such a good future planed out for herself but today that was about to change!
  For those that enjoy forced enslavement and submission.
  This is for you! 
  Play and read along with Holly, as she journeys through life.
  
  &nbsp;
  Chapter 1. 
  Holly&rsquo;s kidnapping.
  It all began on a late Friday afternoon.  Approaching the parking lot of Perkins.  She had taken a left turn driving her Red Dakota into the employee section of the lot.  As she found herself a spot.  Well listening to her Haily Duff music.
  Holly noticed the time looking down at the car&rsquo;s clock.
  &ldquo;Only half an hour before I clock in.  Perfect,&rdquo; Holly thought to herself aloud.  She looked out her side window at the clear blue sky wondering what this Friday evening would bring her.
   It's a late afternoon.  The Sun&rsquo;s out and  kind of warm for a  Friday afternoon like today.  It is also windy but still a nice day thought Holly.
  It was only weeks away before summer vacation even started which Holly looked so forward to.  She looked very eager too having more time with her fellow girlfriends!  Outside of School.  She also loved to date older guys in there college years.
  Holly walks up to the front door of Perkins, walking though the door into the lobby.  Her tight ass wiggles very slowly from side too side as, Holly&rsquo;s ass crack shows down the middle of her tight pants.
   She has other things on her pretty little mind besides work.   As usual she was only thinking of herself.  However, she did want the extra money to so she was kind of trapped here until she found something better.  This was her first job after all and the only employment she could find for right now. 
  One thing for sure though Holly loved her days at the Mall.  Saturday she would spend all day there with her friends or some cute boy, on the football team! 
  In fact, she has the entire day planed for tomorrow with her two girlfriends, Cindy and Melinda!
   We have plans to check out the clothing store DEB.  She is also looking forward too checking out the cute guys.
   She had to smile at that thought.
  She is in for an 8-hour shift.  Which Holly would rather skip tonight.  She already has her 35 hours in, which were fine, with her.  &ldquo;Hmm, hmm,&rdquo; Thinking to herself quietly.  She is hoping she would get off early tonight.
   She is well, one pretty brat always sucking up to get what she wants.  Holly always sees herself in control, of things.  Even in the guys, she dated.
  She has everything going for her cute guy&rsquo;s, high-class friends.  Loving parents!
  Holly walked up to the counter within the front lobby.  Too her horror finding Juile, the head Manger! Of Perkins.
  &quot;What,&quot; She spoke to herself silently, but she almost said it aloud.  As she was in a bit of a shock.  She did a good job of hiding what she really felt.
  It took her by surprise.  Holly quickly put on her warm gentle face.
  What No! She never work&rsquo;s Friday, nights! At lest she hadn&rsquo;t for a awhile anyway.  Holly thought to herself what the crap is going on, man?
   Holly was worried; Juile might have her work late though.  Maybe do a lot, of dumb clean ups before she gets off work.  Holly did not really want that.
  Juile stood beside the counter.  She was wearing one of her blue business suits.  Very high standard, style.
   Holly reached out, as her tiny slim hand starting to stroke the right side of her soft hair.  She brushed her brown hair back and forth slowly.
  She did only for an instant than she quite.
  Holly was a little nervous!
  &ldquo;Hi Holly!&rdquo; Juile said, looking over at her young employee.  Moments ago, she took in a quick look of the beautiful teen, from when she walked through the front door.
  Those thigh curves where so slender.
   Pretty, Holly made such a sexy sight.  Juile admired her so much, so attractive in these tight clothes which were part of her uniform.  Holly had on her White Perkins shirt, size small with short sleeves.
  Juile loved her smooth curves, her slim body from waste down fitted into those tight cotton pants, quite sexy.  They made her ass most attractive, she thought.  She smiled!
  &ldquo;Hi their,&rdquo; She responds.  Speaking softly in her most sweet voice.
  Dam it she is early...  Juile spoke to herself quietly.  Holly is one well-built girl.  So young and cute for the taking.
  Neckline brown hair, blue eyes.  Any girl in her whole School would kill for her sweet body.  She is a beautiful babe.  No fat on her entire body, what so ever.  She&rsquo;s only 15 teen years old with a soft baby, skin face of a 6 year old.
  Holly kept in shape, well maintaining her babe like figure.  Her nicely sized hips, round cute thin thighs.  Which her very hot slim legs as the same for her lovely thin arms.  Holly is not much of a muscular girl.  If anything, she is a wimp.
   She would never last long in a fight!
  She stood 4&rsquo;0&rdquo; tall.  For Holly's size in shape, she is pretty skinny.  With the most prettiest body frame, of a delicate doll.  Of a hand crafted, doll that is!
   Her brown lovely hair runs down her neck and along side her ears slightly to the side of her forehead.  Holly was very much in love with her hair, it&rsquo;s so young and pretty. 
   In matter of fact, she would treat her hair better than she would her friends.  In words, Holly loved herself over anyone else.
  Little Holly eye's are light blue, with a 20 inch waist. Weighing only about 90 pounds, with no baby fat and a flat tone tummy.  Holly&rsquo;s breasts are the size of perfectly round smooth apples, still within there young development stages.
  &ldquo;Hey Juile.  I&rsquo;d like to order a slice of Strawberry pie, before work?&rdquo; Holly asked.  Looking Juile in the eyes.  Holly had to keep herself form laughing at her perm.
  She thought that hairdo looked terrible!
  &ldquo;Sure what&rsquo;s your number?&rdquo; She responds, using a firm tone with, Holly.  Juile slightly rubs the back of her head.  She pulled her black colored ponytail slightly over her right shoulder.  As she spoke with the teen.
  &ldquo;Oh yeah.  My ID number, it&rsquo;s 31,&rdquo; She was looking at the employee time chart, kept near the counter, next to the employee phone.
  Juile worked the computer inputting, Holly&rsquo;s order. 
  The computer, Juile used is a standard touch screen model linked to the main computer within the main office.
  &ldquo;So you like Strawberry Pie still?&rdquo; She asked looking over at, Holly talking to her back.  She was still looking at the employee time chart.  She wanted to see whom else she was working with tonight.
  Juile tried very hard from grabbing her sweet buns, but it was not easy!  &ldquo;Easy now.  All in due time,&rdquo; She thought quietly under her harsh breath.
  &ldquo;Yep,&rdquo; Holly turned her body, left to leave facing the walkway that lead into the kitchen.  Her ass wiggled inside those tight pants, as she took those gentle baby steps. 
  She headed for the break room, way in the back of the building.  The Break room is on the right hand side next to the bakery and kitchen.
  &ldquo;Your Pie is ready, Holly you can get it anytime,&rdquo; She said aloud.  She watched her lovely employee leave, well keeping one eye on her lovely smooth back all the way down to her little ass.
  &ldquo;Thanks Juile,&rdquo; Tossing her head over her shoulder looking back.  She gave one of her friendly smiles.
  &ldquo;Anytime,&rdquo; She said.
  Holly was about to walk into the kitchen area from be hide the counter.  She notices a strong feeling come over herself, as if she is being watched, or so she thought.
   It did not look very busy right now. Not at all.  Her little mind didn&rsquo;t care. 
  She sees the black hair man, she seated only a few days ago.  It was last week, a Friday like tonight.
  However, when she seated him it was latter into the evening though.  It must of been after the dinner rush.  She thought.
  Holly figured he was in his mid 20&rsquo;s something like that.  In her eyes he looked a bit cute about 6&rsquo;0&rdquo; tall.  But yet he gave her the goose bumps. 
  But something about him bugged her.
  She shakes her head away slowly, rubbing off the sick feeling she felt from him.  Holly hoped that he would be gone around the time she clocked in.  Holly thought the gentleman was watching her but she figured it doesn&rsquo;t matter.  She loved attention.
  The pretty teen continues into the back.  Heading for the break room.  Her smooth ass wiggles from her rear.
  Walking by the cook section.  &ldquo;Hi Alan,&rdquo; She smiled happily.  She poked her head into the walkway, of the cook section.  She stood on one foot, raising her right leg into the air.  Holly held onto the sidewall with her left hand, well supporting herself.
  &ldquo;Hey Holly.  What&rsquo;s up?&rdquo;  Asked Alan. He turned his head away from the grill.  As he was busy cooking.
  Alan is around 19 years old he stood about 5'4&quot; tall, green eyes, 130lbs.  Anyone that would notice him they could tell he is the kind of guy that likes to stay in shape.
  &ldquo;Not much.  Just trying to keep busy,&rdquo;  Holly spoke quickly again before, Alan could talk or say anything.  &ldquo;What chart are you on?&rdquo;
  &ldquo;Well were on a 1 chart right now.  But we have, Kelly and Dave coming in at 5 o'clock.&rdquo;
  &ldquo;Oh yeah I forgot, I say that on the time sheet,&rdquo; Holly Said.  &ldquo;What time are you on?&rdquo;  Alan asked her.
  &ldquo;Around 5...  I believe,&rdquo; She responds, heading away from Alan.   &ldquo;All see you on the floor!&rdquo; He grins at the young bottom.  Watches, Holly take her leave.  Yeah right, Alan thought to himself as he viewed her below the waste.  Wanting those sweet smooth legs.
  Holly hurries over to the Servers section to were the pies where kept.
  Everything seemed out of place some how. She felt it!  But she rubbed it off.  Because she never had these kind of feelings before, Holly let it go.  She always had people looking her over.  She thought let the boys have their fun!
   I choose to rub it away, but latter I would be sorry, very sorry!
  &#9;Latter 4:15pm
  Holly is sitting in the break room.  Minding her own business, eating the Straw Berry Pie she bought off of her employee credit, just a bit ago. She also had with her a Mello Yellow, in a large glass with a red straw.
  She also took a few extra sips from that as well!
  The soda was now half-empty.
  She sat in the green chair, the only one in the break room, on the far right of the table.  She sat near the door. Which faced her back.
  Holly&rsquo;s ass nicely fit into the seat.  Let&rsquo;s just say if you had a chance to fuck this delicious ass!
   This little lady she would fit right between any man&rsquo;s legs with a nice round, smooth buns worth having!
  She happily eats her pie!  Strawberries are Holly&rsquo;s favorite dish.  They have been ever since her early childhood, she loved them so much.  Her Mom got her started on Strawberries in fact, she grew to love them every since.
  She ate away for getting all about the world around her.  All she thought about was that slice, of half eaten Pie!
  --------------
  After Holly left, Juile&rsquo;s complete sight.  She licked her lips from the thought about what was about to happen!
  As she turned her head trod the lobby from were she stood be hide the counter.  She tried to keep busy or so it seemed that way.
  The man in his late 20&rsquo;s looked over at, Juile watching her in motion.  As he waited for her single.  For the plan to be set into stage 2!
  He sat in the third booth up front in the dinning room.
  His table is near the front lobby.  He tried keeping busy reading the paper but in reality, he was only acting it!
  Playing along in his role.
  --------------------
  Back in the break room Holly busied herself reading the buy it now ads.  She held in her two hand&rsquo;s the South Dakota, Newspaper.
  I need to buy a new computer for myself man.  My old PC it is totally shot!  As I read the paper closely.  I did not want to take the chance of missing anything.
  &ldquo;Ah there we go!&rdquo; She said to herself aloud.
  Holly already found two PC&rsquo;s that interest her.
   She held the paper within her right hand.  As her other hand reach&rsquo;s, for her cold Mello Yellow.
  What interest me the most were the two used computers to choose from?  One was a Gateway system the other is an IBM.  Both windows 98 OS systems, very cool!
  I had to take the Gateway into idea, their good deals for sure.  I even liked the cost of it!  My friend Katie has one.
   I loved that computer.  I sure took to it, the first time I say it.
  Few minutes pass...
  Quietly approaching up be hide her, stepping into the break room.  
He lurked from be hide Holly!
   He carried something from be hind, his back held within is left hand.
  She sat there so focused looking at the ads, Holly didn&rsquo;t even notice it tell it was too late!!!
  &quot;Umm, Ah, ah,&quot; She screamed wildly!
  &nbsp;
  End Chapter 1.
  &nbsp;







Holly the Puppy Girl - Chapter 2







  Chapter 2.
  &quot;Holly&rsquo;s kidnapping.&quot;
  Holly jerked wildly as she was grabbed from be hind.  Alan grabs her forcibly pulling her from her chair as he roughly lifts the kicking teen into the open air!
  With his left hand free Alan quickly covers her mouth with a damp white rang.  That he hide from be hind his back.  Holding it above her face.  The rang is soaked in a strong smelly odor!  She wiggles trying to get away but Alan held onto her tightly.  Never in my life have I been so scared! 
   Holly gags as her face turns light red.  She continues breathing a great deal though her nose, trying to breathe the fresh air but only slightly.
  Alan loved teasing his toys even if they belonged to someone else.  He grins rubbing his nose into the back of Holly&rsquo;s head.  Smelling her tender skin.  Slowly moving his hand to cover her nose as well holding a firm grip on her mouth.
  &quot;Ummm, N..., No. oh!&quot; she said, as Alan covered up her cute button nose...  She squealed over powered as she's just been forcibly, forced to breath the funky odor.  Her lungs where burning up they wanted fresh air!
  &ldquo;Hmm, hmm,&rdquo; Her head bucks backward in shock, Holly&rsquo;s blue eyes open wide from the pain she felt.  Tears fill&rsquo;s her eyelids as they started soaking down her face, slowly.
  He is holding me tightly around the waste, as his right arm held me forcibly covering my chest and ribcage.  As I keep struggling to get free! From this wacko!  I just can&rsquo;t over come this pain...  It hurt&rsquo;s my insides so great!
  Pain I never felt before, within my entire life.  I ached everywhere.  Horrified of what he might do to me, me...
  Holly kicked wildly as she continues her struggle, to get loose.  Horrified, as she is right up ageist Alan&rsquo;s warm body, firmly held in place.  Alan held her tiny sexy body from waste down. 
  &ldquo;Be a good girl and let me do this job, Holly!!!&rdquo; Alan spoke softly into her left ear.  &quot;Be a good girl.  Their, there baby,&quot;  He lifted her legs completely off the floor, which were some what weak now as the two pair slowly came to an ending, in it&rsquo;s kicking effect.
  She became so exhausted.  She felt dazed like a rang doll just wanting to give up.  But no I had to fight him off or no tilling what...
  She tried something new.  She held her breath!  But Alan knew right away what was happening, he pressed his right elbow down hard!  Right between her chest and abdomen forcing Holly to exhale.  Alan is finely able to have control over her breathing, even now as she just inhaled.  At the same time breathing the odder!
  The urge to breath was to strong!
  Alan now ad complete handle over her!
  She cried overcome in tears, putting up what little fight she had left.  Unable to focus becoming very dizzy!  Her legs just dropped in mid air.  Hanging there.
  Confined within his strong grip!  I was trapped, caged as his arms where around me.  Alan leaned up against the wall for more support!
   I could tell he wanted to have more control over me, as he held me tighter.  Alan just wouldn't let me go as I tried to struggle!  But each time I struggled, it would just cause me more pain!
  All I could think about was getting away from Alan.  He would touch my thighs tightening his hold.
  I knew as I had to get out of here, away from him, knowing he'd hurt me or worse!  If I could only get out of this Break room...  Th, then...  Oh my head it hurt so much!  It almost hurt to think!  A full blown headache, the pai, pain I felt.
  I had a major headache coming on!  The room was moving around in circles.
  I knew fear was getting the worse of me.  The discomfort I felt, his manhandling.
  So confused I couldn&rsquo;t think anymore.  My body just gave in leaning up against Alan&rsquo;s chest.  So comfortable, so warm!
  Holly yawned a great deal.  Her head became heavy.
  Holly's mind raced in thought as she tried to think of a way out!  Her only hope someone would walk in!
  She tried to struggle some more, overcome with tears, flowing down her face.   Touching Alan&rsquo;s own body, I could feel his cock though his jeans as it harden.  It was big! She felt it grow up near her ass crack.  She wined, screaming weakly into her gag, which was still held over her face.
  Her little feet tried kicking Alan in the legs, as she kicked him from be hide her.  But her legs ached so much.  They grew stiff!
  &ldquo;Now your going to pay bitch! For turning me down.  I'm maybe a cook here, but you could of still dated me!&rdquo; He licked the back side of her neck slightly kissing her at the same time.
  I trembled as he slightly kissed me on the neck.  I felt a shiver down my spine at the same time, Alan took his right hand very slowly moving down trod my thighs.  He grabbed right between my legs.
  Holly trembled in fear of what was to happen next.
   He roughly reached down invading my vagina poking two of his fingers inward.  &ldquo;Oh umm,&rdquo; Almost reaching a complex.  Alan removed his hand from my pussy.
  Her sweet blue eyes hurt!  Holly had to blank continuously over and over again.  She tried shaking it off but Alan held her head firmly!  She became dizzy as the room moved around in circles.  Back and forth!
  I needed to force my eye lids to stay open, man.  They were heavy they ached so much, they felt like they were dry.  I fought to stay awake.
  &ldquo;N, No help me, ple--ase umm,&rdquo; She struggles unable to think trying to keep any of her thoughts clear.  Without  a single notice Julie stood in front of Holly!
  The dazed teen could do nothing but look at her.  That grin from her face beaming down at her.
  Julie grabbed me by my limp leg&rsquo;s, by the knees.
   She held them out straight half way in the air.
  Totally uncomfortable as she bends them. 
   She could not help but cry as they held her hanging as she became real sleepy and dizzy.
  She fought to stay awake!
  &ldquo;Yes I think it&rsquo;s working!&rdquo; Julie said out loud.  She moved her way up trod, Holly&rsquo;s thighs.  Grabbing hold right below her butt locks.  She let Holly's legs go as they once more hanged in mid air.
  She squeezed Holly&rsquo;s butt locks with her firm hands!  Well holding onto her thighs.  Julie smiled with joy.  &ldquo;Yes very nice. I like, Holly.  Your such a good Girl,&rdquo; Looking down at the half drugged Holly.
  &quot;You have the making of a true submissive,&quot; Julie said.
  Holly looked at Julie as she squealed, in fear!
  &ldquo;Right! It&rsquo;s breathing is slowing.  One more minute and we have dead weight!&rdquo; Alan seemed delighted, with  enthusiasm.  In the tone of his voice.  Looking forward to what was going to happen next.
  She is a trapped, Bunny as the chloroform took it&rsquo;s tone on her, body.
  Julie reached into her left packet and took out a thin like needle.  As she held it in both hands, she took off the safety cap.
  Her eye's grew wide as she say her employer holding a medical needle.
  I watched as Julie came trod me with it.  &quot;No, no uumm,&quot; Please don't do this to me, she pleaded.  Hardly able to speak.  All that could be heard where moans now.
   But no one could really hear her or understand her as the rang was covered over her entire face.  All that could be heard where, were just my moans.
  She grabbed Holly's arm just above the elbow, she had to hold her arm firmly with force. As she struggled, just like any wild animal would.  &quot;I know your scared.  But don't worry, such a nice future has been planed for you!&quot;
  As Julie brought the needle closer the little tip poked through the tender skin.  A white mixture entered Holly's blood stream.  Holly looked down in fear from what Julie had just done.
  Julie patted Holly on the head, slowly stroking her soft hair.  &quot;Good Girl, yes you are.  Good girl!&quot;
  Holly started slipping very fast into a deep relaxed sleep.  Fear of what might happen to her.  She became frighten and humiliated as the side of her head fall&rsquo;s back onto, Alan&rsquo;s shoulder.  A nicely round shaped head rested there, just now!
  Allot had just happened to Holly today.  More will soon follow.  As the day is not over yet!
  Julie and Alan could hear her peaceful yawns!  From underneath the white rang.
  Alan let go of the tight position he held around her chest.  Right away grabbing Holly from under her arms, just as he let go of the waste line.
   Alan now had her by the arm pits from be hide her shoulders.  Holly&rsquo;s arm&rsquo;s were hanging from side to side.  They where limp.
  &ldquo;For 90lbs she's not bad,&rdquo; Said Alan.  He dropped the rang from his right hand.  As it fall to the floor beside him.
  &ldquo;Get the goods on the table, Alan,&rdquo; Julie spoke quickly.
   Alan and Julie laid her on the break room table.
  &quot;Yep.   There we go!&quot; He smiles happily down at the teen. 
   &quot;There,&quot; Julie just finished positioning the lovely Holly for display.  She wanted the teen's legs straighten out as she lays on the table to be displayed.
  As she reaches down, she grins with great joy.  Fuddling below her ass.
  She rest there, on the slightly dirty table like a rang doll, which by the way she was treated.  Like a doll.
   Slowly taking short breaths with her mouth wide open. Holly's face was still a bit red from crying as she was covered in her dried tears.
  Her hair is very damp!
  &quot;Well, well.  Little girl!  Your so pretty,&quot; Julie beamed with satisfaction.  Looking down at the helpless brown head.
  Julie rubbed her hand from under Holly's ass slowly molesting her, finally happy from what she just did to the little, spoiled brat.  Her sexual needs were filled, with pleasure!
  Only 5 minutes since Holly has been out...
  Alan was busy having his own fun.  As he's getting Holly ready for her new life.  He slowly messaged her legs.  Rubbing his hand slowly up and down her right leg from Holly's thigh to her feet.
  Alan removed her right shoe, as Julie stood by, she grabbed the nicely black leather shoe from him.
   &quot;Nice leather huh, Julie,&quot; Looking over at Julie as she stood near his right side.
  Alan fuddled her left leg slowly messaging her from thigh down.  He lightly squeezed her leg muscles below the knee cap.  They were so tender and soft.
  &quot;Yeah they are.  I'd like to have first tip's , on these,&quot; Alan explained to Julie as he pulled off the leather shoe from Holly's left foot. 
  &quot;Sure, No problem.  I just want that, Perkins shirt back!&quot; She grabs the left shoe from Alan.  She placed the leather shoe's down on the table.  Right above Holly's head.  They laid only 5 inches away from her.
  &quot;I have a sister, that those shoe's would fit perfectly man.  She'd love to have them,&quot; Alan said.  As he's busy undressing Holly.  He loved the feel of her tender skin, so soft and smooth.  He smiled happily.
  &quot;All be right back!&quot; As Julie left the break room in a little bit of a hurry.
  &quot;Their you go, bitch.  Oh yeah!&quot; He picked up the white rang from the floor, that's soaked with chloroform.
  Alan began using the rang to wipe Holly's face of the dried up tears and sweat!  &quot;Excellent, Holly.  Your looking better girl.&quot;
  Alan is just about to remove Holly's white dress shirt from her body.  When in walked Julie following her a black hair friend.  The guy from the dining room.
  They joined Alan standing by him, to his right.
  &quot;Ah so, sweet.  Excellent guys.  Not bad, everything's going as we planed.  Perfect...&quot; Buck stopped talking, as he watched the young man remove the white shirt.
  Slowly watching as the buttons came undone one by one.
  He now stood over Holly.  Reaching down with both hands.  &quot;Wait!&quot; Alan said in a hurry to Buck.  He quickly grabs her from be hide.  Alan lifts, Holly into a sitting position.  As he held the poor thing around her rib cage, just below her apple shaped breasts.
  Holly's head dropped forward, as she sat on the table held up by Alan's support.  &quot;Ah, very nice,&quot; He smiles happily. Buck grabs for, Holly's bra strap with his pocket knife, held in his other hand. 
  The pocket knife sliced the front of her bra, right between her breasts.  The white cotton started to break loose!
  Buck snatches it between her breasts pulling it off, as he tossed it to the floor without a care.
  Alan lays her back down on the table gently, not wanting to damage the goods!
  Buck was delighted in what he say, she slept their like a new born child.  He loved fresh new animals!
  &quot;What do you think?&quot; She asked quickly.
  She looked at the teen's lovely apple shape breasts.
  She knew right away she was turned on by those tiny pinkish nipples.  So round and tender.
  &quot;I think I just bought one fine, piece of live stock!&quot;
  Laughs as he grins with joy!
  Alan petted Holly's head slowly stroking back and forth, down between the middle of her head.
  Holly's hair was already missed up from the struggle and now being manhandled.  In the future she would be treated just as any low life.  Her head slightly moved to her left motionless as his fingers pawed through her light brown hair.
  &quot;Yes, Julie we have a sale.  This is one fine piece of healthy meat.  Just what all be needing,&quot; Buck said out loud so that everyone could hear him.  He slowly pets her now naked tummy, just below her breasts.  As his hand moved slowly up trod underneath Holly&rsquo;s apple breasts.
   
  &ldquo;Hmm.  Yes...&rdquo; He pets her beneath her breasts.  Slowly rubbing back and forth.
   Buck wanted to check for baby fat, but he found very little fat, just as he started petting her lovely round breasts.
  Julie now stood over the sleeping Holly from the edge to where her head laid on the table.  &quot;Well, well what do we got here!  You want rest of her cloths.&quot;  All 3 of them laughed, at his joked along side Julie.
  Buck pulled down Holly's tight cotton pants!  He forced his left hand down between her middle, slowly striping away any dignity she had left.
   The black cotton pants came off as she was now half naked among strangers.
  &quot;You can have these!&quot; Hands them to Julie.  &quot;Her skin.  It's even pinkish all over, I love it.  Lovely legs in deed,&quot; Buck acknowledged to himself that Holly truly was his property, now.
  With a few good modifications of cross she'd make a good animal.  Buck thought.
   
  &quot;So what about the employment papers?&quot; Asked Alan.
  Julie moved her hand slowly from her apple shaped breasts, to her tiny round pink nipple.  She pitched her left nipple, slightly pulling on it.  It became slightly longer as she slowly pulled it.  Little drops of white fluid emerged from the tiny pink nipple.  &ldquo;Hmm, oh yeah.  Your getting one fine milkier here,&rdquo; Julie said as she&rsquo;s continues teasing youngster.
  As she played with it, it became slightly red due to her rough play...
  Well talking too Julie at the same time he petted sweet Holly on the tummy.  &quot;I have those papers in my office.  Holly's paper work, arrived about two day's ago,&quot; Julie explained well smiling.
  &quot;So she's ready for her transfer,&quot; He asked quickly.  &quot;Yes she's ready as she'll every be, Buck,&quot; She looked Buck in the eyes as she smiled down at the teenager.
  Julie kissed Holly on the forehead very gently.  She held the young teen by holding the back of her head steady.
  Good luck in your new future baby.  Julie whispers softly into her left ear.
  She walks away from Holly heading for the door.
  &quot;Will be doing the, slut's employment papers! I need you to finish packaging it,&quot; She said too Alan.  As the two headed for her office, next door from the break room.
  &quot;Right be hide you.  I want to get this taken care of soon as possible,&quot; Buck smiled as he explained his plans to her.
  &quot;Right all get right to it,&quot; He now held the girl below her legs.  She was lifted into the air.  With one hand free Alan fuddled her buttlocks, as rips the cotton panties from beneath her.  Tossing them to the floor.
  There surely would be no mercy for the poor teen as Alan continued, his rough play!
  As Buck and Julie left to take care of poor, Holly's future.
  In walks Jenny.  She work&rsquo;s at Perkins as a Server. 
  A part timer only.  But today her job is a lot different then anything else.  She could even think of  as having the chance to make big bucks!
  She gazed happily watching cute little Holly.  She loved how peaceful she looked so sound asleep.  In her right arm she carried a Pet taxi, made just for Holly's size and shape.
   Inside it was a large thin white blanket.  Soft and with comfort to last.
  &quot;Oh man I missed all the fun!&quot; She wines.  As she place's the Pet taxi on the break room table.  Doing this she opens the doggy door grabbing the comfortable blanket, in hand.
  &quot;Not really, Jenny.  The fun part will be getting that, $5,000,&quot; Alan said.  &quot;Oh yeah I know what you mean,&quot; Jenny replies.  She cups Holly's left breast firmly squeezing the tender flesh a bit then she let go within a few seconds.  She smiled delighted with joy.  Red marks could be seen from where her breast was just insulted.
  &quot;I can't say I won't be sorry to see her go, Alan.  But getting a chance to see, Holly.  I mean this makes my day!&quot; She grins happily.  Her hand runs down Holly&rsquo;s nude body exploring the young youth.  Jenny looks Alan in the eyes as she looks at him then back over at Holly.  Touching below her waist petting the thighs, feeling the firm skin. 
  After a bit her hand make&rsquo;s its way between Holly&rsquo;s legs.
  Smiling down at her she slightly strokes slowly back and forth.  Rubbing her hand roughly into the teen&rsquo;s pussy mound.
  Laying on the Break room table spread out on her back.
  Holly&rsquo;s body squirms slightly moving as she could be seen patting in heat.  Alan felt her forehead, &ldquo;She really is a slut.  Your making her warm all over,&rdquo; He laughs giggling over Holly&rsquo;s humiliation.
  &ldquo;Umm,&rdquo; Licking two of his fingers, Alan pinched her right nipple gently making it long and hard.  Bending down on his two knees.  He moves his mouth inward sealing his lips around the tiny hard nipple. 
  Alan slowly begins to suck it trying to draw out what little moisture he could.  Stopping Alan got to his feet well licking his lips.  Little nips of smooth milk could be seen dripping from her nipple.
   It was only a few seconds but Jenny quite before Holly could cum all over her hand.  She had her fun with the new slave.
  Later&hellip;
  As Jenny position's a white blanket soft.  She opens it up, laying it down on the floor.  Now that the blanket is laid out on the floor.  Alan grabs Holly placing her into his powerful arms picking her up off the table.  He laid her down on the softness.  &quot;Take that shirt off please, Julie wants to save it,&quot; Alan spoke quickly.
  &quot;I bet man,&quot; She bends down starting to message Holly's shoulders.
  She grabs around the thin little body grabbing the unbutton Perkins shirt.  She pealed it away from underneath her arms.  The slut was now exposed for anyone to see.  Would she every wear clothing again?
  &quot;Wow not bad. We make a great team, Master,&quot; Jenny said.  Grabbing it, she folded the size small shirt and placed it on the table next to the leather shoes.  Were it wouldn't get dirty.
  &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not your Master yet, Jenny.  Your still under my training,&rdquo; He watches his girl as she handles Holly.
  &ldquo;True I guess.  It&rsquo;s just that we&rsquo;ve been dating like for 6 months now,&rdquo; Jenny was busy combing Holly&rsquo;s hair.
  &ldquo;When I get you into my place Jenny, then you can call me Master,&rdquo; Alan stroked the young girl between her legs.  He petted her soft brown public hair.  He noticed it was damp.  If Holly were awake right about now she'd be moaning really loud.  From this forced sexual play!
  Her nipples could be seen becoming slightly hard.
  &quot;Oh god this slut is wet, Jenny!  I can't believe she's already becoming a whore,&quot; They both laugh with sweet joy, for her.
  After warping her in the blanket Alan lifts Holly off the floor, carrying the tiny body over to were the Pet taxi was.  Holly's body is curled up into a ball, soundly resting within her white soft blanket.  Only her head poked though.
  &quot;Ah Sleep well, Holly,&quot; Jenny close's the Pet taxi door on what was left of the young girl&rsquo;s freedom.  As she just became no more then just a lowly animal.
  Jenny tightens the brace lock into place, on Holly&rsquo;s carrier.  &quot;How much dose she weigh?  I couldn&lsquo;t really tell.&quot;
  &quot;Oh about 90 pounds,&quot; Alan said well looking over at Holly's former shoe's.  He talked about Holly as if she didn't matter anymore.  She was nothing but live stock now, only to be sold.
  &quot;That's not bad!&quot; She laughs.  She lifts the pet taxi carrying it a little ways over the break room door.  She placed the large Pet taxi, setting it on the metal wheel kart.
  Holly is now ready for transfer...
  Seconds pass...
  Julie and Buck return from there short meeting from Julie&rsquo;s office.  This time she held a big brown envelop within her right hand.  In it where Holly's employment papers.
   The very papers which allowed Julie to transfer Holly over to Buck as his new employee.
  Buck now had full legal rights over Holly's future, to do with what he pleased, with her.  Body and all!
  As I smiled I just had one of my dreamy flash back... 
   I memorized back to last week on a Friday night.
  It was late that evening, I'm heading home with a new package I just picked up from South Dakota.  She came from Asia, a 10 year old Asian Girl,  soon to be trained of cross.  This one sure cost me a buddle, but worth it, every penny I tell yeah.  I knew for a fact Asians were born submissive.  So that helped allot.
  On my way back home I noticed a my favorite restaurant!
   Not having anything too eat for the past 6 hours, I made a stop at Perkins for a nice dinner.  As I haven&rsquo;t eaten anything for the last few hours.
   Walking into the door I say her! 
  She was standing there such a beautiful creature soft brown hair, killer blue eyes and one tight but firm ass.
   Approaching her I've learned she's a Hostess here and that her name is Holly.  I had her seat me in the none smoking section, in the front where I could watch her as she worked.  She was so perfect I knew I had to have this one.  I told myself the sale of a life time.
  Studying Holly I learned she was only 15 teen.  Which only excited me more!  Young girls are very easy to train, when it comes too using my methods.  You see teenagers brain&rsquo;s there not fully developed yet, all they need is a new environment to adjust to with strange influenced training.
  I read the USA Today paper some.  While I studied her.  After I had my food I left.  Two days passed.  Than I returned.  I had a nice long interesting talk with Holly&rsquo;s Manager.
  After are long but interesting meeting we stroke a deal.  I&rsquo;d get her employment rights and Julie gets a nice profit, out of the major deal.
   The US has a flaw in it&rsquo;s legal rights program under employment, between the UK and US that any employer can freely transfer their employee into anther work site free rage.  I used this method allot over the years. 
  Their were other terms that could be used for employment papers such as bill of sale or ownership.
  Walking over to the back door of Perkins.  Alan wasted no time opening the delivery door, which lead to the back of the parking lot.
  &quot;Boy I can't wait to raise this one,&quot; He had to smile. Looking into the pet taxi watching the sleeping animal.  As the kart was being wheeled away by Jenny.
  &quot;I'm sure, Holly will make a nice addition once she's trained,&quot; Jenny said with excitement!
  Buck looked over at Jenny.  She stood near Alan.  &quot;Yes she will, I'm sure.  The staff and I will have fun, breaking her.&quot;  Buck enjoyed the thought of his new girl, to what fun it would be.
  Too no end!
  As Jenny and Alan left Julie and Buck be hide, they left them holding hands.  As they both walked back trod Perkins.  Holly was left with Buck and Julie.
  Reaching into his back jean packet.  Buck gave Julie three small white envelope's with $5,000 printed on each of them.
  Julie grabbed the 3 white envelope&rsquo;s from him.  Julie nods walking away, as she picked up walking speed.  Happily Julie smiles, overwhelmed from the great evening she was having.
  Near Bucks Van.  Buck lifted Holly's Pet taxi from the kart.  She is quickly packaged into the back of a 1986 Dodge, cargo van.  The color of the Van was white, with only front and back windows to see through.
  Still inside her carrier, which is placed beside anther large dog taxi.  In this one cage were two other girls, both twins sound asleep.
  The twins where 5'0&quot; tall with long blonde hair.  They were both totally naked just like Holly.
  Buck closed the two doors to the back of his white Cargo Van.  locking them in.
  On that day, young Holly began a new chapter in her teen life.  As the Van drove out of the parking lot, away from Perkins.
  Off to the UK! 
  &nbsp;
  End Chapter 2.
  &nbsp;







Holly the Puppy Girl - Chapter 3







  &nbsp;
  &quot;Holly's Captivity.&quot;
  Chapter 3.
  I slowly awake feeling out of place, so strange to me.
  What was I laying on.  This didn&rsquo;t feel like my bed.  &quot;Oh, mm. No, N...,&quot; She moaned slightly in pain.  &quot;Oh,&quot; Her small framed head bucked slowly back and forth, along with the rest of her small frame body.
  I had the most terrible headache.  Both of my knees ached slightly in pain.  As I could hardly move, move, any part of myself below the waste level.
  I felt a cold shiver down my back.  I felt cold and yet kind of warm, I guess in between.  I had that comfortable warm feeling glowing all over my body.
  Too were ever I am...  Oh where am?  &ldquo;Oh&rdquo;  This didn&rsquo;t feel right!  Was this a bad dream?  &ldquo;B--,&rdquo; Her throat hurt like hell.  I even had a hard time swallowing between my speech.
   She thought to herself.  As she slowly awake from her sound sleep.  Holly&rsquo;s eyes slowly opened for the first time since she&rsquo;s been out.
  As Holly finally opened her eyes.  They came slowly but her eyelids dazed open trying to adjust to the light dark room.
   I trembled in fear, as I could see for the first time, since I awake!  This is not my Bedroom, I wined out loud scared as I become.  I trembled at the thoughts running through my little mind.  Feeling the shame!  &ldquo;Where am I?  What happened too me?&rdquo; She thought.
  Changes were done too me.  I could feel it
  I was naked from neck down as a black leather dog collar was placed firmly around my slender neck.  Looking down in horror! her public hairs where completely removed.
  Holly swallows hard as she felt cold chills creep up against her bare pussy lips!  How long have I been out, I didn&rsquo;t know I was lost.
  But the slightly dark room from outside my cage was all I had to go on right now. 
  Her now hairless Vagina smooth as silk.  Holly&rsquo;s clitoris where now highly visible to any preying eye&rsquo;s.  She thought to herself..
  Holly started breathing heavily from the shame, she felt.  I wanting to cry, I really did though for some reason my body is too out of it, to do so.  I was still pretty weak.   All I could was just lay on my side, helpless.
  Holly didn&rsquo;t know it at the time but her beautiful slender legs were shaved as well from waist down.  Her entire body from neck down is now completely hairless.
  It&rsquo;s only been awhile since I awake.  As the heavy fog faded  from my thoughts, It became more easy for me to think clearly again as my thoughts became more focused.  She became more awake and aware.
  But a headache I didn&rsquo;t know I had remained.  Trying to retrain any past thoughts was useless.  She tried and tried but all it did yet was put a strain on her memories.
  Laying on my side as my arms were laid out in front of me.  My legs where bent back by the knee's.  I found that I could still move my legs but I couldn't move them forward,  my knee's they only moved backward from behind me.
  Holly&rsquo;s freedom is truly limited now!  In the future she would need a great deal of help from others.
  Looking down at my arms and my thin little legs, leather straps were connected to my wrists and ankles.  All they did was confine.  I never felt so stiff.  My wrists and ankles each had their own steel cuff which were contacted to the straps.
  Holly rolls over on to her tummy as her apple breasts spread over the wood strip bedding.  She positioned herself laying on her stomach.  Just like a animal would.  Her head popped up.
   I shake my head.  Holly started becoming nervous just trying to cope with the fact she&rsquo;s been kept naked for so long.  How much time passed she didn&rsquo;t know.
   I realized I am a lot more vulnerable than I realized.
  Her face turns pink as fear sinks in.  More aware then she once was she say herself in a great big type of cage, which Holly thought was just a dream, at first.
  At first it was just a feeling of a light dream washing over me but as time passed it felt more real than I thought.  More tense I become.
   I&rsquo;m caged up in some big chain link fence made up a of a cage.  The was pretty much the same.  Solid chain link.
   I couldn&rsquo;t open it, I would need help for that.  It wasn&rsquo;t much of a lock, I think anyway.
  All someone had to do was lift the handle and the door would open.
  Out side of my cage there were windows but way above of the faculty though!  This place looked so much as if it were some kind of animal Kennel but in reality too me it is a prison!  The walls where painted in light pink, the walls were so high up.
  The Kennel is around the size of a High School gym but slightly bigger then that even.  Trying to look out the windows was in fact impossible.  All I could see is that it was dark and some of the beautiful stars.
  I love Star gazing!
  The pretty stars gave Holly some comfort from the fact that she was striped of her clothes and dignity.  She loved beautiful tings.
  That's when I heard sudden noises around. 
  Their were other girls here, just like me.
  I was not alone.  I guess when I first awake I tuned them out but now it was different.   Holly had the habit of tuning things out.  It was one of the things her Mom thought her back when she was like 11.  So she could perform her School work better.
  There is around  a number of cages just like mine, same shape same size.  All I could tell for now, there were at lest 10 girls per cage.  In side each cage their is a single girl, confined just like me.
  Ah, these dam straps where made to only allow me to lay out on my tummy or my side.  I choose to stay on my stomach, it was the most comfortable position for me right now, so I just laid like this.
  As Holly looked down at her lovely two hands.  Her hands laid out in front of her as she looked down at them.
   As she looked!  But her head quickly jerked away in shame and from the humiliation.  She just couldn&rsquo;t take anymore humiliation right now.
  I looked at my hands once more but this time for the longest time.  My god what have they done to me!
   My hand's, my beautiful baby skin hands both of them where wearing shiny latex skin tight, paw like mittens.  The mittens where just like the shape of a dog's (Paw).
  Reshaping my hands into this form.
  There was zero room for my fingers to move, my whole hand was partly covered in latex.  All but the little nips of my finger nails would show. My nails were painted in a fem color of bright pink.
  Holly breathed heavily from a great deal of embarrassment she left and jumped just a little from the unexpected feeling or feelings that where disturbing.  As she looked over her right shoulder, downward.
   My toes, they were painted pink too!  I hated makeup.
  From the far side of the room, were two doors.
  On  the lift side it was an unmarked door and to the other side to the right door it read exit above it.  Both doors pretty much looked like they were locked.  What was inside the unmarked door I didn't care or want to know.
  I just wanted to go home.  This place was a nightmare!
  Holly began to slowly cry as tears roll down her pink skin face.  She buried her entire face down into the wood strip bedding in shame.
  Holly's cage is around 66 inches long and 70 inches wide in size.  The cage is at lest 6 feet high reaching the height of the building. 
  She knew she was trapped until someone opened the door for her!
  --------------
  Starting to feel  uncomfortable, I quickly got up on all fours. 
   I had to get up off that floor. Just, wanting to lay there on the wood strip bedding made me feel sleepy and warm all over. 
   It felt good inside.  I didn&rsquo;t want to feel that way, not here!
  I tried to force myself up off the floor.  But as I discovered I had no choice but to stand on all fours.
  The braces that kept my knees bent backward, kept me from standing on my two feet.  I now stood on my knees as they where replacements for my two former feet.
  Holly started to cry all over again as she stood still her cage confined.  Never in my wildest dreams, had I thought this would every happen to me.  I never thought it was possible.  But here I am.  I was kidnapped striped naked and humiliated.
  I felt a tight tug around my waste from my full bladder inward trying to push through.  It was a strong situation.  It took hold of me.   I had to go too the bath, bathroom.  I wanted to try holding it but I just couldn&rsquo;t.
  Holly quickly searched her memory trying to remember what to do, but she couldn&rsquo;t!  I struggled with all my effect.  I just couldn&rsquo;t control my bladder.  Standing on all fours I was shivering as the confusion built up in my mind.
  &ldquo;Hmmm. Ummm,&rdquo; Holly squealed shaking all over! 
   Holly breathed deeply from the thought.  As her face turned a bright pink and a little red could be seen as well from her cheeks.  The uncomfortable feelings she felt where so new to her.
  I bowed my head down in shame.  I did not want to do this here, caged up like this.  The urge to pee over powered me I didn't know what else to do.  I looked around on the floor of my cage a bit.  My head was still bowed down in discomfort on all fours I slowly walked over into the corner.
  Holly positioned herself so her ass would face the corner of the wall, of her cage.
  I lowered myself down some what moving the leather straps, on the ankles of my legs some what out of the way.  As I backed into the corner.
  Trying to hold off for a bit longer but I just couldn't.  I couldn't help it!  I cried as what I was about to do.  I didn't want to, do this here.
  The middle of Holly&rsquo;s ass crack opened as poop began to merge dropping to the floor.  She closed her eyes tightly.  As she become relieved from the uncomfortable pressure, built up within herself.
  The pain in her vagina eased up.  Allowing the young, 15 teen year old to relax.
  I must of pooped 3 to 4 times as my bladder empty it&lsquo;s self.   Without warning I started pissing as it just came about pouring out!  I couldn't control it, I had no handle or it.
  It just came out as it spilled all over my legs, soaking all over my toes.
  Horrified of what I just done.  I crawled away from the corner from what I just concluded.  She trembled all over as she could barely crawl.
  At that moment.  All I wanted to was yell out, &quot;Mom? Dad? help me.  Oh plea... find me.&quot;  But that was not the way it came out.
  I could hardly talk as my throat is still sore.  I was unable to talk.
  When I did try too talk my voice just sounded weak like.  &ldquo;Br, brrrr,&rdquo; Holly tried speaking out loud.
  I just stood their on all fours, feeling the humiliation cave in.  Did I almost bark like a dog?
  &quot;Bar... bar..k,&quot; Oh my god no.  She was trying to say too herself out loud.  &quot;Bark! bar... help.. Bark... me,&quot; She screams out loud in a high pitch light tone.  But all that could be heard was loud but weak bark!  Nothing more, nothing less than a bark of a female dog.
  Noticing a few of the girls, caged up like me.  They didn't have the things I was forced to have.  They don't wear those leather straps or those hurtful paw mittens!
  They just accepted there captivity.  Every single girl in this complex was fast asleep.  Positioned on their side or just laying on her tummy.
  They wore a black dog collar like mine but that was about it, for clothing.  I missed my blue jeans.
  One black hair girl I say from inside her cage.  Far from the other side of the room.  She popped her young head up slowly as she just looked at me, just now.  I mean she just looked at me, with those pretty brown eyes.  That black jet shiny hair.
  Holly stared back at the young girl.  Her eyes are wide open from what she say. 
  I'm thinking she's about 13 teen or something younger then me.  She looked so peaceful.  She was one of the girls free from the torture devices.
  The sexy black hair girl looked over at Holly, &quot;Bark, ruff, bark,&quot; She barked softly, looking Holly in the eyes.  Her wet brown Asian tongue slightly hangs out, patting.
  The 13 year old shook her head wildly as she just lowered her head back down between her arms.  She knew her owners had a big day planed for her, tomorrow.  Well trained as she was, she wanted too be well rested.
  That Asian girl just fell back to sleep as if nothing had happened!
  Beside my cage door to the right there was a little setup of drinking water in a steel dish,  next to it there was anther one filled with some kind of brown food.
  I could smell it from where I stood and it is pretty bad!
  I slowly crawled on over to the water dish as my little nose began, sniffing it.
  No! I didn't want to do this.  Holly walked away as her identity was slowly being striped apart. 
  She trembled into the other corner scared.  And afraid for my future.  As Holly's tiny 4'0&quot; body rolled into a curled up ball.  She cried herself to sleep that night!  Holly fell fast asleep on the comfortable warm wood strip bedding, tired out body and all.
  All she could think about were her parents and friends.  Nothing would make Holly more happy right now than to be at home again.  With her Family!
  Holly fell fast asleep from a great deal of exhaustion she felt.  Any last thoughts or memories of  her parents some what faded away, only after a few minutes of falling into a lifeless sleep. 
  &nbsp;
  Too be continued, in Chapter 4.   Coming soon&hellip;
   
  &nbsp;
  My 2006 update&hellip;  
  Hello my friends and my fellow readers&hellip;
  I Have something that I wish to share with you today, as of right now.
  It all started about a year ago around September of 2005.  I was suffering from miner illness, that was affecting me mentally and it was trying too control my life.
  Relax this was not life threatening but it was enough to try and 
  Keep me from doing things, oh yes enjoying life!
  As of  July 10th I think it was.  I went to see a real doctor, one that didn&rsquo;t care about profit.  Because I had enough!  My ear infections where taking over my life.
  So I thought if a clinical doctor couldn&rsquo;t help me I&rsquo;d look into Homeopathy.  Doctors that deal in natural medicine.
  There were some bad times and some times.  All I had for support where my beloved family and friends.  They helped me through this.  I come back as I&rsquo;ve learned more about myself and life it&rsquo;s self.
  My ear infections got so bad that I couldn&rsquo;t think or focus the  way I wanted too.   Yes this also affected my story writing, one of my most favorite hobby&rsquo;s. 
  As of September 2006, today I like to say I am cured of this illness.  Oh man I can&rsquo;t till you all how much this means too  me. 
  As I am back stronger then ever before, not weaker, not one bit.
  There were times that I could of gave in but I choose not too.
  So I guess those of you want to know where, The Holly story is heading.  Well I can till you&hellip;   Forward my friends, yes forward!
   As this girl is not yet done with her journey!
  Chapter 4 will be coming soon.  &ldquo;A special remake of Holly&rsquo;s sale,&rdquo; How lovely isn&rsquo;t.   Many more chapters will soon follow.
  The, Holly the Puppy Girl is to become an almost realism story of how a real Puppy would live.  I have not lost my edge many new chapters will be planed for this little teen.
  &nbsp;
  Anyone with ideas, I&rsquo;d like to welcome them.  I want to hear from my readers, man I really do.  You can e-mail me a trainer81@gtpals.com 
  I will make sure to credit those that share their story thoughts with me.
  &nbsp;
  I want to also think all those that have stood by!
  &nbsp;




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





