BDSM Library - A Tribute to ME




A Tribute to ME
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story intertwined with, "Naturally Demanding but Nice". Jennifer is an only child of wealthy parents and has been pampered and spoiled all of her life. Jennifer knows what she wants. Jennifer gets what she wants.
                    A Tribute to ME

                     Introduction

This is a story intertwined with, "Naturally Demanding but Nice".
While it is not necessary to have read that one first it would
be helpful. I have introduced Jennifer using a portion of the
first story. This one is being written due to the many emails
requesting an expansion on, "Naturally Demanding but Nice".

Jennifer is an only child of wealthy parents. She is blonde and 
beautiful. She has been pampered and spoiled all of her life. 
Is it any wonder she is conceited? Is it a surprise that she 
believes a guy should have a 10-90 relationship with her? She 
receiving the 90 while giving the 10, of course. She simply does
not date boys who appear unwilling to enter in this type of 
relationship. Jennifer knows what she wants. Jennifer gets what 
she wants. Some guys are always more than willing to help her 
in all ways they can.

This is a femdom story but is not about severe use of 
the male by the female. If you desire to read about
severe treatment, pain, torture, scatology, cbt, etc.  
Do not read this version. Instead read, "Naturally Demanding",
"An Ocean of Misery", or others I have written.
Please send feedback emails to wrighter4u@yahoo.com
 

                Chapter One

Have you ever known a girl who knew she was beautiful?
I am. I was a pretty baby, a cute little girl and grew
through adolescence without ever being unattractive. At
my ugliest time, I was pretty, naw, make that beautiful.
Some have it, some do not. If you have it, flaunt it! I 
buy the best cosmetics. I always dress appropriately, but 
tasteful. I reveal a little of something once in a while.  
Like to the owner of the pastry shop. I drive him mad 
with lust while really doing nothing. I may reveal a 
little extra of my 34b's, and on ocassion I will flash
my panties. Guys need to see something of a young lady. 
Not enough to think she is cheap or easy, but enough to 
make them interested, aroused, you know, makes them easy 
to own. Ownership is what this story is about. Ownership 
that may well be beyond your wildest dreams!

I am practicing controlling males. Boys, men of all ages.
You might say this is a study of the human male. The more
I practice, the better I get. I was born with the ability.
I have enhanced it tremendously. My mom has been a huge 
help too. I love it when I am controlling a guy, truly 
love it. I like the power so much that just thinking about 
it causes me to cream my panties. I have sooo much control 
over men and I am just a girl. Well, more than, "just", 
much more. They are becoming easier all the time. They 
simply have no chance. I think that is so cool, don't you? 
You may ask, "How can she do that"?  One word, "Beauty". I 
may very well be the worlds most beautiful creature. Am I 
conceited?. You bet your ass I am. I was born conceited. I 
was born to be worshipped. I was born to be served. Hey,
I am just naturally demanding.

I matured early. I am blessed with my pert little titties,
a 22 inch waist, and a gorgeous 36 inch ass. I like walking 
by a group of men, pulling out my mirror,and watch them 
watch me. I pretend to be looking at my hair. I always 
know what they are looking at! So I wiggle it a little 
for them. Some moves are always appreciated!

A man's brains is in his balls. They relocate there while 
a male is an adolescent and stay. That is why it hurts them 
so much to get kicked there! My mom told me that a long time
ago right after I had kicked a boy there and watched 
astonishingly as he doubled over in pain, sick at his stomach.
  
Did I tell you I have long blonde hair with natural light red 
streaks, yep, a strawberry blonde, all natural. I use no color
or highlights on my hair. I have a lot of it too. Don't you 
just hate blondes that are half bald, uggg. I am beautiful.
That, and just a little brains, is all that is required to own
a man's body and soul. Hey, I really like owning them, using 
them, allowing them to worship me. 

The noblest thing a guy can do is to serve me. The more 
specialized the service he performs for me, the more special 
he is to me! What all would you do for me?  Ha, I bet I 
could use everyone of you for the most degrading things. And
the more I used you, the more you would love me!

Did I tell you that I only trim my bush a little. Now, I have
no hair on my pussy, gross! I have a good healthy blonde bush 
and I am proud of it. I think it is sexy to have a few blonde 
pubes creaping out from under a bikini. Not any other color 
though! Dark pubes look cheap, red pubes make a girl look like 
she has a rash! But blonde pubes, make guys drool. Hey, that is
where the saying comes from, "Blonde girls rule, boys drool,
drool, drool"!
  
I just started to high school. Yeah, a freshman. My birthday is 
July 31th, a Leo!. I am not the oldest in my class but probably 
in the older 10 percent. That is good. Younger kids tend to be 
"followers". 

There are more than 2000 students in this school. This will 
be the last year that Freshmen go to high school. Next year 
this will be a junior high, grades seven through nine. Grades 
four through six will attend the old middle school building. 
It is not old though. They are switching the schools around. 
It will be a mess. We will have a brand new school though.
So I approve! I will tell you later about my name in the 
concrete! 
  
There are a lot of students who like me. All of the guys like 
me. Most girls think I am stuck up, to good for them, you know 
the types. Wellll, I am. When I walk by them, I push my chest 
out a little more, and tilt my head ever so slightly up and 
to the side away from them. I am nice though. If they say 
something to me, I always answer, even though what they say 
is usually kinda silly. Know what? They still like me enough
to vote for me for all of the important stuff. The upperclass
students like me more than the ones in my class, I think.
The ones in my class look up to me though.

There are a lot of jocks in my school. I do not date jocks.
They all think they are gods gift to women. Well they are
not. I do not waste my time with them. Just meaning I do not 
date them. I am pleasant. They vote for me for everything.
They would just be to difficult to use. I could do it. I can
do anything. It would require to much training. To many fights.
Like I am going to go through all that.

Now about nerds. Give me a nerd anytime. They do what I want,
the way I want, for as long as I want. I am not interested 
in long term relationships though. I change boys as often
as some girls change their panties.

Sometimes a guy expects more then I am going to give. I am 
a virgin. I will be when I get married too. I believe in that. 
Also I like to be worshipped. A guy does not worship the girl 
he is sticking his thing in. He is using her. I am the user, 
the guy is the usee! I have used guys a lot already. I loved
every minute of it. I have been using males since I was a 
little girl. That is what they are for. If a guy has no girl 
to use him, he simply is a waste. Just taking up space!

Wanna know how my name got in the concrete? Last year they
were pouring concrete. I was watching them. The construstion
site was all roped off with orange plastic fence. I was
dressed in a white pair shorts, pretty short to. They had
a cute pink strip down the outside of each leg. My top
was matching pink. I had a cute little pink and white scarf
loosly around my neck crossing over each of my pert little 
titties. My tennies were white with pink trim. I was eating
a chocolate pastry I had just purchased. An older guy, but hot,
saw me watching him. He was a foreman I guess, he was just 
standing around. He walked over to me. He was wearing no
shirt, was deeply tanned. He had lots of muscles too. I bet
he was a jock in school. Not the type I have a relationship
with. Nothing wrong with flirting and maybe using though.

"Hi I am Sam," he said politely. "To bad you are you a senior 
and will not get to go to the new school I am building."

"I am not a senior and I will be here at the start of next year."

I giggled as my chest swelled a little. He was standing in a
drainage ditch. His face was just even with my titties. He
was staring at them and not trying to hide the fact. I was
looking down at him. I already felt superior to him, that added
to the feeling.

It was easy to tell he liked what he saw. If he had known my
age he may not have been so sexy though. We flirted a few 
minutes until another cement truck arrived and he went back 
to work, Well back to watching. When the truck emptied he
walked over to me again. This time he did not step in the 
ditch. His heart probally could not take anymore stares at
my legs and titties. He talked some more then said, "Hey
I dropped a quarter when I was in the ditch."

He jumped into the ditch, bent over to pick up a quarter,
looked right at my panties. I did not move a muscle. I looked
down at him. He knew I was watching him look at me. Well
he only saw my panties! They were hip huggers, not even
scanties or thongs. I always wear panties like this when I 
get my pastry. Mr.Jones could not handle scanties!

"You must think I am pretty, do you?" I teased.

"Yes. you are pretty. You also like to tease a little to 
much." He said as he stepped out of the ditch.

"You were not complaining while you were staring". I said
in my flippant voice. The kind that kinda puts boys down.

He stared at me. I could tell he was trying to figure my 
age. He did not know wether to come on or run. I have
seen the look a few times. Those kind of looks from men
are coming with increased regularity though.

"You have not told me your name. Once a man sees a ladies
panties, she is obligated to tell him her name."

"Oh right!" I said with a mocking smile.

Another truck arrived. "Don't go away," he said with a 
smile. "I will be right back."

He was interested. He must be my dad's age. I hope my
dad is not like that. He certainly has never been while
around my friends. My mom would kill him!

I waited, I was enjoying the teasing. I was getting warm
though. I was not going to wait for him much longer. He 
was talking to a couple guys who were doing the work.

He came back smiling. He thinks he is gods gift to women.
I imagine a lot of women think so too I mused with a grin.

"Wellll------," he said looking into my eyes.

"well what?" I teased.

"What is your name, age, and phone number?"

"Like I am going to tell you all of that!" I replied, giving
my best serious look considering I was about to laugh out 
loud.

"Tell me all of that, and you can write your name in the 
concrete."

I could feel my eyes widen. My eyes are beautiful. I love
my eyes. But they always give me away. He missed nothing.
There was no point in being coy. He knew I wanted my name
in that concrete very badly. I promised myself I would
practice. I would learn to control my fickle eyes!

"OK, you promise, you will not renege?"

"Not if you tell me the truth."

"Like I am going to write someone else's name!"

"Yeah, I guess you are not," he smiled. 

He had a very nice smile. He was handsome alright. Just 
not my type. His type spells trouble. I would not control 
him so easily. Maybe when I am older.

I walked closer to the plastic guard fence, stopped and
looked at him. He removed his gloves and reached for me.
I allowed him to lift my cute little bod over the fence.
He lifted me over like I was weightless. I could not
help but notice the way his arms bulged as my feet 
cleared the fence. I also noticed he held on to me a few
seconds after I was firmly planted on the construction 
side. I smiled up at him.

He walked me over to a lower corner where I was going to 
write my name. I saw no one else on site. I did not panic.
It was broad daylight. High noon to be exact. Of course,
the workers were eating lunch.

"Here on the corner. It is just right for writing. Write
it low so it will not be so noticable and get either of 
us in trouble."

I knew which of us he was concerned about. See why I do 
not date jocks.

He watched as I printed my name, Jennifer Abdellaoui.
He told me I had a very beautiful name. A name of class.
I told him my age. He wilted for a full thirty seconds.
It was like I had passed a long prison sentence on him.
Although he was twice my age, he had become attracted 
to me. Maybe I could control a guy like him. I knew
not to try. My mom would really kill me, and my dad
would kill him. I started to give him my phone number.
He stopped me. 

"Jennifer you are a fantastically beautiful girl. You
look a lot older than you are. Be careful, all men are
not as nice as me. I have a daughter a little to close 
to your age. I am not sorry for looking, just sorry 
you are not older."

I looked over at a portable toilet. It was only a few 
yards away. 

"May I use that?" I said pointing to the john. 

"It is not nearly clean enough for a young lady of your 
class. But you may use it. Maybe I will have it enshrined."

He was smiling as he said that. I would have the last
smile though.

"Wait here and guard me." I said with a smile.

I was only in there a sec. I removed my pretty pink panties,
and put them in my cute little purse. I walked back to
him. I looked at him and gave him my best adult smile,
the one I had been working really hard on in front of my 
mirror.

"Here, these are for you." I said as I walked close to him.
I placed them in his hand and walked away without looking 
back. I heard him say, "You are really something."

I used the gate to exit and walked home, leaving my name
forever on the wall of my high school. We made a fair trade.
I knew I would have wet dreams of him. He would have wet
dreams of me too. I also knew they could never be more than 
dreams. 




                    A Tribute to ME 

If stories of beautiful young ladies using and abusing men offend
you. Do not read my stories. No part of them are true or were ever 
true to my knowledge. This is not my fantasy. It is just a story.
As with all of my stories, no part is to be printed or posted 
elsewhere by anyone but me. If any reader sees them posted by anyone
else please advise. My email address is wrighter4u@yahoo.com

                   
                      Chapter Two

I never walked by the site again. I never saw Sam. I trusted
me less than I trusted him. I thought of him a lot for a few 
days until someone else vieing for my charms got my attention. 
He received more from me and I received more from him too.
He was a teacher, also old enough to be my dad. 

My last name begans with an "A". I get put on the front row a 
lot. Mr. Rainey was not sorry. I was to be his best ever (A) 
student. That is a pun! 

He had been looking at me a lot. He had went behind his desk a 
few times. I had not missed the bulge in his pants although I 
ignored it. Well, not ignore, just not look at it so as to be 
noticed. 

Science is not easy. It was to be for me though. I got him while
wearing the same outfit. I loved that outfit! I sat so relaxed. 
I would cross and uncross my legs. Even sit with them spread 
just a little. I knew he could see my panties. Yeah another pink 
pair. I pretended not to notice him, I did though. When he started
to perspire, (It was not even hot!) I went up to his desk to
ask about a problem. There was a chair by his desk. I put my 
notebook on his desk, sit down and moved the chair as close
to his as I could get it. I was smiling all the while. Well,
I had to sit behind his desk or those two jocks on the front 
row would see my cute little panties and I did not want them 
to. They had done nothing to deserve a treat like that.

"Mr. Rainey, would you help me with this?" I asked while 
staring deeply into his eyes. I had never seen Mr. Rainey 
speechless before.

He recovered quickly, practice I suppose. 

"Yes, Jennifer, I would be glad to." Boy would he!

As he explained the concept to me, I made sure my titties 
brushed his arm and shoulder on several ocassions. I also
made sure he inhaled my perfume. I was close enough once to 
breathe on his face. When he finished and I understood I
got up, hitting him in the face with my pony tail. He was
watching me as I sit. I rewarded him. I was learning the
power of rewards and punishment. A girl can learn a lot
in school.

The next day I needed more help. I did about the same 
things again. This time I had gum in my mouth. I ask him
where I could put it. He reached over, got a Kleenex and 
held it out to me. I was not sure if he was offering me 
the Kleenex or if he was holding it for me to put my used 
gum in it. I assumed the latter. I placed it in his Kleenex 
covered hand and flashed him a very nice smile. A couple of 
students giggled. That caused Mr. Rainey to blush. I 
continued with my problem totally ignoring the juvenile 
giggles of my classmates. My cute little outfit and my
very obvious feminine charms had hooked Mr. Rainey. Now I 
was reeling him in.

I returned to my seat and went right to work. I am a very
good student. Naturally I was sitting with my legs spread 
just the right amount for Mr. Rainey to see my pantied 
covered crotch. He was getting an eye full. I know he 
thought then that I was an innocent little freshman girl. 
He had a lot to learn about young ladies. I was older than 
he thought at then too. I would increase his knowledge! In 
a few minutes I looked at the kleenex. There was no gum in 
it. Mr Rainey was chewing gum. Mr.Rainey never chewed gum 
in class. One did not have to be a rocket scientist to 
postulate where his gum came from. He was enjoying my 
sweetness. He would pay for that pleasure.

I knew the next hour was one of his planning hours. It
was also the last hour of school. I had modern dance the
last hour of school and pon pom and dance practice after
school every day this week. It would later change to Tuesday
and Thursday only. We used a lot of dance class time for 
our routines. The class was made up of students who aspired 
to be a member of the pon pom, dance squad or cheerleader. 
Why else would one take the class.

I went to his desk when the bell rung.

"Mr. Rainey, could I have a piece of gum?" I asked, soooo
sweetly.

"I am sorry, Jennifer, I don't have any. I never chew gum.
Here is a piece of candy though." He said as he handed me
a Baskin Robbins hard candy. Sugar free too. I took it
from his outstretched hand and said.

"Thank you Mr. Rainey. Do you have one left for you too?"

"Yeah, but I have gum in my mouth."

I said nothing, just stood there with a sly smile on my 
face. He looked up at me. After a few seconds his face 
began to get very red. He knew I knew. There is nothing
that compares with that feeling of power. A grown man,
an adult, a teacher, trapped by Jennifer Abdellaoui.

"Thank you for the help Mr. Rainey. You are my favorite 
teacher. You are so nice. Bye, ceya tomorrow!"

He recovered his composure enough to say, "Bye Jennifer", 
as I exited the room and headed for my dance class with
a moist crotch.

I got permission from my dance teacher to miss a class
this week. I told her I thought it would be tomorrow. I 
needed help in one of my classes. I doubt if she really 
believed I could evedr need additional help in anything. 
She is so astute! We were giving our presentations for
a pon pom dance routine. I have choreographed several.
Mine is more complicated than the others. It will be 
shown by six of us. It will be the last one because it 
is much superior. I just know it will be chosen for
our performance at games. I want to be captain very
badly. Never has a freshmen been elected captain.

I got mom to take me shopping after dance class. She picked
me up. She was taking me to eat anyway. Dad was out of town.
Him and Uncle Luke went on a business trip and would be gone 
the rest of the week. Mom and I were batching. She would leave
Sunday evening for New York city and would be gone for two 
weeks. She had a big modeling shoot. She kept promising dad
and me she would quit. Just one more year. But the huge 
contracts were offered and she would accept. She says, again, 
that this is her last year. She is under contract until June.
Dad and I are both threating to get a part time live-in mom 
and wife! She does not think that is humorous.

I bought the cutest outfit. It was similar in style to my
pink and white outfit except it was a skirt. More eye candy
for my favorite teacher. The skirt was black. The white top
had my initials in an Old English scroll. The scroll angled
from the top inside of my right tittie to the left side of
my tummy. I did not know until we got to the store that mom 
had ordered it especially for me. The JDA letters were
connected in the scroll. It was so chic. The skirt was six 
inches above my knee. The top of my knee, not the middle! 
Mr. Rainey would love it. I hoped he would not knock his 
desk sideways, when he scurried behind it, with his thing. :) 
That would be sooo funny!

I will ease off him in class. I will intensify the pressure
at other times though. I will let him see my panties during
class. That will keep his heart rate up. I am not mean! I
just love to flirt and practice my feminine power. Mom has
told me, "If you have it, use it. Jennifer you have it. Be
sure you are always the one in control. If you sense you 
are losing control, get away, and stay away."

Now you know why I never went by the construction site again.

I met Mr. Rainey twice in the halls and saw him at lunch.
I gave him a big beautiful smile and softly said, "Hi Mr.
Rainey". I always speak to my teachers. I give my really
sexy smiles to the male teachers, of course. Like I would
not want to send wrong messages. I am not that knid of 
girl.

Sixth hour came, time for Physical Science and more Jennifer
experiments. I was the first student in class. I offered him 
a piece of my gum, fresh, like unchewed. I know it was a 
little mean. I made it seem that I was just offering him gum. 
I did not even give him the, knowing look, that I could have 
given.

"Your outfit is very sharp, it looks like an original. Did 
your mom get it for you?" He knows my mom is a model. His
tongue gets so thick he can hardly talk when he meets her!
I want to make him like that around me. 

"Yes, we picked it up last night. I had to show it off 
today. Do you think it is, uhh, to revealing. For school
I mean?"

"I do not personally, the office may though. Some young
ladies can wear things like that tastefully. Some can not.
You are a very proper and modest young lady. You are always
tastefully dressed."

I noticed he used the word,"tastefully", twice. I wonder
what he would like to taste? As if I did not know. Was it
my imagination, or was his tongue beginning to get thick?

"Mr. Rainey, can you help me after class today?" I asked
in one of my sexy voices a second before more students 
filed through the door.

"Yes, I can, Jennifer. Although I am surprised you are 
needing so much help. You are smart."

"Thank you, Mr. Rainey." I shyly answered. There is not a
shy bone in my body. If there were I would extract it!

Mr. Rainey told us about a lot of important stuff. I 
listened intently. I looked at him too. He wanted to look
at my cute little panties so badly, I could see it in his 
eyes. Frequently they would dart my direction. They were
always aimed at the same spot and it was not my face. I
moved in my seat a little to give him a better view. An
innocent move, of course. He had already told me how
modest I was. And I am. Like I would never, not wear 
panties.

It seemed class would never end. Even with my showing Mr.
Rainey my panties and watching their affect on him, I was 
getting bored. I had much bigger plans.

Finally the class ended and everyone left.

I like the design of Mr. Rainey's room. The only door in 
the room is at one corner. Even that is a small foyer Mr. 
Rainey's desk is along the side of the same wall at the 
other corner. You have to enter the room to see his desk. 
The windows are on the west side so blinds are always 
closed in the afternoons. I had to wonder if any sweet
things like me had ever received "help" from him during 
his planning hour. I had no reason to suspect there had 
been anything improper with one of his students. I also 
wondered if he had ever met anyone like me. If he has, 
he may be hard to handle. I really did not think he had.
There may well be no one like me!

He was so turned on, it was obvious to me. I would get
what I wanted from him or I would simply walk away and 
wear more modest clothes for the rest of the year if 
he refused to allow me to exchange seats with someone
over by the windows so I could sit and him be unable 
to see my panties or even my legs all the way up. He 
would be the loser.

I got help on a problem that I already knew how to do.
I bragged on him. You know, how clearly he explained 
science.

"Sometimes Mr. Rainey, you make this seem so easy I 
think I am stupid for asking. You are so good. I wish
all of my teachers were as intelligent as you."

You know drivel like that. He ate it up, of course.
I scooted my chair closer. We were touching. My leg 
was against his, my shoulder was touching him, and when
I looked into his eyes, which was often, my breath
would hit his face. He was taler than me so he could
get really good looks at my teeth. He could also get
good looks at the tops and about one half of my little 
titties.

Now there is nothing, "little", about my boobs. They
are large and extremely well shaped. My mom has her's
and my bras hand made. I received a lot from nature.
I probably receive even more from the bras mom has 
custom made for me. I got in the habit of referring
to my boobs as, "my little titties" when they were , 
little titties. They have not been little titties
for a year at least. They did not just, "poof" out
there, they grew. I watched them grow in awe. I 
measured them daily. I was so proud of their growth 
and perfect shape. I truly love ME.

I was enjoying being with Mr. Rainey. He was very nice.
He was thoughtful. He had always held the door for me 
whenever we would meet at a door. One day in the cafeteria, 
I had a load of books, he dumped my tray after I had eaten.
Last week, my shoe was untied, I asked him to tie it and he
did. I had nothing in my hands. He could have refused, he
could have suggested I tie it. He did neither. He tied it.
That may seem like nothing to some of you. I knew better.
My mom has been teaching me since I was a little girl.
Slave spotting 101.

Then I began to get him talking about what I wanted
to talk about. I carefully explained as I had rehearsed
many times that I had needs, sexual needs. He started to 
protest but his heart was not into protesting. He listened.
I explained to him that I was a virgin and planned to stay 
that way until marriage. I told him I was blessed or cursed 
one or the other, with a very high sex drive. I had to have
relief. I wanted a special kind of relief. I wanted it to be
pleasurable. I wanted immense pleasure. He was getting the 
point, I could tell. I told him I liked him a lot and thought
he would be highly skilled at the kind of preasure I craved.
I also told him I was a very discreet person. He had to know
that already because no one knew anything about me or my
family that was not what we wanted them to know. Our 
reputations were impeccable. I do not think Mr. Rainey would 
ever have entered into a relationship with one of his students 
who he did not believe he could trust, like really trust. He
also knew I was not going to get jealous later and want him 
to divorce his wife and run away with me.

I got up and locked his door. and turned out the lights. There
was plenty of light coming through the windows even though they 
were covered. He did not protest. I walked back and sat on his 
desk very near the middle. He rolled his chair back and I 
positioned myself in the middle of the desk facing him. I was
dangling my legs over the desk provocatively swinging them in
front of him. 

"Show me how skilled you are, Mr. Rainey. Make that special
love to me I crave. I think you crave it to. No one cn ever
be hurt by this. There is nothing bad about it, only good."

He rolled toward me.

"No, MR. Rainey, I will get more pleasure if you are on your 
knees."

He said nothing, just dropped to his knees. I doubt if he could 
talk. I think his tongue was good for only one thing. I raised
myself clear of his desk and he removed my panties.

"Inhale them Mr. Rainey, unless you do not want to."

I said that for his benefit. He was performing before a high 
school freshman. I am sure he was concerned about frightening 
me away. I am not easily frightened!

He placed my panties to his face and inhaled. he than kissed
the crotch. When he brought his hand away, his lips were moist.
God I wanted him to get his mouth over my pussy, if he did not 
he was going to have one wet desk!

He kissed the inside of both my legs.

"Mr. Rainey, I need your tongue, please."

He understood my urgency. As his opened mouth went over my pussy
I placed my hands behind me, pushed on the desk, and moved
tightly against his face. Ohhhh his tongue felt devine. I loved it.
Like really loved it. He was awesome. Ohhh, this guy had eaten
pussy before, lots of times! I had been licked, even eaten a little
nothing like this. He was soooo good. I held back as long as I 
could than I exploded. I refrained from crying out. I had put my
hands on his head and pulled his head to me. I knew my nails were 
cutting his neck. He moaned but did not protest, he just moved 
his tongue faster over my clit. Ohhh what pleasure. Even after 
the big explosion he continued to lick, suck, and swallow. That
was so great for both of us. I still look back on that first 
time as being the most special of all. 

We had our little rendezvous until I met John and started getting
serious about him. I really liked Mr. Rainey. I still do. He was
so sad when I told him I could not do that with him anymore. He
was apprehensive too. I assured him that those times would always 
be precious to me and that I would carry our secret with me to 
my grave. People would make it cheap and dirty. It was neither. I
was a young lady growing into an adult. I learned a lot about 
control of the human male. Mr. Rainey would then and would now, 
do absolutely anything for me. See why I never had to worry about
homework, handout answers, or test. Mr. Rainey handled those for 
me. He enjoyed doing special things for me. His cunnilingus 
technique is the one I have taught my lovers. Mr. Rainey loved
 my pussy and was so good at the proper display of affection for 
it I still smile when I meet him and look at his pot belly and 
wonder how many pounds of it is directly attributable to my cum.




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Three

Something else I have not told you about me. I was on a 
world cruise which began after my eighth grade year and 
before my freshman year. This was good that I got to see 
the world but the high school made me enter as a freshman. 
Dad and mom protested but it did no good. The school said 
if I excelled as a freshman student in academics as well 
as maturity they would advance me to junior status so I 
would be back with my classmates. I guess that was 
reasonable. It enabled be to get first time ever awards 
by a freshman. Someone will probably want to put an 
asterisk after my freshman acheivements though! So I was 
a seventeen year old freshman big deal. The other girls 
could not compete with me even if they were seniors! 

I had other slaves during the time I allowed Mr. Rainey's
worship of me. I spotted this rather shy boy, Chad. He
was smart. He knew all of the answers in class but never 
volunteered to answer any questions. When a teacher called 
on him his answer was so precise and was always a textbook 
answer. I later learned he had very close to a photographic 
memory. He has quoted lots for me and told me where it was 
on a certain page and what pic or diagram it was near. He
was uncanny. He had a good memory for the important things 
in life too! You already know what they are!

One morning in school as he was going to walked by me I 
shifted my weight and he collided with my arm full of books. 
Now I did not need to be carrying those in the first place. 
It was part of a well conceived trap. I am good at conceiving 
traps just as I am good at choreographing dances. They are 
similar you know.

My books went everyhere, I helped with that too. I turned
to him and said. "Chad, how could you? Look at my books.
Really Chad, I take care of my stuff, look at what you have 
done. You hurt my finger too."

Chad could not appoligize enough. The boy was still telling
me how sorry he was and inquiring about my pinkie all day.
I allowed him the priviledge of gathering up my books and 
since he had them, he may as well carry them to our next 
class. Well shouldn't he? 

Since his name was White, he sat in the back of the History
Room. I sat in front. The teacher told us if we were good
She would allow us to move in a couple weeks. She said she
wanted to know us. Like she is ever going to really know ME.
That was not nice. She will know me, not really KNOW me, you
know.

Chad walked me to my seat and handed me my books. I looked
into his eyes, I could see his face redden. 

"Chad, I only need the History book for this class. You keep
the others. You do have English next don't you?"

Staring into my smile and seeing all of my perfectly formed 
beautiful white teeth and sparkling blue eyes, he would have
carried me and my books forever. I can tell when they are
hooked. They all look the same. They have that, worshipful 
in another world, expression. Sort of blank, like they are 
bathing in my beauty. You know, soaking it up forever. He
was in the presence of and gazing upon the worlds most 
beautiful creation. He would have confessed as much to 
anyone. He was twitterpated. 

When I looked at Chad that moment, I saw multis. I have 
learned to love multis. Chad was weekends of multis. I 
only met with Mr. Rainey a couple times a week and never 
for as long as I would like. He was afraid we would be, 
"found out". I always told him,"The door is locked. 
There is a closet I can step into and you can lock it 
before allowing anyone to enter. Like we are not going 
to get caught. No way!"

Sometimes I thought I was the adult and he was the kid!
I loved him. Did I tell you he wanted to talk about us
more than once. As in the future. I steered him away
from that whenever I could. One day I made it painfully 
clear that there would never be a future for US. We were 
doing this for the moment. Each time was for the moment. 
I also suggested he perform like it was our last time 
together. :)

When the bell rang, Chad waited for me. I laid my History
Book on top of all our books and suggested we move along 
to our English Class. I allowed him to walk a little behind 
me. I wanted him to begin developing a craving for my ass.
I bet by the time we reached our English Class, he could 
picture my ass and his face as one! I smiled at that picture.

This class was the one where I first decided to reel-in Chad.
Miss. Hampton sits us one from the first of the alphabet, one
from the last. So Abdellaoui and white were seated side by 
side. Now you know English is not my best subject. I knew
Chad was going to get me through this year in more ways 
than one! I just hoped his tongue was as good as his English.
I already knew it was longer than average. I could just feel 
it in inside my love canal and my squeezing it while coating 
it with my cum. 

I have these kind of thoughts a lot. I have talked with my mom 
about them. I am glad I did because I would have believed 
there was something undesirable about me. Hey, I could have 
been warped for life! My mom assured me that there was 
nothing wrong with me at all. In fact, I was special. I 
loved ME and I loved sex. She told me how to channel these 
emotions so I did not end up a slave for some guy, pregnate
or both. In short a ruined life. Now I already knew I was 
special and born to be served. Boys have served me for as 
long as I can remember. I am talking about these lustful 
cravings I developed at adolescence. I love tongues!

Chad and I almost got in trouble for talking. I mainly just
smiled at him a lot. He was bubbling over. Totally smitten,
Twitterpated! You can understand that. You knew it would 
happen. Chad is a very ordinary looking boy. I am little
Miss Everything. Captain of the Dance Pom Pon squad my
freshman year. Featured in the school paper. A picture of
pretty ME on the front page in my cute little costume, 
pom pons in hand doing a herky. The paper told all about
my middle school awards. Even the local paper picked up 
on it. Both said I had choreographed the routine that
would be featured at our first game AND would be the one
we would use in state competition. I just know I am going
to win Yearbook Queen my freshman year. It has never been
done in the long history of this school! I hear talk in
the halls, not just the guys. The girls talk about it and 
I have heard teachers discussing me. I am truly one 
beautiful young lady and so mature. That is a direct quote 
I have overheard more than once. They all think I am 
little miss perfect too. Boy if they knew the things I 
have done!

When I find a good specimen I work quickly. After class
I said to him.    

"Chad, I need some help in English. Would you like to
come to my house about 1:00 Saturday?"
 
This made him light up! See how stupid they are!

"Yes, I would, I will be there at 1:00."

"You do know where I live, don't you?"
  
He did not. I was appalled. He just moved here so I 
overlooked that bit of stupidity. Like how could any guy 
who lived in this town not know where I lived. I lived
two blocks from the school! 

"Would you like to walk me to my next class?"

"Oh yes, I would be honored, may I please?"

He was beside himself with joy, and should be!

"Yes, you may, but you have got to carry my stuff."

He already was anyway!

We did not have Spanish or French together. He had neither.

"Want to meet me for lunch?" I asked him in my sexy voice.

He would have said yes if I had popped my gum a few times
during the question, chewing with open mouth while I talked.
Of course I would never do that, not even in fun.

"Yeah, sure, I will save a spot in line for you if you like.
I will be near the front of the line. My class is near the 
cafeteria."

I knew that. That is one of the reasons I chose him. I do
not eat fast. It is not healthy and besides it is not good
manners. My class is so far I have been in the last part 
of the line all year. No one says anything if it is 
girlfriend/boyfriend allowing the line cuts. No other cuts 
are allowed though. It is an unwritten rule. Like they want
to have lunch together, duh. Students have always accepted
this as proper. He knew that I am sure. He wanted to be my 
boyfriend, like a lot.

"Cool, ceya." I said to him as I took my books and headed 
to my locker. These books had served their purpose for the 
year!

I will own him by our next English test. I will let
him slip me answers. He will be in heaven. Can you 
imagine me allowing him to talk to ME! I am only light
years out of his class. Oh, he will do a lot for me 
before I am through with him.

I met him in the cafeteria line. He was already allowing 
students to go in front of him because he was waiting for 
me. I went in front of him too and gave him a big smile. 
When I see Chad I see my slave. He may as well have, 
"Jennifer's Slave", tatooed on his forehead. :)

I gave him a lot of really beautiful smiles. So he got 
paid for carrying my food tray. He would empty it too. 
I am sure he felt very fortunate to be in the same area 
as me. He was breathing almost the same air as ME!
 
I love for guys to do stuff for me. I have not tied my 
shoes in school since 1st grade! A Goddess must have a 
slave. I hardly see how any female can claim Goddess 
status if she has no slave. Hey, I may not bother 
to get a boy like Chad to serve me if all I wanted to use 
him for was a slave. It isn't. He will be my toy and I 
will do things to him that is humiliating. He will do 
anything to please me. I will do everything to him. He 
will want me to. How do I know this, experience, much
experience. Could I tell you a lot of really cool
stories about my childhood? 

I allowed Chad to walk with me in the halls all day Friday.  
He was in heaven. By the end of the day he was stooping 
at least six inches to get through the doors!  He never 
touched the floor! Had to duck to leave the school! You
know what I mean. I went the whole day allowing him to do 
stuff for me. We had the students giggling at us before 
Friday was over. I do not think Chad noticed they were 
laughing at him.
  
We got a lot of curious looks. I have seen them before.
I get them everytime I change boy friends. I ignored them.
Chad was in heaven. Sometimes I could hardly keep from
laughing. I giggled a lot. I don't think he was like
totally sure I was not laughing at him. Boy was he
going to fall hard. I expected many a great sacrifice 
from him!

"Hey slave, would you like to carry my stuff home after
dance practice?" I asked him with a light giggle.  He
took the,"slave", part as a joke. Silly boy!

"Sure," he answered. "How long is dance practice?"

"It will be 45 minutes today. Since you are with me, 
you can sit in the bleachers."

That really made his day. He was being invited to 
watch the dance/pom pon girls workout. The ony way 
anyone watches practice is to be invited by one of 
the varsity team members. I am Captain. The dance
routine we are working on was choreographed by
me. I have received letters of interest from universities. 
There are guys who would commit murder for a real date 
with me. Beginning to see why this nobody is so lucky? 
Watch what I do to him. Welll, really FOR him.

Chad watched us practice, believe me he was not bored!
Never in this guys wettest dream did he ever think he
would be sitting where he is now. Like there were six
students watching, he was one! There are sixteen
ladies in varsity dance, another sixteen in jv dance.
This was our joint session practice. We have joint
session practice every Friday.

When practice was over I changed, showered, and met
Chad in the gym. He was faithfully waiting for me.
I was the last girl to leave. I was last by design, 
I am sure you know that! He had now been waiting 
well over an hour.  
  
I walked up to Chad and said.

"I forgot something, it will take five minutes or so. 
I will be right back."
  
I set my unzipped gym bag on the floor at his feet. On 
top, in plain site were my folded panties. They were 
poised on top of the shorts I had worn in practice. I 
walked away and did not look back. I knew I had creamed 
them. I did that more then once thinking about my new 
slave. I loved being worshipped!

After five minutes, I opened the door quickly that leads 
to the locker and showers. His back was to me and to the 
instructors office. My gym bag was in front of him at his 
feet. I was certain that he hurriedly put something, my 
panties, back in the gym bag. He was pretty slick at it 
though. I was surprised he knew when I came back in the gym.

I nonchalantly strolled up to him.

"I always leave my bag open so my gym clothes will get air.  
You do not mind carrying them for me, you know, open like 
that, do you?"

My panties were on top and clearly visable.
  
Before he could answer I said, "Pick up my backpack too 
and lets go."

He picked them up. His books were in his backpack on his 
back. My gym bag was in one hand and my backpack in his 
other hand. That is why guys have two hands!

We walked out of the gym. There had already been whispers 
and gossip about us. You know the usual stuff like, "Jen 
has a new slave". "There goes Jen and her boy toy". "She 
is just using him". Well they are right, but really, boys 
are made for pretty girls to use! They were just adolescent 
remarks. They had no idea! I mean they are really naive.  
None of them, on their highest day of imagination, could 
dream of what I can do, and do, do, to boys! And I have 
been doing unmentionable things to guys, yeah, men too. 
I know how to, "Care for the opposite sex"!

Carrying my bags made him so happy. He carried my stuff 
with renued energy. I bet he would have tried to carry me
too if I had asked. Oh, he will get to! Boy Will he get to!

I practiced in front of a mirror. I practiced my various
smiles, my cute little twist, and my many looks. That
is the only real science a Goddess needs. Ask Mr. Rainey
one of my teachers. I could make good grades in his class 
and know nothing. Maybe I will use him more someday. Like 
really use him! Use him for a lot more than just a tongue 
fuck.

Do you wonder how I became the spoiled, sweet thing I am? 
I was born for it and raised in it. My mom is naturally 
demanding. My dad understands and treats my mom like the 
goddess she is. To look at him you would think he was 
totally into himself because he is so good looking. Not 
so, he lives for my mom, who is a real Goddess. Even as a 
little girl boys would come to my house to play. I insisted 
we play Princess/slave games. If they did not want to, or 
tired of my favorite game,they were not invited back and I 
did not play with them anymore.

I was really nice to Chad all the way home. I teased him
a lot. I would have jumped on his back and made him carry 
me but I was wearing a skirt. Maybe I will allow him to 
carry me tomorrow. I chatted and smiled alot. I giggled a 
lot too. I was so happy. I had me a slave for all of this 
year and maybe longer if I wanted him.

Mom was home when we arrived. I introduced him to my mom.
I thought I was going to have to close his mouth! Boys are
so stupid. Finally I said. "Chad, you are with me, remember?"

That embarrassed him. My mom laughed. I giggled then too.

"Mom we are going to look at English for a while. Chad is 
coming over tommorrow to help me study too. We have a big 
test next week."

"Jennifer, what is your room like?" 

Mom knew what my room was like. I have had no slave since 
summer. It has been cleaned since then though! But it is
still well, messy.

"Not bad mom, it will improve." I said with a giggle. Mom 
knew why I giggled.




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Four

I showed Chad to my room. He was still carrying everything.

"Put my gym bag down over there, and my books over by my 
desk." 

"Like my room?"

I knew it was a mess. That is why I invited Chad to my room. :)

"Chad, I invited you to my room for a serious talk. You
have been carrying my books, walking me to class, saving me
a spot in lunch line. That is good. You look at me as if I 
were a Goddess you wanted to worship. Soooo, I have to know 
what you really think about me."

"I love being with you Jennifer, anyone would. You know you
are the prettiest and most talented girl in school. I am not
at all sure why you picked me. You could have any guy."

"I know that silly. I do not want any guy. The important part 
of my question, is do you think of me as a Goddess?"

I was going to make him say it. It was important to the next 
round in, "Jennifer makes a slave"!

"You are a Goddess, If you are not, there are none and never 
were. If I could be granted only one wish, it would be that 
you be My Goddess forever."

I smiled, now wasn't that sweet, of me, Chad was merely being
truthful. I turned and looked in a mirror, brushed my hair
back with my hand and reconized how absolutely devine I was.
Chad was one lucky guy!

"Chad, it is like this. I need a boy to do stuff for me. Lots 
of stuff. So much that it is better if you think of yourself 
as my willing slave."

"I think that is what I have been since we first met." Chad
said with a sly smile. The boy had no clue.

"More than that, a lot more. Like my room needs to be cleaned, 
my bathroom needs to be cleaned, there is laundry to do, grass 
to mow, pool to clean. Chad, I can not do all of that and be 
the gorgeous popular pom pon girl I am. I need time to practice, 
keep myself beautiful, and time to do other things I like. You 
do not want my life to be a drudge, now do you?"

"I want your life to be the best it can be, as long as you are 
my girlfriend. I will help you with all that stuff."

"That is sweet Chad," I said as I planted a kiss on his lips.
A nice sexy kiss too. He blushed, he did not know how to kiss 
but he would learn how to kiss soft tender lips.  :)

"Chad, darling," I said while still holding him and looking 
into his eyes, even into his soul, which I would also own.

"I do not have the time to help you. I need for you to just do 
it. All of it for me. I will like to watch as you slave for me.
It is important for the boy I love to want to do things for me, 
lots of things. It reassures me of his love for me. Any boy can 
tell a girl he loves her, actions speak a lot louder than words. 
Do you love me Chad?"

I kissed him again before he had time to answer. I pressed my 
nipples against his chest. I kissed him a good minute. He was
breathless. He was also mine, all mine. It showed in his eyes.

"Yes, you know I do, I did from the moment I saw you. I thought 
you were so untouchable. I never felt good enough for you."

Just the kind of talk my mom told me I would hear from lesser 
creatures. Chad is basking in my glory. I love it, truly love it!

"You can begin on my room. Pick up everything, put it in its 
place. You will figure out where everything goes. Put my soiled 
clothes in my hamper in the bathroom. Dust and vacumn. Clean
my bathroom really good. I hate a messy bathroom. I am going 
outside to practice on the trampoline and maybe swim a few 
laps. I will check on you later. Don't worry about the clothes. 
You can do my laundry this weekend. I am going in the bathroom 
to change into my swim suit."

I went in closed the door and went pee. As I blotted myself I 
thought how nice Chad's tongue would feel. :) I will give it
a go tomorrow. I do not want to scare him off. After all he has 
made a big step into a life of slavery. In school they teach 
slavery is dead, silly fools!

I Walked out of the bathroom. Of course Chad looked at me. I
was dressed in a black two piece. Not a string, but a bikini.
Just a few of my pubic hairs would show in this one if I 
exposed myself just right. Chad would get a chance to see 
them before the day ended. I am so considerate of my little 
slave!

"OMG! Jennifer you are gorgeous." 

His mouth was open a few seconds before he said anything. 
That just blurted out.

I walked to him, put my arms around his neck and kissed him 
again. He wanted to neck. He learned fast!

"No, silly, not now! I have got to get my practice in and 
you have cleaning to do." I told him with a slight giggle.

I went down stairs and outside. Mom was sunbathing. She had
on all of her clothes. We would not want Chad to have a 
heart attack!

"Hi mom, may I join you?"

"Sure, what is your slave doing?" 

"I have him busy cleaning my room and bathroom. He will 
come over tomorrow to do laundry and mow. Sunday he can 
trim the lawn and clean the pool. Mom, he will be so useful."

"He appeard to be the type you can advance quickly. It will
be nice to have a slave again. You haven't used him for 
anything else, have you?"

"No mom, we haven't been going together for a week yet.
Not much longer than a day. Mom, you embarrass me sometimes."

"I doubt if anything would embarrass you Jennifer, you 
are my daughter. You were truly born to be served. Chad
is a lucky boy. Use him wisely. He will one day do 
anything for you. A boy like that has no limits. He may
even take you through high school."

We chatted a lot. Longer than I realized. I had to go in
and check on my little slave boy. I went in very quietly 
and slipped up the stairs. There was my slave. He had a 
pair of my panties in his mouth and a pair over his head 
with his nose buried in the crotch. Mom was right he is 
a true slave. Ohhhh, I will own him. The things I will
make him do to prove his devotion to me. There is nothing
better than having your slave prove his love.

I stood there and watched him, he finished cleaning my 
sink. He reached in my hamper and picked up another pair 
panties. He took the one out of his mouth, spread the 
crotch and looked at them. He put his finger in the 
crotch of the the ones he had just picked up and dunked 
them in my commode! I knew I had not flushed! He knelt 
down in front om the stool kissed my toilet seat and 
begin to clean the toilet. All the while he was 
chewing and swallowing. He was going to wear out all 
of my panties! He still did not know he was being 
watched. I sneaked back and got my camera. I snaped a 
picture. he continue to chew, swallow and clean. I 
wished I had taken a big dump in there now. I quietly
went to the hall.

"Hey Chad, how is the work coming along?" I called out 
from the hall as if I was just arriving.

A few seconds passed.

"Just fine Jennifer. How does your room look?"

"Really great Chad. I am glad I decided to let you go 
out with me!" I giggled just for my slave.

I walked in the bathroom. He had done a lot but he had
a lot to do too. I looked for my panties. They were no 
where in sight. Maybe someday he would not mouth wash 
them in my presence.

"I just came up to check on you," I told him. "I will 
come back later."

I rapidly moved away before he had a chance to try and 
kiss me. Like I would kiss him after I saw him doing 
all that.

I went outside and jumped on my trampoline for fifteen
minutes then hit the pool for thirty. That should give 
Chad enough time to clean my tub and shower, I thought. 
I went to him, very quietly again. He was really shining
my tub. His back was to me but I could see a pair of 
panties over his head. When he would turn his head I 
could see the pair in his mouth hanging down. I watched
in awe. I know he wants to do exactly what he is doing.
Still can you imagine a boy doing all of this for a girl 
merely because she is beautiful? Actually, it is not that 
simple. Most girls would never allow this. If she saw her 
panties in a boy's mouth she would scream. They have not
been properly raised! They will live their lives doing 
drudgery while I enjoy my life and the lives of my slaves.

I went to my closet and changed clothes. I called out to
Chad.

"Chad, take this wet suit to the laundry room. Go down 
to the basement it will be the door on your left."

He came out of my bathroom. His face was red. I do not
know if it was from work, sexual excitement, or fear 
thinking I had seen the "new pantie washing machine"!

I handed them to him and laid down on my freshly made bed.

He went down stairs with my bathing suit. I would give
100-1 he puts my bathing suit in his mouth when he gets 
to the laundry room. I wonder if he will lick any panties 
there. I have got to put a camera there. I wanted one 
installed when I had my last slave but it is a lot of 
effort. I always catch them doing things they would want 
no one to know anyway.

I told him 1:00 tomorrow. I will tell him I need him by 
9:00 before he leaves. I have nothing to do but enjoy 
myself all weekend. A little slave training, but that
was always fun!

It sure was taking him like forever to make the trip. I
know why too. :) Panty eater in the flesh, that's Chad!

I looked at my bathroom, it was spotless. I mean 
sparkling. I looked in my dirty clothes. The panties 
were on the bottom. Every pair had a clean wet crotch. 
Now I wonder how that happened? :)

I walked downstairs and waited for Chad to return. I 
could see no reason to disturb him in his moments of 
heaven. I knew what he was doing. Mom's panties were 
getting the royal treatment too. She would like that.

It was fifteen minutes before he came up from the 
basement. I was sitting in the living room. I could 
see down the hall from where I was. I called out to
him when he came into the hall.

"Chad, could you come over at 9:00.? Stop at the 
pastry shop and get me a chocolate pastry. Mr.Jones 
will know what I like. Just tell him it is for me.
My gosh look at the time, you should go, I would not 
want you to get in trouble at home. I will see you 
tomorrow," I said as I escorted him out the door.

He wanted a good by kiss.

"Not out here on my porch in broad daylight! I swear, 
Chad, do you want me to get a bad reputation in my 
neighborhood. Mrs. Smith acrossed the street never 
misses a thing I do anyway. She is the subdivision 
gossip too. No you will have to kiss me in your 
dreams tonight. Bye slave," I said with a giggle as 
I closed the door leaving him alone on the porch.
 
I found mom and gave her a report of today's activities.
She thought I was doing really well with Chad. She giggled 
when I told her I just knew he was in the laundry room 
cleaning her panties. She told me to be careful or she 
would steal him from me. He appeared to be a nice boy to 
own! I knew she was teasing me, mom would never steal one 
of my slaves, especially since she knows I would share them 
with her. Not sexually, but the slave part.

I could hardly sleep. I thought about Chad and the great 
life I had. I feel so sorry for unattractive girls, bless 
their little hearts. My grandma told me I could say anything 
about anybody as long as I said bless their little hearts at 
the end.

I fingered myself and thought about Chad and how he would 
slave for me this weekend. He would do soooo much work for 
us. Of course I do not mow lawn! But Chad thinks if he does 
not do it I will have to. Boys are so gullible. A pretty 
girl can tell them anything and they will believe her. She 
can tell them two truths, lie the third time and they will 
believe! Do you know if you go to the dictionary, look up 
the word gullible, boys are in the definition. My mom told 
me that. 

After a while I went to sleep, wet fingers, very wet crotch, 
and wet panties for my Chad. :)




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Five

I awoke, turned over and looked at my clock. It was 8:05!
I had to move it! I showered, dressed in a cute short white 
skirt with a deep water blue top to match my eyes. I had 
washed my hair and it hung in ringlet curls covering parts 
of my cheeks. I pulled it back while I did my make up. I did 
a good job with it too. I looked stunning. Mom called from 
downstairs that Chad was here. I was behind schedule. It 
would be ok to let him wait but he had my pastry!

I came down stairs. He was standing at the bottom of the 
stairs sort of to the side. He was getting an awesome view
of my thighs, maybe even my panties. He was learning fast!

I took the steps slowly. Chad did not seem to mind. His 
mouth was still opened. I was almost to the bottom before 
I spoke. He did not know mom was filming from the other 
side. The film would make a very good addition to my video 
scrapbook.

Good morning slave," I said with a giggle. "Ummmmmm what
is in the sack as if I didn't know?"

He handed me the sack. He had not said a word. He was big
time twitterpated!

There were two pastries in the sack.

"You are not eating, uh? One for me and one for my mom!"

"But----" He started to speak.

"Mom does not want one, I can only have one today. I guess
you will have to eat the other one, Chad." I said with a 
giggle.

I reached back my hand and led him to the kitchen.

"Chad get glasses for us. Get the plastic throw away ones 
in that cabinet." I pointed to a cabinet.

"I want milk, it is in the fridge, of course."

I did not ask what he wanted to drink. I knew he would 
have the same as me. The pastries were alike.

He poured our milks. I said, follow me. He had our milks 
and I had our pastries. We went to the table near the pool.

I let him sit close to me as we ate out pastries. He kept
looking at me when I would bite my pastry. I think he 
wanted to feel my beautiful teeth on his skin. That is 
something else about boys. So many of them would like to 
feel a pretty girl's teeth. Most will not admit it though.

While we ate I told him where the lawn equipment was and 
cautioned him about mowing any of mom's shrubs or flowers.
 
"You really do not want to anger my mom." I told him.

I explained that I had to listen to a recording and do my 
dance routine.

"This is soooo sweet of you to do my work. I did not know 
how I would get it all done. I thought I might have to 
drop out of dance."

He looked at me with open mouth again.

"Your parents would not be so mean. Your mom seems way to 
nice for that."

"My mom is a model, she is leaving for New York City Sunday
night. My dad is very busy in research. That leaves me, duh.
I am an only child, remember."

"You never have to worry about quitting dance. You are awesome. 
I would never allow that to happen even if I worked seven days 
a week for you."

I got up, leaned over and gave him a sweet chocolate pastry kiss.

"Thanks Chad, you are really sweet. I hate to ask you to do all 
of this work, but---"

"It is ok, Jennifer, I will just remind myself I am doing this 
for beautiful Goddess Jennifer."

I gave my little slave boy another kiss. :) When I got to the door
I turned and blew him another one. I might even come out and give 
him reinforcement. I giggled at that.

I went upstairs, put on my favorite Britney Spears CD, laid down 
on my bed and looked at the latest issue of Seventeen. I smiled
as I thought of Chad working so hard for little me!

I went to sleep. I had got up to early on a weekend morning. 
When I awoke I looked at my clock and it was after 11:00. I went 
outside to check on my slave boy. I was even bringing him a cola. 
See how considerate I am.

He was just finishing the mowing. Perfect timing. I am so great!

I waved at him. He put the mower away and came to the table.

"You look hot." I said with a giggle. He blushed.

"Here, I brought this for you."

He was so appreciative. He took a big gulp and thanked me again.

I was always ready to push the limit.

"Slave," I said haughtily. "If you are really appreciative, you
will kiss my foot."

I raised my leg and put my foot near his face. He looked at me.

"Well, am I a goddess or not?"

He lifted my daintly little foot to his mouth and kissed it. I
could feel myself becoming wet. 

"Kiss all of my toes, Chad. I love it when you kiss my feet."

He kissed all of those toes, then he bowed down to my foot that 
was on the patio and kissed all of the toes on my other foot. 
One at a time. That was to much. I giggled. I could not suppress 
it. OK so I didn't try.

He looked up at me. "You are not laughing at me, are you?"

"No silly, I giggle a lot. And, well, you did look funny!"

I laughed that time. 

"I love it, Chad. I really love it. You are so thoughtful and 
so sweet. I love the way you, kinda worship me, you know? I like
attention. I like tribute being paid to ME! If you want to keep 
me, be prepared to worship me bunches."

"Worshipping you will be the easiest thing I ever did," he said, 
with a little to much air of confidence. Boy was he wrong about 
the "easiest thing!"

I had been very thoughtful of my little slave. I left a Sonic 
cup complete with straw in my bathroom. I have not flushed the
commode. There is nothing in it but pee though. I do want it 
cleaned again today and tomorrow. I like a clean bathroom. Mine 
has been so dirty until I got my little slave boy. Darn I am 
getting wet again. I always get wet when I have Goddess/slave 
thoughts.

"Chad when you finish the lawn, perhaps you should start on my 
laundry. My bedroom and bathroom need daily attention. In spite 
of the way they looked before you cleaned them yesterday, I like 
for them to be clean. I just do not have the time, you know, 
with all of the work I must do on my dance routines. I love you 
Chad. You are so sweet to me."

I planted a quick kiss on his forehead and ran back in the house.

I looked out a window, Chad was already trimming. :)

I needed to take a dump. I was not ready to leave that for him 
yet. That will be a treat for tomorrow. :) I used the guest 
toilet. I flushed it. Mom would kill me if I did not!

When Chad finished trimming our lawn it was almost 1:00. I was 
so sweet. I brought him a frozen dinner, ready to eat of course,
and another cold drink. This time I brought him my mom's famous 
lemonade. I drink it all the time. It is so delish. 

Chad was so impressed! I let him kiss my feet again. I sat there
with him and allowed him to look at me. That was such a treat for 
him. He adores being in the presence of a goddess. Don't you think 
Chad was one of the luckiest boys on earth?

After lunch I got him busy on my laundry because while clothes
were washing he could be cleaning my bathroom. I did not want him 
to be idle. He would get to amorous if I did. I gave him a little
kiss once in a while.  I let him gaze at beautiful me to keep him 
working. He had my bedroom clean very quickly then he took my 
clothes to the laundry room. I wish I had a freaking camera in 
there. I know he is licking all of the cum from my last nights 
panties. I am making a cum addict out of him you know. Mom says
that when a boy has tasted my cum he wants to taste it again. The
more he gets, the more he wants. Cool uh! So all I have to do
is string him along and soon I have a full time, use for anything 
I please, slave. That will be my Chad. I get so horny when I have
thoughts of a long life with male slaves to do whatever I want 
them to do. I often wonder, how can a girl live with out a slave? 
Answer is they do not. They just exist.

I told Chad, when he was getting ready to start on my bathroom,
that I had to go to Ginger's house to practice. I would be back
in a couple hours. It would take him that long to clean my 
bathroom and do my laundry. I had my video camera in the tile
ceiling zeroed on the commode. I can not wait to watch the video.
That camera has captured secrets for my video scrapbook before!
Chad ask when was he going to help me with English. I told him
we would do that tomorrow. "Chad you have been outside working. 
You have perspired, you need a shower. Let's wait until tommorow 
to study."

He had a disappointed look and started to protest.

"Chad, I lead a very busy lifestyle. If you are going to be my
boyfriend, spend so much time with me, do things for me, you 
have to understand I do have a life other than you. Chad that 
is why I need your help. If I could be here all the time, I 
would not have so much need of you, would I?"

He agreed with me. I know he hated to see me leave. He likes
looking at me so much.

"I thought of you a lot last night. You are washing my clothes 
so you probably already know that!" 

I giggled as I walked out the door. Chad's face was red.

I went to Ginger's and we really did work on our routine. I
told Chad the truth. When I returned my bathroom was spotless.
Everything was so clean. I looked for my Sonic cup. It was gone 
to the trash bin. I wondered if he used the straw. All my 
clothes were wash and put away. Chad was awesome. I have not 
had to have him taught to do anything. I will need for our maid 
to teach him to iron. I will teach him to do other things, more 
intimate things. Tomorrow I will have a multi!

I got rid of him the same way I did yesterday. He wanted to take 
me to the movies but I explained I had already made plans, and no, 
no guys were involved! Chad may be to jealous to suit me. Jealous
boys are difficult especially since I am a born flirt!

I knew there would have to be some closeness for Chad tomorrow.
I had to give him some of me. Tomorrow he would get to taste me, 
the real me, not just my panties. I hope he would not act 
reluctant. I was not sure if I should show him a couple pictures 
first. No, I should not unless he refuses to give me the oral 
attention I deserve.

I retrieved the video camera, hooked it to my vcr to watch what 
had been recorded. He was so cute! He looked in my toilet.
He licked his lips and touched his thing. He spotted the Sonic 
straw. He removed the straw from the cup. He knelt in front of 
the commode and put the straw in the bottom of the water. He 
began drinking my pee and jacking off. That went on for awhile. 
I do not know if he quit because the toilet was empty or because 
he reached climax. He sure had more cleaning to do. He spurted 
out, he did not ooze out in a controlled manner as I do.

I stripped and fingered my pussy while watching the part again 
where he drink my pee. Ughhhh if he would drink piss from a 
toilet, even my piss, he would do anything!




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Six

I awoke, turned over and looked at my clock. It was almost 
10:30. I had told Chad not to come until 1:00 today. He was
ready to come back and slave for me at 9:00! I needed my 
beauty sleep! :)
I felt of my little pussy. Chad was in for one awesome 
experience! I know he has never dined at the Y before. :) 

I leisurely stretched,did my exercises,showered,dressed 
in cute short skirt, even shorter than yesterday. I put 
on a top that just covered my boobs. It was strapped 
behind. I was showing a lot of skin. I had done my hair and  
make up. I then went downstairs for brunch. I was alone in 
the house today. I could train and play with my boy toy :) 
all the rest of the day. I looked forward to the finished 
product, the training could be a drag at first until they 
got passed the initial shock of knowing that what they 
liked I liked, and I knew they liked it too! Once they 
were convinced that it was a normal thing and that they 
were suposed to enjoy eating a beautiful girl, they 
became insatiable. If they did not become insatiable, I 
dumped their ass. Hey, I could go almost a couple weeks 
without a slave if need be. It would not take that long 
to get a replacement. That is one thing I learned about 
slaves, they can always be replaced.

I heard the bell, that would be my little toy. I opened
the door. There stood Chad, pastry sack in hand. A big
smile on his face which quickly froze. The sack hit the 
floor. Chad's smile changed to an open mouth expression.
You would think he never seen a girl. Finally he blurted
out.

"Jennifer you are gorgeous, you are so beautiful."

I giggled when he fell to his knees and kissed my pretty 
feet. One kiss on each foot. He raised up, sack in hand,
and said, "I know you did not ask for one but I wanted 
to bring you one anyway. Jennifer you are awesome!"

Twitterpated, the boy was twitterpated. Yeah, today was
going to be memorable to Chad for life. Maybe me too!

"Thank you Chad," I said as I reached out both hands for 
him. I took the sack in one hand and Chad's hand in the 
other. I led him to our kitchen. The thought crossed my 
mind about leading a sheep to slaughter. :) I giggled.

"I already ate mine. 1:00 was so long, I ate it at the 
pastry shop while I waited to come to your house."

I gave him a kiss. 

"Hey slave," I teased. "I need a foot rest while I eat 
this delish pastry. Kneel right there facing me. I will 
use you as my foot rest, stretch back and eat this. You 
get to watch ME!"

The way I said that to him was like it was a very usual 
thing. You know, like everybody did it.

He looked at me a few seconds, a smile never left my 
face. I could see me in a mirror. I was radiant.

Slowly he dropped to his knees and put his hands on the 
floor in front of me. I slid back in the chair and but 
my left foot over his arm and rested it on his back. I 
slowly moved my other foot on him too. I took a bite of 
pastry watching him all the time. He was merely being 
my foot rest! I thought I would burst out laughing. He 
looked so comical. 

"Crawl forward, slave," I giggled, "I need to put my 
legs on you. That would be more comfortable. After all, 
a goddess's comfort is what this is all about!"

He was not at all sure of what to do. He did not want
to appear silly, but I was so good at making this seem 
like a normal thing.

He crawled forward as I lifted my legs and kept motioning 
him closer. I shifted my weight on his back, lifted my ass 
and moved forward to the edge of the chair. I motioned him 
closer. His approach kept getting slower as his face neared 
his heaven. I smiled at him all the while wiggling my finger 
that said, come just a little bit closer. I wondered if he 
could smell my femininity. I watched his face for a sign of 
his first smell. Makes me wish I had not had that shower!
Not really, I want a light scent to began his training. I
would not want him to be repulsed by the scent of my pussy.
As if he could be! :)

Chad was not saying anything. He was to stunned to speak. I 
had his face about two inches from my crotch. He had never 
been so close to a pussy. He had a good view of my panties 
and they did not cover much. I aqueezed his face with my 
legs. Released and said.

"Chad, are you into long distance relationships?" I put the 
pastry in the sack and reached for Chad's head. I was going 
to have to guide him in. He was not going to make the 
landing on his own! :) I gently pulled on his head. He 
crawled right up to where his face was buried in my crotch. 
I could feel his breath. I squeeze him a little harder than 
I meant to. He cried out. 

"Umhum," he said in a muffled voice. I knew what he wanted. 
I held my grip but released thigh pressure.

"Sorry, lover, I did not mean to squeeze you that hard. Did 
I hurt you?" I had concern in my voice.

He ate it up,---- the voice! He will eat pussy in a few minutes.

"Nnno I am alright." Boy was he! I know he had had wet dreams 
of this moment. He just never dreamed it would happen this way 
and certainly not so soon.

"Do you want to remove my panties?" I ask him so very sweetly.

"Yes," he answered. I pushed him back, lifted my ass and 
removed my panties. They were wet and Chad noticed that.
He was staring at my pussy, this had to be his first one live 
and close up. I just reached for his head and pulled him back 
in, He did not resist. Things were going very well.

"Lick me, Chad, what is taking you so long. Get your mouth in 
place and insert your tongue, now Chad."

I said this in a way to let him know what he was about to do 
was the thing. That I had probably had lots of guys lick my 
pussy and if he did not there had to be something wrong with 
him. Gay maybe.

He put his mouth against my lips and inserted his tongue. I 
got a firm grip on his head. I would not hurt him this time. 
I would just let him lick around, feel his way and enjoy his 
first real taste of pussy. He was so fortunate that his first 
time was with a beautiful goddess who was clean and knowledgable 
in receiving cunnilingus. I started making little moaning 
sounds for him but soon I was making them for me. He was 
getting me off nicely. I continue to moan and call out his 
name. Sometimes with seriousness and sometimes with a smile 
on my face from amusement. He could not tell the difference.

When my first orgasm came I held him very tightly. I did not 
sink in my nails but he was not going anywhere until I was 
through with his mouth either. He was doing pretty good, 
really good considering this was his first time. 
(I thought anyway). It had to be, he did not know how to kiss. 
Well he is better at eating pussy than he is kissing. :)

"Chad, you always must lick me, suck out all of the delish cum
I created just for you and swallow. That is important. When you 
are doing that you are telling me how much you love me and that
you want me to be Your Goddess."

He responded not in words but in deeds. He licked and swallowed.
I could tell he liked it. He would be pussy whipped for the 
remainder of his life. Some female or females would use him
forever. I knew he would not last for me. But he would be so 
good for awhile though. "Ohhhhh Chad, that is so good. We must 
do this a lot. Anytime I call you you must run over and get 
me off. Ohhhh, I am going to adore owning you Chad. Do you like
being owned by me?"

"Oh yes, Jennifer, I love being owned by you. Call me anytime.
Call me at midnight if you want. I will come anytime you call. 
I love you."

He said all that between licks and slurps. He was a noisy eater!
He put his tongue in my love canal and I gripped it. We played 
like that a while and I could feel my heat building again. I 
looked into his eyes. He knew too. Must be animal senses, 
unless he has eaten pussy before, naw, couldn't be.

He got me off again. I needed that. Girls have too much stress.
Even me, I will not have a care now. I am being well taken care 
of. (Especially now! :) I thought. I will still have stress 
though. This is the very best stress reliever. I always felt so 
good and relaxed after I reached orgasm and Chad was cleaning my 
pussy. I loved his tongue, I thought.

"Chad, hon, I have to go pee."

I did not move. I wanted to see what he would do. A few seconds
passed. I felt movement. He was! He really was! His mouth was 
being tightly pressed against me. Awesome!!!!

"Chad, slave, if you need for me to stop, press on my leg. Are
you ready. He gave a grunt and I gave Chad his first drink of 
fresh pee. It would be a lot stronger than the weakened stuff 
he sipped through the straw yesterday. 

He drink quiet well. I only stopped the flow twice. I squeezed 
his face with my thighs when I finished. 

"That was so sweet Chad. I am glad you like doing stuff like 
this for me. We will do it often. You can serve your goddess 
a whole lot. You are awesome Chad!"

His tongue proved his graditude. He was easy, so easy. Him I
will enjoy, him I will use. :) I worked very hard and 
surpressed a giggle.




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Seven

I kept Chad on the floor at my feet for a long time. He looked
so good there. His rightful place. The power surge was the 
best. There is nothing to replace the power feelings that
comes with the knowledge complete ownership of another brings.
My boy toy had brought me through two orgasms and had drink
my pee with no protest. In fact, he acted as if he knew he 
was born to serve me. I did not go pee in his mouth to be 
sadistic or mean. Like I am not like that! I did it because
I had to know if I could. Once he started swallowing I 
swelled up with pride of ownership. I never meant to degrade
Chad, far from it. I desired to elevate him to heights he had 
never been. Like when he was eating my pussy. Chad could never 
have dreamed of doing anything so far above him. He had 
climed the highest mountain, so to speak. Chad was looking at 
the most intimate parts of my bod. He was kissing close to my 
pussy. I allowed him to get a glimpse of heaven. Chad ate it 
up! I giggled with my thoughts of the pun! Pretty soon I was 
really laughing. I had a hard time explaining to Chad that I 
did that sometimes. It had nothing to do with what we just
done. I giggled a lot. Like he already knew that! 

"Sometimes," I explained, I begin giggling, then laughing and
can not stop."

I did not try either! I saw no reason to tell him that though.

I let my slave boy up. I was getting tired of setting like that.
My butt was tired. He had a boner. I ignored that. Some things
are best ignored. I marched him upstairs to clean my bedroom 
while I took a dump in the bathroom. I knew I was not going 
to flush. I turned my camera on too. I thought about calling 
him for wiping duties but what if he rebelled, no better to 
take him slower. The way he performed downstairs though, he 
might be ready.

I walked out of the toilet and closed the door. I did not spray 
anything. Boy did it stink! It was important that Chad get 
accustomed to little things like that about me. He had begun
looking at me and seeing only Goddess, well I was human too.

"Chad I am going down to do my trampoline jumps, come down after 
you clean my bathroom. There is a blue toothbrush in the holder
for guest. Use it."

I gave him a quick little peck on his forehead and ran downstairs. 
He smelled like my pussy!

I was just finishing my jumps when he came out the door. I walked 
over to the table and we sat down. 

"Chad the proper way to greet your goddess is to bow down and kiss 
each of her feet." I giggled.

He did it! Got right on his knees and planted kisses on my pretty 
little feet. I put one foot on him and allowed him to kiss and pay 
proper homage to the other. Once he tried to arise. I put all my 
weight on him he stayed down. I let him trade feet. I kept him on 
the ground kissing and licking my feet. I allowed him to suck on 
each of my toes. He was on the ground in front of me for more than 
thirty minutes. I was feeling those urges again, never mind that
I had two orgasms a couple hours ago. Chad made me so hot.

"Jennifer we have to go over our English. I know it. I want you 
to know it also."

"That is not very important. You will slip me the answers of the 
ones I do not know or have a question about. I will put my hands 
on my desk, the number of fingers will tell you which answer I want. 
A kick will let you know I am signaling you. Two kicks will add ten, 
three kicks will add twenty. Got it?"

"Jennifer that does not appear honest."

I gave him the,"Jennifer is getting mad at you," look.

"Of course I want to do it though," he smiled, "Could we study a 
little though."

Maybe he will go far. He is in the presence of ME and he wants 
to study! "OK," I told him, "Lets go to my room and study stupid 
English."

We studied for more than two hours. I was tired of studing. Crap I 
would not need him to give me answers. I was becoming an expert. 
I was secretly proud of how much he was helping me though. Chad was
a very nice boy. He was a wonderful slave! I thought with a giggle.
When I begin to think to many good thoughts of Chad I have to envoke
our Goddess/slave relationship. I could never allow myself to become
very attached to him. That would wreck havoc with our real purpose
for being together. I must remain a Goddess, Chad must remain a 
slave. That is the natural order of things. Dad says when the 
natural order is interfered with, well, that is bad.

"Chad all of this studying has made me tense. Studying is stressful.
I need all the tenseness removed."

"How can I do that, want a massage?"

"You can start with that I said as I laid down on my bed. Massage
my back, shoulders, and neck."

He went to work on me. See what I do for my slave. He is being 
allowed the pleasures of touching me while looking at my cute butt. 
I know how it sticks up when I am laying like this. I am surprised 
he can keep from kissing it. In a short while he will not be able 
to resist. Now he does not know it would be alright for him to kiss
my ass. He will learn! I giggled.

"Ohhhh slave," I said with another giggle, "That helped but what 
really removes all my stress and makes me feel really good is when 
you go down on me." I said as I rolled over on my back and put my 
feet in the air. My short skirt fell to my hips revealing a 
beautiful pantied ass.

"Chad, pull off my panties, I need your tongue," I told him with 
wide eyes that said, what are you waiting for.

He pulled. I lowered my legs over his shoulders. As my legs came 
down he was blessed with the best view of my ass he had had to date.
I was giggling as I reached for his ears and playfully pulled on 
them.

"Do you know how a Goddess holds her liquer?" I giggled. He 
responded by licking my entire slit with his tongue. How did he
know I liked that so much?

May I teach you to do that the way I like it?" I sweetly asked him.

"Yes, please, I want to know how to please you. I have heard of 
this, I never heard it was this good. Even if someone told me it 
was, I would not have believed it. Jennifer, you are really good!"

"OK, this will be a training session. It will not be even close to 
the pleasures we will each receive after you learn."

"Once your mouth is where it is now, over my pussy you must 
concentrate on my pleasure only. You never have any thought of you. 
Something else, there is nothing vulgar about my pussy, my ass, my 
clit, or anything else about my body. I go pee. I even take a dump. 
I do not want you to be, or act shocked when I use those words. OK?"

"Now your first lick should always be the length of my pussy with a 
WET tongue. The lick should be slow and gentle. That is a very 
sensitive part of me. The inside is a lot more sensitive. You can 
hurt me if you are not gentle."

"I would never hurt you, Jennifer. You are awesome. I am in love 
with you."

Now run your tongue in circles around my lips." I said with a smile.
I knew he was twitterpated! That is why I owned him body and soul.

I held his head just in case he would try to raise up to my mouth!

"Ohhh that is it. If you listen to my voice and to my breathing 
you will know when you are doing it right. Feel my ass move and 
my nails tighten on your neck? Those are also signals to you.  
Stay in tune to my body. Concentrate on giving me pleasure. That 
is why you are there. Take my lips, one at a time between yours and 
suck gently. Run your tongue over it as you suck. Oh, DON'T suck 
hard. Be very gentle with me. Yess, now the other lip. Ummm that 
feels good. It is time to put your tongue inside me. Push just the 
tip in first and wiggle it around before pushing it in more. Ummm, 
Chad I am already in love with your tongue. Are you sure you have 
never done this until today? Push all of your tongue inside, bring 
it back out, swallow if needed and put it in again."
 
"Chad, you are now eating my pussy! -----  Well"

"I love it, I really do! I love the taste of your cum, I adore your 
scent! Can I leave my mouth here forever!"
  
"You have a great idea, we will work on that." I giggled. He tensed.

"Chad I am not laughing at you. I giggle a lot. I have told you that. 
As much as you have been with me you should know it by now! Just
devote all of your concentration to my pleasure. Stay in tune with 
my body. Give me pleasure, release all of my tenseness, that is what
a slave does for his Goddess. Worship my pussy, slave."
 
I was letting him feel my nails. Chad needed to know there was pain 
associated with love. He yelped a little like a puppy, when my nails 
cut him. He kept tonging me though and his yelps were less as I cut 
him more. When I finished with him this time he would have a sore 
neck and head. His tongue would be very tired also. It was important
a slave feel that he had been used. That way he knew his Goddess 
had derived pleasure from his presence. 

I was getting off on Chad's face and it required restraint to avoid 
hurting him a lot. He was going to have marks from this love making 
session anyway. I hoped he would wear his cuts with pride. Sometimes
when I cut off his air for to long he would begin to have a panic 
attack. I always let him breathe though even if it did mean a pause 
in his tonguing and pleasuring of me.

I have very strong legs from all the dancing I have done. I used them 
to squeeze Chad's face. If he stayed with me I bet his face would 
become longer from all the squeezing. When I climaxed I squeezed him 
extra hard. He gave a muffled cry of pain but I held on. I released 
him when I knew it was necessary. He was out of breath and may have 
run except I still had a tight grip on his body with my legs. I was 
not letting him up. He still had licking and cleaning of a very 
messy area to attend to. I knew Chad would love messy areas. Giggle.

When Chad caught up with his breathing I guided his face back to my 
pussy. He began licking me.

"Suck and swallow too." I told him in my sexy voice. He instantly
complied.

When Chad finished the clean up work, I reminded him it was time 
for us to part. I told him I expected him at my door 7:00 AM
ready to assist me. I would need my bed made and other little 
things. I would also want him to clean my bathroom. He would 
gradually learn to do other things for me. I have plans for a 
live in slave. Chad would make a very good one. I would allow 
him to walk me to school Monday morning. I certainly was not 
going to carry all of my stuff! Well, any of it! :) He was 
eager to do my bidding. What a slave!

I ushered him out as I had previously done. He tried to kiss my
mouth.

"Chad, you smell like my pussy. I know you like it and think it 
is delish, well, I do not. I mean I like it but I have no desire 
to taste it! I will kiss you another time. Go, do not be late 
getting home, we would not want you to be grounded!

My little slave walked away happy from doing so much for me and 
being allowed such intimate contact with my bod. He was a very 
lucky guy, I thought, giggling all the way upstairs! 




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Eight

I went straight to my video camera, hooked it to my tv an watched
my recording. I giggled as I watched his nose wrinkle from the
awful stink. Then that worshipful look came over his face. He knelt 
down in front of my toilet and slowly lowered his head into the 
commode. His right hand went to his thing. I marveled at how far 
his head was inside my toilet. After a few minutes he surfaced. 
His hair was dripping wet. His head had been all the way in! There 
were no brown stains on his lips but there was a little brown spot 
on his nose. I smiled as I reviled in my knowledge of power over 
Chad. He really worshipped me I thought as my hand went to my g spot. 
When a guy worships a girl the way Chad worships me, anything is 
possible! Chad was going to be one used guy!

I knew I would use Chad more than I had ever used anyone before. 
He was made for lots of use, even abuse. I would have no problems 
doing that because he meant nothing to me. He was smart, to smart. 
He was very kind and considerate. But he was different, I suppose 
that is why he was such a good slave. I would use him until he 
could take it no more and move on or well, we won't think about 
that. Either way, I will get me another slave to replace Chad when 
the time comes. Don't you dare think bad things about me. I am a
very sweet and proper young lady. But if a girl reaps no benefits
from being gorgeous, she may as well have been born ugly. Wellll,
don't you agree?

I went to the movies with some of my girlfriends. The only time I
thought of Chad was when I needed to go pee. I had to leave in 
the middle of the movie. It was very dark in there. I think I 
could have peed in Chad's mouth. Boy that would have shocked my 
friends! When Chad and I go to a movie, we will go to a drive-in.
Maybe I will allow him to take me to a drive-in next week-end.
Technically I will take him, since I will drive. Chad has no car.
With a mouth and tongue like Chad's, a boy does not need a car!

I got a lot of questions about Chad from my girlfriends. They 
were surprised I was going with him. I told them we were just 
friends. I told them Chad liked to do things for me. One of my 
friends said. "Yeah, I bet!"

I could not resist. I told them Chad had cleaned my bedroom, 
bathroom, and mowed our lawn. My mom had warned me several times 
to never discuss my boyfriends and their devotion to me. I later 
learned why. My error speeded the loss of my most devoted slave.
I was glad I never told them about anything else. None of them
will ever have a slave. That is to bad. Most girls can not
handle it. Their emotions get in the way. I was never prouder
of the way mom had taught me. I knew how to use the male for
the purpose they were put on earth for, slave to the female.
Mom has told me that there are far more male slaves than there
are females who know how to use them. There are at least fifty 
guys I know who have slave potential. I mean ones I am sure of.
Maybe one or two are being used in a small way. I do not believe
any of them are being fulfilled as is Chad. He is so lucky, I 
thought with a smile!

Chad was right on time, to the minute. This boy was really 
learning how to serve. I let him in. He hit the floor and kissed 
both of my feet. When he raised up, I gave him a quick kiss and 
sent him upstairs to clean. I had left my clothes where I removed 
them. My slave would enjoy picking them up, especially my wet 
panties. 

Can you believe there was an article in the paper last month about 
break-ins. Yeah, break-ins. The only items missing were soiled 
panties! Some panty freak was stealing ladies undergarments. Chad 
would not have to do that. He had plenty to clean. My mom and I 
would see to that. 

I sneaked upstairs, Chad had my panties in his mouth just a 
scrubbing my tub. I smiled as I left my room. He never knew I was 
there.

When I got back in the hall I called out to him.

"Chad, my mom will be gone all week on a photo shoot. She told 
me to take care of the cleaning while she was gone. Will you do 
that for me? Go in their bedroom, do as you did for me. Clean 
the bathroom too, Chad. I think we have time if you work fast."

I went downstairs, never giving him a chance to answer. A 
slave's answers are not important anyway.

I was waiting for him when he came down stairs. I gave him a 
kiss on his forehead. My slave had been working hard for me. I 
stood there a few seconds looking at him. Finally I looked down. 
He knew what he had forgotten. He got on his knees and kissed 
each of my shoes.

"Chad, hon, you really should ask permission to remove my shoes 
so you could kiss my feet. ------"Well?"---- 

"May I kiss you feet, Goddess Jennifer?" He asked with a smile
that was not a servile expression.

"Yes, slave, you may." I told him in my best haughty voice complete
with smug expression.

When I thought he had paid sufficient homage to my feet I told him 
to get up and get my backpack and gym bag. I thought about making 
him give me a piggyback ride to school but I knew that would not 
do at all. 

To bad there is not a femdom town we could be a part of. Wouldn't 
that be cool? A whole town where men could be the slaves of women! 
My mom said she envisioned a society where all men were slaves 
from birth. As soon as they were old enough they became servants 
of little girls. I have had dreams of that since I was very young. 
Her stories are where a lot of my princess/slave games came from. 
I had a little slave boy when I was three. He was five. He pulled 
me around in my wagon. My mom made the cutest little harness for 
him to wear. The tongue of the wagon fastened to the harness. 
There were even reins attached to a leather bar in his mouth. She 
later gave me a small whip to use on him when needed. Well I 
thought he needed it a lot. :) His mom complained she said,"when 
he came to play with me he was always coming home with these 
marks." :)

Chad was my devoted slave all week. There were more and more 
remarks being made. The kids here were into harsher remarks 
than middle school students. I guess they new more about games 
I played from the internet. Of course they had no idea the 
depth of my games. 

Chad continued to be devoted to me. I used him more all the 
time. He cleaned at my house every morning and every evening. 
He was at his house just long enough to sleep. When Friday 
came I ask Chad if his parents would let him spend the 
week-end with me. I did not tell him but there was so much 
that needed to be done. Also, I wanted to take him deeper 
into slavery. 

Chad thought he was in heaven when I asked him. He thought
I loved him. Silly boy! 

He called me as soon as he got home Friday evening after a 
hard four hours of work.

"I had to talk a lot, but they agreed. My brother complained 
because he was doing his work and mine too. He does not 
understand dating a goddess."

I giggled all the while he was telling me this. He also made 
confessions of his love and devotion to me. I pressed harder 
and harder on my g spot. Chad would have extra wet panties to
eat Saturday morning.

"Chad, hon, you may come as early as you choose. Do not awaken 
me though. You may clean everywhere except my room. Don't 
vacuum upstairs either. I like sleeping late on week-ends. I 
know you will want to start serving me early. We are going to 
have so much fun this week-end. I love having you as my slave."

"I love being your slave, Jennifer. There is nothing I would 
not do for you, nothing."

"Like, WOW! I thought. I merely said, "Thank you Chad."

I thought about what he had just said and how he said it. There 
was pure devotion in his voice. I was a real goddess to him. He
was in for some real use this week-end. I have always wanted to 
know what depths and what depravity a guy would sink to please 
and satisfy a beautiful girl. My mom has told me several times 
there was no limit, although some had limits. I wonder if Chad 
had a limit?

Dad would be out of town this week-end too. I did not tell Chad 
that. There was no reason too. He may not ask,just think dad was 
late in getting in. I will tell him only if it becomes appropriate.
I looked at the house. It was pretty clean. I fixed me a sandwich.
I paid no attention to the crumbs that dropped. I spilled a little 
on purpose. A busy slave is a happy slave. I was going to make
sure Chad was in a constant state of euphoria!

I went to the mall. I may go to the movies, or maybe bowling.
Yeah, bowling. I know I will not bump into Chad there. I bet he
goes to bed early and wanks off thinking of me. I giggled to
myself. There is nothing like having a slave. The more you can do 
to them, the more special it is, mom says. She also has made it 
clear that there are two different kinds of slaves. One you 
pretend with just enough to keep him hooked. The other you do 
not abuse, well except for the ring. That is not abuse and is 
necessary if it is to be a very special relationship. Mom says
dad is the only guy she ever ringed. Mom does not use dad, rather
dad is very attentive to her. He does not think of being mom's 
slave. He is devoted to her. They love each other very much.
Their's is the kind of marriage I will have someday when I
meet the right person. Chad is most definitely not that person.
Chad is my slave and exist for my pleasure. Boy will I use him!
You know when I told you I was not sadistic? Well, maybe I am,
just a wee bit. Giggle

I remember when I first noticed the scratches on dad's back and
knew it was from mom's nails. I asked her about it and she told me
those were love marks and would tell me more when I was older.
She told me one day. She explained that the marks on dad once in 
awhile was because dad had "lit her fire" and she had reached an 
intense orgasm. She told me it happens when two people truly love 
each other. She said I would understand when the time was right.
She also explained, and I noted, they could be signs that the girl 
had reached orgasm and was not concerned with the guys well being, 
and well, just did it because she could do it and get away with it.
It showed power. Power the female exerts over the male. :) Chad
is a male.




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Nine

I did not bowl as good as usual. I could think only about
the remainder of the week-end. I had plans for Chad. He 
would be used. Chad meant nothing to me. He was merely a 
slave and a toy for me to use in any way I could imagine.
From what I have seen and the talks with mom, I am sure
I can do almost anything to him. Mom has cautioned me
about doing to much. She said when I really start to do
things to him and hear his cries I will be really turned 
on and must refrain from hurting him to much. I have 
confessed to mom that I am just using him, he means 
nothing to me. She was concerned I would get carried away 
while taking pleasure from abusing him. 

I should have been saving myself, maybe. I was so horny.
My panties were soaked. I was not going to bathe. Chad
would be deprived of my sweetness if I did. The scent may
be a bit rank, but so what. It is time for intense 
training. I must have him as my live in slave. I could
get a lot more use from him. It would be nice if he 
disappeared to the world and only my parents and I knew 
where he was. Boy could I use him! I pressed on my g spot, 
fingered myself and dreamed of a perfect life where females 
used males openly in society. I dreamed of the many things 
I would do to Chad in a society like that. 

I do not know what time I went to sleep. I would sleep late 
tomorrow. I would get a lot of use from Chad. I would allow 
him to clean first. That would highten his desire for my bod. 
The greater his desire, the more I could use him. I have
dreamed of such a situation for a few years. I would make 
many of those dreams come true.

I awoke. I looked at the clock. It was 9:30. I could hear
Chad vacuuming downstairs. I needed Chad now. Like really
needed him. 

I went to the door and called to him.

"Chad, I have a special need for you, come quickly!"

If he did not, I would wet myself!

Chad came up the stairs in a run. Such control I have
over him.

"Chad, hon, would you like to prove your love for me?"

I Took him in my arms and gave him a kiss, mouth to mouth.

"I am always ready to prove my love for you Goddess. Anything,
anything at all."

He had that worshipful look. I gave him a sexy smile and
pushed down on his shoulders. He remembered he had not kissed 
my feet. That was not why I was pushing him to the floor. I
let him kiss each of my feet then said, "Chad, I have to pee,
a lot. I want you to taste my pee in the morning. It proves
your love even more because my pee is stronger. You have to
really love me to keep it all down. There will be so much too, 
Chad. Just press on my leg when you need air."

"Open your mouth and swallow these," I said as I reached for 
some very strong anti vomit medication. Chad best pray he does 
not get food poisoning! 

Chad let his mouth fill and swallowed in big gulps the way I 
told him to. He follows directions very well, I thought, as
I continued to pee in his mouth. He stopped me several times
but got all of it down. I had never been so hot. Doing this 
to Chad was one huge power trip. 

When he finished drinking I allowed him to clean me with his 
tongue. I needed cleaning too. I knew it had to be awful but 
my little dedicated slave boy continued his worship of me. 
With ever lick he gave me and with each one of his swallows, 
I felt more like the Goddess I am. I was sure Chad would not 
vomit and make a mess of anything. He would get some new 
experiences this week-end. A whole week-end of pain and 
pleasure for us. 

"Chad, hon, I want to tie you. Have you ever surrendered
yourself to another. It is a huge turn on. Can't you imagine 
giving me complete control over you. Oh Chad, I would adore 
that!"

He hesitated to long.

"Chad, if you love me you trust me. If you trust me you will
let me tie you. Don't you see how erotic it is. I want you to, 
Chad. I really want it."

The beginning of my plea sounded like a plea. The end of it 
sounded more like a command. An ultimatum even.

"This takes a lot of trust, you will untie me if I ask, won't 
you?"

I could see the fear in his eyes. Oh what power!

"Chad, you really have to trust me." I said very sweetly. He
would have done anything for me. 

"Where do you want me?" He asked.

"Follow me." I said while walking away.

Chad was being treated with a magnificient view of my ass
as my thin pjs were framed against the light. He would see 
more!

I went to the basement and entered a room with Chad right 
behind me chattering nervously about my control over him.
He was trying to make jokes of it but I knew he was more 
than a little apprehensive. With good reason too! :)

"Over there, Chad, on the table. Strip to the waist. Put 
your arms over your head."

He did as I asked, silly fool. I removed the leather straps
from the nightstand drawer and fastened to his wrist. All 
the time telling him how much this meant to me. How special 
he was, etc. You know, bull shit.

I fastened each wrist to the rings at the head of the 
examination table. The rings were attached to the wall.
Chad was going nowhere until I released him. I securred 
each of his ankles to similar rings in the concrete floor. 
Chad was totally captive, at my mercy, all mine. This is what 
I had dreamed of. The smile I gave Chad this time brought more 
fear to his eyes. If a spider could smile, this was the smile a 
fly would see. The last thing the fly would see.

"Jennifer, I don't know about this. I think I want to be untied."

"Chad, I have done nothing to you! Chad, you have to trust me.
How can a slave not trust the goddess he worships. That is silly.
You have to trust me." 

I gave him a warm smile and some of the fear left his eyes. It
would return!

"Chad, I am soooo hot. You know what to do about that, don't you?
Use that talented tongue. Show me how much you love my pussy.
Show me how much you adore the taste of my cum. Eat me, Chad. Eat
me until your tongue is to tired to wiggle, then eat me some more.
Don't ever stop licking me, Chad. Never!"

I pulled on his ears a little roughly. I ignored the noise he made. 
That was nothing! Chad was eating me the way I told him to. As I
wiggled and moaned I started making continous s's on his back with 
the nail of my forefinger. He cried out as my nail removed skin.

"Chad, it does not hurt that much. They are just tiny scratches, 
love scratches. You are distracting me, stop complaining and 
concentrate on giving me pleasure. A little pain will not kill you. 
I thought you were a strong guy. Eat me, Chad, eat me!"

Chad went back to work on my pussy, oh, that felt so good. I tried 
thinking of other things, it was not working. I could feel my heat 
building. I was not going to be able to postpone my climax. I wished 
I could. I went with the flow, what else could I do. I did not want 
to stop. I placed both of my hands as far down his back as I could 
reach and bared down hard. When I climaxed I raked all the way up. 
Chad would be marked for a long time. Maybe forever. It felt so very 
good. My orgasm mixed with his loud cry of pain. He had eight bloody 
troughs in a row the length of his back. He was whimpering and begging 
me to free him. I had no intention of doing that. I was in a dreamy 
state. That moment when a woman has been so satisfied by a man. I 
knew why dad's back had marks. None like this though. I ignored Chad's 
silly cries. I relaxed and let my juices ooze slowly out of my pussy. 
I had Chad's head trapped between my thighs. I reached down, took an 
ear in each hand and pulled. He did not resist as I securred pussy to 
mouth contact. I felt his tongue enter and could hear him swallow. 
Chad had had his first real sex experience, as had I. I knew I had to 
find a way to keep him. I mean keep him here to use when I wanted, the 
way I wanted. I had no reguard for Chad, I just wanted the pleasure 
using him provided me. That was so great. I would remember that 
experience always.

Chad was trying to speak. I was not interested in anything he had to 
say right now. I kept pulling on his ears and making a tighter contact 
muffling his voice. I continued to dream, enjoying Chad's tongue and
basking in the moment. 

I looked down at Chad, he looked funny. I relaxed my grip. He started 
gasping for air. My cum had blocked his nose and I had him pulled so 
tightly against my pussy he could not breath. So that was what all the 
ruckus was about. I patiently waited for his breathing to return to 
normal. As soon as he started to speak I grabbed his ears for more 
mouth to pussy action. He pulled against me. I let my nails encourage 
him to cooperate. His mouth returned to my pussy and he resumed licking 
and swallowing. I must have cum a ton! I would look forward to many
meetings like this. I was concerned Chad would not be a willing 
participant again. Naw, one threat of losing me and he would sacrifice 
some more skin for my pleasure. he is stupid like that. I can do 
anything to him I please. I just know it!

"Ohhhh Chad, that was the best sex I ever had! You were awesome, just 
awesome! Oh Chad, did you love it too? I just know you did! Tell me how
much you loved giving me all that pleasure! Tell me, Chad, tell me now!"

"Jennifer you almost killed me! What did you do to my back? I want to 
see it. Untie me Jennifer, you said you would if I asked."

"Chad, how could you say those things. I will untie you if you really 
want me to. I will never speak to you again though. I am really 
disappointed! I was so high. Chad you are mean, plain mean."

I gave him my pouty look. I have a great pouty look. We were silent for
a full minute. Semmed like an hour. 

"O.K. I am sorry, Jennifer. I will remain tied."

"Chad, you have to be punished. You really disappointed me. Maybe because 
you had so turned me on. You spoiled it. I am going to let you prove to me 
you are sorry."

"What are you going to do to me Goddess," he asked.

"I am going to use you for my toilet."

"You have already done that." Chad said.

I smiled down at him, you know, the spider fly smile. He knew. I could see 
it in his eyes and the startled look on his face. Maybe this too had been a 
fantasy of his. Well, he would have a real life experience to highten his 
fantasy for the rest of his life. I turned around and placed my ass hole 
about one forth inch from his mouth. He has kept trying to see my ass, well 
now he would get a really good look. 

"Chad, you had best not make a mess of this. It is going to be, wellll 
awful,like really really bad. I do not care. You screwed up our sex, now 
you can eat my shit!" 

I pushed out a fart. I giggled to myself as Chad coughed and spluttered.
That would be sensory reinforcement for the meal to come! I learned in 
science that taste and smell are closely coordinated. 

I reached for a wrap and draped it over me. It would serve as a scent tent.
I wanted Chad to get the full benefit from this. It would be something he 
would never forget. Lifetime memories are priceless.

I pushed and could feel a turd slide out of my ass hole. I raised up a little
to give it room.

"Hurry Chad, chew if you must, but swallow. There is more. If you screw this 
up the way you did our sex, I will be really pissed at you."

I could hear noises. I knew he was having a lot of trouble swallowing that 
stinky stuff.

"Chad, maybe you do not really think of me as a goddess. If you do, prove 
it and swallow. It can not be THAT bad! Tell me when you are ready for more. 
Wellll Chad?"

I heard him gulp it down. Oh what power! Can you believe what he is doing 
for me!

He mumbled and I pushed out another poop log for my little slave boy. The
same routine. He was gagging!

"Chad, stop messing around and swallow. I am not going to allow you to
mess this up. If you do not swallow I am going to sit tightly over your 
mouth and force feed you! Now eat my shit! Chad, there are a lot of guys 
that would adore being where you are now. You are looking at the most 
private parts of a goddess. Be thankful for the view and swallow."

He began to swallow better and I fed him faster. When I was through I 
told him, "Chad, clean my ass really good. Lick it like you love me."

I smiled as the fool lovingly licked my ass hole and pushed his tongue 
in and out of my ass. I wished I could fart again but I could not.

After awhile I got off him. The air was not so bad. He had absorbed all 
of the stink. See how useful a guy can be? I walked away as he called 
to me and begged me to untie him.

I turned and came back to him.

"Chad do you want me to do this to you the next time I need to take a 
big dump?" 

My tone of voice was like I was asking him if he wanted anmother helping 
of mashed potatoes.

"Jennifer, even though you are a goddess. I do not want to be your 
toilet, like that, ever again. I can take your pee, but not that. That 
was the worse experience of my life."

I looked down at him. I gave him my, I am really pissed at you look.

"OK, Chad if that is the way you feel," I reached for a wrist strap,
"I will untie you, you can go home. I never want to speak to you again."

He cried. Can you believe it. He cried! I refrained from giggling. He
begged and begged me to not break up with him. He had rather be dead 
than lose me. I allowed his begging to soften me.

"OK Chad, but from now on you do what I ask. I never want to experience
anything like this again. If my mom heard your tamtrum she would throw 
you out and forbid me to ever talk to you again."

I reached up again and untied him as I told him all the work I wanted 
him to do. I explained that he had a lot of making up to do. I would
wok his ass off. As soon as he finished upstairs he would do our lawn 
and pool. He went upstairs and stareted on my bedroom.
 
While he was cleaning the pool, I would ride on his back, I thought.
I would make sure he was exhausted. I would use him as my toilet as 
needed too. I had to do another degrading thing to him. I smile as I 
thought of the nice movie it would make for my video scrapbook.

I went upstairs. I got a video camera from my mom's room. "Chad come in
here." I called to him.

He came in. I pointed to my parents bathroom. "Chad, I want a video of 
you licking my mom's toilet. Go, do it now." I pointed for emphasis.

He looked at me, than moped in. I videoed him as he knelt. He looked 
at me. What a beautiful picture!

"This is my slave, Chad. I have just finished using him for my 
complete toilet, yep, everything. He swallowed it all. He wants to do 
more toilet duties. He is licking my parents toilet."

I motioned for himn to began licking. He did.

"Raise the seat and lick the porcelain." He gagged when he licked the 
front of the porceline where dad's piss had dropped.

I abused him all weekend. I did not let him mow the fron lawn. I kept 
him in back where he would not be seen. We never made it to the movies, 
heck, I was having to much fun at home. I turned it into a contest to 
see what all I could do to him. I caused him a lot of pain. He would 
balk and we would have our little, "Do it or go," conversation. He 
would do it. When I dropped him off at his house Sunday night, he was 
spent.

The next morning his mom called. I answered and she said Chad was 
really sick. They were taking him to the doctor. She wanted to know 
if I was sick too. I said no, and was very sorry to hear Chad was not 
feeling well. She thought it may have been something he ate. I almost 
giggled.

I did not see Chad for three days. He came to school Thursday. I had
been sweet and got him his assignments. I had daily sessions with 
Mr. Rainey. A girl must releave her tensions you know!

Chad picked up where we left off, being my slave and all. I did not
go poop in his mouth for a month. He was drinking my pee on a daily 
basis though. Then one weekend I got the urge again.

I used him as before. the same results. This time when he came back 
he told me his mom was concerned about what we did on dates. He still
spent weekends at my house though. He said he really insisted and
even threaten to run away. He told them how I was his whole life.

Another couple weeks passed and I introduced him to party powder. I 
knew where it was kept in the house. My parents only used it on ocassion. 
They had very strong will powers and never used it more than once in 
several months. I let Chad use it more often. I got him hooked on it.
We had another weekend session. This time I took him to the latino side 
of town and told him he had better say he was kidnapped before he got to
my house and abused by persons unknown after they doped him up.

I was asked why I did not call and I said we had argued a little and I 
thought he was mad at me and did not come over.

Chad's parents moved away. My parent's had a, parent to daughter, 
discussion. They were not pleased with me. The result of that 
conversation was, I was never to do that again. I never did either.
I used a couple others as slaves but none to that extent. I guess
I had been pretty mean to him. It was all in fun though.




                     A Tribute to ME 
                   
                      Chapter Ten

My Freshman year ended and we went on a cruise for the summer.
I had a lot of fun. I picked up a boy in France and played 
games with him. The games were of him eating me out a lot. I 
never used him as a toilet. I did not have the time to train him
and besides, we were in a foreign country. I speak fluent French
and Spanish.
 
We went to Spain next for awhile and I had my way with a couple 
guys there. Nothing serious though. All three said I broke their 
heart. One of the guys in Spain begged me to take him with me.
I could not, of course. He said he would be my slave for life.
He said how beautiful I was. You know, the goddess stuff. I
giggled and pushed him in the water to cool off! The next day I
set sail for home.

I had a couple weeks before school started. I was going to be a 
Junior so I caught up with my class again. So, I was never a 
Sophmore. 

I met Todd at the pastry shop. I allowed him to become enchanted
with me. I let him serve me in almost normal ways until the summer
before my Senior year. As you know he went to college. He was
becoming difficult. He wanted to stick his thing in me. On a
couple ocassions I left him vomiting with very sore testicles.
We broke up. I was tired of him, tired of the fights, tired of
his unwillingness to serve me on command. Oh, he always did in 
the end, but it was not worth it. It ceased to be fun too. I
guess one would say, I was growing up.

One day I met with Mr. Rainey in his room. It did not take
long for some serious mouth to pussy contact. Mr. Rainey loved
hooking up with me. I loved it too. He was very skilled. He was
never any problems except when he would beg me to run away with
him and allow him to serve me always. He promised he would never 
attempt to screw me, just eat me multiple times everyday. He made
it sound very romantic though. 

I know the main attraction for me was he was a grown man, a teacher, 
yet I had tremendous power over him. With me, it was always the power 
thing. Understand, I liked having a slave too. I wondered if I could
really use Mr. Rainey. Sometimes I was sure of it. Other times I was 
not so sure. I never tried. I was satisified knowing I owned him and
that he would eat me out on command. He was insatiable. He always
wanted his mouth over my pussy. I had great orgasms with him. 
Sometimes I would get carried away and make to much noise. That 
always scared him. He was afraid we would be caught.

I was leaving Mr. Rainey's room one Friday and bumped into Todd.
He asked why I spent so much time after classes in that room with 
the door locked. I told him I was getting help with the assignments 
and to mind his own business. Todd was to noisy. I told him so too.
He acted like there was something between Mr. Rainey and I and that
he knew it. I gave him my best mad, very angry, act. I made him
understand if he even thought about starting a rumor like that about 
an excellent teacher like Mr. Rainey I would never speak to him 
again. I also told him I was a very believable person. I would brand 
him for the jealous liar he was. He believed me. I was glad too. I 
That is what I meant about Todd being to difficult. It was not worth
it. I do not know why I stayed with him so long. I would never put 
up with that shit again from anyone. I suppose you could say I 
learned from him.

I was glad when he went away to college. I was sorry I had never
used him for my toilet. I doubt if he would have been anygood at it 
though. Todd believed he was in love with me. He did not worship me 
the way I must be worshipped. I wasted a whole year on him, ugggh!
What a loser he was/is.

I heard Chad was on drugs, flunked out of school. I also heard I
was blamed a lot. Chad was related to Mrs. English. She certainly 
did not like me.

That is about it for my high school other than with John. For that
read, "Naturally Demanding but Nice",if you have not already done so.

For your convenience chapter one is attached.


          Naturally Demanding but Nice

               Introduction

Jennifer is an only child of wealthy parents. She is blonde and 
beautiful. She has been pampered and spoiled all of her 19 years. 
Is it any wonder she is conceited? Is it a surprise that she 
believes a guy should have a 10-90 relationship with her? She 
receiving the 90 while giving the 10, of course. A new guy moves 
to town. He falls for her instantly. She likes him a lot, but 
remember, the percentage of give and take. To her surprised 
enjoyment she quickly learns he is amicable to the relationship 
she desires. To receive only 10 while giving 90 is very acceptable 
to the guy who is average minus, and the girl, he believes to be
more beautiful than he ever dreamed possible.

This is a femdom story but is not about severe use of 
the male by the female. If you desire to read about
severe treatment, pain, torture, scatology, cbt, etc.  
Do not read this version. Read, "Naturally Demanding"
instead. Please send feedback emails to 
wrighter4u@yahoo.com
Please do not send attachments. 

                Chapter One

Have you ever known a girl who knew she was beautiful?
I am. I was a pretty baby, a cute little girl and grew
through adolescence without ever being unattractive. At
my ugliest time, I was pretty, naw, make that beautiful.
Some have it, some do not. If you have it, flaunt it! I 
buy the best cosmetics. I always dress appropriately, but 
tasteful. I reveal a little of something once in a while.  
Like to the owner of the pastry shop. I drive him mad 
with lust while really doing nothing. I may reveal a 
little extra of my 34b's, and on ocassion I will flash
my panties. Guys need to see something of a young lady. 
Not enough to think she is cheap or easy, but enough to 
make them interested, aroused, you know, makes them easy 
to own. Ownership is what this story is about. Ownership 
that may well be beyond your wildest dreams!

I love it when I am controlling a guy, truly love it. I 
like the power so much that just thinking about it causes me
to cream my panties. I have sooo much control over men. They 
are easy. They simply have no chance. I think that is so 
cool, don't you? You may ask, "How can she do that"?  One
word, "Beauty". I may very well be the worlds most beautiful
creature. Am I conceited?. You bet your ass I am. I was 
born conceited. I was born to be worshipped. I was born to 
be served. Hey I am just naturally demanding.

I matured early. I am blessed with my pert little titties,
a 22 inch waist, and a gorgeous 36 inch ass. I like walking 
by a group of men, pulling out my mirror,and watch them 
watch me. I pretend to be looking at my hair. I always 
know what they are looking at! So I wiggle it a little 
for them. A man's brains is in his balls. They relocate 
there while they are an adolescent and stay. That is why 
it hurts them so much to get kicked there!
  
Did I tell you I have long blonde hair with natural light red 
streaks, yep, a strawberry blonde, all natural. I use no color
or highlights on my hair. I have a lot of it too. Don't you 
just hate blondes that are half bald, ugg. I am beautiful.
That, and just a little brains, is all that is required to own
a man's body and soul. Hey, I really like owning them, using 
them. 

The noblest thing a guy can do is to serve me. The more 
specialized the service he performs for me, the more special 
he is to me! What all would you do for me?  Ha, I bet I 
could use everyone of you for the most degrading things. And
the more I used you, the more you would love me!

Did I tell you that I only trim my bush a little. Now, I have
no hair on my pussy, gross! I have a good healthy blonde bush 
and I am proud of it. I think it is sexy to have a few blonde 
pubes creaping out from under a bikini. Not any other color 
though! Dark pubes look cheap, red pubes make a girl look like 
she has a rash! But blonde pubes, make guys drool. Hey, that is
where the saying comes from, "Blonde girls rule, boys drool,
drool, drool"!
  
I just started my senior year of high school. I had my 18th 
birthday July 31th, yeah a Leo!. I am not the oldest in my 
class but probably in the older 10 percent. That is good. 
Younger kids tend to be "followers". There are more than 500 
seniors in my class. 263 are girls. I have a few girlfriends.  
There are a lot of students who like me. All of the guys like 
me. Most girls think I am stuck up, to good for them, you know 
the types. Wellll, I am. When I walk by them, I push my chest 
out a little more, and tilt my head ever so slightly up and 
to the side away from them. I am nice though. If they say 
something to me, I always answer, even though what they say 
is usually kinda silly. Know what? They still like me enough
to vote for me for all of the important stuff.

There are a lot of jocks in my school. I do not date jocks.
They all think they are gods gift to women.  Well they are
not. I do not waste my time with them. Just meaning I do not 
date them. I am pleasant. They vote for me for everything.
They would just be to difficult to use. I could do it. I can
do anything. It would require to much training. To many fights.
Like I am going to go through all that.

Now about nerds. Give me a nerd anytime. They do what I want,
the way I want, for as long as I want. I am not interested 
in marriage, not now anyway. I have a lot of school and a lot
of guys to go through.

There is this one guy, John. I think he is a smart in almost
everything, except girls. He seems to know nothing about the 
fairer sex. I have been watching him watch me since I returned 
from our summer cruise just before school started. I think he 
even started following me after school started. Well maybe not 
follow, he just times things so that our paths cross often.  
Like he goes the long way around just for the chance of meeting 
me. He says, "Hi Jennifer," when we meet. He looks at me until 
we are close, then he looks down. Doesn't bend his head, but 
his eyes don't meet mine either. Typical inferiority complex.

I have almost all of my classes with him. He sits as close
to me as he dares. I hope he is smart, well I know he is.
He spends a lot of school time looking at me. I caught him 
looking at me in class several times on the first day. I 
started smiling at him just so he would know that I know!
He would quickly look away and blush!
  
That is how you trap a guy you know. He keeps fantasising 
about you, then, POW the trap closes. Boys are so stupid, 
almost as stupid as men!

I just know we are going to meet as I walk to school today.
This is Friday and we have met right before I get to school
Tuesday through Thursday. He is walking away from school!
Yeah, see what I mean! He is so obvious. I have my watch
in my purse. I am going to ask him the time. He will have
to say more then, "Hi". I discarded my boy friend almost a 
month ago. He was alright, I just got tired of him. I have 
already told you that boys and men are created to be used 
by pretty females, of all ages! He graduated high school 
and is in college. Sooo, I dumpted him. I needed a guy to be 
my slave here. I needed my stuff carried, homework done, car 
washed, and other stuff too. He was used up. More about 
that later, if I have the time.

Sometimes a guy expects more than I am going to give. I am 
a virgin, though few think so. I will be when I get married
too. I believe in that. Also I like to be worshipped. A guy
does not worship the girl he is sticking his thing in.
He is using her. I am the user, the guy is the usee!
I have used guys a lot, some a whole lot! I have been
using males for about as long as I can remember.  That
is what they are for. If a guy has no girl to use him,
he simply is a waste. Just taking up space!

Here John comes, right on time.

"Hi Jennifer," he says shyly.

"Hi John, hey what time is it?" I asked before we passed.

He fumbled around looking at his wrist watch. If it had 
been loose he would have dropped it. After much fumbling 
and stuttering he told me the time.

"John, did you come this way just to meet me?"

"Nnno."

"John, there is nothing I dispise more then being lied to.
Lies are not cool! Now did you walk this direction just 
to meet me?"

"Yyyes, I did."

I smiled at him. He turned so red! He was going to be
fun. Makes me wish I had started sooner!

"You must think I am pretty, do you?" I teased.

"Yyyyes. you are pretty."

"John, I need some help in chemistry. Would you like to
come to my house about 1:00 Saturday?"
 
This made him light up! See how stupid they are!

"Yes, I would, I will be there at 1:00."

"You do know where I live, don't you?"
  
I knew he did. I have seen him go by my house several 
times! He lives a block from the school in one direction, I 
live two blocks from the school in the opposite direction.

"Would you like to walk me to class?"

"Oh yes, I would be honored, may I please?"

He was beside himself with joy, and should be!

"Yes, you may, but you have got to carry my stuff."

I said, as I handed him three subject books, my 
notebook, and other school supplies in my backpack
as well as my gym bag. It was going to be nice to
have a guy carry all of my stuff, do my homework, even
help me with tests, not that I need much help with them.
I will start saving a seat for him behind me especially 
in English. I will own him by our next test. I will let
him slip me answers. He will be in heaven. Can you 
imagine me allowing him to talk to ME! I am only light
years out of his class. Oh, he will do a lot for me 
before I am through with him.

"You can put some of this stuff in my locker."
  
I did not tell him which locker was mine, but he knew!
I am not surprised. He is going to make a good slave.
He is sooo lucky. By the way he looks at me, I am
sure he knows it. There is this, "worshipful", look on
his face when he looks at me.

I gave him a lot of really beautiful smiles. So he
got paid for carrying my stuff. I am sure he felt
very fortunate to be in the same area as me. He was
breathing almost the same air as ME!

I told you how close we lived together. I did not
tell you that the school is the dividing line of
property values. My house is worth at least ten
times what his is worth. Now are you seeing why 
the guy is speechless. Like, I am WAY out of his 
league, he is an ordinary guy, I am class. 
Something else I have not told you. I was Prom Queen 
last year. The first time in the history of the 
school that a junior won that! I won Yearbook Queen 
as a freshman, yep, another first. Both are 
always won by seniors. Are you understanding how
lucky this nobody is? There is no way he can do
enough for me. I am Naturally demanding, so he will try.
  
I love for guys to do stuff for me. I have not tied my 
shoes in school since 1st grade! A Goddess must have a 
slave. I hardly see how any female can claim Goddess 
status if she has no slave. Hey, I still may not bother 
to get a guy like John to serve me if all I wanted to use 
him for was a slave. It isn't. He will be my toy and I 
will do things to him that is humiliating. He will do 
anything to please me. I will do everything to him. He 
will want me to. How do I know this, experience, much
experience. Could I tell you a lot of really cool
stories about my childhood? Maybe I will some day.

I allowed John to walk with me in the halls all day Friday.  
He was in heaven. By the end of the day he was stooping 
at least six inches to get through the doors!  He never 
touched the floor! Had to duck to leave the school! You
know what I mean. I went the whole day and never put him 
down one time. I love building guys up and then, wham, I 
walk all over them.
  
I have a few unattractive traits, but you will find out 
about those soon enough. I am just telling you the sweet
things about me.
 
We got a lot of curious looks. I have seen them before.
I get them everytime I change boy friends. I ignored them.
John was in heaven. Sometimes I could hardly keep from
laughing. I giggled a lot. I don't think he was like
totally sure I was not laughing at him. Boy was he
going to fall hard. He could be the best of all.  I
expect many a great sacrifice from him!
 
"Hey slave, would you like to carry my stuff home after
dance practice?" I asked him with a light giggle.  He
took the,"slave", part as a joke. Silly boy!

"Sure," he answered. "How long is dance practice?"

"It will just be 45 minutes today. Since you are with me, 
you can sit in the bleachers."

That really made his day. He was being invited to 
watch the dance/pom pom girls workout. The ony way 
anyone watches practice is to be invited by one of 
the varsity team members. I am Captain. The dance
routine we are working on was choreographed by
me. I have received several offers of interest
from universities. There are guys who would commit
murder for a real date with me.  Beginning to see
why this nobody is so lucky? Watch what I do to him.
Welll, really FOR him.

John watched us practice, believe me he was not bored!
Never in this guys wettest dream did he ever think he
would be sitting where he is now. Like there were six
students watching, he was one! There are sixteen
ladies in varsity dance, another sixteen in jv dance.
This was our joint session practice. We have joint
session practice every Friday.

When practice was over I changed, showered, and met
John in the gym. He was faithfully waiting for me.
I was the last girl to leave. I was last by design, 
I am sure you know that! He had now been waiting 
well over an hour.  Hey, he asked how long practice
would be, not how long I would be!
  
The instructor was still in her office. She was always 
one of  the last to leave, besides the janitors.

I walked up to John and said.

"I forgot something, it will take five minutes or so. 
I will be right back."
  
I set my unzipped gym bag on the floor at his feet. On 
top, in plain site were my folded panties. They were 
poised on top of the shorts I had worn in practice. I 
walked away and did not look back. I knew I had creamed 
them. I did that more then once thinking about my new 
slave. I loved being worshipped!

After four minutes, I opened the door quickly that leads 
to the locker and showers. His back was to me and to the 
instructors office. My gym bag was in front of him at his 
feet. I was certain that he hurriedly put something, my 
panties, back in the gym bag. He was pretty slick at it 
though. I am surprised he knew when I came back in the gym.

I nonchalantly strolled up to him.

"I always leave my bag open so my gym clothes will get air.  
You do not mind carrying them for me, you know, open like 
that, do you?"

My panties were on top and clearly visable.
  
Before he could answer I said, "Pick up my backpack too 
and lets go."

He picked them up. His books were in his backpack on his 
back. My gym bag was in one hand and my backpack in his 
other hand. That is why guys have two hands!

We walked out of the gym. There had already been whispers 
and gossip about us.  You know the usual stuff like, "Jen 
has a new slave".  "There goes Jen and her boy toy". "She 
is just using him". Well they are right, but really, boys 
are made for pretty girls to use! They were just adolescent 
remarks. They had no idea! I mean they are really naive.  
None of them, on their highest day of imagination, could 
dream of what I can do, and do, do, to boys! And I have 
been doing unmentionable things to guys, yeah, men too for 
several years. I know how to, "Care for the opposite sex"!

We met my cousin and some of her friends. I stopped to talk 
to them. I already told you I am friendly. After about ten 
minutes John started to put my bags on the sidewalk. I was 
watching for such an inconsiderate act.

"John, I do not want my stuff on the ground." I told
him with the proper amount of animation and wide opened
eyes.  A couple of the girls snickered. That was more to
show my ownership of him than care for my bags.
  
"Sorry Jenn," he replied. I talked another five minutes or 
so and we walked on.

"John, if you are going to pal around with me, you must
get stronger. When you come over Saturday, I will help
you with the strength thing. You will have to come over
and work out three to four times a week. Also I prefer to be 
called Jennifer. I like all of my name. It is what the 
worlds most wonderful parents named their princess! I know 
some of the others call me Jen". The ones who do that don't 
know me at all."

Carrying my bags made him so happy. He carried my stuff 
with renued energy. I bet he would have tried to carry me
too if I had asked. Oh, he will get to! Boy Will he get to!

I could hardly sleep after I came back from the movies.
John wanted to come with us but I told him he did not want
to go to the movies with me and four chicks.  We would be
doing chick things, and talking about chick stuff. Guys
did not fit in conversations like that. It would be
boring to him. He almost insisted that he would not be
bored, but he got the message by my looks. I think I
could go through life and get what I wanted, without ever
saying a word. Just giving people my various,"looks".

I practiced in front of a mirror.  I practiced my various
smiles, my cute little twist, and my many looks. That
is the only real science a Goddess needs. Ask Mr. Rainey
one of my teachers. I could make good grades in his class 
and know nothing. I have showed him my panties everyday 
this week. He has to walk behind the desk when I do that!
I have still seen his thing get hard. Maybe I will use
him someday. Like really use him!

Do you wonder how I became the naturally demanding little 
thing I am? I was born for it and raised in it. My mom
is naturally demanding. My dad understands and treats my
mom like the goddess she is. To look at him you would 
think he is totally into himself because he is so good
looking. Not so, he lives for my mom, who is a real 
Goddess. Even as a little girl boys would come to my
house to play. I insisted we play Princess/slave games.
If they did not want to, or tired of my favorite game,
they were not invited back and I did not play with them
anymore.

I remember some of them, my mom has told me of others.
I remember the boy who live down the street. My mom told 
me he was cute and really liked me. I started watching him 
watch me. She was right, she always is. He was the first
one I used intimately. Mom had talked to me a lot. I knew
what he was supposed to do. He balked at a couple things
but I got him to do them. I used him for my special slave 
until his parents moved to another state. I still miss him.
I do not know if I will ever find another boy so dedicated
to me. He did everything for me. Mom says he was a natural
slave. She hated to see them move too. He moved two thousand
miles away. He now lives in the midwest. We telephoned and
wrote to each other for a while.  Mom said Scott's mom said
he was really broken hearted. If she had known it would have 
been that hard on him, she would never have let her husband 
accept that promotion. She naturally assumed it was puppy 
love. She never knew it was far more serious, it was goddess
worship. Yeah, he was my first real slave.

I am in bed thinking about Saturday, I will call John when 
I get up. My parents are out of town until Sunday evening
My mom wants me to clean my room and some other stuff.  
John triggered my thoughts of Scott. I will surprise mom 
with all of the work. She will like that.

Yeah, I will call John. I went to sleep wet. I used my 
vibrator, (Not the penetrating kind), fingered myself but,
mostly I thought about tomorrow. Hey, girls have wet dreams 
too! I get off thinking about using guys! I really get off
when I use them!  My parents will be so proud of me. I know 
I will have him cleaning our whole house, mowing our lawn, 
and other stuff. It will be easy getting John to do stuff.  
He worships me already and I am not even started! Everyday 
I have been reassured of that, all week long. John wants 
that which he is about to receive! I love being beautiful!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





