BDSM Library - Learning the Ropes




Learning the Ropes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new deputy learns just how to strip search a female suspect.Learning the Ropes  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
People call me, Deputy Duffy. I work for the Vermont State Police. I only
  got this job because my father is the sheriff. (I don't like "cops" that much,
  either.) I've been working for many years and have had my share of adventures,
  but I guess I should start at the beginning.  
After I graduated from high school (I went to an all boys boarding school),
  my father sent me, kicking and screaming, to the police academy to follow in
  his footsteps. (I wanted to be a rock star.) At the young age of 19, I graduated
  from the police academy, finishing near the top of the class. The day I was
  sworn in as a deputy was the only day I ever recall that my father said he
  was proud of me.  
My father started me off slowly at first. I would do paperwork, answer
    phones, and work road details, basically learning the ropes. Living, and
    now working for my father was never easy. He had a bad reputation and was
    a difficult man to get along with. I also knew about his nickname, "Strip
    Search Duffy" for his affection for conducting them frequently, mostly to
    females. I figure this is why my mother left us when I was young and I never
    saw her again.
 
  I was raised and still live in a small Southern Vermont town. There is one
  supermarket, one bar, one gas station and so on. A town where everyone seemingly
  knows each other. Having "Duffy" for a last name meant making friends, especially
  girlfriends, was nearly impossible, and going to an all boys school really
  didn't help that much either. There was a college on the edge of our town that
  we were in charge of policing, so I was hoping to improve on that.   
I was working late one night, about six months into my training, when my
  father radioed in informing me that he was bringing in a couple of "drug suspects."  
I knew he was working the college detail, so I figured the suspects
    were probably female ones, and when he showed up a little later with two
    college cuties in tow, I just shook my head. He led them into the "processing
    room" and slammed the door shut. I began to feel flush, as I began to imagine
    my father conducting one of his famous strip searches. 
 
  After about a half an hour my father came out of the room and went across the
  hall to use the men's room. He also left the processing room's door half-open.
  Curiosity got the best of me, so I crept up to take a little peek. I gasped
  at the site before me. The two young women were standing back to back, their
  wrists handcuffed together, but the surprising thing was that they were also
  still buck-naked. I closed my jaw, and focused. There was this blonde, lean
  and tall, with nice perky breasts. The other girl was a brunette. She was a
  little on the heavy side, but her breasts were huge. Both of them had their
  heads down. I could only assume they were totally humiliated. I was moving
  to get an even closer look when I heard my father's voice behind me.
 
"Care to join me?"
 
  Like a kid caught with his hands in the cookie jar, I quickly returned to my
  desk, my father laughing behind me. For the next couple of days my father laughed
  and teased me every time he saw me, while also sharing the story with my fellow
  deputies. He was obviously enjoying my shyness. About a week later he called
  me into his office for a "man to man" talk. He said a lot shit that day, but
  the thing that stuck in my head was when he said. "If I was his son, then he
  couldn't have me running away every time I saw a naked goddamn woman."
 
  I thought he might get me a subscription to "Playboy" or maybe even take me
  to my first "strip joint" but he had other plans.   
The very next day he called me into the processing room. I gasped,
    as I entered the room, surprised to see Ann Davis sitting on the large stainless
    steal table that was in the center of it. (Ann and her drunk of a husband,
    owned and operated the Crazy Horse, which is the only bar around.)
 
&quot;You know Mrs. Davis?&quot; My father asked, as I moved closer.
 
&quot;Yeah,&quot; I managed, as I shook her hand. She looked real nervous.
 
&quot;Ann is here to help us out with our little problem. Today I will be showing
you how to process a female suspect. From now on we will treat Ann as a suspected
drug dealer,&quot; my father said in a growl.   
Now, I was real nervous.
 
  He grabbed Ann by the wrists and put them on her head. Then he produced his
  handcuffs.
 
&quot;Easy,&quot; Ann groaned.
 
&quot;The first thing you should do is frisk the suspect,&quot; my father continued,
as he brought her hands down and cuffed them behind her back. 
 
  With every thing happening quickly, my mind raced. Why would Ann agree to do
  this? She had to know my father had the "hots" for her? Hell, half the town
  did. Ann was a certified fox. She was flawlessly pretty, and she sported long
  blonde hair and a killer body to boot. Yet, here she was, submitting to my
  fathers pat down. "Looking for contraband" as he put it.   
I looked her over. Ann was dressed in a tight form fitting blue skirt
    and a matching sweater that hugged her large breasts. Looking lower, she
    wore sparkling blue, high heels that made her about six feet tall. As my
    father was running his hands over her body, he began asking her rapid-fire
    questions (he told me to write her answers down on the clipboard that was
    hanging on the wall), all of which she seemed none to happy to have to answer.
 
  Name: Ann Davis   
Age: 35  
Height: 5'8&quot;  
Weight: 122  
Measurements: 36d-24-35  
    
(I had no idea what the measurements even signified when I wrote them down,
  but that sheet of paper still hangs in my locker to this day.)  
 
&quot;Your turn,&quot; My father barked, having finished giving Ann's body a
good going over. 
 
  I turned to look at Ann's green eyes now welled up with tears. She was obviously
  embarrassed, but with the handcuffs, she was helpless. I guess, in my blue
  uniform and with my baby 19 year-old face, I had to look more like a "Boy Scout" does
  than a "Deputy" does. I moved slowly, my face flushed, not really believing
  this was happening. I followed my father's instructions that he was barking.
  I started running my hands over her blue skirt, and then up her back, and then
  down her front, just lightly brushing her breasts, and then finally down the
  front or her skirt. I stood back and exhaled, not even sure I breathed a single
  breath, throughout. I thought I did a good job but my father just looked at
  me and laughed.   
&quot;Son, you weren't paying attention,&quot; he huffed. (Something
    I've heard a couple million times before.)
 
&quot;When searching a busty suspect like her, you have to take your time and
do a thorough search, she can hide a lot of contraband in there.&quot; He said
this while fondling Ann's breasts over her sweater. He stopped and shoved her
into me and I went next trying to do a better job this time. I was trying to
act professional but I had to admit I loved having Ann's soft sweater covered
breasts in my hands. I noticed Ann squirming under my touch, as I started slowly
squeezing them, but she remained surprisingly silent, but I'm sure if she wasn't
cuffed she would have slapped my face.
 
&quot;Son, when a suspect is wearing heavy clothing you might have to make some
adjustments. Now unbutton that sweater,&quot; my father said, tapping me on the
shoulder. Ann gasped.   
By the tone in his voice, I knew he was serious, so I started to fumble with
  Anne's buttons. She had a worried look on her face but did not protest. There
  were only a couple of buttons, buttoned, so soon the sweater fell open, exposing
  her small blue bra that barely kept her breasts from spilling out. My face
  felt as if it was sun-burnt.  
I searched her again, per my father's request. I began running my hand over
  the bra and under the straps. He ordered me to "lift each breast out of their
  cup and inspect each one." I looked at him in astonishment.  
"Do it!" He barked.  
I had to admit the feeling was almost overwhelming. She had soft full
    breasts with large shiny areolae and nice brown nipples. Ann squirmed even
    more under my touch, now, as I massaged her naked breasts. She even whimpered
    some protest. My father whispered something into her ear and she seemed to
    calm down a bit. I was a little disappointed when my father told me to stop,
    several moments later, however, that quickly faded when he announced that
    her lower-half search would be next. 
 
  He helped me pull up her tight skirt, which revealed her small blue silk panties.
  I roamed my hands over them, patting them down, "looking for contraband." My
  father's hands were also roaming on the front of her panties.
 
&quot;C'mon guys,&quot; Ann finally protested. Ignoring her I gave her ass several
squeezes. I was surprised at, for a larger size ass, how firm it was. 
 
  Finished with our manual pat down, my father took off the handcuffs and stood
  back. Ann reacted to this by quickly pulling her skirt down and then started
  stuffing her breasts back into her bra.
 
&quot;Ann, what are you doing, you know you're going the wrong way?&quot; My
father said, folding his arms. 
    
&quot;What?&quot; Ann cried out, while I did some silent cheering.
 
&quot;Strip!&quot; My father barked. &quot;And I mean now.&quot;
 
&quot;Look, I don't wanna....&quot;
 
&quot;I know, but you have no choice, once you start you can't change your mind,&quot; he
interrupted. "Now get them clothes off."   
Ann closed her eyes and seemed to be praying.  
"Ann, why aren't you naked yet?" (My father was never much into prayer.)
 
&quot;I can't believe I'm doing this!&quot; Ann cried out, as she began to slowly
shed her clothing. (She wasn't the only one. I stood back, feeling like a deer
in caught in headlights, watching her unintentional sexy strip show. She was
only the second live naked woman for me. The other one was a drunk 18 year-old
girl, who had a sticklike figure, who took my virginity in a darkened room a
couple of months prior. But she was no Ann Davis!)
 
  Ann passed her clothing to my father for "inspection" and then to be dropped
  on the floor, pausing only when it was time to shed her panties. Now totally
  naked, she complained of being cold, so my father let her put her heels back
  on. What a guy!   
Ann tried to cover her voluptuous body with her hands. My father was
    having none of that and quickly barked. &quot;Hey, put your hands in back
    of your head, elbows out, and spread your legs, two feet apart."
 
&quot;Bastard,&quot; Ann shot back, but quickly complied when my father took
a step in her direction. We took our time soaking in the beautiful specimen on
display before us, my father instructing her to turn around several times...slowly.
 
&quot;Natural blonde,&quot; my father whispered to me, breaking me from my "wow,
she's so naked" trance.
 
&quot;Let's have a better look,&quot; my father suddenly announced. He ordered
Ann to turn around and grab her ankles. Ann slowly, almost teasingly complied.
After a visual inspection, my father announced it was time for an even closer
look. He stood by her side and reached around and grabbed her ass with both hands.
He slowly pulled them apart, which gave us a spectacular view of her anus and
pussy lips that were free of pubic hair.   
"Ann, reach back and spread your pussy open or I will!"
 
  I knew this only really gave her one option. I focused on her pussy when I
  saw her fingers come into my view. They fumbled around before they pulled apart,
  and I saw her pinkish insides. (Pink instantly became my favorite color. Long
  before that Aerosmith song.) If my father wasn't with me I think this would
  have been to much for me to handle, but my father was cool and in complete
  control. It struck me that he hadn't even broke a sweat, while I was covered
  in it.   
My father let go of her ass cheeks, much to my chagrin, and pulled her over
  to the steel table.  
"Up you go, on all fours," he hissed.  
I watched in stunned silence, as she complied with not even a word of protest,
  wondering what was next.  
"Chest down...legs spread."  
"Man, this was almost too good to be true,&quot; I thought, when she was
  into position, which quickly became my favorite. I laughed inside. "This is
  way better than a playboy subscription."  
Watching my father in action, so cool and calm, I had a new respect for him,
  and for the first time I was proud to be his son.  
He announced it was time for a "cavity" search. He said we should start with
  her perfect pussy. I had to agree. He even let me go first. He started explaining
  the make-up of one using medical terms, most of which went over my head at
  that moment. I was simply lost in lust, probing my finger around her glorious
  pussy.  
My father let me take my time, as it was my first time, he announced, which
  silenced Ann's protests. After a minute or two, my father pushed on her back
  and tucked her knees up, announcing it was time for the "rectal search."  
"Please, not that," Ann whined.  
He answered by snapping on a rubber glove. He gave me one and I put
    it on my right hand. He went first this time, showing me how to lube up the
    glove and proceeded to lube up Ann's asshole. I was in total awe that we
    (a couple of small town hicks) got to do this. He went slowly and I couldn't
    really make out every thing that was being said as he slowly worked his finger
    in and out of her asshole. I was just nervously waiting for my turn. My father
    watched over my shoulder as I went next. Ann squirmed on the table as my
    finger entered her asshole. I was definitely enjoying my "power" now. Ann
    looked back at me several times over her shoulder almost pleading me to stop
    with her tear filled green eyes.
 
&quot;No such luck,&quot; I thought. Instead, I inserted two fingers into her
hot pussy that was gapping wide open, as if, inviting me in. I started thrusting
my hands back and forth as Ann was thrashing around on the table, letting out
groans, I figured, of pleasure. After a minute or two, my father patted me on
the back, telling me that he thought she had had enough. I disappointingly withdrew
my fingers and cleaned up her body juices from my hands with a wet nap. My father
cleaned her body cavities. He slapped her ass as a signal that he was finished.
Ann rolled over sat up on the edge of the table. She was still whimpering.
 
&quot;Ann,&quot; My father said.
 
&quot;W-w-what now?&quot; Ann mumbled.
 
&quot;I need you to take care of one more thing,&quot; he said, pointing to the
front of my pants. 
 
  I quickly covered my crotch, more than a little embarrassed that I had such
  a noticeable erection, and that he knew.
 
&quot;Don't be embarrassed son, it happens. Oh, well, I'd love to stay, but I
have Penny waiting for me in the other room,&quot; My father said, as he patted
me on the back. (Penny is a barmaid, who works for Ann at the Crazy Horse.) He
left quickly slamming the door behind him and for the first time I was alone
with Ann.
 
  She quickly hopped off the table. &quot;Look, you fucking asshole,&quot; Ann
  cursed. &quot;I only fuck my husband so don't get any funny ideas.&quot; 
 
&quot;I'm sorry Ann, really, I think I just got a little carried away."
 
  Ann looked at me with her arms on her hips with a "no shit" look on her face.
 
&quot;It's just...well you are just so beautiful...and your body...it's just
so overwhelming,&quot; I managed.
 
&quot;Well, at least you know how to apologize,&quot; but I could tell that she
was still a little mad. "Like I said, I only fuck my husband, so please."
 
  I thought she was going to brush by and put her clothes on, but instead she
  covered her body with her hands and looked to the floor. My mind was spinning.
  Whatever my father had on her had to be good to get her to go through this.
  And why was Penny here, too? She hated my father as much as Ann. And why was
  she just cowering as if waiting my instruction?   
They say every dog has its day. I figured....  
I moved closer to Ann and pressed on her shoulder. She must have known
    it was coming because she dropped to her knees and then quickly peeled down
    my uniform pants and boxers, freeing my throbbing hardon.
 
  She reached up and wrapped her small fingers around it and started jerking.
  It felt good, but it suddenly hit me that I could have more.   
"Put it in your mouth," I managed. She shook her head and pulled away. The
  fact that she didn't, turned me on more.  
"I said, suck my dick." This time I said it as forcefully as I could. She
  looked to the floor. I picked her chin up and ran my cock against her peach
  colored lips.  
&quot;Ok, let's just get this over with,&quot; she snarled. &quot;And
    don't think I'm going to swallow, and don't touch my fucking hair.&quot;
 
  I would have responded but her lips and tongue started working their magic.
  I was too stunned to do anything other than grip the edge of the table and
  enjoy my first blowjob. She was quickly applying increased pressure with her
  hand, probably trying to get it over with as fast as possible. It all felt
  so damn good I knew as hard as I tried not to that I was going to erupt soon.
  I pulled away to catch my breath. I also thought she was using too much hand,
  but I had a solution to that. I kicked off my uniform pants and grabbed my
  handcuffs.   
"C'mon," Ann protested, but I slapped them on her. (A first since the academy.)
  Knelling behind her I reached around caressed her breasts. Now, there was no
  pretence of any search, I was simply feeling her up.  
"Please," Ann whispered after several minutes of my groping.  
"Please, what?" I asked, pinching her nipple.  
"I only fuck my husband."  
"I know, you told me that," I said moving in front of her.  
She opened her mouth, but I stepped back. "Ask me."  
"What?"  
"Ask me."  
"Oh god.... Please, can I suck your cock." She said it rather wisely but
  I still enjoyed it and let her. As she sucked I explained our new relationship,
  in between my moans of pleasure.  
"Now, Ann, you know I could fuck you if I wanted too. But I'll respect your
  whishes, but I want you and your barmaids to be more 'friendlier' to me when
  I come in. Is that clear?"  
She looked up at me with my cock still in her mouth and whimpered, and then
  she nodded. (I loved my newfound power. Although, I suddenly realized that
  I had become everything I hated about cops in such a short time.) "Oh well,
  like father like son," I thought, as I grabbed Ann's head and started to fuck
  her face, remembering her earlier orders, when she thought she was in control.  
I made sure I messed up her hair pretty good and then it was time to mess
  up that pretty face of hers, too. I pulled out and shot spurts of cum onto
  her face, as she tried to pull away, but a handful of hair kept her in place.
  I smeared my cum around before I pressed my cock back into her mouth. She scrunched
  her face but milked me dry. It was heaven.  
I finally let her pull away. "Bastard" she snarled.  
"Maybe," I said with a laugh and then I took off her cuffs. "But a real bastard
  would have fucked your ass." I slapped her ass. "Now go clean up, the bathroom
  is across the hall."  
"Like this?" she said, still naked, and looking up at me with a face smeared
  with cum.  
"Yeah, I have a feeling you aren't the first woman to leave this room in
  this condition. Although, you were my first."  
Ann stood up. &quot;Well, at least you will always remember me. I
    mean, they say you never forget your first blowjob."
 
  I could only nod in agreement. In fact, I knew I would never forget this day,
  period.
 
"But, that's the last one you'll get from me," Ann said, as she gathered her
clothes and then she quickly headed across the hall.   
"We'll see about that," I said with a chuckle.  
xxx
 
  Just to tie up some of the questions that still lingered, I did some investigating.
  It seems my father found Ann and Penny serving drinks after-hours one night
  at the Crazy Horse. (Ann's husband had long since passed out drunk.) My father
  rounded up the remaining customers, twelve in all, and collected ID's. He found
  two girls who were only 19 and 20-years-old, an obvious violation. He threatened
  Ann with a trip down to the station, and a call to the department of liquor
  control, but instead worked out a quick deal with Ann and Penny. He said he
  would let them off the hook, but they "owed" him.   
I also found out that he let most of the customers go that night,
    except for the 19 and 20-year-old lawbreakers. He also made a deal with them,
    but freedom has a price. He had each one strip for him, as he sucked down
    some beer, and then they put on a girl-girl show, before they each did their
    own sucking. 
 
  Funny, that no one likes my father.... But I think I'm going to like working
  for him after all.   
The End
 
   STAY TUNED FOR MORE ADVENTURES.   
 
   Please post your feedback, or send your comments to Deputy
  Duffy   
  Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





