BDSM Library - Lisa's First Taste




Lisa's First Taste
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa refuses to taste herself and is suitably punished.
Lisa was standing at the sink, doing the dishes.  She was naked except for her
heels and corset.  I came up behind her and began caressing her nipples with my
left hand, while stroking my right through her cunt, rubbing against her clit on
each stroke.  As usual she became wet almost instantly, and her juices were
quickly coating my fingers.  Yesterday she had refused to lick her own fingers
after playing with herself as I had instructed.  Her ass still bore the welts
from the riding crop that I had used to discipline her.  After I had whipped her
she had begged to be allowed to clean her fingers, but I had refused to let her. 
My stroking her cunt now was very gentle and sweet in comparison to her
treatment yesterday, and she was moaning and bucking her hips in time to my
movements.  I waited until she was very close to cuming, and then moved my left
hand from her nipple to her head, entwining my fingers in her hair.  I gave her
clit a twist, causing Lisa to cry out in pain.  At the same time I pulled back
on the fingers entwined in her hair, dragging her head back so that she was
looking at the ceiling.  Lisa was becoming more accustomed to the pain that I
was inflicting, and she spread her legs slightly and grasped the edge of the
sink in order to absorb the hurt without bringing her hands up to protect
herself, which she knew would only result in further discipline.  I leaned in,
so that my face was in front of her, and she was staring into my eyes.  I took
my finger, still wet with her juices, and rubbed it across her top lip, and
around and in the end of her nose, dropping my finger back to her slit to scoop
up more of her secretions, which despite her torment were still flowing from her
cunt. 

Lisa was one of those women whose body showed the world when it was excited. 
Her large nipples got extremely erect, and her cunt would moisten at the
slightest hint of arousal.  Her scent, when excited, was very 'womanly' and the
amount of juices I spread on her face would ensure that she would smell nothing
else for some time.

"You are not to wash your face until I tell you otherwise.  Do you understand me
slut?"

"Yes Master, your slut understands."

I untangled my hands from Lisa's hair and turned and walked away.  Lisa resumed
washing the dishes and cleaning up the kitchen.  When she was finished she
returned to the living room where I was sitting reading, and knelt on the floor
beside me.  I reached out and gently stroked her hair, and Lisa sighed,
revelling in the attention.  "Play with yourself slut."

"Yes Master," and Lisa began rubbing her nipples, then dropping one hand down
into her cunt.  She had her own dried juices smeared on her face, and wouldn't
be smelling much else.

I waited until Lisa had gotten herself very aroused, close to cuming before I
ordered her to stop.  "I want you to repeat what I did earlier, rubbing your
face with your wet fingers.  When you breathe in, I don't want you to be able to
smell anything but wet cunt."

"Yes Master, your slut will do as she's told," and Lisa did a thorough job of
covering her nose and jaw with her own secretions.

We went through this exercise several more times that evening.  I chained her to
the bed when we went to sleep, so that she could not clean herself.  All through
the next day I made her repeat this procedure every hour.  By late that
afternoon Lisa had been able to smell very little except her own scent for the
past 24 hours.  She had smeared so much cunt juice on her face that it was
literally caked on.  I led her out into the back yard, and chained her to the
stakes already in place.  I placed her on her knees, with her wrists chained to
her ankles so that she couldn't stand up.  Next I replaced her standard slave
collar with a thick leather punishment collar and chained the back and both
sides to the poles that surrounded the stakes in the ground.  Finally I braided
a ring into her hair, attaching a chain from it to the same post the back of her
collar was fastened to.  Lisa was unable to move her body other than to squirm a
little, and her head was absolutely locked into position.  I stripped off my
shorts and stood in front of Lisa, looking down at her. 

"You need to understand your position as a slave in this household.  You have no
rights other than what I choose to give you, and that includes the right to
decide what you will or won't do, and the right to refuse orders.  You
relinquished total control of everything that you have and everything that you
are to me when you accepted your place as my slave.  Do you understand what I am
telling you slut?"

"Yes Master, you slut understands what you are telling her.  She knows that she
turned complete control of her life over to her Master when he accepted her as
his slave.  She is wrong to refuse any instructions from her Master, and she was
clearly wrong in this case.  Master, your slave humbly apologizes to you for not
obeying your order to clean her fingers of her own juices.  She has been
whipped, but respectfully asks for further punishment to show her the error of
her ways."

This was quite an impressive little speech by my slave.  She was demonstrating
that she had truly come to accept her position, and I didn't doubt that she
meant every word.  I also knew that human nature would dictate that she would
make more errors in the future, and I intended to not only punish her further,
but to demonstrate to her that there were always worse things that I could do to
her than whatever I asked her to do.

"That was a very good speech slut, and I want you to know that I do intend to
punish you severely for the offence."

I assume that Lisa expected to be beaten further as her punishment, so I'm sure
that what happened next was a complete surprise.  I took my dick, which was only
half hard at this point, and aimed it at her face and began pissing on her, the
stream arcing out from my cock and splattering all over her face.  The bondage I
had placed her in made it impossible for her to turn away, and I completely
soaked her head and her face with my warm piss.  Lisa was totally humiliated as
I used my piss to wash away some of the dried cunt juice on her face, the rest
soaking into her hair and dripping off her face onto her tits.  Lisa started
crying after the first few drops of piss hit her, and she continued to cry
throughout my lengthy piss (I had been drinking water all day to ensure that my
bladder was full to bursting).

When I was done, I ordered Lisa to stick out her tongue.  She was quick to obey,
and I wiped off the last few drops on her tongue even as she continued to sob.

"Hopefully that will teach you to obey my orders in the future.  Remember that
whatever I tell you to do can always be made much worse.  You can stay here for
a little while, and contemplate that lesson," and with that I turned and went
back to the house.

I came out about an hour later to check on Lisa.  She was still kneeling in her
bondage (not that she had any choice), and her body still continued to shake
with small shudders, although she had stopped crying.  I leaned down and stroked
her tear and pissed stained face.  "Do you realize now the consequences of your
actions my little slut?"

"Y...yes Master, your slut understands what will happen if she disobeys an
order.  Your slut is very sorry Master, and she begs you to allow her to make
amends for her error.  Please Master, allow your slut to taste herself."

"Not tonight, I think that you have suffered enough for one day. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Williams


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





