BDSM Library - The Museum of Inquisition




The Museum of Inquisition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An American professor of history takes his students to a Museum of Medieval Torture.  One young lady decides to sit out the tour, but does she?The Museum of Inquisition   
By: Michael Alexander   
Michaelalexander7575@yahoo.com   
 Breanne stepped off the small tour bus and looked up at the imposing building.
  Its large stone walls seemed to tower over her petite frame, looming like a
  thundercloud on the horizon. She lifted her sunglasses, and moved forward,
  allowing Professor Williams to exit and move to the front of the group. His
  coifed hair stood still despite the cool breeze and his tweed suit, which he
  said made him feel more European, looked sharp and respectable.  
 She pushed her auburn hair back from her eyes and allowed the chill brisk
  wind to whip it backward away from her face. Her hands dug their way downward
  into the heavy coat pockets, tightening into tense fists as she caught her
  first sight of the imposing edifice in front of her.  
 The other fifteen American students gathered at the foot of the steps, studying
  the new surrounding as would any young college student on tour, taking in the
  Germanic signs that only two of their group could actually read, much less
  pronounce. Breanne was grateful that English seemed almost as prevalent, and
  had been throughout most of their European tour, as each country's native language.  
 The sign on the building in front of them was in English however, and Bre
  wondered what group of sick people had decided that a museum of historical
  torture was something that needed to be created. Professor Williams led the
  way up the gray stone steps, pressing a small button to the right of the heavy
  wooden doors. Bre shivered as she heard the light buzzing noise, so common
  in the old world, her mind missing the pleasant chimes of home.  
 The gargantuan door opened quickly and a fair haired man in a black suit
  appeared, smiling warmly at her professor. Williams and the man shook hands,
  speaking rapidly in German. Breanne shivered, a sudden image of the man dressed
  in uniform black, holding a whip, with the Nazi swastika emblazoned on one
  arm. She shook her head to clear it of the image. Bre's heart skipped a beat
  as the fair haired man looked directly at her and smiled.  
 "Ladies and gentlemen, I have the honor to introduce to you Herr Schumann,
  the curator of the museum. He is an old and dear friend of mine, and he has
  very graciously allowed us to have access to the museum for the entire day,
  privately. Mr. Schumann is, like me, a professor of medieval history. I suggest
  that all of you take advantage of his unique knowledge during the tour."  
 " Gutentag  . Welcome to the Museum of Inquisition.
  I realize that some of you feel very strongly about this subject, as do I.
  Perhaps you wonder why we would create such a monument to something so atrocious.
  That reason is quite simple. So it won't happen again, to anyone. The museum
  serves as that reminder."  
 Breanne felt the cold breeze and sudden gust sent a freezing draft under
  the wool skirt she wore. She pulled her hands from her pockets and folded her
  arms across her chest, pulling her coat closed over her blouse. She forced
  herself to concentrate on Mr. Schumann's words, but a tiny sliver of fear had
  crept into her soul. She balked. This place was evil.  
 "Follow me please." Instructed Mr. Schumann, turning into the building.  
 The other students pushed past Breanne, who followed slowly and last. Professor
  Williams stood at the door, watching as his cadre of pupils entered. He smiled
  at Breanne who stared impassively at a hand lettered sign that had been hung
  on a particularly ugly nail.  
 "It says 'Closed for Private Tour', Bre. There's nothing to worry about." Professor
  Williams said, his face creasing into a smile. He placed his hand on her shoulder
  and gave her a gentle squeeze. "Come on."  
 Breanne followed the other students into the museum, entering a large hallway.
  Stands of armor stood gleaming in the shadows, reflecting glimmers of light
  from a high up window above the door, each holding some gruesome instrument
  of death. A few richly colored tapestries adorned the walls, along with a sign
  and an arrow which Breanne's broken German read as "Restroom".  
 "Gather round everyone." Called out Herr Schumann who stood before a glass
  display case. Breanne moved forward, gazing past the German professor at the
  pictures in the case.  
 "In the case behind me you can see quite a few pictures of some of our exhibits.
  The medieval time period was one of fear, pain, and much poverty. Many of the
  devices you will see today were used to obtain confessions of guilt for crimes
  such as theft, murder, and heresy." Herr Schumann looked down, folding his
  hands. "Some of you may not be prepared to face these exhibits. This window
  faces the darkest sides of human kind. Everyone has this side, it's just that
  most of you have the morals and ethical will to never let it out. The journey
  we take today, examines not only the past, but your future as well. If anyone
  prefers, they may remain here in the hall, and not tour the facility." His
  eyes seemed to stare directly at Breanne.  
 Bre felt a trembling and she took an involuntary step back, bumping into
  Professor Williams. He reached out, steadying her as she gasped, flinching.  
 "I don't want to go, Professor! Please? Let me stay here?" Breanne said,
  her words rushing outward. The other students all stared at her outburst.  
 Professor Williams's brow creased downward but then he nodded, a reassuring
  smile on his face. "Of course, Breanne. I understand. There is a nice bench
  right over there." He pointed back toward the main door. "If you will just
  wait for us right there. It will be a couple hours though."  
 Breanne nodded, a feeling of intense relief flooding though her. "Yes sir,
  thank you so much. I brought a book. I'll be okay." Her words still tumbled.  
 Herr Schumann looked on, his face beaming at the group. "Any one else?" No
  one moved to join Breanne. "Very well. Then if the rest of you will follow
  me." Mr. Schumann turned and stepped away from the case and moved down the
  hall, turning right into an open doorway. The echoing footsteps of Breanne's
  classmates grew softer and then stopped, yielding to the droning murmur of
  Schumann's lecture.  
 Breanne stood alone in the hall, turning, examining the tapestries. It wasn't
  long before her admiration for the colors and weaving moved to disgust. All
  of the pictures were of executions, horrible bloody ones. Finally, she moved
  over to the bench, seating herself and opening her backpack, removing a now
  battered paperback of Longfellow's poetry she had purchased when they were
  in London. She focused on the words, allowing the prose to remove the trepidation
  she had felt.  
 A sound from the restroom doorway startled her and she raised her eyes to
  see a dark haired woman dressed in a janitor's outfit exit the restroom. Her
  hands held a bucket filled with cloths and cleaner. Breanne's eyes met once
  with the woman, but then returned to the book, trying to ignore the cleaning
  girl.  
 For several minutes the girl wiped her cloth over several stand of armor,
  making the already gleaming steel shine. Breanne watched her out of the corner
  of her eye as the woman circled round until she was standing by the bench,
  her bucket in hand. The woman took out a small bottle hand labeled "polish" which
  Breanne thought odd since it was in English. The woman reached down to the
  bench and Breanne began to scoot farther away, the pungent scent of the polish
  irritating.  
 It happened suddenly, Breanne's cry being cut off by the polishing rag.
  Her hands reached up, scrabbling and scratching against the cleaning woman's
  arms, trying desperately to pull the soaked cloth away. Bre's lungs felt as
  if they were on fire and she tried to drag a clear breath, choking on the bitter
  fumes that filled her lungs. Her eyes blurred and she felt her strength draining.
  She quavered one final time before toppling into the cleaning woman's arms.  
 "I hope all of you have found this exhibit of death implements interesting.
  Human kind as always achieved great progress in two areas: medicine and inflicting
  death. Take for example, your own country's dropping of two nuclear bombs.
  We, as a species, have become even more adept at the taking of life." Said
  Herr Schumann sadly.  
 "Executions were almost always public. The gallows, the burning at the stake,
  and the other panoramas you have viewed should have demonstrated how discipline
  was kept, how such painful deaths were an incentive not to break the law." He
  waved his hand. "But enough of this; we are ready to move to another exhibit,
  one I think you will find enlightening and perhaps even enjoyable. The next
  room showcases the equipment used during the Spanish Inquisition, along with
  various other devices used on the continent. These devices were not designed,
  at least for the most part, to kill the occupant, merely to cause pain in various
  amounts."  
 Herr Schumann looked around at the students, seeing their rapt faces. "As
  well as causing pain, many of these devices were sexual in nature, as sexual
  intercourse was viewed negatively by the church. Women were frequently fitted
  with chastity belts, some of a horrific nature, which you will see." Schumann
  paused.  
 "Today, because of your visit, I have arranged for a special guest. There
  is a young lady who is familiar with experiencing these types of tortures,
  and despite their painful nature, finds a certain amount of sexual release
  in them. I have often felt that the best way to understand these medieval torments
  was to witness them in action. If you feel unable or unwilling to witness this
  exhibit, I invite you to remain here in this section until the rest of the
  class is finished. Nudity must not offend you. Does anyone wish to remain here?" Shuman
  asked the audience. Not a single student declined.  
 "Very well then, if you will all follow me." Herr Schumann said, opening
  the door and leading the group into a dimly lit room. Several spot lights illuminated
  odd looking wooden shapes, each with leather straps and metal rings embedded.
  Herr Schumann approached the very first exhibit.  
 "This exhibit is known as a St. Andrew's Cross. It is in the shape of the
  letter 'X' and was primarily used to immobilize prisoners who were to be tortured." Mr.
  Schumann pressed a small button and a few more lights illuminated the scene. "The
  wall behind the cross is decorated with an assortment of whips and floggers.
  As you can plainly see, some of these devices were not just mere strips of
  cloth, but more harsh punishment tools. Ah! Our volunteer has arrived."  
 The entire class, including both professors turned as a small door marked " Eintritt
      verboten  " opened. A dark haired woman wearing a professional
      women's suit entered leading an auburn haired college aged girl into the
      room. She was blindfolded, with a heavy thick black cloth draped around
      her head, and her mouth was stuffed with a dark red ball gag that was strapped
      on. She wore a heavy red robe, tied in the front, and she stumbled slowly
      as the dark haired women pulled her forward.  
 "Let me introduce to you all to my assistant, Frauline Richter. And of course
  our beautiful volunteer, Liesel." Schumann smiled deeply. "Frauline, if you
  will please secure Liesel to the cross, we will begin the demonstration."  
 Frauline Richter again pulled the girl, moving her toward the cross in stumbling
  halting steps. The girl's bare feet slapped loudly against the stone until
  she swayed in front of the cross. Her limbs were limp at her sides as the frauline
  untied the robe, pulling the crimson cloth apart and pushing it off the girls
  shoulders.  
 Everyone gasped as the naked breasts and sex of Liesel were exposed in the
  harsh museum light. Large soft creamy mounds, swelling slightly with each breath,
  capped with huge pink nipples, seemed to arouse and titillate the shocked college
  students. The girls slit was shaved, pink and moist, and having that slightly
  red fresh look of a freshly shaven pube.  
 Frauline Richter pushed her backward, her hand on Liesel's shoulder. Richter
  stroked each arm, pulling them up one at a time and locking the delicate wrists
  in large leather cuffs. Metal rings were embedded in the leather and attached
  to the outstretched arms of the cross. The tour group watched in wonder as
  the seemingly willing volunteer let herself be bound.  
 Richter pushed the girl's legs apart, repeating the process on her ankles
  and there was a soft rustle of fabric as the boys in the group all took a step
  closer, the better to see the pink slit exposed by the position. Finally, Richter
  stepped back and to the side.  
 "Now, as you can see, the St. Andrew's Cross is unbelievably perfect for
  securing the victim, spreading their bodies so that the torturer has access
  to almost all the most devastating parts. The first item that we have to show
  you is called a 'pear'." Schumann motioned to Frauline Richter who held up
  a small metal object, shaped like the fruit.  
 "The device is very ingenious, working much like a corkscrew. Please watch
  as Frauline Richter demonstrates. As she turns the crank key located at the
  'stem' of the pear, the bottom of the bulb begins to spread. It increases in
  size. As you can see from this model, tiny spikes, built into the base, become
  more prominent." Frauline Richter cranked the device open and then back down
  to its beginning size.  
 "Frauline Richter is now going to insert the 'pear' into Liesel's vagina.
  In medieval times, the female sexual organs were often the primary areas where
  torture was inflicted; however there are documented occurrences where pears
  were used anally and on men as well."  
 Frauline Richter had removed a small tube of clear oil from her jacket pocket
  and liberally coated the bulbous end of the pear. Slowly, with a gentle back
  and forth movement, she slipped the pear along the folds of Liesel's sex. The
  bound girl gave a desperate muted cry as the cold metal fruit slipped in deep,
  leaving only the stem crank exposed. Richter turned the key several times and
  the girl gave a loud squeal, struggling violently against the leather straps
  holding her to the cross.  
 "As you can see, even a few turns of the key can cause intense discomfort
  in the victim. Pressure against the vaginal muscles as well on the cervix creates
  a profound sensation, not to mention those tiny spikes." Schumann chuckled. "I
  think another two turns will do the trick."  
 Long high pitched cries emanated from the girl's gag as the frauline once
  more bent down and twisted the key. The girl's body shook and a single trail
  of clear fluid slid down her thigh. The class watched on in rapture as the
  girl shook her head back and forth, pumping her loins in an effort to force
  the penetrating device out of its wet hiding hole.  
 "I think we are ready to move on. The next set of devices that we will demonstrate
  for you are several of those whips and floggers I mentioned earlier. The first
  one is known as a 'cat of nine tails'. It is made of black braided leather,
  formed into nine duplicate lashes, connected to a single handle. You may notice
  the reference to a cat's nine lives?" Schumann chuckled, his laughter low. "Frauline
  Richter will now demonstrate its use."  
 The dark haired beauty quickly swung the dark whip across the heaving bosom
  of Liesel, causing the blindfolded girl to jump against the heavy wooden cross.
  Red welts appeared crossing her cream colored breasts like a tiger's stripes,
  her breasts shaking from the impact. A long inarticulate cry came from her
  throat as Richter swung again, laying a second pattern of anguishing welts.
  Richter finished after two more swings.  
 "As you can see, the Cat of Nine Tails whip was incredibly painful, and
  used frequently in public punishments. Used properly, it can even cut and abrade
  the victim's skin. Now of course we won't be doing that to Liesel, but I'm
  sure all of you can imagine it." Schumann smiled again. "The next tool Ms.
  Richter will demonstrate is known as a sap. This is merely two pieces of leather,
  with lead weights sewn between, attached to a handle. This particular device
  was popular not just in the medieval period, but even used by law enforcement
  officers for four centuries afterward."  
 Frauline Richter held up a thick leather object that looked like a tiny
  paddle. After showing it to the class she held it to Liesel's chest and then
  quickly began swinging it back and forth, striking both breasts with each swing.
  The girl stiffened, her mutted voice punctuated with the quick and loud slaps
  on each well curved breast. The class moved forward, watching from around the
  Frauline as Liesel's red bosom began to turn a darker shade of purple. Her
  chest heaved and a thin patina of moisture formed over her bound body.  
 "Excellent, Frauline Richter! I think that's enough. Perhaps another two
  cranks on the pear would be appropriate now."  
 She dark suited woman smiled, her grin wicked and she dropped the sap. Her
  fingers moved between the bound girl's legs and quickly grasped the crank key,
  turning the mechanism and additional two times. Liesel's body reacted with
  startling intensity, straining forward in sudden energy. Her voice, still muted
  by the gag, worked to convey her feelings as her buttocks began bouncing back
  against the wooden cross.  
 "Frauline? If you wouldn't mind, I believe our dear Liesel could use a taste
  of the sap against her clit. It would more fully demonstrate the exquisite
  torture that combining the cross, the pear, and the sap can accomplish.  
 Richter didn't even hesitate, quickly bending her knees and swinging the
  small leather paddle violently against the extruding clit of the bound girl.
  Her body bucked, thrashing back and forth in fierce motions as a torturous
  croon escaped from her gag. Over and over the sharp little slaps beat down
  and the class watched in astonishment as Liesel's clit grew swollen and red.
  Finally Richter stopped, smiling her pleasure. Liesel slumped in the cross
  as the beating ended.  
 "Now, Frauline Richter will release our volunteer and prepare her for the
  next demonstration. While she is doing that I would like all of you to examine
  this next insidious device&hellip;" Herr Schumann's voice faded as he led the
  students across the room. Richter quickly released the bindings on the tortured
  girl's legs, cranking the pear closed and removing it with a wet and sudden
  extraction. The girl jerked in response, but slid back down into the semi conscious
  state she was in.  
 Richter ran her fingers over the bound girls breasts, feeling the still
  hot flesh, and enjoying the thick round globes. The frauline released the girl's
  arms, pulling her forward in a stumbling, shocked motion. Across the room a
  few of the students were watching despite Schumann's description of the spiked
  chair in front of them, and Richter turned the girl's head away, making sure
  the blindfold stayed in place. The cruel woman leaned in close.  
 "You don't want them to recognize you? Do you?" She said in a evil whisper.  
 The girl gave no response and Richter continued to pull her forward, helping
  her keep her balance. They moved to another exhibit, dark, and quiet, and Richter
  lost no time in wrapping a heavy leather belt around the girl's waist.  
 "Hope that's not too tight, Liesel  ." Richter said
  quietly. The girl mumbled something that was lost in the ball gag and Richter
  finished by tying the ropes to the multitude of rings that were embedded in
  the belt. The cuffs had been left on and Richter took a moment to tie a few
  additional lines to each one.  
 "Ah! I see that Frauline Richter is ready for us. If you will all please
  follow me?" Schumann announced as the flood lights changed once more, darkening
  the spiked chair and illuminating an odd looking contraption next to the once
  more bound volunteer.  
 "The next torture device we will be demonstrating. It is know as the Judas'
  Cradle. As you can see, it is merely a wooden pyramid shaped object. These
  were made in a multitude of sizes and with various degrees of slope. This was
  important to what the torturer wanted to inflict on the victim.  
 "As you can see by Liesel's belt, several ropes were attached to the victim,
  who was raised into the air above the cradle. Today, for our demonstration,
  we will use a mechanical pulley system, but as you can see from the illustrations
  on the wall behind the cradle, it took several strong men to lift up any victim.
  Frauline Richter will handle the controls."  
 Suddenly the bound girl was raised up into the air by the belt, a steady
  motorized humming filling the room. She groaned as the belt bit up under her
  ribs, holding her up in the air. Each arm and leg sported a rope which snaked
  down to four solid weights. When she was several feet from the ground her arms
  and legs stretched downward, and suddenly her body lifted all four of the heavy
  weights from the flagstones.  
 With a single push, Schumann moved the wooden pyramid under the girl, positioning
  it directly under her groin. He moved her legs apart slightly and the class
  watched as the wide pyramid forced the girl's legs further and further apart,
  until the wooden point was only an inch from the victim's sodden and abused
  flower. She tried desperately to support herself, saddling the pyramid with
  her legs, but it was too difficult to pull the weights attached to her legs
  upward and each limb snapped back down as the last inch was removed. The class
  watched as the tip pressed upward into the girl's sex, spreading and crushing
  the lips outward. She bucked, screaming into the gag.  
 "Now as you can plainly see, the first four centimeters or so of the pyramid
  have been inserted into Liesel. Already stretched internally from the pear,
  Liesel is now having the outer areas of her sex abused. But we are not letting
  her entire weight rest upon the pyramid. In the middle ages, victims were raised
  and dropped, sometimes from several feet and with much speed, to be gored by
  the point. Additionally some of the more cruel cradles sported spikes or other
  monstrosities. This particular model was used to provide prolonged torture.
  It allows the user to dictate almost exactly the amount of pressure placed
  upon the victim's vagina or anus.  
 "Liesel is currently feeling a great deal of uncomfortable pressure on her
  vulva, labia, and even her clitoris. As you can see from her bucking, she is
  attempting to relieve the pressure in any way possible. This torture is even
  used in today's sexual practices, known as the 'wooden pony' which instead
  of a pyramid, uses a single board of wood, cut on one side to a point. The
  victim straddles the board, which is positioned slightly lower than the crotch
  when the victim is standing on tip toe. As you can imagine, as the victim grows
  exhausted, their strength gives out and the drop down upon the board. This
  is exactly what we are inflicting on Liesel, except that Liesel has no choice.
  She is being dropped down with no choice or relief."  
 For several minutes the watches as the girl's body endured the biting pressure,
  her legs scissoring several times, but always returning outward following the
  slope of the pyramid. One of the boys took out a camera and snapped several
  shots of the swollen lips of the girl's sex, spread obscenely wide and mashed
  outward. Then the motor hummed again and they watched as her body was raised
  back up. Her bruised flower turned bright red as the blood forced out by the
  pressure returned in a flush. Her legs slowly closed as she rose and her head
  slumped forward.  
 "I think that concludes our demonstration of the Judas Cradle. I would like
  you all to give a round of applause to our dear Liesel." Schumann asked politely.
  The crowd of students clapped loudly, a few of the boys even whistling. Schumann
  continued, "Now if all of you will please follow me we examine our final exhibit
  while Frauline Richter assists Liesel."  
 The group of students followed Schumann as the lights dimmed and Richter
  spent a few minutes removing the various ropes and the belt from the battered
  girl's body. Richter caught her as she fell forward, almost unconscious. Richter
  lowered her to the ground, removing the ankle and wrist cuffs. For several
  minutes the dark haired beauty massaged the blindfolded girl's limbs, bringing
  her back to awareness. Together they stood, the one supporting the other, moving
  forward to the even now garishly lit final exhibit.  
 "&hellip;from popular culture, it has been a favorite punishment through
  out the ages." Herr Schumann said. "And since Liesel is now ready, we will
  place her in the stocks." Richter pulled their volunteer forward, facing her
  back to the crowd, and pushed her forward into the open stocks. With a rapid
  quickness, Richter bound the girl's wrists and head in the wooden vice, her
  body bent in half.  
 "Excellent. Now humiliation was a major factor in this type of punishment.
  Stripped in front of strangers, or even people you knew, perhaps flogged, and
  then placed in the stocks. Anyone could touch, rape, or sodimize you with no
  adverse results." Schumann smiled. "Now we come to the 'hands on' portion of
  our tour. I invite any of you to come up to the stocks, touch, spank, pinch,
  or squeeze our little Liesel, on any portion of her body. The only thing I
  ask is that you not touch her blindfold. Her anonymity is very important to
  her."  
 Schumann stepped back and watched as several students stepped forward eagerly.
  Hands reached forward, carefully squeezing and slapping, as the girl's body
  quivered and jiggled under the onslaught. A few well placed spanks brought
  throaty groans and a number of hands kneaded dangling breasts with gusto. Finally,
  several penetrating fingers caused a sharp squeal and Schumann called a halt
  to the humiliating violations.  
 "I believe that dear Liesel has endured everything she can handle, and I
  need to ask those of you still touching her to cease. Thank you. I hope you
  all enjoyed Liesel's willingness to endure these torments to demonstrate their
  awesome affects. Please give her and Frauline Richter a round of applause for
  their assistant." A torrent of clapping followed as the class applauded for
  the bound beauty, still quivering from the sensations she had suffered through,
  as well as the curator's assistant.  
 "Now, if you will all follow me to the next gallery, we will observe the
  last of the exhibits&hellip;" Herr Schumann's voice faded as the group exited
  the room.  
 Frauline Richter reached behind a small cupboard hidden by the gallery door
  and extracted a hypodermic syringe, a cotton ball, and a small bottle. She
  swapped a slick of the bottle's alcohol on the bound girl's bottom, eliciting
  another quick cry, before Richter tapped the needle and jammed it deep into
  the girl's buttocks. She depressed the plunger, chuckling.  
 "Nighty, night, Liesel,  "  
 "Breanne! Breanne! Are you alright?" Professor Williams's voice seemed to
  be coming from a distance. Breanne groaned as the waves of pain hit her; bringing
  her out of the darkness.  
 "Breanne! You need to answer me, honey. You fell of the bench and hit your
  head. Can you hear me?"  
 Breanne slowly opened her eyes, seeing the face of her professor, along
  with the concerned expressions on her fellow student's faces. She opened her
  mouth, but her words tumbled out in articulately, a confused mumble. The only
  word that made sense was "hurts".  
 "She's got a mild bump on the head, but she tumbled pretty hard of the bench,
  and that book of her jabbed her pretty good. You might want to take her back
  to your hotel and let her rest." Herr Schumann's voice came through softly
  and with concern.  
 Breanne looked upward seeing Schumann again and her brow creased. Her mouth
  struggled to form the words. "I-I-I remember&hellip;you." She grimaced as a
  dull throbbing ache arched up through her body, starting in her loins and ending
  in her breasts.  
 "What do you remember, Breanne?" Schumann said, his voice suddenly incessant
  and intense.  
 Breanne's eyes closed as she struggled. "I don't know. It's all so hazy." She
  said, her words slurring.  
 "Well, perhaps you will remember in time. I'm just glad you didn't break
  anything when you fell." Schuman turned to Professor Williams. "Seriously,
  John. Better take this sweet darling and get her some bedrest. The blow to
  the head will no doubt give her some strange thoughts over the next few days."  
 "I just can't believe something like this could happen!" muttered Professor
  Williams, helping Breanne to her feet, supporting her as she wobbled, clinging
  to him. He held on to the girl and she over balanced, pushing her breasts into
  his arm. She cried out, clutching at her bosom, tears spilling out of her eyes.  
 "It's all right, Bre. We'll get you back to the hotel." Professor Williams
  said. He turned one last time to Eric Schumann. "Eric, I'm sorry about this.
  It was a wonderful tour, though I'm still not sure I was prepared for Liesel.
  Please let her know I hope she recovers fully, and tell her we appreciated
  it."  
 Eric Schumann smiled. "Of course, John. Thanks for coming. I'm sure Liesel
  is in the best of hands and will recover&hellip;eventually. Wiedersehen!
  Tschus  !"  
The End  
Author's Note:  
The Medieval Tortures described in this story were painfully accurate. This
  was one of the few stories I have completed that I found I needed to actually
  conduct research on. I was astonished by the nature of human cruelty, which
  seemed to move far past any sexual interest into what could only be considered
  inhumane. I beg of my audience to remember that the contents of this story
  are FICTION, and should remain as such. Please be respectful of your partners
  needs. Additionally, any descriptions that are similar to real people or places
  are completely accidental and all of the characters are purely in the author's
  mind.  
Erimus simul en aeternum,   
   
Michael Alexander   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





