BDSM Library - Memories Of Long Tall Mary




Memories Of Long Tall Mary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A 50 year old dominatrix reminisces on her long career in Central New York and describes some of her more memorable encounters.MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY by Long Tall Mary  
A 50 year old dominatrix reminisces on her long career in Central New York
  and describes some of her more memorable encounters.  
CODES: M/F, F/F, nc, heavy, job  
My name is Mary and I just turned 50 years old this past week. I'm a 6 foot
  weight proportionate, blue eyed blond and known in the business as "Long Tall
  Mary". For nearly 15 years I've been active as a career life style dominatrix
  in the Syracuse area and am the best in the business as well as the tallest.
  I'd like to share some of these memories with you and I'll start by relating
  some of my personal history.  
Basically I'm a dominate bi-sexual. For 15 years I've been divorced and that
  coincided with the start of my dominatrix career. I owned a bar at the time
  but because I hired others to do the work it wasn't all that profitable. Fortunately
  in later years I was able to do well on inheritances and also on an auto accident
  lawsuit. This gave me the financial security to afford an expensive suburban
  home with a well equipped basement dungeon.  
When I first divorced I needed money and I learned of, shall we say, a consortium
  of dominatrixes who rented space in a house that was equipped with a dungeon.
  This was located in a safe suburban area where one didn't have to worry about
  being mugged or have their vehicle ripped off. The guy who owned the house
  you could say was a promoter more than a pimp. Dominatrixes were considered
  employees off the books needless to say. The individual dominatrix solicited
  prospects on their own for the most part and paid the owner a set fee per client.  
I always had a kinky side to me but I could never get my ex interested in
  bdsm either as a dom or submissive but I knew some people who were into the
  scene and had a pretty good idea how the system worked. When I approached Craig
  and inquired about working for him he readily accepted my offer.  
There were a number of advantages of working for Craig. One is that he wasn't
  into drugs or violence. He spent most of his time managing his rental properties
  and his only legal problems were with the IRS. The only time he got busted
  was for prostitution when an ex female employee set him and another dominatrix
  up. Craig paid the legal fees for the employee and charges against both were
  dismissed.  
Another advantage was that Craig provided security at "The Hotel" as we referred
  to it. All a dominatrix had to do was push a button and a security person would
  come down to the dungeon. Approximately 90% of our customers were male and
  with no practical way of screening new customers having security available
  provided for peace of mind. They were rarely needed however.  
Craig did have a fairly high turnover rate of employees. He did not tolerate
  employees or customers selling or using drugs at the hotel and more than one
  employee got the axe for this reason. The most common reason was the employee
  would arrange to have a private encounter with the customer thus depriving
  Craig of income.  
It didn't take long for me to become competent in the techniques of the trade
  such as restraint, flagellation and cbt. I soon acquired a reputation for being
  the meanest of the dominatrix. This was always of concern to Craig as he feared
  someone getting hurt or loosing business but in the end I got my way. I had
  little sympathy for the johns, most of them wimps, who paid to be abused by
  me and they got more than their moneys worth.  
It wasn't uncommon that I used some bizarre techniques. One was finding which
  johns were homophobic. Every now and then I would invite one of my gay dominate
  acquaintances to a session to terrorize the john. Craig tried to force me to
  stop doing it but I was generating too much income for him overall and I let
  him know it. Craig also expected the employees to serve him sexually on occasion
  with he being the dom. I quickly dispelled any hopes Craig had that I would
  so serve him and he never bothered me.  
The main disadvantage of working at the hotel was the emphasis on volume.
  Ordinarily a session ran two and a half hours and it wasn't uncommon for one
  customer leaving to pass by another who was arriving. The fact that the clientele
  was predominantly male and willing also tended to be a turn off. We did get
  a handful of females and occasionally a TV but they too were quite willing
  and hardly proved challenging. My fantasy had always been to be a mistress
  to unwilling female slaves. I would have made a good white slaver but that
  kind of stuff exists only in the minds of fiction writers.  
After working for Craig for about eight years I came to be quite secure financially
  and wasn't dependent on hotel income. My bar business had improved and with
  the inheritance and lawsuit money I was able to purchase an expensive home
  in suburban Camillus and outfit a dungeon.  
The time had come to quit working for Craig and cultivate my own clientele.
  Craig initially was extremely upset and literally begged me to stay. I assured
  him that I was not competing with him and that my clientele would be almost
  exclusively female. He finally came to grips with this but two or three times
  a year I return to the hotel mainly as a substitute for one of his regular
  employees.  
It was quite a relief to operate out of my home. The time constraints that
  were a fact of life at the hotel no longer existed and I was able to book a
  few clients for overnight stays. Even more importantly is that I was able to
  be very selective as to my clients. Most were lesbians but a significant number
  were heterosexuals experiencing their first BDSM encounter.  
While I realized I would never fulfill my fantasy of confining slaves involuntarily
  I did find a niche in the market for a category that might be termed semi-willing
  sub. Actually most of them aren't submissives by definition. These are cases
  where a significant other to the female such as parent, husband, or boyfriend
  exert strong influence over the female usually financial. As a condition for
  continued support they must submit to a dominatrix to correct their undesirable
  behavior. These cases can prove to be very challenging.  
I've had several requests from males to train their wives or girl friends
  in their presence but I have never granted such a request. A few years ago
  at the hotel a dominatrix granted such a request to a boy friend. After the
  female was restrained he attempted to overpower and tie up the dominatrix.
  We never found out what his intentions were. Fortunately the dominatrix was
  able to summon security and an ugly scene ensued. Since that incident I resolved
  never to put myself in that situation.  
My first such case involved the 19 year old daughter of a prominent Syracuse
  area socialite. The wench had fallen into undesirable habits such as excessive
  drinking and associating with persons of inferior social stature.  
Her mother gave her an edict to either accept three hours of my corporal
  correction or her allowance would be terminated meaning she would have to get
  a job for the first time in her life. The mother was quite insistent that the
  wench not be subjected to any of the usual anal, oral and other sexual tortures.
  This was acceptable to me.  
Tiffany was driven to my house by her mother. My protocol is to meet the
  client in the garage and without saying a word I cuff their hands behind them
  in the presence of their escort who leaves immediately. The client is then
  walked down to my dungeon for assessment. Actually I make my decision on what
  training techniques to use after this brief assessment. It's a rather subjective
  process but I find it preferable to a preset routine.  
My client was clearly fearful which is the way I like them. Tiffany is a
  5'4, 140 pound short haired brunette. She is a buxom plumper one who will never
  make the cover of Mademoiselle but who has considerable sex appeal none the
  less. She was attired provocatively in a short black dress and heels. I was
  wearing a two piece leather outfit. Tiffany's eyes widened as she caught a
  glimpse of what was probably the first dungeon she had ever visited. Especially
  terrifying was my jail cell. This replicates an ordinary jail cell complete
  with steel bars on the door. Its used mostly for my overnight guests and Tiffany
  was only to be mine for three hours.  
After attaching a leather collar around her neck I removed the cuffs and
  ordered her to undress with the exception of heels and hose. After giving her
  a brief introduction to the flogger I attached a leash to the collar and put
  her through the standard leashing exercises. These consist of making the sub
  crawl on hands and knees around the cellar making either barking or mooing
  sounds. Tiffany was instructed to make barking sounds but it took several lashes
  before she performed them in the correct manner.  
Having completed her leashing exercises I attached Tiffany to the overhead
  bar using leather cuffs and proceeded to the intensive flogging routine. Lashes
  were deftly administered to her buttocks, breasts, and cunt in a progressively
  severe manner. Tiffany seemed to have a problem addressing me as "Mistress" and
  she took some heavy pain as a result. The three hours went fast and I felt
  that I had not achieved my goal. It was my distinct feeling that the wench
  was enjoying the torture. I regretted not being able to use additional techniques
  upon her but the first rule of business is to honor the wishes of the person
  paying the bill.  
At the end of the three hours I released Tiffany to her mother with my recommendation
  that she be brought back for more intensive training. The mother was non committal.
  About a week later I received a call from the irate mother questioning my competence
  as a trainer. It seems like the daughter was begging for another session with
  me. I explained to the mother the necessity of using more severe methods but
  I ended up loosing a customer. You just can't please everybody.  
Another semi willing case proved to be more satisfying. The dominant of a
  lesbian couple wanted the submissive to be trained. Again it was a case of
  a wealthy person exerting influence over someone who was economically dependent
  upon them. Beth was a 26 year old 5'6, 110 blue eyed blond whose duties were
  to serve as housekeeper for a female psychiatrist. Lately she had been refusing
  to perform these duties diligently and was not sexually responsive to her mistress.
  Beth was an inveterate man hater who probably hadn't had a male cock in any
  of her ports since she was a teenager if even then.  
Her mistress gave her the choice of spending a night at my dungeon for behavioral
  modification or being evicted. Beth begrudgingly chose the former and was delivered
  to me by her mistress. Little assessment was needed as I had already made plans
  for her. She was taken to the basement, stripped and cuffed to the overhead
  bar after which I proceeded to soften her up with my flogger.  
One of my strong points is my superior rope skills unlike the majority of
  dominatrix. What I had in mind for Beth was ideally suited for a ball tie position
  and I took Beth down from the bar and rigidly tied her in such a position on
  the floor. I used a metal dental gag which forced her mouth open leaving it
  accessible for various penetrations but preventing intelligible speech.  
Prior to Beth's arrival I had made arrangements for a male bondage trainer
  to be present to assist in her training. This person was Vince from Utica.
  Vince could be characterized as a super stud as prior to returning to his native
  Utica he had spent a few years on the West Coast and appeared in a number of
  porn movies. One requisite for such acting is an ability to have a superb erectile
  capability or perhaps medically speaking to be hypererectogenic. Such ability
  would be needed for breaking the will of a stubborn man hater such as Beth.  
With Beth securely bound and gagged Vince made his appearance wearing a ski
  mask to conceal his identity. Beth realizing what was imminent thrashed about
  and yelled to the best of her ability but the restraints made her efforts futile.
  Still I wish I had a video of her efforts as it was a classic. She did her
  best to resist Vince's repeated thrusting and no doubt she was determined not
  to come. Vince was equally determined that she would.  
It took nearly twenty minutes before Beth tired of her resistance and surrendered.
  Still her ordeal was not complete. Vince next turned his attention to mouth
  fucking her. Had it not been for the dental gag Beth would have incapacitated
  Vince permanently but the gag held firm and Beth had no choice but to swallow
  his semen.  
Beth spent the rest of the night in my cell and was released to her mistress
  the next morning. Her mistress reports that her attitude has improved tremendously
  and that the mere mention of another session with Long Tall Mary paralyzes
  Beth with fear. Clearly I have one satisfied customer.  
One of my long standing interests was in the use of electro shock therapy
  as a means of behavioral modification. Craig cringed at the mention of such
  a modality but now that I was an independent I was free to pursue my desires.
  I sought out Gary a gay bondage trainer from Rochester who was reputed to be
  knowledgeable in this area. He agreed to train me in the basics. Since I would
  never be submissive to any male or female I was permitted to observe as Gary
  used this technique on one of his willing submissives. It is a technique that
  is inherently dangerous yet can be mastered through adequate training. After
  instruction from Gary I felt competent to use it on my own clients and I invested
  nearly $1700.00 to procure the necessary equipment. That investment wound soon
  prove useful.  
I was approached by Dominic whom I knew little about other than he was a
  reputed higher echelon organized crime figure. To this day I don't know if
  he was into loan sharking or what but he certainly fit the stereotype. Dominic's
  problem was with his 25 year old live in girlfriend Veronica. A coke addict
  she had run up a fortune on his credit cards and Dominic learned she had a
  brief affair with a male assistant district attorney. He was willing to pay
  a handsome amount for Veronica to stay overnight at my dungeon and in addition
  to basic behavioral modification he wanted her interrogated to determine if
  she had betrayed any secrets.  
Veronica was delivered to me by Dominic believing she would only be undergoing
  a three hour session. Without saying a word to her I cuffed her behind her
  back and told Dominic to check back with me in two days about her release.
  She went spastic spewing venomous remarks at Dominic. I just smiled and dragged
  the struggling bitch to the basement. Despite her petite build she put up a
  good fight. An Italian immigrant of only three years she spoke remarkably fluent
  and unaccented English.  
The fact that she was casually attired in sweatpants and a sweatshirt and
  poorly made up did nothing to improve my attraction for her. While I don't
  have a formal dress code for my submissives I do expect them to be more suitably
  attired and made up. After first removing her sweatpants and pulling up her
  sweatshirt I took the bitch over my knee and proceeded to give her a vicious
  flogging. When she realized how easy it was for me to overpower and control
  her it resulted in her struggling abating although not her mouth. A pair of
  soiled panties that I always keep on hand were stuffed into her mouth taking
  care of that matter.  
One of my numerous pieces of bondage furniture is a high backed wooden chair
  which is secured welded to the floor. It was the ideal position for my first
  application of electroshock therapy. Using leather cuffs and belts I secured
  Veronica to the chair in a seated position and used a pair of heavy scissors
  to cut away her remaining clothing. Her arms rested on the chair elbows and
  I spread each leg as far back as it would go before attaching it to the chair
  leg.  
From what I'd learned electroshock works best on a shaved pussy. Veronica
  was sporting a full mound of hair and since most of my clients are already
  shaven I couldn't resist the temptation to shave her. She cringed in humiliation
  as I lathered her up and deftly shaved her hairs. Then I rolled over the cart
  containing the electrical equipment. It clearly had a terrifying effect on
  her and I left her gagged for the time being.  
As I applied gel and electrodes to her nipples and crotch area I explained
  to her that she would be taught obedience Pavlovian style and this would include
  inquiry into her sexual habits. Any vocal outbursts would result in the maximum
  current intensity being applied and likewise if I concluded she was being deceptive.  
Before removing the gag I instructed her not to speak without permission.
  Immediately after removing it she begged me to let her go. I delivered my first
  zap of current on low intensity warning her that every time she spoke without
  permission she would receive a heavier zap. The intensity clearly was effective
  and it shut her up. She no longer displayed the fa&ccedil;ade of bravado that
  she had attempted earlier.  
To soften up the bitch for the interrogation part I used my speech training
  methods. These consist of making the sub utter statements such as "I'm a worthless
  slut" and receiving a lash if they fail to respond emphatically enough. In
  this case if the response was not adequate she received a jolt of current.
  I alternated the jolts between her nipples and crotch. She proved to be quite
  responsive to this technique and I decided it was time to move on to the interrogation
  part.  
The interrogation proved surprisingly easy. Not only did she confess to the
  affair with the probation officer but also to an earlier affair with the cable
  repairman. Dominic wasn't even aware of the repairman's visit. I was certain
  that once I made that known to Dominic he would have his house swept for bugging
  devices and would vent his wrath upon Veronica for such an indiscretion if
  not upon the repairman as well. The good news was that she denied revealing
  anything personal about Dominic to anyone. In fact she seemed to have no knowledge
  of his activities other than he was employed as a business agent for a local
  union.  
After nearly an hour of interrogation I decided that little additional information
  could be obtained and that the repetitive shocks had worn down her resistance.
  I released her from the chair and let her rest unrestrained for awhile in my
  cell before continuing with her training. The cell was windowless and austere
  equipped only with a toilet and a mattress lying on the concrete floor. Video
  and audio equipment had been installed which enabled me to monitor my dungeon
  from upstairs.  
For the next hour or so I did some work upstairs monitoring my trainee periodically
  with the video monitor. Deciding it was time to move on with the training I
  removed her from the cell and used my red and white candy striped rope to tie
  her in a rigid hogtie. For the next fifteen minutes or so I used one of my
  riding crops on her. I left her ungagged but warned her not to speak without
  permission which she wisely heeded. It was now time for her to receive her
  first exposure to the dominatrix style of oral and anal sex.  
Veronica insisted she had no prior lesbian sexual contacts. From having worked
  at the hotel I had plenty of experience with males performing oral sex on me
  but only a handful of females had done likewise. Veronica performed quite enthusiastically
  licking my pussy straining within the confines of her rigid hogtie as I pulled
  her forward by the hair.While I had become rather desensitized to male pussy
  licking I found it quite pleasurable to be serviced by a female especially
  one who despite apparent enthusiasm detested every second of it.  
The bitch must have thought that when I told her to stop after nearly ten
  minutes that would be the last of it. Much to her chagrin I ordered her to
  begin licking my asshole and she had the audacity to defy me. Picking up my
  flogger I positioned her in such a manner that I was able to deliver a severe
  lash to her pussy and I threatened to reattach the electrodes. It did the trick
  and for spite I ordered her to use her mouth on my asshole for nearly fifteen
  minutes and to penetrate to a greater depth than I might require of someone
  to whom I was more favorably disposed.  
With the oral part of her training complete all that remained to round out
  her exposure was the anal part. Leaving the bitch in a rigid hogtie position
  I attached my strap on device. Despite the torture I had already subjected
  her to her demeanor indicated she was clearly defiant making it all the more
  gratifying for me. At least she had learned her lesson and didn't speak without
  permission so I left her ungagged.  
As you've probably noticed I have spoken quite disparagingly of Veronica.
  While I do my best to provide cruel treatment for all my submissives their
  are certain ones I take an exceptional disliking to and Veronica was one of
  them. Mounting her with the strap on I proceeded to make her anal part of the
  training especially painful. I'll have to concede the bitch was brave, no doubt
  she wished to hurl epithets at me and would have probably tried to kill me
  if not for the tight restraints. Her moaning sounds became more passionate
  as I increased the tempo and intensity of my thrusting. When I finally withdrew
  from her I had the distinct feeling that I had not yet broken her will and
  more needed to be done.  
None the less a submissive can only endure so much torture within a certain
  time period and I decided it was time to confine her to my cell for the rest
  of the night. Some of my overnight cell guests are allowed to be unrestrained
  but this was not to be the case with Veronica.  
With the bitch still hogtied I inserted both vaginal and anal intruders that
  would keep her in erotic torment for the night. The vaginal device was a vibrator
  set for low speed. To secure these I attached a heavy metal chain around her
  waist and looped the free part underneath and through her crotch tightening
  the crotch part purposely tight. The crotch chain was padlocked to the waist
  chain in the rear.  
Freeing Veronica from her hogtie I led her into the cell where I took another
  4' chain attached to a floor bolt and padlocked it to her waist chain. This
  assured she would be confined to sitting or lying on the mattress for the night
  and would be unable to stand. Her hands remained free but I warned her that
  if either of the intruders were expelled she would be severely punished.  
Satisfied that the bitch was secure for the night I headed upstairs. I regularly
  participate in an AOL bondage chat room and it has generated a number of clients
  for me. Tonight it was even more enjoyable chatting as my video and audio monitors
  enabled me to enjoy the agony my basement guest was to experience for the rest
  of the night.  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 2 by Long Tall Mary  
It was nearly 7:00 AM when I paid my first visit since the previous evening
  to the dungeon. During that period I had periodically monitored Veronica using
  the video and audio system. Aside from a sleepless night she had suffered no
  ill effects. My last instructions were that whenever I appeared by her cell
  she was to kneel on the mattress facing me with her hands behind her head and
  enunciate "Thank you Mistress for allowing me this pleasure".  
She promptly complied with this order as I stood before the cell. For nourishment
  I brought down a can of a mush like liquid protein shake and poured the contents
  into a pet bowl. I then ordered her to kneel, hold the bowl with her hands
  and use only her tongue to consume the meal. Her demeanor clearly showed her
  resentment but she quickly complied. I sensed that she wished to avoid spending
  another night as a guest and would put forth her best behavior. As much as
  I had other plans for the evening I wanted to be assured she was properly trained
  before I released her.  
For the next three hours she took some heavy duty pain. I made her stand
  with hands cuffed to the overhead bar and subjected her to repeated lashes
  with my crop. She was required to sound off with "Thank you Mistress" after
  each lash. This was alternated with some painful anal strap on intrusions.
  It appeared that I that I had broken her spirit and shortly before 11:00AM
  I notified Dominic to come pick up her and bring some clothes since her earlier
  ones were in shreds.  
When Dominic arrived to pick her up I had her standing naked and at rigid
  attention in my garage. Dominic smiled chuckling at her newly shaved pussy.
  She was then instructed to change into the jeans and sweatshirt he had brought
  for her. I proceeded to inform him of the results of my interrogation especially
  the two affairs she had confessed to. The smile was replaced by a look of obvious
  anger as he handed me an white envelope and dragged the bitch by the arm to
  his car. I smiled imagining the brutal punishment that awaited her when she
  returned home.  
After Veronica's release my business hit a lull. Then one evening on AOL
  I made IM contact with a person claiming to be Jackie an 18 your old receptionist
  at a local fitness center. Her interest was in heterosexual submission as she
  thought this might improve her appeal to males. She felt more comfortable discussing
  the matter with a dominatrix.  
Usually a dungeon session is arranged solely on the basis of Internet chat
  and a phone conversation. Mainly to verify that she was not a minor I wanted
  to meet Jackie at a neutral place before inviting her to my dungeon. We agreed
  to do so at the food court of the Carousel Mall. I was already seated at a
  table when I saw Jackie arrive and glance around nervously before spotting
  me.  
Jackie was a rather petit mouse type brunette not of exceptional good looks
  but adequate to be competitive. She was attired in jeans and a tight pullover
  sweater and apologized for being ten minutes late. I quickly realized that
  Jackie was the airhead type only in brunette form instead of blond. Although
  intelligent she tended to be absent minded and to exhibit a inappropriately
  silly giggle. Yet for some reason I took kindly to her which for a dominatrix
  can be dangerous.  
From questioning Jackie I established she was sexually inexperienced. She
  had two previous dates with different males that each ended with coital sex.
  Neither of the two ever asked her out again. She had studied bondage on the
  web and came to believe that if she were conditioned as a submissive this would
  make her more attractive to males. She had no interest in lesbian sex yet was
  not terrified of the prospect either.  
I decided her interests would best be served by a male bondage trainer but
  I sensed reluctance on her part. To overcome this I offered to use a co-trainer
  approach that is myself as well as a male trainer. She was agreeable to this
  so I sought out Vince from Utica who had previously assisted me in training
  Beth.  
A date was set for our dungeon session and I gave Jackie detailed directions
  to my house. Twenty minutes late, and after two cell phone calls, she finally
  found my house after first going to the wrong house. She had come directly
  from work and was dressed in a uniform two piece nylon athletic suit and a
  visor like work cap. I promptly cuffed her hands behind her and informed her
  in no uncertain terms she would be severely punished for her absent mindedness.
  She was then led to the to the basement where Vince was waiting. He was wearing
  jeans and was bare-chested. No need for a ski mask at this session.  
After being uncuffed she was ordered to strip naked and exhibited no shyness
  about doing so. Vince stood menacingly before her, his arms folded and a flogger
  in one hand. I buckled a training collar around her neck but said nothing leaving
  the first part of the session to Vince. He put her through some leashing, postural
  and speech exercises. Her performance was excellent and she showed signs of
  becoming a highly obedient sub.  
Vince then cuffed her to the overhead bar. Having her naked in this position
  provided him an opportunity to assess her anatomy and after warning her against
  climax he crudely fingered her pussy as well as anal probing. He observed that
  her both pussy and asshole were tight with copious lubrication. I found this
  not surprising as she had previously confided never have been ass fucked.  
Next on the agenda was an introduction to the flogger. It was my distinct
  impression as Vince worked over her various body parts that she was enjoying
  it exceedingly. Most of my customers are natural pain sluts to one degree or
  another. Still Jackie's reaction was of some concern as it is the objective
  of every bondage trainer to learn what the sub fears most and to exploit this
  fear. I was also confident that her air headed tendencies would soon be corrected.  
Taking a break from the whipping Vince uncuffed her and having removed his
  jeans ordered her to kneel before him as he sat on the couch. Vince's technique
  was to require the sub to service him orally using only her mouth. She was
  not restrained but no touching of his cock with her hands was permitted. Jackie
  complied but after less than a minute of engagement Vince angrily withdrew
  and ordered her to stand at attention.  
He proceeded to verbally trash her on the quality of her oral sex. Being
  the airhead Jackie is she flashed a grin which resulted in a vicious flogger
  lash to her pussy. I then spoke for the first time. Unless the quality of her
  oral technique improved she would be spending the night in my cell and be practicing
  it upon my pussy and asshole as well. For the first time during the session
  she appeared genuinely fearful.  
Vince being the imaginative and competent trainer that he is ordered me to
  hog tie her. Being the rope aficionado that I am it was indeed pleasurable
  to use my candy stripped rope to do so. He then retrieved a leather face muzzle
  with a large red ball gag attached. The ball part was detachable and after
  fastening the muzzle to her face the ball was detached and replaced by a thick
  black rubber cock. This was secured in such a manner leaving her powerless
  to expel the cock.  
Jackie accepted the hog tie but the application of the penis gag triggered
  a vehement reaction. She struggled desperately trying to expel the device and
  to yell in protest but the bonds held firm. As further punishment for her defiance
  one clothespin was clamped to each tit and another to her clit. Vince and I
  shared the satisfaction of knowing that we had found her weakness. She would
  chomp on the rubber until Vince was good and ready to offer her another opportunity
  to perform upon him. We both sat on the couch and watched a porno video as
  Jackie adapted to her new restraints. I sensed she would be a fast learner.  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 3 by Long Tall Mary  
It had been nearly an hour since Jackie had been hogtied and dildo gagged.
  She had finally ceased struggling and accepted the arrangement however revolting
  it might be to her. Vince and I sat watching some porn videos and making small
  chat. Periodically Jackie would cast us a pleading look most likely begging
  for another chance to satisfy Vince orally. Both of us of would just laugh
  at her when she did.  
Kneeling down alongside her Vince asked if she was ready to perform and she
  nodded her head vigorously. He removed her hogtie and gag contraption and ordered
  her to apologize to both of us for her behavior. She enunciated this in a sincere
  way and Vince once again warned her of overnight confinement and additional
  punishment if her performance did not improve.  
Performing from the same position she exhibited far greater enthusiasm than
  earlier. It is difficult for a trainer to articulate in words precisely what
  oral sex technique he expects from his sub. Most subs learn instinctively what
  the trainer desires and judging from Vince's demeanor her performance was now
  up to par. After ejaculating and requiring Jackie to swallow the semen Vince
  complimented her on her performance. I myself was greatly relieved as I didn't
  feel she was ready for the punishment that would otherwise be necessary.  
A submissive must ultimately be allowed to climax but Vince decided she had
  not earned a coital fucking and would receive an ass fucking instead. Every
  trainer has his technique for this and Vince's was to make her kneel doggy
  style on a floor board with her wrists and ankles attached by leather cuffs
  to the board. Vince's well endowed cock had little difficulty penetrating her
  tight virgin asshole and had she been able to observe the cock she probably
  would have found that it was size of the other two cocks combined that had
  fucked her previously. Non the less she took the penetrations well and quickly
  climaxed. Vince withdrew after about five minutes of thrusting.  
At this time Vince announced he would be leaving for the evening and Jackie
  was instructed to dress. She appeared to have weathered the session fairly
  well considering that it was her first exposure to anal penetration. I decided
  to waive the session fee I normally charge taking into account Jackie was working
  at a minimum wage job struggling with repairs on her used car as well as other
  expenses. As I mentioned earlier when a dominatrix develops undue sympathy
  for a sub it can be dangerous yet I felt she needed to be treated gingerly
  due to her inexperience.  
My next assignment was clearly a Bondage 101 type. I was contacted by the
  president of a sorority at a liberal arts college in the area which I prefer
  not to identify. As part of a sorority hazing ritual they were seeking a dominatrix
  to subject the pledges to some minor humiliation and corporal punishment. There
  would be no other type of sexual contact permitted. While not the style of
  bondage I was accustomed to it was a change of pace and I quickly accepted
  the offer. I met with three senior leaders of the sorority and a format was
  agreed upon for the six female pledges involved.  
I appeared clad in my characteristic dominatrix attire that being a two piece
  black leather outfit. The six pledges were summoned one by one into a bedroom
  at the sorority house and I had the pleasure of ordering each to strip to their
  bra and panties before using a length of rope to bind their hands behind them.
  In addition each was blindfolded. When I finished binding one she was ordered
  to kneel facing the bed until all six were so arranged. They were not permitted
  to speak.  
In the large living room an area in the center of the floor was designated
  as the stage with chairs set up for the audience. With the existing sorority
  members gathered about I would lead each pledge out individually and instruct
  her to stand bending as far forward as possible so that her ass was conspicuous
  then remove her panties and blindfold. Another sorority member kept watch over
  the pledges in the bedroom.  
The instrument I chose for the ritual was a caning stick. Used improperly
  this can cause permanent scarring but I am quite experienced with it and no
  one has suffered any permanent damage from my strokes. Each pledge would receive
  between 6-8 strokes depending upon their reaction. The ritual was similar to
  that depicted in Animal House where the frat pledge is required to sound off "Thank
  you sir may I have another" after each stroke only in this case it was "Mistress".
  Those who did not sound off with sufficient intensity would receive more strokes
  than those who did.  
All of the pledges performed acceptably and none received more than seven
  strokes. After finishing with one pledge she was ordered to kneel facing the
  stage with her back to the crowd with wrists still bound. This was repeated
  until all six had been caned. All of the pledges were terrified somewhat but
  only one appeared to be excessively so. My sadistic inclinations being what
  they are I made sure that one received the maximum seven strokes as did one
  other wench who was reluctant to sound off properly.  
All the pledges thus completed their rituals and were accepted into the sorority.
  I stayed around for awhile and explained my role as a dominatrix. Several members
  asked intelligent questions and I made sure to leave several copies of my business
  card fully expecting at least one of them would ultimately seek out my services.
  I have to admit it was a rather enjoyable session despite the limitations.  
As I drove back home my cell phone rang and it was Craig on the calling end
  with a surprising request. It seems one of his newer employees was suspected
  of stealing customers for private sessions with her and are also of stealing
  money from the wallet of one. In all my years working for Craig we had a cardinal
  rule which was never to steal personal property from a customer and that record
  was unblemished. Craig felt that a disciplinary session with me might help
  to modify her behavior.  
I was not acquainted with Pam so Craig related her history. 35 years old
  and a full figured 5'7" buxom blond she had previously worked as a call girl
  hooker at the Turning Stone Casino. Evidently somebody didn't pay somebody
  off and she got busted for prostitution. Normally a pimp bails out his hooker
  as soon as possible but the pimp didn't show and Pam sat in jail for three
  days before the judge finally released her without bail. After that she quit
  the Turning Store and sought employment from Craig. Due to an employee shortage
  Craig had little choice but to hire her.  
Pam was a straight heterosexual with no prior dominatrix experience. Her
  performance as a dominatrix was adequate but not outstanding. Craig offered
  her the option of an overnight punishment session with me or walking papers.
  As Craig is somewhat unassertive when it comes to dealing with errant employees
  Pam reacted vehemently threatening all types of reprisals.  
To his credit Craig held his ground and she ended up agreeing to the session.
  I scheduled her for the next evening at 7:00 and looked forward to dealing
  with her attitude.  
At 7:00PM as directed the door bell rang and I got my first glimpse at Pam.
  She definitely had a set of major league jugs in the mold of Dolly Pardon and
  was attired in a pair of black spandex and a super tight t-shirt. This inappropriate
  attire would cost her dearly in pain as I was fed up with my female clients
  repeatedly dressing in such a casual manner.  
Pam evidently expected to come in and sit at the kitchen table for a coffee
  chat. Instead I followed my protocol of cuffing her hands behind her back without
  saying a word. She froze and gave me one of the most hostile glares I've ever
  received and for a second I thought I would have to drag her down the stairs. "Very
  well have your way" she snapped as I led her down the stairs to the dungeon.  
I wasted no time in placing her in a painful position. Using a chain connected
  to the ceiling I forced her arms up behind her back to a point where she was
  forced to bend over at a painful angle. Her spandex and panties quickly came
  off and I curled her t shirt up above her boobs thirsting to use my flogger
  on them. Actually it was a pleasure to deal with someone so defiant but I quickly
  tired of her whining and shoved a pair of my soiled panties into her mouth
  to silence her.  
Proceeding to read her the riot act I informed her that she could expect
  intense pain until her attitude improved, that when and if ,and I emphasized
  the if, I decided to ungag her she would address me as mistress and the other
  basic rules. Sensing that I still hadn't gotten through to her I began flogging
  away at her jugs. It was readily evident she was not a pain slut but that would
  soon change.  
END PART 3  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 4 by Long Tall Mary  
As I prepared to continue my torture of Pam my cell phone rang and from glancing
  at Caller ID I noticed the name of the caller was Felicia Porter. We had worked
  together as dominatrix at the hotel a few years ago and the last I knew she
  left to move to California after having a falling out with Craig over drug
  use. As my opinion of her was quite favorable I took time out from my torture
  of Pam to answer the call rather than forward it to voice mail.  
Felicia had just gotten back to Syracuse and had no place to stay and asked
  if she might stay with me for a few days until she could find employment and
  a permanent residence. I was non committal as to how long she could stay but
  I told her she could stay at least one night and gave her directions to my
  place.  
Leaving Pam in her present state of restraint was not advisable due to the
  metal cuffs she was wearing. As cruel and sadistic a dominatrix as I am I've
  never caused permanent injury to anyone and the prolonged use of metal cuffs
  have the potential to cause such injury. Therefore in order to prepare for
  Felicia's arrival I removed the panties from Pam's mouth and removed her cuffs.
  Before she could summon the strength to resist I forced her into my cell and
  locked the door leaving her unrestrained. Her mouth was still spewing invectives
  but I smiled knowing that she would soon be subjected to torture by two dominatrix.  
Felicia arrived within 30 minutes and her appearance had not changed significantly
  from when I last saw her. She is a stocky 30 year old brunette about 5'4 and
  140 pounds whose characteristic attire is a miniskirt and a tight sweater which
  is how she was currently attired. We embraced each other as I showed her to
  my guest bedroom after allowing her to view my basement captive via the monitor.  
While working at the hotel Felicia had been a very cruel and effective dominatrix
  with men. She is bi-sexual and related that while living in LA she worked as
  a dominatrix with an exclusively female clientele. When I offered her the opportunity
  to assist in the training of Pam she readily accepted and most certainly would
  have been angry had I not done so. She quickly changed into another vinyl mini
  with a black leather bikini. I instructed her to wear a ski mask as it was
  best to minimize the number of persons Pam could identify.  
The thought of being subjected to two dominatrix, one masked, was certainly
  unsettling to Pam and as we approached the cell she was speechless as I introduced
  my new assistant to her identifying not by name but only as "Mistress". Unlocking
  the cell door I let Felicia take the initiative and she promptly dragged the
  wench unassisted towards the bondage floor board across the basement, her resistance
  proving futile.  
We quickly positioned Pam doggy style on the board and attached leather cuffs
  to her wrists and ankles, as she ceased her struggling. Felicia attached a
  6" strap on and made certain Pam saw it before taking a position to her rear
  and beginning her intrusions. I positioned myself in front of Pam kneeling
  with my asshole up to her face and ordered her to start licking. Their was
  no response so I rolled the cart containing my electroshock device next to
  the board and set about attaching the electrodes to her nipples. She immediately
  realized what I had in mind and begged to be spared and allowed to use her
  tongue on my asshole.  
I gave her a temporary reprieve from the electroshock and reassumed my position
  in front of her. For the next 15 minutes Pam was subjected to a brutal double
  dose of Felicia painfully thrusting her strap on into her asshole and using
  her tongue to lick mine. Both Felicia and I took great delight knowing the
  pain and agony Pam was experiencing.  
Her treatment of Pam was quite impressive and left me to ponder whether Felicia
  could serve as my assistant or substitute on occasion. For the present I decided
  it was time to break for the night as I was somewhat tired and eager to discuss
  affairs with Felicia. Ordinarily my overnight dungeon guests are confined to
  my cell but I decided Pam wasn't worthy of such a luxury, she would spend the
  night in my metal dog cage which was just large enough to sit in but not stand
  in. After inserting anal and vaginal dildos they were secured using the waist
  chain looped through the crouch and then padlocked. Pam was then stuffed into
  the cage and for spite I cuffed her wrists to the top of the cage.  
Upstairs I prepared drinks for Felicia and myself and made known to her that
  in return for my hospitality I expected sexual tribute. Felicia has a minor
  submissive side and offered no protest, after a quick drink she was using her
  mouth upon my pussy as I sat on my bed sipping my second drink. As much as
  I enjoy unwilling females serving me sexually Felicia's competence in this
  area more than compensated for the absence of this factor.  
We spent the night sleeping in separate rooms and at 7:00AM I went to the
  basement to continue my training of Pam leaving Felicia to perform some household
  cleaning tasks upstairs. Pam was begging for forgiveness with the night spent
  in the cramped cage having withered her defiant attitude. As tempting as it
  was to keep the wench enslaved indefinitely I decided she would be released
  by noon at the latest. She was allowed to consume a meal of liquid protein
  shake from a dog bowl inside the cage after I uncuffed her hands.  
I called Craig and suggested he might wish to visit my dungeon and I assured
  him that Pam would personally apologize to him. Craig accepted my offer which
  I found surprising in that he is more of an person you talk to on the phone
  than you see in person. He indicated he would be at my place at 11:00AM.  
Turning my attention back to Pam I explained I would release her at 11:00
  if she was responsive to the remainder of her training and if I judged that
  her apology to Craig was sincere. The training would include the electroshock
  therapy. "I will obey Mistress" she uttered in a seemingly respectful tone
  and the first time she had addressed me by title.  
Pam was removed her from the cage and attached to my special chair using
  leather restraints for her wrists, ankles and waist. Gel and electrodes were
  then applied to each boob and her clit. I was somewhat disappointed that her
  pussy was already shaven as for pure humiliation nothing beats a forced shaving.
  Since my last use of electroshock therapy I had modified my unit so as to be
  able to deliver shocks from all three electrodes simultaneously or any combination
  of the three.  
In addition I was using for the first time a training CD that I had purchased
  over the Internet. The CD is played and made audible to the trainee in this
  case by rolling a CD amplifier on a cart in front of her. Contained on the
  CD are nearly thirty statements for a submissive trainee to repeat such as "I'm
  a useless slut", "Have a good day master/mistress" etc. These commands can
  be selected individually by the trainer or at random. The trainer gauges the
  response of the trainee and delivers the appropriate level of shocks. For the
  next thirty minutes I amused myself repeatedly shocking and subjecting her
  to the maximum I thought she could tolerate. I stopped after I was satisfied
  that her oral responses had been excellent and I left her restrained in the
  chair for the time being.  
Leaving Pam unattended and to ponder Craig's arrival I went upstairs to check
  on Felicia and was highly peeved to find her clad in bra and panties lounging
  on my living room recliner with a drink in hand and watching the Playboy Channel.
  None of the housework assigned to her had been completed.  
I don't take kindly to someone ignoring my orders whether they are a submissive,
  house guest or whatever. Felicia was quite surprised to find herself in a rigid
  hog tie on the living room floor and connected to the couch to keep her from
  rolling about. For good measure I attached a face muzzle with a penis gag and
  for further spite I turned the TV from the Playboy Channel to the Christian
  Broadcasting Network's 700 Club. She would learn a lesson in obedience as I
  prepared Pam for Craig's arrival.  
Pam was worn down from the cumulative effects of her confinement especially
  the electroshock. Her defiant attitude was not apparent, she spoke in a respectful
  manner and finally conceded after a period of denial that she had stolen money
  from the johns wallet. She was to apologize to Craig for her intolerable conduct
  and would serve him sexually upon his arrival. If not she could expect additional
  confinement and punishment.  
Upon Craig's arrival I introduced him to Felicia still hog tied and gagged
  on the living room floor. Despite their falling out a few years back Craig
  indicated he was willing to consider rehiring her. Craig smiled and helped
  himself to a quick finger fuck of the wench.  
Next I showed Craig to the basement where I had Pam arranged for him naked,
  on her back and in a ball tie position that made her very accessible. I have
  no doubt Craig experienced an instant erection, how many guys wouldn't under
  the circumstances.  
Prior to Craig's arrival I had carefully scripted what Pam was to say and
  with the electroshock cart only a few feet away I was quite confident she would
  not deviate from the script. She declared herself a piece of trailer trash,
  begged for forgiveness and to be used in any way Craig saw fit. Leaving the
  two alone I went upstairs and couldn't resist listening to the audio monitor.
  It was quite obvious Craig was having his way.  
As a final affront to Pam's dignity a condition of her release was that she
  wear a special chastity device for three days. This is a conventional metallic
  type of device with one difference. The lock to the device requires a computer
  chip key which can not be made by the typical locksmith. I only have two keys
  for it, I kept one and the other I gave to Craig. He would decide when to release
  it.  
Depriving a wench like Pam of the use of her main sex port was indeed a fitting
  punishment. Craig reveled in knowing what control he exerted over her and I'm
  certain would at the minimum extract oral sex from her as a condition of release.
  Craig was in a state of visible euphoria as both of them left together, Pam
  not surprisingly appeared quite dejected.  
Soon after their departure I freed Felicia from her restraints and ordered
  her to don a maid's uniform. Humbled by the punishment I had inflicted upon
  her she accepted this servitude and was made to perform household chores for
  several hours. In addition she would accompany me later in the evening to the
  monthly bondage support group meeting of which I am the leader. Her reward
  for all this is she would be allowed to stay a few more nights for free.  
This meeting is held at a bar in East Syracuse and is designed as a means
  of introducing new enthusiasts to BDSM both male and female, dominate or submissive.
  Typically a demonstration of basic bondage techniques is performed and tonight
  she would be the submissive demonstrator hardly to her liking. I led her on
  a collar and leash into the meeting room where about twenty people were in
  attendance and she was stripped and attached to a overhead bar. She was forced
  to remain on display for about thirty minutes while I delivered my lecture
  then she was subjected to another twenty minutes or so of assorted lashes using
  a flogger, cat of nine, and crop.  
Soon after this an event occurred which would change my career perspective.
  I received a call from Mad Max who is the premiere gay bondage trainer in the
  Syracuse area requesting my assistance at one of his sessions. He had a gay
  client who was basically a woman hater, perhaps heterophobic might be the psychological
  classification, and Max felt that a female forcing sex upon him might contribute
  to his character development.  
It had been a long time since a male cock had penetrated my port and I wasn't
  crazy about the idea. However I did owe Max a favor as a few years back when
  I worked at the hotel Max did for me in reverse what he was now requesting.
  One of my clients was homophobic and I felt that a male forcing sex upon him
  would be good for him and Max did the act without any questions. Word of it
  got around and it had a lasting effect upon my reputation as a cruel and bizarre
  dominatrix.  
I might Max at his dungeon and after changing into my bedroom essentials
  donned a ski mask. The sub was naked, spread eagled on his back, attached with
  leather cuffs to the bed, and ring gagged. A slovenly looking guy in his 30s
  he had no idea what Max had arranged for him. As he saw me approach he began
  to thrash violently in his restraints while his gag stifled any attempt at
  spoken protest. Max had kept him hard with a cock ring which I removed before
  mounting him. As I inserted his still rigid cock into my fuckhole I can still
  remember the look of abject surrender on his face. It really gave me a good
  feeling.  
Max's reputation for being cruel and bizarre was on a plane with my own.
  It was rumored that he had access to an erectogenic drug which is injected
  into the penis to cause an instant and involuntary erection. As I prepared
  to begin my thrusting Max let the sub know that if he went limp he would do
  just that. To this day I don't know if Max was bluffing but it did the trick
  and the he stayed hard. I subjected the pitiful sub to nearly ten minutes of
  thrusting before he came and you can't overstate the high I experienced from
  breaking him.  
That event had the effect of causing me to reassess my own sexual direction.
  Since my divorce I've had few sexual encounters with males other than the BDSM
  type with me as the dominant. The feeling of a real cock inside me despite
  the fact the fact that the wimp was a totally worthless piece of trash rekindled
  my desire for a non bondage affair with a male. I'll relate in another chapter
  how I came to grips with this matter.  
END Part 4  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 5 by Long Tall Mary  
The desire for straight non bondage sex had been brewing for some time and
  the episode at Mad Max's forced it to the surface. At that time I was nearing
  45 years of age and regarded myself as a worthy companion for many men far
  younger than myself. Being the owner of a bar gave me an opportunity to meet
  men and women from different walks of life.  
I haven't written much about my bar so far. Its located in a bar strip in
  downtown Syracuse. Many of the bars in the strip are patronized heavily by
  Syracuse U students while others cater to diverse ethnic and social constituencies.
  At my bar about 20% of the crowd is college, the rest are downtown professionals
  and office workers.  
I don't allow my bar to be used for any overt bondage or sexual activities
  other than I do allow subs to wear collars and be led on leashes. Its not a
  bondage bar per se but its safe to say that a fair number of the regulars know
  about my lifestyle and inevitably some of my clients gravitate here. My work
  attire is quite provocative but not exclusively S&amp;M fashion.  
One of the regular customers at the bar was a Professor of Clinical Psychiatry
  at the local medical school, a trim and fit 50ish type with a very engaging
  wit. I'll refer to him as Newhart as he reminds me more of the TV psychologist
  Bob Newhart than he does an MD.  
One day I hit on Newhart for a date. He accepted my offer but seemed reluctant
  and I fully expected to get stood up. None the less the date went off as scheduled
  and we spent a beautiful evening dining at a Chinese restaurant in Cortland.
  I intentionally dressed in a way that is less whorish than usual including
  a ankle length skirt and a loose fitting sweater.  
As he drove us back towards Syracuse I was modestly intoxicated and suggested
  we spent the night at my home. Newhart had recently dated other women and presumably
  had sex with them but the suggestion of sex at a dominatrix mansion left the
  normally glib Newhart fumbling for words. I was both peeved and hurt.  
I forced myself to blurt out my feelings making it known to him that I wasn't
  planning on placing him in restraints and whipping him, that I just wanted
  normal sex and that he should forget my BDSM orientation and just think of
  me as an everyday professional woman meaning bar owner of course. Newhart expressed
  appreciation for my candor and conceded that he was intimidated at the prospect
  of sex with a dominatrix and that he would give it his best shot.  
After arriving back in Camillus I decided Newhart needed another two martinis
  to break down his inhibitions. We sat together imbibing on the sofa for about
  20 minutes with a Lettermen CD playing on the amplifier as I gently massaged
  his cock which became instantly rock hard. Finally I felt the moment had come
  and I escorted him gently to the bedroom where I began undressing. I joked
  that subs are usually led to the bedroom on a leash then strapped down to the
  bed as I tried further to dispel the dominatrix image. It did seem to help
  break the ice a little more.  
Newhart seemed to be more comfortable than earlier and within minutes we
  were enjoying each other in a way I hadn't for years. His staying power was
  excellent for his age, he ejaculated twice inside me and I was able to harden
  him a third time by hand. He was rewarded with a stellar class blow job that
  brought him to fever pinch intensity before climax.  
The next day I sat reflecting on the previous nights encounter. It was highly
  arousing but I resented having to be the aggressor especially with a med school
  professor who was sexually experienced and no wallflower. I was not so committed
  to dominatrix style sex that I could not periodically enjoy conventional sex.
  Yet my reputation as a dominatrix was clearly inhibiting prospective straight
  male companions. I was determined not to give up and ultimately I would attain
  a balance between the two.  
END PART 5  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 6 by Long Tall Mary  
It soon become apparent I was not the only person experiencing relationship
  problems. At 11:00 on Wednesday morning I was sitting in front of my TV watching
  Montel Williams when the cell rang. It was Jackie and she was in tears. As
  she was only ten minutes away I told her to come over right away and we would
  discuss her problem.  
I hadn't seen Jackie since the session with Vince but we had talked several
  times by phone during that period. She felt that Vince was not her type of
  trainer and she would do her best to find a male dom on the Internet. Despite
  my skepticism I wished her well and I became concerned when I hadn't heard
  from her in more than a week.  
Twenty minutes after she called Jackie and I were sitting together on my
  couch my arm around her as I listened to her tearfully relate a tale of woe.
  She had hit on some asshole fitness trainer where she works for a date and
  during the date propositioned him to tie her up and fuck her. The asshole put
  her down real hard and terminated the date early. To make matters worst he
  made sure everybody at the fitness center was aware of Jackie's kinky leanings.
  Jackie was so distraught she even considered moving somewhere far away.  
The situation cried out for revenge and I was half tempted to pay the asshole
  a personal visit. It wouldn't have been the first time I humiliated a guy publicly
  but better judgment prevailed and I turned to Mad Max for assistance. In addition
  to being the regions premiere gay bondage trainer Max is reputed to have computer
  hacker skills. I asked Max how difficult it would be to secretly download pornography
  on to someone's office computer if the password were known. Max assured me
  it was easier than programming a VCR.  
Jackie was able to furnish the information Max needed and two days later
  the asshole was called in by the owner after gay pornography was found on his
  personal office computer. We made sure it wasn't child porn but there was plenty
  of adult porn, both bondage and otherwise. The asshole resigned and we heard
  that he moved to Boston. Needless to say everyone at the fitness center found
  out about it and Jackie had the pleasure of being there when the owner called
  him in and seeing his humiliation when he walked out. Being the airhead she
  is I was afraid she would tip someone off as to the frame up but she didn't.  
Still I knew Jackie's days were numbered at the center and frankly I was
  worried about her overall emotional welfare. I then made a major decision which
  I can thankfully say I have never regretted and that was to offer Jackie the
  job of manager at my bar as my current manager was moving out of town. Jackie
  had good people skills and I had no doubt she would relate well to the customers
  and other employees. Most importantly I would see her from day to day and assist
  her in the pursuit of her bondage aspirations.  
Jackie accepted my offer and I set out to give her a crash course on bar
  management. In addition I took her shopping to the mall and helped her pick
  out nearly $600.00 worth of stylish business clothes which I paid for personally.  
Jackie readily accepted my suggestions to change her hair style and others
  relating to make up and attire.  
I decided to consciously refrain from hitting on guys for straight sex my
  rationale being the harder you try the less likely you are to succeed. Sooner
  or later I would strike it right. In the meantime Jackie was becoming like
  an adopted grand daughter and I had enough bondage clients to keep me afloat
  for awhile.  
Not surprisingly two of my newer clients were members of the sorority where
  I had presided at the sorority initiation ritual, in fact both were amongst
  the pledges. I received a call from Bonnie a 19 year old liberal arts major
  who described herself as basically heterosexual but with strong lesbian curiosity.
  Her roommate Jeanine, also 19, was a lesbian. Neither had any bondage experience
  other than for being caned while pledging but each had developed a strong submissive
  curiosity. I set up an a 4 hour session for them on a Sunday evening with the
  understanding it could be extended overnight. Back at the hotel a male sub
  would have payed $250.00 for a 2 &frac12; hour session. After learning the
  two were not from affluent families I offered them a rate of $250.00 total
  or $125.00 apiece for the whole session be it four hours or longer, a true
  bargain and consistent with my benevolent character.  
The two college wenches appeared as scheduled having been briefed in advance
  as what to expect. They were fashionably attired in skirts and blouses and
  well made up which was much to my surprise as I had not informed them of my
  dress preferences. Both were brunettes about 5'5" with Bonnie being the more
  curvaceous of two at about 120 pounds, Jeanine somewhat on the plumper side
  was about 20 pounds heavier than the other. I promptly cuffed each in the garage
  and led them to the basement.  
Bonnie seemed the more frightened of the two as they caught their first glimpse
  of my dungeon. Especially conspicuous was my dog cage with its open door which
  would soon be occupied by one of the two. Bonnie as I recall was the most terrified
  of the pledges being caned so after I had them complete their undressing, I
  attached a training collar to each and Bonnie was placed in the cage for the
  time being. Jeanine would be the first to undergo basic obedience training.  
END PART 6  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 7 by Long Tall Mary  
Training Jeanine quickly proved to be a pleasure. She had the attributes
  of a natural submissive but to some extent this was disappointing as I enjoy
  the more obstinate and defiant types.  
In earlier conversations Jeanine had mentioned she was a member of the college
  drama club. Indeed her performance throughout the basic training had a thespian
  like quality. She complied perfectly with every command which included being
  led on the leash while making animal sounds, proper posture and diction. I
  suspect she had studied some bondage literature and rehearsed her performance
  in advance. Personally I don't find these theatrical types especially gratifying
  but in this case I was certain it would be offset by the performance of her
  partner Bonnie.  
Cramped within my cage Bonnie nervously followed her partners progress. Bonnie's
  time to be trained had arrived so I attached Jeanine with leather cuffs to
  the overhead bar and removed Bonnie from the cage and attached the leash to
  her collar. Her regimen was basically similar to Jeanine's and while Bonnie
  did not refuse to perform she continually spoke without permission questioning
  every one of my commands by requesting an explanation as to its purpose.  
I am in the business of giving commands to be obeyed without question. The
  rationale for training is not an appropriate topic of by a submissive trainee.
  Finally Bonnie's babbling become so annoying that I attached my face muzzle
  with attached penis gag to her. Once padlocked in place it can not be removed
  even with the hands free. Bonnie quickly realized this and as I began subjecting
  her to heavier whipping she finally started obeying the commands other than
  for the animal sounds which were stifled by the gag.  
My next exercise was orgasm denial using what I call the Siamese technique.
  Bonnie was made to stand directly facing Jeanine and her hands were attached
  with leather cuffs to the overhead bar the two being close enough their boobs
  rubbed against each other. Leaving the muzzle gag attached to Bonnie I applied
  a strip of duct tape over Jeanine's mouth. With two wenches so close to each
  other and unable to use their mouth or hands on each other it can easily induce
  erotic agony.  
But the best was yet to come. One of my toys is a "dildo for two" which consists
  of two shallow penetration dildos one each at opposite ends of a 12" tube.
  Each dildo end is inserted into the cunt of each and a slow speed vibrator
  is turned on. The design of the device assures that with minimal movement by
  either of the two that it will become dislodged and it is nearly impossible
  to climax without doing so.  
The success of this training exercise depends upon convincing the sub that
  if the dildo is dislodged for any reason that the sub will suffer excruciating
  pain. I gave each of the two a severe lash to the buttocks causing each to
  cringe and informing them that if they failed the exercise the lashes would
  be twice as intense. The vibrator was then turned on and they were informed
  it would stay in for at least ten minutes. I stood by smiling and watching
  as the two wenches suffered what I considered the ultimate in erotic torture.  
As they squirmed in agony I held my flogger in one hand and repeatedly glanced
  at my watch. Jeanine seemed least likely to dislodge the vibrator but both
  would suffer the punishment regardless of who was at fault. In my years of
  using this technique I have developed 99% accuracy in predicting who will fail
  and I predicted the vibrator would come out at the five minute mark. Five and
  a half minutes into the exercise the dildo inside Jeanine become dislodged
  and seconds later it became dislodged from Bonnie and fell to the floor. As
  an umpire making a call it was Bonnie's fault.  
Striving hard to contain my glee I immediately commenced flogging the two
  wenches as their gagged moans of erotic arousal turned to suppressed screams.
  This was done at the promised intensity and I took the two wenches to their
  upper pain threshold before relenting.  
The two were then informed they would be given a thirty minute break with
  Bonnie being returned to the cage and Jeanine placed in my cell. After that
  I announced the exercise would be repeated only this time they would be required
  to keep the dildo in place for twenty minutes instead of ten. You should have
  seen the looks on their faces as I went upstairs to check my Email.  
END PART 7  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 8 by Long Tall Mary  
No story highlighting the career of a dominatrix would be complete without
  mention of a special type of bondage enthusiast, the wannabe dominatrix. I
  have dealt with several over the years and they are always a challenge.  
Melissa was one such case. A 19 year community college student from Binghamton
  she was endowed with a modelesque figure that was obvious when I first saw
  her picture. A 5'7 hazel eyed brunette she had a figure and photogenic qualities
  which complimented each other ideally. She could easily find work as a clothing
  model if nothing else but it was far easier envisioning her on the cover of
  Bondage Times than in a J. C. Penney catalog.  
We first met in an AOL chat room. Melissa was advertising as a domme seeking
  a female sub and in her naivet&eacute; thought that as a dominatrix I would
  procure a sub for her. Her experience in bondage was limited to viewing web
  pics as well as tying up and spanking her girlfriend. I just had to meet this
  aspiring domme. First let me define the difference between domme and dominatrix.
  The former has an interest in dominating only females, the later either male
  or female. Melissa was clearly interested only in females.  
To accomplish this I had to resort to a bit of chicanery in that I promised
  her a female sub if she came to my dungeon for the night. Of course I had no
  such immediate intentions as I feel strongly that a domme must first receive
  training as a submissive. I've always considered training such wannabes as
  one of my strong points and I eagerly awaited Melissa's arrival.  
Melissa arrived as scheduled and was dressed for the part in the standard
  two piece vinyl mini skirt and matching vinyl top as well as knee length boots.
  Her distinctive fetish attire was concealed by a white full length sweater
  coat she was wearing. It was much to her surprise as I greeted her in the garage
  and as I quickly cuffed her hands informed her of the change of plans in that
  she was now the sub. This evoked a truculent reaction "You double crossing
  bitch I'm not a sub" she spewed out. I was astounded at the audacity of her
  remarks and I knew that she had to be dealt with swiftly and forcefully.  
Dragging the wench down the stairs was easy enough. Ordinarily I would remove
  the cuffs and have her strip before attaching more comfortable restraints.
  Due to her attitude I would still have to remove the cuffs but would have to
  do the stripping myself. My theory is that if an unrestrained submissive realizes
  she can not successfully resist it will cause her to cease struggling and accept
  domination.  
 After removing the cuffs I sat on her as I proceeded to remove her sweater
  and other attire except for her boots without ripping any of it. Still she
  struggled continuously and I feared that I might not be able to attach the
  leather cuffs. Therefore I reapplied the steel cuffs to her wrists and for
  good measure attached another pair off leather cuffs with a short hobble to
  her ankles. A dominatrix friend of mine had once been kicked in a sensitive
  area by a struggling sub and I wasn't about to let that happen to me.  
With my domme wannabe realizing the futility of struggling but still exhibiting
  diarrhea of the mouth I buckled my thickest training collar around her neck
  before inserting my tried and true soiled panties in her mouth. I then gave
  her one of the more vicious floggings I have ever given to a novice making
  certain to equally include the boobs, buttocks and crotch. She finally came
  to her senses, ceased struggling and stopped attempting to yell through the
  gag.  
I decided it was time to put her through the leashing exercises. Ordinarily
  the sub is allowed to crawl on their hands and knees on a carpeted floor led
  by a leash attached to the collar. This bitch would crawl only on her knees
  with her hands cuffed behind her back, ankles hobbled and led by the leash.
  The panties were removed from her mouth enabling here to recite whatever I
  required. It took nearly a half hour to complete the exercise which was punctuated
  by numerous lashes as she rebelled at crawling and making the animal sounds
  I required of her.  
By the end of the exercise Melissa was oinking quite emphatically and was
  close to tears. She had paid a heavy price for her defiance as her knees were
  bruised from the crawling movement and she had received numerous lashes which
  were more intense than might otherwise be the case. Yet I was determined she
  would experience far more pain before the session was over as I can count on
  one hand the number of times a sub has addressed me as bitch.  
Much to my chagrin I then noticed that she was hyperventilating. A competent
  dominatrix must be alert for signs of abnormal breathing as the last thing
  desired is a medical emergency. Melissa stated she suffered from some type
  of asthmatic condition and needed to use a steroid inhaler. I found the inhaler,
  administered it for her and the breathing returned to normal. This meant that
  I would have to give her a temporary retrieve from her punishment which needless
  to say perturbed me greatly.  
After recuffing her hands in front of her and leaving her ankles hobbled
  I sat her on the couch where I proceeded to play the role of the benevolent
  and caring dominatrix however transparent it might be. I gently massaged her
  clit and got my first feel of her pussy region. Her pussy was shaved once again
  depriving me of one of my favorite forms of humiliation. The wench was dripping
  wet despite her terror and her fuck hole was as tight as I've seen. I then
  embraced her and forced some deep mouth kissing upon her noting that her passionate
  reaction was what I would expect from a lesbian wench.  
Melissa was in tears as she related a tale of childhood misery and now she
  felt she had failed in her attempt to establish herself as a domme. I've become
  calloused to such tales of woe but I pretended to be supportive. I assured
  her that her career as a domme was not precluded as had she known she would
  be subjected to such intense punishment she could have taken adequate medication
  in advance and further that such a reaction was unlikely if she were the domme..  
After a few minutes of ego stroking I had her in tears apologizing profusely
  for her disrespectful language. My instincts of course were to finish the punishment
  I had started but realistically I knew it would have to wait until another
  day. I assured Melissa that she would be rescheduled later in the week and
  if satisfied with her submissive performance I would procure a female sub for
  her. She accepted the offer and having regained her composure began the ninety
  minute drive back to Binghamton.  
Melissa's reschedule was not to be for another seven days and no clients
  were scheduled before that. It appeared I would be spending more time at my
  bar but a call from Mad Max requesting assistance with another of his bizarre
  encounters provided some relief.  
All of Mad Max's encounters are bizarre but this one even more so and his
  current proposal left me with an uneasy feeling. A wife of a sissy male had
  requested Max do her husband at their home that is to forcibly subject him
  to gay sex while she watched. With no way to entice the husband to Max's dungeon
  it left him with no choice but to perform the session at the clients home and
  he requested my presence primarily for security.  
My initial reaction was that Max's chronic met amphetamine use was impairing
  his judgment. However this was tempered by the fact that he had readily assisted
  me with the computer hacking scheme so I overcame my reservations and agreed
  to accompany him.  
The clients home was in Manlius and the plan called for Max and I to arrive
  there at a certain time and be greeted by the wife. She would then spring the
  surprise on her husband and he would be overpowered and subjected to forced
  sex by Max while his wife reveled in delight. One look at the bitch turned
  me off. She was a petite blond, about 5'2, not over 21, with blue bug eyes
  dressed in a tattered sweatshirt and jean shorts. Tobacco road trash was my
  impression. The hub was about 40 years old and of rather slinky build, about
  6' tall and no more than 150 pounds. His mannerisms were clearly effeminate
  but his wife insisted he had no prior gay sexual experiences. An odd couple
  indeed they looked more like father and daughter than husband and wife.  
After admitting us into the house Laurie bluntly told her husband, Jim, that
  he was to strip and that he would be tied up. He appeared more confused than
  stunned and Laurie repeated the command in a much louder tone. Jim quickly
  complied and there was no need to overpower him. As prearranged I hogtied him
  on the living room floor with rope carried in my purse and Max attached a ring
  gag which would enable him to involuntarily mouth fuck the hapless wimp.  
Evidently the stupid wimp thought that being tied up was all he would be
  subjected to but as Max returned naked from the bedroom after undressing Jim
  realized that we had other intentions and began struggling and squealing like
  a pig. Max quickly began the mouth fucking phase of the encounter. All the
  time this was taking place Laurie was giggling in a near hysterical manner
  and verbally trashing Jim's masculinity. The bitch gave me an uneasy feeling
  and I wished I could hogtie her and subject her to some strap on sex.  
By the time Max had climaxed Jim accepted inevitability and ceased his struggling.
  Max wasted no time commencing the ass fucking phase which lasted for nearly
  ten minutes. Jim continued to squeal but made no other effort to resist. The
  whole pathetic encounter ended in less than thirty minutes. Having been paid
  in advance Max removed the gag leaving the wimp hogtied at the mercy of his
  wife and we quickly departed. Even Max confided to being turned off by Laurie's
  disposition but needless to say he found the forced sex quite gratifying.  
At least I wasn't required to perform any sex acts upon the wimp. My assistance
  was a freebie in return for Max's earlier computer hacking. Max dropped me
  off at my bar and I decided to have some strong liquor to dull the thought
  of the nauseating Laurie and to eagerly anticipate Melissa's next session.  
END PART 8  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 9 by Long Tall Mary  
One of the milestones of my dominatrix career came just two years ago at
  the age of 48. Craig announced he was moving to Las Vegas hoping to establish
  himself in the adult entertainment industry there and in his absence needed
  someone to manage his suburban Syracuse BDSM bordello or "the hotel" as we
  affectionately refer to it. Given my experience and competence it was only
  natural that I was offered the position.  
Fortunately Jackie had developed into a first rate bar manager and I had
  no qualms about entrusting primary operation of my bar to her. She was no longer
  the airhead she once was and even had a steady relationship with a level headed
  male dom. Still girls just want to have fun and periodically Jackie would commit
  some transgression, intentionally I'm certain, that warranted punishment. She
  had developed a preference for caning and I was more than happy to oblige by
  taking her to a back room of the bar where she would assume the proper position
  in automaton style and receive whatever number of strokes I deemed appropriate.  
The hotel would continue to cater primarily to heterosexual male submissives.
  As manager I would not be actively involved in the individual sessions but
  would be responsible for the overall operation including hiring and of course
  disciplining the individual dominatrix. These functions while most enjoyable
  to a person of my disposition also presented formidable challenges.  
Regrettably Craig had established himself as a weak manager, one who could
  be manipulated by an assertive employee. Numerous employees who should have
  been fired stayed in the employ of the hotel because of Craig's weakness in
  this area. It was my intention to establish myself as a strict and uncompromising
  manager not hesitating to use my sadistic expertise.  
One of the first dominatrix to feel the sting was Felicia Porter whom I mentioned
  previously. She had been agitating for an increase in employee benefits. Presently
  a john paid $250.00 for a two and a half hour session with $100.00 going to
  Craig and the dominatrix keeping the balance. Felicia felt an employee should
  receive $200.00 for the session even if it necessitated charging the john $50.00
  more. For all his management weaknesses Craig had sufficient business acumen
  to realize such an increase would be counterproductive.  
Felicia was invited to my Camillus home on the pretense of a new management
  orientation session but I had much more in mind for her. Unfortunately in recent
  months I had been plagued by the aggravation of a old back injury and I feared
  limitations on my ability to subdue struggling wenches or johns. To compensate
  for this I invited Mad Max to participate as an "observer" although it would
  be unrealistic to expect Max not to have a hand in the physical action.  
The primary orientation of Mad Max was as a gay bondage trainer but he was
  more than willing on occasion to assist in the punishment of an errant female.
  He was nearly as legendary for his use of bizarre techniques upon females as
  he was upon males. One of the best known was when a guy hired Max to discipline
  his adulterous wife.. At the time Max worked for a funeral home as a driver
  and had a take home hearse. The terrified female was restrained in the back
  of the hearse next to a sealed coffin and driven to Max's dungeon for training.
  Max insists the coffin was empty but to this day many believe that it contained
  a body.  
Upon seeing Max upon arriving at my home Felicia intuitively knew what I
  had in store for her but knew better than to resist. Unassisted I was able
  to strip her and attach her with leather cuffs to the overhead bar in my basement
  dungeon. After an intense flagellation session lasting nearly an hour Felicia
  agreed to cease agitating for increased employee pay in exchange for her continued
  employment at the hotel. Just for good measure I let her spend the night in
  my jail cell and I made certain she was exposed to a steady flow of gospel
  music as had proved so effective in her previous session. No one ever accused
  Long Tall Mary of lacking in sadistic and individualized imagination.  
With Felicia having realized the error of her ways I had to interview the
  remaining dominatrix and make a determination as whom to retain. Pam, the former
  Turning Stone hooker who had been referred for training to me by Craig previously,
  quit rather than submit to my management. Next in line for the axe was Jill
  who was essentially a submissive imitating a dominatrix. The other three staff
  dominatrix were retained leaving two vacancies.  
Filling a dominatrix vacancy is not an easy matter. You simply don't run
  an employment add in the Syracuse Post-Standard but must rely primarily on
  word of mouth grapevine referrals. Such a referral came to my attention with
  the prospective dominatrix being a 23 year old burlesque dancer from Rochester.  
Cheryl was essentially a heterosexual who had served in a submissive role
  in her relationship with her live in boyfriend but who was interested in serving
  as a dominatrix to males. I invited Cheryl to my home for a visit with the
  understanding she could expect to audition.  
Cheryl arrived precisely as scheduled, was fashionably attired in a short
  dress with calf length boots, well made up and sporting a very sluttish blond
  hair style which complimented her 5'9, 140 pound figure quite well. She made
  an immediate favorable impression and from speaking to and observing her I
  felt she clearly had the right stuff to be a dominatrix. Ordinarily I would
  subject an inexperienced dominatrix to a period of submissive training but
  in this case I decided it wasn't necessary.  
Arrangements were made for her to audition at the hotel in my presence. The
  lucky john would be Doug a 40ish accountant from Oswego. He had been a regular
  customer for nearly two years but his dominatrix had been Jill whom I had just
  dismissed for not being sufficiently aggressive. As a reward for customer loyalty
  Doug was only charged $100.00 for his session with Cheryl due to her apprentice
  status. For Cheryl it was a freebie.  
In the business the individual dominatrix is free to adjust her performance
  style to the requests of the john within reason. Most of the time a happy medium
  is reached except for dominatrix such as myself who thrive on bizarre unpredictability.
  I generally try to learn what the john dislikes the most and then subject him
  to that. For example one john detested cross dressing so needless to say I
  forced it upon him. My attitude cost me a few customers over the years but
  this was offset by new customers who craved my reputation.  
Cheryl immediately took charge of the session involving Doug and displayed
  extreme competence as she subjected him to leashing, cbt, ass licking, flagellation
  and various restraint positions. When he attempted to lick her pussy instead
  of her asshole she delivered a painful stroke to his cock with her crop and
  warned him never to make contact with her pussy without permission. For Doug
  accustomed to the comparatively gentle style of Jill it was a welcome change.
  She seemed to have that innate ability to take a sub to the upper threshold
  of his pain limit and I suspected she had prior experience as a dominatrix
  which she wasn't revealing. None the less I offered her employment which she
  accepted indicating she would continue to reside in Rochester for the time
  being commuting three or four days a week.  
After the session was offer and the john had left Cheryl was approached by
  the Jolly Roger who was one of the security guards at the hotel. They remain
  upstairs discretely out of sight and respond to the dungeon only if summoned
  by the dominatrix who pushes a button. The rotund and balding Jolly Roger was
  in the habit of making passes at the various dominatrix such as squeezing their
  boobs or grabbing their crouch and a few of them tolerated it as inevitable
  sexual harassment in the workplace.  
Not so with Cheryl. As he squeezed her tit she responded by kneeing him in
  the groin and sending him to the floor in writhing pain. She then proceeded
  to grab him by the hair and very forcefully informed him that his next such
  transgression would result in permanent damage to his genital functioning.
  The Jolly Roger never recovered from this humiliation and quit shortly thereafter
  earning Cheryl the gratitude of the other dominatrix who despised the slovenly
  self styled Don Juan who bore more a resemblance to Friar Tuck of Robin Hood
  fame.  
END PART 9  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 10 by Long Tall Mary  
One of my major concerns as managing dominatrix are legal namely being arrested.
  In the business being arrested is an occupational hazard despite the best of
  precautions. The hotel is located in a sparsely populated suburban area and
  to promote good will with the two closest neighbors Craig gratuitously provides
  snow plowing services utilizing a maintenance employee from one of his apartment
  complexes. A distinctive traffic signal style green light is situated in the
  living room window to minimize the possibility of a customer going to the wrong
  house.  
Prior to moving Craig opened an escrow account which can be used only for
  certain purposes one of which is to retain legal counsel for any employee arrested
  in the course of their work as well as for bail. I strictly enforce Craig's
  long standing prohibition on drug use or sales by any employee or customer
  at the hotel.  
It was a violation of this rule that led to my first employee discipline
  case. Word got out that Cheryl was offering marijuana for sale to her customers
  and it was only a matter of time before the cops came crashing in with a search
  warrant, an occurrence that could be devastating to our BDSM business. The
  cops tend to ignore our discrete type of business and focus mainly on street
  walkers and massage parlors but once they learn of a drug operation it's a
  different ball game. From what I had seen of Cheryl I knew that disciplining
  her would not be easy and once again I called upon Mad Max for assistance.  
Cheryl was instructed to report to my home on the pretense of having a session
  with a new submissive customer. She arrived clad in a sweatshirt and jeans
  carrying her professional attire in a bag. I greeted her in the garage and
  swiftly cuffed her hands behind her, my expertise at this technique most likely
  averted a struggle. She immediately demanded that I remove the cuffs but I
  ignored her and led her to the basement where she caught her first glimpse
  of Mad Max.  
Introducing her to Max clearly deflated her self confident haughty demeanor
  as she was aware of his reputation for bizarre and demented cruelty. I promptly
  read her the riot act, if she wished to remain an employee she would submit
  to a punishment session in my dungeon and if not I would turn her over to Max
  for transport to his dungeon. While Max no longer had a hearse, having heard
  that story and knowing of his reputation for such bizarre techniques almost
  certainly influenced her decision. Cheryl was a tough bitch but realized that
  submission at my dungeon and on my terms was the lesser of two evils.  
Since Cheryl had no experience being submissive to a female I decided that
  strap on sex was an appropriate form of discipline for her. Max was content
  to use a bull whip upon her, a technique I have never used. After she was stripped
  and attached with leather cuffs to the overhead bar Max commenced the whipping.
  In a sense I almost felt sorry for Cheryl as this form of flagellation is extremely
  painful even if it doesn't leave permanent scars. Fortunately Max was experienced
  enough to inflict maximal pain while avoiding the scarring.  
After about fifteen minutes of the whip I decided to tactfully intervene
  and announce that it was time for strap on training. Actually I was concerned
  that she was close to her upper threshold of pain, my ability to assess this
  being superior. Unfortunately Max's ability in this respect is somewhat lacking
  and I don't want any of my submissives being hospitalized or worse.  
From what I had learned Cheryl's submissive background was somewhat limited.
  One of her previous boyfriends was what I would characterize as a non sexual
  sadist or just the plain ordinary wife beating type. After a night of drinking
  he would vent his anger by slapping, punching, or using a belt on her then
  tie her to the bed for the night while denying her sex.  
I find this type of low life male to be despicable and savor the thought
  of having one as my submissive but they never seem to find their way to my
  dungeon. This does not mean I feel compassion for Cheryl. To the contrary I
  must identify the form of punishment that will cause her the most humiliation
  and in her case forced lesbian sex was most appropriate.  
After a brief break I began my strap on penetrations to Cheryl's asshole.
  It soon became evident she was unaccustomed to such penetrations and I purposely
  made them more painful than I might with another customer as she needed to
  be taught a lesson. Cheryl was soon begging me to cease and it was apparent
  she was not experiencing the arousal that most submissives customarily do.
  Orgasm denial is a potent tool for the dominatrix but that option is limited
  if the submissive is not responsive and in this case I suspect it was an act
  of defiance. Breaking this bitch would not be as easy as I had expected as
  she was calloused to pain.  
After an exhaustive strap on workout I decided she had received enough pain
  for the day but I had another form of punishment in store for her, one she
  could take home. My super chastity belt had been gathering dust and requiring
  Cheryl to wear it for two days might just be the way to break her. This belt
  is tamper proof, only a special computer chip key will unlock it and a locksmith
  would be unable to make one. The fit is so snug that even superficial finger
  masturbation is impossible.  
Her reaction to this form of punishment was less than jubilant but it did
  provide relief from the excruciating tortures she had been subjected to. However
  her humiliation for the day was not complete as I made her kneel and use her
  tongue to lick first my pussy and then my asshole. I sensed she was ready to
  rebel against my orders but with Max still present she complied without balking.
  Her displeasure at being forced to engage in this demeaning form of sex was
  obvious which only served to enhance my pleasure. While strap on sex is extremely
  gratifying it does not compare to the pleasure of an orgasm induced by a submissive
  serving me with her tongue.  
Cheryl was allowed to leave with instructions to return on Friday for removal
  of the belt at which time she would be subjected to an attitude assessment.
  Until then she and her current boyfriend would be deprived of the use of her
  primary sex port something that only enhanced my sadistic sense of pleasure.
  She could have refused of course but her employment status would then be terminated.
  Dominatrix earned $150.00 tax free for a 2 &frac12; hour session and in a good
  week could easily earn $600.00. This consideration invariably induced the employee
  to accept whatever punishment I saw fit to impose however painful and repugnant
  it might be.  
The next item on my agenda was the practice of so called financial domination.
  This is a form of bondage that is essentially public humiliation minus the
  infliction of physical pain. In a typical scenario a sub is collared and led
  on a leash in a shopping mall or other public place by the dominatrix. The
  sub is charged the same rate as for a 2 &frac12; hour dungeon session but payment
  is in the form of buying gifts for the dominatrix. Of this the hotel receives
  only $50.00 making it quite attractive for the dominatrix. Male subs frequently
  cross dress to avoid being recognized while participating in this game.  
Personally I was opposed to the practice but I could never convince Craig
  to prohibit it. What prompted my current concern was that two days earlier
  Felicia Porter took a male cross dressed sub on a collar and leash to the Carousel
  Mall and was ordered by security to leave. She became involved in a heated
  argument with security and narrowly avoided being arrested. Such an arrest
  could easily trigger an investigation that would lead to the demise of our
  hotel operation. I was finally able to persuade Craig to prohibit the practice
  and the employees were immediately notified of this.  
Felicia was directed to appear at my home dungeon on Saturday for a personal
  counseling session. With Cheryl due on Friday I was anticipating a very enjoyable
  weekend.  
END PART 10  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 11 by Long Tall Mary  
It was early Thursday morning when the cell phone rang and I recognized the
  caller as Cheryl less than 12 hours after I had fitted her chastity belt. She
  and her boyfriend had a bad fight and she was fearful of living with him any
  longer not to mention that landlord eviction was imminent. Could she stay with
  me for a few days until she could find a place to reside in the Syracuse area.
  It is difficult to deny such a request but I made it clear to her that sexual
  tribute was expected in addition to performing house maid duties.  
Shortly before 9:00AM Cheryl arrived looking haggard and dejected after being
  up all night and I assisted her in carrying her belongings into the house.
  After offering her some food and drink I instructed her to remove her clothes
  and kneel before me as I sat on the living room couch smiling as I noted the
  chastity belt still intact. Chuckling I told her that she was now being served
  dessert in the flavor of my pussy and she performed quite vigorously with her
  tongue for nearly ten minutes. It is always a pleasure to be served in this
  manner so early in the day.  
Once again it was time to utilize my well honed acting ability and assume
  the role of the caring and compassionate dominatrix that I am viscerally incapable
  of being. I had Cheryl sit on the couch next to me and as I placed my arm around
  her she cuddled close to me. We then commiserated over her plight and I did
  my best to appear emotionally supportive. Despite her drug transgressions she
  was clearly a financial asset to the business and I simply couldn't afford
  to loose her services at least at this time.  
 As I proceeded to deep mouth kissing it was the first time Cheryl was accepting
  physical intimacy with another female. Such bitches need to be rewarded for
  such behavior and her reward was the removal of the dreaded chastity belt.
  It took me but thirty seconds of applying a vibrator into her liberated pussy
  before she exploded in orgasmic delight.  
I then showed her to the guest room where she could obtain some much needed
  sleep and was instructed that upon awakening she would don a maids uniform
  and perform a long list of household tasks. It was clear to me that Cheryl
  would be in servitude to me both physically and emotionally for the immediate
  future and I prided myself on having broken the spirit of the bitch.  
Such was not the case with Felicia Porter who despite previous punishment
  sessions persisted in her errant ways, the incident at the Carousel Mall with
  security being the most recent. As she arrived for her Saturday appointment
  she was attired shabbily in sweatpants and a sweatshirt in place of her customary
  miniskirt. As she was well aware of my dress code expectations one could only
  conclude she was a glutton for punishment.  
My attire was also different from customary. I wore a pair of leotards with
  an exposed crouch and a bikini, the exposed crouch served notice to Felicia
  of what uses I had planned for her mouth. Without prompting she placed her
  hands together behind her back knowing my ritual of handcuffing in the garage.
  This accomplished I led her by the arm to the basement where she undressed
  without protest.  
I decided that a lengthy period of solitary reflection would be an appropriate
  way to commence the session and Felicia was placed in my pillory device standing
  her arms and head secured inside separate holes. To provide for some erotic
  agony I inserted dildos into both her sex ports then activated the vaginal
  vibrator on low speed. I did not use a crotch chain to secure the devices as
  I normally do but Felicia was well aware of the consequences should either
  intruder be expelled.  
Being a devoted fan of the Syracuse University football team I wasn't about
  to let Felicia keep me from viewing the Orangemen on television so I left her
  alone and went upstairs to the living room to watch. Cheryl was still toiling
  in her maids uniform scrubbing the kitchen floor. As she had been performing
  her household duties quite diligently I gave her a temporary respite and we
  cuddled together on the couch just in time for the opening kickoff.  
END PART 11  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 12 by Long Tall Mary  
It was an enjoyable first half watching the Orangemen on television. After
  a few minutes of permitting Cheryl to sit next to me on the couch and embracing
  her I decided it was time for some additional light humiliation so still wearing
  her maids uniform I ordered her to kneel on the floor hands laced behind her
  head and remain in that position until released. Her obedience was flawless
  so at the end of the first half I allowed her to leave as she needed to find
  an apartment locally.  
Next I turned my attention to Felicia Porter who was still locked in the
  pillory in the basement. My video monitor is arranged so that I can view the
  dungeon using my living room television and during the commercials I would
  change the channel by remote control enabling me to view Felicia in her most
  uncomfortable bondage. Upon going to the basement I found the intruders still
  intact with the vaginal one buzzing on low. Felicia who should have known better
  than to speak without permission begged me to release her. This was greeted
  by a most severe flogger lash to her pussy region with a reminder that the
  no speak rule was still in effect.  
I wasn't about to miss the second half of the game and not wishing to watch
  alone meant Felicia would be transferred upstairs. After buckling a collar
  around her neck she was released from the pillory and I promptly bound her
  hands behind her. Leaving the intruders intact I attached a leash to the collar
  and led her upstairs to the living room where I had a most pleasurable position
  in mind for her, my pleasure that is.  
Sitting on the couch with my crotchless leotards Felicia was ordered to kneel
  on the floor facing me. After attaching a belt around my waist I used a plastic
  tie to connect the ring on the front of her collar to the ring on my belt.
  This resulted in her face completely exposed to my pussy and the tie was adjusted
  so she had no more four inches of movement without choking herself. She would
  remain in that position until the end of the game and she was required to lick
  my pussy with her tongue almost constantly. Two quarters and numerous climaxes
  later I decided it was time to release her.  
Had it not been for the engagement I had planned for the evening Felicia
  would have spent the night in my cage. I gave her a stern warning that her
  next disciplinary transgression would result in termination of her employment
  but I was being less than honest and she knew it. Felicia was the top income
  generator at the hotel and I already had one dominatrix vacancy that I had
  been unable to fill. Today's punishment session merely reinforced my belief
  that Felicia was a pain slut and I had no doubt she would be back for another
  session in the near future.  
My main evening engagement was one that promised to generate more customers
  for my personal dungeon. I had received an inquiry from a local female psychiatrist
  who was exploring the feasibility of bondage as a therapeutic modality. This
  was the same doctor who some time back had sent her house mate to me for disciplinary
  training. I had invited the doctor, I'll just use her first name, Juanita,
  to my home for a personal dungeon tour but she declined that offer as well
  as meeting at my bar so we ended up agreeing on a Starbucks hardly my favorite
  type of place.  
With the exception of my friend Newhart most psychiatrists that I have known
  over the years tend to be on the unconventional side and Dr. Juanita fit this
  mold wearing a ridiculously long skirt and baggy sweater coupled with horn
  rim glasses and her brown hair in a bun. About 40 years old she would have
  looked better wearing a Muslim burqa. Starbucks was crowded with at least a
  thirty minute seating wait and it would have been impossible to find a table
  where we could speak freely. Finally I was able to persuade her to meet at
  my bar.  
At the bar I invited her into my personal office after having Jackie serve
  us drinks I tried to humor the situation by remarking that her drink was not
  spiked with a Mickey Finn but she failed to appreciate it. Her interest was
  in referring some of her female patients for bondage therapy assuring me that
  they would all be diagnosed neurotics, in other words no psychos. One of her
  concerns was that she retain the right to prescribe the form of bondage. Needless
  to say I resent such third party oversight but not wishing to jeopardize the
  arrangement I acquiesced to the request.  
Evidently the liquor had the desirable effect of easing her inhibitions and
  finally I was able to persuade her to visit my dungeon for a tour. I had wasted
  nearly three hours of my precious time but we departed my bar and I drove Dr.
  Juanita in my car to my home. In short time the good doctor was stripped down
  to her bra and panties and attached with leather cuffs to the overhead bar
  in the dungeon.  
Juanita was quickly proving to be a querulous bitch refusing to strip completely
  naked and insisting on wearing her glasses. Only my desire not to jeopardize
  her patient referrals kept me from treating her harshly. As I proceeded to
  give her the basic flogger workout she babbled incessantly about such non relevant
  topics as regression analysis and assorted psychoanalytic theories. I finally
  tired of this and strapped a penis gag into place on her and evoking her only
  vehement reaction of the session.  
Experience has shown that the majority of lesbians will rebel at taking the
  penis gag even though they will tolerate other types of gags presumably because
  of their disdain for the male cock. Juanita was no exception but I made her
  keep it in place for nearly five minutes and it did have the effect of stopping
  her babble.  
Sexually the session was proving not to be arousing for either Juanita or
  myself. Her responses both to my lashes and finger explorations of her pussy
  region were anticlimactic with a need for lubricant readily apparent. I couldn't
  help but think that the bitch should seek an endocrinology consultation and
  that some type of hormonal therapy might improve her sexual appeal.  
At any rate the session lasted less than thirty minutes and it was one of
  the few dominatrix sessions I truly did not enjoy. Trying hard to conceal my
  disgust I drove her back to my bar as she continued her psychobabble for the
  whole trip but assured me I would receive my first patient referral next week.
  Nearly two years later I'm still waiting.  
One of my more enjoyable sessions over the years involved a husband and wife
  who sought a joint bondage session ideally both by a dominatrix and male dom.
  Mad Max readily accepted my offer to participate in the session at my personal
  dungeon as I would never attempt an encounter with a hub/wife couple alone.
  The couple was from the Utica area and both school teachers. Michael, the hub,
  was 30 and taught high school math, the wife, Sylvia was 28 and taught elementary
  school.  
Both claimed to have had some light bondage experience between themselves
  but were willing to explore bisexual bondage and I suspected they would find
  the bizarre and sadistic techniques that are the trademarks of Max and myself
  to be quite a change. They had no qualms about paying for the session and my
  customers always get their moneys worth. They arrived as scheduled the hub
  being a rather good looking 5'9 medium build blonde and the wife a rather petit
  brunette about 5'3. They looked younger than their stated ages and could probably
  have passed for a high school couple.  
Max was shirtless and wearing his leather pants while I wore black vinyl
  slacks with an exposed crouch and a matching vinyl bikini. We quickly escorted
  the submissive couple to the basement where they were ordered to strip and
  a collar was attached to each.  
I suspect that the couple was hoping that each would be dominated by the
  opposite sex but Max has little affinity for female submissives, He wasted
  no time handcuffing Michael and ordering him to perform a blow job from the
  kneeling position. It was the first of a number of surprises the young submissive
  couple would receive.  
One of my newer furniture acquisitions was my "wheel of fortune" this being
  basically a St. Andrews X frame cross enclosed within a wooden rim and capable
  of being rotated 360 degrees although not nearly as quickly as Vanessa would
  do so. After Michael was attached to the overhead bar with leather cuffs Sylvia
  was strapped to the cross facing forward and quickly found herself upside down
  and commanded to use her tongue on my pussy as I knelt before her. Dizziness
  quickly occurs in this position and most certainly this motivated Sylvia to
  perform vigorously with her tongue. This was the first time I had been so serviced
  by a sub in this position and knowing the discomfort Sylvia was experiencing
  only enhanced my gratification.  
Her diligence with her tongue was rewarded as I rotated the wheel so that
  she reverted to the heads up position in time avoid unconsciousness. After
  attaching nipple clamps connected by a chain I turned my attention to Michael
  and began stroking his cock resulting in a prompt and rigid erection. Max meantime
  was applying lubricant to Michael's anal region and preparing to ass fuck him.
  I suspect that both of the love birds were quite terrified but their pride
  prevented them from expressing protest. At any rate the night was still young
  and we had much more planned for them.  
END PART 12  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 13 by Long Tall Mary  
The vast majority of male subs that I deal with are lowly and despicable,
  completely unworthy of inserting their cock into my fuck hole but in a rare
  case I will relent and permit this. I was developing an attraction towards
  Michael even as Max was ass fucking him from the rear.  
After Max withdrew I had him remove Michael from the overhead and transferred
  him to a bound spread eagled position on his back lying on the floor. This
  enabled me to face sit upon him with my fuck hole only centimeters from his
  mouth. The majority of male subs cannot resist the temptation to use their
  tongue on this port and Michael quickly succumbed. It is an absolute no no
  to in any way touch a dominatrix pussy without permission and the normal punishment
  is a series of strokes to the cock with a riding crop and then force the sub
  use to his tongue on my asshole.  
My response was to deliver one stern lash to his cock and require him to
  lick my asshole. He would have received more cock lashes but I wanted him inside
  me. With his erection still quite hard I mounted him from above and inserted
  his cock and began of series of varied speed thrusts. It must have indeed been
  humiliating for his helpless wife to watch, still strapped to the cross especially
  as Michael was making loud and passionate erotic moaning sounds. Orgasm denial
  is a part of my technique and I kept him inside me for nearly ten minutes before
  he was allowed to climax.  
Ordinarily my submissive training session begins with the emphasis on basic
  obedience such as proper speech, posture and leashing exercises but in this
  case we had not done so. We would use both sexually for hours and had tentatively
  decided to confine them overnight at the dungeon.  
I was very much wanted to keep Michael for the night in my upstairs bedroom
  but Max was equally desirous of Michael sharing another bed with him. Sylvia
  wasn't really a turn on for me and certainly not for Michael but I do enjoy
  bedding subs in my room overnight on occasion and wasn't about to argue with
  Max. Sylvia would be kept in my bedroom.  
I decided it was time to begin the obedience training. Max would handle Sylvia
  during this phase and I would handle Michael, this being Max's high point of
  heterosexual bondage participation. Sylvia was taken down from the cross, a
  leash attached to her collar and she was ordered to crawl about the basement
  barking like a dog. Max was quite short tempered with the speed of her movement
  and she received numerous lashes with the flogger before completing the exercise.
  After this she was required to stand and recite various remarks such "as I'm
  a worthless slut", likewise Max wasn't satisfied with her responses and she
  indeed receive an unusually heavy dose of pain as a result.  
After removing Michael from his spread eagled position I bound his wrists
  behind him, attached a collar to the leash and led him upstairs deciding it
  would be a good idea to train him out of sight of his wife. Normally I don't
  bind the sub for this phase of the training but I was concerned that Michael
  might be nearing his breaking point. By keeping him in restraint this would
  discourage any attempt at resistance on his part something that would result
  in harsh reprisals by Max.  
My treatment of Michael was gentle compared to what Sylvia was experiencing
  and I concentrated on the oral recitation exercises. His erection was still
  quite rigid and I still hoped to have it inside my pussy again before the night
  was out. So far he had not been subjected to any CBT but with Max this was
  inevitable. Once applied Max would leave one of his cock torture devices in
  place for hours effectively denying me the use of the cock for penetration.  
Having completed the basic obedience exercises Max and I decided to watch
  some porn videos upstairs in the living room. Max had cross dressed Michael
  and he was clad in a garter belt, stockings, heels and a brunette wig something
  obviously humiliating when in the presence of your wife.  
 Our submissive guests would hear but not see the videos as they were positioned
  on their knees facing us as we sat together on the couch. Using one of my favorite
  positions each had their collar attached to a waist belt that we each wore.
  Michael's mouth was forced to within a hair length of Max's cock and Sylvia's
  mouth was likewise positioned with respect to my pussy. Each had their wrists
  bound behind them and Michael was fitted with a ring gag allowing Max to mouth
  fuck him at will.  
We watched the video for nearly an hour and each of took our share of oral
  liberties with our respective immobilized sub. By this time I'm certain they
  realized that their session would be much more intensive than they initially
  believed but considering we only charged them for three hours an overnight
  stay was a terrific bargain. My subs always get their moneys worth no matter
  how much they may object to their individual regimens.  
Having watched enough video we decided to retire to our individual bedrooms.
  Sylvia was failing to arouse me but I made the best of it and subjected her
  to some anal strap on penetrations before tiring. It was indeed frustrating
  that she was experiencing arousal but that it somehow eluded me. She spent
  the rest of the night in my double bed with a five foot chain tethering her
  collar to the head of the bed. A belt with leather cuffs at the sides assured
  that she would cause no mischief and a 12" pair of steel leg irons completed
  her bondage. I decided not to allow her the pleasure of any dildos. For spite
  several times during the night I would masturbate her clit by hand and then
  stop just short of her climaxing. A strip of duct tape over her mouth stymied
  her efforts to beg for release.  
Sylvia slept in relative comfort compared to her husband.. Max attached one
  of his cock restrainers to Michael and it would stay in place for the night.
  This was complimented by a unlubricated butt plug which proved quite difficult
  and painful to insert much to Max's delight. His restraint was identical to
  Sylvia's except that he was only permitted a two feet tether chain severely
  restricting his movement. He remained ring gagged assuring he could breath
  adequately while unable to speak. It also permitted Max to mouth fuck him at
  his pleasure throughout the night.  
By morning each of our guests was thoroughly ravaged and I strongly suspected
  they would not be return customers. Frankly I'm not concerned as the sub exists
  for the pleasure of the dominatrix/dom and any pleasure the sub may experience
  is incidental. For every sub who doesn't return another will.  
Our guests were allowed to shower and then released about 8:00AM.Neither
  Max or myself had any engagements for the rest of the day or evening and I
  decided perhaps it was time to procure a sub for my own use on short notice.  
END PART 13  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 14 by Long Tall Mary  
This is the final chapter of this series and I'd like to devote it to describing
  my current state of affairs as well as a brief "where are they now" epilog.  
I'm now 50 years old and about a year ago I retired as managing dominatrix
  for Craig's "hotel". Against my recommendation he promoted Cheryl to this position
  and she soon reverted to her drug dealing ways. The hotel was raided by the
  feds and the property is now owned by the federal government and will be auctioned
  off.  
Cheryl is serving a 3 year prison term on drug charges and Craig is facing
  tax evasion charges in Las Vegas. The Syracuse dominatrix scene consists of
  a handful of independents who rent space in a crack infested neighborhood of
  South Syracuse. It is only a matter of time before it folds.  
Mad Max was indicted by the feds on meth trafficking charges but went on
  the lam. His whereabouts are unknown but it is rumored he is living with some
  satanic cult group in New Mexico, the cult reportedly is a mutant of the Branch
  Davidians.  
Jackie is one of the few characters to be leading a happy life. She parted
  on good terms as my bar manager about a year ago and is now married to a pharmacist
  and has two children. Her hub isn't into bondage but Jackie still has that
  urge to be punished and about once a month visits my dungeon for a mild corporal
  session.  
I've been dating my psychiatrist friend "Newhart" on a regular basis. He
  has overcome his mental block of me as a dominatrix and our conventional sex
  life is quite satisfactory. He has no interest in BDSM and simply avoids my
  basement when he visits.  
As for my own bondage practice I've cut back sharply and only have two or
  three sessions a month with long standing female clients. My bar business continues
  to prosper and I've been doing quite well on the stock market.  
The legacy of Long Tall Mary will long endure in Central New York.  
THE END  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 15 by Long Tall Mary  
It had been a year since the demise of Craig's suburban BDSM bordello better
  known as "the hotel" and with it the demise of dominatrix BDSM in the Syracuse
  area.  
Several of Craig's former dominatrix had attempted to set up an operation
  by renting space in a crime infested area of South Syracuse but it was doomed
  from the beginning. They failed to hire security and consequently one dominatrix
  was overpowered by a male dom pretending to be a submissive and subjected to
  some very sadistic treatment. In addition several clients were either mugged
  or had their vehicles stolen or vandalized in the course of patronizing the
  makeshift dungeon. Combined with personality clashes and in fighting amongst
  the dominatrix the operation lasted less than three months.  
Nine months later no organized dominatrix scene existed in the area. At the
  time my bar business was continuing to prosper and I had a few clients, mostly
  females, whom I entertained at my home dungeon. My intimate heterosexual relationship
  with "Newhart", the psychiatrist, had ended. We were still on speaking terms
  but had mutually agreed that we were incompatible in terms of a long term relationship.  
Several area dominatrix and former clients were urging me to establish my
  own bordello "hotel" separate from my home dungeon. They realized, quite correctly
  of course, that a person of my superb managerial and professional competence
  was necessary for such an operation to succeed. After giving the matter a great
  deal of thought my ego got the better of me and I decided to pursue the venture.  
Fortunately my financial status enabled me to obtain a mortgage for a home
  in a rural area of suburban Clay that I considered suitable for business purposes
  and additionally it was necessary to make significant expenditures to furnish
  a basement dungeon. The next step was to hire competent and reliable staff
  dominatrix as well as security.  
I decided that the business would cater to gay submissives as well as heterosexual
  male submissives. Craig had long been resistant to this idea but at the time
  his hotel was in operation the local gay bondage scene was dominated by the
  psychopathic Mad Max and two of his associates, all three utilized Max's well
  equipped personal dungeon. When Max became a fugitive and left the area his
  associates were deprived of his dungeon and their business floundered. I felt
  both associates were sufficiently competent at their trade and I offered them
  staff positions which they accepted.  
Another change I made was in the pay structure for the dominatrix. The price
  of a 2 &frac12; hour session remained at $250.00 but whereas with Craig the
  dominatrix received $150.00 of that they would now receive $175.00. I decided
  that the market would not support a higher customer fee but that a pay increase
  was essential to good staff morale.  
For quality assurance purposes I outfitted the dungeon with a web cam. This
  enables me to monitor activities in the dungeon from my home 15 miles away
  without anyone being aware of when I am watching. The employees are aware of
  the web cam but are strictly forbidden to mention it to customers. The web
  cam does not come close to matching the closed circuit TV system I use at my
  home dungeon. This features both audio and visual of the dungeon and I can
  view it on my regular TV upstairs with a flick of the remote. Since my home
  guests are occasionally confined overnight this system is invaluable.  
The most important and by far the most difficult part of the business is
  hiring competent and reliable dominatrix. Two of the former Hotel dominatrix
  were retained, the rest were either unavailable or I adjudged them unsuitable
  leaving two to be recruited. Only two candidates applied with neither having
  any verifiable dominatrix experience. I scheduled interviews for both at my
  home dungeon with instructions to dress for the interview in business clothes
  and to bring dominatrix attire on the side.  
In a case where someone has no such experience it is my practice to require
  them to undergo a submissive session with me as the dominatrix. If they meet
  my satisfaction they are permitted to audition on a sub that I provide. They
  are not made aware they will serve as a submissive until they arrive for the
  interview which makes for some vehement reactions much to my sadistic delight.
  I feel this method is necessary to weed out any visceral submissives who will
  eventually result in unsatisfied and lost customers. My experience has shown
  perfect judgment in detecting such subs.  
My first interview scheduled was with a prospect named Linda who was commonly
  known by her nick name, Bam Bam. At 32 years old, 5'4 and 190 pounds the short
  haired brunette did indeed bear a resemblance to the cartoon character of the
  stone age comedy series. She appeared as scheduled for her interview dressed
  in a dark blue pants suit and white blouse with her dominatrix outfit in a
  travel bag.  
For Bam Bam to audition I arranged for one of my long term male clients,
  Fred, to be the submissive. Unknown to Bam Bam was that while she interviewed
  in my living room Fred lie naked and hogtied in my bedroom chomping on a pair
  of my panties and eagerly awaiting a freebie, that being his reward for customer
  loyalty. I couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of a guy named Fred being
  dominated by a woman named Bam Bam.  
The interview progressed smoothly and I elicited that Bam Bam was a lesbian
  man hater. My experience has shown that while the majority of dominatrix are
  hetero or bisexual that such lesbian types generally do well with male submissives.
  After a rather brief interview I informed Bam Bam that it was time for her
  to be a submissive and while she readily acquiesced her reaction was less than
  enthusiastic. She was shown to the dungeon where after stripping I proceeded
  to weigh her and take her measurements using a tape measure. A little humiliation
  never hurt anyone and I couldn't resist commenting that her thunder hips and
  thighs could be classified as a deadly weapon for face sitting purposes.  
Bam Bam performed satisfactorily as I put her through my usual regimen starting
  with being led crawling around the basement floor with collar and leash. While
  I was tempted to have her make some primeval sounds I settled for pig sounds
  which she performed without need for the lash. After that she was attached
  to the overhead bar with leather cuffs and given the basic flogger workout.
  From her rather stoic reaction I sensed that she was a pain slut although she
  denied any submissive experience during the interview.  
With the flogger portion complete I prepared for the strap on portion but
  not without first attaching a face harness with a penis gag. As expected for
  a lesbian she rebelled against the rubber intruder but it went in none the
  less.  
I purposely made the strap on intrusions into her asshole more painful than
  usual and I finally reached her pain thresh hold which was remarkably high.  
Bam Bam's submissive session lasted about a half hour by which time I felt
  she was ready to audition on Fred. She changed into a two piece black vinyl
  dominatrix outfit while I went upstairs to retrieve Fred. Releasing him from
  his hog tie I led him by collar and leash to the basement where he was quite
  surprised to find the hefty Bam Bam scowling as he approached.  
For this type of session I allow the dominatrix to choose the position for
  her sub and she chose to attach Fred doggy style to my floor bondage board.
  Her treatment of him was awesomely brutal and it was necessary for me to admonish
  her about the intensity of her lashes. Fred was a valued customer but regardless
  I don't want any of them being permanently scarred. Bam Bam was equally brutal
  in her strap on intrusions and use of CBT. I halted the session after less
  than thirty minutes in the best interests of Fred and he left rather pleasantly
  and most definitely surprised.  
I then offered Bam Bam conditional employment as a dominatrix meaning that
  I would oversee her first few sessions to assure that she was not overly brutal
  in her style. In addition I retained the power to dictate her attire and hair
  style which I don't normally do but felt it warranted because of shabbiness
  on her part. She begrudgingly accepted these conditions.  
Another concern as owner and managing dominatrix was the quality of security.
  In the past Craig somehow ended up hiring the bottom of the barrel and certain
  of the security people made improper advances towards the dominatrix. By raising
  the pay scale for security I was able to attract some more acceptable candidates
  and it was made clear to each that no sexual advances of any type were permitted
  with either dominatrix or customers. Even a dominatrix is entitled to a workplace
  free of sexual harassment.  
END PART 15  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 16 by Long Tall Mary  
My next dominatrix candidate proved to be quite a surprise. Mary Chiang,
  age 22, a petite looker type of Chinese ethnicity appeared for her interview
  dressed neatly in a business suit. The interview quickly elicited that her
  living situation was quite unconventional. A Chinese citizen she was in the
  United States on a visa while her husband, also Chinese, was attending the
  local university as a graduate student in nuclear physics and I couldn't help
  wondering if they were involved in some international espionage operation.
  Since our staff had always lacked ethnic and racial diversity I was determined
  to be objective and besides she was the only candidate. It was only natural
  that she would acquire the moniker Chinese Mary to distinguish her from myself.  
Chinese Mary was quite impressive during the interview. She readily conceded
  she was a heterosexual with no prior bondage experience but I sensed she might
  have the right dynamics for a dominatrix. At the conclusion of the interview
  I informed her that she would now be serving as a submissive to myself and
  she exhibited no displeasure at the prospect. I took her to the basement and
  had her undress, she appeared quite attentive to the various dungeon furnishings.  
Ordinarily I begin such a session with leashing exercises but in this case
  I decided to forego that while still buckling a thick collar around her neck.
  I had changed into my crotch less vinyl tights and seated on the couch with
  Chinese Mary kneeling before me she received what was probably her first taste
  of female pussy. She performed vigorously with her tongue for nearly ten minutes
  and it being the first time I had been so served by an Asian female I found
  it unusually pleasurable. After finishing with my pussy I directed her to begin
  on my asshole with she readily complied with although I'm certain she found
  it less than pleasurable. Depending on my feelings towards the sub I may require
  prolonged and deep penetration ass licking or a less intense exposure. As her
  attitude so far had been excellent she was subjected to minimal exposure.  
Next I proceeded to the flagellation regimen. Attaching her to the overhead
  bar I deftly worked every sensitive area of her remarkably muscular body with
  my flogger and she exhibited excellent pain tolerance. She exhibited similar
  reactions to the nipple torture and anal strap on intrusions. I later learned
  that she had been a weightlifting champion in her native Taiwan and had nearly
  qualified for the national team. The only negative reaction exhibited was when
  I required her to accept a panty gag, my soiled panties of course. Needless
  to say ascertaining a subs preferences and phobias so that I might exploit
  them appeals immensely to my sadistic instincts.  
From my session I concluded she was not a visceral submissive and I was most
  eager to see how she would perform in a dominate role. For this I invited Tom,
  a portly 40 something postal employee, who had been a long time customer of
  the hotel. Upon his arrival I brought him to the basement fully clothed and
  allowed Chinese Mary to conduct the whole session. She had changed into a skimpy
  thong and bikini not yet having purchased any elaborate dominatrix attire.
  From the look in Tom's eyes I could see he was quite pleased both that he was
  receiving a freebie and the strong erotic appeal of the Asian temptress.  
Chinese Mary decisively took charge of the situation and Tom being the wimpish
  character that he is was reflexively obedient. After having him undress she
  attached a collar to him and led him through the leashing exercises punctuating
  it with flogger lashes as Tom tended to be less than enthusiastic when it came
  to making barking sounds. I suspected that Chinese Mary had a well developed
  bondage imagination despite her claim of no real time experiences.  
One area in which Chinese Mary was neglectful was when Tom tried to lick
  her pussy without permission as almost every male sub does. Any self respecting
  dominatrix would immediately deliver a severe flogger lash and then require
  the sub to lick her asshole. She did neither but rather than embarrass her
  before the customer I would bring it to her attention later.  
For the remainder of the session Chinese Mary's performance was excellent.
  She delivered the flogger lashes at just the right intensity and attached a
  clothespin to Tom's cock with the precision of an acupuncturist. Normally the
  subs use a metal device for CBT but she was able to use a clothespin without
  causing excruciating pain. She showed no lack of aggressiveness with the strap
  on and Tom definitely received, or would have received, his moneys worth were
  it not a freebie.  
Chinese Mary was hired on the spot. A tentative start date for the new hotel
  was set for seven days later as I tried to contact previous clients. In the
  meantime it was time for the monthly meeting of the local bondage support group
  which I have hosted for many years. It is held at a bar in East Syracuse and
  is designed to attract novice bdsm enthusiasts of either sex.  
Ordinarily a demonstration of restraint and flagellation techniques is provided
  using a semi nude sub, it may be either male or female.  
It came to my attention that a group of feminists from the local university
  were quite upset about the planned meeting. Their position is that it exploits
  women and promotes violence by males towards females. This of course is pure
  ignorance as even where the female is submissive it is completely consensual
  and the feminist agenda ignores the fact that many females have a deeply ingrained
  need for submission. BDSM is equal opportunity with many females participating
  as dominatrix and for the most part well compensated. I have little use for
  these feminist bitches most of whom suffer some degree of orgasmic dysfunction
  and are the kind that became man haters at an early age.  
The feminist group was threatening to picket the tavern hosting the meeting
  in addition to crashing it. Previously the same group had attempted the same
  type of stunt at a local Hooters and while ultimately unsuccessful they were
  able to obtain media coverage. This type of activity at the tavern would drive
  away many of the BDSM enthusiasts and most certainly result in the tavern owner
  refusing to host us in the future. Something had to be done so I decided to
  place a call to Carrie Kaszula the head of the feminist group.  
Ms. Kaszula was not receptive to lengthy phone discussion but surprisingly
  agreed to meet with me at my Camillus home so that I could explain my position
  more fully. It was an ideal opportunity to seduce the young bitch and blackmail
  her into dropping her protest plans. Bitch K, as I refer to her as, arrived
  at my home alone shortly before 1:00PM. A petite short haired brunette with
  green eyes she was dressed casually in jeans and a sweatshirt. With little
  make up and ugly horn rimmed glasses her best chance for a date would have
  been in a Islamic nation where women are required to wear veils. At 20 years
  old she was an undergraduate in anthropology at the local university and was
  quite interested in studying primitive cultures.  
As our discussion progressed I made an assessment that Bitch K was more of
  a heterosexual man hating looser than a lesbian but that she would be susceptible
  to my advances none the less. I let it be known to her initially that I was
  a dominatrix and most of my clients were males, this seemed to arouse her curiosity.
  She had been seated on my couch drinking a cup of tea I had prepared for her,
  having declined a cocktail. I sat across from her on a chair nursing a martini.  
Abruptly I got up, sat beside her on the couch and embraced her forcing a
  deep mouth kiss upon her. She was clearly shocked but did not resist as I ran
  one hand inside her crouch feeling her moistened sex and it was clear that
  she was aroused. I turned on my sadistic charm by telling her how attractive
  she was and how middle aged ladies such as myself are attracted to such young
  beauties. She was taking the bait and I quickly had her jeans and panties pulled
  down and began deep finger penetrations of her sex while continuing with the
  mouth kisses. My ploy, however treacherous, that an older female would show
  such interest in her was working near perfectly. I smiled to myself knowing
  that she would soon be the latest visitor to my basement dungeon.  
END PART 16  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 17 by Long Tall Mary  
It was indeed nauseating to engage in this type of chicanery with the snooty
  Bitch K but it was necessary for my blackmail scheme to succeed. I was covertly
  video and audio taping the encounter and while my first preference would have
  been to forcibly confine Bitch K in my dungeon it was essential to be able
  to show that the seduction was consensual on her part. So far I was doing quite
  well.  
I then suggested that she take a tour of my dungeon and that if we hit it
  off I could arrange for her to dominate a male sub. She readily accepted and
  after removing her sweatshirt and bra we walked hand in hand down the stairs.
  I couldn't help but notice that her breasts and nipples were extremely underdeveloped
  probably a congenital condition. Proceeding gingerly I attached her to the
  overhead bar with leather cuffs and showed her some of my corporal punishment
  tools. I gave her several gentle strokes on her buttocks with a crop before
  releasing her as I didn't want to push her too hard and to change her mind.  
Part of my strategy was to induce Bitch K to make some oral statements that
  would undermine her credibility as a feminist ideologue. Once again I was successful
  as she confessed to being frustrated because of sexual rejection by males in
  her teen age years, that she an inferiority complex because of her underdeveloped
  breasts and that it wouldn't trouble her a bit to inflict torture upon a male.  
We then reached the point where I felt comfortable of broaching the possibility
  of Bitch K calling off her planned protest at the support group meeting. I
  was fully prepared to reveal the existence of the tapes but to my pleasant
  surprise it wasn't necessary as she readily agreed to call off this months
  planned protest but was non committal as to future meetings. She then dressed
  and departed. I went upstairs, poured myself another martini and replayed the
  tape several times reveling in delight that I had compromised the fraudulent
  feminist bitch. The support group meeting went off without a hitch.  
Several days later as I set watching a porn video in my living room my cell
  phone rang and upon answering it I was astounded to hear the voice of Mad Max.
  His message was cryptic: could he stop over in about a half hour. With Max
  you just don't say no but I was immediately concerned at the prospect of harboring
  a fugitive. Within twenty minutes a 16' moving van pulled into the driveway
  with Max driving and another female in the passenger seat. Max looking not
  much different than when I last saw him climbed out and immediately asked me
  if he could use my dungeon for no more than a day to store some "merchandise" of
  his.  
Thinking that he was referring to the front seat passenger I readily agreed
  but to my surprise and consternation Max and the female opened the rear cargo
  door of the van and moments later were escorting a person clad in an orange
  jail jumpsuit into my garage. The captive's facial features were concealed
  by a ski mask turned backwards and hands and feet were in manacles. I quickly
  donned my own ski mask to prevent identification and escorted them to the basement.  
The captive was quickly placed in my cell, the manacles and ski mask being
  removed. This enabled me to catch a glimpse of a young looking petit blond
  female before the three of us went upstairs leaving the captive locked in the
  cell. I tried to form an impression of the female who had accompanied Max in
  the front seat but what little I could see was quite negative. She was about
  30 years old, a red head with short punk rock style hair, about 5'6 and 150
  pounds dressed like Max in a black leather jacket and blue jeans. So far she
  had avoided eye contact and had not said a word to me. The bitch was giving
  me the chills.  
As we sat in the living room I flipped on the dungeon channel on my TV allowing
  us to view and hear the captive, not surprisingly she appeared quite forlorn
  and dejected. Max volunteered limited information on the situation and I knew
  better than to press for details. Since being on the lam he had taken up residence
  with a cult in New Mexico. Headed by a Koresh like figure the cult espoused
  male supremacy with the female members considered communal property and required
  to wear veils when in the compound. Max stated the regimen was far more repressive
  than the Taliban had ever been with intensive mental indoctrination coupled
  with physical and sexual torture.  
The red head was a member of the cult and had accompanied Mad Max on a special
  mission which involved relocating to a new compound in the mountains of Maine.
  He offered little information on the captive other than she had been a street
  hooker in Cleveland and had been "acquired" by the cult. The red head he explained
  was forbidden to speak to anyone outside the cult without permission and he
  wasn't about to permit it, she would sleep on the floor in Max's bedroom.  
The thought of harboring a fugitive in addition to a red headed mind controlled
  bitch and an abducted female did little for my peace of mind. The night was
  still very young and I couldn't wait for it to end.  
END PART 17  
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 18 by Long Tall Mary 
It had been nearly one year from the date that my suburban Syracuse BDSM bordello
  had been raided signaling the end of my long career of involvement in the trade
  both as a working dominatrix and in more recent years as a managing dominatrix. 
During that period I had attempted to become established in the white slavery
  business in partnership with the psychopathic, perhaps sociopath would be more
  accurate, Mad Max. We had carried out one successful abduction of a local beauty
  queen and she had been sold to an international slave ring with a chapter in
  New York City. The merchandise had been delivered as agreed with Max and I
  splitting a $20,000.00 delivery fee. 
As pleasurable as the abduction had been I got the scare of my life when the
  van Max was driving was stopped for speeding-the asshole should have known
  better than to drive 80 on the Thruway. Fortunately between the soundproofing
  Max had devised along with the merchandise being heavily sedated and restrained
  she escaped notice and Max ended up with a speeding ticket. 
About two months after the abduction Max was shot and killed in a drive by
  shooting in Syracuse. While unsolved it is believed connected to Max's continuing
  involvement in meth trafficking. It effectively put a damper on any further
  abductions for slavery and forced me to concentrate on other pursuits. If nothing
  else it eliminated the only local witness to the abduction and from what I
  gathered the merchandise was on consignment to some Sheik in a mid east nation
  unlikely to ever be released from servitude. 
I yearned for a return to the dominatrix business but realized that it required
  more resources, mainly financial, than I had at my disposal. Having sold my
  suburban bordello I wasn't about to have my Camillus home and private dungeon
  turned into a large scale commercial operation. 
My downtown Syracuse bar was still in business but hardly prospering. Still
  it provided an outlet for my energies and an opportunity to mingle with people
  of different walks of life. Patrons included students, some doctors and nurses
  from the local university medical school, and downtown office workers. 
My earlier prostitution arrest had no negative effect upon my business. In
  fact it attracted a few males who apparently envisioned me as the local Heidi
  Fliss. They were disappointed to learn that I was no longer active in prostitution
  and that it had been limited to BDSM not conventional 
whore house sex. 
After much thought I decided to limit my commercial BDSM activities to a select
  clientele mainly female submissives. The activities would take place at my
  Camilllus home dungeon and I would employ only one or two staff dominatrix.
  They would primarily serve to assist me if necessary with a certain customer
  or substitute for me in the event of my unavailability. 
My niche in the market had always been for the category of what I term semi
  willing submissive. For example a wealthy male might be upset with the habits
  of his girl friend such as infidelity, drugs, etc. As a condition of continued
  financial support she would be required to submit to a dominatrix. The cases
  I dealt with in the past had all been gratifying and most lucrative. 
I received my first referral from a pimp named Greg who operates a conventional
  sex whore house in Rochester. His staff consists of five hookers and one was
  proving troublesome. Her chief transgression was arranging private sessions
  with customers thus depriving the house of income. Greg, whom I had never made
  personally, was aware of my expertise in the area of female discipline and
  through the Internet made me a generous offer to subject the errant harlot
  to a weekend of confinement and training in my dungeon. 
One proviso accompanied the offer. The hooker had an aversion to lesbian sex
  and would not consent in advance to a female trainer. Therefore she would believe
  that she was submitting to a male trainer right up until she arrived at my
  door. I became giddy when I heard this as I crave this type of situation and
  would have performed it for considerably less money than I was offered. Greg's
  proposition was quickly finalized. 
Greg Emailed me a picture of my trainee. Kathy, age 24, was a buxom brunette,
  brown eyes, about 5'3 and 150 pounds. She was somewhat of a plumper but Greg
  indicated she was quite competent at her trade and that his investment in paying
  me for a discipline session was well worth the cost. It was agreed that Greg
  would deliver her to my doorstep in three days arriving at 10:00AM. 
Despite my age I still possess considerable physical prowess. None the less
  knowing that Kathy might resist I decided to have another dominatrix on hand
  just in case. For this assignment I procured Felicia Porter, one of my former
  staff dominatrix. In her late 30's Felicia had just finished four months in
  the Jamesville prison for shoplifting and had broke up with her boy friend
  shortly after her release. Financially she was destitute and readily accepted
  my offer which included some free marihuana. Indeed at the time Kathy arrived
  Felicia was lounging on my living room couch in her characteristic miniskirt
  and tight sweater, smoking a reefer, and watching a porno DVD 
At 10:05AM a black SUV pulled into my drive hardly the stereotypical pimpmobile.
  Through my closed circuit TV system I caught a glimpse of the burly Greg and
  his buxom hooker as they got out of the vehicle and walked to the side door.
  Her long brown hair was blowing on a cool and windy September Saturday, She
  was attired in denim shorts, a pink bikini that complimented her boobs well,
  a white zippered sweater and heels. For my part I was attired in black leather
  pants with a detachable crotch covering and a matching halter top. 
As I opened the door to my garage they stood before me and the first words
  out of Greg were K(his nickname for her) meet Mistress Mary she will be your
  trainer. The snooty bitch replied with no fucking way. Before she could
  react further I was on her with my catlike speed and ferocity cuffing her hands
  behind her in seconds. I directed Greg to leave immediately as was understood
  in advance and proceeded to drag the struggling bitch by the hair and arm to
  my basement. 
Prior to her arrival I had issued explicit orders to Felicia that she was
  not to assist me in the subduing of the bitch or to even appear unless I specifically
  requested it. I strongly believe that it is important to establish immediate
  dominance over such a trainee and if this can be done unassisted so much the
  better. But Felicia being the glutton for punishment she is appeared on the
  stair landing and helped me drag K to the basement. (she would not be referred
  by me as K for the duration of her confinement, bitch would suffice) 
Rather than chastise Felicia in front of the trainee I let her continue to
  assist me although my anger must have been obvious to Felicia. The bitch was
  surprisingly compliant most certainly realizing that resistance was futile
  and uttering epithets would result in harsh punishment. I used a cable to connect
  her rear cuffed wrists to an overhead mount. After securing her ankles with
  leather cuffs to eye bolts in the floor about three feet apart I strapped a
  ball gag in place. It was only temporary, a much more unappealing gag awaited.
  I left her in a most uncomfortable position fully clothed and smiling at her
  I chuckled make yourself comfy bitch I'll be back in awhile as I headed upstairs
  to discipline my errant staff assistant. 
Once upstairs Felicia knowing that punishment was imminent stripped to her
  bra and panties without being ordered to do so. What I had in mind for her
  was a particularly restrictive hogtie that I seldom employ. Using cord her
  ankles are crossed and connected to her bound wrists, the cord is extended
  around her neck so that any significant movement will result in choking. Its
  not a technique I employ often but Felicia being experienced in BDSM knows
  the ropes , you might say, and wasn't likely to choke herself. 
Felicia would have been content to spend twenty minutes or so in the hogtie
  but I had other measures in store for her, ones that I employed previously
  with excellent results. I switched off the DVD and in its place turned on the
  Christian Broadcasting Network. A preacher was just beginning a sermon and
  Felicia would have no choice but to listen. A pair of my soiled panties sealed
  with a strip of duct tape completed her bondage and I returned to the basement. 
It was clear that Bitch was in considerable pain from the tight position I
  had left her in and her eyes pleaded for mercy. I just smiled and remarked are
  you comfy bitch before using my heavy duty scissors to shred every ounce of
  clothing from her body. With her ankles secured to the floor bolts I released
  her from her rear cuffed restraint and using leather cuffs attached each cuff
  to the overhead mount. She was now in a spread eagled position and vulnerable
  to penetrations from both sides not to mention the numerous exercises I had
  planned for her. 
My next task was to conduct a more thorough examination of her anatomy both
  visually and by masturbating her various attributes. I quickly sensed that
  Bitch was no latent submissive as are so many females nor was she exceptionally
  dominate in spite of her reputed competence in the bordello business. She fell
  into neither classification. To accept my style of discipline would require
  breaking her will and it would take some doing, more so than I would have expected. 
Upon removing her gag I proceeded to give her a matter of fact outline as
  to what training regimen I had planned for her. As is standard she could not
  speak without permission, would address me as Mistress, she would be in some
  degree of restraint at all times, She could expect frequent whippings , strap
  on intrusions and performing oral sex upon me. If her progress was satisfactory
  she would be released in about forty eight hours otherwise her confinement
  would be extended. 
To test her attitude I required her to engage me in deep mouth kissing with
  her being the aggressor. This is a technique I seldom employ, ordinarily the
  trainee uses her mouth only upon my cunt and my asshole. Her deep mouth performance
  was lackadaisical at best. After less than two minutes I withdrew from her
  mouth and delivered the first of what would be many lashes It was an intentionally
  hard lash across her crotch and the pain was obvious. Trying to appear angry
  I retrieved another pair of my soiled panties and forced them into her mouth
  which was then sealed with duct tape. Perhaps after tasting that for awhile
  you'll appreciate the taste of me better I commented as I left to attend to
  Felicia upstairs. 
Felicia was struggling to maintain her rigid hogtie position without choking
  and was clearly perturbed by the gospel programming that she subjected to.
  Upon freeing her from her restraints Felicia reflexively assumed a kneeling
  position beside the couch fully expecting she would be ordered to use her mouth
  upon me. She seemed almost disappointed when I informed her that she would
  receive no further punishment. Felicia is one of a handful of females who while
  essentially a dominate could perform adequately as a submissive. 
In my career in the bordello business we had never allowed male dominates
  to perform upon female submissives. The risk of assault to the female would
  be unacceptably high. Even in the case of female dominatrix performing upon
  male submissives there was always the risk of the female being overpowered
  by a dom masquerading as a sub. It was always the policy to have security concealed
  upon premises. If maledoms were allowed another dominatrix or security person
  would have to be in attendance at all times which hardly makes for an enjoyable
  customer experience. 
Regrettably aging has to a minor degree diminished my physical prowess as
  a dominatrix. Within the past two years I've been diagnosed as suffering from
  some neurological disorder that is a variant of Parkinson's disease. Its chief
  symptom is a mild hand tremor. This presents no problem as far as my overall
  strength is concerned but it severely impairs my ability to perform tasks such
  as shaving pussy hair. So in order to shave Bitch it was necessary to delegate
  this task to Felicia. 
Needless to say Felicia relished this task and she pulled up a stool in front
  of Bitch lathering the rich mound of pussy hair with lather before beginning
  with the razor. I stood in front of them with my arms crossed and smiling.
  For torment Felicia would periodically finger fuck the Bitch causing her to
  moan through her panty gag. Indeed watching a submissive forcibly shaved is
  one of the most gratifying aspects of bondage except of course for doing the
  forced shaving myself. 
With the shaving soon complete I crudely finger fucked Bitch myself and in
  a most non gentle manner. I had desired to have her shoulder length hair cut
  off as well but Greg refused for fear of diminishing her commercial appeal.
  Unfortunately more often than not you have to honor the requests of the person
  paying the bill. 
I decided it was time to let Bitch do some speaking. Since she had been uncomfortably
  gagged with my panties for most of the session she appeared visibly relieved
  as I removed her gag. But the type of speaking I had in mind was not lovey
  dovey talk it was speech recitation training. For this purpose I employ a CD
  that I purchased several years ago which contains numerous recorded phrases
  such I'm a worthless slut, Thank you Mistress ,etc. It works well in conjunction
  with electroshock therapy, if the trainee's oral response is not loud or emphatic
  enough a shock is instantaneously administered. This is an adaptation of classic
  Pavlovian technique. Unfortunately my electroshock equipment was not in working
  order so a flogger response would be substituted. 
Bitch proved to be a surprisingly fast learner as she recited the phrases
  loudly and emphatically. Most trainees require some heavy duty shocking or
  lashes before they come around but not in this case. Even Felicia, herself
  an experienced dominatrix, was surprised. I resented not being able to inflict
  more pain with my flogger and it was indeed tempting to do so. But a dominatrix
  must maintain credibility with her trainee and disproportionate pain would
  severely diminish that. Besides I had plenty more heavy duty tortures in store
  for her. 
I had some important business to carry on upstairs so Bitch would be left
  restrained and unattended for a spell. She was transferred from the overhead
  bar standing position to my Wheel of fortune which is a wooden X frame capable
  of being rotated 360 degrees. Bitch was strapped by the wrists and ankles to
  the device which was left upright. As a reward for her progress I made it known
  she would be left ungagged and the collar I buckled around her neck would not
  be attached to the cross allowing her more head movement. 
As a final reward she was permitted a dildo in her cunt. It was one of the
  time delay type programmed to vibrate at irregular intervals and it was chained
  in place. So many of my trainees have expelled these intruders that I now routinely
  secure them. The device was turned on and I smiled confident in the knowledge
  it would satisfy her erotic needs in my absence. 
Upstairs I had an AOL chat room to host. As for Greg he was proving to be
  a first rate pain in the ass. He had already called twice on his cell phone
  for progress reports before returning to Rochester and he let it be known that
  he expected a web cam telecast of Bitch in my dungeon. I did my best to mollify
  him for the time being but a clash between us was imminent. 
END PART 18 
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY, PART 19 by Long Tall Mary 
Once upstairs I sat down at my computer preparing to host a weekly AOL chat
  room on female domination. I switched on the dungeon channel on an adjacent
  monitor enabling me to hear and see my trainee in the basement. Bitch appeared
  to be weathering her ordeal fairly well. 
No sooner had I opened the chat room when I received my third call from Greg.
  He had arrived back in Rochester and was insistent on seeing a webcam of Bitch.
  I realized that it would be necessary for me to be very assertive. First off
  I have a rule that no photographs or videos are taken in the dungeon. This
  has been a long standing policy despite numerous requests for such material.
  The only exceptions are that on occasion I secretly make video and audio recordings
  of dungeon sessions and replay them later for my own pleasure or use them for
  training purposes. If I intend to use them for the later the sub is covered
  with a hood to prevent identification. 
I very firmly reiterated my policy to Greg, it had been part of the original
  agreement. He was quite perturbed but I managed to calm him by assuring him
  that a stellar graduation ceremony would be held when he arrived to pick
  up Bitch. I have always held such a ceremony when a sub's owner arrives to
  pick her up, typically the sub is kneeling and begging for forgiveness. This
  is scripted carefully beforehand and I will punish a sub who deviates from
  the script in front of her owner. Satisfied that Greg wouldn't be calling again
  I continued on with my chat room. 
The chat room lasted for about ninety minutes during which time I ordered
  Felicia to twice check on the welfare of Bitch but forbade any conversation
  or contact between the two. Bitch heeded my earlier edict against speaking
  without permission, had she done so I would have immediately gone down and
  administered a flogging. Surprisingly Felicia obeyed my instructions and indulged
  herself watching porno flicks and smoking a reefer once back upstairs. 

As I was about to close my chat room I received a most interesting Instant
  Message, ordinarily I turn the IM off but today for some reason I failed to
  do so. The sender claimed to a female police officer from a local department
  not close to Syracuse, I won't name the department, claiming to be a female
  submissive seeking a dominatrix. Could this be a hoax or worse, a sting operation?
  Somehow I intuitively sensed that it was legitimate so I agreed to continue
  chatting with her periodically and possibly arranging an encounter. I'm very
  discreet about not soliciting any fee or tribute for my services on line least
  I be accused of prostitution. 
The thought of an encounter with a submissive female police officer had me
  highly aroused and as I headed for the basement I feared it would prevent me
  from concentrating on the training of Bitch. First on the agenda for Bitch
  was nipple and cunt torture. I predicted, correctly of course, that she would
  have a low pain tolerance. The vibrator was still humming away so I removed
  it for the time being. Attaching a metal clamp connected by a chain to each
  nipple, I gently yanked them back and forth causing her to shriek in pain.
  This is one time when I enjoy seeing my sub not gagged. I continued the torture
  for several minutes and for additional pain a clothespin was attached to her
  clit. 
Realizing that I was bringing her close to her maximum pain threshold I decided
  it was time to permit her some time for solitary meditation. Actually I was
  eager to begin the oral sex portion of her training but frankly I just couldn't
  concentrate on it because of preoccupation with the police officer. I was tempted
  to delegate her training to Felicia but she was stoned on grass by now and
  I won't allow anyone under the influence to train any of my subs. Removing
  the clamps from Bitch I led her to my dog cage and locked her inside after
  cuffing her hands to the top. She was close to tears and the day was still
  quite young. 
Saturday afternoons in the fall are a difficult time for me to concentrate
  on anything as I'm an ardent college football fan especially when the Syracuse
  University Orangemen are playing televised which was the case today. I decided
  to combine the training of Bitch with my football viewing pleasure. Bitch was
  removed from the cage and her wrists and elbows were bound tightly behind her
  using rope. She was then led upstairs to the living room and ordered to kneel
  in the basic slave position with buttocks touching the ankles. 
As I've mentioned earlier my rope skills are superior unlike most dominatrixes.
  Few of my submissives complete their session without being roped for some period
  of time. The biggest problem for me is choosing what type of rope to use as
  I have such a large variety. For this session I chose my red and white candy
  stripped rope. 

Being as self confident as I am I decided to play a game with Bitch. She was
  tightly bound in a hog tie position, her collar removed, and a ball gag was
  strapped on. I told her if she could free herself from the ropes within fifteen
  minutes I would release her immediately and would be free to leave. She was
  required to struggle and if I felt it was not vigorous enough she would receive
  lashes. 
For the next fifteen minutes I enjoyed erotic ecstasy as Bitch struggled furiously
  in her restraints, rolling about the floor and moaning through her gag .It
  wasn't necessary to prod her with the flogger, from the look in her eyes I
  knew she was confident she could free herself. When the fifteen minute mark
  passed the look of defeat about her gave me a very good feeling. 
With the football game about to start I wasn't about to continue with the
  posture portion of her training but decided to progress to the oral portion.
  Still bathed in sweat from her struggling I released the hogtie connector from
  her as well as her gag and made her kneel in front of me as I sat on the couch.
  Removing the crotch attachment from my leather pants I pulled her forward by
  the hair until her mouth was accessible to my pussy. 
There are so many forms of erotic torture I enjoy it's hard to quantify them
  in terms of a satisfaction index. But high amongst them is watching the Orangemen
  on TV and having a slut who probably never ate pussy before perform vigorously
  upon me. I made it known to her that if she stopped or slacked off she would
  be flogged. This no doubt induced her to perform vigorously and nonstop for
  the entire first quarter of the game. I lost count of the number of orgasms
  I experienced. 
With the first quarter having ended I decided it was time for Bitch to concentrate
  on my asshole and I positioned myself according. Her demeanor exuded defiance
  but having decided to be a compliant slut she obeyed without question. I made
  her work hard with her tongue for about five minutes. While I can't measure
  the depth I made her penetrate to suffice to say it was deeper than I require
  most of most of my subs. 

Bitch was performing quite well in her training and I felt confident Greg
  would be pleased with the results. But she was scheduled to remain confined
  until about 8:00 Monday morning so I had considerably more tortures planned
  for her. For her good behavior I decided to permit her a period of light restraint
  as soon as the second quarter ended, until then she was required to kneel before
  me with her wrists and elbows still bound but not using her mouth. 
Her rear wrist and elbow restraints were removed although I enjoy seeing subs
  kneeling while so restrained because of the cleavage thrusting effect. I made
  her kneel with her arms held out and bound her wrists in the front position.
  She was then allowed to sit on the couch opposite Felicia who by now was quite
  stoned and peeved that she had been denied use of Bitch. 
When Felicia is stoned she will come on quite strong to any female whether
  it be a submissive or dominant. She helped herself to Bitch by biting her boobs
  and then forcing mouth kissing upon her. I should have immediately taken Felicia
  to my bedroom and chained her to my bed but I was resigned to Felicia's disobedience
  and just couldn't work up the enthusiasm to punish her, at least immediately. 
Bitch was performing her training up to my expectations but I felt something
  was lacking. I sensed a deep hostility towards me despite her outward compliance.
  Now I'm not so naive as to expect my submissives will be endeared to me yet
  I demand a certain level of respect however difficult it is to define. When
  from a subs demeanor I sense that respect is lacking I become very upset. 
I decided it was time to end Bitch's training for the day and I led her to
  the basement to be confined in my jail cell overnight. The jail cell is hardly
  a penthouse suite but certainly preferable than the cage. For restraint I padlocked
  a collar on Bitch's neck and a chain tethered it to a bolt in the floor. The
  chain was of just the right length than she was able to stand in place but
  not walk about the cell.The vibrator was reinserted in her pussy, turned on
  and chained in place. 
A decrepit mattress was provided for her comfort and a bucket for excretion
  was placed within her reach. She would be monitored periodically using the
  video surveillance system and in addition either Felicia or myself would check
  on her in person every hour or so. Her instructions were to kneel on all fours
  whenever either of us did so and bark like a dog. It would help prepare her
  for the leash training I had planned for her and besides a little humiliation
  never hurts a sub. 

No sooner I had I returned upstairs when I received a call from the headmaster
  at a private all male prep school located near Cortland about thirty miles
  away. The school had just initiated a policy of corporal punishment. Because
  the faculty and students were all male the policy would be to hire a female
  to inflict any punishments, the purpose of this being to avoid any accusations
  of homosexuality. The punishment would consist of caning only with no sexual
  tortures allowed, in addition it would be videotaped. 
Performing under these circumstances was hardly appealing but the headmaster
  made a very generous payment offer and if the price is right it will sway my
  decision which in this case it did. It was agreed the session would take place
  at 8:30 in the evening. This meant entrusting custody of Bitch to Felicia however
  risky but I decided she would be sufficiently sober by that time. I read her
  the riot act as to what would happen if she had any physical contact with Bitch
  during my absence. My video has playback capability and since Felicia was aware
  of this I felt that was sufficient to assure compliance. 
Since the discipline session at the prep school was being videotaped I felt
  it necessary to wear a mask and made this known in advance. I can count on
  one hand the number of times I've worn a mask during my dominatrix career.
  Rather than use a submissive hood I settled on a plain, ordinary ski mask. 
Arriving at the school I was met by Thomas the headmaster who was casually
  attired in jeans and a T-shirt. Portly, balding and wearing thick glasses he
  didn't fit my image of a headmaster. None the less he was rather pleasant and
  gave me a brief tour of the school grounds. It was agreed the session would
  take place in a basement having overhead beams to which the student could be
  secured. 
Amongst dominatrixes preferences vary as to whether a submissive should be
  restrained during the punishment. I insist upon restraint if for no other reason
  than the humiliation it provides and this was acceptable to Thomas. The specific
  punishment would be six strokes with a cane. Its amazing what a school will
  pay for such a brief session. 
The student to be caned was an eighteen-year old senior named John. He was
  presently on room lock which means simply he is confined to his own room
  and it is locked to prevent his leaving. You can imagine how John reacted when
  I strode into his room wearing my leather outfit and wearing a ski mask. He
  was clad only in boxer shorts and a T-shirt It was impossible to conceal the
  erection which he experienced . He was a rather good looking blond about 5'11
  and 160 pounds and rather muscular in appearance. 

I ordered John to place his hands behind him and leather cuffs were attached.
  Previously I had suggested the use of a collar and leash but Thomas would not
  permit it. Accompanied by Thomas I lead John by the arm to the basement where
  the cuffs were attached to an overhead beam. I then pulled down his boxer shirts
  and removed them. His orders were to bend over with his ass protruding and
  after each stroke he was to sound off with Thank you maam may I have another.
  The spirit of Animal House was alive and well. 
I commenced the caning and deliberately took my time between strokes. After
  the six were complete I paused to admire the red welts upon his buttocks, indeed
  it would be painful sitting for a few days. Thomas with his camcorder had recorded
  all the action so far with his intent being to show the video to the student
  body in order to further humiliate John and to deter other students from misbehaving. 
John was still quite hard and I felt under the circumstances it would be cruel
  and unusual punishment to deprive him of ejaculation. Satisfied that the camcorder
  was off I began masturbating John.As you can see I am charitable in my feelings
  toward John unlike the lowly male submissives I customarily deal with. In seconds
  it was over with a wad of semen spewing out. Thomas gave me a most disapproving
  look but said nothing. John blurted out thank you maam causing me to smile
  underneath my ski mask. We escorted John back to his room where his confinement
  would continue. 
Thomas had little to say but handed me an envelope with my payment and I departed
  without further ado. My sense was that I wouldn't be invited again to the school
  but that was fine with me for despite their generous compensation the restrictions
  were intolerable. 
As I headed back home I tried to focus on the training regimen for Bitch but
  it was impossible due to my fixation on the possibility of having a female
  police officer as a submissive trainee. That would be the first item on the
  agenda upon my return. 
END PART 19 
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 20 By Long Tall Mary 
Upon returning home I found Felicia, clad only in a bra and panties, lounging
  on my couch and watching one of my porn videos as she does so frequently. She
  appeared sober and reported nothing out of the ordinary had occurred since
  I left. On the dungeon monitor I could see Bitch was awake and sitting, appearing
  rather dejected. 
I decided to inspect her personally and upon my approach to the cell door
  Bitch got down on all fours and began barking as she had been instructed. That's
  a good slut I cooed. Before leaving her for the night I allowed her to consume
  a can of liquid protein meal, this is the standard meal for my trainees. The
  vibrator batteries had died out but I left it chained in place warning Bitch
  not to attempt its removal. 
Once upstairs I turned my attention to the prospective female police officer
  sub. In her initial chat with me she gave me some information which would prove
  valuable in verifying her legitimacy. She stated correctly that her name was
  Margaret and while she didn't identify the specific agency she worked for she
  gave the general area. Also she stated she had recently been suspended for
  allegedly making a sexual proposition to a male traffic violator. She stated
  she was 27 years old, never married , essentially a heterosexual with a bi-sexual
  curiosity and had no ongoing partner relationship. 
I contacted a male acquaintance who resides in the same general area as Margaret
  and using the information she had provided he immediately identified her. He
  stated she had a reputation as a hard ass writer of traffic tickets and also
  for trying to hit on males while on duty. Nothing he knew about her suggested
  she was likely to be a part of some sting operation. 
My next step was to contact Margaret by IM and she agreed to call me by phone
  although when she did Caller ID had blocked out her number but I wasn't too
  concerned about that. In discussing her bondage preferences she indicated a
  desire for a maledom co-trainer. While I am not keen on such an arrangement
  I decided it would be worth it in order to have a female police officer as
  my submissive trainee. 

My next step was to contact Troy who is a 30 something Syracuse area bondage
  trainer. Troy is an amateur never charging for his services and has an excellent
  reputation in the BDSM community for being trustworthy and competent. On a
  sadism scale of 1-5, I would rate as a 5, Troy a 2. He agreed to participate
  in Margaret's training and like me was fascinated with the fact that she was
  a police officer. 
I contacted Margaret again and we agreed to meet at the Carousel Mall the
  coming Wednesday at 6:00PM. In the past I have met a few prospective clients
  at the Carousel mainly to verify their age, in this case it was to establish
  to my satisfaction that she was legitimate. If Margaret, as well as myself,
  felt comfortable she would follow me in her own vehicle to my home. The initial
  meeting would be between Margaret and I, she would meet Troy at the dungeon. 
With Bitch scheduled to be released on Monday morning I still had all day
  Sunday to continue her training and to prepare her for graduation. My enthusiasm
  for training Bitch was rapidly fading but I would do my best since I firmly
  believe that the customer is entitled to maximum value and Greg had paid well. 
Felicia and myself slept in separate rooms for the night but as a precaution
  Felicia was kept on lock room to prevent her from roaming about, getting
  stoned and causing some type of mischief. She wasn't too pleased with this
  arrangement but considering her precarious living arrangement had no choice
  but to acquiesce. 
Sunday morning wake up time came quickly enough. My first task was to assure
  that Felicia would be occupied productively for the day. In return for my hospitality
  such as food, lodging and grass I expect tribute both sexually and labor wise.
  Left to her own Felicia would indulge in watching videos for the day and getting
  stoned. I ordered her to don a maids uniform and set forth a long list of household
  tasks she was to perform. Begrudgingly she complied and as I headed for the
  basement dungeon she was on her hands and knees cleaning my oven. 
As I approached the cell Bitch was also on her hands and knees barking as
  instructed. I decided the days training would start with anal strap on sex.
  I'm quite subjective as to which of the female subs receives the strap on in
  their fuckhole, asshole or both. Bitch would receive only anal and in the most
  painful manner. 

Any competent dominatrix can control the degree of pain to which a sub is
  subjected to anally. For Bitch I chose a strap on dildo that is covered with
  sandpaper in addition to having a knobby surface. Its guaranteed to cause significant
  pain. Bitch was removed from the cell and attached to a special table that
  I use for strap on training. My fixation for muffled erotic moaning being what
  it is I strapped a ball gag on Bitch. 
For the next fifteen minutes I subjected Bitch to unrelenting anal torture.
  Her muffled moans turned to muffled screams and it was clear I was achieving
  the desired results. As it appeared she was reaching her upper threshhold of
  pain I withdrew from her. Leaving Bitch secured to the table I sat on a couch
  smiling as I viewed her frontally and assessing my feelings towards her. 
Usually I break my female subs to the point that they are in tears. I interrogate
  them and extract as much intimate information as I can. Often I allow them
  to come onto me by kissing or gently sucking my tits, something I would never
  allow from a male sub. 
Up until now Bitch had resisted this intimacy and I had no reason to believe
  she would surrender. About the only information I had extracted from her was
  that Greg demanded oral sex regularly from his hookers. Since she refused his
  advances she believed her current confinement was in retaliation. She insisted
  other hookers were guilty of booking clients privately but that Greg overlooked
  them because of their submission to his advances. 
I then decided Bitch would remain in the cage until bed time when she would
  be chained in the jail cell as previously. No more training would be attempted
  other than scripting her performance for Greg upon his arrival. Leaving her
  otherwise unrestrained in the cage I returned upstairs to enjoy a Sunday. 
My schedule required me to be at my bar from 1:00 in the afternoon until about
  5:00. That meant once again entrusting Bitch to babysitting by Felicia but
  given that she followed my orders the night before I felt it was a safe proposition. 
Felicia was still toiling with the oven cleaning when I returned upstairs.
  About ten minutes later she finished the oven and I instructed her to begin
  floor waxing as I sat on the living room couch watching videos. Bitch would&nbsp;be
  monitored periodically with the dungeon cam and I would inspect her personally
  every hour or so. As earlier she would be required to bark, the cramped space
  in the cage prevented her from kneeling on all fours. 

The afternoon at the bar went well. One of my customers was Newhart my psychiatrist
  friend who hoped to rekindle a previous non bondage relationship we had attempted.
  I simply wasn't interested but I treat Newhart very gingerly as he has been
  generous in prescribing sedative and other drugs. These help to control my
  hand tremors for which my primary doctor will not prescribe such drugs. Procuring
  these drugs on the black market would be costly both financially and from the
  standpoint of being busted. 
Upon returning home Felicia assured me all was well. Bitch was transferred
  from the dog cage to the jail cell and chained. I had removed the vibrator
  from her fuckhole earlier. It just didn't seem right to deprive Bitch of some
  type of intruder so I inserted a butt plug and chained it in place knowing
  full well that it would aggravate the residual pain from my earlier strap on
  intrusions. 
Monday morning arrived soon enough. Bitch was fed and allowed to use my dungeon
  shower to prepare herself for Greg's arrival. She would remain nude, it had
  been agreed Greg would bring replacement clothing for her. I went over the
  script with her again emphasizing that a poor graduation performance would
  result in additional punishment and possibly an extension of her confinement. 
Greg arrived on schedule. As am I very choosey who is permitted in my living
  room I had Bitch prepared in the family room adjacent to the garage. Bitch
  was nude and kneeling in the buttock touching ankle position with her hands
  clasped behind her head. As Greg stood before her she began her oral recitation
  in which she expressed remorse for her transgressions and begged to be allowed
  to immediately serve him sexually in any way he so desired. 
Since I had already clued Greg in on this proposition he had no difficulty
  in stating his preference. His preference was for fucking her cunt so I stepped
  out of the room to allow them privacy. Of course with my elaborate video system
  privacy is never assured and both Felicia and I enjoyed watching and listening
  to the activity. In terms of erotic intensity it left something to be desired
  but I found her abject surrender to be most gratifying. Apparently Greg's appetite
  for multiple climaxes was lacking as the session lasted about five minutes
  at which time Greg ordered her to dress in underwear and a skimpy dress he
  had brought with him. 
I noticed that when Greg arrived that another male was a passenger in the
  SUV but he remained in the vehicle. Thanking me for a job well done Greg quickly
  dispelled any hopes that Bitch had for immediate relief from sex. Jeff will
  be driving and you will kneel on the floor and suck my cock for many miles.
  I smiled as Greg led Bitch by the arm out to the SUV. 

END PART 20 
MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 21 By Long Tall Mary 
The rendevous at the Carousel went as scheduled. Seated in the food court
  I had no difficulty recognizing Margaret as she arrived despite not having
  seen her picture. She was simply gorgeous about 5'7&quot;, weight well proportioned,
  brown eyes and hair. But what was most impressive was her boobs, even with
  the loose fitting clothing she was wearing I estimated correctly that her boobs
  were a 36DD. 
Margaret was attired quite stylishly wearing a violet colored turtle neck
  sweater underneath a gray blazer and an ankle length olive colored skirt. It
  was a welcome relief from the sluttish attire that seems to be the rule for
  most of my female clients. For my part I was conservatively attired in a black
  dress and a red blazer. Neither of us stood out in the crowd which in this
  case was most desirous. 
I had allowed approximately fifteen minutes to convince myself that Margaret
  was legitimate and to entice her to my dungeon. My initial prediction was the
  later would be more difficult than the former but to my surprise she was most
  willing and it wasn't necessary to high pressure her. To allay any fears I
  gave her the address where the dungeon was at and invited her to make a safe
  call if she wished, she chose not to do so. 
My home in Camillus is about a twenty minute drive from the Carousel and Margaret
  had no difficulty following me in her own vehicle. As we walked into the garage
  we were greeted by Troy who was in jeans and a t-shirt, and wearing a custom
  made leather hood. Troy wears the hood primarily for erotic effect as he has
  no fear of his clients identifying him. 
Margaret was transfixed at the sight of Troy and after introducing him we
  proceeded to the basement. She seemed awed by the dungeon with its various
  furniture and toys in plain view. I took charge of the initial segment ordering
  Margaret to undress in an order that I specified. Unlike the majority of clients
  whose inexpensive clothes I shred with my scissors Margaret's expensive clothes
  would be preserved intact. 
As you've probably gathered by now I prefer total nudity for my subs. Different
  dominatrixes and maledoms have different preferences in this respect , almost
  all my subs remain nude for the duration of their confinement and this would
  be the case with Margaret. 

Reasoning that Margaret was probably desensitized to handcuffs I employed
  my rope skills to bind her wrists together behind her. I'm not a great fan
  of breast bondage but in this case I just couldn't resist roping her boobs.
  Fortunately my hand tremors, which make shaving pussies difficult, do not interfere
  with my roping abilities and Margaret was soon standing and bound into a rope
  harness arrangement that accentuated her already superb cleavage. 
Female submissives fall into three main categories. One is the pain slut with
  an insatiable appetite for pain, another is one which their primary interest
  is humiliation and submission, a third has a primary appetite for restraint
  and especially having sex while restrained. These are generalizations and of
  course there is considerable overlapping of these preferences. Invariably I
  can predict what category a sub will fall into before the actual training.
  I placed Margaret in the restraint/sex category and this would prove correct. 
My first topic was explaining the basic obedience regimen such as proper speech
  and posture. Margaret displayed little enthusiasm for this aspect of the training
  and kept glancing at Troy who stood silently with his arms folded. I sensed
  that Margaret was far more interested in having a male trainer than a female
  leaving me wondering as to why she sought out a dominatrix to begin with. 
During my initial interview with Margaret I had elicited she had no prior
  bondage experience, the closest she came was that one of her fellow male officers
  had handcuffed her to a bed but the encounter ended with only straight sex.
  She had viewed bondage photos online and seemed most aroused by the cuties
  bound and gagged. She exhibited no desire to receive pain such as by flagellation
  but didn't rule it out completely when I mentioned the possibility. 
Regardless of her preferences all novice subs that I train are exposed to
  a variety of techniques and Margaret would be no exception. Yet I was in a
  precarious situation. Unlike where an owner has contracted with me for training
  for a specified duration of training-usually one or two nights-I had assured
  Margaret previously her session would last no more than three hours. Forcibly
  confining her for an extended period wasn't a viable option at this time. 

Leash training was next on the agenda. Attaching a collar and leash to Margaret
  I walked her around the basement periodically ordering her to kneel. All trainees
  are required to utter some type of degrading sounds as they are led usually
  dog barking. In Margaret's case I just couldn't resist the temptation to make
  her utter pig sounds. Oh what a treat it was to hear her oinking as I led her
  about. Her body language left no doubt as to how humiliating it was for her. 
So far she was being subjected to light bondage. Ordinarily I use a flogger
  to induce the sub to sound off more emphatically but in this case I decided
  it best to wait a bit before progressing to this level. Since Margaret hands
  and elbows were bound it would have been painfully difficult for her to crawl
  so I charitably allowed her to walk. 
Upon completion of the leashing Margaret committed her first serious transgression.
  She spoke without permission to Troy her words being Please Sir I want to
  be fucked by you. Troy who had been silent up until now responded instantly
  and delivered a verbal thrashing. He let it be known in no uncertain terms
  that sex with him was a privilege and had to be earned by performing satisfactorily
  on the other exercises. Margaret was clearly taken back by Troy's tone-she
  had been expecting a quick fuck while tied up and that would be it. She would
  quickly learn just how much more was involved. 
Troy has his own methods of training subs and as much as I wished to be her
  primary trainer I let him continue. Margaret quickly found herself standing
  with her hands cuffed above her to the overhead bar and adjusted so that it
  was necessary she stand on her toes. 
One of Troy's training techniques is sensory deprivation using a bondage hood.
  Margaret was fitted with a snug form fitting leather hood with a detachable
  blindfold and ball gag piece. Both blindfold and gag were immediately attached.
  Troy stood back to admire his work while I roughly fondled her boobs and cunt
  by hand. Her nipples were fully erect and her sex quite moist. 
I'm not a great fan of bondage hoods especially for beginners. They deprive
  the trainer of the ability to see the subs eyes to discern if the sub may be
  having an anxiety or panic attack. From my experiences I've learned that one
  out of four subs will experience a significant reaction when hooded as Margaret
  presently was. Still I decided to defer to Troy's judgement and I knew he would
  be observing her closely. 

My cell phone rang and the call was coming from Felicia Porter. I sensed it
  was important as Felicia knew of my plans for this evening and is well aware
  that I don't like to be disturbed .Felicia asked if she could bring a sub to
  my dungeon and I exploded in rage at her audacity for making such a request.
  She begged me to accede to her request saying her life depended on it. Since
  I am somewhat dependent on Felicia for assistance I went against my instinct
  and approved the request but the sub would have to be taken to the upstairs
  guest bedroom and blindfolded at least initially. 
Her time of arrival was five minutes. Returning to the basement Troy had removed
  Margaret's hood and was reading her the riot act about her training performance.
  I informed Troy to carry on by himself and I would join him later. Margaret
  appeared clearly terrified and might just be having second thoughts about her
  decision to submit. 
Five minutes later a van pulled into the driveway. Felicia was the front seat
  passenger and the driver was a useless piece of white trash named Mary Jo.
  The two had become bosom buddies while inmates at Jamesville. Felicia knew
  the contempt I harbored for her buddy. Likewise Mary Jo was well aware of it
  and didn't even bother getting out of the van. 
Felicia exited the van and opened the side cargo door. She removed and then
  half dragged, half walked a person who had been inside. As they reached my
  door I realized the captive as a female blond of medium build and wearing a
  green leather coat and black slacks. Her facial features were concealed by
  black duct tape wound around her head and completely covering her eyes and
  mouth. Her hands were cuffed behind her and a black belt encircled her elbows.
  A rope hobble connected her ankles no more than 6 inches apart barely allowing
  her to walk. 
The woman was obviously being held against her own will. The fucking bitch
  bitch is messing with my man and she's going to pay snapped Felicia as she
  directed the captive towards the bedroom. I was incensed that Felicia would
  subject me to being an accomplish to kidnaping by bringing the bitch, Diane,
  to my place. With the van already having left I had little choice than to accept
  delivery. The captive was quickly herded into the guest bedroom and placed
  on the bed with a leg iron attaching her ankle to the bed frame. She would
  remain cuffed, gagged and blindfolded for the time being. 

Felicia's relationship with her live in boy friend had been turbulent to say
  the least even before she went to Jamesville for six months. With Felicia incarcerated
  Diane had become her man's steady. Once released her man assured Felicia they
  would resume their relationship but it didn't quite work out that way. After
  learning that the two were continuing to meet Felicia and Mary Jo brazenly
  snatched Diane from her home and transported her in the van. Felicia stated
  she planned to hold Diane captive for no more than one day during which she
  would be taught a lesson she would never forget. 
Suffice to say I was infuriated that I had not been consulted in advance,
  I was now faced with the situation a willing female police officer submissive
  attached to the overhead ceiling bar and an abducted female restrained upstairs.
  The two could not co-exist. My patience with Felicia was exhausted and once
  the captive was released Felicia would be taught a lesson she would never forget. 
END PART 21 







MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 22&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By Long Tall Mary

I decided that it was best to terminate Margaret&#8217;s dungeon session and reschedule it for a later date. It would be necessary to employ a bit of chicanery by promising Margaret that Troy would be her primary trainer for the next session. This would induce her to return but I had no intention of allowing Troy to be present. It would be pure female upon female domination.

Felicia was informed that Diane would not be allowed to remain upon&nbsp; my premises for no more than four hours. She was peeved at learning this but realistically she had no choice but to accept. Since I wanted to witness the torture that I knew Felicia would inflict I ordered her to wait until after Margaret had been released&nbsp; before commencing with her depravities. My viewing would be limited to my closed circuit TV system as I did not wish to be identified by the captive bitch.

Upon returning to the basement I found Troy had removed Margaret from the overhead. She was kneeling on the carpeted floor&nbsp; wearing leather wrist and ankle cuffs with each wrist connected to the corresponding ankle by a plastic cable tie. These were adjusted so that there was no more than six inches of play and&nbsp; requiring Margaret to be&nbsp; bent backwards at nearly a forty-five-degree angle. Troy has no skill at rope bondage whatever but his overall performance as a dom is excellent.

Troy had affixed a ring gag to Margaret which held her mouth open and enabling her to service his cock in the preferred teeth free manner. As I entered he was sitting on a chair in front of Margaret and by grabbing her hair she was held forward&nbsp; as she attempted&nbsp; to satisfy Troy&#8217;s oral sex preferences. After watching for about two minutes I could discern she was not performing up to his expectations and Troy decided to take a break leaving Margaret in her uncomfortable&nbsp; modified hog tie position with the ring gag still held rigidly in place.

I motioned Troy to out of earshot and asked for his assessment of Margaret&#8217;s progress. He felt she was making some progress but was still undeserving of the cunt fucking she craved. The use of the bondage hood had proven quite effective as a motivator.

Despite Troy&#8217;s unfavorable assessment I explained the necessity of terminating the session quickly and requesting that he fuck her in the desired manner so as to assure another session with her. He was agreeable to this and decided to fuck her in her current restraint posture but by pushing her face down on the carpeting. This is a most uncomfortable&nbsp; position to be fucked&nbsp; from and I was quite pleased that he did not permit her greater comfort.

Troy positioned himself behind her and began thrusting slowly. The fact that I was standing in plain view of Margaret most certainly was humiliating to her but it was not inhibiting Troy in the least. 

As I viewed the performance it quickly occurred to me that Margaret most be the most undersexed police officer in the state. Clearly multi-orgasmic her initial orgasm was premature, occurring within twenty seconds&nbsp; and her passionate moaning through the gag was of abnormal intensity. Take it from some one who has&nbsp; much experience with wenches in similar situations.

Troy remained in her for about five minutes before climaxing. Freeing Margaret from her restraints she appeared shell shocked when informed the session was over. She dressed and was on her way within five minutes.

Margaret had yet to exhibit evidence of any bi -sexual character. Since it had been implied that the first session would consist of basic bondage training by a dominatrix I was quite perturbed about the course of events. However I was confident Margaret would return expecting another session with Troy and would be most surprised to find him not in attendance.

My thoughts turned briefly to Mary Jo, Felicia&#8217;s&nbsp; partner in abduction. I should elaborate on the reason for my very low opinion of her character. A few years back she had been involved in a child porn operation. Her involvement had consisted of procuring and&nbsp; posing children as young as eleven years in explicit sex videos. She avoided incarceration only by testifying against her male partner. More recently Mary Jo had served a short stint at Jamesville for drugs and Felicia had been her cell mate.

It had come to my attention that Mary Jo and another female were operating as dominatrixes from a residence in East Syracuse. Word got back to me that she had made some very derogatory remarks concerning my dominatrix prowess. 

It was a combination of these factors that caused my ill feeling towards her. I am 100% opposed to child sex yet I can sympathize with the person who enjoys viewing the videos. It&#8217;s an ambivalent attitude I realize since without a consumer there would no be producer. Still her remarks about my lack of prowess perturbed me equally if not greater than her history of child sex.. When I first heard of them I called Mary Jo and invited her to enjoy an evening discussing the matter at my home which needless to say she declined. I was determined one day to have her confined in my dungeon.

I knew little about Diane other than she&nbsp; was about forty years old, a modestly plumper blue eyed blond and in my opinion not exceptionally good looking. She worked as a barmaid at one of the watering holes frequented by Felicia&#8217;s man, Pedro. Felicia believed she was wanted in Michigan on some type of fraud charges and was facing jail time. For this reason she was especially confident Diane would not report her abduction to the police.

Pedro was a Mexican, probably illegal, who worked in the construction industry. Built like a bull he was a heavy drinker and prone to violence. Fortunately most of the violence was directed at other males. He was not into BDSM per se&nbsp; and used Felicia basically as a conventional fuck toy and as a household maid. Felicia despite her dominatrix prowess was very fearful of Pedro but at the same type was deeply&nbsp; attracted to him for reasons I can not fathom. 

More than once&nbsp; Pedro in a drunken rage would attach a steel collar and chain Felicia to the bed. This would keep her secure until he was ready to fuck her and after sex Pedro would fall asleep in another room leaving Felicia chained and unable to free herself .Yet for all this Felicia was extremely jealous of any woman who might be sexually involved with Pedro .They would invariably incur Felicia&#8217;s wrath as Diane was now learning.

Upon returning upstairs I found Felicia clad in a short&nbsp; strapless black vinyl dominatrix type dress. Glancing at her toy bag which she had brought along I noticed a can of shaving lather and a razor leaving no doubt that a forced shaving was in store. The captive was still confined to the guest bedroom and I decided to have a peek inside while the wench was still blindfolded. After that I would restrict my viewing to my dungeon cam system as I didn&#8217;t wish to be identified by her.

In addition to the duct tape which covered all facial features except the nose I noticed her cheeks were puffed indicating Felicia had stuffed a gag inside, predictably soiled panties. While I rarely keep a sub&#8217;s mouth stuffed in such a manner for an extended period they are always advised to breath through their nose and that struggling will only make it more difficult to breath. This wench had been in tight restraint for nearly an hour and it was most likely that she would not resist once unrestrained. Felicia strongly suspected that Diane was a heterosexual with no bondage experience, something that greatly enhances the dominatrixes pleasure.

Stepping out of the room I gave Felicia the nod to begin. Felicia left the tape in place first removing the restraints and then stripping the wench completely nude.
Next came the tape and this was ripped off so forcefully that pain was unavoidable. Delectable cries of pain were suppressed by the panty gag. The hapless captive had wisely heeded Felicia&#8217;s command to not attempt a struggle.

Felicia ordered the wench to kneel on the floor with her hands knotted behind her head. She then proceeded in a matter of&nbsp; fact way to explain just what the captive could expect during her confinement. The basic training rules would apply, that is addressing&nbsp; Felicia as Mistress and not speaking without permission. First and foremost on the agenda was that Diane would be taught how to make love to another woman. Depending on her progress, or lack of it, she would be subjected to an appropriate degree of whipping in some sensitive parts of the anatomy.

Commencing with the woman on woman lovemaking Felicia first used leather cuffs to bind her hands behind her. The captive was docile enough that she would have obeyed Felicia&#8217;s commands unrestrained but most dominatrixes feel that restraint is an inherent pleasure of bondage both to the dominant and the sub. Of course in this case the sub would derive no pleasure from it.

Felicia ordered her captive to sit on the couch and began forced deep mouth kissing combined with fingering her pussy simultaneously. Considering the circumstances the captive seemed fairly aroused. Felicia remained the aggressor for about five minutes keeping steady with the kissing while alternating the tempo and force of the finger fucking.

You little slut you really enjoy this don&#8217;t you, perhaps we should do this more often chuckled Felicia. It was now time for Diane to become the aggressor. She was ordered to perform deep mouth kissing until told to stop after which she would direct her attention to sucking Felicia&#8217;s tits and progressing downwards to her fuckhole and asshole. If at any time she slackened off on the desired intensity she would promptly be flogged. To demonstrate Felicia took a flogger and delivered one hard lash across Diane&#8217;s boobs causing her to cringe in pain.

Diane began the aggressor phase which is difficult to do with your hands cuffed behind you but Felicia embraced her tightly enabling her to perform in the desired manner. As I crave the infliction of pain I couldn&#8217;t wait for this soft lovey dovey stuff to end as subs seldom escaped painful flogging from Felicia.

Finishing with the mouth kissing Diane began gently sucking Felicia&#8217;s tits forewarned that biting too hard would result in severe pain for her .Personally I was somewhat exasperated at the slow pace of events but it was clear that Felicia was enjoying the foreplay. She was moaning passionately and while dominatrixes are skilled at faking this I had no doubt that it was the real thing and that Felicia would enjoy multiple orgasms.

Next was the pussy eating portion. If Diane derived any enjoyment from the upper body workout she was certain to detest this stage which would include&nbsp; mouth work on the fuck hole. Felicia normally commanded her subs to expend most of their energy on the pussy but in this case I was certain it would be reversed. This proved to be the case as Diane spent only about two minutes working on the pussy.
 Felicia feeling that it wasn&#8217;t a vigorous enough performance pulled her to her feet and delivered another hard lash to her boobs.

Instead of resuming the cunt licking position Felicia dragged Diane to the bed pushing her face up as Felicia squatted over her head. Clean it out good and don&#8217;t even think of stopping she commanded. Diane commenced the distasteful task of licking another woman&#8217;s asshole with the woman&#8217;s face sitting on you.. This continued for nearly ten minutes with Felicia prompting her several times to lick harder.

As the ass licking ended Diane had so far been spared any real physical torture, just a couple of hard lashes, but that was about to change. Diane was positioned with her back to the footboard of the bed, her wrists still bound behind her. Felicia added leather ankle cuffs and attached them to the bed frame so her legs were spread out about three feet. Interestingly I noticed that Felicia&#8217;s strap on was no where in sight and further that Diane already had a shaved pussy.

I am not aware of whether being deprived of the opportunity to forcibly shave a captive contributed to the intensity of what was to follow&nbsp; but I never had known Felicia to employ such techniques. First Felicia produced a black&nbsp; bra which from my distance appeared to be a normal bra. It quickly occurred to me it was a torture bra with spikes protruding in both cups making it impossible to wear without suffering excruciating&nbsp; pain. I think you look better in a bra chuckled Felicia as she proceeded to fit her captive with the bra. This resulted instantly in visible pain but Diane tried to brave it and not scream.

No amount of effort by Diane could prevent screaming for what happened next. Felicia after donning a glove drove her fist into Diane&#8217;s pussy causing her to shriek violently. Felicia had not gagged her captive for this and I was somewhat disappointed as the shrieks made through a gag are always more gratifying than raw shrieking. 

Felicia&#8217;s forearm extended up to her elbow. You won&#8217;t want to fuck anybody after this she yelled. She was clearly losing her cool and I have never witnessed such&nbsp; ferocity in many years of dominatrix&nbsp; experience. All of this to avenge her daring to engage in intimacy with her man that being the worthless&nbsp; piece of trash named Pedro. 

I could only imagine Pedro&#8217;s reaction when he learned of this assault. It was not unlikely Felicia would be evicted from their apartment&nbsp; and would hit upon me for temporary lodging. Even worse was the possibility Pedro would somehow assault her and cause serious injury, fortunately in the past he had refrained from doing so which is no small accomplishment when living with someone of Felicia&#8217;s disposition.

After removing her fist from Diane&#8217;s cunt Felicia subjected her to some minor breast&nbsp; torture using a set of clamps attached by a chain. Diane was hysterical and still sobbing from the fisting torture, her breaking point seemed near. After only about five minutes&nbsp; Felicia decided to cease the torture and Diane was spared from the usual intense flogging as well as strap on training.

Felicia left the ravaged bitch in her standing bound&nbsp; position and stepped outside of the bedroom to use her cell phone to notify Mary Jo to be in my driveway in twenty minutes. Felicia then reentered the bedroom, removed the restraints from her captive and allowed her to dress. She was blindfolded and handcuffed then informed that she would soon be released. The bitch was still hysterical and Felicia continued to remind the bitch of what was in store for her should she ever so much as speak to Pedro.

Mary Jo arrived on schedule and wisely chose&nbsp; not to set foot in my house. Felicia led the soon to be released captive out to the van and they drove off. At this point my feelings were mixed. Witnessing the torture had been quite gratifying yet my hostility towards Mary Jo persisted. I was determined to have her confined to my dungeon and of course&nbsp; Felicia needed to be disciplined as well .I&#8217;m quite achievement oriented when it comes to such goals and it was only a matter of time before they were fulfilled.

END PART 22

 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;





&nbsp; 


























. 











MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY, PART 23&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By LONG TALL MARY

With a wench being held against her will no longer confined in my guest room my thoughts turned to inflicting revenge upon Felicia, and ideally Mary Jo, for imposing upon me with the unannounced abduction scheme. But it was the first Thursday of the month and that was the regularly scheduled date for the meeting of the bondage support group of which I serve as facilitator. Having so served for more than five years I wasn&#8217;t about to miss it, there would be plenty of time later to deal with Felicia and Mary Jo.

The meeting is held in the back room of a bar in East Syracuse and ordinarily attracts about twenty bondage enthusiasts. It is designed mainly to introduce novices to the lifestyle&nbsp; be they male or female, submissive or dominant, but a good number of those attending are experienced devotees. Tonight I would use a willing male submissive, wearing only shorts he would be attached to an overhead bar arrangement and I would demonstrate flagellation techniques upon him. Prior to this demonstration I would deliver a speech for about a half&nbsp; hour setting forth bondage&nbsp; philosophy.

While delivering my speech I was stunned to see a young good looking&nbsp; muscular male sitting at the table. I immediately recognized him as John the student at the private boarding school which had recently hired me to impose corporal correction upon the errant student. Even though I had worn a mask for that session I had no doubt that John recognized my speech and my 6 foot well built frame is not easily forgotten. John was only eighteen and I assume he used fake ID to be allowed inside the tavern.

During the break I walked over to John sitting at the table&nbsp; prompting him to respectfully say Good evening maam, its my pleasure to be here, I&#8217;m certain you remember me. I assured him I did and during the ensuing conversation I learned he was no longer a student at the private school. It seems that shortly after I left, Thomas the headmaster, had made an overt homosexual pass at him and John responded&nbsp; by flooring him with a punch to the jaw. John quit as a student immediately but did not inform his parents&#8217; of the circumstances.

John confided to me he a deep rooted desire to serve as a submissive to a female but that he was homophobic. He offered to pay whatever my price for a private session with me. Its been a long time since I entertained a male submissive but I found John irresistible and readily agreed to a three hour session Friday afternoon.
It was made clear to John that there would be no penetrative sex by him upon me other than pussy eating and any attempt to do so would result in harsh punishment .Likewise he was told I do not suck male cocks. This was agreeable to him and he arrived by taxi at the scheduled time.

What I had in mind for John was the product of my sadistic imagination and that was to force gay sex upon him. It had been some time since I used this technique but found every such session to be the ultimate in erotic delight. It helped to foster my image as a cruel and unpredictable dominatrix during my early years. 

You might suspect I have a pathological aversion to homphobes but such is not the case. First of all I have unrelenting contempt for the vast majority of male subs that are so fortunate to serve me. They&#8217;re losers and most often wimps. It is this visceral contempt that enables me to perform so superbly as a dominatrix. My theory has long been that most&nbsp; homophobes are latent gays who at least subconsciously desire gay sex so in a sense&nbsp; I&#8217;m helping to promote their character&nbsp; by exposing them to it even if is non consensual.

For the session with John it was necessary to find a gay bondage trainer on short notice. Since the untimely death of Mad Max the area has been sorely lacking in such trainers therefore it was necessary&nbsp; to enlist the services of someone I was not well acquainted with in terms of professional competence. The person I chose was Mike, a 45 year old local whom had attended a few sessions at my bondage support group presumably in the hopes of finding a submissive partner. He was most eager to serve as John&#8217;s trainer but I required that he cover his face for the entire session.

John arrived by taxi at my home as scheduled on Friday afternoon clad in jeans and a black&nbsp; polo shirt. I escorted him to the basement while Mike waited upstairs until summoned. John stripped as I stood before him smiling, my flogger in hand. Usually I attach the sub to the overhead bar for the beginning segment but in this case I chose the floor platform which consists of several rings about a rectangular wood board. After attaching leather cuffs to his wrists and ankles he was made to kneel on all fours and the cuffs were attached to the rings allowing for access to both his mouth and asshole.

I proceeded to soften my trainee using moderate flogger strokes to his buttocks and back. Frankly I was bored as I knew John was enjoying this and would resist strenuously when informed that he would be serving a gay trainer. So I abbreviated the flogger portion stopping to massage his cock by hand. Indeed it was rock hard and on the verge of ejaculating something I would not permit at this time. I had planned to perform some CBT on John but decided to leave that to Mike.

After about five minutes of this I broke the news to my trainee. I&#8217;ve decided to allow a male to take over your training and you will serve at his pleasure. He immediately began begging for me to stop this but I just laughed at him before delivering an extra hard lash to his buttocks for speaking without permission. John struggled violently in his restraints and quickly realized its futility. I silenced him by forcing an extra large dental type gag into his mouth stretching it wide open, no trainer wants to take a chance on an unwilling sub biting down on him. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

At this point Mike appeared wearing a black leather sleeveless vest and matching&nbsp; pants his face covered by a ski mask. After proceeding to verbally trash John&#8217;s masculinity he attached&nbsp; two clothes pins to his genitals resulting in instantaneous pain and shrieking. He then grabbed&nbsp; my flogger and delivered a vicious lash to John&#8217;s buttocks.

I immediately realized that my assumption as to Mike&#8217;s competence as a dom was erroneous. While my objective is to induce pain and break my submissive psychologically I will not tolerate incompetence that may result in permanent injury. Trying to be as tactful as possible I removed the clothespins. CBT is a delicate art and at least twenty five per cent of my male submissives are unable to tolerate it to any significant degree. In place of the clothespins I attached a metallic cock restrainer which would keep him erect but without pain.

Mike continued to manifest his incompetence as a trainer by delivering flogger lashes using improper technique. I will never seek his services again or provide him with a referral but unless I interceded quickly my submissive would suffer lasting scars. Motioning for Mike to cease the lashes I announced Its time to introduce my little faggot to the joy of experiencing a male cock inside him.

John had ceased struggling and attempting to yell through the gag, I&#8217;m certain he realized that it was making for erotic gratification on our part and that he was resigned to being forced. Mike wasted no time in placing his cock into John&#8217;s wide open&nbsp; mouth and ordering him to begin licking. It was a joy to watch such a young lad being exposed to gay sex for the first time and under such involuntary circumstances.

Mike evidently had no interest in prolonging the only portion of the session which required other than a passive sexual response from the sub. After less than three minutes he switched&nbsp; to the mouth&nbsp; fucking phase warning John not to attempt to expel&nbsp; the wad of semen he would soon&nbsp; receive, he was to swallow it. After about five minutes of varied speed thrusting Mike climaxed and withdrew.

John&#8217;s relief from the forced intrusion of the male cock was short lived as Mike applied a quantity of lubricant before&nbsp; positioning himself to John&#8217;s rear. For all of his negative attributes Mike was certainly endowed with the erectogenic properties necessary for repetitive fucking . This is what little faggots love the most I cooed as Mike began his unrelenting thrusting into John&#8217;s&nbsp; asshole. Moaning on John&#8217;s part was unavoidable and while it would have sounded better with a panty stuffed mouth I was content with the dental gag which we left in place.

As Mike continued with his invasion of John&#8217;s asshole my thoughts flashed back to my own experiences with penetration by the male cock. Mike had a cock a size that could&nbsp; be considered&nbsp; atypical, I never was into precise measurements but my last cock&nbsp; penetration was by my psychiatrist friend Newhart and compared to Mike his cock was a midget. What if Newhart could&nbsp; receive an injection of&nbsp; an&nbsp; erectogenic drug such as Papaverine HCL. After all being on the med school&nbsp; faculty he certainly had access to such drugs. Just maybe my interest in straight male sex might be rekindled..

I quickly shifted back to the here and now, Mike climaxed after about five minutes of thrusting. Eager to get rid of Mike I had him assist me in transferring John to my&nbsp; miniature sized cage. He would remain there until he recovered from his traumatic experience, that is if I didn&#8217;t decide to further traumatize him. I&#8217;m quite skilled at chicanery and I&#8217;m certain my sweet talk would ease the pains of John&#8217;s forced experience. I paid Mike his session fee and he left shortly thereafter, good riddance.

Before caging John I fastened a three inch thick leather collar around his neck and padlocked it into place. A tightly fastened collar works wonders on subduing defiant submissives and I was absolutely confident that John would not resist when it came time to remove him from the cage .As long as the collar is not tethered to another object the danger of choking is minimal.

John was left to cool&nbsp; his heels for almost an hour before I walked to the cage with a leash in hand, opened the cage door and attached the leash to collar. He was ordered to crawl on all fours and he did this without resistance. Proceeding to the next phase I had him lie on his back on one of the dungeon training platforms and attached him spreadeagled&nbsp; using leather cuffs.

My intention at this was to provide John with the joy of inserting his cock into my fuck hole and riding him. While it is humiliating to be restrained and have a female riding your cock I felt it would offset the humiliation ensuing from Mike&#8217;s cock intrusion. I proceeded to explain this to him with my sweet talk about how widespread&nbsp; bi-sexuality actually is and that he should not feel despair over this forced encounter.

John showed his gratitude for this pleasure I was about to allow him by calling me a fucking bitch and demanding to be released from his restraints immediately. The despicable ingrate, I can count on one hand how many male cocks have been allowed to penetrate my pussy during my dominatrix career and on the second hand I can count the number of subs who have addressed me as bitch and not escaped severe torture. 

My immediate response was to grab my crop and deliver a hard sting to John&#8217;s still hard cock resulting in obvious pain and another expletive directed at me. The cock can only withstand so much pain so I forced myself to restrain from further cock torture. I then strapped an inflatable penis gag around his head, fastened it as tightly as possible and pumped it up to the degree that John&#8217;s cheeks bulged. As much as I enjoy panty gags my observation&nbsp; over the years is that male subs&nbsp; tend&nbsp; to find them preferable&nbsp; to penis gags and at this point I was not about to allow John an ounce of pleasure.

What I had in mind for John was worthy of the torture the late Mad Max would have seen fit to inflict but in this case I would outsource the torture. Just because the Syracuse area is sorely lacking in competent gay bdsm trainers doesn&#8217;t mean that there aren&#8217;t gays into bdsm&nbsp; who would be willing to inflict suitable&nbsp; punishment on&nbsp; an unwilling male sub.

On the periphery of downtown Syracuse is a former factory building that has been converted into various shops and offices. One of these&nbsp; shops is a leather goods store that caters to bdsm enthusiasts and whose employees are all gay. These employees periodically meet there after business hours and engage in bdsm play in a rather rudimentary dungeon. 

A call to Joe, the owner of the business, confirmed that three or four gay bdsm enthusiasts would be meeting there tonight and they would very much enjoy having an unwilling guest such as John. His only requirement was that I deliver John and that&nbsp; he not be aware of the location of the business. Transporting unwilling male subs isn&#8217;t my forte but in this case I was so enraged by John&#8217;s ingratitude that I was willing to make an exception. 

My first step in preparing him for transport was to assure that he was appropriately attired not that clothing was necessary.&nbsp; The ring on John&#8217;s leather collar was padlocked to a hook on the bondage board effectively immobilizing him. This enabled me to remove his ankle cuffs. Your new owners like their ladies appropriately dressed I chuckled. 

You should have the scene the hostile glare on his face as I prepared to cross dress him, Oh how good it made me feel. The attire was minimal: a&nbsp; black garter belt coupled with stockings and a matching fake bra. I always keep a pair of oversized heels for cross dressers and I was able to fit them onto his feet. I would have fitted him with a wig but that would interfere with the hood he would be wearing. The full face hood was pulled over his head and laced tightly with the blindfold pads snapped in place. With the pump gag occupying the mouth hole the only opening was for the nose piece. To keep his cock hard I tied it off with a short piece of rope and then stroked it a few times for torment.

It was tempting to subject John to some anal torture but considering that he would be&nbsp; taking multiple anal intrusions at the hands of his&nbsp; new trainers, I refrained from doing&nbsp; so. The fact that I had promised his delivery within the hour further discouraged me from continuing with his punishment.

With the collar still padlocked to the bench I cuffed John&#8217;s hands behind him using steel cuffs. I enjoy occasionally roping my subs and the collar being padlocked to the bench&nbsp; would have prevented any resistance but I was anxious to deliver my sub, so the cuffs would suffice. I attached a leash to the collar and gingerly led John up the stairs which is no easy feat when you&#8217;re blindfolded and wearing heels for the first time. John tensed as he realized I intended to place him in my van and for a second I thought he might resist. 

Suddenly John began hyperventilating and I immediately realized that in my haste to transport him I had excessively inflated the pump gag. As much as he was deserving of severe punishment the prospect of one of my subs experiencing a medical emergency was unthinkable&nbsp; so of necessity I deflated and&nbsp; removed the penis gag from his mouth. John immediately began begging to be set free and my response was to guide him into the rear of the van and padlock his collar to one of the floor bolts effectively immobilizing him.

Once again I verbally trashed his masculinity and told him if he didn&#8217;t cease&nbsp; babbling he would be sold to a porn movie producer. Of course I had no such intention but it did quiet him down. I then went to the basement and returned with a funnel gag which I strapped in place over the bondage hood. The thought of transporting an ungagged&nbsp; and unwilling sub was foreign to my tastes so this arrangement would allow him to breath adequately yet prevent intelligible speech. My only regret was that the&nbsp; blindfold&nbsp; prevented me from enjoying his agonized facial expressions.

The drive to the warehouse complex took about twenty minutes. To cause further torment to my sub I inserted a CD of gospel music into the player and cranked up the volume. This further heightened his sensory deprivation plus it has long been my observation that subs exposed to it find it highly tormenting.

As I pulled up to the agreed upon entrance Joe emerged from inside and promptly inquired as to whether his guest was blindfolded. After assuring him that he was Joe beckoned to his three associates who then emerged, one of them was pulling a four wheel shipping dolly. In short order John was removed from my van and roughly thrown onto the dolly. Another longer belt was wrapped around him and underneath the dolly to prevent him from moving about.

I watched admiringly as the cart was wheeled inside and to the freight elevator. As much as I craved to witness the session inside I knew it would not be permitted and Joe no doubt sensing this suggested I log onto a webcam in about thirty minutes and I could catch a glimpse of the action.

Thirty minutes later back at&nbsp; my home I logged on and wasn&#8217;t disappointed. Still in his female attire but no longer blindfolded or hooded John was kneeling on the floor in front of the wall toilet in the mens room facing away with his hands cuffed over his head to the top pipe fixture of the toilet and his mouth held open by a ring gag. It was a most restrictive position but one well suited for such an immature and inpious lad.

In the course of the fifteen minutes I was able to view three of the associates, each wearing a ski mask, as they took turns subjecting John to oral sex. While the cam view was less than perfect it was evident that John&#8217;s oral technique was satisfactory otherwise I&#8217;m certain he would have been subjected to further torture. Each of the three hooded associates concluded their sodomizing of John by mouth fucking him,&nbsp; poor John was forced to suck three cocks and swallow three loads of semen.

Just being able to see the agonized expression on John&#8217;s face left me in giddy delight. Regrettably after the fifteen minute bathroom session the webcam stopped and I was unable to view any more of the activity. I later learned that John was blindfolded and taken&nbsp; back to the closed leather goods store where all four of his trainers took turns ass fucking him. His generally cooperative attitude spared him from any additional torture such as flagellation.

John was released after about three hours of serving as the sex toy of the group. He was allowed to dress and was taken to he Carousel Center and dropped off. For the duration of his confinement he had either been blindfolded or his trainers wore&nbsp; masks
effectively preventing him from identifying any of the group or the location. I couldn&#8217;t help but think that Joe was rather benevolent in allowing John to dress in male attire, had it been my decision I would have dropped him off in public in full female attire.

In Joe&#8217;s opinion John is a latent gay who weathered his ordeal fairly well and is confident that he will ultimately accept his place as a male submissive. I&nbsp; haven&#8217;t heard from John since that night and was later told that he had moved to California. 
Indeed I am proud to have made my contribution to promoting his personal development.

END PART 23































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 24       by Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-02-05T13:17:00Z
  2006-02-05T13:17:00Z
  1
  2045
  11661
   
  97
  27
  13679
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 24 by Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

With John having departed my
thoughts again turned to Felicia and Mary Jo but as so often happens when
fixated on one endeavor something unrelated comes your way .That something was receiving a call from a Syracuse area mother
inquiring as to the possibility of a disciplinary session with her 17 year old
daughter.

&nbsp;

Over the years I have
received a surprising number of similar requests from both mothers and fathers
but my rule in the past has always been
no dealings with any female under 18. This has been primarily for legal reasons
as the majority of females at age 15 are sufficiently mature to undergo such
training. Under 15 I have moral as well as legal qualms, even then there are
exceptions.

&nbsp;

The mother was a paralegal
for a prestigious local law firm and occasionally patronized my bar but had
never expressed any interest in BDSM.

Her daughter, Jeanine, was a
high school senior and was openly defying her mothers authority on such
matters as curfews and the company she kept.

&nbsp;

Then one day the mother, Sara,
sought me out for discussion of the possibility of a behavioral modification
program for Jeanine. It was at this time
I learned that the mother had recently attempted to have her daughter
involuntarily committed to a private psychiatric hospital. Since the daughter
exhibited no signs of any mental disorder the commitment attempt was
unsuccessful.

&nbsp;

The mother quickly explained
her motivation. A wealthy and eccentric aunt of the daughter had bequeathed her
a large sum of money payable upon her 18th birthday conditioned upon
good behavior. The question of her eligibility would be decided by an
impartial arbitrator and if he ruled against her the money would be held until
her 2lst birthday and again be decided
by arbitration.

&nbsp;

Sara, the venal bitch that
she is, felt that by having her daughter committed she could lay temporary
claim to the bequeathment and of course it would be quickly squandered. With
the psychiatric commitment out of the question the mother decided that the
behavioral modification approach was the most certain means of convincing the
arbitrator and receiving the money. The mother was determined one way or
another to have the money for her own and even mentioned the possibility of
arranging an abduction and sale into slavery.

&nbsp;








The session fee that Sara was
offering me was extremely lucrative but I still had an uneasy feeling about
taking the case. But money talks and I accepted making it clear to Sara that
Jeanines training would consist of corporal punishment, sexual torture and
whatever other depravities I saw fit to inflict. The duration of her training
would be forty eight hours. This was agreeable to Sara and the session was
scheduled to begin at 9:00AM Saturday.

&nbsp;

A Lexus pulled into my
driveway and Sara and Jeanine exited the car and walked towards my front door
disregarding my instructions that Jeanine be alone. I was already quite peeved
and the thought of confining both the mother and daughter briefly entered my
mind. In recent years it has been my rule that the person delivering the sub to
my home not exit their vehicle, the sub is to walk to my door and the driver
leave immediately. I was confident this was a misunderstanding by Sara and it
would be quickly corrected.

&nbsp;

I caught my first glimpse of
Jeanine a gray eyed brunette of about 5'5, 140 pounds and in my opinion not
exceptionally good looking. She was rather neatly attired in black slacks and a
loose fitting pink sweater over a white blouse making it difficult to assess
her tits. The mother of the same height was a plumper of at least 170 pounds
attired in black slacks and a tight fitting low cut white blouse which
complimented her rather generous cleavage. 

&nbsp;

Sara, her smug demeanor quite
evident, quickly dispelled my belief that she had misunderstood my instructions
as she insisted upon inspecting my
dungeon before leaving her daughter in my charge. As much as I would have
enjoyed dragging both of them to the dungeon it was necessary to employ a bit
of chicanery and I pretended to agree to this request.

&nbsp;

Sara and Jeanine followed me
to the basement and caught their first glimpse of my dungeon. As is customary
for a new visitor both seemed awed by the trappings of the dungeon with the
center floor cage quickly attracting Jeanines attention. She inquired as to
its purpose and I replied that disobedient students usually spent the night in
the cage. This seemed to unnerve Jeanine somewhat while her mother smirked with
delight.

&nbsp;








Next I directed their
attention to my jail cell. The door, which swings back and forth, had been left
open with the key in the lock. I suggested Sara and Jeanine have a look inside
and they took the bait without hesitation. In an instant the door was slammed
shut and locked evoking a look of consternation about the mother and while
hardly necessary I informed Sara she would be confined along with her daughter
and undergo discipline as well.. She
immediately demanded I release her and even had the audacity to rattle the cell
door, her daughter seemed less distressed and probably secretly relished the
thought of a joint disciplinary session.

&nbsp;

The look of utter contempt
about Sara was obvious but wisely she refrained from spewing invectives as is
so often the case when I spring a surprise like this. I retrieved two pair of
metal handcuffs and standing in front of the cell door ordered each to place
their hands in front of them through the bars. Jeanine complied without
argument and I cuffed her hands in such a manner that she would be forced to
remain in a standing position. But Sara balked at my order and repeated her
demand that she be freed immediately.

&nbsp;

At times like this I wish I
had another dominatrix to assist me but since my relationship with Felicia had
soured and I was unable to procure anyone else on short notice it would be
necessary to proceed alone. One of the weapons in my arsenal which I had never
used was a taser device which I had purchased a few months ago. While I had a
pretty good idea of its capabilities the opportunity to test it had never
arisen. Brandishing the device I calmly explained to Sara if she did not strip
within sixty seconds that the taser would be used to stun her and then I would
personally strip her.

&nbsp;

Sara quickly chose compliance
over valor and was standing completely naked with her clothing piled on the
floor. She was promptly cuffed to the cell door in the same manner as her
daughter and far enough apart so as they could not touch each other. I stood
watching admiringly with mother and daughter, one naked and the other fully
clothed as my helpless captives. It was the first time I had ever had a mother
and daughter as captives but my imagination had no difficulty formulating a
training agenda for them.

&nbsp;

I decided that I would take a
short break upstairs but before doing that decided that a preliminary obedience
test was in order. A penis gag was inserted into Jeanines mouth and strapped
around her head while her mother was fitted with a ring gag. The ring gag is
far more uncomfortable than the penis gag and if nothing else assures sore facial muscles for its wearer. Considering
the less than stringent manner in which the two were restrained either of them
could have removed their gag without much difficulty so to test their obedience
I informed them I would be away for a period and if upon returning they had
dislodged their gags they could expect severe pain.








Upstairs I took an extra
tranquilizer as my neurological motor skills were continuing to deteriorate
slowly having already impaired my ability to perform such fine motor skills as
shaving pussies. I spent a few minutes observing my two captives over the
dungeon cam. Both were surprisingly silent and making no effort to communicate
through their gags. I hoped they had not resigned themselves to exemplary
submission as the joy of a dominatrix is greatly diminished in such cases. 

&nbsp;

The danger of a dominatrix
becoming complacent was exemplified with what was to happen next. Returning to
the basement cell I decided that it was time for Sara to undergo some leash
training. After removing her handcuffs and gag I handed her a standard leather
training collar and instructed her to fasten it around her neck. She complied
without protest and I attached the four foot leash to the buckle of the collar
and instructed her to kneel on all fours
before opening the cell door.


&nbsp;

Instead of opening the door
and instructing her to crawl I entered the cell before doing so and in a split
second the bitch knocked me to the floor by tackling my legs and then making a
desperate lunge out of the cell with the intent of locking me inside. Despite
Saras advantage I was able to grab a hold of the leash which I yanked
violently causing her to tumble to the ground outside the cell. I then pounced
upon her sitting upon her chest and proceeded to strangle her by tightening her
collar stopping just short of causing unconsciousness but clearly overpowering
her for the moment. This was complimented by a punch to her solar plexus region
and the bitchs short lived escape attempt was ruined. I promptly cuffed her
hands behind her using the metal cuffs.

&nbsp;

Taking advantage of the
bitchs temporarily incapacitated state I had no difficulty forcing and locking
her into my metal dog cage. Jeanine stood terrified still cuffed to the cell
bars and gagged as I informed her in no uncertain terms that she would pay
dearly for her mothers defiance. Initially I had felt a twinge of compassion
for Jeanine but that was short lived.

&nbsp;

At this point I decided that
the assistance of another dominatrix was essential and I was forced to overcome
my ill feeling towards Felicia. From upstairs I placed a call to Felicia and
not unexpectedly she was with the despicable Mary Jo. When I explained to
Felicia that I sought her assistance for training a mother and daughter her
enthusiasm was obvious and in fact she did arrive at my home in record time
having driven herself, Mary Jo certainly knew better than to set foot on my
premises.








Felicia was attired in her
customary mini skirt and tight fitting sweater but with one obvious difference
in her appearance. Her normal shoulder length brown hair was absent and in its
place she wore an absolutely whorish looking blond wig. She briefly related her
tale of woe: in retaliation for her abduction and torture of Pedros girl
friend he had gone into a drunken rage chaining her to the bed for more than 24
hours and somewhere in between had shaved her hair to punk rock length. She was
now residing temporarily with Mary Jo but knowing the deeply rooted masochistic
nature of Felicia I knew it was only a matter of time before they reconciled.
It was inevitable that Felicia would be hitting on me for temporary lodging but
I tried to set that aside for the time being.

&nbsp;

Returning to the dungeon I
decided the first task was to strip Jeanine and attach her to the overhead bar
and Felicia was directed to do so alone. This is consistent with my training
doctrine that if a sub realizes she can be controlled by one dominatrix it
tends to make them somewhat more compliant. The bitch has pissed in her pants
yelled Felicia. As a dominatrix I have encountered numerous incontinent
submissives over the years and have never stooped to the level of cleaning
them. This task was delegated to Felicia who cuffed the soiled wenchs hands
behind her behind before leading her to my upstairs bathroom. 

&nbsp;

This gave me a few minutes
alone with the caged and cuffed Sara and little conversation ensued. Sara was
taciturn as I gleefully described some of the degradation and torture I had
planned for both of them. A few minutes later Felicia returned from upstairs
with the naked and cuffed Jeanine. Two observations I immediately made were
that the shoulder length hair of Jeanine had been shaved to just short of
punker length and that some lather still remained about the point where her
pubic triangle formerly sprouted. For some reason Felicia had chosen to cuff
her hands in front of her, a comfort of which I did not feel she was deserving
of.

&nbsp;

We quickly attached Jeanine
to the overhead using leather cuffs on ankles and wrists complimented by a two
foot spreader bar. This gave me the first opportunity to closely inspect her
figure. Indeed the loose fitting sweater had done her cleavage an injustice,
she was well endowed much as was her mother. I gave a not too gentle twist of
both of her erect nipples causing her to let out a mild scream, it was clear that
they would be very sensitive to further tortures. 

&nbsp;








Next Sara was removed from
the cage and attached to the overhead in the same manner as and directly across
from Jeanine, they had no choice but to stare at each other. Jeanines original
penis gag was reattached as was Saras ring gag which had slipped during the
struggle. A cervical posture collar was attached to Jeanine while Saras plain leather collar remained in place. 

&nbsp;

Felicia and I went upstairs
for a brief rest and we enjoyed viewing the two captives over the closed
circuit dungeon cam. Neither made an attempt to speak despite the fact that
their gags were affixed rather loosely. Our enjoyment was interrupted as a car
drove into the driveway and watching via the monitor I observed a 40ish tall
blond female in a dark blue pant suit exiting the vehicle. Seconds latter my
door bell rang. Oh shit its my
probation officer frowned Felicia. I knew it was going to be an extraordinary
day. 

&nbsp;

END PART 24

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 25   by LONG TALL MARY

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  0
  2006-02-05T13:17:00Z
  2006-02-05T13:17:00Z
  1
  839
  4787
   
  39
  11
  5615
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 25 by LONG TALL MARY

&nbsp;

I was aware that Felicia was
on probation but my understanding was that it was the unsupervised type with no
ankle bracelet or curfew just reporting monthly to her P.O.. Felicia appeared
genuinely surprised that the P.O. was in my driveway and we quickly agreed that
I would answer the door and not deny Felicias presence as presumably the P.O.
had followed her to my house.

&nbsp;

Upon answering the door the
woman promptly identified herself as Miss Wilcox, Senior Probation Officer
flashing some type of badge . She inquired as to whether or not Felicia was
inside and I responded by asking what was the meaning of this incursion. Miss
Porter appears to be in violation of her probationwas the reply. Rather than
demand the specifics I escorted her into the kitchen where Felicia was
standing. 

&nbsp;

Felicia immediately asked
what condition she was violating to which the haughty blond replied Consorting
with a convicted criminal, youre certainly aware that Miss Cusimano was
convicted of prostitution. Both of us were stunned as my conviction had been
several years ago and since then I have consorted with numerous persons on
probation without incident. I quickly surmised that this leggy blond bitch was specifically targeting Felicia with the
intent of some type of blackmail and had
done some background checking on me.

She must have been aware that
Felicia was residing with Mary Jo, whose
rap sheet was quite lengthy but had opted to confront her at my place
instead.

&nbsp;

While haughty and overbearing
the bitch was quite business like in her tone, at about 5'11&quot; she was only
slightly shorter than myself and although on the hefty side carried her weight
reasonably well. Im afraid youll have to come with me to the Public Safety
Center downtown where youll be booked she intoned while simultaneously
producing a pair of handcuffs from inside her blazer pocket. 

&nbsp;

Ill do anything you ask if
youll give me a break begged a clearly frightened Felicia adding if you want
kinky sex thats fine with me. I dont take such bribe offers lightly she
replied prompting Felicia to continue pleading as Miss Wilcox stood listening
but not making the move to restrain her. Finally Bitch W, as Ill refer to her,
made her advance. I do have to strip search you and would prefer to do it in privacy
however I have some discretion as to whether or not to violate you and perhaps
I can be persuaded to be lenient in this case.

&nbsp;








In an instant I delivered my
second solar plexis punch of the day and it worked superbly knocking the wind out
of Bitch W. As I grabbed her handcuffs Felicia grabbed one of her arms pinning
it behind her and in seconds Bitch W was standing with her hands cuffed behind
her. I immediately proceeded to pat down the bitch assuming she was carrying a
firearm but all I found were a pepper spray device , her cell phone and ID.

&nbsp;

You know you cant get away
with this Bitch W proclaimed in a surprisingly calm voice. I then directed her
attention to my large wall screen and stood in anticipation of her reaction
when she realized I had videotaped the whole encounter. Perhaps I can be
persuaded to be lenient with you I chuckled as she stood speechless after
watching the video and realizing that I now had the upper hand. And what might
you expect of me Bitch continued in her calm, business like manner but with
the same haughty and condescending tone she had exhibited initially.

&nbsp;

My preference ideally would
be to confine her for several days in my dungeon and torture her into
submission as it was clear to me she was a lesbian dominant. Two factors made
that possibility unwise, first I already had two customers, one quite
unwilling, cuffed to the overhead in the basement. Second was that I could not
rule out the possibility that one of her colleagues was aware of her location
and would send assistance if she did not report back within a reasonable period
of time.

&nbsp;

While blackmail is not my
m.o. my sadistic imagination being what it is I had no difficulty devising a
suitable punishment for the bitch. She would be fitted with one of my chastity
belts with the computer key that can not be duplicated, only an acetylene torch
would be capable of removing the metallic device and I was absolutely confident
that the bitch would return at a designated time for removal of the device. At
that time she would be taken to the dungeon and dealt with accordingly.

&nbsp;








Bitch Ws demeanor could not
conceal her anger and humiliation as I informed her of my intentions. Leaving
her handcuffed for the moment Felicia pulled down her slacks and undergarments
as I attached the metallic contraption to her and locked it in place. For good
measure I inserted a modest size dildo into her vaginal tract, it could not be
removed without first removing the belt. I then uncuffed Bitch W and allowed her
to pull up her slacks. She was instructed to report to my house the next day,
Sunday, at 7:00PM. This meant I would have to release the mother and daughter
earlier than I had planned but it was well worth it, their training schedule
would simply be compressed.

&nbsp;

Bitch W was allowed to leave
after having spent less than a half hour at my house, she did her best to
appear stoic and had little to say. Felicia and I simply could not contain our
glee as we witnessed the abject look of humiliating defeat about her as she
left the house. Felicia celebrated by smoking a joint and I helped myself to a
stiff shot of vodka before we turned our attention to the mother and daughter
confined in the basement dungeon.

&nbsp;

END PART 25

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 26       By LONG TALL MARY

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-03-09T16:51:00Z
  2006-03-09T16:51:00Z
  1
  1787
  10187
   
  84
  23
  11951
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 26 By LONG TALL MARY

&nbsp;

Energized by our blackmail
scheme upon Felicias probation officer we both returned to the basement
dungeon where mother and daughter had been alone for nearly thirty minutes.
Both were still securely attached to the overhead but I immediately noticed
Sara had slipped her ring gag, it was dangling around her neck. Im sorry Mistress it was unintentional she
blurted out without me saying a word.

&nbsp;

My response was prompt and
non verbal as I delivered a vicious flogger lash across her boobs and before
she could recover from that another lash of equal intensity to her crotch. I
decided that what I had next in store didnt require either mother or daughter
to be gagged and I directed Felicia to remove Jeanines penis gag. The young
wench was clearly terrified and I prided myself on having fitted her with the
thick cervicle posture collar, it forced her to keep her head up and eyes
forward. Basically she just looked good with that type of collar, my
preferences for collars tend to be rather quirky and I dont always use the
cervicle on my subs.

Stepping aside momentarily I
directed Felicia to don a strap on and I did likewise explaining to her what
technique I had planned. You should have seen the look on the faces of Sara and
Jeanine when they saw what we were wearing. My technique was for Felicia to ass
fuck Jeanine from the rear and I would do the same with Sara. Our thrusts would
be in unison but they would be on the painful side as these two had done
nothing to warrant any gentle treatment.

&nbsp;

To add to their humiliation
both Sara and Jeanine were instructed that they had to sound off continuously
during the thrusting phase with Sara making barking sounds and Jeanine mooing.
If at any time the sounds were of insufficient intensity it would merely
prolong the thrusting which they were told would last for a minimum of ten
minutes. 

&nbsp;

Felicia and I delivered our
thrusts in unison and quite painfully as the two made the required sounds.
Indeed it was hilarious to listen to them and Felicia couldnt refrain from
giggling as much as I find it unbecoming a dominatrix. We kept up our thrusting
for nearly fifteen minutes assuring that the two would have sore anal tracts
for days to come. The two held up well during their ordeal but at the end it
was apparent Jeanine was on the verge of tears. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I decided it was time to take
Jeanine upstairs for interrogation as I had promised the mother earlier that I
would obtain the names of her current and past sexual partners. This meant Sara
being left in Felicias care for a period and for this reason I sacked Sara
by covering her head with my full face leather hood and adding a funnel gag.
Felicia after smoking grass has a tendency
to come on to any female in her proximity and she likely would engage in
kissing her strung up captive. Suffice to say I
frown upon this type of activity and Felicia wasnt at all surprised by
my precaution but to mollify her she was permitted to administer some moderate flogger strokes
to Sara during my absence.

&nbsp;

Removing Jeanine from the
overhead I used a rope harness arrangement to bind her wrists and elbows behind
her while also encircling her boobs. I led her upstairs to the guest bedroom
which is essentially a mini dungeon and ordered her to kneel on the floor
facing me as I commenced my interrogation. The fact that Jeanine was on the
verge of tears didnt influence me at all other than to enhance my pleasure. It
has been my experience that the teary type are charlatans seeking sympathy, a
sub in acute distress such as from gag induced
breathing problems will react differently and being the superb
dominatrix that I am will have no difficulty recognizing this.

&nbsp;

As she persisted in her
crying I took a riding crop and delivered a painful lash to her left boob and
commanding her to stop crying or more lashes would ensue. The tactic proved
effective and I turned my attention to the cervicle posture collar she had been
wearing for nearly a half hour. It is
designed to improve the posture of subs in a most uncomfortable way so to offer
her some incentive to cooperate with my interrogation I removed the collar from
her. I stated in no uncertain terms that if she continued crying or refused to
cooperate with the interrogation that the collar would be replaced and she
would be subjected to extremely painful flagellation as well.

&nbsp;








Jeanine was required to kneel
in a strict obedience posture and I
couldnt help but admire her cleavage that was accentuated by the superb
rope harness arrangement she was wearing.
I sat in front of her on the edge of the bed with my legs crossed facing her.
For interrogation purposes I permit the sub to speak rather informally without
the requirement of addressing me as Mistress after each response. None the
less I feel that the uncomfortable kneeling position enhances the effectiveness
of the interrogation as I imply that a more comfortable position will be
allowed upon completion.

&nbsp;

The interrogation proceeded
smoothly and I was confident Jeanine was being truthful in her responses.
Jeanine was not the promiscuous daughter her mother assumed she was but was
suffering some serious sexual inhibitions. To be sure she did smoke grass and
had false ID which allowed her to be served alcohol in bars but her sexual
history was relatively limited. She had sex with two different males and both
times she refused to give them head. Likewise she failed to achieve orgasm upon vaginal penetration. Suffice to say
neither guy asked her out again.

&nbsp;

She had one forced lesbian
encounter which involved BDSM but was
repulsed by both aspects.

A girl friend attempted to
tie Jeanine to the bed but she resisted strenuously. Two more girls appeared
and the two held Jeanine in place while the third sat upon her face and ordered
her to lick her pussy Jeanine continued to resist and ultimately the trio of
molesters gave up but it was clear from her description of the incident that
she had no lesbian orientation.

&nbsp;

As a dominatrix my
responsibility is to fulfill the clients wishes which in this case was to
modify the behavior of the daughter by inducing in her a fear that she will
undergo the same brutal discipline in the future should she not change her
ways. In this case I felt justified in being concerned with Jeanines sexual
development which was overall quite lacking. With her current disposition she
would be repulsive to most males and
would continue with her objectionable habits. My client would not be getting
what she had paid for although this case was atypical in that the client
herself was an unwilling occupant of my dungeon.

&nbsp;

I decided to enlist the
services of a male bondage co-trainer and my first choice was Troy who had
recently performed to my satisfaction with the submissive female police
officer. Troy enthusiastically accepted the current assignment and was able to
arrive within the hour if necessary. 

&nbsp;








This necessitated a change in
my plans as I had intended to release both mother and daughter sometime during
the evening so both would not be present when the probation officer arrived for
her session the next morning. Instead I decided the mother would be released
within the hour and the daughter confined until later the next day as per the
original agreement. Jeanine would be confined so that neither she or the p.o.
would be aware of each others presence. Troy was directed to arrive at 3:00PM.
Jeanine was temporarily permitted to lie face down on the bed with the rope
harness still in place and her legs spreadeagled with leather cuffs to the
bedposts.

&nbsp;

Upon returning to the
basement dungeon I found Felicia sitting on a chair watching a porn video with
the hooded Sara strung up on the overhead a few feet away. I removed Saras
hood and explained to her the change in plans which needless to say she found
acceptable. Her ordeal had been nowhere near what Jeanine would experience
before her release but I had the
distinct impression that Sara wasnt entirely uncomfortable being a bondage
submissive however would have preferred that her daughter not been present. 

&nbsp;

After Sara departed we turned
our attention to Jeanine and she was brought from the upstairs bedroom to the
dungeon. While nudity is the rule in my dungeon I felt this was one case in
which to deviate from the rule. Jeanine was made to wear a garter belt and hose
coupled with heels. She remained topless but was fitted with a whorish looking
blond wig much on the order of what Felicia was wearing. The clothes were used
during my early years as a dominatrix when I trained mostly males and
frequently they were made to cross dress. To enhance Jeanines appearance
Felicia spent nearly forty five minutes applying makeup and I was quite pleased
with her work.

&nbsp;

Next on the agenda was
teaching Jeanine to walk in heels which in this case required a crash course
due to her inexperience in that respect. A thirty foot leash was attached to a
narrow neck collar I attached to her and the other end was tethered to a
ceiling beam. This enabled her to walk back and forth across the entire length
of the dungeon, the leashing was strictly for humiliation as there was little
danger of her attempting to escape. 

&nbsp;

As I sat in a chair, much like the directors chair in a movie
studio, Jeanine spent the next forty five minutes learning the essentials of
heel walking. Felicia stood a few feet away wielding a flogger and four times I
directed Felicia to administer lashes when I felt Jeanine was not making a
serious enough effort. While more walk training was in order time was rather
limited so after forty five minutes Jeanine was locked in my cell with a short
chain leading from her padlocked collar

to a bolt in the floor. I
feel strongly that subs should be in some type of restraint at all times even
when confined to a cell, it reinforces their feelings of helplessness and adds
to the erotic pleasure of the dominatrix.

&nbsp;








Felicia and I went upstairs
with Troy not due to arrive for nearly two hours. Despite the fact that she was
receiving a portion of the session fee I expect tribute from Felicia due to the
generous hospitality I have shown her over the years. It can be either sexual
or in the form of housework, Felicia has performed both in the past but today
my concern was that Felicia was somewhat infatuated with Troy although the
feeling was not reciprocal and thus preventive measures were warranted to avoid
distraction with the training of Jeanine.

&nbsp;

I took Felicia to the guest
bedroom and arranged her in a moderately restrictive rope hog tie. She was
accustomed to being so tied before
serving me sexually and offered no resistance. Once secured I informed her that
she would remain in restraint until the completion of the training session and
would not be allowed to speak with Troy. In addition I would have sex with
Troy, actually I had no such intention but Felicia would be blindfolded and not
aware of the simulation.

&nbsp;

This hit a raw nerve with
Felicia and in such a state she is prone to struggle in her hog tie, even
though I was absolutely confident she couldnt
escape she could roll to the floor. To prevent this I attached a narrow
collar with a three foot chain which was tethered to the head board. To
complement this restraint I applied a special penis gag, one which I knew she
particularly detested.

&nbsp;

This was all part of payback
for her involving me in the abduction scheme of Pedros girl friend as well as
for the numerous other transgressions she routinely commits. With Troy not due for another hour
and a half I retired to my living room sofa to make a few phone calls while
periodically monitoring both Felicia and Jeanine over the CCTV. Jeanine endured
her confinement quietly while Felicia abandoned
moaning through her gag and her pointless struggling ,bitterly resigning
herself to the ordeal I had in store for her.

&nbsp;

END PART 26 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY   Part 27       By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-03-09T16:52:00Z
  2006-03-09T16:52:00Z
  1
  1252
  7142
   
  59
  16
  8378
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL
MARY Part 27 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

With my phone calls complete
I sat reminiscing about some of the most memorable moments of my dominatrix career. The one that
immediately came to mind was the most hilariously bizarre of all time although
it could have easily resulted in my being arrested and imprisoned.

&nbsp;

A few months back I had
arranged a meeting at my house with a prospective female sub whom I had met on
AOL. Her name was Sherry, in her early 30s and from North Syracuse. She claimed
to have no BDSM experience but her submissive curiosity was quite strong. In
cases such as I this I always require voice verification as to protect against
minors and males impersonating females. After a brief phone chat I was
satisfied she was legitimate. She claimed to have no photo available and the
only physical description I obtained from her is that she was a petite brunette
and her approximate age.

&nbsp;

Sherry was scheduled to
arrive at 4:00PM on a Sunday and true to my custom she was informed to expect restraint
immediately upon arrival. No session fee had been agreed upon as I occasionally
waive the requirement if I feel that a novice sub is sincere but uncertain as to whether she is ready for
a dungeon session. She give no indication of what she would be wearing nor did
I specify anything in particular.

&nbsp;

At 3:55PM my doorbell rang
and I observed a petit 30ish brunette wearing a beige business suit in the
driveway. Opening the door I beckoned her inside and immediately cuffed her
hands behind. This evoked a vehement reaction with an anguished cry of why are
you doing this. Rarely do I gag a sub in the garage but as I my luck would
have it on this occasion I was carrying a ball gag with me and quickly strapped
it in place to silence her. 

&nbsp;

The degree of resistance she
was offering was somewhat surprising to me considering she had been forewarned,
none the less my protocol for struggling submissives is that they are dragged
down the stairs and attached to an overhead mount with their arms drawn up
behind them, a most painful position indeed. I had no difficulty securing her
in this manner and a short hobble was attached to her ankles to protect against
kicking.

&nbsp;








No sooner had I finished
securing my visitor than the doorbell rang. Much to my chagrin I noticed
another petit brunette about 30 at the door
provocatively attired in a black vinyl miniskirt and pink halter top.
And you are whom I inquired upon opening the door. Im Sherry, Mistress was
the reply. Calmness in the face of such a surprise is one of my personal
strengths and I escorted Sherry to the upstairs guest bedroom without giving a
clue as to what was happening. I
instructed her to kneel at the foot of the bed and cuffed her hands to the
bedpost. Upon informing Sherry that I would return shortly I proceeded to the
basement most eager to ascertain the identity of my captive there.

&nbsp;

Never in my life have I been
so humiliated nor have I apologized to another female but it happened in this
case. The bewildered captive was in tears and after removing her ball gag she
provided this explanation: she was a real estate agent from Marcellus who had a
habit of visiting prospective real estate clients even if there was no reason
to believe the property was to be sold. Since there arent many real estate
agents from Marcellus I wont mention her first name.

&nbsp;

I immediately freed the woman
from her restraints and using my powers of persuasion to the utmost set about
her to convince her that I was a professional dominatrix and that she was a
victim of mistaken identity. It was to my immense relief that she readily
accepted this and displayed no animosity. 

&nbsp;

We spent nearly a half hour
talking and I learned a fair amount about her personal life .I offered her free
unlimited service at my dungeon which she declined. She was tolerant of bondage
but had no personal interest in it although she seemed somewhat intrigued by my
explanation of the life style. She departed and I was satisfied she had
accepted my apology.

&nbsp;

To further make amends I gave
her a one year gift certificate for unlimited food and drink at my
downtown bar. Much to my surprise she
has stopped by the bar three times and each time we chatted pleasantly while enjoying the menu offerings,
the conversation has never been about bondage although she has confided some
other sexual intimacies to me. Happily she was also able to cultivate a new
real estate client whom she met at the bar. 

&nbsp;

Troy arrived as scheduled
eager to begin the session with Jeanine but first I treated him to the sight of
Felicia hogtied, tethered and gagged in my guest room. His reaction was a crude
finger fucking of her before we went back to the living room for discussion.

&nbsp;








The relationship between
Felicia and Troy has been a checkered one. Some time back Felicia had arranged
a bondage session at the home of a husband and wife with the understanding that
both would submit to her in her role as a dominatrix as well as Troy and this
would include gay sex. Felicia then enlisted Troy to accompany her but only for
security reasons. Troy accepted and once the session began Felicia ordered him
to force the male client to perform oral sex on
Troy.

&nbsp;

Troy was infuriated as he has
made it clear in the past that he will not perform any gay sex and that he had
been duped by Felicia. The two got into an argument in front of the couple and
Troy walked out leaving Felicia unable to provide what she had promised the
couple earlier. 

&nbsp;

Further straining the
relationship was the fact that Felicia in the past has been obsessed with
serving Troy in a submissive capacity, something which he had absolutely no
interest in. At one point Felicia was making dozens of cell phone calls a day
to him and engaging in other stalking behavior. It took intervention by me to
persuade Felicia to abandon her obsession and had I not done so a violent
physician confrontation between the two would have occurred.

&nbsp;

Considering this history Troy
was more than willing to participate in my scenario. As it required
blindfolding Felicia I fitted her with my full face leather mask and laced it
tightly in place after first removing her penis gag. Troy and I then assumed
positions on the bed to simulate we were engaging in conventional intercourse
with Troy thrusting into my cunt.

&nbsp;

The thought that I would
consider allowing any male to penetrate me compounded by Felicias obsession
with Troy doing so to her was sufficient to induce violent behavior by Felicia
which of course was why she was safely restrained. As Troy and I proceeded with
her simulation Felicia began hurling epithets at both of us which is precisely
the reason why I had removed her gag.

&nbsp;

While Felicia was certainly
receiving her due reward it was tormenting for me as well which is something I
dont like to concede, that being the thought of having Troy inside me. I have
never been tempted to permit a maledom to do so but in this case I experienced
just such temptation. I was able to resist and after about ten minutes of
simulated thrusting we stopped. During that time I did my best to fake erotic
moaning and to convince Felicia that I had experienced multiple orgasms.

&nbsp;








Felicia is well aware of my
intolerance for personal epithets directed at me and that severe punishment is
swift and certain. I removed her hood which enabled her to see me nude and Troy
pulling up his pants. If looks could kill! As a dominatrix it is my role to
ascertain what type of sexual act that a client finds the most repulsive and
them force that upon them. Long ago Felicia had confided such a repulsion for
urine soaked panties stuffed in the mouth. This is a technique I rarely employ
so it must have come as quite a shock to Felicia when I produced a set of my
urine soaked panties, stuffed them in her mouth and sealed it securely with
duct tape.

&nbsp;

I felt one final indignity
was appropriate for Felicia before leaving her unattended for a spell. Still
nude I permitted Troy to attach a collar and leash to me and lead me out of the
guest room. She realized that protesting through the gag was impossible and
would only have added to my erotic delight.

&nbsp;

Upon leaving the bedroom I
immediately dressed, the collar was removed and Troy and I sat down in the
living room to discuss an appropriate training regimen for Jeanine.

&nbsp;

END PART 27

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 28     By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-05-04T01:24:00Z
  2006-05-04T01:24:00Z
  1
  1591
  9075
   
  75
  21
  10645
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 28 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

As Troy and I sat in my
living room I set forth my agenda for Jeanines training. When someone serves
as a co-trainer with me it is something of a misnomer, assistant would be a
more apt term. The only latitude I allow a guest trainer is the restraint mode.
Few doms or dominatrixes are as skilled as myself with ropework and they tend
to prefer leather cuffs. I will honor this preference but all other aspects of
the session are dictated by me.

&nbsp;

In the case of Jeanine she
needed a healthy dose of both oral and vaginal sex by Troy after which she
would experience the joy of oral sex with a dominatrix. The degree of
flagellation she would be subjected to
would be dependent upon her
responsiveness to this sexual training
I was particularly concerned about her inability to achieve orgasm.
While Im not an expert, at least medically,
on female sexual dysfunction it is not unreasonable to suspect situational
partner rejection as a cause, perhaps she was just turned off by her previous
partners. I would observe her closely as she served Troy and hopefully form
some conclusion.

&nbsp;

Troy donned his trademark
leather trainers hood. With Troy bare chested and in jeans we both returned to
the basement where Jeanine sat forlornly on the floor of the cell with her
tether chain preventing her from standing fully erect. She had been instructed earlier
that when Troy approached the cell she would kneel on all fours on the cell
floor and greet him by saying Master Troy I am at your service.

I was shocked to find she
remained sitting on the floor with her face looking down and away from us.

&nbsp;

I never tolerate such
disobedience from a submissive and with my flogger in hand I unlocked the cell
door and prepared to administer a severe flogging to the wench. Before I could
she blurted out that she would not obey any commands and demanded to be released.
She exhibited what I thought were symptoms of a panic attack in the form of
hyperventilating and extreme agitation. Something was not quite right here.

&nbsp;








When I accept a new
submissive for training I inquire as to whether or not they have any medical
conditions which might impair their ability to withstand the rigors. My prime
concerns are asthma and panic disorder. In Jeanines case her mother assured me
that no such conditions existed. Jeanine s symptoms appeared to be involuntary
and while I had earlier suspected her crying to be fabricated I wasnt so
certain about her current behavior. Being the responsible dominatrix I am the
last thing I wanted was a medical emergency.

My reaction was to refrain
from flogging and she was left to sit in the cell still collar chained to the
wall. At times like this a dominatrix often requires special expertise and for
this reason I immediately placed a call to a fellow dominatrix, Lorraine.

&nbsp;

Lorraine is not an active
professional dominatrix and her practice is limited to long term relationships
with 24/7 male slaves. Years back when I was managing Craigs suburban BDSM bordello Lorraine filled in a few times
as a substitute and was extremely competent with her sadistic instincts on a
par with mine. At 50 years old, 5'7 and at least 190 pounds the sometime blond
was indeed a BBW but still attractive to male subs in a way that many more
petite dominatrixes can only aspire to.

&nbsp;

In this case it was not her
sadistic talents that I sought as much as her medical expertise. Lorraine is a
registered psychiatric nurse and is employed as such by a local psychiatric in
patient facility.

She has the ability to inject
sedative drugs and always has a supply available for unofficial use. Lorraine
only lives about two miles away and arrived at my house within twenty minutes
of receiving my call.

&nbsp;

Clad only in a gray
sweatshirt and blue sweatpants she arrived carrying a black medical type bag.
After exchanging pleasantries we proceeded to the basement where Troy had
just placed a bondage hood over
Jeanines head to prevent her from identifying Lorraine. Troy and I held her in
place and with practiced precision Lorraine promptly injected valium into her
arm. The dose was calculated to heavily sedate her but not cause unconsciousness
and it took effect instantly. After removing the bondage hood I left Troy to
observe Jeanine for a few minutes before progressing with her training.

&nbsp;

Lorraine was quite pleased to
learn that Felicia was confined upstairs. They have long been enemies dating
back to Lorraines substitute work at the bordello where they once had a
violent fight which ended with Felicia being locked in the pillory for more
than a day. To compensate Lorraine for her prompt response to my call it was only fitting to
allow her to have her way with Felicia for a few minutes. 

&nbsp;








I always enjoy springing
surprises upon my submissives so I removed the tape and urine soaked panties
from Felicias mouth and indicated it was time to free her from her hogtie. Oh
by the way an old friend stopped by to visit I chuckled and at that moment
Lorraine entered the room. The look of hatred about Felicia was obvious and her
first words to Lorraine were You filthy cow. Lorraine smiled as she remarked if I had known you were here I
would have brought my bull whip, Lorraine being one of the rare dominatrixes
to use such a whip, then proceeded to remove her sweats and panties. 

&nbsp;

Needless to say Felicia
remained hogtied for I did not care to facilitate a catfight between two mean
spirited women. While Felicia is a hardened
pain slut there are certain torments she can not tolerate, one of these is being face sat by a 190 pound
dominatrix. Another is being deep fisted which Felicia had recently inflicted
upon Pedros lover. 

&nbsp;

After removing the hogtie
connector Lorraine positioned herself atop Felicia facing her feet with her
asshole within reach of her mouth. Felicia had no choice but to use her tongue
deep licking Lorraines asshole for nearly ten minutes. Whenever Felicia slackened
her pace Lorraine would merely place her
fist upon Felicias snatch instantly inducing her to perform in a more
satisfactory manner.

&nbsp;

Quite to my surprise Lorraine
ended the session without subjecting Felicia to any fisting or other form of
torture. After putting her sweats back on she departed rather hurriedly as she
had another engagement. I decided Felicia needed to remain in restraints until
her rage had subsided but I did allow
her greater comfort by not redoing the hog tie and she remained tethered to the
headboard by her collar. A funnel gag allowed her to breath but spared me from
having to listen to her pleas for leniency.

&nbsp;

Upon returning to the
basement I found that the sedative had taken effect and that Jeanine was
sitting quietly in the cell. Troy was seated across the room and presumably he
had heeded my edict not to speak or touch her in my absence. I ordered Jeanine
to address Troy in the proper manner and she continued to balk.

&nbsp;

Before commencing with my
flogging of the wench I informed her that if she continued her defiance I was
prepared to sell her into slavery with a vivid description of such a life
beginning with voyage in the hold of an oil tanker bound for Saudi Arabia where
upon arrival she would be spend the rest of her days in some sheiks harem. Of
course I was not prepared to follow through on this threat but it is amazing
what effect it has upon a defiant sub.

&nbsp;








This threat seemed to wither
her resistance but for good measure I delivered several lashes to her boobs and
buttocks after yanking her to her feet with the chain. She grimaced in pain but
the sedation prevented the agitation and hyperventilation previously exhibited.
I then permitted Troy to restrain her as he saw fit and his preference was for
a frog tie using leather ankle and wrists cuffs forcing her to sit on a cushion
and lewdly spread wide open.

&nbsp;

In this case I gave the
orders and she was told to first use her mouth to suck Troys cock and that she
would be mouth fucked and forced to swallow his wad if she did perform to
satisfaction. Troy inserted a metal dental gag into her mouth ratcheting it so
that her mouth was maximally stretched open. After several minutes of her mouth
work without ejaculating Troy indicated he was satisfied and I decided it was
time to move on to coital fucking.

&nbsp;

I removed the dental gag from the mouth but
replaced it with a rather poorly fitting ball gag after warning her of the
consequences should she somehow expel the rubber intruder. The joy of hearing
the erotic moaning of a gagged submissive as she is involuntarily fucked is
simply too overwhelming to resist.

&nbsp;

Troy mounted her and began
thrusting into her cunt with his cock as I positioned myself standing beside
them. My superficial finger fucking of her revealed she was copiously moist and
no lubricant was required. I closely observed her breathing and nipple
responses. The moaning on her part was quite genuine unlike hookers who are
skilled at faking such responses. She had the first of multiple climaxes within
three minutes and I had Troy continue his thrusting for nearly ten minutes
before he climaxed and withdrew,  

&nbsp;

As much as it is my intent to
inflict sufficiently cruel torture upon my submissives I found it reassuring
that the wench was not sexually dysfunctional. Troy lacks the visceral sadism
that is my trademark but since I was micro managing this session it was of no
consequence. Since all of his other clients are most willing im certain it was
a treat for Troy to be able to fuck a restrained and semi willing submissive.

&nbsp;

So far Jeanine was not
meeting my obedience requirements. While it was a relief to find that she could
experience orgasm it was offset by the fact that she found it enjoyable.
Submissives are molded by being forced to do what they enjoy the least and so
far the degree of disciplinary techniques she had been subjected to were relatively mild.

&nbsp;








With the fuck session
complete I decided not to allow Jeanine the comfort of the holding cell in
which she had previously been confined. Instead she would spend an hour or two
standing in my pillory device with her head and arms locked in the holes. It
was a very uncomfortable position and I
made it clear to her that unless her attitude improved she could expect far
greater discomfort. Troy and I went upstairs to chat for a few minutes keeping
a careful eye on Jeanine over the dungeon cam.

&nbsp;

Much remained to be done in
addition to Jeanines training. I had to decide what to do with Felicia and of
course her probation officer, Bitch Wilcox, was due the next day for removal of
her chastity device. 

&nbsp;

END PART 28

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 29          By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-05-04T01:25:00Z
  2006-05-04T01:25:00Z
  1
  861
  4910
   
  40
  11
  5760
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 29 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

As the owner of a moderately
prosperous downtown Syracuse bar my presence there is frequently required
although I am quite fortunate in having a competent bar manager. To some degree
this conflicts with my dominatrix business as it is not uncommon for submissives to be confined overnight in
my holding cell.

&nbsp;

Realistically they cant be
left unattended so I am forever in need of a reliable assistant to manage my dungeon in my absence. In the
past I have relied heavily on Felicia Porter but the end of the line in my
relationship with her was fast approaching.

&nbsp;

The fact that she had an
interest in a competing dominatrix business in partnership with the despicable
Mary Jo was one strike against her. Another was Felicias tendency to attempt
to have her way with the confined subs during my absence.

&nbsp;

I have a long standing rule
that in my absence no one will have any
physical contact with the subs and conversation is expected to be minimal.
While I do have the capability to monitor my dungeon via web cam from wherever
I might be it is impossible to monitor it continuously. More than once it had
come to my attention that Felicia had attempted to impose herself upon my subs
but I tended to ignore it as realistically I had no one else I could trust for the job.  

&nbsp;

Troy and I had a brief chat
and he departed after being paid his session fee. With Felicia securely
restrained in the guest bedroom it was the ideal time to read her the riot act
and inform her that her services would not be needed in the future. Since
Felicia had remained ungagged since Lorraines departure I reinserted the penis
gag she had been wearing prior to the
urine soaked panty gag. Im so tired of listening to these bitches whining when
I deliver bad news.

&nbsp;

In my matter of fact style I
informed her that her services would not be needed in the near future but
should she decide to sever her relationship with Mary Jo I would reconsider her
retention. For a sweetener I offered her $1000.00 if she could deliver Mary Jo
to my dungeon something that would never occur voluntarily. I also informed Felicia she would receive $500.00 immediately
in severance pay, such is my
munificence. Felicia would remain confined to the guest bedroom overnight and
would be released in the morning without being allowed to participate in the
humiliation of her probation officer. 

&nbsp;








Felicia was left to sulk for
the night in her restraints and was denied the pleasure of any dildo
insertions. Her gag would be removed in about an hour.

&nbsp;

Next I turned my attention to
the defiant Jeanine. After speaking with her briefly it was clear that she
would not willingly participate in my speech recitation exercises. Ordinarily
electroshock therapy will induce the most defiant of submissives to cooperate
but in this case I was mindful of her previous panic symptoms and decided it
best to refrain from that training modality.

&nbsp;

Jeanine was still quite
sedated from the earlier injection and would have enjoyed a comfortable nights
sleep in my cell were I to have permitted it. To punish her for her defiance I
decided she would spend the night secured to a chair in my bedroom where she
would remain under my watchful eye. After first placing a leather hood over her
head I removed her from the pillory and escorted her upstairs which is not an
easy feat when blindfolded and unaccustomed to heels.

&nbsp;

She was secured to my high
backed, sturdy frame bondage chair by means of leather cuffs and straps tightly
attached to her wrists, elbows, hips, ankles and waist. I prided myself on my
workmanship knowing she had a minimal range of movement and would not have a
comfortable sleep by any means. Her leather hood was removed and a funnel gag
was strapped into place, this would spare me from listening to her pleas for
mercy.

&nbsp;

 As the gag was not of an ideal fit it would
be possible for her to dislodge it so I forewarned her that if this were to
happen she 

would be hooded for the
night. You should have seen the hostile glare she gave me. My reaction was to
attach a pair of nipple clamps connected by a chain to her nipples and tug it
back and forth a few times. This resulted in a delectable shriek of pain only
partially suppressed by the gag. As she would suffer plenty of torture in the
morning I removed the clamps taking delight in having exceeded her threshhold
of pain.

&nbsp;

After changing into my
nighties I downed a sleeping pill and fixed myself a stiff martini before lying
down on my bed. Jeanines chair was positioned so that she would be forced to
look at me continuously. Im certain she found that aspect of her confinement
to be most humiliating by itself but her plight was my delight.

&nbsp;








Using my CCTV I flicked on
the guest bedroom monitor to check on Felicia, she was lying as comfortably as
she could and resigned to being there overnight. I then flicked on a porno
torture video on the screen which was positioned at the foot of my bed. The
video was replete with screaming which only added to Jeanines distress. As the
unit is a multiplex I can broadcast different programs to different rooms in
the house. Rather than permit Felicia the enjoyment of seeing and hearing the
erotic flick I programmed a recording of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir which I
had made some time ago onto the monitor in her room. It featured ninety minutes
of gospel music which I cranked up to a very loud decibel level.

Experience has proven that
subjecting submissives to this type of music is a form of torture by itself
however soft.

&nbsp;

After about thirty minutes of
watching I fell asleep after turning off the porno flick but leaving the gospel
program on for Felicia. I had a busy day ahead of me.

&nbsp;

END PART 29

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 30           By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-05-18T16:15:00Z
  2006-05-18T16:15:00Z
  1
  1930
  11004
   
  91
  25
  12909
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 30 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

No sooner than having fallen
asleep I was awakened by the ringing of the phone. A glance at Caller ID showed
the call was coming from the office phone at my bar. Rarely if ever have I been
called so late and I knew immediately that some serious problem existed.

&nbsp;

My fears were quickly
confirmed as Patti, my bar manager, informed me that a seemingly distraught
woman named Sara was at the bar and had threatened to make public very damaging
information about me if I did not bring her daughter to the bar within the
hour. I instructed Patti to put Sara on the line after which she immediately
proceeded to repeat the demand without offering any further explanation.

&nbsp;

Reasoning with a demented
bitch such as this is certainly not in a days work but I did my best to attempt
to do so with her after moving to another room so as to prevent Jeanine from
being aware of my predicament. I told Sara I was in no condition to drive but
if she were to drive to my home the daughter would be released without
question. No way was Sara buying this as she correctly feared she would be
taken captive for the second time in twenty-four hours.

&nbsp;

I sensed that Sara was under
the influence or alcohol or drugs to embolden her to make her demands but after
several minutes I persuaded her that if she drove into my driveway Jeanine
would be waiting in the garage and would be released without it being necessary
for Sara to exit her vehicle. Of course I had no such intentions and I was
confident I would be able to overpower Sara and confine her in the dungeon
along with her daughter. Since Sara had mentioned she was on vacation from work the coming week she wouldnt be
missed. I requested that Sara arrive in precisely one
hour so as to allow sufficient time for preparations.

&nbsp;

For the second time in eight
hours I found it necessary to contact fellow dominatrix Lorraine and request
her assistance. Despite the lateness of the hour she readily agreed, perhaps
the fact that I volunteered that Felicia was still confined contributed to her
decision.

&nbsp;








I strongly suspect that Sara
harbored a desire to undergo submissive discipline but that she could not bring
herself to be straightforward about it. She must have realized that her
blackmail attempt would certainly incur my wrath. Had she simply called, even
at the late hour, I would have released Jeanine without question but her
blackmail attempt could not go unpunished if I were to maintain any credibility
as a dominatrix.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Jeanine reacted with subdued
surprise when I informed her that her mother would be picking her up shortly
but as a condition of release Jeanine would have to display proper obedience by
addressing her mother in a manner I would specify. I had her dress in the same
blouse, sweater and slacks she had worn upon arrival and escorted her to my
garage. Her wig was removed revealing her freshly shortened hair. She was
instructed to stand on the floor with
her hands laced behind her head. A pair of steel cuffs were attached to her
ankles which would prevent her from escaping or assisting in what I expected
would be a struggle. She was barefoot for the moment her heels having been
removed. In addition she was made to wear a collar to which a six foot
padlocked chain was attached. The upper end of the chain was attached to the roof rack of my van so that she was forced to
stand tethered like a puppet. As a precaution against attempting to alert her
mother of my intentions I sealed a piece of flesh colored tape over her mouth,
from a distance it was not visible.

&nbsp;

When Sara arrived my garage
door would be opened and Jeanine would be on display. Fortunately my garage is
situated nearly 200 feet from the roadway and not readily visible to traffic or
neighbors. My plan called for Lorraine to meet Sara in the driveway and coax her out of the vehicle after assuring Sara
that I would remain inside.

&nbsp;

Lorraines blazer pulled into
my driveway just as I was finishing securing Jeanine in the garage. She was
attired in the same sweatshirt and sweat pants as earlier and was carrying her
black bag. Jeanine probably not realizing that she was the one who had injected
her earlier gave Lorraine a hostile glare. Lorraine ignored her and we stepped
inside the house to discuss our strategy for overpowering Sara.

&nbsp;

Lorraine never seemed to care
about her appearance when dealing with females but with male submissives she
invariably wore custom fitted exquisite leather gear, of course with her girth
and payload custom clothing was absolutely necessary. I was clad rather
informally in a two-piece dark blue jogging outfit. Situations such as this
dont allow the luxury of formal
dressing and primping.

&nbsp;








Saras Lexus pulled into the
driveway about ten minutes later. The garage door was opened and with the
interior illumination Sara could observe her tethered daughter. Lorraine walked
out to the Lexus and spoke with Sara who no doubt expected that her daughter
would be led to the vehicle without Sara having to exit it. 

&nbsp;

Being a psychiatric nurse
Lorraine is quite skilled at employing chicanery on bitches such as Sara and
was able to convince her that if she approached the garage Jeanine would give a
recitation of an apology after which she would be released. Lorraine assured
Sara that I would remain in the house.

&nbsp;

Sara cautiously stepped out
of her vehicle and was attired in a knee length leather coat and slacks. With
Lorraine to her left she walked the fifty feet to the garage and upon reaching
the garage door Lorraine very adeptly removed a Raptor stun gun she had
concealed underneath her sweatshirt and held it briefly to Saras neck while
holding down the switch.

&nbsp;

Writhing from the shock Sara
fell backwards against the garage door frame and in a instant I emerged from
just inside the hallway and had no difficulty cuffing her hands behind her.
Well well, its time for a mother and daughter reunion I chuckled and as I
dragged the still stunned and unresisting Sara to the basement. As per our plan
Lorraine escorted Jeanine back to my bedroom where she would be restrained temporarily although at this point I wasnt
exactly certain as what punishments were in order for her.

&nbsp;

Sara recovered rather quickly
from the Raptor shock and had nothing to say as I removed the cuffs from her
and ordered her to undress. By this time Lorraine was with me in the basement
and her presence alone was sufficient to discourage any resistance by Sara.
After undressing she was attached to an overhead bar with leather cuffs and
likewise leather cuffs were used with an ankle spreader. The cervical posture
collar was fastened around her neck as I like my bitches to keep their heads
held high. Hardly an original restraint position but it was only the first of
several I had planned.

&nbsp;








Im sorry mistress I realize
the error of my ways Sara blurted out gratuitously. Using my bare hands I
twisted each of her nipples as hard as I could evoke a shriek after which I
reminded her the basic requirement that she not speak without permission. Her
pitiful utterances confirmed my suspicions that she was a latent submissive who
could not bring herself to seek out a dominatrix in the normal manner. What was
to be abnormal was that by embarrassing me in front of my bar manager she would
receive the full force and fury of my sadistic ways such as no other submissive
ever had.

&nbsp;

An issue still unresolved was
how to deal with Jeanine who clearly was in need of further discipline. Since
this was the first time I had ever trained a mother and daughter together the
question as to whether to force them to perform sexual acts upon each other
weighed on my mind. My qualms over the matter ultimately influenced me to
refrain from such methods. In general I
have no qualms about forcing gay or lesbian sex on my clientele but the
question of incestuous sex is another matter. 

&nbsp;

Lorraine had brought her
10-foot custom-made bull whip along with her probably with the expectation she
would be allowed to use it on Felicia. A bull whip, originally designed for
cowboys herding animals, can rip a human to shreds. In all of my years as a
dominatrix the only two persons I had ever seen using the bullwhip were the
late Mad Max and Lorraine. Max was reckless in his use of the device and at
least one of his submissives suffered permanent scarring.

&nbsp;

In my years as a managing
dominatrix I have never permitted bull whips to be used. However on at least
two occasions I had witnessed first hand Lorraine using it on a male submissive
and no permanent injury resulted. In addition I was aware that Lorraine had
worked part time as a circus performer years ago performing a bull whip act.
Among her tricks was whipping a card out of the outstretched hand of her
partner without making contact with the skin. Therefore I had no reservations
about permitting her to use the device upon Sara and had she been unwilling to
do so I would have attempted it on my own such was my fury.

&nbsp;

As I stood to the side with
my arms folded and smiling Lorraine commenced with her flagellation of the
naked strung up bitch. Standing back the length of the 10 foot whip Lorraine
administered about 15 lashes of varying intensities concentrating mainly on the
back in addition to the boobs resulting in Sara cringing repeatedly in pain.
Having completed her series of latches I picked up one of my riding crops and
delivered one of the hardest lashes ever to her crotch. 

&nbsp;








Sara began to plead for mercy
obviously realizing that it was not be granted. I strapped a ball gag on the
bitch just to avoid listening to her pitiful pleas and proceeded to set forth a
general outline of what she could expect. She would be confined for at least 48
hours and amongst other tortures would undergo a comprehensive disciplinary
program which would include electroshock therapy. Her daughter would not be
released prior to Saras but the two would be allowed to see each other
periodically with no conversation permitted. Keeping a submissive in endurance
bondage is something that I do rarely, by this I mean in a standing restraint
position for hours without the possibility of sitting or bending. It is
business as usual to confine my subs overnight in the holding cell for example
but obviously this permits a modest level of comfort. For Sara I decided at
least six hours standing attached to the overhead was appropriate. In addition
she would be subjected to periodic verbal taunting by means of the CCTV. 

&nbsp;

Leaving Sara to languish in
discomfort for the night Lorraine and I headed upstairs to check on our other
two guests, Felicia and Jeanine. After explaining my intentions to Lorraine I
decided to try a ploy with Felicia as I was desperate for her to deliver Mary
Jo to me. Lorraine would threaten to use her bull whip on Sheila and I would
dissuade her from doing so coming off by pretending to be concerned that she
could withstand no more torture.

&nbsp;

This
went off as planned but Lorraine did insist on having Felicia lick her pussy
for about five minutes. As this was preferable to asshole licking and obviously
bull whipping Felicia submitted to the indignity and performed quite
vigorously. Lorraine is not much for being serviced orally by females but the intensity of her dislike for Sheila
made it suddenly very attractive.

&nbsp;

To
further assuage any hostility towards me by Felicia I freed her from her
restraints and she was permitted to
leave the premises at this point. She departed having been thoroughly ravaged
within the past twenty four hours-once by Troy and myself and twice by
Lorraine. Not surprisingly Felicia appeared dejected as she left although the
fact that I paid her severance in cash undoubtedly lifted her spirits somewhat.
I was cautiously optimistic that she would turn on Mary Jo and deliver her to
my dungeon.

&nbsp;

Next
I turned my attention to Jeanine who was fully clothed and handcuffed to the
rack in my bedroom closet. Since no submissive spends the night with me fully
clothed I removed the handcuffs and ordered her to undress which she did
without any ado. Rather than reattach her to the chair I generously decided to
modify her bondage for the remainder of the night. As she was already wearing a
padlocked collar I attached a six foot chain and padlocked it to the close rack
enabling her to sleep on the floor of the closet. I left her ungagged but
warned her that the first words spoken by her would result in wearing both a
gag and the dreaded leather hood.








Lorraine showed no interest
in inflicting any abuse upon Jeanine. She did offer to administer another
injection of Valium but as this would result in a more comfortable night of
sleep for her I declined the offer. After offering my sincere and profuse
thanks for her services Lorraine departed and I tried to resume my sleep with a
very busy day ahead of me.

&nbsp;

END PART 30

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY    Part 31        By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-05-19T12:36:00Z
  2006-05-19T12:36:00Z
  1
  792
  4518
   
  37
  10
  5300
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL
MARY Part 31 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

Once again I lay reminiscing
of some of the events of my lengthy bondage career. As a consummate dominatrix,
and not just by Syracuse standards, I am truly a legend in my time. 

&nbsp;

The
later thought evoked memories of an incident when I was managing dominatrix for
Craigs bordello and was forced to fire
an associate dominatrix for misconduct. Not content to accept dismissal without
comment she disparagingly remarked that I was in love with myself and a legend
in my own mind.

&nbsp;

Her
audacity resulted in her being stripped and locked in the pillory stocks for the next three hours. During that period
I arranged for five of the other associates to gather at the bordello or
hotel where they were treated to the sight of their former colleague
helplessly restrained. The pilloried bitch was blindfolded and I made each of
the five associates use a strap on to ass fuck her. Not surprisingly she never
performed as a dominatrix again locally and no longer resides in the area.

&nbsp;

Another
pleasurable memory involved one of my male subs who paid for a full session
with a dominatrix. I remember his very athletic legs complimented by an
unsightly paunch. His claim to be a jogger explained the legs and I suspect the
paunch was largely due to prodigious dietary habits. 

&nbsp;

My
concern was that he had the odor of alcohol on his breath. I had a firm rule
that no subs were allowed in the dungeon if they were under the influence. Even
if not visibly intoxicated any
indication they have imbibed in the least is cause to terminate the session but
since this was his first session I gave him a stern warning and the session
went forward.

&nbsp;

The
next month he returned for his second session and this time he was visibly
intoxicated and joking about it. Well the joke was on him. After he was
undressed and tightly restrained I informed him that Mad Max would be his
trainer for the session and fortunately Max was able to respond within fifteen
minutes. My sub who had previously confided that he was homophobic went
ballistic struggling violently against his restraints. 

&nbsp;








He got his two-hour session
as he paid for only it was spent being whipped, ass fucked, mouth fucked by and
sucking Maxs cock. Needless to say the sub never returned. Craig upon learning of the
incident was irate. I was unperturbed by his threat to terminate my employment
and I suggested that he might enjoy a session with Max himself. At that time I
was only an associate dominatrix but quite predictably Craig never carried out
his threat.

&nbsp;

I have also been an innovator
in the BDSM community with the most
recent example being the host of home
bondage demonstrations. These are along the lines of Tupper Ware parties
and the lady from Avon Calling. They are designed to familiarize mature women
with the fundamentals of bondage in the safety and comfort of their own homes.

&nbsp;

So far I have hosted three
such parties attended by either six or seven women, one on a weekday and two on
week nights. Surprisingly the attendees were a mix of blue collar types-a
Walmart employee for example as well as professionals such as teachers. I
arrive dressed in typical dominatrix attire and my presentation lasts about two
hours but the last show ran four hours as the ladies just couldnt stop from
asking more questions about the life style.

&nbsp;

The one proviso when I book
such a show is that one of the ladies most volunteer to be my demonstrator and
if none volunteer then I make the selection. This is the most enjoyable part of
the show. The first show I attended the ladies argued vehemently amongst
themselves why one or the other should or shouldnt volunteer. In the end I
chose the lady who seemed to be the bitchiest of the bunch. You should have
seen the expressions on their faces when I slapped handcuffs on the thirty year
old sales rep cutie and led her into the
bedroom. 

&nbsp;

I had her strip down to her
garter belt and hose after requiring her to remove her bra. She had the biggest
boobs of the bunch as well making her a better choice than one with tiny boobs
who would be much more embarrassed by being put on display. After stripping her
I tied a rope harness encircling her boobs and tying her hands behind her. 

&nbsp;

Before the group in the
living room she was used to demonstrate a variety of bondage techniques
including the crop, flogger and collar. I kept the pain to a minimal level and
didnt perform any sexual acts on her. Needless to say the group was giddy with
delight at seeing their friend in bondage. That feeling was not shared of
course by the lady on display but overall she endured the session very well.
For her trouble I gave her a free gift certificate for two at my bar and an
offer of a free two hour session at my dungeon.








So far I havent cultivated
any new customers as a result of the
home demos but Im confident that I will eventually. I have another home demo
booked for next month and in addition I still serve as facilitator of the
monthly meeting of the BDSM support group which is still held at the East
Syracuse bar.

&nbsp;

With the aid of a sedative I
finally fell asleep looking forward to
continuing the training of Sara and Jeanine as well as the probation officer
who was due in the afternoon.

&nbsp;

END PART 31

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 32       by Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-05-31T00:38:00Z
  2006-05-31T00:38:00Z
  1
  2109
  12027
   
  100
  28
  14108
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 32 by Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

Authors note: In Part 30
Felicia is twice erroneously referred to asSheila. Suffice to say the
proofreader responsible for this error
has been severely punished.

&nbsp;

Part 32:

&nbsp;

Morning arrived soon enough
and with it the realization that I would have to attend to my confined
trainees by myself. This unfortunately includes feeding them and allowing use
of the toilet, these are tasks I normally delegate to my assistant.

&nbsp;

Jeanine seemed to be none for
the worst after spending the night chained in the closet but in the basement
Sara was clearly in a world of hurt having spent the night in a standing
position cuffed to the overhead and with an ankle spreader bar.

Neither had anything to say,
of course they werent permitted to speak without permission anyway. I taunted
Sara by twisting her nipples with my hands and commenting upon the welts
inflicted by Lorraines bull whipping. 

&nbsp;

To permit Sara use of the
toilet I padlocked a 20-foot chain from her collar to the ceiling beam before
freeing her wrists and ankles. This enabled her to reach the toilet which is
situated in an uncovered corner of the dungeon. I made her crawl on all fours
to reach the toilet and she was permitted five minutes to finish her business.
In the meantime I amused myself watching a porn short on the wall monitor as I
have no desire to watch bitches using the toilet.

&nbsp;

After Sara crawled back from
the toilet it was time for nourishment and she was commanded to kneel and make
a pawing motion with her hands. Her nourishment consisted of the standard
plastic container of liquid protein mix which is hardly delectable cuisine but
will satisfy the basic nutritional requirements. Submissives are given liquids
sparingly as toilet trips detract from the training regimen.

&nbsp;

Her nourishment complete I
proceeded to inform Sara that her daughter was not making satisfactory progress
with her training and that frankly without long term confinement I doubted she
would. My suggestion was that she enroll in a female only boarding school
located in a rural area near Ithaca.

&nbsp;








To call this facility a
boarding school was a misnomer, essentially it was a jail diversion facility.
Most of the approximately twenty students had signed a contract to undergo six
months of study at the facility in lieu of criminal prosecution usually for
drug offenses. If the student successfully completed the course the charge
would be dismissed. Even though Jeanine was not facing criminal charges she
could enroll as a wayward juvenile in need of guidance and supervision.

&nbsp;

Due to a recently enacted
provision in the law a student could enter into a binding contract which
authorized the school to confine them
against their will. It was also binding in that school officials were permitted
to use restraint and corporal punishment techniques to promote the welfare of
their charges. I had recently been invited to discuss serving as a disciplinary
consultant for the school and intended to do so within a week. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sara was non committal about
this matter and that ended my intellectual discussion with her. She was made to
kneel on my floor platform and her wrists and ankles were cuffed to hooks on
the frames so she was forced to kneel doggy style. After attaching a clothespin
to her clit and warning against any attempt to remove it I left her unattended
while I went upstairs to feed Jeanine. Saras electroshock therapy would commence as soon as I finished
with the daughter.

&nbsp;

Jeanine was only about twelve
feet from the toilet so I removed the chain attaching her collar to the closet
rack and substituted a leash just long enough to reach the toilet. Taking hold
of the leash, I ordered her to crawl to the toilet allowing five minutes
to attend to her needs. After five minutes elapsed I sensed she was stalling
for time so from my position seated on the bed I yanked the chain causing her
to tumble to the ground.

&nbsp;

I then proceeded to drag her
back to the currently empty guests
bedroom where I spreadeagled her on her back on the bed using leather
cuffs. As I was not in a benevolent mood I attached the full face leather hood
complete with plug in gag, she would wear it until I was good and ready to
commence her training. For spite she was denied her liquid protein meal.

&nbsp;

Upon returning to the
basement I wheeled my electroshock cart over to Sara. Since first being trained
in its use several years ago by a maledom in Rochester I have gradually
upgraded my equipment as well as my
proficiency in utilizing the training modality. I am recognized as the leading
expert on its use in Central New York and have trained five or six male/fem
doms in its use.








The newest upgrade features a
CD with various commands such as Im a useless slut and automatically senses
if the trainees response is sufficiently loud and emphatic. If not it
automatically delivers an electric shock of variable intensity. This can be
overridden by the operator but Ive found in practice that the automatic shock
tends to be of higher intensity than the manual one.

&nbsp;

Surprisingly Saras
performance on the vocal responses were quite good even by the strict auto
standards of the instrument. Therefore I had to override the auto several times
to assure that she would suffer the appropriate degree of pain. 

&nbsp;

At the end of the ten minute
electroshock session Sara was reduced to a bitch pitifully begging for mercy.
After a high intensity session it is desirable to give the trainee a few
minutes respite and to add to her anguish she was informed that the next phase
of the training would consist of using her mouth both upon my cunt and my
asshole. She was left to suffer unattended while I went upstairs to check on
her daughter.

&nbsp;

As I was about to check on
Jeanine my cell phone rang and it was Lorraine calling to see how I was
managing with my two submissives. I lamented that I was it was difficult to
manage my current guests while simultaneously accommodating my third guest, the
probation officer, who was due to arrive at noon. Surprisingly Lorraine offered
to stop by for a while to assist me, surprising in that Lorraine has minimal
interest in female subs.

&nbsp;

I accepted her invitation but
I was somewhat troubled by certain of
her remarks. These implied that I was losing the physical ability necessary to
effectively control my submissives. It is no secret that I suffer from a
neurological condition which causes mild hand tremors and impairs my ability to
perform such fine motor tasks as shaving pussies but not my ability to subdue
struggling bitches or to competently restrain them.

&nbsp;

None the less with three
guests to deal with the presence of a second dominatrix was desirable and
Lorraine arrived within the hour attired in one of her custom made leather
suits. These made her appear much more intimidating than the sweat suit she had
been attired in previously. When Lorraine arrived I had just finished inserting
anal and vaginal dildos into Jeanine and chaining them into place. These were
inserted in a manner designed to assure maximal discomfort as she had shown no improvement in her defiant attitude.

&nbsp;








Lorraine was instructed to
commence the oral phase of Jeanines training. Up until now Jeanine and Sara
had been subjected to only to strap on anal intrusions by Felicia and myself. I
felt having a 190-pound beast such as Lorraine face sit Jeanine while
simultaneously forcing her to service her orally was a fitting training
technique for the defiant wench.

&nbsp;

I returned to the basement
where Sara was still bound doggy style onto the floor board and clearly worn
down from the electroshock therapy. From experience I have found this is the
best time to interrogate bitches and extract intimate information from them.
Normally I dont audiotape these interrogations but considering Saras
blackmail attempt at my bar an exception would be made in this case.

&nbsp;

Sara had been married and
divorced three times prior to receiving paralegal training. She somehow was
able to land a paralegal job with a prestigious downtown law firm but doubts as
to her competence quickly surfaced. Saras protection against dismissal was to
engage in an extramarital affair with a senior partner of the firm. When the
employee review board recommended terminating her employment Sara threatened to
divulge the affair to both he wife as well as the management. This proved
sufficient to induce upper level management to retain Sara.

&nbsp;

The bitch was quite
materialistic coveting the good things in life such as expensive autos, jewelry
and fashionable clothes but generally lacking the financial means. She confided
to having extorted gifts and money more than one of her numerous extramarital
partners by threatening to inform their wives. A sexual harassment lawsuit
against a former employer was pending and she hoped to receive a six figure
settlement. Indeed the basis for Saras relationship with me was to appropriate
Jeanines bequeathment for herself with minimal concern for her overall
character development.

&nbsp;

I truly despise such venal
and avaricious bitches but being the ethical businesswoman that I am fulfilling
my contractual relationship with my client is sacrosanct. Yet it appeared in
this case I would be unable to fulfill my objective of modifying Jeanines
behavior in fact I would probably be more successful with Sara in that respect.
It was my impression that Sara was somehow trying to atone for her habitual
moral depravity and was achieving this by submitting to severe physical
punishment.

&nbsp;








With my interrogation of Sara
complete I began the oral training phrase obviously to her dismay. She probably
thought that by cooperating with the interrogation it would spare her this
indignity but chicanery is one of my deeply ingrained personality traits. For the next fifteen
minutes Sara was forced to satisfy me orally, seventy five per cent was pussy
licking and the remainder involved the asshole. She performed surprisingly well
without the necessity of inducement by flagellation. This was consistent with
my opinion of her being a latent submissive..

&nbsp;

The reality that I would soon have to release
Jeanine did not sit favorably with me
but Im certain the mother could not afford my fee for extended training. On
the other hand I couldnt involuntarily confine the mother for much longer and
while she might be willing to undergo voluntary training it is unlikely I would
ever be compensated.

&nbsp;

Despite the temptation to
keep Sara in stringent and uncomfortable restraint I transferred her to my
holding cell where she was allowed to be remain without restraints. I then
proceeded upstairs to find out what progress Lorraine had made with Jeanines training.
Lorraine was sitting in the guest bedroom watching one of my porn videos while
Jeanine remained spreadeagled on her back and attached to the bed with
restraints. Jeanine was surprisingly quiet but I quickly noticed her puffed
cheeks and surmised that she was chomping on a pair of Lorraines panties these having replaced the leather
hood with its plug in gag.

&nbsp;

Lorraine reported that
Jeanine had refused to cooperate with the oral phase of her training and was
deserving of bull whipping. As tempting as it was I overruled Lorraine on this
point and informed her that electroshock would be used instead. I transferred
the equipment from the basement and attached the electrodes, one to each nipple
and the third to the clit, in the same manner as I had done with her mother.

&nbsp;

I continued with my shocking
of Jeanine much as I had done with her mother attempting to elicit emphatic
responses to the voice commands on the CD. This was utterly unsuccessful
despite the fact that Jeanine endured a tremendous amount of current. My
suspicion is that she sensed my plans to release her that day regardless of her
improvement and this emboldened her to resist submission.

&nbsp;








My hope lie in the
possibility that Sara would follow my advice and enroll her daughter at the
boarding school near Ithaca. I fully expected to be serving as a part time
headmistress in charge of discipline there within the next month and would have
an opportunity to continue with her training at that time. I would be
compensated by the school regardless of
whether Sara defaulted in paying the schools tuition. 

&nbsp;

With the probation officer
due in less than two hours for removal of her chastity device I decided
reluctantly that it was time to release
Sara and Jeanine. If Sara followed my advice and enrolled Jeanine in the
boarding school she would be under my tutelage in the near future. If Sara had
the financial means she would probably pay for another session with me but one
rule in the dominatrix business is we dont work on credit. On the wall of my
basement dungeon is a sign in bold print which states cash payment required at
start of session. 

&nbsp;

I just couldnt resist the
temptation to humiliate Sara and Jeanine one more time. Jeanine was released
from her restraints and taken to the basement while Sara was released from the
holding cell. Both were naked and Jeanine still had dildos inserted in both
holes. They were informed they would be released immediately if they performed
a stripper type dance set to disco music. Sara displayed some hesitation
prompting Jeanine to snap at her mother do what the mistress says. 

&nbsp;

For the next ten minutes
Lorraine and I amused ourselves as the two did their best to perform to our expectations. Watching Jeanines boobs bounce about
combined with knowing the great discomfort the dildos were causing her gave me
much satisfaction. Finally they were allowed to stop their burlesque act.
Jeanines dildos were removed and both were allowed to shower and dress before
being released.

&nbsp;

I was clearly upset that I
had not fulfilled my training expectations with Jeanine and it tended to dull
the enthusiasm for my forthcoming
session with the probation officer. However variety has been a way of
life during my dominatrix career and I was soon
to be confronted with another challenging situation of a different type.

&nbsp;

END PART 32

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














 MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 33       By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-06-10T19:55:00Z
  2006-06-10T19:55:00Z
  1
  2072
  11814
   
  98
  27
  13859
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 33 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

With the departure of Sara
and Jeanine my next task was entertaining Bitch Wilcox the probation officer.
Frankly my enthusiasm for her had faded. She was clearly deserving of severe
punishment but it would require extended confinement, at least a week, to be
effective. You just cant involuntarily confine a probation officer for such a
lengthy period as someone would notice her absence. So I was resigned to
removing her chastity belt and subjecting her to some form of short term punishment.

&nbsp;

Bitch W arrived promptly at
the designated time and was attired precisely as I had specified: a black vinyl mini,
white tank top and heels. For a woman her age to be seen so attired in public
would be most humiliating but I wasnt so naive as to think she hadnt worn a full
length coat prior to arriving at my place. 

&nbsp;

She rang the doorbell and was
shown to the living room
not yet having seen the basement dungeon . I had already decided her punishment
would not require any of the appurtenances of the dungeon so it was not
necessary that she visit there, she wasnt likely to be referring any clients
to me. I ordered her to begin stripping including her heels at once. The
metallic chastity device was still in place and it gave me great satisfaction
knowing that she had been deprived of access to her cunt
even if for such a short period.

&nbsp;

The device has a removable
plug whose purpose is to permit the insertion or removal of a vaginal dildo
without removing the entire device and the lock uses the same high tech key. I
decided she should be allowed to make up for some of the pleasure she had been
denied since wearing the belt so I removed the plug and inserted a variable
speed dildo. The plug was promptly replaced and the arousal induced by the
vibrations was immediately noticeable.

&nbsp;

But Bitch W was in store for
considerably more humiliation as I fastened a leather collar around her neck
and padlocked it into place. I then attached my forty foot leash chain to the
rear ring of the
collar and used a special lock to keep it in place.

As youve probably noticed I always use some
type of lock to secure collars and
leashes. Most of my submissives arent interested in
removing them but for those that are the realization of futility tends to
temper any resistance
they might attempt.

&nbsp;








Fortunately my back yard is
not visible to any neighbor and I periodically subject my submissives
to various forms of outdoor bondage. One of my favorites in warm weather is to
set on a lounge
recliner and chain the submissive to it in such a manner that
they are forced to kneel uncomfortably while I chat on my cell phone or some
other task.

&nbsp;

The weather wasnt quite warm
enough for sun lounging but was adequate for some leash training. With a
flogger in one hand I held the leash with the other to lead Bitch W to the back
yard. Sitting on a chair I produced a large rawhide dog bone which I tossed the
chains length into the yard. Bitch W was ordered to crawl on all fours, bark
continuously and retrieve the bone without using her hands, return the bone to
me and kneel in front of the chair. I made her repeat this three times and it
didnt take an expert in body language to realize her aversion to this
exercise.

&nbsp;

After the final return of the
large bone I took a small size milk bone and made her ingest it. Having
weathered her ordeal quite well I decided it was time for a closing act and
felt that licking my asshole was fitting. While I hadnt interrogated Bitch W
as to her sexual preferences I sensed she was a lesbian dominate with minimal experience
serving in a submissive capacity. She was extremely effective at being able to
minimize the visible effects of her humiliation such as by not pleading for
mercy but it is impossible to alter the body language inherent to such
activity.

&nbsp;

With the chastity device
still locked in place it gave me the leverage to compel Bitch to do almost
anything I desired. But just to be on the safe side I cuffed her hands behind
her which served two purposes-I always find oral or anal sex more gratifying
when the sub is restrained and secondly it discourages any physical resistance.


&nbsp;

Hiking the vinyl mini I was
wearing I knelt on the cushioned chair and ordered Bitch to kneel behind me and
to begin using her mouth to explore my asshole. I made it clear to her that a satisfactory
performance would result in immediate removal of the chastity device and she would be free to
leave. Otherwise she would be subjected to extended
discipline the mode of which I did not specify. 

&nbsp;








Bitch commenced licking in such
a vigorous manner that it surpassed all my expectations. The depth to which her
tongue penetrated was amazing considering that her hands were cuffed behind her
and the uncomfortable angle at which she was required to be positioned. After
about ten minutes I permitted her to stop licking. She was breathing and
sweating heavily. Over the years I have been serviced anally by mouth countless
times by both male and female submissives, this
clearly was the best performance I had seen.

&nbsp;

I had decided previously not
to subject Bitch to any further punishment such as heavy flagellation as a
submissive can only withstand so much in a short period of time. The chastity
belt and handcuffs were removed and Bitch was told she could leave. After
dressing she immediately departed without saying a word.

&nbsp;

It gave me much gratification
to know that I had broken the will and spirit of this corrupt public servant.
Immediately after the session she filed for retirement and reportedly has moved
to Florida. The only person I told about the matter was Lorraine and of course
Felicia was personally present at the inception. Word was soon circulating on
the street and with the resulting humiliation Bitch had no realistic choice
than to retire.

&nbsp;

Following Bitch Ws
retirement Felicias case was transferred to another probation officer. About
two weeks later she was to suffer the ramifications of the Bitch W matter and I
had the delight of being a first hand observer.

&nbsp;

One afternoon I was shopping
at the suburban Shoppingtown Mall when I observed
Felicia leading a male on a leash, he was cross dressed but even to the casual
observer there could be not doubt as to gender. Felicia was engaging in the
practice of so called financial domination in which a submissive is escorted,
usually on a chain and leash, about a shopping center and purchases whatever
gifts the Mistress may desire. The amount spent for the gifts equals the amount
the submissive would pay for a dungeon session. Since many of the male
participants in this game are local residents, sometimes prominent ones, they often cross
dress to avoid being recognized.

&nbsp;

Many months ago when Felicia
was an associate dominatrix of mine she narrowly avoided being arrested at the
Carousel Center for this same type of situation. Mall security frowned about
adults being led about the mall on a leash. Had Felicia been arrested it could
have jeopardized my dominatrix business so she was severely punished by me.

&nbsp;








But masochistic fools never
change. As I passed by Felicia on the concourse she gave me a scornful look.
Moments later two security officers, one male and one female, approached and
after a brief discussion a loud argument erupted and Felicia pushed the female
security officer when she tried to take the leash away. Felicia was quickly
overpowered and handcuffed by the two officers, taken away by the local police
and charged with Disorderly Conduct.

&nbsp;

Felicias new probation
officer was aware of her involvement in the Bitch W affair and upon learning of
the new arrest he moved quickly to violate her probation-it was put on a fast
track. Her financial domination escapade resulted in her serving another sixty
days at Jamesville. So much for my hopes of her delivering
Mary Jo to me.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

About a month after this
episode a serious situation arose which required sensitive but forceful action
on my part. For several weeks I had a nagging suspicion that money was being
pilfered from my bar operation. The logical suspect was my manager, Patti, who
was the only person with access to the books. As I had
tremendous admiration for her managerial competence I desperately wanted to
believe that she was not involved.

&nbsp;

Finally I contacted a CPA
from North Syracuse who had been a past male submissive client of mine. My
bartering skills being what they are he agreed to perform a covert audit in
exchange for six hours worth of sessions with me as a dominatrix. He performed
the audit with three days and concluded that $3200.00 was unaccounted for over
a six month period with all evidence pointing towards Patti.

&nbsp;

Let me make known a few facts
about my bar operation. Considering that I have only ten employees my
wage-benefit package exceeds what market forces dictate and are far more
generous than any comparable size bar locally. My dishwasher alone receives
$10.00 an hour and I pay fifty per cent of the health insurance premium of any
employee with at least six months on the job. Ive had opportunities to hire
illegal aliens willing to work for much less but I refuse to do so. Pattis
salary is much greater than she could commandeer at much larger establishments
locally.

&nbsp;








Patti is a 38 year old petit
blond, of above average looks but not generously endowed. She is a bi-sexual
but Ive never determined to what degree she is heterosexual or lesbian. Im
aware that she has dated both sexes but has never had a long term relationship.
Her main asset is her ability to interact affably with customers combined with
the ability to effectively supervise the other employees. 

&nbsp;

Realistically I had three
options as to how to handle this situation. One was to terminate her employment
outright, the second was to have her prosecuted and the third was to persuade
her to accept private punishment. The first and second options carried risks,
while not a BDSM practitioner herself she is privy to certain information that
could be damaging to me. These include knowledge of some of my dominatrix
escapades as well as certain tax matters. If terminated or prosecuted she would
be tempted to use this knowledge as a bargaining chip. As I was concerned with
restitution prosecution was not a viable option as typically offenders are
given probation and ordered to make restitution. In practice they seldom do
usually opting for bankruptcy.

&nbsp;

I was confident that if I
could lure Patti to my home I could persuade her to accept the private
punishment option which would involve three days of dungeon confinement
combined with various physical and sexual tortures. The problem is that during
her two years of employment she had never been to my house and finding some
pretense to lure her there was not as easy at it might seem.

&nbsp;

Therefore I decided that she
would be unknowingly drugged about one hour before she was due to leave work
and while not unconscious she could be transported without resistance. Once
again I turned to fellow dominatrix Lorraine because of her familiarity with
and access to sedating drugs. Lorraine was able to provide me with a liquid
form of a sedative which could be discretly mixed
with an alcoholic drink. She estimated that within an hour Patti would be very
groggy and helpless to resist.

&nbsp;

The date of the transport was
set for a Tuesday night that I expected would be one of our slow business
nights. At 1:00AM there were only two customers at he
bar and closing time was 2:00AM. As Patti routinely imbibes while on duty I had
no difficulty inducing her to accept a mixed drink to which I had added the
liquid sedative. By 1:30 Patti was beginning to feel the effects of the
sedative combined with the alcohol. I assured her that she was just tired. Ten
minutes later the last two customers left and I had to act immediately.

&nbsp;








Patti was quite surprised
when I produced a pair of handcuffs and used them to cuff her hands behind her
back. I led her to the basement and cuffed her temporarily to a metal storage
rack for another twenty minutes at which time she would be placed in my van and
transported. While she immediately demanded to know what was coming off my
assumption that she would not resist proved correct. Im certain she suspected
it was because of the thefts so I officially informed her that such was the
case and would be taken to my residence to resolve the matter as I phrased
it. I told her not to say another word until we arrived there or she would be
gagged. This edict was wisely heeded.

&nbsp;

Promptly at 2:00 I drove my
van up to the rear door of the bar and after cuffing Pattis hands behind her
once again I led her up the stairs and into the van. The drug induced stupor
made this somewhat difficult but she offered no resistance and I placed her in
the rear of the van. I took the cuff off her left hand and attached it to a
hook on the van wall, her left hand remained free. Even if she were to struggle
she was not close enough to the door to be able to open it. 

&nbsp;

Ive always fantasized about
transporting abducted and restrained subs in a van but only did so on two
occasions both of which were nerve racking. Being stopped by the police is the
single greatest hazard and strict adherence to all traffic laws is imperative
so as to not give an officer cause to stop you. With traffic light at that hour
I reached my Camillus home in about twenty minutes, pulled the van into the
garage and closed the door.

&nbsp;

Patti was fitted with my
leather hood complete with a blindfold and penis gag. Removing the one cuff
from her I escorted her uncuffed to the basement
which is no easy task when blindfolded and in a drug induced stupor. I felt it
was an excellent way of introducing her to my dungeon where she would soon come
to regret the error of her embezzlement scheme.

&nbsp;

END PART

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 34        By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-06-23T11:04:00Z
  2006-06-23T11:04:00Z
  1
  2890
  16476
   
  137
  38
  19328
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 34 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

Confining an unwilling, or at
the least in this case semi willing, guest in the dungeon for three days
requires the assistance of others. While my assistant manager Kristen was
capable of substituting for Patti, it would be unthinkable for me to be absent from
the bar for that entire period. Since it
is my policy never to leave submissives unattended in the dungeon I needed at
least one babysitter to assist me.
Monitor would be a more appropriate title since physical contact with the sub
in my absence is strictly forbidden.

&nbsp;

With Felicia Porter out of
the picture I turned for assistance to Lorraine a veteran and sometime
professional dominatrix and Troy who is an amateur dom worthy of my trust. It
was only fitting that I offer Troy the opportunity as he has long had an
infatuation with Patti which is difficult to fathom considering their age
disparity and Pattis disinterest in bondage. Patti had no interest whatsoever
in Troy and I once had to reprimand her for being rude to him at the bar when
he made inappropriate remarks to her. Least one think I tolerate incivility by
my patrons he was banned from the bar for thirty days and made to apologize to
Patti.

&nbsp;

 Troy would be allowed to have his way with
Patti briefly and under my watchful eye, the rest of the time he would spend
upstairs monitoring her with the CCTV and most likely enjoying my vast porn
collection. Both Lorraine and Troy accepted my offer but in return I had to
agree to train a male submissive client who was proving problematic for her.

&nbsp;

Patti was reacting well to
the leather hood and gag which is not always the case with subs. The
combination of the sedation and the hood allowed me to undress her without the
need for restraint before attaching her to the overhead. Typically the sub is
attached to the overhead fully clothed
and my heavy duty shears have shredded
many items of clothing. Patti was wearing her standard uniform, black
slacks, a whit blouse and a floral colored
vest and I had no difficulty removing these along with all undergarments
before attaching her to the overhead with leather cuffs.

&nbsp;








I stood back to admire my
artwork. This was the first time I had ever seen Patti nude and it confirmed my
opinion that she was not well endowed in terms of figure. Even the corset she
was wearing did little for her.Yet her pretty face and pleasing personality
made her attractive to many males and she was propositioned numerous times. Of
course her pretty face was not visible at the moment, the leather hood with the
blindfold and gag attachments in place left only her nostrils visible. 

&nbsp;

I gently twisted her nipples
with my fingers and somewhat surprisingly they were unresponsive. The size of
her boobs was not sufficient to permit roping but the tiniest of boobs can
accommodate nipple clamps. Moving to her shaved cunt I gave her the finger test
and found it very loose and dry. The fact that I would be deprived of the
opportunity of having her pussy shaved was somewhat disappointing but would be
more than offset by the various tortures I had in store for her.

&nbsp;

Next I removed the very
restrictive hood from her head. Patti was knowledgeable enough about bondage to
not speak without permission but was informed that she was required to address
me asMistress. At the bar I have a very firm rule that the staff address me
as Maam at all times, Patti is the only one allowed to address me by my first
name.

&nbsp;

Considering her restraint was
minimal I chuckled You look much too comfortable and proceeded to fasten my
cervical posture collar around her neck. For added discomfort I attached a
leather cuff to her right ankle, hoisted her right leg up to waist level and
secured it with a chain forcing her to stand on one leg. 

&nbsp;

I quickly informed her of the
options available and not surprisingly she chose the three day confinement.
This was not surprising as it would allow her to continue in her well paid
position with the understanding that the amount she stole would be subject to
payroll withholding. To assure myself that the audit had failed to detect any
additional thefts I questioned her extensively and from her answers I was
satisfied that the audit was correct. She blamed her theft on gambling
addiction, it seems she had been spending a lot of time at the Turning Stone
Casino. Had I been aware of this I would have exercised greater vigilance over
the bar finances.

&nbsp;

It was time to confine Patti
for the night and she was placed naked
in my holding cell where she would spend the night unrestrained other than for
the padlocked collar. You might think that a person as viscerally cruel as I am
would leave my subs to freeze for the night. Quite to the contrary I provide a
high capacity space heater just outside the cell and pay a fortune in electric
bills as a result.

&nbsp;








After a refreshing nights
sleep I awoke at 7:00AM and flicked on the dungeon CCTV monitor and found Patti
uncomfortably sitting and awake, the tight fitting collar had assured she would
be unable to comfortably lie down on the cell mattress. As I approached the
cell she assumed a kneeling position and recited Good morning Mistress I am a
useless thief as she had been instructed earlier. She then received her
nourishment consisting of the standard liquid protein concoction in a plastic
squeeze bottle.

&nbsp;

As I returned upstairs to
enjoy breakfast in the kitchen my cell phone rang and it was Lorraine. Never
one to be reluctant to impose on a friend she stated that the male sub whom I
was to train at an unspecified future date was departing the next day for two
weeks and she would greatly appreciate it if I could session him today. I
reluctantly agreed despite my distaste for having to confine subs in separate
rooms.

&nbsp;

Then came the other part of
the request. The punishment she had in mind for the sub was forced gay sex and
that she had been unsuccessful in her efforts to procure a gay maledom on such
short notice and could I possibly do so. Trying hard to conceal my anger I
agreed to make an attempt. In desperation I called Joe, the gay leather goods
store owner, and explained the situation. He assured me that a competent
maledom would be at my home at 9:00AM, the sub would arrive about 9:30 and the
session would last about ninety minutes.

&nbsp;

This meant postponing the
start of Pattis training for the day and her relocation to the guest bedroom.
I handcuffed her to the rail at the foot of the bed in such manner that she was
be forced to kneel continuously. I did grant her the pleasure of a variable
speed vaginal dildo which I inserted in a none too gentle manner. The dildo was
not chained in place as I normally would do and intentionally not deeply
inserted to test her obedience. Patti was warned that if the intruder should
somehow be expelled she would sorely regret it.

&nbsp;

The gay maledom arrived on
time. His name was Chris, about 30, 6'4 and 200 pounds, with a shaved head and
cold blue eyes he was definitely intimidating in demeanor. I recognized him as
one of the doms, some might say thugs, who had participated in the punishment
of one of my defiant male subs whom I had delivered to the leather goods store
a few weeks earlier. We discussed the routine and it was agreed Chris would
wear a mask during the session to prevent identification by the sub.

&nbsp;








As this discussion was taking
place I could hear yelling from the guest bedroom. It was Patti demanding to be
released and that I had no right to hold her against her will. In addition the
dildo was lying on the floor having somehow been removed. It was almost as if
the sedative having worn off triggered a revolt. Before taking punitive action
I called Lorraine and requested she bring sedatives with her in case they
should be needed.

&nbsp;

Without responding verbally
to her diatribe I removed the handcuffs from the bed post and fastened them
behind her. At my request Chris slung her over his shoulder and carried her to
the basement dungeon, her efforts to struggle proving futile. In the basement
her handcuffs were removed and she was placed in my pillory device with her
head and both arms locked in the holes. She remained standing and bent over
uncomfortably.

&nbsp;

The re application of the
leather hood with its blindfold and plug gag silenced her protests and for
further spite non vibrating dildos were forced into both her cunt and asshole.
These were of the type with tiny rubber protrusions and are designed purposely
to be painful. Before using a crotch chain to keep them in place she received
ten hard lashes to her buttocks with my flogger. I never did respond verbally
to her protests but im confident she realized that I had no intention of
allowing her to renege on the deal. 

&nbsp;

Ordinarily I keep subs separated in situations such as
this but I felt having Patti in the basement would serve two purposes. First is
that I am reluctant to leave unattended a sub who displays any signs of
agitation. Second is that her presence would tend to arouse the male sub
although there would be absolutely no contact between the two and Patti would
remain blindfolded at all times. In a
few minutes I would remove her snap on gag assuming that she had learned her
lesson about unauthorized speaking.

&nbsp;

No sooner was Patti secured
in the pillory than did Lorraines blazer pull into the driveway. Her sub was
seated on the front passenger seat wearing a collar with Lorraine having held
the leash while they drove. This was a most willing sub eager to serve a
different dominatrix, had he known what was in store for him Lorraine would
have had to sedate and hog tie him before delivery. It was agreed that Chris
would wait upstairs until the sub was securely restrained before making his
entree.

&nbsp;








Lorraine led the sub to the
basement on a leash. His name was Paul and he was twenty five years old ,
blond, blue eyed, and of medium build. Wearing jeans and a sleeveless muscle
shirt it was apparent he was of above average muscularity. He reportedly was a
math teacher at a middle school in an adjoining county. Lorraine never did
elaborate on what he had done to warrant punishment by another dominatrix or
maledom but she assured me he was homophobic and was quite eager to observe his
reaction upon learning he would be serving the later.

&nbsp;

In the basement on cue he
dropped to his knees, laced his hands behind his head and recited I am a
worthless sub at your service Mistress. Male subs are ordinarily not required
to kiss or lick my shoes or feet, it is strictly a personal preference. I then
ordered him to strip which he promptly complied with.

&nbsp;

Secure restraint was
essential in this case as it was likely the sub would struggle once he learned
that he would be serving Chris. For this
purpose I used a four way hog tie connector device which is two metal pipes
crossed in an X frame and connected to four specially reinforced leather cuffs.
Ordering him to lie on the floor the device was quickly attached and Paul found
himself in a rigid and inescapable hogtie probably more rigid than he expected.

&nbsp;

I would have enjoyed binding
him with rope and I have absolute confidence he could not have escaped. However
in this case it was desirable that his legs be spread wide and this is
difficult to accomplish with ropes. Had it been a conventional hog tie with the
ankles together rope would have been my preference, with the connector his legs
were spread about eighteen inches apart giving Chris plenty of room for
mounting. Considering the rigidity of his restraint I felt a collar was not
necessary and the dental gag would be applied later, it would deprive me of the
joy of hearing him beg for mercy.

&nbsp;

My sexual interest in Paul
was minimal but this was not mutual as he was rock hard. Who wouldnt be with
two dominatrixes and one naked sub in a pillory in the same room. Paul was
positioned facing the pilloried Patti, let him think this was going to be an
orgy. To torment him I stroked his cock with my fingers bringing him to the
edge of climax. Being an experienced male sub he was aware of the consequences
of unauthorized climax.

&nbsp;








Once introduced to Chris this
erection would likely disappear. Rather than use one of my CBT toys to keep him
hard I would allow Chris the pleasure of reviving it as gay maledoms are quite
skilled in that respect. The fact that a homophobe can maintain an erection with forced gay sex
imminent assists them in coming to grips with the traumatic experience. I offer
compassionate post-forced sex counseling to all male subs in this type of
situation and have had varying degrees of success. 

&nbsp;

Once the forced part of the session is complete the sub is
either kept in tight restraint or placed in the holding cell until I am
confident they will not resist and then I proceed with my counseling. I recall
only such sub who remained defiant and that was the sub whom I shipped to Chris
and his associates for more intensive bondage. 

&nbsp;

After less than five minutes
of foreplay with Paul I sprang the surprise on him by announcing that a gay
trainer would take over. He begged not to be subjected to such treatment and
implored Lorraine to be told what he had done to warrant it. I reminded him he
was under orders not to speak without permission and silenced him temporarily
with a ball gag. His pathetic suppressed
pleas through the gag for mercy as always were erotically pleasing and
confirmed my contempt for such homophobic wimps.

&nbsp;

At this point Chris appeared
clad only in shorts and wearing a ski mask. Chris was laconic and gruff in his
speech, his first remark was I understand you dont like gays and probably
wont after I finish with you either. He then proceeded to masturbate Toms
cock by hand and as I had predicted it quickly regained rigidity as Lorraine
and I stood back observing the action.

&nbsp;

Personally I enjoy verbal
trashing of the sub prior to penetration but Chris was a person of few words so
I provided the trashing. Patting the sub on the head I spoke in a cooing manner
mockingly attempting to reassure him he would find his imminent sexual
experience to be enjoyable, further that after he would be dressed in female
attire prior to accompanying Lorraine to the Carousel Center for shopping .
Predictably this resulted in a hostile glare and Im certain were he not
restrained he would have done violence to us. I further taunted him by
referring to him as a wimp and latent gay, the later term being one of my
favorites. 

&nbsp;

Chris placed a rubber glove
over his right hand and used it to explore his subs anal region. This was
clearly done in an intentionally rough manner and it elicited suppressed cries
of pain. Just want to ready it for my cock quipped Chris who continued
masturbating the subs cock with his left hand. Lorraine and I pulled up chairs
and sat directly in front of Paul to enable us to have a close up view of the
action. Chris removed the ball gag and replaced it with the dental gag forcing
his mouth wide open, there was no need to explain its purpose.








After about five minutes of
this Chris rolled him on his back and mounted him frontally obviously an uncomfortable
position for the sub due to the rigid hog tie connector. Paul was
ordered to lick his cock until told to stop and if the technique was not
satisfactory Chris threatened to invite several of his gay associates to the
dungeon and subject him to group sex. I wasnt
about to allow this but it proved effective as a motivator and it was
evident to me\ that he was working hard to please his master.

&nbsp;

If Paul had any hope that the
conventional blow job would not progress to a mouth fucking it was quickly
dispelled. For this he was kept on his back as Chris inserted his cock orally
and began his thrusts. To add just a little more insult to injury I
simultaneously masturbated Paul for a minute or so stopping just short of
climax. That he was still hard confirmed my long held belief that many males
are latent gays and that forcing this type of sex upon them promotes their
character development.

&nbsp;

Chris kept up his mouth
penetrations for about ten minutes before climaxing and causing Paul to choke
on the ejaculate. Lying in the supine position with his mouth stretched wide
open it was extremely difficult to expel the matter and had he done so he would
have suffered additional punishment. Paul wisely swallowed without resistance
resigning himself to the shattering of his homosexual virginity.

&nbsp;

The final phase of the forced
gay sex ritual is of course anal penetration and for this Chris positioned him
on his stomach, his legs were spread about eighteen inches and held rigidly in
place by the hog tie connector. The legs were drawn well
towards the small of his back and allowed Chris plenty of room to operate.

&nbsp;

While his mask concealed his face it was
evident from body language and speech that Chris regarded his sub with
contempt. My impression of Chris was that he was a semi-literate who was most
vague concerning his background and occupation leading me to suspect that he
might be a fugitive. The knowledge that Paul was a teacher might well have
negatively influenced Chris attitude towards him.

&nbsp;








In this type of situation I
ordinarily defer to the wishes of the guest dom regarding the use of gags and
Chris chose to remove the dental gag. In place of the suppressed erotic sounds
of forced penetration the sub would repeatedly enunciate a humiliating phrase
and if not sufficiently emphatic Chris reiterated the threat to summon his gay associates for some group play.
Specifically he was to enunciate Thank you master for allowing me to serve
you.

&nbsp;

Chris mounted his sub and
commenced his anal intrusion as did the
sub with his enunciation. I can not overstate the pleasure I experienced from
observing these depravities inflicted. For nearly ten minutes Chris cock
remained continuously inside the sub with several warnings that his enunciation
was inadequate. By the end I was confident that Paul would likely have
laryngitis in addition to whatever other trauma he might suffer. Finally at
about the ten minute mark Chris climaxed and withdrew.

&nbsp;

If Paul thought than the anal
intrusions had ceased he quickly learned otherwise as Chris took a toothbrush
and dipped it into a container of gel, it smelled like mentholatum, inserted it
into his asshole and brushed for several minutes after penetrating to the
maximum depth. During this period he was required to repeatedly enunciate I am
a useless slut with the same intensity as previously.

He was visibly in pain and
the residual burning sensation would be felt for some time.

&nbsp;

Without saying anything
further to his sub Chris quickly departed after being paid his session fee.
Paul had paid the two hour session fee
expecting to submit to Lorraines , the entire amount went to Chris instead. In
turn I charged Lorraine no fee as she would later spend several hours
monitoring Pattie.

&nbsp;

Lorraine and I moved Paul
into the holding cellar until he cooled down. Once in the cell I secured a
collar around his neck and a six foot chain tethered to the cell bar allowed
him some movement, once this was done his hog tie connector was removed. He would
be dealt with in due time, the next task was to remove Patti from the pillory
and transfer her upstairs for further discipline.

&nbsp;

END PART 34

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;










&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














 MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 35            By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-06-28T08:58:00Z
  2006-06-28T08:58:00Z
  1
  1835
  10465
   
  87
  24
  12276
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 35 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

No sooner had we relocated
Patti to the guest bedroom and reattached her to the foot of the bed than did
my cell phone ring. Caller ID showed it was coming from the residence of my ex
sister-in-law Johanna in Cicero and upon answering I found her in a distraught
state.

&nbsp;

Her eighteen year old
daughter Lori had called and threatened to do harm to her mother if her demand
for $5000.00 were refused. Lori was an inveterate drug and alcohol abuser who
had left home shortly after turning eighteen and was living with a worthless
male scum who shared her drug and alcohol propensities. In my opinion Lori was
quite capable of carrying out her threat.

&nbsp;

Seldom do circumstances cause
me to leave my home when one, let alone two, guests are confined but the nature
of my relationship with Johanna was such that I felt obligated to make great
sacrifices in order to assist her. While some women would have contacted the
police for assistance it was not a viable option in this case due to certain
contraband likely to be found upon the premises.

&nbsp;

In this case the sacrifice
was considerable. With two guests confined in my dungeon and my presence
required at my bar by 1:00PM it was necessary to entrust the safekeeping of
these two to Lorraine who agreed without hesitation.

Paul would remain in the
holding cell until I returned as would Patti in the guest bedroom. A call to
Troy found him willing to accompany me to Johannas residence, even a
dominatrix of my superior competence sometimes requires assistance especially
if Lori were accompanied by her boy friend.

&nbsp;

After picking up Troy at his
residence we reached Johannas within forty minutes and found Loris car parked
in the drive. Troy was instructed to remain outside for the time being and I
entered through the side door without knocking. Lori was seated at the kitchen
table attired in denim shorts and a tight fitting T-shirt. She was a blue eyed
blond on the petite side at about 5'4, 115 pounds with an unexceptional figure.

&nbsp;








Loris gaze indicated she was
high and not smelling any alcohol I
assumed it was meth as this was reportedly her favorite drug. Johannas
expression indicated relief that I had arrived but Loris was one of
apprehension. While she had never seen the inside of my dungeon Lori was well
aware that I was a sadistic dominatrix and a couple of years ago I punished her
severely for fighting with her mother. This consisted of her being bound to a
table and administering several strokes with a cane to her bare buttocks. I
still recall her futile struggling as she was being bound. Since that time
there had been no recurrence of her assaultive behavior towards her mother. 

&nbsp;

Johanna explained that the
five thousand dollars demanded by her daughter was for legal expenses incurred
from a recent drug arrest. As Lori was facing certain jail time she opted for
retained counsel despite her eligibility for a public defender.

Johanna had bailed her out of
previous legal predicaments but had vowed never to do so again. Lori seethed
with rage as her mother explained this and Im certain that only my presence
was preventing a violent confrontation between the two.

&nbsp;

Under the circumstances I saw
no choice than to transport Lori to my home dungeon and administer the
appropriate discipline. She would be released when I felt she would not pose a
threat to her mother. Transporting captives in my van is something I seldom due
because of the risks involved but fortunately in the rear of my van was a new
steel cage that I had recently purchased and had yet to be unloaded. Lori would
be its first occupant and of course I would be driving in a most law abiding
manner.

&nbsp;

Without warning I produced a
pair of handcuffs and quickly cuffed her hands behind her. She immediately
began struggling but I grabbed her by the hair with one hand and with the other
grabbing her arm I had no difficulty forcing her into the living room and face
down on the couch. Sitting upon her legs I attached a second pair of cuffs to her ankles and she was
secured. 

&nbsp;

Her threats to do me harm
caused me no great concern other than to be irritating. I sent Johanna to tell
Troy to come inside with my bag and from it I retrieved a head harness with an
attached rubber ball gag which was quickly fastened in place. Little doggies
must be muzzled I chuckled before directing Todd to back the van up to the
garage door so that the prisoner could be discretely loaded into the van.

&nbsp;

Due to her inability to walk
Troy and I each grabbed an arm and she was led to the garage then locked in the
cage in the rear of the van. The cage was quite secure and even without her
restraints Lori would have been unable to escape. My clients always look
sexier in restraints and in this case I thought that the harness gag attachment
looked especially good. 

&nbsp;








Troy drove as we headed for
Camillus, Lori was working on trying to remove the ball gag without the use of
her hands. I had taken the precaution of using a second pair of handcuffs to
attach the first pair to the rear of the cage. Many of these bitches are agile
enough to be able to use their hands to do mischief while they are cuffed
behind them. The harness and gag are quite secure and facial contortions are
insufficient to remove either.

&nbsp;

As we drove my mind drifted
to the present state of dominatrix bondage in Syracuse indeed it was almost
non-existent at least in the organized business sense. A loosely structured gay
bdsm business was operating but a heterosexual male submissive seeking a
dominatrix was likely to travel to Rochester or Albany for service.

&nbsp;

Recently some figures in the
bdsm community had been urging me to reenter the business as my expertise in
dominatrix management was well established. I seriously considered the
possibility but decided against it because of the formidable financial,
logistical and legal hurdles.

&nbsp;

It would have required the purchase of a venue
preferably in a rural area, I wasnt about to allow my current home to be used
for such a large scale operation. City property while less expensive poses
significant risks to both staff and customer. Once a customer has had his car
stolen or broken into he is unlikely to return. Dominatrix are not immune from
crime either, more than one has been victimized by a junkie desperate for
money.

&nbsp;

The availability of competent
and trustworthy staff, or rather the lack of it, also weighed into my decision.
In the past my chief problems had been with dominatrix booking clients for
private sessions at a different venue thus depriving their employer of income,
and with dominatrixs selling drugs to the submissive clientile. I had no
reason to believe that I could easily recruit the type of employee that met my
requirements. 

&nbsp;

Indeed the demise of my
suburban bordello several years ago had been precipitated by employee drug
sales. I had escaped with a fine but it cost a large sum for legal services,
any future conviction would most certainly result in the loss of my liquor
license.

&nbsp;








Another legal hazard was
being sued by a disgruntled client. A Boston area dominatrix whom with I
correspond recently had to pay $10,000.00 of her own money to settle a claim
arising from a submissive who allegedly went into a psychosis following a
dungeon session. These types of claims are not covered by homeowners insurance
and even the best asset protection measures still leave the dominatrix with
significant exposure. 

&nbsp;

My thoughts shifted back to
the here and now as we approached my residence. Troy drove the van into the
garage and the door was closed leaving Lori uncomfortably caged in the rear
while preparations were made for her in the dungeon. Much to my surprise Tom
was still locked in the holding cell but was no longer naked, he was wearing a
pull over sweater with fake bra underneath, a black vinyl mini, heels and
sporting a whorish looking gray wig.

&nbsp;

Lorraine explained that she
had brought the clothes along with her and handed them to Tom through the cell
door. She was able to persuade him that by dressing voluntarily it would expedite
his release which was agreeable to me although I regretted not having the
opportunity to offer him post trauma counseling. Lorraine led the unresisting
sub on a collar and leash to her blazer and departed with him leaving me with
just two female guests to entertain.

&nbsp;

Patti was secured to the foot
of the bed in the guest bedroom and I transferred her back to the basement
dungeon where she was attached once again to the overhead with leather wrist cuffs. The dildos chained
in place in each hole were left in place and two strips of black duct tape were
used to provide her with a gag somewhat more comfortable than the plug used
previously.

&nbsp;

Troy and I then went to the
garage and removed Lori from the cramped cage which seemed to have sapped her
will to resist. The ankle cuffs were removed and she was walked to the basement
where she caught her first glimpse of the naked Patti. Neither were acquainted
with each other but they soon would and most intimately so.

&nbsp;

For expedience I simply cut
away Loris clothing and removed her shoes before she was attached to the
overhead in the same manner as Patti and facing her from about six feet away.
Her ball gag was removed and replaced with two strips of black duct tape
identical to Pattis. Lori had little time to protest verbally between gag
changes but it was evident from her
hostile glare that she would require intensive disciplinary techniques the
specifics of which I was still mulling. 

&nbsp;








In the local BDSM community I
am notorious for my use of techniques that are both novel and exceptionally
cruel. My mind never ceases to be imaginative in this respect. One technique I
have used in the past is to simulate a phone conversation with an imaginary
slave trader and discuss the possibility of selling the sub into slavery. This
has never failed to terrify the sub although I have never seriously considered
implementing the threat.

&nbsp;

With Patti and Lori I decided
to carry the technique to another level, someone impersonating a slave trader
would appear personally at the dungeon and what better person than a real live
Arab. Khalid is a 24 year old student at the local university medical center
and a native of Saudi Arabia whom I first met at a monthly meeting of the
bondage support group. He sought my assistance in meeting some local female
subs.

&nbsp;

When I first learned that
Khalid was into domination I was somewhat uneasy and made some discrete
inquiries concerning him. I was assured he was a member of some royal Saudi
Arabian family and not a suspected terrorist least my phone number end up on
some watch list. Khalid was thrilled when I called him and asked if he would
like to visit my dungeon and play the role of a slave trader. As a reward he
would be allowed to take some liberties with my two guests and of course he
readily accepted.  

&nbsp;

The next step in the ruse was
to inform Lori and Patti that a slave trader would be visiting shortly and
evaluating their suitability for purchase as slaves. Oh you should have seen
the petrified stares! Next they were shown one of my porn films entitled
Introduction to Slavery which begins with the abduction of a beauty queen,her
overseas voyage in the cargo hold of a ship and her becoming the newest member
of some sheiks harem. Since they were not facing the large wall screen I
repositioned the overhead bars to which they were attached and stood close by
with a whip in hand to assure their attentiveness.

&nbsp;

Khalid arrived sooner than
expected and looked every bit like the Islamic terrorist whose picture you see
on the cover of Time magazine. With a beard, turban and flowing white robe he
was the real McCoy. After briefing him upstairs on the specifics he was shown
to the dungeon where Lori and Patti caught their first glimpse of him, the
first sounds he uttered were some type of Arabic chant as he knelt on the
floor, presumably in the direction of Mecca, and pretended to be in prayer.Troy
and I had to stand behind our two captives so that they could not see us
straining to avoid laughter. It was absolutely hilarious!

&nbsp;

I knew it would be an
enjoyable day.
END PART 35








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 36

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-07-14T19:08:00Z
  2006-07-14T19:08:00Z
  1
  1694
  9660
   
  80
  22
  11332
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 36

&nbsp;

Khalid completed his feigned
entreaties to Allah and played the role of a buyer for a Sheik in some middle
eastern nation. Since realistically neither Lori or Patti would command much in
a real slave market it was an excellent means of humiliating the two bitches.

&nbsp;

Im very restrictive as to
precisely what liberties I allow guest doms with my subs and this was made
clear to Khalid immediately after he arrived. His cock would not penetrate any
portion of their anatomy. He would be allowed to grope, insert dildos, use a
flogger or crop in a moderate manner and make them orally recite whatever he
commanded.

&nbsp;

I started the bidding by
asking thirty thousand dollars for Lori and fifteen thousand for Patti. Khalid
replied, referring to Lori, She is worth ten grand at most, it would cost
twenty grand just for our plastic surgeon to perform breast enhancement work on
her, she would have to be covered with a burqa most of the time. He then
proceeded to feel her boobs and to finger fuck her snatch in an intentionally painful
manner I found her gagged sounds of disapproval to be highly erotic as is
ordinarily the case in this type of situation.

&nbsp;

Worthy harem women must show
devotion to Allah declared Khalid as he removed the duct tape from over Loris
mouth. He then ordered her to begin chanting Allah is great with the
forewarning that the chanting would be prolonged and severe punishment would
result if her performance was unsatisfactory.

&nbsp;

Fuck you, you scumbag camel
jockey, Im not reciting anything were the first words out of her mouth. This
outburst caught me by surprise, seldom have I witnessed such audacity by any of
my subs. It is well established that I dont tolerate such language towards
myself or any trainer, especially infuriating was the ethnic slur.

&nbsp;








Punishment was swift and
certain. As her ankles had not been restrained a spreader bar with leather
cuffs was attached, the ability of a bitch to do damage with her feet can never
be underestimated. Next I attached nipple clamps connected by a chain to each
nipple instantaneously causing pain and shrieking. For good measure I yanked
the chain back and forth several times before picking up a crop and delivering
a vicious lash to her crotch. To compliment her nipple bondage two metal clamps
were fastened to the most sensitive parts of her vaginal anatomy.

&nbsp;

It was made quite clear to
her that she would obey Khalids commands at once or pain of much greater
intensity would be inflicted. She wisely chose to comply and for the next five
minutes Troy and I were treated to the joy of her continuous chanting of Allah
is great punctuated by several flogger lashes to her buttocks by Khalid.

&nbsp;

Upon completion of the homage
Lori received a respite from her punishment as Khalid turned his attention to
Patti. Loris nipple clamps were removed but for balance I attached a
clothespin to her tongue to prevent any further outbursts. The crotch clamps
remained in place.

&nbsp;

After witnessing Loris
punishment I had no doubt that Patti would promptly comply with any of Khalids
commands. Khalid proceeded to inspect her anatomy in a manner somewhat less
painful and more superficial than had been the case with Lori. Upon completion
he removed her tape gag and she was ordered to recite the Allah is great
mantra for considerably less time than had Lori. It was my distinct impression
that he found Patti to be somewhat lacking in sexual appeal probably due to her
age as well as her unexceptional anatomy.

&nbsp;

With the mantra complete
Khalid announced that Patti was unsuitable for purchase as a harem slave and he
proceeded to describe her appeal in less than flattering terms. Loris purchase
was contingent upon her prospective owner observing her photo so several photos
of her were taken although they would stay in my possession. I had generously
lowered my asking price for Lori to ten thousand dollars this being Khalids
initial offer. This obviously terrified Lori who was experiencing great pain
from her punitive clamps.

&nbsp;

Pattis relief from the
prospect of harem enslavement was short lived as I announced that a lesbian
biker gang would be interested in renting her for free, as I put it, for an
unspecified duration. Although the gag had not been replaced she knew better
than to plead for mercy and her humiliation from the trashing of her sex appeal
gave me great pleasure.

&nbsp;








Khalid departed having most
certainly enjoying his brief charade as a slave buyer. Lori would be kept in
suspense as to whether or not she had been sold and hopefully this uncertainty
would induce her to comply with my training regimen. Her behavior so far had
been defiant to say the least, yet if all my students were flawlessly obedient
my life as a dominatrix would be hardly enjoyable. Painful endurance punishment
would be required for Loris correction, at the minimum she would be denied the
comfort of lying down to sleep and wound spend the night attached to the
overhead. 

&nbsp;

Troy would be monitoring my
two clients for several hours due to the need for my presence at my bar early
in the afternoon. I had promised him some access to Patti and since my policy
is to be personally present for guest dom encounters it was best to allow him
the privilege immediately. It had not been mentioned previously to Patti so I
was eagerly anticipating her reaction when I sprung the news.

&nbsp;

Patti was aware of Troys
presence but in her state of bewilderment probably did not envision a hands on
session involving him. Lori still spreadeagled to the overhead was fitted with
my full face leather hood complete with attached gag and blindfold but she was
under my watchful eye should she experience an adverse reaction. I then
informed Patti that Troy would be her trainer for a brief period and that she
would unhesitatingly obey any of his commands. Although temporarily not gagged
she knew better than to protest but it was obvious from her demeanor she was
less than thrilled at the prospect.

&nbsp;

Troy had requested earlier
that she be positioned so as to be accessible for oral sex and I obliged by
strapping her onto a floor board lying on her back and spread wide.
Unfortunately Troy is somewhat immature in certain respects and for several
minutes he played word games with her. He reminded her that he had long been
infatuated with her and had taken her rejection personally. Especially
troubling to him was the night she had verbally abused him at the bar and his
being banned from the bar for thirty days as a result. She would pay dearly
today for that indiscretion.

&nbsp;

I find such mind games
puerile but tolerate them as realistically Troys assistance is of great value
to me. The cell phone rang and it was Kristen calling from the bar with a non
urgent matter but it provided a diversion from the idiotic pillow talk. By the
time I finished Troy was still not ready for action but had informed her that
she was not worthy of his cock in her cunt but would take it by mouth instead
and in addition experience a painful ass fucking by dildo.


&nbsp;








Patti was quite adaptive to
the customs of the dungeon as she respectfully addressed him as Sir and
begged him for forgiveness without prompting. As much as I enjoy humiliating my
subs I was irritated by the prolonged opera like performance and was on the
verge of ordering him to cease when he finally commenced anal intrusions using
one of the numerous non descript dildos that are part of the house collection.
It was clear his intent was to inflict significant pain and judging from
Pattis anguished cries he was successful. To compound her humiliation she was
required to repeatedly and loudly enunciate Thank you Master Troy for making
me realize the error of my ways until the thrusts ceased.

&nbsp;

After nearly five minutes the
anal phase was complete and Troy moved to the oral phase. He chose to forego
the customary dental gag to force the subs mouth open but warned her that if
her teeth were to come in contact with his cock she could expect a severe
flogging, likewise if she attempted to expel instead of swallowing the
ejaculate.

&nbsp;

Troy knelt straddling above
Pattis face and inserted his cock into her mouth. Patti worked hard to satisfy
his desires but for an instant her teeth came into contact with his cock
causing Troy to withdraw immediately and deliver a stinging lash with a crop to
her crotch region. Before remounting and reinserting his cock he inserted the
dental gag into her mouth and ratcheted it so that her mouth was stretched open
to the max. 

&nbsp;

Patti resumed her mouth work
as Troy made several unflattering comments concerning her sex appeal, or rather
lack of it. After about five minutes of this he discharged his wad into her
mouth leaving her no choice but to swallow it. Patti seemed to be holding up
rather well although for a little added torment I pinched her crotch region
with my fingers knowing it would intensify the pain from the crop lash.

&nbsp;

It was nearing time for me to
depart for my tavern which meant both bitches had to be secured in such manner
so as their monitor, in this case Troy, would not be tempted to take any
liberties with them in my absence. Patti was allowed the comfort of my holding
cell and was not restrained. Troy had a key to the cell should an emergency
arise but I have devised a special locking mechanism that once unlocked could
not be locked again without a key that only I had in my possession. This
combined with my remote web cam assured that Troy would not open the cell door
without my knowledge.

&nbsp;








Lori would receive no special
comfort and was confined to my dog style cage of such size that she would be
unable to stand up. I did remove her crotch clamp and mainly to prevent her
from conversing with Troy she was fitted with a face harness and rubber ball
gag. This padlocks in place and even with her hands unrestrained it was
impossible to remove without the key. As with the holding cell lock I have a
special lock for the cage door which once unlocked can only be locked again by
me with a special key.

&nbsp;

To keep the two bitches from
viewing each other I have a curtain type partition that is drawn shut. I
frequently play music over my sound system to torment my subs, usually gospel.
In this case I chose a CD containing at least an hours worth of Islamic music
which Khalid had been kind enough to leave. Troy was instructed that this music
would play continuously until my return.

&nbsp;

Troy would be allowed use of
my upstairs facilities including my vast porn library and would monitor the two
captive bitches continually using the CCTV. In addition he would go to the
dungeon and verify their welfare at least once an hour. I once again warned him
against any conversation with Patti or any other attempt to have contact with
either.

&nbsp;

It became apparent that Troy
was peeved at these restrictions and that he would require some attitude
adjustment himself. Proper respect is required of all guest doms and other
words and actions previously by Troy indicated to me that this was lacking. In
such cases I am not at all hesitant to mete out discipline. The matter would be
addressed when I returned early in the evening and for the time being it was
off to my bar.



&nbsp;

END PART 36

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 37        By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-07-18T13:56:00Z
  2006-07-18T13:56:00Z
  1
  1396
  7958
   
  66
  18
  9336
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 37 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

It was shortly before 1:00PM
when I arrived at my bar and found about ten customers mostly women from
downtown businesses on a late lunch break. At 2:00 I was expecting to host a
birthday party for an employee of a downtown business with about twenty customers,
both male and female, expected to attend.

&nbsp;

Kristen, my acting manager,
was clearly in an irascible mood and I would have suspected menstrual reasons
had I not noticed the presence of one of her ex boy friends at the bar. A tall,
leggy twenty four year old blond, Kristen has had her share of boy friends but
this one seemed like a mismatch, a slovenly appearing bald guy about forty
years old named Nicholas and clearly inebriated.

&nbsp;

The mere presence of the ass
hole was enough to upset Kristen but she informed me that for the past half
hour Nicholas had been making crude remarks and some overt passes at several of
the female customers and at least three had left as a result. As Kristen knew I
would be arriving soon she opted to wait for my arrival before attempting to
eject him from the bar.

&nbsp;

Few patrons have to be
ejected from my bar but when the need arises I act quite forcefully. In this
case I approached Nicholas and without warning handcuffed his wrists to the
rail in front of the bar stool he was sitting at. His trousers and undershorts
were pulled down leaving his lower extremity naked. I loudly called out to the
customers who were present that each could have a turn giving Nicholas a hand
job.

&nbsp;

The ladies stared in
astonishment but most laughed and none left,
no one took up my offer. My regular customers are aware of my reputation
for kinky flamboyance and are tolerant. Nicholas was speechless and I told him
that if he did not leave immediately after I removed the handcuffs I would
summon some of my gay friends to use him sexually. After removing them he
offered no resistance and still speechless staggered out of the bar after
pulling up his pants. I then ordered a free round of drinks for all the
customers for having to be subjected to Nicholas abuse.

&nbsp;








Kristens mood improved
considerably after my intervention. As the lunchtime customers departed there
was a lull before the arrival of the birthday party customers and I intended to
use this period to do some Internet research. Much to my astonishment I found
that I was already logged on to AOL! That meant only one thing, that somebody
was using my home computer, that somebody was most likely Troy as his AOL
account was recently terminated and he has been mooching off other users
since. It also meant that I was unable to use my webcam.

&nbsp;

When I checked my Buddy
locator for my screen name it showed it was in chat room MaleISOfsub
confirming my worst fear. I had earlier been told by a reliable source that
Troy had been using AOL to arrange bondage trysts with younger females. Any one
with a modicum of BDSM consciousness is aware that AOL chat rooms are saturated
with undercover police officers and that such a tryst is a sure ticket to
prison. Having my AOL account terminated was minor compared to the possibility
of being falsely incriminated in such a scheme.

&nbsp;

The unauthorized computer use
was clearly my fault for leaving the password stored which is gross dereliction
on my part due to the sensitive material stored on it. My anger was so intense
that I was tempted to return home immediately and do violence to Troy but
decided my presence at the bar was more important , he would be dealt with
forcefully in about three hours. Within twenty minutes I was able to log on
from the bar computer and the webcam revealed Troy lounging in my living room
and viewing a porno flick. The two dungeon guests appeared to be tolerating
their captivity as well as could be expected.

&nbsp;

As the party customers were
beginning to arrive I turned my attention to greeting them and assuring that
the party got off to a smooth start. It turned out to be a most enjoyable event
and by 4:00 I felt that my presence was no longer needed. Leaving the bar
operation to Kristen I headed for my home after first calling Lorraine and
asking if I could meet her at her home. She was scheduled to arrive about 6:00
to take over from Troy, this would permit me to return to the bar until closing
time.

&nbsp;

What I needed from Lorraine
was to borrow her Raptor stun gun and use it to incapacitate Troy. While I have
my own Taser device I have never used it and having seen Lorraine recently use
the Raptor on Sara, felt more comfortable with that device. Lorraine readily permitted
me to borrow it after giving me brief instruction as to its use. She was quite
surprised when I informed her of my plans for Troy and offered to accompany me
immediately for assisttance if I wished but I declined her offer.

&nbsp;








Upon arriving home I found
Troy still lounging comfortably and viewing yet another porno flick. He was
attired in jeans and a sleeveless t shirt which made the task of shocking him
in the abdominal area that much easier. When he got up to greet me I moved with
my customary speed and precision to pull up his shirt with one hand and deliver
the Raptor charge with the other. He instantly slumped to the floor in a state
of semi consciousness muttering something like what the fuck.

I had no difficulty cuffing
his hands behind him with steel cuffs and a second pair were attached to his
ankles. An industrial grade cable tie connected his wrists to his ankles and he
was uncomfortably in a rigid hog tie from which escape was impossible.

&nbsp;

Troy was soon to learn that I
had outsourced his training, having made arrangements to have him transported
to a dungeon where he would be subjected to forced gay sex among other
tortures. These arrangements were made with Joe, the leather store owner, whom
had provided such services in the past. In this case I would not even be aware
of the dungeon location but was assured I would be able to view some of the
action via webcam.

&nbsp;

You might think that such
punishment for Troy is excessively cruel. To the contrary I demand unwavering
allegiance from my guest doms and Troys unauthorized use of my computer was
clearly a material breach of trust. Troy is a homophobe and has never been shy
about asserting this. It is well known that I harbor a contempt which borders
on pathological for this mind set and forced gay bondage is a most effective
curative therapy.

&nbsp;

Leaving Troy to writhe in
pain on the living room floor I went to the basement to comfort my two guests.
A call had been put in for Troys transporters and their estimated time of
arrival was thirty minutes. Patti upon my approach to her cell immediately
assumed a kneeling position and recited Thank you mistress for making a
worthless slut see the error of her ways as she had been instructed earlier. I
complimented her on her obedience and assured her that continued progress would
hasten her release.

&nbsp;

Moving on to the cage in
which Lori was locked I was greeted by a hostile glare and no oral response,
Lori had received the same instructions as Patti. I found her defiance
disturbing but not all that surprising and resolved that she would spend the
night in a standing position as opposed to the relative comfort of sitting in
the cage.

&nbsp;








Returning upstairs I found
that Troy had largely recovered from the initial shock. Before informing him
that he had been outsourced I strapped a penis gag into place rather than
listening to his pathetic pleas for mercy. He was then informed of his fate and
once again I witnessed the inevitable look of anguish when a male learns that
his homosexual virginity is about to end unwillingly. It is a look that gives
me immense gratification and I only wish I were able to force it upon many more
males. For further torment I teased his cock by hand bringing him to the verge
of climax before stopping.

&nbsp;

A pickup truck pulled into
the driveway and the two transporter thugs exited and came to my door. Both
were burly looking and about thirty, I had seen neither before. As agreed the
two donned ski masks before confronting Troy. I thought it a little odd they
would use a pick up truck as vans are the preferred transport vehicle in this
type of situation. Well make room one of the thugs wryly remarked.

&nbsp;

As Troy saw the masked
transporters approaching he violently thrashed about in his restraints
seemingly oblivious to the futility of his efforts. The transporters removed
four rolls of duct tape from a paper bag and my steel handcuffs were removed
and replaced with duct tape wrapped around his ankles, knees, wrists and
elbows. My ball gag was removed and duct tape was wrapped around his entire
face except for a small nostril opening. The combined strength of the
transporters easily prevented any resistance by Troy.  

&nbsp;

The transporters had little
to say during the whole encounter and with the taping completed Troy was half
dragged and half walked out to the pickup truck where I expected he would be
placed in the passenger compartment. Much to my pleasant astonishment he was stuffed
into the tool box situated in the bed of the pick up. After locking the lid his
captors climbed into the front and drove off. In all my years in the business I
have never seen anyone transported in that manner. I just may trade in my van
for a pick up.

&nbsp;

END PART 37

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 38       By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-08-01T16:49:00Z
  2006-08-01T16:49:00Z
  1
  1982
  11301
   
  94
  26
  13257
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 38 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

Next I turned my attention to
the two sluts confined in my dungeon. I was still energized by the giddy
delight of knowing that Troy was bound and gagged inside the tool box of a pick
up truck and would soon be serving under the tutelage of several male trainers.
Lorraine was due to arrive within the hour and would assist me with the defiant
Lori but in the mean time I felt safe continuing Pattis training alone.

&nbsp;

Leash training was next on
the agenda for Patti and for this I attached a collar and long leash to her
neck. As I sat on a chair on one side of the basement with my flogger in hand,
she was made to crawl on all fours to the far side, barking continuously,
fetching a bone and pawing with her hands while kneeling. This went on for
slightly less than ten minutes and her performance was acceptable with no
motivating lashes required.

&nbsp;

Pattis performance was
easily visible to Lori in her cage and I suggested she pay close attention to
the exercises as she would soon be performing them herself. Her reaction was to
sit forlornly looking at the ground and making no verbal response.

This bitch was proving to be
a difficult responder and I relished the challenge of breaking her. I still
hadnt informed her if she would be sold to the Arabian shiek so that leverage
could be employed.

&nbsp;

As I was finishing with
Pattis leash training Lorraine arrived, attired in sweat clothes, and joined
me downstairs. Exuding her customary vulgarity the first remark she made was
how her asshole had been itching all day and that a good tongue licking was
likely to alleviate it.

&nbsp;

Smiling I looked at Patti and
ordered her to comply with this request. Lorraine quickly pulled down her sweat
pants, fastened a leather belt around her waist and positioned herself
comfortably lying face down on my couch. The long chain attached to the loop on
Pattis collar was replaced with a shorter plastic connector which attached to
the front of Lorraines belt. This affixed her head and mouth to Lorraines
asshole, no amount of maneuvering by Patti could dislodge it. While it wasnt
absolutely necessary to cuff her hands behind her it was done as a matter of
course. I find that it forces the sub to work harder with their mouth when
unassisted by hands and in addition is far more erotically appealing to the
dominatrix. 

&nbsp;








For the next ten minutes or
so Patti satisfied the anti pruretic anal needs of my guest dominatrix. I stood
nearby with my flogger in hand ready to motivate her to perform more vigorously
but this was not necessary. To a small degree I felt a twinge of conscience,
not that I am opposed to forced anal work for my subs but that Lorraine is not
the most appealing dominatrix from the female sub standpoint. Her attire and
appearance are usually less than meticulous and she is far more effective with
male subs. 

&nbsp;

This assessment of Lorraines
ability reflects my own bias against male subs. My preference for satisfaction
of my visceral need to dominate others is upon female subs, particularly the
unwilling or semi-willing types. In my early years as a dominatrix I trained
male subs by necessity as a commercial market for female subs simply did not
exist. I always felt contempt for the male sub and derived little satisfaction
from the erotic as opposed to the sadistic aspect. Bizarre sadism was my
primary focus.

&nbsp;

By contrast many other
dominatrix focus more on the erotic aspect of male domination and tend to be
moderate in their infliction of corporal discipline. They spend fortunes on
dominatrix attire and are willing to act in a more seductive manner. For
example some will allow the male the pleasure of licking their pussy or
masturbating them to climax by hand. The only contact a male subs mouth has
with me is to lick my asshole and they are never allowed the pleasure of
climax.

&nbsp;

When training female subs my
focus is more even balanced between the erotic and the sadistic aspects. Climax
is usually permitted but must be earned. On occasion I will kiss, gently
fondle, and engage in soft talk with my sub. I emphasize occasionly as this is
a highly subjective decision. Patti for example will not be exposed to any such
gentle treatment and the extent of her corporal punishment will depend on her
attitude. Lori is totally undeserving of any comfort and extraordinary
discipline will be required to break her defiant bent.

&nbsp;

Lorraines treatment of male
subs differs somewhat from mine. Most of her male subs are long term 24/7
disciples and she tends to be somewhat more compassionate allowing them a
degree of sexual gratification but make no mistake she is no slouch when it
comes to corporal discipline. She seldom trains female subs and when she does
focuses exclusively on inflicting maximal pain and humiliation. Her demeanor
and voice tend to be more masculine like which combined with chronic obesity
limits her appeal to female submissives.

&nbsp;








With Patti having completed
her ass licking it was time to reattach her with leather wrist cuffs to the
overhead. Despite the fact she was showing progress in terms of obedience far
more pain and discomfort was warranted. She had abused my trust with her
embezzlement scheme and would be punished in a most extreme manner.

&nbsp;

It appeared that Loris
punishment would be even more extreme as she had yet to show any indication of
respect for my authority. To add to her mental anguish I chose to inform her
that she had been rejected for slave acquisition by the Arab sheik but instead
would be offered to a lesbian biker gang, this being the same threat I had made
earlier to Patti. Loris gag prevented her from commenting but it was evident
from her demeanor that she took the threat seriously.

&nbsp;

With assistance from Lorraine
I removed Lori from the cage and attached her to the overhead in the same
manner as Patti. She was secured so that she was so close to Patti that their
boobs rubbed against each other, in addition to the overhead cuffs, leather
cuffs were used to connect their respective ankles forcing them to maintain the
siamese type position. Earlier I had resolved that the two would become
intimately acquainted as I find this one of the most enjoyable aspects of
training two sluts jointly.

&nbsp;

It always helps for one slut
to get a good whiff of the other sluts odor so without difficulty Loris
panties were stuffed into Pattis mouth. When I attempted to do the same with
Pattis panties Lori defiantly refused to open her mouth. Her rebellion was
short lived as a twisting pinch to her left nipple evoked a shriek of pain and
the panties were inserted. 

&nbsp;

Next they were subjected to
my Siamese dildo which is about six inches long and with a plastic penis head
at each end. It is essentially a shallow penetration dildo with a single low
speed vibrator and ideal for insertion when two sluts are positioned face to
face. Suffice to say it requires very little movement by either user before it
will become dislodged. The probability of either being able to cum without the
intruder falling out is slim.

&nbsp;








After doing the insertion
both sluts were instructed that the device was to remain in place for ten
minutes and during that period should it become dislodged or if either should
cum, they would each be subjected to a bull whipping irrespective of who was at
fault. I signaled to Lorraine to give each a mild demo lash on their bare back
to motivate their compliance. As Im quite fond of dungeon music I played Good
Vibrations by the Beach Boys on my sound system and stood aside to enjoy the anguish the sluts were
experiencing.

&nbsp;

Patti was quickly aroused by
the current arrangement and her erotic moans overrode the humming of the double
dildo. It wasnt a question of whether one of the two would cum or if the dildo
would become dislodged, it was when and my predictions are generally accurate.
In this case I predicted four minutes. Lori continued her defiant bent by
displaying no arousal and glaring at Patti in a most hostile way, knowing that
her imminent orgasm would be the cause of severe pain which would be inflicted
on both of them.

&nbsp;

Abruptly at the three and a
half minute mark the dildo plopped to the floor as the result of Pattis
involuntary contortions. In her own mind she probably thought she could survive
the ten minute ordeal or at the least her orgasm would somehow escape my
detection and not result in the dildo becoming dislodged. Pattis look was one
of resignation, Lori were it not for her restraints would have done her great
harm.

&nbsp;

Commence whipping I
gleefully commanded and Lorraine proceeded to administer twelve lashes to each.
They were of varying intensities and alternated between the back and buttocks.
As their crotches were not readily accessible frontally they would be whipped
later. At the end of the twelve lashes both sluts were obviously in pain and I
left them positioned as before, facing each other with their boobs touching,
their mouths still stuffed with the panties of the other.

&nbsp;

Lorraine requested she be
allowed to place Lori in the cage and subject her to the golden shower
treatment, this being one of her trademarks. I have never allowed golden showers
or scat in my dungeon and this would be no exception. Im fully aware that
other dominatrixes routinely use these techniques which is their prerogative
but I find the odors associated with it to be grossly repugnant.

&nbsp;

I recall an incident a few
years ago when I was managing dominatrix at Craigs suburban bdsm hotel.
Despite the fact I had made it clear to the staff dominatrixes that golden
showers were prohibited it came to my attention that one of them, Heidi, had
used it on one of the male subs at the hotel. If that wasnt audacious enough
she condescendingly ordered one of the security staff todo the necessary
desanitizing.

&nbsp;








When I learned of this I was
infuriated. It just so happened that the next day we were having a barbeque on
the back patio of the hotel for the staff. All seven staff dominatrixes
including Heidi would be present. Also invited was the late Mad Max, the
legendary gay bondage trainer, whom I was fortunate enough to be on good terms
with. Before the girls arrived I had Max drive four metal stakes into the
ground in the back yard. After all the girls arrived I took Heidi and dragged
her by the hair outside and without assistance spreadeagled her with rope on
her back to the stakes before shredding her clothes with my shears. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Each of the other staff
dominatrixes were ordered to squat and piss on Heidi She remained staked out
for nearly two hours and was not offered any of the food helpings. Not
unpredictably she was so humiliated by the experience she never worked again at
the hotel and a short time later moved from the Syracuse area to somewhere
unknown. 

&nbsp;

That was in my heyday when
subduing a struggling sub by myself was no challenge. Im not so vain as to be
aware that aging has impaired by physical prowess and typically I arrange for
backup if I expect a struggle. Especially troubling is my mild case of hand
tremors which prevents me from shaving pussies.

&nbsp;

With my two captive subs
secure in their restraints I took the opportunity to call Joe and inquire as to
Troys welfare. He had proven to be unexpectedly defiant and had been severely
flogged as a result. He was presently restrained and I was allowed to view him
briefly by webcam but for only a very short period.

He was naked, bound on his
knees doggy style to a bed with his ass protruding conspicuously upwards. I
couldnt see his face but judging from the muffled sounds he was making was
wearing a dental type gag.

&nbsp;

The video wasnt of high
quality but I was able to see one hooded male ass fuck Troy for about two
minutes before the video ended. The trainer appeared to be one of the two
transporters who had been at my place earlier. Joe stated he had refused
voluntary oral sex and would later would be involuntarily swallowing a gallon
of ejaculate.

&nbsp;








Joe had other plans for Troy
as well. That evening a group of transvestites would be having a get together
in Brewerton and Troy would be in attendance in full female attire. This seemed
like an ambitious goal considering Troys current intransigence but Joe was
absolutely confident. He would first be worn down from repeated ass and mouth
fucking during the afternoon after which he would be fitted with a special stun
belt.It would be fastened around the waist under the dress Troy would be
wearing, enabling remote control electric shocks to be administered to him by a
person within fifteen feet of him. This would assure he could be transported
inconspicuously in the rear seat of a car instead of stuffed into the tool box
of a pickup truck. Any attempt to escape would result in an incapacitating
shock and what would Troy do if he did escape?-flag down a police car and
complain that he had been forcibly feminized.

&nbsp;

At the gathering several
other TVs would be in attendance and a group orgy would take place. My only
regret was that I would not be able to be present for the festivities but Joe
promised a video would be available for viewing at a later time. He was evasive
about Troys future and I knew better than to press for answers.

&nbsp;

END PART 38

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 39       By Long Tall Mary

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-08-08T23:23:00Z
  2006-08-08T23:23:00Z
  1
  1431
  8162
   
  68
  19
  9574
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY
Part 39 By Long Tall Mary

&nbsp;

The results from training
Lori were disappointing. After three days of determined effort I was unable to
break her will. She took a great deal of punishment as a result but still
stubbornly refused to address me or to perform the required exercises in the proper
manner.

&nbsp;

With Patti the results were
better and I decided she warranted a second chance. She was released on the
third day and allowed to resume her duties as bar manager with the
understanding that any future misconduct would result in her termination.

&nbsp;

Given sufficient time Im
confident I could have broken Lori but the demands of my bar business were
simply too great. Finding suitable training assistants was very difficult, my
once trusted maledom partner Troy was now in captivity himself. However to
release Lori outright would have meant conceding defeat.

&nbsp;

After speaking with Loris
mother, my sister-in-law, it was agreed that Lori would be turned over to a
lesbian biker gang for extended discipline. Her disappearance would be
attributed to the pending criminal charges against her, she had simply
absconded to avoid imprisonment. In addition her boyfriend was currently
incarcerated and was in no position to pursue her disappearance.

&nbsp;

I couldnt resist the urge to
learn the out come of Troys forced session. According to Joe he was extremely
intransigent at the trannie party and had to be shocked repeatedly with the
stun belt. All the trannies  rode the train, so to say, and were ass and
mouth fucked by all the non trannies without any restraint. Troy resisted so
forcefully he had to be tied down to a table and stripped of his vinyl mini
before being double teamed by about eight of his hosts. One stood at his rear
ass fucking him while the other used the dental retainer to forcibly mouth fuck
him from the other end.

&nbsp;








As punishment for his defiant
attitude Troy was kept in the basement for the next forty eight hours before
being released, a steel collar with an attached ten foot chain allowed him just
enough room to stretch. It is Joes opinion that Troy is an intractable
homophobe. At least he is unlikely to ever show his face in the area again as
shortly after being released he left town with no forwarding address. One
unconfirmed rumor had him in Miami.

&nbsp;

I was still attempting to
finalize Loris transfer to the biker gang but it was necessary to visit my bar
at least once daily. Much to my astonishment I received a letter from the State
Liquor Authority informing me that an administrative hearing would be held to
determine if my liquor license should be revoked. The reason: Engaging in lewd
and disorderly conduct by handcuffing a male to the bar rail and exposing his
genitals to public view.

&nbsp;

This of course was the
incident involving Kristens ex boy friend, Nicholas. But who could have
complained? The upshot is that I had to fork over $2000.00 for a lawyer to
discover that the complainant was one of the female customers who evidently was
offended by my actions. When the hearing was held I learned that the bitch in
question had moved to California and had no intention of returning to testify,
so the case was dismissed. It was an expensive lesson and is emblematic of the
legal hazards of being a bar owner. If I ever get my hands on the bitch who
complained she will learn how it feels to be handcuffed standing to an overhead
bar for forty eight hours!

&nbsp;

The biker gang that I was
dealing with was an independent with no formal name, it consisted of about
twelve lesbians ranging in age from 23-53. Their clubhouse was in a rural area
near Oswego with the leader being a 53 year old plumper nick named Mother
Jugs taken from her nearly 250 pound 5'5 frame which featured gargantuan
breasts. The club reportedly had a peripheral role in meth trafficking and
performed unspecified support activities for an established male biker gang.

&nbsp;

What interest did a lesbian
biker gang have in acquiring a heterosexual slave? Mother Jugs felt that
forcibly attempting to convert such a slave to lesbianism would be enjoyable
recreation. In addition she would be available as a fuck toy for some of the
straight male bikers who periodically visited. The club was equipped with a
basement holding cell and the availability of free meth would provide a
powerful incentive for proper slave behavior.








By now I had given up any
hope of training Lori myself and she was confined to the cramped cage except
for a brief period for toilet use. She was made to crawl to and from the toilet
using an eight foot leash attached to the padlocked leather collar she
continually wore. Her body bore the welts from repeated whippings and her anal
region was obviously sore from repeated dildo intrusions.

&nbsp;

I have to give the bitch
credit as she refused to break. Despite repeated whippings and other tortures
she refused to address me in the proper manner or to perform any of the
exercises. She seemed resigned to the fact that she would be disposed of as
merchandise, technically it wasnt a sale as I wasnt receiving any direct
payment from the gang but it was implied they would perform services for me in
the future.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Lori finally did break two
hours before the transporters were due to take delivery of her. She quite
emotionally pleaded for forgiveness and begged for another chance. I just
laughed at her and dumped a cold bucket of water into the cage causing her nude
body to shiver.

&nbsp;

Mother Jugs had recorded a training video of
very poor quality but the viewer saw a clear picture of the fat pig whipping a
hooded female strung from the ceiling. One look at Mother Jugs by a prospective
slave is sufficient to induce great anguish so I left it to play while I went
upstairs to do some online work on AOL.

&nbsp;

The two transporters arrived
in a van with Mother Jugs being the driver and her partner being a frail
looking 30ish something brunette. Both wore black leather jackets and jeans, I
couldnt help but wonder if Jugs had to mail order her clothes. Jugs, whom I
had only spoken with by phone previously, left a most negative impression but
perhaps I am irrevocably biased against grossly obese dominatrixes. The
brunette was carrying a duffel bag and I eagerly awaited witnessing the actual
transport.

&nbsp;








Out of the bag Mother Jugs
produced a strait jacket and she quickly proceeded to drag Lori from the cage
and with her assistant the jacket was quickly fitted into place. The speed and
precision they exhibited convinced me that they had done this many times
before. Next Lori was fitted with the full face leather hood with a snap on
cock gag atached. In moments she was transformed into an object with only her
nostrils and legs visible. A Pair of 6&quot; ankle hobbles assured she not
could not run even if she tried.

&nbsp;

Jugs attached vaginal and
anal dildos to Lori and they were secured by a crotch strap. I like my bitches
to enjoy a little stimulation during transport chuckled Jugs. I derive immense
satisfaction from seeing a slave placed in the transport vehicle and Jugs did
not object as I accompanied Lori and her two transporters as she was half
walked, half dragged to the van. She was roughly tossed into the rear of the
van, her ankle hobble was attached to a floor bolt with a padlock, and left to
writhe in anguish for the forty five minute drive to the bikers clubhouse. Jugs
assured me I would receive a video of her in captivity but I was still awaiting
such a video of Troy.

&nbsp;

With my dungeon empty I was
free to devote my time to other matters. One of these matters was the
possibility of being hired as a part time Headmistress for Discipline at the
female boarding school near Ithaca. I made an appointment to speak with Ms.
Jones, the Headmistress, at 10:00AM on a Monday.

&nbsp;

As I mentioned previously
boarding school is a misnomer for the facility. In reality it is a jail
diversion program for the twenty students enrolled they are all between 16-18
years of age, from affluent families and most are facing criminal, usually
drug, charges. Successful completion of the academic year results in
expungement of the criminal charges against them. All the students and their
parents have executed waivers permitting the school to employ corporal and
restraint type methods of discipline.

&nbsp;








From what I gathered talking
to Ms. Jones by telephone she is completely out of touch with the realities of
contemporary teenage females. The school rules prohibit such activities as
masturbation and the presence of contraceptives along with numerous other types
of behavior. I was unsuccessful in attempting to persuade Ms. Jones to
liberalize some of these rules.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Upon meeting her personally
she came off as a spinster with a Victorian mindset. As much as I enjoy
disciplining errant young wenches I find it difficult for such infractions as
masturbation and contraceptives. As it stood presently their was no effective
discipline system in effect, the wenches werre known to wander off the school
grounds and meet their boy friends on a back road.

&nbsp;

The upshot of the meeting was
that I entered into a contract to serve on an as needed basis with the title
of Asst. Headmistress for Discipline. I found Ms. Jones to be extremely frugal
and my compensation was not commensurate with my superior ability but the
challenge of disciplining the young wenches induced me to settle for less. In
addition I would be accompanied by Bernadette, a 21 year old aspiring
dominatrix, whom I have recently been serving as mentor to. Ill have more to
say about her later.

&nbsp;

END PART 39

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;








&nbsp;

&nbsp;













MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 40 by Long Tall Mary

In the course of my lengthy dominatrix career I have evaluated numerous aspiring dominatrix and the majority do not meet my rigid standards. Bernadette was an exception, not only because of her physical prowess, but also she was not your typical intellectual bantam weight. She was a pre med student at the local university and I first met her at the monthly bondage support group meeting that I have hosted for several years.

If my impression is sufficiently favorable I will grant the dominatrix wannabe an audition but in a submissive capacity. Experience has shown that latent submissives make poor dominatrix and it is best to weed them out early. If the prospect receives a favorable evaluation she will be allowed to audition upon a submissive.

Bernadette appeared at my home as directed and the session began with her stripping naked and some intimate embracing on the living room couch with me being the aggressor. She clearly had lesbian if not bi-sexual tendencies and  my sense was that she was reluctantly submitting to my kissing and fingering, much to her credit of course.

She was taken to the basement for a pain evaluation and after securing her to the overhead with leather cuffs she received the basic flogger workout leaving the customary welts about her boobs and ass. My sense again was that she was an unwilling submissive and I felt a lengthy session was unnecessary. However no female, submissive or dominate, escapes a strap on intrusion in my dungeon and Bernadette was subjected to a  brutally painful one, which of course is my norm. 

I have to confess that I felt a degree of non bondage sexual attraction to Bernadette, something which is quite dangerous. My temperament is best suited to the infliction of pain and humiliation in sadistically bizarre ways. Any affection I might develop for a dominatrix could inhibit me from disciplining her in the future and experience has shown that the majority of my associates ultimately require some discipline.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Ordinarily when a dominatrix wannabe auditions I keep her in a rigid hog tie for at least thirty minutes before commencing with the strap on and flagellation portions. With Bernadette I dispensed with the hogtie, she spent about twenty minutes cuffed to the overhead from which position she was straponed and whipped with a flogger. I must be mellowing as I age!

With no submissive immediately available for Bernadette to audition upon so I decided she would accompany me to the boarding school without further training and serve as my assistant. She was most eager to do so. Since she had not had the opportunity to purchase customized dominatrix attire I allowed her to dress in a black vinyl mini with knee high boots and a tight white sweater while I wore my customary two piece leather outfit.

At the boarding school, which I will refer to as the academy it was the practice to allow all the students weekend liberty. A specially chartered bus transported them on Friday afternoon from the academy grounds to the nearby town of Dryden where they were picked up by their relatives. On Sunday evening at 8:00 the bus again picked them up in Dryden and transported them back to the academy. The students could only be picked up by an approved relative and this was strictly enforced, no relatives were permitted at or upon the academy grounds. 

It was agreed upon that Bernadette and myself would arrive at the academy at 1:00PM on Friday at which time I would address the students in a formation and acquaint them with my philosophy. After that a surprise inspection would be conducted and anyone found in possession of contraband such as contraceptives or cell phones would be denied weekend liberty, confined at the academy and appropriately disciplined by Bernadette and myself.

The twenty students fell out and assembled in a formation outside the administration building. All were dressed in the drab, loose fitting, sexless academy uniform consisting of a gray ankle length skirt, medium blue pullover sweater, white blouse , a red tie, white bobby socks and institutional black shoes. I proceeded to introduce myself and acquaint them with the new disciplinary regimen.

In situations like this I usually attempt to find someone to make an example of and in this case I noticed a plump blonde making smiling faces as I spoke. She was ordered to fall out and without being ordered stood before me at a position of rigid attention, at least the wenches received some etiquette training.

She identified herself as Cadet Anne Belcher and when I demanded to know what she thought was so humorous her stammering reply was nothing, maam. For punishment I ordered her to kneel on the ground in front of the formation with her hands locked behind her head and enunciate loudly Im sorry Mistress, my laughing was a severe indiscretion. She was made to repeat this for approximately five minutes with Bernadette standing directly behind her and ready to cope with any act of defiance by Cadet Belcher.

Satisfied that the wench had been sufficiently humiliated I allowed her to return to the formation which soon ended with my announcement of a surprise inspection. All the students were marched into the communal living area and made to stand next to their bed. I proceeded to inspect the contents of their foot locker, their bed , clothing hung on the wall rack, and their handbags.

Six of the wenches, I find it difficult to refer to them as students, were in possession of contraband which included a cellphone, contraceptives and cigarettes. These six were confined to the academy for the weekend and their relatives were notified by phone not to expect them.

The initial plan had been to conduct the disciplinary session at the academy which was much to my disliking due to the lack of a secure confinement area. As luck would have it a widespread electrical power outage occurred in the area and power was expected to be out for at least twenty four hours. Lacking an emergency generator I was able to convince Ms. Jones that it would be best to transport the six to my Camillus home in my van and conduct the session there. Ms. Jones would be allowed to stay in my overnight guest bedroom.

Her reluctance stemmed from legal liability reasons but I assured her that the waivers executed by the students and a parent specifically permitted this type of activity. Of course I did not go into detail as to the specifics of the punishments I had planned.

I had brought along four overnighter leather restraint belts with one leather wrist cuff on each side thus I was able to restrain four of the wenches in this manner. For the other two I used a length of chain which I padlocked around their waist and their wrists were secured to their sides with plastic cuffs. Each had a strip of black duct tape sealed over their lips, with this many captives the inability to speak tends to discourage any rebellion.

To keep the wenches together I employed a novel technique. They were made to stand one behind and facing the other and a plastic cuff was used to connect the rear of the waist belt of the first to the front of the second, all the way back to the sixth one. Restrained in this manner they could only walk in unison at a shuffle pace.

Bernadette and I were able to load them into the rear of the van where they were made to kneel on the floor, one behind the other. It was a most uncomfortable position for the nearly seventy mile drive and I sat in the love seat adjacent to the captive wenches after prominently displaying my Raptor stun gun and delivering one very mild shock to one of the wenches necks, I felt this a prudent measure along with their duct taped mouths to discourage any resistance. Bernadette drove and Ms. Jones sat next to her in the front.

Upon arriving at my home the van was pulled into the garage and the wenches were unloaded. Bernadette and I delicately guided the bundled wenches to the basement where they were treated to the sight of a real dungeon which can not help but to induce a feeling of dread  in the uninitiated.

Every so often my imagination devises a novel form of humiliation or torture that I find irresistible. In this case the pop dance song Locomotion by Little Eva came to mind. I played it over my sound system and the wenches were ordered to do the train shuffle and hop around the basement for two whole plays of the record.

It was absolutely hilarious watching the wenches struggle to maintain their balance as I walked along side of them with my Raptor in hand ready to deliver shocks if they failed to perform properly. Twice the whole group tumbled to the ground and were quickly dragged to their feet again by Bernadette and myself. We simply couldnt hide our laughter and even Ms. Jones appeared to find it humorous.

With the dance session complete I informed the wenches that the restraints would be taken off each of them, one at a time, and they were to strip to their bra and panties. Ms. Jones promptly voiced her objection saying this simply wasnt permissible. It was most embarrassing to be contradicted in front of the group and my tolerance for this spinster bitch had reached its limit. I requested she accompany me upstairs so that we discuss the matter privately leaving Bernadette to guard the still cuffed and gagged wenches.

Once upstairs I grabbed the bitch by pinning one arm behind her back and dragging her into the guest bedroom. Clearly bewildered she did not resist and in short order she was kneeling on the floor in the corner of the room, her hands cuffed behind her to a vertical pipe, and her feet likewise cuffed with a set of leg irons. A face harness with an attached penis gag was quickly applied.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Standing back to admire my artwork I decided that the appearance of the bitch would be improved if her face was covered and a latex semi deprivation hood was pulled down over her head. This type of hood has no openings for the nostrils or eyes but reduces sight by about seventy five per cent and does not restrict breathing. I find it preferable to the total enclosure leather hoods which have occasionally precipitated panic attacks. 

Just then my cell phone rang and it was Kristen calling from the bar with what I considered a trivial matter. Lately she has been feuding with Pattie, my manager, and I had been considering a disciplinary session for Kristen. I brusquely informed her not to call for such trivial matters and that I would deal with the matter later.

Ms. Jones was left fully clothed in her red business suit but I couldnt resist groping her snatch through her panties and cooing that she would soon learn the joy of having bondage sex with another female. Until then she would remain unable to move from her uncomfortable kneeling position, gagged and blindfolded while I dealt with the wenches in the basement. At age 58 she would be the oldest female I have ever bondaged.

END PART 40

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 41
by Long Tall Mary

Upon returning to the basement I found the six wenches each in a kneeling position and still wearing their transport restraints, their mouths covered with tape. Bernadette hovered over them menacingly with a flogger in hand. It was somewhat surprising, although not disturbing, that she had taken the initiative without any suggestion from myself.

I ordered the wenches to their feet and explained that the restraints would be taken off each of them one at a time, that person would strip to their bra and panties, and then the restraints would be reapplied. First I removed the tape so that all six were no longer gagged.

The most curvaceous of the coeds, a blue eyed blond looker, then made an unsolicited pronouncement. You have no right to kidnap, restrain and sexually abuse us. My first thought was that she must be a pre-law student and I reacted quickly to her audacity. She was the first to have her restraints removed so I ordered her to strip completely nude resulting in a disbelieving look on her face and seeming paralysis of her ability to comply.

Mistress strip the bitch I barked to Bernadette and she immediately grabbed hold of Cadet Rhonda. Her reaction was to beg to be allowed to undress herself. Since it is equally enjoyable to watch the wench voluntarily perform the humiliating act herself I permitted Bernadette to hold back.

With an air of hostility about her she finally complied clearly uncomfortable as she stood exposed before the group. She then added in a most disrespectfully sarcastic tone Are you happy now?. Without responding directly to her second audacious remark I removed the maxi pad she was wearing and ordered her to open her mouth. This she refused to do so I had Bernadette grip her firmly while I produced a pair of pliers and prepared to twist her nipple with it. She promptly opened her mouth and the maxi pad was inserted.

Duct tape was reapplied to prevent the expulsion of the pad and I chortled It will do you good to get a taste of yourself only intensifying her venomous stare. Her waist chain was reattached and I cuffed her hands to the rear of the chain to prevent any mischief.

For further good measure I inserted a medium length non vibrating dildo into her twat and chained it in place with a second chain looped under her crotch. This evoked looks of disbelief from the other five cadets who probably could not have envisioned a female having her period treated in this manner. They had much to learn.

I made Cadet Rhonda, who was on the verge of tears face the group to whom I announced Is anyone else prepared to express an opinion as to your legal rights. With no response I forced Rhonda into my cramped cage where she would spend several uncomfortable hours.

As I dont like to leave inexperienced slaves unattended in restraint for too long I decided it was time to check on the welfare of Headmistress Jones. Bernadette was instructed to flog any of the five cadets who spoke before my return. Their gags, but not their restraints, had been removed and they were ordered to stand at attention until my return.

Upon entering the guest bedroom I was treated to the sounds of Ms. Jones mmpphhhing through her penis gag. I had lost sexual interest in the rotund 58 year old with the erudite diction but did find the gag sounds erotically pleasing most likely because her face was concealed by the hood she was wearing.

Just then the cell phone rang and with the call coming from my bar I was infuriated before even answering it. It was Kristen again complaining that Patti had humiliated her in front of the customers. I abruptly terminated the call after a succinct expletive and the realization that only my presence at the bar could quell this dispute and prevent a loss of customers.

Despite my visceral sadism reality dictates that punitive measures must at times be modified either to prevent injury to the submissive or in this case the loss of a paying customer. I was still recoiling in disgust that the Headmistress of a boarding school would have a philosophical aversion to bondage discipline administered to her wayward charges. Perhaps after experiencing a dose of such discipline herself she might be persuaded to change her views.

At any rate I modified her restraints to something considerably more comfortable. Still fully clothed I allowed her to lie on her back on the guest bed and she was rather loosely spread eagled with leather cuffs. Her hood, face harness and gag were removed. To assuage her bitterness I told her that my overriding sense of compassion prevented me from exposing her to humiliation in the presence of her students. None the less she warranted punishment for undermining my authority in the presence of the students. Of course this is balderdash but on this occasion it worked.

Before leaving for my bar the five wenches standing at attention were herded into my holding cell until my return. Their restraints were left in place but new duct tape was sealed over their mouths to frustrate chat with the warning that any one who removed the tape would be severely punished. Cadet Rhonda would remain caged but I instructed Bernadette to remove her maxi pad gag after about twenty minutes. No point taking chances.

In addition Bernadette was instructed to continually monitor the captives, including Ms. Jones, continuously either by CCTV or in person. Regrettably driving from Camillus to downtown Syracuse and back, in addition to attending to matters at the bar would consume at least two hours of my precious time. Fortunately Bernadette had demonstrated she was competent to handle the tasks I assigned to her.

It was nearly 8:00PM when I arrived at my bar. Both Patti and Kristen appeared stunned by my unannounced arrival. The bar was enjoying an unusually busy Friday night and I spent several minutes exchanging banter and pleasantries with some of my regular customers before confronting my feuding employees directly.

Patti and Kristen were then ordered into the back room and to stand at attention. After listening to Kristens whinings I ascertained that she had learned of Pattis embezzlement scheme and punishment and felt that she deserved to be fired and Kristen promoted to manager.

I minced no words and informed Kristen that she was to report to my Camillus home on Monday evening for a counseling session and that if I received one more complaint about her behavior before then that I would personally hog tie her and transport her to my home in my van. Satisfied that I had made my point I departed quite eager to continue with the discipline of the academy wenches and their Headmistress.

Today however the cell phone was to offer no respite from disturbing developments. Just as I reached my van Bernadette called to report that Cadet Rhonda was experiencing an apparent panic reaction. Despite having removed the maxi pad gag as I had instructed the wench, still cuffed and caged, was exhibiting abnormal agitation.
As much as I regretted it I felt the most appropriate response was to phone Lorraine and request that she administer emergency sedation to the wayward wench. Despite my personal distaste for Lorraines appearance and bearing she has always been willing to respond promptly in situations such as this and this one was no exception. She would immediately proceed to my dungeon likely arriving before myself and promptly administer the sedation.

As I pulled into my driveway Lorraines blazer was parked there and she greeted me as I entered my garage. She advised me that Rhonda had experienced a moderate panic attack as the result of her confinement and that after a heavy IV of valium she would be able to withstand the rigors that awaited her. Thankfully Lorraine was in a hurry to return to a previous commitment and had no interest in inflicting some abuse of her own upon my captives.

Returning to the basement I commended Bernadette for a job well done. I decided to remove Rhonda from the cage and modify her restraint. Leather ankle cuffs were applied and a cable tie arrangement was used to attach them to the sides of her restraint belt resulting in a frog tie position. Her wrists remained in leather cuffs and attached to the rear of the belt. The crotch loop was removed as was the bloodied vibrator. She was quite groggy from the sedation and offered no resistance.

The day had taken its toll upon me and I was ready to call it a night which necessitated arranging my captives for overnight confinement. I decided to leave Cadet Rhonda frog tied on the carpeted floor after using a short chain to connect her restraining belt to a wall pipe. This would prevent her from rolling around the dungeon although the secure locks made escape impossible.

I felt that leaving the five wenches confined in the cell would be granting them undeserved comfort so with assistance from Bernadette I removed one of them at a time from the cell, removed the wrists cuffs so they could strip to heir bra and panties, then recuffing their wrists to the sides of the belt.

Using chains of assorted length each was tethered to a  ceiling beam in such manner that they would be forced to stand for the night and far enough apart that they could not make contact with each other. New strips of duct tape were placed over their mouths and I cranked up the gospel music on the sound system both to harass them and frustrate any attempt to converse through their gags.

Being forced to stand overnight is a not a technique I generally utilize but these wenches had been treated with kid gloves since their arrival and tired slaves are in a frame of mind more conducive to the type of obedience training that awaited them. Cadet Rhondas frog tie compensated for the discomfort she would have been subjected to had she been required to stand.

Next to be accommodated was Headmistress Jones who was making the best of her spread eagled restraint on the guest bed. She was freed from the restraints but informed that she would spend the night locked in the guest bedroom. Her request to view her students was denied as it would have no doubt upset her forcing me to punish her even more harshly. As I am not in the habit of providing nighties for my overnight guests she was given the choice of sleeping in the nude or in her underwear.

I desperately wanted to require Bernadette to sleep with me in my bed so that we could engage in some intimacies but she had indicated earlier she had a commitment for later in the evening so I honored her preference.

It was close to 11:30 before I fell asleep after taking a sedative pill and amusing myself by CCTV viewing of my overnight guests adjusting to their confinement. Their plight was my delight naturally. Sunday promised to be a very busy day.

END PART 41

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY part 42
By Long Tall Mary

The half hour of sleep I enjoyed was certainly not a deep one but I was ready to enter that state when precisely at midnight the cell phone rang. It was Patti calling from the bar to complain that Kristen had just insulted her in front of numerous customers and that something drastic had to be done.

Reluctantly I agreed. My earlier threat to Kristen was that I would hog tie her and transport her to my dungeon in my van if I received one more complaint. It is essential that a dominatrix implement any threats made if she is to retain her credibility yet this situation was an extraordinary one. I had six academy cadets restrained in the basement and the Headmistress was on room lock in the guest bedroom. 

In the past I have never left one, let alone seven, guests unattended but in this case I had no one to turn to. Bernadette had a date with one of her professors and Lorraine had indicated she had an important commitment for the evening. Therefore with great reluctance I decided to leave the guests unattended for the approximate sixty minute round trip between Camillus and downtown Syracuse and that the guest list would increase to eight upon my return.

In my haste to arrive at my bar I violated quite a few traffic laws but fortunately I escaped notice by the police. You should have seen the look on Kristens face as I entered my bar through the front door at 12:25AM. I beckoned for her to follow me to the back room and she immediately began a whining entreaty to spare her any punishment.

My response was to back hand her across her face which is something I rarely do. I then threw her face down onto the couch, cuffed her hands behind her with my steel cuffs and stuffed a set of my soiled panties into her mouth. You will learn bitch was all I had to say. As I was certain she would struggle I attached a second pair of steel cuffs to her ankles, I would do plenty of rope work on her later.

I had parked my van in the alley directly adjacent to the rear door of the bar. Fortunately the crowd was thinning out and Patti would be able to handle the bar alone until closing time. Jesse, my cook, was present but he learned long ago to look the other way when certain activities transpired.

Kristen offered no resistance as I dragged her out to the van and placed her inside through the rear door. A plastic connector attached her ankle cuffs to a floor belt preventing her from rolling about. I drove very carefully and found the sounds of Kristen mmpphhing through her panty gag to be highly arousing and for that reason I didnt subject her to any of the music I normally do such as gospel.

The trip to Camillus was complete and I pulled my van into the garage prior to unloading my cargo. I had already decided Kristen would be confined in my own bedroom, under the circumstances it was best to keep her separated from my academy guests. Opening the rear door of the van I removed her ankle cuffs and attached a leather collar and four foot leash to her neck and made her walk behind me down the basement stairs which is difficult to do when youre wearing four finch heels and with your hands cuffed behind you. For extra humiliation I yanked the chain causing her to fall against the wall, I then pulled her back to her feet by grabbing her hair.

The moment that a captive is initially led to her cell is one of the most gratifying aspects of the dominatrix experience. Her attire consisted of black slacks and sweater with a white blouse which is the basic work uniform. To complement the panty gag I had attached a snug fitting leather half face mask which covered her face below her eyes. It prevents expulsion of the panty gag and is quite sensuous even by itself.

I have always been sexually attracted to the tall, leggy blond Kristen and indeed it was tempting to begin forcing myself upon her immediately. However my immediate need was for sleep. Before attending to Kristen I observed my other guests, Ms. Jones viewed over the CCTV appeared sleeping. I went to the basement to personally observe the six cadet wenches. None were asleep, hardly surprising since five were strung up from the overhead and the sixth was frog tied on the floor. Im certain that my gleeful expression only added to their anguish.

Kristens cell was my bedroom where I left her unattended briefly while checking my basement guests. I wasnt quite ready to bed her down with me for the night if for no other reason it would be far too comfortable for her. The bitch needed punishment but I decided she would be placed on an expedited disciplinary program, no more than twenty four hours. My bar operation could not be sustained with only Patti, either Kristen or myself needed to be present in addition.

You might wonder why I would not be afraid of Kristen rebelling, quitting her job and going to the police. First of all to reiterate what Ive written previously the wage/benefit package offered to my employees is far too lucrative for them to jump ship. Kristen for example recently enjoyed a three day vacation in New York City at my expense as a bonus for her work performance. Patti and even some of the kitchen staff have received such bonuses in the past. My material generosity as an employer is vastly disparate from the bondage sadism I am so well known for.

When an employees actions jeopardizes my business they are aware they can expect to be punished severely. They are informed that I am a life style dominatrix and that whatever related behavior they see or hear of is not to be discussed with anyone. This is made known at the time of hire with Patti and Kristen being the first two employees to warrant such punishment.

Kristens restraint for the night was rather modest and in addition I left her fully clothed. She was made to kneel at the foot of my bed with leather cuffs used to secure her wrists behind her. A leather collar was padlocked around her neck and a two foot chain was connected from the collar loop to the top of the bed foot rail. This prevented Kristen from being able to stand up or lie down, the only position she could maintain was a kneeling one barely able to rest her head on the mattress. A plastic whiffle gag was placed over her mouth enabling her to breath adequately but preventing intelligible speech.

After popping another sedative I was finally able to get nearly four hours of well deserved sleep. Upon awakening Kristen was still bound and leashed in the kneeling position and resting her head uncomfortably on the mattress. Ms. Jones appeared to be comfortably asleep so I awoke her and told her I would serve her breakfast within the hour.

Checking on my captives in the basement it was obvious they were worn down from hours of being tethered to the ceiling and unable to sit and in the case of Cadet Rhonda from the rigid frog tie. Total sleep deprivation would be inhumane of course so for the five who were tethered I adjusted their chains allowing them to lie on the floor, each was given a pillow and blanket with an allowance of an hours sleep. Rhonda was released from her frog tie and allowed to rest locked in my holding cell.

All of the trainees still wore their gags, five had strips of duct tape over their mouths and Rhonda was wearing the whiffle gag. They had all been warned previously that if any of the gags were removed that each of them would be flogged. A special form of adhesive is used on the tape and once removed it can not be replaced. I consider this an important test of obedience as the temptation to remove the gags is great and was pleased to see that they had all met the test.

The first guest to be served breakfast was Kristen and the meal consisted of the delectable juices produced by my hormonal system. I simply sat at the foot of the bed and after removing her gag I forced Kristens head against my crotch and ordered her to begin licking. This she did for nearly ten minutes and it was clear that she detested every second of it. She was still a candidate for additional lovemaking however unwilling she might be, but that would wait until later.

Kristen was allowed to use the bathroom and required to strip nude before being spread eagled on her back with leather cuffs on my bed. This permitted her a greater degree of comfort and allowed her to obtain a little sleep.

Headmistress Jones was treated with greater respect. I allowed her to shower and the use of my guest bathroom, she hadnt brought any extra clothing so she was permitted to redress as she had been. I then took her to the basement to observe her students. It was clear that she was perturbed by their semi nudity and restraints but she knew better than to voice any objection.

Ms. Jones was invited to sit at the kitchen table and consume some breakfast food, something beside the liquid protein concoction that trainees are served. As she ate I tried to explain the necessity of  painful and humiliating training methods and seemed to be making a little headway. I then frankly told her I had a sexual interest in her and later in the day we would engage in some intimacies.

Frankly I no sexual interest in her other than in forcing some sex upon her but I enjoyed teasing  and her anguish. For some reason I did not feel comfortable discussing her sexual history with her but my suspicion was that she had been devoted largely to her intellectual pursuits and simply abstained from sex. Her relationships were probably professional in nature with other intellectually oriented females who likewise were abstainers.

I sensed that Ms. Jones might be tempted to accept my advances. When I broached the topic earlier I perceived intense discomfort on her part but that was when she was forcibly restrained in my guest room. Perhaps the realization that I might easily force such restraint upon her once more was resulting in a mental attitude of at least acquiescence mixed with the sexual curiosity that results from being an abstainer.

To prepare Ms. Jones for some sexual activity later I informed her she would be wearing a vibrator discretely while fully clothed and this would have the effect of arousing her sexually. She blanched as I described the process but chose to submit.

Her intruder would be a modest six inch cock dildo. For the first time she exposed herself nude before me, at least from the waist down, as she dropped her skirt and pulled down her panties. Her sex port was extremely dry and I used KY to lubricate the intruder before insertion. Even with the lubrication the port was still quite tight and it took some doing to complete the insertion. I then chained it in place and instructed her to put her panties and skirt back on. 

While most of my trainees make no attempt to expel their intruders for fear of severe punishment, it is still possible that the devices can inadvertently do so. Of course tight chaining adds to the discomfort of the wearer,  something which is always desirable in these types of situations. 

If Ms. Jones thought that the intruder remained passively inserted that was quickly dispelled as I produced the remote unit with four vibrating speeds to choose from. I demonstrated each of them to her and thought I detected some signs of arousal however this was only for a period of less than two minutes.

I quickly set her straight concerning the vibrating function, it would be started and stopped randomly at various speeds. One characteristic of the device is that the vibrating sound is loud enough to be heard by someone close by so if she did not wish to be embarrassed in the presence of her students then she would have to be on her best behavior which meant no questioning of any of my actions.

Just then Bernadette arrived and began babbling about her activities the previous night with her professor. I had to admonish her not to engage in such personal chat in the presence of a customer. Im sorry Mistress, I realize the error of my ways was her instant response, I really was beginning to be impressed with her bearing.

The three of us went down to the dungeon to begin the days training. All of the captives were awake and I was most eager to begin the days training session. Bernadette would work exclusively with the students while I would alternate between the students and my barmaid, Kristen.

Another issue at hand was that it was football season and the Orangemen were playing televised in the afternoon. The games are sacrosanct, in addition to being a season ticket holder I view every televised game possible. BDSM activities are simply put on hold for the duration of the game and I ordinarily to do not book sessions during a home game. On occasion I have required submissives to serve me orally while I watch the game on TV.

In order to assure adequate sexual arousal of Headmistress Jones it would be necessary to switch her vibrator on and off at irregular intervals and varying speeds. I would handle that task personally, if she were in the basement I would instruct her to walk to the other side of the partitioned dungeon so that the buzzing would not be heard by the students. This gave me considerable leverage over her as her effectiveness as a Headmistress would be permanently compromised should I choose to humiliate her in their presence.

Before I could begin the days training a delivery service courier came to my door and left a package, it was the much awaited video from Mother Jugs of Lori in training. I simply couldnt wait to view it so I assigned Bernadette the task of feeding the students their liquid protein meal while I prepared to enjoy myself upstairs watching the video. I would not be disappointed.

END PART 42

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 43
By Long Tall Mary

Considering my life experiences as a dominatrix one might think that I have become desensitized to the erotic appeal of certain BDSM depictions. To some extent this is true but every so often I encounter something that I consider the ultimate in sadism. That something needless to say was the video shot by Mother Jugs of Loris training.

To appreciate the video one must be familiar with the movie Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS, a 1970s cult classic featuring a sadistic and homicidal Nazi female prison camp commandant. The one scene indelibly etched in my psyche is when Ilsa decides to execute one of her female prisoners by hanging.

The prisoner is stripped nude with her hands bound behind her and her feet together. She is then tightly noosed to an overhead fixture and forced to stand on a block of ice about a foot off the ground. When the ice melts she will be asphyxiated and dangling lifeless from the ceiling. Ilsa then joins a group of Nazi male officers who sit at a table in front of the prisoner enjoying a sumptuous meal with drink. The condemned stands before them in her last minutes of life, her efforts to plead for mercy silenced by a gag. Burning candles accelerate the melting of the ice block.

Mother Jugs essentially reenacted the scene from that movie minus any intention of snuff. In the video the nude Lori can be seen struggling to maintain her balance on the ice block, like the movie prisoner she is gagged and bound hand and foot. The noose is tightened around her neck and somewhat shorter than the one in the movie owing to the height of the basement. Four candles burn, one at each edge of the block.

The bodies but not the faces of four of the biker gang members could be seen seated and playing poker at a nearby table seemingly oblivious to the bitch on ice. One of the voices is recognizable as Jugs. The camera repeatedly pans on Lori as she desperately pleads for mercy but Jugs has done her job well as the tightly packed gag prevents intelligible sounds.

Finally when the block appears ready to cease support Jugs walks in front of Lori and asks if she is ready to accept discipline. Lori nods convulsively and is cut down from her gallows seemingly with only seconds to spare. The next portion of the video features Lori sitting forlornly on the floor of a holding cell with a steel collar around her neck and attached to a short chain.

I was overcome by erotic emotion upon viewing this tape and immediately called Jugs to congratulate her. Lori had remained defiant up until the gallows scene and in Jugs opinion it was the factor responsible for breaking her. Loris current training regime was spending sixteen hours a day chained in the cell, she already services each of the female gang members orally on a daily basis and will soon be put to the task of serving visiting male bikers.

Energized once again I returned to the basement where I found the captives had finished their meals and were kneeling with their hands laced behind their neck. Bernadette, a flogger in hand, stood ready to painfully flagellate anyone who deviated from the strict position. I was quickly becoming emotionally entangled with Bernadette owing to her dominatrix prowess and my personal sexual attraction to her. This was a situation which I knew in my own mind had to be corrected quickly.

My first order of business was to have Ms. Jones move out of earshot of her students and subject her to about five minutes of remote controlled vibrations. Her response indicated she probably wasnt totally frigid but needed more of the stimulation to attain the necessary arousal thresh hold. I wanted the bitch good and ready for a much anticipated one on one sexual session with her later. 

The next task was oral recitation for the students. Im quite fond of my CD which issues commands to recite phrases like Im a worthless bitch,etc. When used in combination with electro shock therapy it automatically delivers a jolt of current if the submissive doesnt respond with the proper vocal intensity.

In this case I was reluctant to employ the electro shock. One of the bitches, Cadet Rhonda, had already experienced an adverse reaction to being caged and with a total of six bitches the chances that at least one would suffer such a reaction from the electro shock were unacceptably high.

Therefore I decided that each of the six would be placed in the pillory device with their hands and head locked in the circular openings. They would still be required to recite the commands dictated by the CD but in place of electro shock punishment they would be flogged if their vocal response was inadequate. I delegated the flagellation duties to Bernadette and it would provide an excellent opportunity for me to assess her skills in that area.

Cadet Rhonda was the first to be placed in the pillory and was ordered to spread her legs wide. The pillory is designed so that the legs can be secured but as part of the obedience training I leave them unrestrained.  Failure to keep them spread wide only prolongs the punishment and it is one of the indices I use to assess a trainees progress. The other five wenches were tethered in a standing position with their hands leather cuffed to the sides of their restraint belts. They would be unrestrained and transferred to the pillory, one at a time, to prevent any mass rebellion from occurring.

Cadet Rhonda was nude as she awaited her punishment in the pillory, the other five still were attired in bra and panties which would be removed when their turn came to be locked in place. Headmistress Jones stood off to the side, clearly she did not approve of my methods but was resigned to the fact she had no say at this point.

Before commencing with Cadet Rhonda I played a disco dance tune over the sound system and ordered the five tethered wenches to dance to the beat as Bernadette stood prepared to flog any non compliers. It was hilarious watching them try to dance to my satisfaction. Rhonda removed the bras of one of the cadets whose dance performance was inadequate and administered a stinging lash to the boobs. This seemed to motivate the five of them to perform more vigorously.

In addition to the humiliation of the cadets the loud music enabled me to activate Ms. Jones vibrator at varying speeds for about three minutes. She tried to pretend it wasnt happening but intuitively I knew she would be aroused. We will make love while the Orangemen play on TV I remarked smilingly to her. My first preference was Bernadette of course but I needed her to monitor my other guests during the game.

With the dance session complete I began the CD oral recitation portion with the pilloried Rhonda. My plan was to make each trainee sound off at maximal vocal intensity for five minutes each, if nothing else it would assure straining of their vocal chords.

Not unexpectedly Rhonda proved to be the most difficult of the six. She was flogged four times in eight minutes by Bernadette for either failing to sound off loudly enough or failing to keep her legs spread. This had the effect of motivating the other five trainees to perform adequately for the minimal five minute period and none of them received any lashes, something I found quite remarkable.

After five of the six completed their pillory exercise they were allowed to replace their bra and panties. Their wrists were reattached to the waist belts with leather cuffs and they were allowed to remain together in the holding cell. In addition their gags were removed.

I decided to make an example of Rhonda. She was required to remain nude and was tethered to the overhead in the same manner as the other five had previously. She was tape gagged as well. I sensed that Headmistress Jones was relieved that the flagellation portion of the training had ceased but little did she know that I had additional physical punishments planned for the group.

It was time for interrogation of two of the wenches, extracting intimate information is one of the more enjoyable tasks of being a dominatrix and I am quite skilled at doing so. In this case I chose the two who had been caught in bed together at the academy. They would be interrogated separately upstairs and if I suspected their answers were untrue they would pay a severe price. In this case I would be able to compare the answers given by the two separately and assess their consistency.

The interrogation would be conducted in my living room and Ms. Jones would be given the privilege of being present. I had no doubt she would be repulsed by the intimacies that the two cadets would confide. Bernadette was assigned to monitor the cadets in the basement and I would monitor Kristen periodically.

Cadet Linda was the first to be removed from the cell. A leather collar was fastened around her neck and with her hands cuffed to her sides I led her upstairs using a short leash. The eighteen year brunette was the tallest of the group at 511 and weight proportionate. She wasnt exceptionally endowed figure wise and was of average looks, intuitively I would not have sensed she was a lesbian.

Linda was required to kneel on the floor facing me as I sat on the couch, Ms. Jones sat close by in a chair. A flogger in my hand conveyed the consequences of any lack of cooperation or honesty on her part.

She was quite candid about her sexual history and denied ever having sex with a male but claimed to have had several encounters with females during the last two years and that these involved only sex with her as the aggressor. The cadet, Marla, whom she was found in bed with at the academy, was a submissive and had two previous sexual encounters with Linda, one at the academy and the other when they got together in Syracuse during the weekend break.

Linda was extremely candid about events in her life. Im not about to relate them but most significantly she implicated four other academy cadets who were currently involved in some type of lesbian relationship, none of these four were currently confined in my dungeon. After commending Linda for her cooperation I returned her to the basement holding cell.

Marla was the next cadet to be brought upstairs, like Linda she was collared, led on a leash and required to maintain the same kneeling position. She was a petite seventeen year old blond and like her lover not exceptionally well endowed. 
Marlas dishonesty was apparent from the start, she claimed to have had only the one academy encounter with Linda and denied knowing of any other lesbian activity amongst the cadets. My response was to yank her to her feet with the chain, remove her bra and panties and force her to bend over the couch back. It was with great delight that I delivered six painful flogger lashes, five to the buttocks and one to her boobs.

The mendacious wench broke down in tears and quickly changed her answers which corroborated what Linda had just related. She was then returned to the basement with the promise of additional severe punishment later in the day. For the time being I put my rope work skills to work placing her in a rigid hog tie and leaving her on the floor just outside the cell under the watchful eye of Bernadette.

 Regrettably her breasts were insufficiently developed to accommodate the type of painful breast rope bondage I am so fond of. To compensate for this I attached a set of chain connected metal clamps to her nipples and instructed Bernadette to remove them in five minutes. Her shrieks of pain gave me great pleasure as I headed upstairs to deal with Kristen and Ms. Jones.

END PART 43

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 44 
by Long Tall Mary

The Orange football game was set to begin within a half hour and I savor being served sexually by a female submissive while sitting on the couch and viewing the game. I fully intended to have a sexual encounter with Headmistress Jones sometime during the day but what I had planned would interfere with my viewing pleasure.

Ms. Jones, her vibrator still intact, was permitted to remain in the dungeon with her students. She would not be restrained or confined but each of the cadets except Marla would be confined to the holding cell in light restraint. Marla would remain hogtied as punishment for lying during the interrogation. Ms. Jones would be allowed to speak with her students and Bernadette was assigned the task of supervising the group.

Kristen would be forced to serve me during the game. Since her arrival she had seen the dungeon only briefly, this was to further instill terror in her, before being confined upstairs to keep her separated from the student group. She was presently spread eagled on the bed in the guest room having been served breakfast in the form of deep tonguing my pussy earlier in the morning.

I was attired in my favorite outfit, the two piece leather pants and bikini, with a detachable snap on flap for the crotch area. Upon freeing Kristen from her spread eagle I bound her wrists behind her with rope and led her collared with the leash into the living room where she was ordered to kneel on the floor facing me as I sat on the couch. Earlier I had taken the liberty of shredding her work uniform and underwear with my heavy duty shears, she was now completely nude, which is my customary preference for submissives.

The issue of personal preference for my dominatrix attire evoked a memory of years ago when I was the managing dominatrix at Craigs suburban bordello. One of the staff dominatrix, whose employment I had already decided to terminate, made the mistake of ridiculing my rather unconventional outfit.

I am most sensitive to criticism, especially from staff underlings, and punishment was swift. The bitch was stripped completely naked and I spread eagled her to the overhead. When her male sub scheduled for the afternoon arrived he was treated to a freebie and was allowed to act as a maledom, something I rarely permit. In addition the bitch was forced to give head to two of the security staff, another rare occurrence. After that I shredded her expensive dominatrix attire with my shears, shortly thereafter the bitch left town and was never heard from again.

The first quarter of the Orange game was just getting under way. I attached a belt around my waist and fastened Kristens leash to it in such manner that her face was forced against my pussy, she was unable to move from this position She was informed at the minimum she would be licking my pussy for the entire first quarter, if at the end of the first quarter the Orange were ahead she would be allowed to stop, if they were behind she would lick my asshole until they were ahead.

Regrettably 2005 was a bad year for the Orange and they lost to Connecticut 26-7, not scoring until the second half. Poor Kristen spent the entire second quarter deep tonguing my asshole. At halftime, my sense of compassion being as magnanimous as it is, she was allowed to cease for the duration of the game. I felt she had performed superbly and it wasnt fair to vent my frustration over the abysmal Orange performance upon her.

As half time began I returned Kristen to the guest bedroom and as a reward for her excellent mouth work I modified her restraint. In place of the spread eagle a six foot chain was attached to her padlocked collar and anchored to the bed frame permitting her a modest range of movement. Kristen would remain so confined until later in the evening when she would be subjected to an excruciating pain and forced anal session. I would then make my assessment as to whether her attitude warranted release and if so she would be freed early Sunday morning.

The issue of forced sex with the academy cadets was much more delicate owing to their age as well as contractual considerations. A prerequisite for academy attendance is executing a waiver which specifically permits corporal punishment and restraint for disciplinary infractions. Obviously this doesnt include forced sex and even full nudity is questionable. Despite the enormous gratification I would obtain from such activity, legal realities have to be considered. The cadets are mostly from affluent families and the risk of being prosecuted criminally is more than minimal.

It did concern me that after seeking out my expertise in bondage and corporal discipline  Headmistress Jones, at least initially, was so reluctant to see it inflicted upon the cadets. My time is valuable and I dont obtain gratification being a detention room monitor. It is activities such as flogging, leash training, and stringent restraint upon which I thrive, coupled of course with forced anal and oral sex. I wasnt concerned about forcing sex upon Headmistress Jones but her appeal was much less than enormous.

Another source of gratification precluded was the shaving of the pussies of each of the cadets. This would have had to have been performed by Bernadette due to my hand tremor condition. However all was not lost as I had observed Kristen was sporting a full mound, she would be shaved later by Bernadette.

I took the half time opportunity to assess developments in the dungeon. The cadets were still confined to the holding cell except for Cadet Marla who was still uncomfortably hogtied on the floor outside the cell. Ms. Jones was sitting on a couch watching one of my numerous bondage videos, the audio but not the video could be heard by the cadets. Out of earshot of  the group I questioned Bernadette who reported that Ms. Jones appeared somewhat aroused by the video and had not voiced any disapproval. Bernadette had the authority to put her into restraint in full view of her cadets if necessary and the desire to avoid irreparable embarrassment no doubt influenced Ms. Jones to be obedient.

By this time my interest in the football game had waned so I decided it was time to begin my sexual encounter with the Headmistress. I had her accompany me to the living room and instructed her to strip completely nude. She offered no protest and promptly complied although her demeanor hardly exuded enthusiasm. It was probably the first time any one had seen her naked in recent years except possibly her gynecologist.

Seated next to me on the couch she began babbling about embarrassment over her less than curvaceous figure, I dont think even AARP would have used her in any of their promotional photos. However as a dominatrix you often have to feign sympathy especially when dealing with a source of future business. Her vibrator was turned on at a low speed to prepare her for an episode of geriatric sex.

I assured her that it was not uncommon for older women to engage intimately together and her physical attributes were typical of women of her age. It was tempting to comment that her best bet for a date was to convert to Islam and wear a burqa but my business instincts prevailed. She then began relating her personal history, how on her first date when she was twenty one, the guy attempted to date rape her and that this had irreparably damaged her trust of males. With  lesbianism non existent at the college she was attending it appears that she sublimated her energy towards intellectual pursuits and never emerged from that mindset.

One desirable change in attitude that I sensed was that she was overcoming her naive attitude towards her cadets, the goody-goody, theyre just poor innocent girls type of thing when in reality they are essentially materialistic sluts, over pampered by their parents and predisposed to a lifetime of moral profligacy. Ms. Jones felt that the corporal punishment inflicted so far was not excessive and likewise the humiliation. I assured her no sex would be forced upon them and except for brief periods they would remain semi-nude in their underwear, but continually confined and restrained in some manner.

Tired of her babble I embraced her and began forcibly mouth kissing her while simultaneously finger fucking her snatch. This I continued for several minutes alternately sucking each nipple before resuming mouth kissing. Her response was truly astounding. She began moaning with an intensity seen in the common adult entertainment videos and climaxed so quickly that I was unable to use any type of arousal/climax denial technique. 

The bitch was a veritable fountain of youth in terms of sexual release and this no doubt reflected many years of pent up desire. Frankly I was upset that I even initiated this encounter due to the immense pleasure she was experiencing. As I prepared to end the intimacies she began begging for more. I was in no mood to allow her further arousal so I suggested that another encounter would be had later in the evening when I returned from my bar.

My plans were to arrive at my bar around 6:00PM and leave shortly before 11:00, during my absence Ms. Jones would be allowed to either use my upstairs or visit the cadets in the dungeon. The door to the guest room, where Kristen was confined, was locked and Bernadette would assure that she would be not be observed by Ms. Jones during my absence. Bernadette of course would monitor Kristen periodically either in person or by CCTV.

I briefly considered putting Ms. Jones in some form of restraint, it really wasnt fair for Bernadette to have to deal with the geriatric nympho. The agreement was that she would be allowed to spend some time studying and would only have to perform periodic monitoring of the captives. If Ms. Jones were not restrained she would most certainly disturb Bernadettes peace of mind.

My decision was that Ms. Jones would accompany me to the bar where I could observe her continuously and she could enjoy the drink and meal offerings. If she proved to be a nuisance I have a soundproof cellar where she could be secured. Having had little exposure to bars she was quite reluctant but I assured her she could enjoy the monthly karaoke show and that unruly patrons were rare. After mentioning that I had considered keeping her bound to a chair in my bedroom she chose to accompany me to the bar.

Five of the cadets were presently confined to the cell and had been without restraints or gags for nearly two hours, the sixth was hogtied outside the cell. They had not been allowed to converse with each other and Bernadettes constant presence assured compliance. To permit the cadets to remain unrestrained for another five hours would be allowing them undeserved comfort so I instructed Bernadette to reattach their waist chains and leather wrist cuffs. Cadet Marla was released from the hogtie and placed in the holding cell, with the same restraints as the others.

One might question the necessity of using soft restraints while locked in a cell but experience has shown that confined but unrestrained wenches are capable of quite imaginative forms of mischief with their hands. In addition each had a strip of single use duct tape sealed over their mouth, once removed it can not be resealed and anyone removing it would be severely punished. Since Bernadette could not be expected to view them constantly for several hours this assured no chatting or other use of their mouths during my absence.

Ms. Jones, her vibrator removed, was allowed to shower and change clothes. With all six cadets secure in the holding cell we left together in my van and headed for a Saturday night on West Fayette Street.

END PART 44

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 45
By Long Tall Mary

After arriving at my bar I found Patti in a rather irascible mood. She had been expecting Kristen would be working tonight and Im not known for lending a hand to my waitresses. My primary focus is to mingle informally with the customers and to concentrate on the p.r. aspect of the bar operation. Patti was aware that I had transported Kristen somewhere in restraints but had not been informed  of the details, and of course she knew better than to ask.

In the privacy of my office I accessed the web cam in the guest bedroom and allowed Patti to view it. The camera panned in on Kristen nude, chained to and sitting on the bed dejectedly. It brought an instant smile to Pattis face and I was confident that it would make work a little more enjoyable for her.

I had fully expected Ms. Jones to make a nuisance of herself and was prepared to confine her in the dank basement if necessary. But for the second time that day I was in for a surprise from the pudgy, Victorian like spinster. Evidently Ms. Jones is not an experienced drinker but I finally persuaded her to accept a glass of our most expensive wine. Within minutes she was in a tipsy state and my initial fear is that she would make a fool of herself or embarrass me in some way.

Today was the day for surprises! The first was my success at bringing her to orgasm earlier and the second occurred when one of  my bar customers started hitting on her. I knew him to be a professor at the local medical school, in his late fifties, and not known for hitting on women. But the vagaries of sexual chemistry prevailed and these two were engaged in some very personal conversation.

The attempt to induce Ms. Jones to the profs house for the evening was unsuccessful, I wouldnt have allowed it under any circumstances, but the two exchanged phone numbers and the night ended on an amiable note. It is amazing how a dominatrix can change a persons life in one day.

By 11:00 I decided to leave, Patti and another part time employee would be able to handle the crowd. During the drive back to Camillus I had to listen to Ms. Jones incessant babble over her planned tryst with the professor but at least she didnt indicate any desire for lesbian sex.

Upon arriving home I found things well under control as Bernadette continued to impress me with her professional efficiency. Upon approaching the cell Bernadette commanded on your feet to the six cadets and they quickly rose to a position of rigid attention, their restraints notwithstanding. Then came the command kneel and each dropped to their knees, as they were still gagged they couldnt be required to sound off. I commended Bernadette for her excellent work during my absence.

It had been my hope that Bernadette would stay overnight and that she would sleep in my bed with me but once again she indicated another commitment for the evening. She agreed to stay long enough to participate in a pain session for Kristen and then she would return Sunday morning around 9:30. The six cadets, with the exception of Cadet Rhonda, hadnt been exposed to any flagellation or other significant pain yet. This needed to be accomplished before they were returned to the academy and I simply couldnt do it alone.

Kristen was still chained to the bed in one of my two guest bedrooms. Ms. Jones was told for security reasons she would have to be locked in her guest room for the night as I didnt want her to be aware of Kristens presence. Even with the door to the basement locked she would have access to my computer area. As a further precaution she was not allowed to have her cell phone in the bedroom. The session would be conducted in the dungeon where I have a sliding partition that prevents the holding cell occupants from seeing what is happening in one part of the dungeon.

Nude but for her collar Kristen was led on a leash to the basement and attached with leather cuffs and an ankle spreader bar to the overhead. It was explained to her that she would be subjected to pain and oral recitation before being returned to the bedroom for the night. In the morning I would make a decision as to whether or not to release her.

Kristens recital phrase was Thank you Mistress for making me see the error of my ways and it was to be recited with adequate vocal intensity between each lash. I personally would administer the flogging and being that Kristen was on a compressed schedule it would be more intense than it might otherwise.

For the next ten minutes I proceeded to lash my disobedient waitress about the breasts, buttocks, back, stomach and crotch, in other words a complete body workout. Every sub has their breaking point and I took Kristen to just short of that point before stopping the lashes. Her performance on the oral recitation was excellent, she was a fast learner. It must have been terrifying to the cadets in the cell to be able to hear the torture but not see or even know her identity.

Kristen, her body replete with red welts, was returned to the guest bedroom and I secured her for the night as she had been previously with a six foot chain connecting her collar to the bed post. Bernadette then departed and I took one of my downers to help me sleep.

Before retiring I made one last visit to the cadets in the dungeon. They were still wearing their waist belt and wrist restraints, the tape over their mouths still in place. Ordinarily I separate my overnight guests so that they have no opportunity to communicate with one another but this was an extraordinary case in that I had a total of eight guests.

Realistically I had no choice other than to leave the cadets together in the holding cell. They had spent several hours the previous night standing and tethered to the overhead so tonight they would be allowed the relative comfort of moving about in the crowded cell. Their restraints and gags were left in place. I use a special order type of duct tape that in addition to not being reusable has the desirable quality of allowing greater breathing permeability. The speech suppressant quality is comparable to off the shelf duct tape.

The cadets appeared rather dismayed when I informed them how they would be spending the night and I reemphasized the consequences of the tape being removed. To leave the cadets unrestrained and not gagged for the night would be to have permitted them a degree of comfort that I rarely grant my submissives.

By 8:00AM I was up and dressed. With Bernadette not due until 9:30 I took the opportunity to prepare breakfast for Ms. Jones and for the cadets. For the cadets the meal required no preparation, it was a can of liquid protein mix. I removed their tape gags to enable them to ingest it but their wrists were still cuffed to their sides. For a little extra humiliation I made each of them kneel on the floor of the cell and they were required to use a straw for ingestion. I made it known they were to empty the can and stood watching them, flogger in hand, to assure compliance.

The straw sucking sounds of six cadets simultaneously was indeed an amusing change of pace as normally subs are permitted to drink without a straw or made to drink from a bowl. After finishing their liquid meal they were told that later in the morning that each would be subjected to severe corporal punishment and depending upon their attitude they might be returned to the academy later in the afternoon. This evoked looks of consternation but quite wisely, no vocal protests.

Indeed this was my plan as it would allow me a Sunday evening with no guests. Ms. Jones was allowed to remain in the basement with the cadets, their restraints were left on but I did not replace the gags, and they were allowed to speak but only in response to the headmistress. It was made clear to her that there was to be no casual chat between the cadets.

Next I turned my attention to Kristen. As I entered the bedroom she abruptly assumed a kneeling position on the bed and enunciated her recital phrase Thank you Mistress for making me see the error of my ways in the proper manner. I commented on how good she looked covered with red welts and assured her she would experience pain for days to come.

On the positive side I informed her that she would be released within the hour and would be allowed to continue her employment with no reduction in benefits. I also informed her that I had fully intended to subject her to painful anal strap on training but as the quality of her oral sex the previous day had been so outstanding that I had relented and no further punishment would be inflicted.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Kristens confinement was atypical in that ordinarily the offender would be given the choice of resigning or submitting voluntarily to discipline.

In this case I acted quite hastily so it clearly was an involuntary confinement. I was quite confident that my generous benefit package would dissuade Kristen from going to the police but just to be on the safe side I emphasized that should that happen several witnesses, including Patti, would testify that she was a willing participant. I further hinted that it wouldnt be that difficult to arrange the sale of a female into slavery. 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Overall I was satisfied that adequate punishment had been inflicted so I called Patti to come pick up Kristen as her car had been left in the bar parking area. Since I had shredded Kristens clothes she was given a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt as temporary clothing. Im quite frugal in this respect and usually wait for Kmart clearance sales before buying such clothes. No underwear is provided.

It would be about thirty minutes before Patti arrived so I occupied myself with some computer work leaving Kristen locked in the guest room and the rest of the group in the basement periodically monitoring them with the CCTV. Ms. Jones was giving her cadets a little pep talk and assuring them upon their return to the academy, for the remainder of the weekend, would consist of speaking with two counselors with no further punishment planned.

I was a bit perturbed by the attitude of the Headmistress and felt that the wenches needed, at the minimum, some type of confinement or restraint for the entire weekend. Realistically Ms. Jones or none of her assistants had the ability or equipment to implement this. I would just have to wait and see if my services would be sought in the future. Despite the limitations on punishment and the relatively low compensation I was coming to enjoy disciplining the captive cuties.

Patti arrived and waited in the living room as I escorted Kristen from the bedroom by the arm. I had prepared a recital for her and she knew full well the consequences if I were not satisfied with her performance. Upon entering the living room she dropped to her knees in front of Patti and began her recital, declaring that she regretted her imprudent behavior, and imploring forgiveness.

Kristens performance didnt qualify for an Academy Award but it was acceptable. Patti assured her that she harbored no animosity and they left together. Consistent with my benevolence as an employer Kristen, who had been scheduled to work later in the evening, was allowed to take a sick day with pay.

Bernadette arrived as scheduled at 9:30 and we proceeded to the dungeon. The cadets would be required to strip nude and would be attached to the overhead for flogging. Each would step out of the cell in the nude and place their arms stretched out in front of them, leather wrist cuffs would then be attached. This would be done one at a time and upon returning to the cell after the flogging they would be allowed to redress. My plan was to inflict moderate punishment, on a scale of one to ten it would be a six, Kristens by comparison had been a nine.

Bernadette had arrived wearing a long black leather coat which concealed a panty hose outfit coupled with a black bikini. Personally Im not fond of a dominatrix clad in panty hose but in fairness I had yet to make this known to her.

Cadet Rhonda was chosen to be the first disciplined and I ordered her to strip. Incredibly she responded by saying  Mistress I think weve suffered enough, have you no respect for our dignity. This was the second time she had questioned me in front of the group in two days and my response was to issue the command Mistress strip the bitch to Bernadette.

Without hesitation Bernadette grabbed the bitch by the hair and yanked her out of the cell. Rhonda had no opportunity to comply voluntarily and in an instant she was stripped and hanging from the overhead in wrist cuffs. Listen bitch one more word out of you and youll spend the rest of the weekend in the cage barked Bernadette as she viciously twisted both of the bitchs nipples provoking a loud shriek of pain.

The flagellation routine for the cadets did not require any oral recitation with the only requirement being that they keep their legs spread wide at all times. I routinely use ankle spreaders on my submissives to prevent kicking but the current arrangement was as an obedience test. Failure to spread wide enough would simply result in increased pain.

Bernadette proceeded with the flogging of Rhonda, who seemed to be having difficulty keeping her legs spread enough. As I sensed she was approaching her breaking part and cognizant that Bernadette was relatively inexperienced in this respect I found it necessary to motion for her to cease the flogging sooner that she otherwise would have.

Rhonda again found herself being pulled by the hair and pushed quite forcefully back into the cell. Bernadette and I alternated the flogging of the remaining five cadets, it was rather boring as they all stripped voluntarily and demonstrated their obedience by spreading in the proper manner. None the less seeing them cringe in pain from the lashes was as always gratifying, my intrinsic need to inflict pain is perpetual and insatiable.

Equally gratifying was the truculent demeanor exhibited by Bernadette. Unquestionably she had the right stuff to succeed as a dominatrix and with continued mentoring from myself, her full potential would be realized. But I still had to fight the urge to bed her down with me for sex, she had already indicated a distaste for it and undue affection for another female can only have adverse consequences for someone of my temperament.

By noon the cadets, along with their Headmistress, were transported in my van to the Carousel Center lot where we met a van driven from the Ithaca area academy by one of the counselors there. I drove with Bernadette riding shotgun in the front, the cadets and their Headmistress were fully dressed and unrestrained in the rear. The trip was uneventful and the transfer went smoothly.

Bernadette and I decided to do a little shopping at the Carousel but first we stopped at the food court for lunch. Munching on a Big Mac I mulled my future as Assistant Headmistress for Discipline at the academy pessimistically but I knew that a new challenge would soon present itself.

END :PART 45

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 46
by Long Tall Mary

Sunday evening during football season is a good night for business and ordinarily two waitresses are working. Tonight it would be only Patti, the manager, as I had permitted Kristen to take a sick day. Unable to contact any of my part time help I had no choice but to assist Patti. Fortunately Patti is very efficient, and knowing of my disdain for waitressing she put forth much added effort which enabled me to spend more time mingling with the customers.

The departure of the cadets left me with an open schedule for the week ahead but it didnt take long for unfavorable news to come my way. On Tuesday I learned that Headmistress Jones had abruptly resigned after a fiscal audit uncovered irregularities. I was told in no uncertain terms by a spokesperson for the board of directors that my services would not be needed in the future.

In my life events tend to unfold in quick sequence. Less than thirty minutes after getting the axe from the boarding school I received a call from my former sister-in-law, Johanna, in Cicero. Her daughter, Lori, had been acquired by the lesbian biker gang after my attempt to discipline her had failed. She was currently in servitude at the gangs clubhouse near Oswego and her future was uncertain. As Lori had criminal charges pending her disappearance was attributed to the fear of incarceration, she was technically a fugitive from justice.

Johanna was satisfied with this arrangement but her daughters scum bag boy friend, Kevin, had just been released from jail himself and he wasnt buying the story that she had absconded. He was now threatening to come to Johannas house within the hour and force her to reveal Loris whereabouts.

I was quite aware of Kevins propensity for violence, most likely owing to his meth habit. Johanna would be helpless against him so I offered to respond immediately. Unfortunately none of my associates were available at the moment leaving me to go it alone. After quickly gathering the appropriate equipment I arrived at Johannas home in record time and with Kevins vehicle in the driveway I readied myself for a confrontation inside.

Kevin at age 20 is 510, 150 pound, red haired, and a geek in my estimation. Were it not for his use of methamphetamine he would be a nuisance but a non-violent one. I had already heard stories of his fighting with the police, only to be beaten severely and having it increase the length of his stays in jail. Unemployed he had sponged off Lori who in turn sponged off her mother. Kevin was confident he would be awarded a million dollars as a result of a lawsuit against the police and live happily ever after. Be that the case or not he would not be allowed to physically abuse Johanna and would come to severely regret having made or attempted to carry out this threat.
Upon entering the house  without knocking I could hear the two arguing which abruptly quieted down when my presence was known. I was clad in a pair of leather pants minus the crotch cover and a zipped leather upper. So youre the fucking dominatrix bitch, who invited you snarled Kevin.

Instead of bringing my stun gun, which I was not completely comfortable with, I brought a leather police type billy club, this is a flexible device about eight inches long and sometimes referred to as a blackjack. Without saying a word I caught Kevin totally by surprise striking him in the back of the head just hard enough to stun and disorient him without causing unconsciousness. The blow sent him reeling against the wall.

Before he could regain his composure I was on him with catlike ferocity and cuffed his hands behind him using steel cuffs. Forcing him to the couch on his stomach I used my second pair of cuffs to connect his ankles and render any struggle useless. But it did not prevent him from continuing to spew invectives and threatening to do harm to me.

Having anticipated the need I had brought my black jobber bag inside and one item I always carry is a pair of soiled panties. Removing them from the bag I ordered Kevin to open his mouth which he refused to do. Unzipping his jeans I reached in and removed his cock. Clearly he was not a well hung scumbag and it always gives me pleasure to verbally trash the masculinity of someone like him. Your cock is one of the smallest Ive ever seen, perhaps you should consider enhancement surgery I chortled as I stroked it with my hand and bringing him close to climax before stopping.

Brandishing a pair of wire cutters in my hand I brought them into contact with his cock before suggesting it might be a good idea to open his mouth. In an instant his mouth was wide open and in went the panties. The next item out of the jobber bag was a roll of duct tape which I used to encircle his mouth and eyes, leaving only an opening for his nostrils. This only makes for pleasure later on as the tape is painfully removed. Pinching his nostrils shut for several seconds with my fingers demonstrated to him the importance of breathing through his nose.

It was now necessary to determine the scumbags fate. Confining a long term male slave was out of the question, Bernadette would assist me on a short term basis. Lorraine, being this was a male slave, would likely be willing to assist as well. Certainly no biker gang, male or female, would have an interest in acquiring such human flotsam.

Since Loris disappearance was attributed to her being on the lam, the same would happen with Kevin as he also had criminal charges pending. Later I would arrange for his car to be moved somewhere and intentionally disabled, as the car was junk it would be assumed that the owner had abandoned it.
In the past I have had an excellent relationship with the gay bondage community. Joe, the leather goods store owner, had arranged for two of my male slaves to be transported to a dungeon and placed in bondage servitude. Upon being released both were so humiliated that they left the Syracuse area permanently.

Leaving Kevin momentarily unattended on the couch in his painful restraints, I went to the kitchen and phoned Joe. He stated at the current time it would not be possible to confine a male slave upon his premises or elsewhere, but he was quite willing to send two gay maledoms to my home to assist with training. While somewhat disappointed I readily accepted his offer.

Ordinarily I use forced gay sex as a training modality for male subs I suspect of being homophobic. With Kevin there was no specific reason to suspect that this was the case, but my contempt for him was so great that I had no qualms about subjecting him to such training. Still, I realized that the ultimate fate of Kevin would not be easily decided.

Once again my van was to be used as a transport vehicle for an unwilling captive. Kevins struggles had resulted in his wrist cuffs tightening, which can easily in serious injury if the blood supply is cut off. As much as I enjoy inflicting pain on my submissives, some limits must be imposed so I set about using duct tape to secure his wrists and ankles which permitted me to remove both sets of steel cuffs. With additional tape just below the knees and around his elbows he was quite secure for transport.

Backing my van up to the garage door enabled me to single handedly drag the scumbag from the living room and shove him into the rear of the van. His struggles had ceased, owing largely to the gag which restricted his breathing coupled with the mass of duct tape wrapped around his limbs. For a little extra humiliation I stroked his cock by hand a few times and left it sticking out of his zipper. I didnt even bother to secure him to the floor bolts and drove quite cautiously back to Camillus periodically observing him by glancing to my rear.

Upon arriving home I pulled the van into the garage and again single handedly dragged my captive to the basement dungeon area. I roughly unwound the duct tape covering his mouth and eyes enabling him to see his new temporary home, the panties were removed from his mouth as well. The other restraints were left in place and I dragged him into the holding cell before locking it.

My prisoner, realizing his helplessness attempted to put forth a conciliatory posture by saying meeklycant we work this out and be friends. My response was to inform him he was not to speak without permission. To demonstrate the consequences I reentered the holding cell, a short riding crop in my hand and delivered a stinging blow to his cock which still extended through his jeans. Once again I made reference to its smallness and offered the observation that such cocks are generally responsive to cock rings and ball stretchers, in addition to periodic croppings.

Kevin needed to be subjected to continual pain so I pulled his jeans and underwear down to his feet before returning with a tooth brush and a small jar of mentholated cream. After dipping the tooth brush into the jar it was penetrated roughly into Kevins asshole causing him to struggle helplessly in his bonds. The cream would irritate his innards for at least an hour and hopefully would dissipate by the time he was to be penetrated by the cock of his gay trainer.

As I slammed the cell door shut Kevin, no longer gagged realized the futility of pleading for an amicable outcome and reverted to his characteristic bellicose temperament by mouthing threats to alter my anatomy. He had yet to learn that he had an appointment with a gay bondage trainer within a few hours nor that the female attire lying on a chair next to the cell had been specially purchased by me and was sized for wear by larger framed subs, male subs of course. I love springing such surprises incrementally rather than all at once!

Leaving him unattended to writhe in misery, I went upstairs intending to participate in one of my regular AOL chatrooms but was interrupted by several phone calls. One such call was from Bernadette who evidently felt some compulsion to relate some of the details of her date with one of her professors. It seems the prof was a latent male sub and that Bernadette had kept him bound up for much of the date in addition to satisfying him sexually in some more conventional ways. Her motive was venal of course, she was quite confident she would receive a high final grade in the microbiology course she was taking.

With the unrelenting interruptions today I finally logged off and resolved to answer phone calls only from a select few individuals. My chief concern was how to dispose of Kevin, it was indeed a quandary that had to be addressed immediately. Most males after being forced to undergo this type of bondage would be so humiliated they would leave the area permanently.

While this would certainly be a desirable outcome for Kevin I had no reason to hope it would occur. One of my worst nightmares has been some male that I tortured, bursting into my tavern and opening fire. With someone of Kevins ilk some type of violent outcome was almost certain. Having Kevin snuffed was not an option, for all the  numerous depravities I have inflicted I would never seriously consider it.

Once again my cell rang and Caller ID showed the call coming from Joe, the leather store owner. The caller identified himself as Brian and that he was one of two gay bondage trainers assigned to Kevin. We agreed to begin the session in two hours and once again I continued to contemplate Kevins fate.

END PART 46

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 47
By Long Tall Mary

The next two hours was spent eagerly anticipating the arrival of the two gay trainers. Kevin was left in his restraints and when I went downstairs to check on him he continued spewing threats, once again this resulted in a crop lash to his cock and to silence him I used a whiffel type ball gag.

My first visitor was Lorraine, the psychiatric nurse, who upon learning that I had a male slave insisted upon being allowed to take certain liberties with him. While Im not particularly fond of her dominatrix style, she has proven invaluable in the past especially with sedating unruly subs. Lorraine was attired in her customary sweat suit, Im certain that dominatrix attire that would fit her severely obese, bovine like figure would be difficult to obtain at most fetish boutiques.

Within fifteen minutes of Lorraines arrival the two male doms arrived. The first was Brian, whom I had spoken with on the phone and the other was Jeff, neither of whom I had seen before. They were a study in contrasts with Brian having the frame of a football linebacker,  at least 64, 220 and with strong masculine vocal qualities. Jeff was of a much smaller frame that approximated Kevins and he spoke in a slightly effeminate, British accented manner. Both were attired in jeans and black sweatshirts.

My initial impression was that the two formed a Mutt and Jeff combination, ironic in one having the same name of course. In this business you dont inquire as to the background of such persons but I later learned that Jeff was a citizen of the UK, and a graduate student in horticulture on a one year fellowship at the local university, I never did find out the line on Brian.

We all gathered in the living room to discuss the training regimen. My first requirement was that with the exception of myself, each trainer would wear a mask at all times to minimize any possibility of recognition. This was not exactly to Lorraines liking and she suggested that the trainee be masked instead. To do so would deprive me of the immense pleasure I obtain from seeing the look of abject humiliation on my subs faces as they experience the forced loss of their homosexual virginity, so it prevailed that the trainers would wear masks. Brian and Jeff had brought leather masks with them and I provided Lorraine with a ski mask.

Kevin had been kept uninformed of my plans for him and most certainly was surprised as four persons, three of them masked approached his cell. Had all four been females it might have been bearable for him, but knowing that two were males induced a new element of fear and uncertainty. Kevins tape bonds were still secure and he was dragged out of the cell by Brian and Jeff.

The first position I had chose for him was to have his arms suspended behind his back to the overhead, with his feet secured to floor bolts. While Brian and Jeff held him securely I used my shears to cut away both his tape restraints and every item of clothing he was wearing. The tape was replaced by four leather cuffs, one for each ankle and wrist. Surprisingly he offered no resistance but he was secured with the wrist cuffs to the ceiling before the ankle and knee tape was removed.

Before securing his legs we fitted a pair of stockings onto his legs, further female attire would be added later. I like my ladies well dressed I cooed as I stroked his cock with my fingers. A cock ring was snapped into place and I couldnt resist further taunting him over his lack of penile endowment. 

The wrist cuffs were winched up behind his back and over his head, with his legs spread fairly wide he was accessible for the flagellation and anal penetration phases, for the oral phase he would be repositioned. His gag was removed and Jeff was designated to give a brief description of the training he would endure.

You will be exposed to both oral and anal penetration by my partner and I intoned Jeff in a scholarly manner. But first you will receive a very painful whipping, immediately thereafter we will begin our penetration, you will sound off repeatedly during the anal phase Thank you Sir for allowing me this pleasure, if you fail to sound off loudly enough it will only prolong the penetration and you will suffer further whipping as well, you will be given instructions for the oral phase later. 

Kevins reaction was unexpectedly belligerent as he lashed out verbally at his trainer with  you fucking faggot I will kill you when I get loose. I say unexpectedly as usually being tightly restrained for an extended period and cock whipped prior to the penetration phase saps the will to resist. Jeff, with his charming British accent replied calmly I think it is indeed prudent that you refrain from any further intemperate language. Jeffs clinical like manner was in contrast to most maledoms I have dealt with, they tend to have few words for their slaves and get right into the torture.

Lorraine commenced with the bull whipping of the defiant slave, indeed his attitude was complicating plans for his release but I tried to brush that aside for the moment and enjoy the pain he would experience. Practitioners with this type of whip are few and far between but I have enough confidence in Lorraines ability, to know that he would not be skinned alive. With practiced precision she delivered fifteen lashes to his bare back, with this type of whip the intensity does not vary and the slave can be pushed to his limit based upon the number of lashes.

Kevin was obviously in extreme pain but too proud to plead for relief. The next phase, the anal penetration with the required oral recitation would be a major factor as to determining how much progress he had made in his training.

The anal phase would be done by Brian, as Jeff continued his narration, My partner will take you from the rear, his cock is exceptionally large and I am certain you will find this a most unpleasant experience which is our intent. He reemphasized  the importance of proper recitation as Brian straddled him from the rear and began thrusting. I stood in front of Kevin smiling, something I rarely do, as he experienced the loss of his homosexual virginity. Despite his lack of verbal protests his anguish and humiliation was obvious from body language.

It quickly became apparent that Kevin had no intention of reciting the Thank you sir script so after nearly a minute of thrusting I directed Brian to stop. Mistress commence whipping I directed to Lorraine. As Brian withdrew, Kevin spate out the script but it was too little, too late and he received an additional eight lashes with the bull whip.

I strongly suggest you enunciate your script with sufficient intensity unless you wish to receive additional lashes and be required to perform some other acts which you would not otherwise chimed in Jeff. Brian reentered him, upon which Kevin ceased his defiance and began reciting the script in a satisfactory manner. This continued for nearly ten minutes before I motioned for Brian to cease his thrusting.

If anything the anal phase was more humiliating than painful, after the oral phase was complete I would use my spiked strapon to provide him with a far more painful experience. To prepare him for the oral I released the chain that was winching his arms behind him to the ceiling and put him in a kneeling position, his legs still spread and secured by leather cuffs to rings in the floor. A basic leather training collar was fastened around his neck as well.

CBT is a skill area in which a dominatrix must possess at least basic competency. Im personally not that fond of it, probably because of my distaste for male subs in general and the fact that so many of them crave it. My favorite CBT device is the so called humbler device which Kevin would now experience.

The humbler is a wooden vise like device designed for the torture of male genitals. It is applied by the having the sub kneel, and his ball sacks are pulled backwards and sandwiched between the two halves of the device which is then screwed into place. If applied correctly the male will be unable to stand as the sacks will be stretched resulting in excruciating pain.

I emphasize the correct aspect as a few years ago when I was managing dominatrix, one of my marginally performing staff dominatrix applied the device incorrectly and twice it fell off the sub. Fortunately I observed the embarrassing incident and I simply wont tolerate such incompetence by any of my associates. After the sub had completed his session the dominatrix experienced the correct application of the device, but upon a different body part.

She spent nearly a hour hogtied with the device used in a vise like manner upon her boobs. I have found the device most effective at minimizing movement by hogtied females. If the correct hogtie position is used any thrashing or rolling about will result in pain to the boobs, and to assure such movement would occur I inserted a vibrator into her cunt after setting it for maximum speed. The dominatrix was so humiliated by the experience that she quit on the spot thus sparing me the chore of firing her.

Kevin winced in pain as I screwed the device in place. After disconnecting the ankle cuffs from the floor bolts, and with his hands securely bound behind I ordered him to stand up. Needless to say he was unable to so and I made him repeat the attempt several times. Even to someone so calloused to inflicting pain, it was especially gratifying to see a male in such a state of abject helplessness, prevented from standing on his feet by the prospect of literally having his balls torn off. However the humbler will not prevent a sub from crawling on his knees, Kevin was leashed and under threat of severe whipping he was made to crawl about the floor, using only his knees for nearly five minutes and to continuously recite I am a useless piece of trash.

I complimented Kevin on his surprisingly adequate performance after repeatedly  trashing his masculinity by commenting on the size of his genitals and referring to him as my little faggot, this would continue until his confinement ended.

It was time for the oral portion to begin, Kevin was ordered to assume a kneeling position and to open his mouth wide as Jeff inserted the dental gag and ratcheted it tightly into place. To be on the safe side I checked the fit of the gag and found it adequate, it is not impossible for a determined sub to dislodge one of these even without the use of his hands. While it has never happened, the consequences of a sub biting down on a trainers cock are too gruesome to contemplate.

Jeff proceeded with instructions to his most unwilling pupil, This will serve to prevent your teeth from coming into contact with my cock, should that happen you will be in need of dentures, you will lick my cock until I tell you to stop, when I am ready I will mouth fuck you and you will swallow the ejaculate, should you try to expel it you will likely choke, and of course you will be severely whipped in any event. It was also explained that adequate performance on the oral would expedite the removal of the humbler from his ball sacks.

Kevin was resigned to the forced oral sex and offered no resistance as Jeff sat in a chair in front of him and pulled his head forward into his crotch. Jeff had to prod him several times to be more diligent in the use of his tongue but evidently was satisfied with the overall quality.

 After nearly ten minutes of this Jeff proceeded to the mouth fucking phase, repeatedly thrusting back and forth in his oral cavity. Jeff was not as well hung as Brian making it easier for the unwilling sub to accommodate the phallic intruder. After several minutes of this Jeff climaxed forcing Kevin to swallow his first dose of ejaculated semen.

With the oral phase complete I once again complimented Kevin on his performance, stroking his cock gently by hand and continuing to refer to him as my little faggot. As a reward his humbler was removed freeing his ball sacks from their painful bondage. To complete his session for today I ordered him to stand and bend over my saw horse like device, his hands still bound behind him. His legs were spread and the leather ankle cuffs attached to the legs of the saw horse.

I made it a point of showing him the spiked anal intruder before attaching it to my strap on and commencing with thrusting. It is not difficult to inflict maximal pain with this type of intruder, which of course was my intent. The pain proved to be so intense that Kevin was unable to avoid begging for me to stop. I simply let him continue with his pathetic pleadings, as he was beginning to thrash about I ordered Brian to attach a chain from his collar loop to a floor bolt which abruptly halted his movements.

After nearly ten minutes I withdrew from him, confident that the anal pain would persist for days to come. As he was nude except for stockings , I felt he should be provided with further attire before being placed in the holding cell for the night. In short order he was fitted with a pair of panties, a vinyl leather mini, and a red colored fake bra, of a type specifically designed for cross dressers. To compliment the clothing he was fitted with a blonde wig, and some lipstick. I like my faggots to be dressed very lady like, I cooed. 

Kevin was placed in the holding cell. His leather wrist cuffs were removed and replaced with steel cuffs, these were cuffed in front of him to the bars of the cell door. This forced him to remain standing, which would be for the entire night. My contempt for him was such that he would not be allowed the comfort of sitting, in addition it would permit me to safely enter his cell without anyone else being present.

Lorraine, Brian, and Jeff quickly departed, leaving me the difficult task of deciding Kevins fate. After inserting a bondage DVD into my player, I poured myself a stiff drink and relaxed in the living room recliner confident that a solution would soon percolate in my mind.

END PART 47

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 48
by Long Tall Mary

Authors note: As this series winds on down I wish to express my thanks to those readers who have offered comments, either by written review or Email. Not surprisingly, most of the Emails have been from Syracuse area residents. 

The events and characters depicted in this series are fictional. It is intended to provide a plausible account of the practical, logistical and legal challenges faced by a professional dominatrix.  For the most part the setting is Onondaga County, NY which includes the City of Syracuse. Since Syracuse only has one medical school, I wish to emphasize that any reference to or depiction of such an institution, employee or student thereof, is likewise fictional.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
A fortuitous combination of circumstances enabled me to dispose of Kevin in a much more humane manner than otherwise might have occurred. 

It began that evening with a call from my ex sister-in-law Johanna, it was at her instigation that Kevin had been abducted. She asked me if I had read the current Post-Standard, which I had not. It carried a story concerning a major Syracuse area drug bust, amongst those arrested was a reputed kingpin of the local meth trade.

Had I read the story it would have been of no significance to me, however it was to have profound ramifications for Kevin. Earlier today Johanna had been visited by two thugs who demanded to know Kevins whereabouts, fortunately she was able to convince them she did not know and the thugs left without incident. It seems that the jailed kingpin suspected Kevin of being an informant for the feds and was responsible for his arrest. The thugs let it be known that a contract was out for him.

Kevin himself was a low level meth dealer, who had drug charges pending against him. After being jailed and unable to make bail he was abruptly released without bail, this by itself would cause one to suspect that he perhaps made some type of deal with the feds.

The second fortuitous development was that I had received a call from Joe, the leather store owner, informing me of a cult that might be interested in acquiring Kevin. The only details he provided was that the cult was a bi-sexual group with a living compound somewhere in a remote area of the Adirondack region. He was vague on whether cult members were free to leave the compound but the impression I received was that they were not.

My spirits soared upon learning of these developments! I promptly confronted Kevin, who by this time was in great physical pain from his flagellation and anal torture, as well as emasculated psychologically from the repeated trashing of his masculinity. He was quite susceptible to any proposition I might broach. Kevin readily admitted that he was the informant, but claimed he had been betrayed by the DEA who had assured him his testimony would not be required and his confidentiality was absolutely secure. In addition he had been required to sign an agreement that he was not eligible for any witness protection program, and that the only consideration he would receive was release without bail and no future jail time.

Kevin realized that I could easily turn him over to the contract enforcers or release him unconditionally. In the event of the former he would be tortured before being executed, if the later he would be forced to relocate scrumptiously to another region. As he was of rather limited sophistication I considered his chances of survival on the street to be slim.

Under the circumstances it was hardly surprising that the worthless piece of trash accepted the offer to live with the cult. Arrangements were made for transporters from the cult to take delivery of him at 8:00PM the following day. Until then I permitted him the comfort of sitting unrestrained in the cell with the requirement that he not remove any of his female attire. Due to the lack of staff to assist me, Kevin was not subjected to any further discipline.

The transporters arrived on schedule, two were male and one female. All three were in their twenties and dressed in jeans and black leather jackets, both males had shaved heads and the female had a punk rock style hairdo. None of them appeared particularly friendly and only one of the three, the heavier set male did any talking.

Kevin was removed from the cell and the transport procedure was explained to him. It was nearly a three hour drive, he would not be restrained but was fitted with a stun belt. Any improper behavior would result in a disabling shock being administered via remote control. Kevin was given a demo shock which caused him to cringe in pain and paralyzed him for nearly a minute.

To complement Kevins bra and black vinyl mini I had provided him with a cheap, tight fitting polyester zip up jacket as well as a set of five inch heels. Due to his inexperience walking in heels two of the transporters guided him, one holding each arm, out to the transport vehicle. He was placed in the rear of the two door Honda Civic with the female sitting beside him, the two males in front.

The transporters departed without as much as saying good bye, my presence was essentially ignored. Kevin being the despicable ingrate that he is didnt even have the decency to thank me for my hospitality. Still it gave me a feeling of great relief as the Honda Civic backed out of the drive and headed down the road, its taillights quickly fading from sight.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
About two weeks later I received a message from Joe to stop by his store. When I did he showed me a photograph, purportedly taken at the compound. It showed Kevin and another unidentified male, who appeared to be in his twenties, lying side by side on a bed both wearing jeans and no top. Each was bound hand and foot, and cleave gagged with some type of cloth, it was apparent that they had been ordered to pose for the photo.

The photo was hardly sexually explicit and the only information he could provide was that Kevin had proven to be quite difficult, and was being trained to satisfy the sexual needs of certain male cult members. I thanked Joe for his efforts and assured him that I would reciprocate in any way that I could.

For the next few months my client bookings were few and far between. This enabled me to spend more time at my bar which continued to prosper. My attraction to Bernadette was such that I attempted to seduce her but my advances were spurned. She was more interested in seducing her university professors, attempting to blackmail them into giving her good grades. Our relationship is temporarily in a rift and her future status as my associate is in question. I havent ruled out subjecting her to a forced disciplinary session.

During this period it appears that I have been targeted by various government agencies, in an orchestrated effort to decimate my bar business and ultimately my dominance in the local dominatrix sphere. Initially I suspected that a disgruntled former client was responsible but definitive proof was lacking.

The first target was the East Syracuse bar, which for years has hosted the monthly meetings of the local bondage support group, of which I serve as facilitator. Despite the fact that the meetings are held in a separate room, with no nudity or alcohol consumption permitted, the bar received a ten day suspension from the State Liquor Authority for permitting lewd and prurient conduct to transpire upon the premises. Needless to say the support group was not permitted to continue its monthly meetings and a new venue is still being sought.

Soon thereafter the SLA attempted to take action against my liquor license on the grounds that I had concealed my conviction for Promoting Prostitution. It cost me another three thousand dollars for a lawyer and the SLA charge was dismissed. The conviction was more than five years old and the hearing officer ruled that I was never asked about it when renewing my license, and that the SLA waited too long before taking action.

Earlier in the year I beat another SLA charge, this was the time I had handcuffed and stripped an unruly male patron at my bar. I suspect that the more recent charge was in retaliation for this. It has resulted in heightened vigilance at my bar, the staff has been instructed to be especially diligent in checking younger patrons for proof of age. Another change , made with reluctance is that I no longer permit subs to be led about in the bar on leashes. 

The state continued its harassment when about a month later I was audited by the State IRS claiming that I owed thirty five hundred dollars in back taxes. Once again I was forced to retain an attorney, it cost me one thousand dollars but I ended up paying no back taxes.

Next to be targeted was Newhart, my psychiatrist friend whom Ive written about in past chapters. That is not his real name but he resembles Bob Newhart in his demeanor. He is a part time Associate Professor at the local medical school in addition to having a private psychiatric practice . Newhart is a regular customer at my bar and one of the few males that Ive ever had a non BDSM relationship with.

Over the years Newhart has been generous in prescribing sedative drugs for me as well as certain other medications used to treat my neurological tremor syndrome. He was audited by the DEA over his prescribing practices but withstood scrutiny, and is still prescribing the meds for me. Newhart reported that the feds seemed particularly interested in what medications had been prescribed for me.

Needless to say this chain of events has caused a fair amount of paranoia for me. I even went so far as hiring a private investigator to sweep my home for wireless bugs or telephone taps. Fortunately one of my regular customers knows someone who works for the SLA and was able to obtain some information in strict confidence, he would not reveal his source but I had no reason to doubt the credibility of my source.

The gist of the matter is that someone at the SLA was upset that I had beat the first charge, the handcuffing and stripping of the patron. The particular SLA official was known to hold grudges and did some further investigation which revealed my involvement in the bondage support group, so the East Syracuse bar was targeted. Somewhere along the line they discovered my previous conviction and went after me for that, again unsuccessfully.

This explanation partially eased my concerns, at least to the degree that I knew the person and motive. It still didnt answer the question of who was responsible for the audit of my psychiatrist. My source was unable to account for this either, but could not rule out the possibility that the spiteful SLA official had somehow learned what meds I was taking and passed that information to the feds.

One practice that I had introduced locally was hosting introductory bondage parties at the homes of various women, for this I received no compensation. Typically they were attended by six or seven women with no bondage experience, but interested in learning more about the subject in a safe environment. The parties were quite a turn on for me as the format called for one of the ladies to volunteer to be my demonstrator. This proved to be quite amusing at times, despite the fact that no nudity was involved it seemed like no want wanted to be the volunteer, leaving me the pleasure of selecting one.

Over an approximate six month period I hosted six such parties. While I thought that the level of interest by the guests was high, the demonstrations failed to generate any new clients for myself or any other dominatrix, so Im no longer hosting such parties.

One source of continuing gratification is the annual sorority pledging ritual, at a prestigious liberal arts college in an adjoining county. For five of the past six years Ive been invited to conduct the ritual, which needless to say involves bondage. The young pledges are partially stripped, bound and subjected to caning.

It is very light bondage with no overt sexual acts  performed. Except for painful red welts on their buttocks for a few days, the pledges are none the worse for their experience. My annual demonstrations have generated only two private clients, but it gives me a good feeling to know that I have made it possible for the young wenches to experience the pleasure of bondage, in most cases for the first time. I have to admit that it has been extremely difficult to resist the temptation to hogtie some of the more curvaceous coed cuties, and transport them to my home in my van for personalized training.

Mother Jugs, the lesbian biker gang leader who procured Lori for servitude sent me a second video depicting her experiences. The film, with no audio, shows Lori nude and chained by a collar, sitting in the corner of a basement. A burly male biker type approaches and she immediately rises to a position of rigid attention. The biker pulls up a chair, pulls down his pants and sits down. Lori then drops to her knees and using her hands and mouth performs fellatio on the biker.

Mother Jugs reports that Lori is adapting to her servitude and is no longer continually restrained, but is confined to the club house. Her sexual duties are to serve both the female gang members and the male visitors with the non sexual duties consisting primarily of housekeeping chores. Her reward for good behavior is being allowed to use drugs. Jugs doubts Lori will ever ride with the gang and will likely be kept indefinitely in residential servitude.

I have been unable to elicit any information concerning the welfare of Kevin. When I spoke with Joe at the leather store recently he related a hypothetical scenario:The proximity of the cult compound to the St. Lawrence Seaway is such that it wouldnt be that difficult to place a slave aboard one of the numerous ocean going vessels that traverse the waterway. The slave would then be shipped to a foreign country and procured by a private owner.

While I knew better than to press Joe for more information, I cannot help but think that the hypothetical scenario has already materialized. I only wish I could personally have participated in his training at the compound, as well as transporting him to the ship.

END PART 48

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 49
By Long Tall Mary

Author&#8217;s note: for those who read Part#48, para#7,&#8221;due to a quirk in my WPS I can not type &#8220;su-rr-ep-tious-ly&#8221;&nbsp;&nbsp; without hyphenating, it auto types &#8220;scrumptiously&#8221;
 
In recent weeks my dominatrix business has been enjoying a significant upswing in activity, after several months of recession. Probably the most important change has been the absence of harassment by government agencies. I have learned from a reliable source that the State Liquor Authority official who is suspected of instigating the harassment, has retired and evidently his successor has no interest in pursuing the vendetta.

My West Fayette Street bar continues to prosper and I have added a third full time waitress. In addition I devote one night a week to live jazz music, hoping to expand the customer base. Patti and Kristen have reconciled their differences and both have been performing at an acceptable level. The newest waitress, Colleen, has a tendency to be air headedly disobedient and eventually will require a disciplinary session.

My attempts to reconcile with Bernadette were unsuccessful , and she was expelled from the local university for cheating on one of her exams in a pre med course she was taking. While she had seduced one professor into giving her favorable grades, her attempts to do so with another professor had been unsuccessful, so she took the risk of cheating, and got caught. Bernadette is from an affluent Long Island family and I have no doubt you won&#8216;t find her stocking shelves at Wal Mart, however her future as a medical doctor appears precluded.

The departure of Bernadette once again left me without any reliable staff. In desperation I turned to Jeff, the gay British graduate student who had assisted in the training of Kevin. Jeff agreed to serve as a monitor for subs confined in my dungeon during my absence. He would not be allowed to have physical contact with any of them, for the most part they would remain locked in the holding cell. Jeff&#8217;s presence was merely to monitor them, primarily over the CCTV and he would spend most of his time studying.

During this period, Syracuse was experiencing a paucity of competent dominatrix. One potential candidate who came to mind was Noreen, in her early forties and with no dominatrix experience that I was aware of. I had met her at a previous bondage support group meaning at which time she indicated her primary interest was in dominating males, but also conceded a bi-sexual curiosity.

Her attributes were quite appealing, autumn haired and about 5&#8217;7, weight proportionate. She had an excellent body for someone her age, a flat stomach and well toned muscular legs, I recall her saying she worked out regularly at a fitness center. Noreen was a resident of rural Cortland County, recently divorced, with her ex being a wealthy surgeon. She reportedly received a seven digit settlement and had no need nor desire to seek employment, serving as a dominatrix would be a form of recreation.

My inclination was towards Noreen for two reasons, the first being her age. From many years in the business I&#8217;ve developed a bias in favor of older dominatrix. They are less prone to mischief such as stealing clients and selling drugs. My predominantly female clientele also tends to prefer older dominatrix. The second factor was my intuitive feeling towards Noreen, I wasn&#8217;t personally sexually attracted to her. In the case of Bernadette I did feel such an attraction and she spurned all my advances, such situations take a negative toll on me emotionally.

Noreen expressed interest when I contacted her by phone and it was agreed we would meet at my home. I made her aware of my requirement that all prospective dominatrix must audition before me as a submissive. It was apparent that she was less than thrilled, however my requirement is unwavering and is necessary to detect latent submissives, my experience has shown that such types will prove to be inadequate as dominatrix.

A meeting was scheduled at my home and Noreen arrived on a Saturday morning at 10:00, driving a Hummer. She was attired fashionably in a mini skirt, a tight fitting white sweater and knee length boots. We discussed my various expectations for staff dominatrix, and I wanted to be assured she would be content to deal with only female clientele.

Numerous times when I have been interviewing a prospective dominatrix I have forcibly embraced, fondled and kissed them, but in this case I felt no such attraction. Instead I would proceed directly to the audition with Noreen as the submissive.

First she was given a quick tour of the basement dungeon and seemed familiar with most of the equipment, by her own admission she had spent a good deal of time studying various bondage web sites. I then commanded her to remove her clothes.

Noreen balked at the prospect of complete nudity, she was insistent upon leaving on her boots, garter and stockings. Politely but very firmly I made it known that complete nudity is the rule, with no exceptions. Rather begrudgingly she complied, I considered this a minor attitudinal deficiency which would quickly be corrected.

In short order Noreen was attached with leather cuffs to the overhead and was given a flogger and crop workout of moderate intensity. It was clear that she was not enjoying being on the receiving end, but was tolerating it for the sake of being allowed to serve as my assistant. I demonstrated the attachment of the strap on by
a female and subjected her to about two minutes of rather mild thrusting.

Released from the overhead she was requested to display her rope tying ability on a cellar post. I found she possessed only minimal proficiency in this area, and would have to use cuffs for the short term. To emphasize the proper method I placed her in a rigid hogtie for nearly fifteen minutes. She was commanded to attempt escape but despite a vigorous effort she was unsuccessful. I tried out a variety of gags upon her, and inserted a vibrating dildo in her cunt to keep her aroused. 

Overall my opinion of Noreen was positive, most importantly she exhibited no latent submissive tendencies. Unfortunately I had no submissive she could audition upon, and I&#8217;m not about to let myself be used as a demonstrator. I was confident that Noreen would be competent at flagellation, nipple torture, strap on work, and various other forms of torture. I do expect my dominatrix to possess a certain degree of rope tying skills, and this was clearly one area in which she needed improvement.

To emphasize the importance of rope tying skills, after Noreen was released from the hogtie I put her in a stringent rope chair tie which included some tight breast bondage.&nbsp; This was clearly not to her liking but I informed her that until her rope proficiency improved she could expect to be bound frequently. She spent nearly an hour in the chair tie, but the time was not all wasted as she was required to watch several bondage training videos, including one produced by yours truly.

It wasn&#8217;t long before Noreen had a submissive to audition upon, namely my newly hired waitress, Colleen. At 26 years of age Colleen was clearly a &#8220;looker&#8221;, generously endowed with stellar breast size, shapely legs, and shoulder length brown. More importantly she had a vivacious personality and could quickly come on to customers. My observations of her led me to conclude she was coming on &#8220;too strong&#8221; to numerous male customers.

In addition she had developed a habit of tardiness-being five or ten minutes late. She also had the audacity to take two sick days in her first month of employment. Both were for Friday work shifts and I later learned that on one of the occasions she had a date with one of my regular customers. I strongly discourage such dating, as in the event the relationship goes sour I invariably loose a customer.

On one particular occasion I noticed Colleen engaged in totally inappropriate behavior. She was sitting on the lap of a male customer who had extended his hand through her slacks and into her crotch. It was the type of behavior she had been specifically warned about before being hired.

My immediate reaction was to order the offending male patron to leave the bar, even though he was a fairly regular customer, I simply don&#8217;t tolerate such boorish behavior in my posh bar. The customer balked at leaving, I then brandished a set of handcuffs in front of him. I&#8217;m certain he was aware of my reputation for handcuffing and humiliating unruly patrons, and he left without further argument. 

Colleen was ordered into the kitchen and to stand at attention while I read her the riot act. Her overall performance to date was unsatisfactory, and she was given the option of resigning or reporting to my home at 6:00PM Monday for a disciplinary session, She reluctantly opted for the later.

When my staff are hired they are made aware that I am a dominatrix and if they find it objectionable they should&nbsp;&nbsp; look elsewhere for employment. As Colleen rang my doorbell at 6:00, she must have realized that some type of bondage punishment was in store for her.

Much to my surprise, she expected only a talk session, further confirming my impression that she was a mental bantamweight. Colleen must have been unsettled when she observed both Noreen and myself clad in two piece leather outfits. After inviting her into the living room she was ordered to remove all clothes, she was clad in a short red dress with stiletto heels &#8220;I&#8216;m not prepared to do that, I&#8216;m not in the habit of undressing before other women&#8221; she responded smugly.

&#8220;Mistress strip the bitch&#8221; I commanded to Noreen and in less than two minutes Colleen found herself minus her dress, bra, underwear and heels, in other words fully nude.
She put up a mild struggle which Noreen was able to handle unassisted.

Next I handed Noreen a length of red rope and ordered her to tie the sub&#8217;s wrists and elbows behind her. Noreen had a very personal interest in assuring this was done correctly, as previously I had informed her that if Colleen escaped her bonds, the two of them would spend several hours bound together and sharing a dildo for two. I assisted Noreen by sitting on the legs of her sub as she was being roped.

Evidently Noreen had been practicing her rope work as my preliminary examination showed that her bonds were escape proof. I further ordered Colleen&#8217;s ankles bound and connected to her upper body restraints, as a hog tie. To silence her protests I strapped a ball gag onto her and added a loose fitting posture collar. The wench was now ready to begin her training in full.

Colleen was left in the hogtie for nearly fifteen minutes and was ordered to struggle, under threat of whipping, to escape from her bonds. Noreen watched apprehensively, but my to my disappointment the bonds held firm. I really enjoy two wenches bound together and forced to share a dildo.

Colleen was led on a leash to the basement, where she caught her first glimpse of my dungeon. The holding cell, cage and various bondage accouterments displayed are quite effective at intimidating novice subs, especially the less willing types. Colleen was informed she had a choice between a three hour compressed session in the dungeon or overnight confinement, in which case she would spend the night sitting in the cramped cage. Not surprisingly she chose the compressed session. She was quickly informed of basic dungeon etiquette such as not speaking without permission, proper enunciation for recitals, and addressing both Noreen and myself as &#8220;Mistress&#8221;.

The training program had been scripted and explained to Noreen in advance. After freeing her from her rope restraints, leashing exercises were next on the agenda and for this the six foot leash attached previously to her collar was used. Under threat of whipping she was made to crawl on her hands and knees about the basement for nearly ten minutes, making barking sounds continuously. 

During the leashing portion I received a cell phone call and noticed it was from &#8220;Newhart&#8221;, my drug prescriber and one time boyfriend. His calls are answered immediately so I stepped upstairs to take the call. I was invited to serve as a guest lecturer at a course in &#8220;Deviant Sexual Behavior&#8221;, being offered at the medical school. In addition he took the opportunity to hit on me for a non bondage date. I remained non-committal to both requests.

Upon returning to the basement I found that Noreen had completed the leashing exercises, the next step was oral training for my errant waitress. Noreen bound her hands behind her with rope, and sitting herself in a chair ordered Colleen to commence deep tonguing her pussy. If she performed adequately she would be spared the ignominy of deep tonguing her asshole.

After nearly five minutes of this Noreen was satisfied with the quality of her sub&#8217;s mouth work. The vast majority of times, subs are required to perform their mouth work with their hands bound, using only their mouths. I personally derive gratification from pulling the sub by the hair and forcing their mouth into my crotch.

Colleen, her hands still bound behind her, was connected to the overhead using a winched cable. This pulled her arms up behind her and was extremely uncomfortable, it also left her vulnerable to the flagellation and anal penetration that were yet to come.

Noreen commenced with the use of a cat of nine tails, she had been instructed to flog the buttocks, boobs, stomach and crotch-what I refer to as &#8220;Flagellation 101&#8221;. I kept a close eye on Noreen as I had no previous opportunity to assess her flagellation skills and I didn&#8217;t want Colleen pushed to the limit.

Noreen performed admirably with Colleen being required to recite &#8220;Thank you for the pleasure mistress&#8221; after each lash. She took nearly fifty lashes of varying intensities before I halted the flagellation. It was now time for Noreen to use her strap on for the first time and she would be using the hard rubber dildo with numerous spikes to assure adequate pain.

Noreen continued with her penetrations for nearly ten minutes after I inserted a pair of my soiled panties into Colleen&#8217;s mouth. By the time the anal portion was concluded it was obvious Colleen was in great pain from the combined floggings and penetrations. She was released from the overhead, and with her wrists and elbows still bound was locked in the holding cell to ponder the error of her ways, I removed the panties but warned her against speaking.

Colleen was released as promised after three hours of confinement. She assured me that her work habits would improve, but only time would tell. As she had been scheduled to work the next day, my generosity prevailed once again as I allowed her a day off with pay. With Wednesday being her regular day off, she would be in a far better frame of mind to work on Thursday.







I soon lost the services of Jeff, who had agreed to serve as a dungeon monitor. Within a few days he broached a proposition whereby he would be allowed to use my dungeon to train gay male submissives. For this I would receive a portion of his session fee.

This request was promptly denied as I simply won&#8217;t allow my dungeon to be used under such circumstances. Just as promptly Jeff stated he had no interest in serving as my dungeon monitor and our relationship ended amicably but on a discordant note.

Later I brought this matter to Joe&#8217;s attention. Joe has his own dungeon which caters exclusively to gay males, while he is not an active trainer he subcontracts training slots to other male trainers. A typical session fee is $200.00 per hour and Joe receives fifty per cent. Jeff had offered me $50.00 per hour as a session fee, which meant he stood to pocket considerably more than if contracting with Joe.

Joe was enraged upon learning this and understandably so. It was a blatant case of client stealing and in short order Jeff was barred from sessioning at Joe&#8217;s dungeon. His graduate fellowship ended about two months later and he returned to the UK, at least as far as we know.

Apparently in appreciation for alerting him to Jeff&#8217;s scheme, about a week later I received a video shot of Kevin while in captivity. The tape had no audio and with most of the characters wearing masks I had no way of knowing at what location it was made at.

In the first part of the video Kevin and another male of approximately the same age are shown sitting next to each other on a couch. Both are naked, bound hand and foot, and cleaved gagged as in the first video. They are smiling at the camera, however it is doubtful the smiles are voluntary. In the next scene three masked males are sitting on the couch with Kevin kneeling before them. For a total of less than seven minutes he can be seen performing fellatio on each of the three and swallowing the ejaculate.

In the final few minutes of the video Kevin is naked and sitting upright on a bed, he is wearing a collar and a chain can be seen connected to the bed frame. He masturbates for several minutes before discharging a wad of ejaculate. Once again he smiles throughout the scene.

Even without the audio and with the short duration of the tape it was extremely gratifying to view, I played it six times the first day. It would have been much more gratifying to know whether or not Kevin had been shipped overseas, but this was dependent on the whimsical Joe. I would just have to wait.

END PART 49





























.





















































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 50
By Long Tall Mary

One new trend that has come to my attention, is that certain psychiatrists are prescribing bondage as therapy for their patients. My good physician friend, &#8220;Newhart&#8221;, showed me an article written in a prestigious medical journal that touted the benefits of such therapy. Newhart considers the therapy too experimental to prescribe to any of his patients, and in my chats with other dominatrix I haven&#8217;t heard of it being prescribed anywhere.

As a self employed dominatrix I receive a fair number of requests for my services which I elect to decline. The most common are from male subs, and males who wish for their wife or girl friend to be bondaged in their presence. This later fantasy is very popular but I&#8217;m not aware of any local dominatrix who has performed such a session recently. 

My reason for refusing this type of session is the security factor, dominatrix can and have been overpowered and abused in such situations. I&#8217;m not willing to spend the money necessary for adequate security. Another concern is the legal aspect, many of these sessions are performed on women who are less than willing. I&#8217;m aware of at least one recent incident in the New York City area, where a husband hired a dominatrix to tie up and torture his wife as he watched. The wife went to the police resulting in both hub and the dominatrix being arrested.

Another macabre routine I have been requested to perform several times, have been simulated execution scenes involving males. These spiked with widespread reporting of hostage beheadings in Iraq. I want absolutely no part of them.

On occasion I will encounter a client who seeks only a mild form of bondage. These specialized requests are not to my liking but depending on business and if the price is right, I may grant the request. A recent example involved a 35 year old female from the Buffalo area.

The woman, Elise, was employed in a management capacity at a local temp employment agency. A divorced heterosexual, she had long harbored a fantasy of being overpowered and taken by another female, however she didn&#8217;t want any of the anal, oral, and other tortures 
associated with such a situation, to be performed.

After chatting with her for nearly two weeks by Instant Message and phone, I decided to grant her request which was basically an abduction for ransom fantasy. The agreement was that she would pay a five hundred session fee for two and a half hours, after driving 140 miles. My session fees are on a sliding scale, and knowing she was likely well off financially led me to charge her the upper end fee.

Recently I have taken a precaution to assure that none of my submissive clients goes to the wrong house, as happened about a month ago. A three color traffic signal, purchased in a novelty store is placed in my front window and green is the go signal. This is similar to an arrangement my former employer, Craig, used at a BDSM bordello in Clay years ago.

The agreement was that Elise would remain fully clothed, she would be overpowered and placed in tight restraint while I pretended to negotiate a ransom for her release. My theory has long been that heterosexual women who set&nbsp; such Victorian conditions, are repressed lesbians who actually seek to be sexually abused by their captor. Once they are restrained, the abuse is involuntary and they are able to rationalize it as such.

I had already seen Elise&#8217;s picture, she was an attractive, short haired, photogenic brunette of about 5&#8217;8 and 140 pounds. An appointment date was set for a Saturday at 8:30AM. It had been decided that Elise would dress very provocatively wearing a black mini skirt and tight red sweater.

Elise arrived on schedule and I wasted no time, by not exchanging any pleasantries. As soon as she entered the garage I grabbed her, pinning one arm behind and dragging her to the living room. She put up a modest struggle and pleaded with me to release her.

My plan was to confine her initially to the living room, and later she would be introduced to the basement dungeon. Elise continued to put up a feigned struggle as I roped her wrists, elbows and ankles and connected them into a hogtie. Next came the gag and Elise had been expecting some type of cloth gag. Much to her surprise her mouth was stuffed with a pair of my soiled panties and sealed with duct tape.

Her feigned alarm now became real and what I had planned next would only increase it. One of my favorite routines is to simulate a phone call with a slave trader, and attempt to negotiate a sale price for a slave. In this case of course the slave was Elise, and she had a look of abject fear about her as I continued with my ruse.

On the pretense that I hadn&#8217;t inspected the slave&#8217;s physical attributes, I told the slaver to remain on the line which I inspected &#8220;my property&#8221; as I phrased it. I pulled Elise&#8217; sweater above her boobs, removed her bra, then removed her mini skirt and garter arrangement. I twisted her nipples with my fingers and roughly fingered her pussy.

In vivid terms I then proceeded to describe the slave&#8217;s anatomical attributes then hung up, in about ten minutes the slaver would call back with a price offer. I just smiled, pretending to be humored by her plight. Her panty gag suppressed any intelligible speech.

Suddenly I noticed that Elise was experiencing an adverse panic reaction and hyperventilating, probably because of the panty gag, not uncommon for a novice sub. Since I really bore Elise no ill will, I decided to halt the ruse.

After removing the tape and panties from her mouth, I informed her that it was indeed a ruse. Her reaction was a mixture of bewilderment and relief. Using my chicanery ability to the utmost, I strived to convince Elise of her repressed urge to be dominated by another female, that it was indeed a common fantasy and basically that she had no choice but to submit to my sexual penetrations.

My treatment of Elise would be more gentle than the treatment which other subs were routinely subjected to. She was instructed that as sexual tribute, she would deep tongue my pussy and that if adequate no oral work upon my asshole would be required. In addition she would be subjected to a rather gentle strap on intrusion of her cunt, but that her asshole would be spared.

Still in her hogtie position I sat on the couch and pulled her face into my crouch. She displayed little enthusiasm as her tongue burrowed into my pussy for several minutes. Had it been any other sub, with a comparable performance they would have been whipped immediately but due to my rather benevolent feelings towards Elise, she was not penalized. 

The next step was to position her on the floor, still hogtied&nbsp; with a ball gag in place, and using a non serrated strap on she was penetrated from that position. I kept up my thrusts for nearly five minutes, it induced rather passionate moaning and resulted in multiple climaxes.

I decided it was best not to push my novice sub any further and that post episode counseling would be beneficial. This of course is only if I feel benevolently towards a sub, in the case of Kevin I continued to trash his masculinity after his forced sex was complete. I could care less if he suffered a lifetime of mental anguish, he precipitated his torture by threatening my ex sister-in-law.

The ropes and gag were removed from Elise, and still nude&nbsp; I&nbsp; sat her on the couch beside me and embracing her intimately, tried to console her. I assured her that many women, particularly non-lesbians, have a deep rooted urge to be dominated by another female but had difficulty &#8220;reaching out&#8221; to a dominate, as I put it. Elise wasn&#8217;t buying it however and seemed bitter that I had duped her.

In a further effort to soothe her negative feelings, I offered her two gift certificates from my bar for a full course meal with drink and endorsed it for a Buffalo restaurant. I have a reciprocal agreement with restaurants in Albany and Rochester as well, we each honor an agreed upon number of gift certificates a year from the giver&#8217;s restaurant. These are posh, upper class establishments like my own. Such innovation on my part is one reason why my bar continues to prosper.

The ingrate had the audacity to tell me where to put my gift certificates, this being in one of my body cavities of course. My benevolent attitude towards her came to an abrupt halt, a pair of handcuffs were slapped on her and grabbing her by the arm I roughly led her downstairs to the dungeon, the bitch protesting and struggling all the way.

In short order the bitch was attached to the overhead, her handcuffed wrists pulled up tautly behind. A ball gag was reattached to silence her protests. I made known to her that until she displayed proper respect towards me, she would remain confined in the dungeon, including spending the night in the cage if necessary. In addition she would be subjected to a severe corporal discipline session, that I had not planned initially.

Grabbing one of my floggers I proceeded to administer&nbsp; high intensity lashings for nearly five minutes, concentrating primarily on her boobs and buttocks. When someone incurs my wrath in the manner she did, I have a tendency to be oblivious to the pain but in this case I was able to stop before pushing her to the breaking point.

The bitch was hysterical and crying as I removed her ball gag, it was now time for the oral recitation, her script was &#8220;Forgive me Mistress for rejecting your kindness, I am a useless slut&#8221;. This would be repeated with adequate vocal intensity after each lash. She received nearly thirty flogger lashes about her body, her vocal performance improved after the first flogger lash to her cunt but her stubbornness prolonged her pain. Still I was able to stop short of pushing her past her breaking point.

By the time the flogging session was complete, Elise broke down and begged for forgiveness. I still wasn&#8217;t entertaining very kind thoughts about her, and frankly I was bored as she spewed out psychobabble about her failed relationships with men, as well as other intimate details of her life. But I pretended to be sympathetic as I just wanted to get rid of her.

Before allowing Elise a cooling off period I made her deep tongue my asshole. She was freed from the overhead and with her hands still cuffed behind her, made to kneel as I leaned forward against the couch and positioned my asshole in proximity to her mouth. Under threat of further whipping, she burrowed deep within my anal cavity for nearly five minutes, the taste of my pussy must have been gourmet by comparison.

I kept her locked in the cage for another two hours before releasing her, during this period she was forbidden to speak. Elise was compliant in this respect, and finally I decided her attitude warranted release. She then had the audacity to request the two gift certificates that she had rejected earlier, begrudgingly but for the sake of expediency I allowed her to have them. 

I made one further attempt to offer post episode stress counseling to Elise but she was unreceptive. Her release was uneventful, and not surprisingly I never heard from her again. The ingrate however had no qualms about redeeming my two gift certificates. Her case exemplifies the pitfalls of attempting to accomodate a sub whose preferences are unrealistically antiseptic.

No memoirs of a dominatrix would be complete without mention of the question of payment for services. While established escort services may honor credit cards, this is not a realistic option for most practicing dominatrix, as it would create a paper trail with serious privacy and legal concerns. The rule is cash paid before services are rendered, typically the sub hands the dominatrix an envelope upon arrival.

I don&#8217;t keep a black book of my clients, in fact when I was managing dominatrix I frequently only knew the first name of the client. As an independent dominatrix I know the full names of all my clients but nowhere is this information kept in written form. Practically speaking most of the appointments are made over AOL, it is more difficult for some gumshoe to track my Emails and IMs than it would be to obtain my cell phone records. When it is necessary to verify the sex or age of a prospective client I use a non traceable Tracfone, rather than my permanent Verizon cell number. 

I take the issue of client privacy quite seriously, regrettably many dominatrix are lax in this area. My computer is equipped with specialized shredding software and a host of other security features. At least once a year I hire a private investigator to conduct a sweep for hidden surveillance devices about my premises.

It is my practice to never extend credit to any client, some dominatrix will do this but more often than not they end up never being paid. A few years ago when I was managing dominatrix we had one male sub who sought credit for a session. If a client appeared and failed to pay cash he was denied service and the next time he was charged double. If the client failed to pay the second time he was precluded from future service. This is because our sessions were scheduled three hours apart to prevent clients from coming into contact with other clients. If a sub failed to pay we were out the session fee, as there was no way to fill the time slot on short notice.

The male sub in question sought credit the second time and as I was not content to just drop him as a client, he would be severely punished. The sub must have been surprised when I stripped him naked and bound him securely with rope on the floor, normally he would be attached to the overhead with leather cuffs.

This occurred during the heyday of the late Mad Max , the&nbsp; legendary and stellar gay bondage trainer in Central New York. Renowned for his bizarre sadism, one of his favorite techniques was to force gay sex upon an unwilling heterosexual male. It seemed like the fitting punishment for my deadbeat client and I immediately put in a call for Max.

At this time Max worked for a funeral home, with access to a take home hearse and he was known to transport subs in this vehicle. Max arrived within the hour driving his hearse and proceeded to drag the tightly bound and ball gagged sub from the basement out to the hearse in the driveway. He was not blindfolded as I&#8217;m certain Max wanted him to get a good look at the transport vehicle and the shipping container. 

The sub put up a good struggle, which intensified when he realized that he was being placed into an empty coffin in the rear of the hearse. However he was no was match for Max&#8217;s meth induced strength and in short order the coffin lid was locked and Max drove off without saying a word. I can still recall the muffled screams through the gag and the sounds of thrashing about in the coffin.

Max returned about two hours later and unloaded the sub from the coffin. He was still naked and bound as had been previously, but in place of the ball gag he was wearing a dental retainer gag which stretched his mouth wide open. Noticeably absent were any whip marks, the bull whip being Max&#8217;s signature. All the fight was drained from him and he offered no resistance as he was led downstairs. 

He was unbound and after being allowed to dress, departed abruptly without saying a word. Max never did confide to me exactly what depravities he inflicted upon the sub, but a reliable source reported that the sub was driven to Max&#8217;s dungeon and subjected to forced group anal and oral&nbsp; sex.

END PART 50


 







































 













MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 51
by Long Tall Mary

My ego is such, that whenever I loose a contract to provide dominatrix services, my reaction is one of anger. Such was the case nearly a year ago when I lost the contract to provide disciplinary services, to the all-female boarding academy near Ithaca.

Since that time the academy has been through two different headmistress, both subsequent to the departure of Headmistress Jones, who had resigned after financial irregularities were discovered. The current headmistress, Cecilia, was on the verge of resigning due to rampant cadet misconduct but made one final entreaty to the board of directors.

It seems that the cadets, most of whom are at the school to defer criminal prosecution, have shown a lack of fear of any significant punishment, since corporal and bondage methods are no longer permitted. Infractions ran the gamut from possessing cell phones to assaultive behavior towards the staff, most of whom are of the social worker mindset and disposed rather charitably towards the wayward cadets.

Regardless of their disciplinary record, all the cadets were assured of weekend leave because none of the staff were willing to work weekends. Overall there was little incentive to abide by the rules, the only reason the cadets had to fear expulsion was failure to maintain minimal academic standards

Evidently the board of directors was unwilling to face the resignation of yet another Headmistress, subsequently Cecilia was authorized to explore the possibility of bondage and corporal discipline. She agreed to meet me for suppertime at my downtown bar, at which time she would be treated to a sumptuous meal and we would discuss the disciplinary matter privately in my office at the bar.

In contrast to Headmistress Jones I was favorably impressed by Cecilia, whereas Jones was squeamish about such trivialities as leaving red welts on the cadets, Cecilia accepted the necessity of punishments that were both painful and humiliating. Her main concern was allegations of sexual abuse, such as oral and anal sex, but I assured her that I had no such intentions.

My proposed compensation package was much higher than previously. For a minimum of one month I would spend Friday overnight at the academy disciplining the cadets who would be confined for the weekend, with Noreen  serving as my assistant. This meant not being present for the large Friday night bar crowd, but I was satisfied that Patti would be able to adequately handle affairs.

One of my preconditions was that the academy acquire certain disciplinary equipment. The first item was a pillory, this is a very effective disciplinary tool and it can be used even when Im not present. It just so happened that Joe, the leather store owner, had a pillory for sale and Cecilia agreed to purchase it from him for one thousand dollars, including delivery. It was one small way of repaying Joe for his past services.

Another pre-condition was that the academy provide suitable confinement facilities. Underneath the administration building is a dank basement, well suited for that purpose. Realistically I couldnt expect the academy to spend hundreds of dollars constructing holding cells, however they did agree to provide numerous wall, floor, and ceiling rings which were suitable for attaching restraints. In addition they agreed to purchase three canine type metal cages which would be placed in the basement.

During my previous service at the academy the student body consisted of twenty cadets, currently the number was eighteen. None of the current cadets had any prior interaction with me, however most were aware that a tall, middle aged dominatrix, had transported a group of cadets to a dungeon and done some very kinky things to them as well as to, then Headmistress Jones.

 I explained to Cecilia the reason why I disciplined the former Headmistress, this appeared to be of no great concern to her and she assured me she would do nothing to embarrass me in the presence of the cadets. Cecilia brought to my attention that the suspected ringleader of the errant cadets was Andrea, an 18 year Long Island resident attending her first semester at the academy.

Plans were made for Noreen and I to arrive at the academy early on a Friday afternoon. The format would be similar to my last visit, the cadets would fall out for formation and I would explain the new disciplinary program. Immediately thereafter an inspection would be conducted of the cadets living area and their belongings, anyone found to be in possession of contraband would be denied weekend liberty and confined for discipline.

Arrangements were also made to have the pillory device delivered simultaneously by two of Joes associates, it would be positioned outdoors at the entrance to the administration building and covered until I chose the right moment to unveil it. I didnt expect to have any difficultly finding a cadet to be the first locked into the pillory and humiliated before the group.

The student body fell out on schedule with the cadets attired in their athletic uniforms, consisting of white t-shirts with the academy name emblazoned upon it,  red shorts and gym shoes. These certainly were more appealing than the drab blue sweater, white blouse, grey skirt outfit ordinarily worn, however the t-shirts tended to be loose fitting and consistent with the prudish orientation of the academy.

I began my monologue, observing the reaction of the cadets closely, and after several minutes I removed the cover from the pillory, resulting in some rather apprehensive facial expressions. One cadet, a precociously chesty blonde, was making snickering faces and she would be the first to be humiliated, indeed it was Andrea, the alleged ringleader.

Without requiring her to fall out of formation I addressed the wench in a respectful manner, Cadet, could you tell us all what you find so amusing? Her response was that device may have been fine for women who fell asleep in Puritan churches in the 17th century but it is clearly cruel and unusual punishment by contemporary standards.

Another pre law student I thought to myself as I issued my first command to Noreen, place the enlightened bitch in the pillory and prepare her for caning. Cadet Andrea was stunned by the command and before she could react Noreen grabbed her by the hair and dragged her to the pillory.

The pillory was a five hole device with three at the upper level for the head and arms, the base platform had two for the legs. I assisted Noreen in securing the wench in the device, including her legs which were spread about four feet wide. Our swiftness and forcefulness of technique most certainly prevented any physical resistance. The wench exhibited verbal insolence, basically telling us we were violating her rights but wisely refraining from using epithets such as bitch.

Indeed you do have the right to remain silent I chortled as I stuffed a pair of soiled panties into her mouth, I always have at least one pair in my jobber bag. The rest of the cadets were aghast as I pulled down Andreas shorts and panties to prepare her for caning, this pleasurable task I would perform myself.

In addition to Headmistress Cecilia, three academy female staffers were present. While I had doubts as to their loyalty, Cecilia was confident that their presence discouraged any attempt at rebellion by the cadets. I resumed my monologue to the formation, leaving Andrea humiliatingly pilloried and contemplating her fate.

My speech completed, the cadets were ordered to line up facing Andrea so as she would be further humiliated by having them see her anguished facial expressions during the caning. I administered eight strokes with my rattan, afterwards I tried to soothe Andreas feelings somewhat by telling her she probably wouldnt be able to sit for several days without pain, and the welts would take even longer to heel.

Leaving Andrea in the pillory the other cadets were ordered to their living area for an inspection. This is a communal area, with all the beds in one large non partitioned room. Each cadet stood at attention by her bed as I inspected her locker and other personal belongings.

The results of the inspection confirmed the perception of Headmistress Cecilia that disciplinary infractions were rampant. In all, seventeen of the eighteen cadets were found to be in possession of contraband such as cell phones, contraceptives, marijuana and alcohol. As I only intended to confine six cadets for the weekend I was forced to prioritize and I took into consideration the demerit sheet maintained by Cecilia. Finally I selected six cadets, including Andrea of course, who would be confined at the academy, the others would be dealt with later.

My next move was to force the six cadets to engage in some strenuous exercise which would leave them exhausted and in a more compliant frame of mind. This was a sack race, only instead of sacks the cadets were bound hand and foot with plastic cuffs, including Andrea who was released from the pillory. In addition tape was placed over the mouth of each cadet.

Outdoors we measured off a course of one hundred fifty feet, the cadets had to hop back and forth for twenty minutes. At the end of that period the last cadet to cross the finish line would be restrained in the pillory and caned in the same manner as had Andrea. If a cadet fell while hopping she would be dragged to her feet by pulling her hair. The heaviest of the cadets was Lydia, a plumper at about 54 and 165 pounds, she was the early favorite to loose, although personally I hoped Andrea would loose and be subjected to double caning.

Cecilia, Noreen and myself had a hard time containing our delight as the cadets hopped furiously and moaned through their gags as they attempted to avoid a last place finish. To her credit, Lydia did not fall once and was holding her own for the first half of the race. Andrea, however did fall and I took my time before pulling her to her feet.

Lydia finished last nearly two minutes after the second last place finisher, I found this somewhat regrettable as she seemed to have the least defiant attitude of the group. You cant let personal sentiment cloud your judgment in these cases, and I unhesitatingly cut her wrist and ankle bindings off and walked her to the pillory. The poor wench was trying hard to avoid crying as Noreen locked her in place and arranged her clothing accordingly.

Noreen administered seven strokes with the rattan, the other five cadets still had their wrist bindings in place and were made to witness the caning. I decided that a few hours standing in the basement dungeon would be a good follow up to the race. After escorting the six to the dungeon their plastic bindings were replaced with leather wrist cuffs. The low height of the basement allowed the cuffs to be padlocked to the hooks on the ceiling, no tethering was necessary.

After the cadets were secure in the basement they were left unattended, with the tape covering their mouths having been removed following the race. Ordinarily I like to have my subs gagged but in this case the cadets were unaware that a CCTV with both audio and video had been installed. I had no doubt that I would hear some interesting chatter.
As Cecilia and I emerged from the basement, a secretary gave her a rather disturbing message. It seems that Andreas boy friend, upset over her weekend confinement, had called to say that he was on his way to the academy and had no intention of leaving without her.

The relatives of the cadets selected for weekend confinement are notified by telephone early Friday afternoon to avoid making an unnecessary trip to the bus stop in Dryden. Andrea was from Long Island but was authorized to spend weekends with another cadet from the Binghamton area. This cadets relatives had been notified and word soon reached Andreas boyfriend, Juan.

What was even more disturbing was that Cecilia had reason to suspect Juan was a drug dealer, carried a handgun and drove a stolen car. These circumstances were formidable but I was confident that I would be able to deal with the thug.

It was only three in the afternoon which meant Juan would likely arrive within ninety minutes. My first move was to place a call to Joe at the leather store, to request assistance from some of his gay associates, he assured me that someone would arrive within two hours.

If only Juan realized what was in store for him, most certainly he would have refrained from such a foolhardy mission. Im not fond of guns and stolen cars but the thought of Juan being tortured by both myself, as well as treated to forced gay sex, clearly outweighed the risks.

END PART 51

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 52
by Long Tall Mary

While awaiting the arrival of Juan my cell rang, it was Pattie my manager, and I knew before answering that it meant trouble. Kristen, my full time waitress, had just been arrested at the bar by police and taken away in handcuffs. The only information Patti had was that it was a warrant for some type of drug charge committed previously.

Just fucking great! In addition to being short a waitress for a busy Friday night, I had to be concerned with whether or not Kristen could have been dealing drugs at the bar without my knowledge. If so my liquor license would be  in jeopardy. Fortunately Patti was able to contact one of my part time waitress and she agreed to work on short notice, I offer fifty dollars cash off the books, in addition to the regularly hour wage and tips under these circumstances.

Upon learning that Kristens bail had been set at $1000.00, I contacted an intermediary who would go to the holding center and post the bail. My motivations were far from altruistic, I wanted to learn by speaking with Kristen, the details of the charge, my peace of mind was at stake.

Before I was able to speak with her Juan arrived at the academy, driving a dark blue older Camaro. Pretending to be the Headmistress I walked out to greet him with Noreen standing closely by to assist me if necessary. Juan was far heavier and muscular than Kevin, the last male I had overpowered. While Im not particularly fond of Latino macho types, he wasnt all that bad looking except for numerous facial scars.

He wasted no time becoming assertive, You fucking cunt, I want my woman, Andrea and now, or else Im going to rearrange your ugly face. Rather than reply orally I kneed him in the groin, causing him to cringe in pain. In seconds I applied my Raptor stun gun to his neck and he was on the ground, semi- conscious and incapable of resistance.

Noreen rushed to my side as I swiftly cuffed the thugs wrists behind him and likewise his ankles were cuffed together. Due to his size it wasnt that easy to move him, so rather than drag him inside the building we placed him on the rear floor of his Camaro. Much to my relief, after patting him down I found no weapon, a search of his vehicle likewise failed to uncover one.

I used a funnel gag on him, allowing him to breath and his face was covered with a leather hood, having openings for only his nostrils and mouth. As much as I enjoy seeing the look of humiliation about a sub, minimizing the chance of him identifying anyone was of greater concern.

Juan quickly emerged from his semi-consciousness, thrashing about and attempting to yell through his gag. To further taunt him I unzipped his jeans and pulled out his dick, indeed he was well hung and I certainly couldnt verbally trash him on that point.
 Gently stroking his rigid cock, I calmly explained that he would be turned over to some of my gay bondage buddies for some discipline, emphasizing that it included forced anal and oral sex. He tried to speak through his gag and almost sounded like he was trying to be apologetic. My response was to find a Christian station on his car radio and turn up the volume full blast, as some preacher delivered a sermon.

About thirty minutes later a sixteen foot delivery truck bearing Happy Ice Company markings pulled up the driveway and stopped in front of the administration building. Usually I dont recognize the transporters, but in this case Joe was behind the wheel and accompanied by Brian. It was quite surprising to see Joe on a job in person, usually he directed operations from his leather store. He is balding, 50 something, and bears a strong resemblance to Kojak of TV fame.

Before Joes arrival I had gone through Juans car, and after checking the registration card found it to be registered to him. It was of immense relief to know the vehicle wasnt stolen and as a result Joe agreed to drive it and follow the truck back to Syracuse. In cases of abduction like this, such details are very important. If Juan were to disappear the last thing I want is for his car to be found at the academy. Juan would not be able to identify his abductors or place of detention, as one or both of them would wear masks or be blindfolded at all times.

 While Ive learned not to ask questions, most likely Joe would park the Camaro somewhere inconspicuous and when Juan was released, he would be in female attire and dropped off somewhere near the car. The scumbag was deserving of every ounce of humiliation and torture imaginable and my only regret was that I wouldnt be able to witness it. None of the confined cadets would witness nor be told of Juans abduction.

Joe and Brian, like most of the gay trainers I deal with are men of few words. However as I had left his cock sticking out through his zipper slit, Joe did gratuitously comment on its size. Through his ear, covered by the leather hood, I continued to taunt Juan by cooing softly when you finish serving these gentlemen, you can have a session with me and enjoy a real woman. 

Preparation for transport was prompt and efficient. It was agreed that Juan would continue to wear my hood and gag. Joe removed a two wheeled metal shipping cart from the back of the truck and rolled it to the Camaro, accompanied by Brian who was carrying three rolls of black duct tape.

Juan offered no resistance as the handcuffs were removed from his wrists and ankles, and replaced with tape. He was then hoisted into an upright position on the cart and additional tape was used on both his upper and lower body to secure him in that position. A ramp was placed from the rear door of the truck to the ground, and the cart with Juan attached was wheeled into the cargo area of the truck. Additional connectors were used to secure the cart to the truck wall so that it would stay in place for the duration of the trip. The refrigerator compressor was running which assured Juan would enjoy the benefits of air conditioning during transport, and would drown out any sounds he might make.

Brian got behind the wheel of the truck and drove off, with Joe following in the Camaro. Joe gave no indication of Juans fate but I was confident he would notify me, if and when, his new sex slave was released. Noreen and I breathed a sigh of relief, Headmistress Cecilia, who had remained indoors during the encounter, expressed her appreciation for my handling of the matter.

Shortly after Juans departure I received a call from the intermediary I had sent to post bail for Kristen. According to my source it appeared Kristen had been caught on a wiretap ordering cocaine, she, several other customers, as well as the dealer had been busted. Kristen had assured her that none of the calls or deliveries were made to or from my bar, but until I could speak with her personally, I would have little peace of mind.

I had been doing some electronic eavesdropping of my own, using the CCTV audio to listen to the cadet chatter in the dungeon. One comment that infuriated me was Andrea referring to me as the long legged old lady bitch and how she would rearrange my facial features, precisely the same words uttered by Juan. 

Noreen, Cecilia and myself proceeded to the dungeon where the six cadets had been left fully attired in heir athletic clothes. Rather than remove the cuffs, then remove their t-shirts, my first inclination was to take my heavy duty scissors and cut off each t-shirt. I relented and each t-shirt was pulled up over their heads and knotted. Next the bras came off, followed by shorts and panties, the cadets were now ready for the various corporal punishments I had in store for them. 

First I made a announcement, will the cadet who referred to me as the long legged old lady bitch please identify herself, this was met with silence but the expression on Andreas face was adequate to identify the offender, even if I werent already aware. After it was apparent that no one would be forthcoming I announced that each cadet would be severely flogged until someone confessed.

Probably thinking she was saving her fellow cadets from undeserved pain, Andrea admitted to uttering the contemptible remarks. I gently twisted her left nipple with my fingers and then without warning I savagely thrashed my flogger across both of her boobs, causing her to cry out in pain.

The means of how Andreas facial features could be rearranged were rather limited, with the only practical option being the dental retainer type gag. I made sure it stretched her mouth open as much as possible, and that  she was aware it was in response to her earlier comments. She was informed that further painful punishment would be inflicted upon her later, leaving her to ponder her fate. As her position was far too comfortable I recuffed her hands, this time behind her back and winched them upwards,    forcing her to stand in a bent over position.

Next on the agenda was interrogation of the other five cadets. Extracting truthful answers has long been my forte, Headmistress Cecilia was most interested in what I learned although she would not allowed to be personally present. Predictably I would learn of the lesbian and heterosexual relationships amongst the cadets, as well as any alcohol or drug use.

Lydia was selected to be the first interrogated, her wrist cuffs were unfastened from the ceiling hooks, her t-shirt removed, then her wrists were cuffed behind her back. I grabbed the nude plumper by the arm and led her upstairs to the interrogation room. My preferred position is for the sub to kneel before me as I sit in a chair, flogger in hand, and begin my questioning.

The poor wench would have related her entire life history had I pushed her, however my main concern was extracting information as to which cadets were engaged in what mischief. Ive found that by permitting the sub to relate some of their personal concerns, it allows me to pretend to be sympathetic, and that much easier to obtain the desired information.

Lydia was from an affluent family but had been beset by lifelong obesity. This prevented her from participating in school sports , boys took no interest in her, and she was exposed to widespread ridicule. Despite this adversity she was a high scholastic achiever, until her sophomore year when she fell into the habit of mixing alcohol with marijuana. Her indiscretions ultimately led to trouble with the law and as a condition of probation she agreed to attend the academy for her senior year.

She readily confessed to using marijuana several times at the academy, identifying Andrea as essentially being a courier for her drug dealing boyfriend, Juan. Andrea was also providing marihuana to three other current academy cadets, and at least four others were procuring it from other sources during their weekend leaves.

Im not a prude when he it comes to marihuana but the idea that these wayward wenches could be sent to an expensive boarding school, supposedly for boot camp style discipline, then continue to indulge their illicit habit, caused me to be greatly perturbed. That the school, ostensibly for legal reasons, could initiate a bondage discipline, but not drug testing program struck me as incredulous. 

Lydias reward for her candor was to be spared from any torture, at least for the time being. She was led back to the dungeon, where her wrist cuffs were once again attached to the ceiling hooks, assuring she would stand uncomfortably for an extended period.

At this time I instructed Noreen to tape the mouths of all of the cadets except Andrea, who seemed to be doing quite well with the retainer gag. Until the interrogation is complete it is essential to prevent the cadets from discussing with one another, what one cadet might have, or might say.

Andrea still looked too comfortable, even with her arms stretched above her back, so I took the opportunity to attach a pair of clamps to her tits and yank the chain back and forth several times. Predictably this resulted in a shriek of pain, it was as much to punish her as it was to place the cadets still to be interrogated, in the proper frame of mind.

The next four cadets to be interrogated were remarkably cooperative and much to my disappointment, it wasnt necessary to use any additional torture to extract the desired information. Their answers were consistent, indicating they were telling the truth without agreeing beforehand amongst themselves what to say.

With the interrogations complete I was able to assess the extent of the disciplinary problems at the academy. The most nefarious activity was marijuana use, twelve of the eighteen cadets were using it. Andrea was the provider, meeting with Juan twice during the week.

Despite strict prohibitions on visitors, Andrea was able to slip off undetected into the surrounding woods and meet Juan on a nearby isolated stretch of highway. After presumably engaging in sex, Andrea slipped back into the academy with the marijuana which was sold to the cadets individually.

How twelve cadets could smoke marijuana, undetected upon the academy ground grounds, was beyond my imagination and pointed to collusion by academy staff. I would soon be discussing the matter with Headmistress Cecilia and recommending changes, but first it was necessary to secure the cadets for the evening.

Three of the cadets were selected to enjoy the relative comfort of sitting in the individual cages for the evening Naked, they were not restrained or gagged, at this point I didnt care if they communicated with each other. None the less, to frustrate any such attempts I piped in loud music over the CCTV, suffice to say it wasnt heavy metal music but a more inspirational type.

Two of the cadets, including Lydia, were allowed the even greater comfort of being chained to beds in separate rooms. Their restraints allowed them to stand with no additional range of movement.

Andrea would spend the night rope bound to a chair in the bedroom I would be sleeping in. Never underestimate the discomfort of an expertly done chair tie. She would have been more comfortable had she been forced to stand overnight attached to the overhead. The bitch was bound so tightly as to assure maximal discomfort and this included a crotch rope, connected to a rope around her waist.

As much as I enjoy the discomfort resulting from the retainer gag, it cant be left in place overnight without risking facial nerve damage. In its place I attached a facial harness with a snap on rubber cock attachment, making it easier on the musculature as well as permitting adequate breathing. The harness padlocks into place making it impossible to remove, even if the hands are free and the cock snaps on so tightly that no amount of facial contortions can dislodge it.

After Andrea was secure I gave her another vicious flogger stroke across her boobs as a taste of what she could expect later. For the time being she would remain unattended in the guest bedroom. Norine was assigned the task of monitoring Andrea and the two cadets who were chained to their beds, the cadets in the basement would be monitored by CCTV.

Cecilia invited us into her study and proceeded to pour each of the three of us , a glass of an expensive brand of Chardonnay. While Im not particularly fond of imbibing while on jobs, feelings can suffer if such offerings are declined. I quickly got down to business and hoped that the Chardonnay would make Cecilia more receptive to what I had to offer.

END PART 52

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 53
By Long Tall Mary

My attempts to discuss cadet discipline with Headmistress Cecilia met with little progress. She quickly became giddy and it was evident she was inebriated. Her sobriety was inconsistent with having only one glass of Chardonnay in the last twenty minutes, either she had been imbibing earlier or the alcohol was interacting with some drug in her system.

Ordinarily I dont tolerate any alcohol consumption or intoxication by my submissives, and initially was quite upset that my client had chosen to do so. However one can learn much about ones personality when they are inebriated, so I decided to let Cecilia play her little games.

It was apparent that Cecilia had a strong submissive curiosity, as she peppered me with questions concerning the dominatrix life style. These questions all centered upon female on female bondage, and none concerned males. I strongly suspected Cecilia was a latent submissive, and in her state of inebriation was reaching out, so to say, to someone who could readily satisfy her needs.

Cecilia was about 50 years old and the business suit she was wearing typified the conservative values of the academy. While modestly plump, her figure was of above average in sex appeal, relative to her age. She indicated she had been divorced for about ten years and by her own admission, a workaholic at her professional endeavors, with little time for sexual relationships.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Noreen seemed rather uncomfortable with the direction the discussion was taking, so I assigned her the task of dealing with the two cadets who were chained to beds in separate rooms. She would require them to engage in enunciation training, under threat of flogging for the next hour or so. This meant repeating the litany of humiliating phrases such as Im a worthless slut and would allow me plenty of time to deal with Cecilia alone.

My chardonnay had yet to take effect when I made my first advance to Cecilia, Why dont you let me hog tie you and introduce you to the joy of bondage with a real woman. Cecilia giggled and replied that wont be right. In an instant I was sitting beside her on he couch and intimately embracing her, forcing deep mouth kissing on her. Another hand entered underneath her skirt and groped her crotch area.

Cecilia offered little protest and in short order I had her on the couch in a fully clothed hogtie. Please dont let my students see me like this she pleaded. I assured her that I had no such intent but that she was expected to satisfy me sexually by tonguing my pussy.

Ive never done anything like that she pleaded but I reminded her that an alternative was available, that being deep tonguing my asshole, most certainly she would find my cunt juices more palatable. Cecilia knew better than to continue to balk, that which Mistress Mary Cusimano desires, she gets.

Sitting in the chair I pulled her face into my crouch and ordered her to start licking. Her efforts were somewhat lackluster but I wasnt yet ready to inflict corporal punishment on her. At the end of her five minute bout she was allowed to cease her tonguing. Almost any other of my subs would have been whipped for disobedience, but you have to tread gingerly when future business is at stake.

Cecilia was still fully clothed and when I suggested that I might strip her naked and have her pose for the cadets, a look of consternation was immediately evident. Seeking to assuage her fears I made it known that I was being facetious and only wanted Cecilia to experience the joy of lesbian bondage sex, that I had no intention of forcing a lifestyle change upon her. She seemed quite relieved by this and I freed her from the hogtie before Noreen returned.

My reputation as a dominatrix has always been bizarre and unpredictable. No participant in any of my sessions has impunity from my mercurial temperament. A mother who has hired me to discipline her daughter may find herself being anally fucked by me in the presence of the daughter, a headmistress may find herself bondaged in front of her cadets, anything can and will happen to my submissives.
The vast majority of other dominatrix are far more cautious in their styles, with the main concern being the loss of future customers. This is not a concern of mine for every customer I might loose, another is gained somewhere along the line.

 I have been quite vocal in publicly stating that the majority of dominatrix should be sued under consumer protection statutes for fraud for delivering adulterated services. Needless to say this has not endeared me to many in the dominatrix community and I have been accused of client stealing. None of these whiners will make that allegation in my presence, as they know I will promptly subject them to exceedingly humiliating physical punishment.

In the case of Cecilia I concluded she was essentially a dormant heterosexual, but not averse to experiencing a dose of lesbian bondage. But my time was limited and if she wanted a more intensive dose, she could pay me for a special session. Regardless, she was none the worse for her experience and if anything would be more compliant to my recommendations, as the thought of being bondaged and displayed to your cadets is a powerful motivator.

With Cecilia freed from her brief exposure to bondage it was time to discuss business. After informing her of the extent of the cadet drug problem, my first recommendation was weekly drug testing. It seems that Cecilia more for financial, than legal reasons, was reluctant to implement such a program. I let it be known that unless she did I would not continue to serve in my capacity as Assistant Headmistress for discipline.

My next recommendation was implementation of a hard labor regimen for the cadets, both during the school week and during the weekend confinement periods. I had already arranged for a dump truck to drop a load of top soil to the rear of the academy complex.

To demonstrate the type of labor I had in mind, Lydia was freed from her restraints and allowed to dress. One of my favorite items, but one which I seldom use, is a ball and chain device. Attached to one ankle, the fifteen pound steel weight makes it impossible for the wearer to run.

The wearer in this case, of course was Lydia and she was provided with a wheel barrow and shovel. For the next two hours she would shovel dirt from the pile into the wheel barrow, then push the wheel barrow approximately one hundred feet and form a new pile by dumping the contents. She would then return to the original pile and continue until that pile was depleted. It was strictly a make work project.

Actually it would have taken Lydia nearly four hours to complete the assigned task and since of all the cadets, she was probably the most repentant, I only required her to perform for slightly less than an hour. She was then returned to and chained to her bed.

My recommendations for Andrea were far more severe First her parents would be notified that due to her drug transgressions she would be placed in solitary confinement and denied weekend leave indefinitely.

 Cecilia was ordered to prepare a special room for Andrea upstairs, where she would be completely segregated from her fellow cadets. She would be permitted no conversation of any type with the cadets, and if violated she would be placed in the pillory and flogged. Her verbal and social interaction would be limited to staff, and only at a minimal level.

For a minimum of one week she would wear the ball and chain continuously, the only exception being for physical education classes. This would serve two purposes in that it would expose her to severe humiliation, and would frustrate any plans she might have to escape.

At the end of the cadet classroom day she would spend a minimum of two hours working on the dirt pile. Other cadets would be required to perform the same type of labor for varying periods, but as I only had one ball and chain device, it would be worn exclusively by Andrea.

Weekend liberty for all cadets would be suspended until further notice and all would be subject to strip searches, at any time and without notice. As I didnt have time to visit the academy during the week it was agreed that Noreen would make unannounced visits and carry out the task. Aside from that Andrea would be supervised by academy staff and I warned Cecilia that this edict was not to be taken lightly.

It appeared that Cecilia finally appreciated the magnitude of the cadet drug problem and would be supportive of my proposed remedial measures. If not I would not hesitate to contact the board of directors, who had a vested interest in a drug free academy. Future referrals and tuition revenue would be in jeopardy, if word was to circulate of the extent of disciplinary problems, and I had no doubt Headmistress Cecilia would be handed her walking papers.

Just then I received a text message on my cell phone and it was from Joe. Very defiant, hard to break was the complete message but he provided a web cam site by which I could view Juan in captivity.

I immediately logged on to the web site, as usual the photo quality was mediocre with no audio. What I did observe uplifted my spirits tremendously and I only wished I could show it to Andrea. Juan was completely cross dressed in a skirt, blouse, and wig. The makeover was quite professional and even an experienced observer, such as myself would have difficulty discerning the actual sex, the major giveaway was his muscularity.

Juan was bound from foot to neck with duct tape to a pole in a basement, they must have used five or six roles or tape but he was unable to move and in addition he was wearing a ball gag. I found his restraint mode to be atypical of Joe and his associates, usually the subs are restrained in such a manner that they will be readily accessible for oral and anal sex. Not so in this case.

This led me to suspect that Joe was planning on disposing of the low life Juan, perhaps to the cult group or to an ocean going freighter. Either way would be fine with me as his absence would not be missed.

Initially I was disappointed that Juan was not being subjected to any torture, viewable by me, although I assumed that this had already been done. My disappointment was soon dispelled as one of the ski masked trainers inserted a spiked dildo in Juans asshole and roughly plunged it in out several times causing him to cry out in pain through his gag. Oh it was so beautiful!

Noreen and Cecilia were also watching the video and I carefully observed the reaction of each. I had no doubt that it was a tremendous turn on for Noreen, given her expressed desire to torture male subs. Cecilia seemed rather indifferent to the whole video but thanked me profusely for riding the academy of the Latino low life.

When my cell phone activates it seems that two or three different topics are covered in a matter of minutes. No sooner had the video of Juan finished than did I receive a voice call from Kristen, who had been released on bail. She sounded as if she was in tears but I am quite adept at detecting sham pleas for contrition.

And so it was with Kristen, she confessed that three of the drug buys she had received delivery of, were both ordered by cell phone from my bar as well as  personally delivered there. To say that I was infuriated was a gross understatement.

 Kristen begged for forgiveness and I ordered her to appear at my Camillus mansion Saturday evening precisely at 3:00 PM for a discussion of the matter. I strongly suggested she refrain from any further phone conversations relative to her predicament as it was not unlikely the feds were monitoring.

As you can see my ability to function as a dominatrix requires multi-tasking. I must balance the management of my bar against the needs of the specific customer being served at the moment. This is no easy matter when you have to arrange for disposal of a drug dealer, who threatens harm to you, as well as a perfidious waitress, such as Kristen.

Although I had hoped to enjoy a good nights sleep at the academy, before continuing with some additional cadet training on Saturday, I would now be preoccupied with the extent of Kristens drug activity. If I lost my liquor license it would be devastating and I would be unable to maintain the life style to which I was accustomed.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Kristen would be severely punished, make no mistake about it, and my punishment would be far more painful than any legal punishment she might receive. Regrettably when my mood is soured, others suffer as well. In this case it would be Andrea. 

With the help of an extra dose of sedatives I was able to get to sleep. Andrea was left bound and gagged, sitting on a chair positioned so that she was forced to look at me as I slept. I took the liberty of inserting a low speed vibrator into her twat and securing it with the crotch chain. With an estimated battery life of about four hours it would keep the bitch aroused while I slept soundly.

I quickly fell asleep. In the morning my first task would be to inform Andrea of the disappearance of Juan, as well as her punitive restrictions and labor for the coming week. Hell week for Andrea was just beginning.

END PART 53

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 54
By Long Tall Mary

The sedatives enabled me to obtain about four hours of quality sleep. Upon awakening I was treated to the sight of Andrea, still tightly bound to a chair about six feet from the bed, and facing me. She had nodded off but instinctively awakened as I eyed her. The face harness, with the attached cock gag was still intact, and had spared me from having to listen to any of her babble overnight. Bitches frequently attempt to protest through their gags, but in this case Andrea was well aware she would be severely whipped, should she do so.

I offered a few pleasantries to Andrea, such as inquiring if she got a good nights sleep, and was greeted with a very hostile glare. If looks could kill! At this time I broke the news to her that her lover, Juan, had been deported and she wouldnt be having any further contact with him.

Next I spelled out the restrictions she would be subjected to, including solitary confinement, the ball and chain, and hard labor. I left her gag in place as I wasnt interested in hearing her protests.

I decided some early morning leashing exercises was a good way for her to start the day. Her gag, but not face harness was removed with a warning that she would be whipped if she spoke one word without permission. Next I attached a standard leather training collar, connected to a twenty foot leash. I then untied her from the chair but left the crotch chain in place along with the dildo, whose batteries were expired.

Wielding a flogger in my hand, Andrea was instructed she would crawl on all fours throughout the academy and make barking sounds continuously. For the next ten minutes I led her on a tour of the various rooms including the basement dungeon. At each stop she would kneel and bark until told to stop. She was exposed to all of the other confined cadets, as well as Noreen and Cecilia.

Satisfied that sufficient humiliation had been inflicted I made Andrea crawl back to my guest bedroom, where she was made to kneel at the foot of my bed, facing towards the headboard. Handcuffs assured she would be forced to maintain the uncomfortable position as long as I desired, her dildo and crotch chain remained in place. Her cock gag was reinserted.

Cecilia treated Noreen and myself to a sumptuous breakfast while I treated Cecilia to one of my bondage videos. The erotic moans of the subs provided a backdrop as we discussed the days activities. Two other non-resident female staffers arrived to assist in the training, but they were not allowed in Cecilias private dining room.

Frankly, my enthusiasm for the Saturday training session at the academy was lacking, due to my concern over Kristens drug arrest. Already I had moved up my departure time in order to meet Kristen in Camillus at 3:00PM. This meant delegating to Noreen the authority to conduct much of the academy training session. While overall I considered her a competent dominatrix, she was somewhat lacking in restraint skills. None the less I felt I had no choice due to the gravity of Kristens matter.

The Saturday training regimen for all the cadets, except Andrea, was working on the dirt pile until they were exhausted. At my request the academy had altered the lock system for the cadets communal living area. It could now be locked to prevent the cadets from leaving, previously it was left unlocked, primarily as a fire exit.

After completing their strenuous session on the dirt pile, the five cadets would be locked in their living area until morning, and they would not be restrained or prohibited from speaking. Of course by now the cadets were aware of the CCTV and audio monitoring system, and no doubt his would inhibit their chatting.

Andrea would spend the rest of the weekend locked in a cage, in the basement dungeon. Her meals would consist of my standard liquid protein concoction, which I serve to subs in a plastic container. Staff would speak to her only minimally, and the only reason she would be allowed out of the cage would be for toilet use. By contrast the other five cadets were permitted regular meals, they would not be restrained and would be permitted the comfort of being confined to their dormitory.

Late Sunday evening Andrea would be released from the cage and fitted with her ball and chain device. For the rest of the week she would be permitted to sleep, unrestrained in one of the upstairs rooms that had been converted for   confinement use. She would wear the ball and chain continuously until my arrival next Friday, the only exception being staff were authorized to remove it temporarily for physical education classes.

Andrea would attend classes with the rest of the cadets, but not allowed to speak with any of them. All the cadets would spend a minimum of two hours in the evening working on the dirt pile, Andrea would spend at least three hours. I was determined that her week would indeed be a hell week, no effort would be spared to subject her to humiliation and strenuous physical exertion.

I left alone in my van shortly before noon and headed for Camillus. As I approached the interstate exit near Cortland I observed a female hitchhiking alone. She appeared to be at least eighteen years old, a rather petite brunette and moderately good looking. 

Fantasies of abducting female hitchhikers have long aroused my prurient psyche, so I decided to offer the wench a ride. She readily accepted my offer and claimed to be headed for North Syracuse after having a falling out with her boy friend, she planned to visit her girl friend there.

Her name was Kelly and she was attired casually in jeans, a cheap black leather jacket and a white sweater. Not much in the way of boobs but she did have a tight ass which caught my attention immediately. My impression was she was not overly intellectual and further conversation revealed she was nineteen years old, dropped out of high school during her senior year, and had been dependent on her live in boyfriend for financial support. That relationship now appeared to in jeopardy.

To further complicate matters she had just punched out another bitch she accused of trying to steal her man, and expected to be arrested. Since she had no vehicle, her only means of escape from Cortland was by hitchhiking. In my estimation she was tobacco road trash and I that a few days confinement in my dungeon might cause her to see the error of her ways, so to say.

As we drove I bluntly told her that I was a dominatrix and was willing to hire her as a household assistant, at a generous wage, for a week or two. You should have seen the look on her face, if I hadnt been driving 70 miles per hour I think she would have jumped out of the van.

Seeking to assuage her fears I assured her that she wasnt expected to engage in any sexual activity and reemphasized the lucrative wage offer. This caused her to have second thoughts but she insisted on calling her friend and informing her of where she would be staying at.

The bitch ruined my plans to induce her to my home peacefully, as I wasnt about to let her, let alone her friend, know my address. Since she didnt have a cell phone I offered to pull over at the approaching rest area, so she could use my phone. Fortunately as I pulled into the rest area, no other vehicles or persons were present, making it suitable for overpowering her.

The overpowering was swift and certain. I always keep the Raptor stun gun within reach and in this case it happened to be in the well of the drivers door. I handed her my cell phone but the bitch intended to make the call from outside, so a quick jolt from the Raptor caused her to be incapacitated  immediately, leaving her semi-conscious.

I dragged the bitch into the rear of the van and cuffed her hands behind her. Using a special Velcro ankle cuff, I was able to attach each ankle to two bolts on the floor, about two feet apart. Another connector was used so that her wrists were attached to a third  floor bolt, causing her to be bent backwards at nearly a 45 degree angle, a very uncomfortable position. 

Since I dont like to listen to bitches whining, combined with the erotic appeal of gag moans, I used my strap gag with a hard plastic cylindrical mouthpiece, she wouldnt suffocate and would only be able to make semi- intelligent sounds. She was now secure for the remainder of the trip. My cargo van has no rear window and I have a tinted plastic shield, to restrict viewing of the cargo hold from the front seat. Needless to say I left this open, as it allowed me to observe her periodically as I drove.

Initially I intended to stop at my downtown bar before proceeding to Camillus, but with my newly acquired cargo I proceeded directly to my home. I had been fully prepared to honor my offer to pay the bitch as a housekeeper and induce her to submit voluntarily to sex. Due to her reluctance she would now be involuntarily used as my sex toy, and receive no compensation.

As we neared the exit for my house I closed the shield partition to prevent the bitch from identifying the location. After pulling into the garage and closing the door I released her ankle restraints, still handcuffed and gagged she was led to the basement, offering no resistance.

My first move was to search the bitch as they frequently carry weapons, drugs, or cash. I found no weapons or drugs but she did have five twenty dollar bills stashed in her bra. As I am not a thief I assured her that they would be returned to her eventually. I left the gag in place for the moment as I wasnt in the mood for her babble.

I had a sense she might struggle if I attempted to strip her before removing the cuffs, so she was placed in the holding cell and I unlocked the cuffs through the cell door, also the gag was then removed. She was then commanded to strip naked which she flatly refused to do. I then produced a canister of mace and gave her ninety seconds to strip before I sprayed the substance into the cell. Not surprisingly this induced compliance, and she was quickly in her birthday suit, her clothes placed in a pile on the floor.

To punish her for her insolence I cuffed her hands in front of her, to the cell door. This assured she would be forced to stand and would be more accessible for any inspection of her anatomy that I desired. Since Kristen was due to arrive within the hour I left the bitch alone in the holding cell but did insert a bondage DVD into the player, which she was able to see and hear from the cell.

My next task was to check the mail, and it brought more bad news. The IRS was seeking $3000.00 in back taxes from me. I was confident if I retained the right attorney I would prevail, but it would cost more than the back taxes being sought.

Still awaiting Kristens arrival I received a surprising call from Newhart, the Professor of Psychiatry at the local medical school, and one of the few males I was ever attracted to in a non bondage relationship. In addition he generously prescribes certain medications for me, that would have otherwise be difficult to obtain.

Newhart sounded dejected and the reason was clear. Long accustomed to seducing attractive women, lately he had met with rejection and was on the verge of desperation for sex. I mentioned that I had a new sex slave, who needed an audition and he was welcome to have his way with her.

After some hesitation he agreed, normally he wasnt into  bondage sex but this would be an exception. The only proviso was that to avoid identification either Newhart had to wear a mask, or the bitch would be blindfolded. As expected Newhart chose the option of wearing a mask. It was agreed that the session would take place the following day, Sunday afternoon, and the bitch would be collar chained to the upstairs guest bed.

It was now 3:30PM and Kristen had yet to arrive. She was well aware of my high expectations for punctuality, yet she had not called to offer any explanation for her absence. Had she been involved in an accident, arrested again?, these questions came to mind.

I was still undecided as to how to discipline Kristen. Imposing excessive punishment upon her might prompt her to offer incriminating testimony against the bar. Even though I wouldnt be criminally liable, the SLA would move swiftly to revoke my liquor license and thus my livelihood. I continued to ponder my quandary as I fumed over Kristens absence.

Finally, at 3:45PM Kristen pulled into the driveway and walked to the door, where I was waiting to greet her with folded arms and a very mean look. It was readily apparent she was inebriated! The insolent wench is well aware of my disdain for inebriated submissives, as well as punctuality. My patience was about to be taxed to the utmost.

To further exacerbate my anger Kristen was shabbily attired in jeans and a loose fitting gray sweatshirt, her hair was mused, and she was poorly made up. Combined with her unsteady balance and slurred speech, she had successfully incurred my temporary wrath, and was a poor candidate for a serious discussion of the matter at hand.

My rule for inebriated submissives is they are placed in uncomfortable restraint until they sober up, which in this case could be three or four hours. Ordinarily she would be taken to the basement and strung up on the overhead, but I wasnt about to let her be aware of the bitch confined in the holding cell.

Instead I led her by the arm to the guest bedroom, fully clothed I cuffed her hands behind her to the head board and made her kneel, facing the foot of the bed. Her ankles were also cuffed to the head board, leaving her uncomfortably bent backwards, much like the hitchhiker bitch in the van. I didnt bother gagging her due to her inebriation, and besides that she knew enough not to speak without permission.

I then went to the computer room, from where I would be able to monitor both captives periodically via the CCTV. Due to the sensitive content of many of my IMs and Emails, I recently installed an encryption system. One of the computers linked to this system is the personal computer of Joe, the leather goods store owner.

As Joe was online I couldnt resist the temptation to inquire as to the fate of Juan. Joes assessment was that he was incorrigible, and showed no signs of withering his defiance after having been subjected to forced anal sex as well as severe whipping. Attempts to force oral sex upon him had been unsuccessful, as he repeatedly dislodged the dental gag used to force the mouth open.

In Joes opinion it was necessary send him north, which I took to mean that he would be joining Kevin at the cult compound somewhere in the Adirondack region. If Juan were released he would likely seek violent revenge against any staff he found upon the boarding school premises. Even though he wasnt aware of my identity, I agreed with Joe that enslavement was necessary.

As expected Joe didnt provide any further details, Juan was now the third person to be forcibly enslaved in a short  period of time, the others being Lori and her scumbag boyfriend, Kevin. Fortunately all three were lowlife types, and none would be missed.

END PART 54

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 55&#9;
By Long Tall Mary

As I waited for Kristen to sober up my thoughts turned to Kelly, my captive hitchhiker. Perhaps I had been too harsh in my assessment of her. My contempt for male subs is visceral, but in the case of females it is very individualized.
Referring to me as bitch for example will certainly incur my wrath, and more than one sub has learned that the hard way.

Overall my feelings for a particular female sub are influenced by her willingness to submit to my domination without question, but the issue is complex and highly subjective. It can not easily be articulated. I do tend to be more cruel than most dominatrix when it comes to imposing punishment on subs, yet none has ever suffered any permanent injury. Safety has always been of paramount concern, I dont want any of my subs hospitalized or worse.

In the case of Kelly, her reluctance to accept my offer to serve as maid probably stemmed from fear, rather than any intrinsic rejection of me personally. After all I had just told her I was a dominatrix, and one can understand this reaction from a 19 year old, immediately after accepting a ride from one. I decided to attempt a softer approach with her, but a couple of hours standing cuffed to the cell door, would put her in a state of mind more receptive to cooperation.

While waiting for Kristen to sober up, I called Noreen at the academy for an assessment of the situation there. She reported that Andrea had physically resisted being placed in the cage, but with assistance from the two academy staffers it was accomplished without great difficulty. Much to my relief, Noreen reported that the two academy staffers were cooperating fully with the discipline program and quite diligently.

I spent the next hour or so doing various tasks on the Internet, including one of my regular AOL chat rooms. My thoughts continued to be occupied with Kristen. Ideally she would leave town and never return but that wasnt likely to happen. For me to arrange for her disappearance would be extremely risky, I had already done that with Lori, Kevin and Juan, and still feared that someday it would come back to haunt me.

My natural reaction was to inflict severe corporal punishment upon Kristen for her indiscretions but that simply wasnt a practical option in this case. The best I could hope for was that Kristen wouldnt volunteer any testimony against my bar, in exchange for leniency. 

All things considered I was constrained from subjecting her to any real torture, but she would remain handcuffed to the bed until she was sober. Another concern entered my mind, were the drug deliveries made when I was at the bar? If not that would indicate laxity by Patti, my manager, and I would have to deal with that. Id just have to wait another hour or so until my interrogation of Kristen began.

My thoughts turned again to Kelly. Perhaps I had acted impulsively by taking her captive, I really wasnt prepared to train an unwilling slave, as this could take weeks and would require someone to be constantly present at my home. It is not easy to find someone willing to guard slaves confined in my holding cell, Ive been that route before.

I had been able to find a home for Lori with the lesbian biker gang. Eventually she became a willing member of the gang and abandoned her interest in Kevin, who was acquired by the Adirondack based cult. Since I havent recently had any reports on Kevins status, I assume he is being held unwillingly. That is fine with me and I hope that the same results with Juan. I have no doubt that both of them would attempt to retaliate against me if they had the opportunity.

Had it not been for Lori being acquired by the biker gang, I seriously would have considered the same fate for Kristen. One factor that Lori, Kevin and Kristen share is that they all have criminal charges pending against them, and their disappearance under those circumstances hadnt prompted any great concern, Im confident the same would be true of Kristen.

After deciding that Kristen had sufficient time to sober up, I removed her restraints and led her, fully clothed into the living room. Without being prompted she assumed a kneeling position on the floor in front of the couch, her hands laced behind her hand. She had indeed learned well from her previous discipline session with me. I had her sit next to me on the couch and requested a full explanation of the drug charges.

Kristen conceded she was a habitual coke user, which I found surprising as she did not exhibit the traits which I usually observe amongst such users. Her use had preceded  employment as my waitress. She had recently changed suppliers, her previous supplier lived within walking distance of her apartment and she made the buys by walking there.

On the three occasions she had ordered by cell phone from my bar, the supplier drove his car down the alley to the back door and Kristen would step out momentarily and take possession of the goods. Patti although aware of this activity had never questioned it, nor reported it to me.

Kristens downfall was ordering by telephone, since the pushers phone was tapped, the calls were easily traced to Kristen. She was not aware if any of the buys had been caught on videotape. Since she wasnt scheduled to meet with her attorney until next week, it would be a few days before she learned the answer.

She appeared to be sincere in her answers and in exhibiting remorse for jeopardizing my liquor license. This was coupled with the painful reality that the going rate for legal fees in this type of case was $2000.00, and that she wasnt eligible for a public defender. Added to that was the likelihood that she would likely receive probation and compelled to spend more money for some rehab program.

I did my best to be supportive although it was difficult to conceal my anger over her indiscretions. My initial intent had been to subject her to a severe torture session, but having decided it would be counterproductive. I would wait and see what the ramifications, if any, would be to my liquor license.

Kristen was permitted to continue working for me, but I gave her a stern warning that any future drug activity at work would result in her termination, as well as a forced discipline session, that would make any of the legal consequences look minor by comparison.

In addition I gave her five hundred dollars in cash to be used for her legal expenses. Im not so wealthy that I can afford to be so charitable often, but in this case I had to avoid antagonizing Kristen until the court case was resolved. For the same reason I refrained from making any sexual advances towards her, and satisfied with her sobriety she was permitted to leave after spending less than three hours with me. 

After Kristens departure, I intended to deal with Kelly in the basement holding cell, but before I could I received a cell phone call that was to greatly impact Kelly. The call was from Felicia Porter, my long time staff dominatrix, and occasional sex toy. Felicia had just finished her most recent prison stint at Jamesville, and had been released after maxing out, meaning she wasnt on parole or probation. She was desperate for temporary lodging and fit perfectly into my plans.

In the past Felicia had served as a dungeon monitor when I was away from home and on the whole her performance was adequate. I have had numerous disagreements with Felicia over the years, but she is a competent dominatrix with rather strong submissive leanings, fortunately she has been able to separate the two and her effectiveness as a dominatrix has not been compromised. 

Felicia was essentially a homeless person with no clothes, other than prison release attire, no money and no vehicle. I invited her to my home for an interview, and she arrived about 45 minutes later, dropped off by some elderly lady, who had been a prison volunteer.

Nearly forty years old, Felicia was looking haggard and had gained at least 15 pounds standing 54 at about 155 pounds, she looked out of place wearing only a cheap dress, and not her customary miniskirt and tight sweater. The first thing I did was to contact Lorraine, my dominatrix/nurse friend and sometime associate who lives close by. My request was that she take Felicia to the Carousel Center and supervise the purchase of $500.00 worth of clothing for Felicia. I entrusted Lorraine with the cash for fear Felicia might be tempted to spend it on grass.

Felicia is an inveterate grass user but I laid down the rule firmly, no grass or any other illicit drug, was to be used or possessed at my home. She would be permitted to consume liquor at my home, I should add, my liquor, as long as she was not inebriated when dealing with a sub. The shopping trip went smoothly and upon returning Felicia was once again attired in a black miniskirt and tight red sweater, coupled with fashionable heels.

Other rules had to be imposed upon Felicia at the onset. I would provide her with food and lodging at no cost. In return  she would assist with the training of sub Kelly, perform various household duties and pay sexual tribute to myself, whenever requested. She was to have no contact with her former dominatrix partner, Mary Jo, whom is the most despicable dominatrix Ive ever known. In addition she would provide me with any information as to Mary Jos whereabouts, currently unknown, this would enable me to extract long due revenge upon her for past slights.

In addition Felicia was to engage in no type of bondage activity with another client without my knowledge and consent. One of Felicias favorite schemes was so called financial domination, whereby a submissive, often cross dressed, is led about a shopping mall on a collar and leash, making payment for the session by buying gifts, such as jewelry and clothing from mall stores, for the dominatrix. Syracuse area malls wont tolerate the practice of public leashing ,and Felicias most recent prison term resulted from assaulting a mall security guard, who was attempting to stop her from so doing.

Kelly reacted with dismay when I introduced Felicia to her and indicated she would be her assistant trainer. By this time Kelly had been cuffed to the cell door nearly four hours and was physically tired as well as anxious from the isolation. Her only human contact had been two brief visual inspections I made and she had not been permitted to speak either time.

My plans for Kelly were to train her to the point where she would be a willing sex slave and could be used for various types of situations. Since she was essentially submissive, I do have a number of requests for female submissives and with proper training, Kelly should prove adequate in that role.

After completion of her basic training I would arrange lodging and some type of menial employment for her. The hardest part of training Kelly would to be force her to accept bi-sexual encounters, she was clearly of heterosexual orientation in my opinion.

Fear is a necessary element of motivating such trainees, so it was predictable I would play upon the theme that if Kellys training progress was insufficient, she would be sold to a gang of foreign slavers. I even went so far as to 
simulate a phone conversation with a buyer for an Arab slave group.

Previously I had used Khalid, a Saudi Arabian student attending college on a visa. He had played the role of slave trader perfectly, complete with robe, turban, and Islamic chanting. The two slaves were more terrified than I have ever seen in my career. Regrettably his visa was revoked for unspecified reasons and he left the country. Although the number of phone calls I had with him with minimal, I continually worry that my phone number is on the NSA watch list.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Being the tobacco road trash that she is her absence was unlikely to be missed by any of her friends in the Cortland area, it would be assumed she was on the lam for assaulting her lovers girl friend. Kelly admitted that her girl friend in North Syracuse was not expecting her, and I had no intention of permitting Kelly to communicate with her.

Kelly did not appear happy as all this was explained to her. She was probably listed by now as a missing person by her boyfriend, that way if she turned up somewhere the victim of foul play, it would make the boyfriend less suspect.

I listened briefly to Kellys story. She was strongly in love with her boyfriend, and desperately wanted to get married and have children. Her financial support was limited to SSI and was barely sufficient to pay the rent on a ramshackle dwelling. Her boyfriend clearly exploited, her living there rent free, after work he would stop for several hours of drinking, by the time he arrived home he was intoxicated and not often in the mood for sex.

 In addition he had sexual interests in several other females, and was known to leave his watering hole for some sex before returning to Kellys place. She had caught him with one of these females in her bedroom, and beat the bitch so badly she was hospitalized. 

To make Kellys training a little more bearable I informed her that she would be serving Newhart, the next day. Newhart is well hung and Ive heard that more than one younger wench was quite satisfied with his sexual performance. But first, Kelly would have to undergo basic sub training.

Since Felicia had spent much of her time at Jamesville in solitary confinement, she had been deprived of much of the inmate sex that typically occurs, so I let her take the lead with Kelly. She was removed from the cell and attached to the overhead posts. Felicia explored her vaginal and anal anatomy using latex gloves, in none too gentle of a manner, before commencing with whipping.

Kelly was uncharacteristically silent but new subs are always gagged and she was no exception. I used one of my cock gags, chuckling that she needed practice with the cock to satisfy Newharts oral sex desires the next day. Felicia seemed to relish every lash she inflicted with the flogger, and Kellys boobs, ass, and back were quickly covered with red welts. She had not yet begun her enunciation training.

I quickly noticed that Kelly had a rather low pain tolerance and was fast approaching her max. It almost seemed like Felicia was trying to compensate for the months of incarceration, where of course she had no opportunity to whip anyone. Felicia was ordered to stop the whipping.

Kelly would spend the rest of the night locked in one of my two cages. Her gag was removed and she was otherwise unrestrained but I did padlock a thick black leather training collar around her neck, she would wear this for the duration of her training period.

After offering a few words of encouragement for Kelly, Felicia and I headed for my living room, where Felicia would provide her sexual tribute to me.

END PART 55

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 
O

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 56
By Long Tall Mary

Kelly was already awake when I went to check on her in the morning. She was allowed out of her cage only long enough to use the toilet facilities, her breakfast consisted of a can of liquid protein glob, which she was allowed to consume after being again locked in the cage.

Newhart had rescheduled his visit from 2:00 in the afternoon until 8:00 in the evening. This gave Felicia and I more time to prep Kelly, as well as to enjoy the afternoon NFL football. Leaving Kelly for the time being, I returned upstairs and had breakfast with Felicia.

About 9:00AM Felicia and I returned to the basement to continue with Kellys training. After removing her from the cage she was spread eagled on the dungeon bed with leather cuffs, to permit shaving. Subs will sometimes resist when lather is applied to their triangle and they realize that a shaved pussy is imminent. Due to my problem with hand tremors I let Felicia do the shaving and in short order her pussy was bare.

The next step was cutting Kellys shoulder length brown hair and when she realized this was our intent she protested quite vocally. A vicious crop lash to her freshly shaven snatch demonstrated the consequences of speaking without permission, that rule previously having been made known to her. I did the barbering work myself, and Kellys hair was just short of a fully shaved head. For effect I held a mirror so she could see the fruits of my barbering.

To present a bare headed wench to Newhart for sexual use was unthinkable, let alone that I find such a style to lack any appeal. I always keep a supply of wigs on hand, mostly for cross dressers, and selected a whorish looking blond wig for Kelly to wear. Felicia would do a make up job on Kelly later in the day.

Slaves must be taught to walk in heels so I selected a 5 pair for Kelly and fitted them myself. She was then released from the bed and for nearly twenty minutes I made her walk about the dungeon. I have to admit she was a rather slow learner, and she took four good lashes from my flogger to motivate her to walk correctly, or at least in a rudimentary manner.

Kelly would have looked appealing with appropriate lingerie coupled with heels, but I have a long standing rule that only nudity is permitted in the dungeon under ordinary circumstances. She would be allowed to wear the heels but nothing else, and would be collar chained to the bed in the upstairs guest room for her tryst with Newhart.

While most of my clientele are not dominants using unwilling submissives, as with Newhart, I feel strongly they are entitled to a high standard of performance from my subs, even in this case where it would be unthinkable to charge Newhart a session fee. Of particular concern is the tendency of novice subs to use improper technique while performing fellatio, specifically the teeth coming into contact with the cock. While I could have used a Whitehead on Kelly, I knew this would not be to Newharts liking. It was important that Kelly be trained in proper oral technique in a short period of time.

The method I chose was to use a plastic dildo, repeatedly inserting it by hand into Kellys mouth, for nearly thirty minutes. If her teeth made any contact with she would receive a lash. As with the heels she proved to be a slow learner, and several motivating lashes were required.

Due to the rather intense lashing Kelly had received the previous evening, I decided to refrain from any further flagellation until after Newharts visit. In addition she had yet to be exposed to anal and oral sex with another female, this too would have to wait. Satisfied that Kelly would be presentable to Newhart, I allowed her the relative comfort of waiting in the holding cell.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
With the Syracuse Orange football season concluded, my favorite Sunday athletic event to view was the New York Giants. With Kelly comfortably ensconced in the basement cell, Felicia knew the position required to service me as I sat on the couch to view the game.

My favorite is to hike my dress after tying a belt around my waist, the sub kneeling, with hands bound behind, has a leash connected to the loop on his/her collar and to my waist belt, forcing their face within centimeters of my crotch. They continue tonguing until told to stop, any slack in intensity brings a flogger stroke and they may be required to tongue my asshole.

Felicia, despite her announced distaste for submissive anal and oral play, always manages to commit some transgression that results in her being forced to do so, today I spared her the pretense and simply ordered her to do so. Felicias oral technique was especially pleasurable today as it was coupled with the Giants blowing out their opposition.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
By late Sunday afternoon I had obtained a copy of the Cortland paper which featured Kellys picture on the front page. She was officially described as a fugitive as opposed to a runaway, the bitch she had assaulted was still hospitalized. This news article would prove to be a valuable psychological strategy in breaking Kellys will.

Predictably Kelly was distraught when I showed her the news article, At this time I broached a proposition which had been percolating in my mind, for the greater part of the day. Many females have found employment in the bondage modeling industry, with the highest concentration in California. A few were paid lucrative wages, the majority  far less so.

Kelly had a tight ass, muscular legs, and overall good looks, but was lacking in breast development. Even with this handicap she could probably subsist on the West Coast, especially if the producer provided lodging, as they sometimes do. It wouldnt be that difficult to arrange for Kelly to be flown or driven to California, it would be voluntary and she wouldnt be in restraints.

Her reaction to this was less than enthusiastic, but she didnt reject it outright. I continued to play on her emotions by emphasizing that she faced certain imprisonment if arrested, and that her chances for material prosperity were far greater in California than locally. 

To emphasize another alternative I put a DVD into the player, where she could here and see it from her cell. It featured the story of an American beauty abducted, and consigned to the harem of some Arabian sheik. Newhart was not due to arrive for nearly two hours, so Kelly was left alone in her cell, the DVD would run for another seventy minutes.

About one half hour before Newharts scheduled arrival, Felicia and myself took Kelly, nude, collared, wearing her wig, made up and in her heels, upstairs to the guest bedroom. Using leather cuffs she was spread eagled on her back upon the bed, the cuffs were not padlocked, so Newhart could adjust them for better accessibility as he saw fit.

Newhart, punctual to a fault, arrived precisely at 8:00PM, dapper dressed as customary. I could tell he was troubled by the prospect of having sex with a sub being held against her will, and he snubbed Felicia, with whom he has had past problems. I assured Newhart that any complaints concerning Kellys performance should be brought to my attention and she would be severely punished. Knowing the benevolent nature of Newhart, I considered this unlikely.

My CCTV has the capability of monitoring both audio and visual in the guest bedroom, but out of respect for Newhart I wouldnt use the video. However I couldnt resist the temptation to use the audio. As previously agreed Newhart would wear a ski mask while engaging in sex with Kelly, this is quite a popular male fantasy and invariably adds to the distress of the sub.

 Newhart, ever accommodating, whipped out his prescription pad and asked need any scripts?. I mentioned one that I did and in seconds the completed piece of paper was in my hand. Anything for me doc?, twirped Felicia. I dont tolerate such disrespect for my guests and I assured Newhart that Felicia would be severely punished for her impudent remark.

As Newhart was undressing in another room I dragged Felicia into the living room and arranged her in the most restrictive hogtie I could devise, coupled with a full face harness and gag. She would learn a lesson she would not soon forget, as to the proper respect due my guests.

Wearing his ski mask, I accompanied Newhart into the guest bedroom where Kelly lie naked, except for heels, on the bed. A chain connected from the headboard to her collar provided about six feet of movement, ample for the tasks at  hand. I firmly warned her that she was to serve Newhart in any way requested, and should I learn of any disobedience or dissatisfaction, she would sorely regret it.

Newhart spent about forty five minutes having his way with Kelly. Based upon my audio monitoring of the CCTV it appears he engaged in straight oral and coital sex, with no torture. Kelly was not gagged and there was no doubt that she was experiencing real orgasms.

When Newhart emerged from the bedroom, he thanked me profusely for arranging this encounter, and expressed the hope Kelly might be kept locally. I explained to him her fugitive status and how it would be in her best interests to relocate to another part of the country. Ever helpful he provided me with some prescription drugs which could be used to make Kelly more manageable, should the need arise.

Newhart couldnt avoid seeing Felicia hogtied and gagged on the living room couch. I dont have any meds for such a pathological creature as her, she should be kept in constant restraint was all he had to say to Felicia. Perhaps some mentholated gel up her anal track he threw in as an afterthought.  

For the next half hour or so, Newhart and I sat on the couch after I placed Felicia on the floor, nothing sexual just reminiscing about past affairs. Even for a hardened pain slut such as Felicia, her restraint was extremely painful. I had a rope tied around her neck which was then attached to where her wrists and ankles were bound behind her. This is a dangerous position, significant movement by the sub can easily result in asphyxiation but the sub learns quickly not to move 

To further add to her agony I had inserted my most painful anal device into her and a tight crotch rope assured it would stay in place, as well as being quite painful to the crotch. A pair of my soiled panties stuffed into her mouth kept her silent. Poor Felicia had all she could do avoid movement or making noise, every effort must to made to breath through the nose.

Newhart while obviously enjoying the sight of the restrained Felicia, pretended to ignore her while we discussed various topics. Overall Newhart is a very benevolent character, but something about Felicia ignites his repressed sadistic desires.

&nbsp;
Newhart expressed his affection for Kelly and his wish to have another encounter with her. I assured him that I would make every attempt to do so, but ideally she would be sold and transported within two weeks. I could tell Newhart had visions of her acquiring of her as his own sex slave, something I would simply not allow to happen.

Upon Newharts departure I checked on Kelly, despite the trauma of her captivity she appeared to in relatively good spirits. In cases like this it is important to offer some positive reinforcement to the sub. First I commented on how whorishly appealing she looked with her pussy shaved and her wig, I then informed her that Newhart was quite pleased with her performance. As a reward she would be allowed to sleep in the guest bedroom overnight but she would remain chained to the headboard. 

I would wait until tomorrow to begin her intensive training regimen. This would include the customary pain and forced sex but more importantly she had to be taught to present acceptable poses in various restraint positions, after all her future was as a bondage model.

In the meantime I freed Felicia from her restrictive hogtie and marched her into the second guest bedroom. She would spend the night collar chained to the headboard, in the same manner as Kelly. Felicias anal intruder and crotch tie would remain in place.

Felicia, despite her dominatrix prowess, has deep rooted masochistic desires which she manifests whenever she desires discipline. Ive found that that these desires become manifest only when I am present, evidently I am the only dominatrix she trusts to meet her needs. It is extremely humiliating for her to be punished in the presence of another dom or sub, especially one such as Newhart with his reputed erectogenic capabilities and financial wealth, one Felicia would desperately like to cultivate as a client.

With Felicia and Kelly both secure for the night it gave me plenty of time to arrange for a buyer for Kelly. This undertaking would not be easy, but Mistress Mary Cusimano, invariably prevails in these matters.

END PART 56

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY PART 57
By Long Tall Mary

It was beginning to seem that my objective of relocating Kelly, to California, was an exercise in futility. My initial field of contacts had little to offer. Finally I was able to make contact with Vince, a native of Utica and a long time veteran of the California bondage scene. He had served as a guest trainer for me in the past and his integrity and competence were beyond question.

Fortunately I called at just the right time Vince was in Utica only until Tuesday, at which time he would be returning to California. He agreed to visit my home early Monday afternoon and give me his assessment of Kelly. I forewarned him that Kelly was freshly abducted, and we had accomplished little in the way of training.

After a fair nights sleep, I arose at 7:00 and after releasing Felicia from her restraints, we ate breakfast together. She was then given a list of household chores to perform that would occupy her for most of the day. Im meticulous about the appearance of my house but have an aversion to doing any of the work myself. Considering that Felicia was not being charged any room and board, it was only fitting that she perform some useful labor.

Kelly was already awake when I entered the bedroom. After feeding, she was unchained briefly to permit her to use the bathroom. The chain was replaced with a leash attached to her collar and I made her crawl on her hands and knees to the basement door, she was then walked down to the dungeon for the start of her training. She had slept with her heels on, a special mini padlock made it impossible for her to remove them. Felicia was surely peeved, as she would be toiling upstairs and not permitted to observe or participate in any of the training.

First off I reiterated the basic dungeon protocol for Kelly, she was to address me as Mistress and not speak without permission. Using a set of red and white, candy cane style ropes I arranged her in a rigid hogtie complete with a crotch loop. She was required to maintain this position for thirty minutes but was free to attempt to escape, to motivate her to struggle vigorously I threatened the use of the crop. A tight fitting ball gag assured that any speech would be unintelligible.

 After about two minutes of struggling to escape, she realized its futility and evidently believed she was free to remain passive for the remainder of the period. It took several stinging crop lashes to motivate her to continue her struggles, indeed I was becoming concerned that she was either a slow learner, or simply enjoyed being whipped.

I had intended to permit her to rest in the comfort of the holding cell until Vinces  arrival, but as punishment for her lackadaisical attitude I attached her with leather cuffs to the overhead in an X manner, with her legs spread uncomfortably and attached to floor bolts about three feet apart, the five inch heels made the forced standing even more unbearable.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Returning upstairs, much to my surprise, I found Felicia toiling away diligently on her hands and knees scrubbing the floor. At her current rate, she would be finished much earlier than expected. As I had to be at my bar by 4:00 in the afternoon, that meant Felicia would be home alone monitoring Kelly, who would be confined to the holding cell. Felicia understood the rules: no visitors, no physical contact with the slave, and no computer use. Felicia has an insatiable appetite for pornography, and was permitted to use my vast BDSM collection and to imbibe from my liquor cabinet. I knew she would be happily occupied until my return later in the evening, as well as inebriated.

  I then placed a call to Headmistress Cecilia at the academy for an update on the situation there. Much to their surprise, all of the cadets had been forced to taken urine tests for drugs earlier in the day, but the results wouldnt be available until the next day. I was confident that all but one or two of the cadets would fail, and thus be on confinement for the upcoming weekend. Cecilias description of Andrea walking about the academy, with the ball and chain dragging on the ground, caused me to be overcome with giddiness.

No sooner had I finished speaking with Cecilia, when Vince called and asked if he could make his visit in about thirty minutes. This was agreeable, and to torment Felicia I placed her in a rigid hogtie on the living room floor. She is always humiliated when a visiting trainer sees her in restraint, like so many of my guest trainers Vince regards her with contempt and would be pleased to see her hogtied in her maids uniform and silenced by a ball gag attached to a face harness.

Vince arrived on schedule and after exchanging pleasantries, he donned his leather hood before going to the basement. In this case I didnt require that he be covered but Vince prefers the hood for its erotic effect. He ignored Felicia, other than to make a few disparaging remarks about her and wishing her ill well for the near future.

The appearance of a masked man visibly added to the distress, which Kelly was already experiencing. Vince painfully twisted her nipples and finger fucked her, as he spent several minutes assessing her anatomy. Ever been ass fucked bitch? he asked, as he attached a clamp to her clit. She shook her head, as the clamp caused excruciating pain to radiate throughout her body.

He stepped behind her and removed his jeans, his super sized cock fully erect and ready for action. Vince has performed in numerous porn flicks and superb erectogenic capabilities are obviously requisite for such work. While few male cocks ever penetrate my ports, Ive fantasized that if I had just one to do so, it would be Vince.

Vince stood in front of Kelly, no doubt to impress her with his anatomy, then after applying some lubricant commenced thrusting, continuing for nearly four minutes. Vince shares my preference for slaves being gagged while they are fucked, so I was treated to the delight of the erotic moans of an anal virgin.

At the end of the four minute period Vince abruptly withdrew, his only remarks were I think that the bitch has had enough sex for one day and motioned for me to follow him upstairs. I was profoundly disappointed as Vince ordinarily subjects his slaves to a combination of flogging, oral, coital and anal sex. It was my distinct impression that he was less than enthused with Kellys potential.

Upstairs I detected an air of impatience and indifference, that appeared to preclude Kellys west coast employment. The bitch has no boobs, and frankly doesnt have an acceptable figure for bondage modeling. I disagreed strenuously with him, his response was non-committal, he would let me know within two weeks if a buyer were available. In the meantime he chortled I would try to strike a deal with an Arab Sheik.

I had no intention of selling Kelly to an overseas buyer, in the worse case scenario she would be transformed into a willing personal house slave. Vince wasted no time departing, the despicable ingrate had been the beneficiary of my generosity on several occasions in the past, and this was my reward.

After releasing Felicia from her restraints we returned to the basement, where Kelly was taken down from the overhead and placed in the holding cell. I pretended that the prospects were good that we would find a job for her in California and implied that her placement would be expedited, if she showed continued progress with her training, especially the lesbian sex portion.

For now it was time to leave for the bar. Felicia was instructed Kelly was not to leave the holding cell for any reason, and that she would be subjected to continuous and diverse music. This would include, gospel, country, punk rock, etc. I recently had XM radio installed in the house. with the capability of piping it to any room in the house. In addition Kelly would be shown the most violent BDSM videos in my collection.

Upon arriving at my bar I knew immediately it would be a turbulent day. Sitting at the bar was one of the persons who have been banned from my bar. Currently fifteen males and ten females are on this list, and they are well known to Patti and Kristen, in addition to being posted at the entrance. Yet a slovenly, 40ish jerk named Gil, was sitting at the bar with a drink in front of him.

He had been banned only one month prior, for loud and boisterous conduct, rudely hitting on female customers, and just being an all around jerk. My banned list is permanent, no one has ever been rescinded, but considering the number of years Ive been in business, the fact that only twenty five persons are on the list reflects favorably on the caliber of my clientele, at least to my way of thinking.

I would discipline Patti later for her blatant disregard of the rules, but first priority was getting rid of the jerk. The last unwelcome patron I had handcuffed to the bar rail and pulled down his pants, and this resulted in a State Liquor Authority hearing. I couldnt afford another one. Due to Gils size I was unable to physically evict him myself.

My sadistic imagination is never at a stand still. The jerk got up to go to the mens room, it just so happened that the bar stool he had been sitting on was due to be replaced within the week. I took the opportunity to obtain a container of super glue, the gel portion which I was able to conceal on the seat of the stool. There were about ten customers present and I doubt if any of them realized my scheme.

I waited for above five minutes after Gil sat down upon returning from the mens room. At that point I confronted him and demanded to know why he was violating my order banning him. Just let me finish this drink babe and then Ill be on my way. Since his mixed drink was full I took it and poured it on his head, provoking a truculent reaction. Well, it would have been truculent as he attempted to lunge at me, only to have his pants cling to the seat.

Kristen and Patti were summoned to assist me. It seems like he is stuck to the chair I announced, straining to avoid laughing. I instructed the jerk to hang on to the bar rail while Kristen and Patti tried to pull the chair off him. They succeeded in very short time leaving a gaping hole in the seat of his pants. All of the customers burst out laughing.

Gil was ready to do violence to me, but I brandished the Raptor before him. One move asshole and youre going to get a jolt that will knock you out, now get the fuck out of my bar and dont ever return. Gil chose reason over valor and headed onto West Fayette Street. Traffic was heavy at the moment and Im certain his clothing defect was noticed by more the one person. Mistress Mary Cusimano invariably prevails, and to celebrate I bought a round of drink for all the customers.

The hilarity quickly subsided and I motioned Patti into my office, and demanded to know why the jerk had been served. Patti tried to pawn it off on Kristen, but I wasnt buying it, Patti as manager should have interceded immediately.

I gave Patti a choice of six cane strokes inflicted immediately in the office or a disciplinary session at my home the next morning. Begrudgingly, but not surprisingly, Patti chose the first option and dutifully bared her ass and assumed the proper position, bracing herself with her hands on the desk. I assured her that Kristen would receive the same punishment, but I neglected to say it would be at a future date.

Using the rattan, which I keep locked in my office closet, I proceeded to inflict the first stroke. I then took my time, first walking to the other side of the desk, so Patti could see the smile on my face. The remaining five strokes were imposed at irregular intervals, greatly increasing the torment of the recipient. Patti was near tears, and red welts covered her buttocks, I had done my job well.

One might question the wisdom of inflicting such severe pain on an employee immediately, when she has nearly eight more hours to work. It doesnt trouble me in the least and besides Patti had opted for the lesser of two evils, a disciplinary session at my home dungeon would have lasted at least two hours and been far more painful. I generously permitted her to take a fifteen minute break before returning to work.

The rest of the evening at the bar was uneventful and I arrived home just at the stroke of midnight. I was greeted by Felicia, whom had gotten up from the couch where she was watching a porn video, and as would be expected, quite inebriated. She assured me that there had been no problems with Kelly under her watch.

I decided to allow Kelly the pleasure of having an anal plug inserted as well as a one speed buzzing vibrator for her twat. These were held in place by a leather chastity device consisting of one belt encircling the waist and the other looped underneath the crotch and padlocked to the waist belt. Kelly was simply too worn out to protest the chastity application, which I performed inside the cell with Felicia standing nearby and ready to assist.

Im quite unpredictable about the use of chastity devices upon my subs, many of the subs enjoy them and many detest them. The trick of course is to predict which sub falls into the later category, and intuitively I knew that Kelly did. Many long term sub breeders require their slaves to wear the devices for extended training periods, such periods may well last several weeks. Suffice to say that much disagreement exists amongst trainers as to the value of this modality.
 
I have an even more secure chastity device, one that which is absolutely escape proof. It is generally used on subs who are not confined continuously at my dungeon, as an example a sub who is a business executive may wear one at the office all day. 

Kellys device was less escape resistant but desperate subs are capable of surprising accomplishments. Tonight Kelly would sleep in the guest bedroom with the collar chain connected to the headboard. With her hands free it was not inconceivable she could remove the intruders, but I let it be known that if either the intruders or other devices were in any way removed, the punishment would be excruciating.

After tucking Kelly in bed for the night, Felicia and I went to our respective bedrooms to get some sleep. It had been a long, frustrating day and I could only wonder what the new day would bring.
END PART 57

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 58
By Long Tall Mary

Upon awakening I had intended to begin the lesbian portion of Kellys training, but my dreams during the night led me to loose interest. I kept dreaming about being tied down and fucked repeatedly by Vinces massive cock. For some reason the dream left me with a desire for normal sex with a male, even though my most vivid recollection was of being forcibly tied down.

The only male I would consider would be Newhart, but in the past he has been inhibited having sex with me, because of his perception of me as a dominatrix. Still, some of my desires are transient, while others dont go away. I had the feeling that the current desire was of the type that wouldnt go away soon.

Felicia and I ate breakfast together in the kitchen, being preoccupied with my own sexual needs, I had little to say. The top priority of Felicia was the afternoon TV soap operas, since I would be at the bar and she would be the dungeon monitor. Porno DVDs were her prime source of enjoyment during the evening hours.

It was Felicias responsibility to feed and clean the slave in the morning, after which the slave would begin the days activities that I had determined. Felicia had been notified earlier that after cleaning, the slave was to be taken to the dungeon and tied down doggy style on a floor board.

Felicia led Kelly on a leash to the basement and I couldnt help notice the slave was improving in her ability to walk in heels, even down the basement steps. She looked gorgeous, naked, the chastity belt strapped tightly in place, with the wig I had chosen for her, and the collar served the purpose of improving her posture, something previously lacking.

Initially I had planned to begin the training by requiring her to tongue my pussy and asshole. Since the intruders in her pussy and asshole were held in place by the chastity belt, I felt the strap on portion of the training could wait. Felicia was quite surprised, and pleasantly so, when I delegated the activities to her, she was to use a flogger if Kelly failed to respond properly.

Felicia used a flogger to administer a few demo lashes, emphasizing that if the quality of her mouth work was inadequate, she could expect far more painful lashes. Kelly had no comment as Felicia pulled a chair in front of her, sat down and pulled Kelly by the hair so that her face was touching Felicias crotch.

You start with my snatch and youll do my asshole later commanded Felicia. Kelly needed no further prompting and commenced with a form of sexual activity, which she most certainly found repugnant. Felicias passionate moaning was right out of a XXX porno flick, but then again it had been a long time since Felicia had been in the role of dominant.

I was largely indifferent to Felicias orgasmic ecstasy as I continued to ponder my own sexual future, combined with Kellys, the bar, and the boarding school. After nearly ten minutes of pussy eating Felicia ordered Kelly to clean her asshole. Despite a look of disgust about her, Kelly adapted to Felicias new position and began burrowing into her asshole. It didnt last more than four minutes before Felicia permitted her to stop.

Thus ended the first of the lesbian portion of Kellys training, I did complement her on the performance and assured her that I was doing everything possible to find an American buyer for her, and I emphasized American. Her vibrator batteries had been changed by Felicia, shortly after wake up and continued to buzz away as she was returned to the holding cell.

I decided to pay a surprise visit to the academy. The drug test results were due in at 4:00PM, and I had sufficient time to arrive in advance. Noreen agreed to drive separately and meet me there. The joy of announcing the drug test results, and meting out  penalties for the offenders would serve as an excellent antidote for my desperation to be fucked by a male.

Noreen and I arrived at the academy simultaneously at 3:30. Headmistress Cecilia immediately came outside to greet us, she appeared quite surprised but I did not detect any bitterness. It seems that Cecilia was just on the verge of calling me to report that one of the cadets was exhibiting symptoms of a psychiatric disorder.

The cadet, of course, was Andrea, she had been subject to enforced silence, hard labor, solitary confinement and ball and chain restraint since my last visit. I immediately suspected she was malingering, hoping to be sent to a hospital.

Every Monday morning a female RN conducts a cursory examination of all the cadets, she or a counterpart is on one hour call at all other times. Andrea had made statements about doing herself in and was currently under direct observation by one of the staff.

In a case like this the academy is obligated to obtain psychiatric evaluation for such a cadet and I quickly suggested a state operated psychiatric facility near Syracuse. The daytime Supervising RN for the youth unit there just happens to be my fellow dominatrix, Lorraine. I contacted her by phone and obtained the necessary authorization, this was agreeable to Cecilia.

While Lorraine would not be on duty when the patient arrived, she would make arrangements with the evening supervisor, that hopefully would assure that the patient would be confined for the absolute minimum period required. Even more important should Andrea start relating tales of abuse at the academy,  they would not be recorded or reported to any agency.

At the time Andrea was seated in the reception room of Cecilias office. She was clad in the school uniform, unrestrained and under the watchful eye of  one of the administrative staff. When Andrea first saw me enter the room, her demeanor became visibly distraught. Playing along with her little game, I assured her that I was sincerely concerned about her welfare and would personally drive her to the Hastings Institute.

The bitch was at a loss for words as I reviewed the chart made out by the examining nurse. It was agreed that she would be transported in my van, I would ride with her in the rear, Noreen would drive, and Cecilia would be in the front seat. A second academy vehicle would meet us at the hospital to transport Noreen and Cecilia back to the academy.

Rules require that patients who might harm themselves, wear restraints while in transport, I said smilingly. Realizing the futility of protest, Andrea stood up and dutifully placed her hands behind her without prompting. For the transport I had brought a special belt, fastened around, the waist, with a leather wrist cuff on each side. This was quickly applied and for good measure I used a second belt to bind her elbows as close together as they would come. This of course has the desirable effect of causing the boobs to be thrust out.

Andrea was then led by the arm out to the van. I had arranged for all the cadets to fall out in formation, outside the administration building, so they could observe her being led out in restraints, and further humiliating Andrea.
If she thought that the humiliation had ceased upon entering the van, she would quickly learn otherwise.

First she learned that she would be sitting next to me on the love seat in the cargo area, for the duration of the trip. Next came more restraints, I had a pair of leather thigh cuffs which required hiking her skirt to attach. These were connected by a six inch rod consisting of a hard piece of black plastic with metal rings pre attached to the cuffs. No one will be able to see these I chortled, as I pulled her long skirt back down. The final touch was a set of leather ankle cuffs with a six inch connector, she indeed would walk with a hobble when being led into the hospital.

As the vehicle exited the academy grounds Andrea broke down and pleaded for mercy. I lied about doing myself in just to get to see a doctor, please give me another chance without solitary and my behavior will be perfect. It sounded as phony as any such plea Id ever heard.

None the less rules are rules and her recantation was insufficient grounds to cancel her evaluation. Very harshly I informed her that if the medical staff made a determination of malingering, she would face severe punishment upon her return to the academy.

Cadets matriculating at age 16 could be confined involuntarily until reaching 18, with the consent of a parent. Andrea who had matriculated at 18, could be  confined involuntarily until reaching 19, irrespective of parental consent. It is a contractual obligation set forth in writing and legally binding, but as a practical matter somewhat flawed. If an 18 year old cadet did abscond, the academy could not hire a bounty hunter to capture her.

 Andrea could have easily absconded during weekend leave, but she would then be in violation of her probation and risk incarceration at a correctional facility. Upon her return to the academy from the hospital, she would most likely be placed in secure custody until she was 19. The academy would in effect serve as a private correctional facility.

Andrea could not resist continuing to plead for leniency and protesting her restraints, You have no legal or moral right to restrain me in this uncomfortable and humiliating manner, and to continue to subject me to inhumane living conditions at the academy. The bitch just never ceases! Such erudite diction mouthed by a street whore, such as Andrea, is especially infuriating. Ive always resented people who use such language, trying to impress others with their intellectual stock.

I think you are in need of some additional sensory deprivation, was my response and in short order a gag was strapped in place on Andrea. It was the type with a hard plastic cylinder with an attached leather strap. The wearer is forced to bite down on the plastic, this assures an open airway but suppresses intelligible speech. Andrea just stared at me with a venomous look, unable to mouth any further protests.

To complete her sensory deprivation, I fitted her with a leather hood, with openings only for the mouth and nostrils, and laced it tightly. Male subs tend to be fond of these hoods but most females are loathe to wear them. Andrea was no exception, she would be hooded for the duration of the trip to the hospital, even though it deprived me of the joy of observing the look of abysmal fear and resentment in her eyes.

For added humiliation I reached my hand inside her skirt and gently rubbed her thighs. It was readily apparent that she was becoming aroused as a result. Only the presence of Cecilia inhibited me from exploring her anatomy more thoroughly. The thought of subjecting her to strap on penetrations, while highly appealing, was not practical due to her restraints and her manner of clothing.

About twenty minutes before our estimated arrival at the hospital, I received a call on the cell from Lorraine who was going off duty but would remain at the hospital and assist in expediting processing of the new patient. She assured me that the on duty staff would be most cooperative.

As we neared the hospital I removed Andreas hood and gag, with a firm warning not to speak without permission. Lorraine was waiting at the rear entrance to the hospital and was attired in her nurse uniform, it was a rather welcome relief from her customary sweat suit.

 We both removed Andrea through the rear door of the van and her attempts to walk, with her thigh and ankle restraints, was hilarious. Even more hilarious, was when upset with the slow pace of her movement, Lorraine ordered her to start hopping. The bitch was forced to hop nearly two hundred feet before reaching the admitting office.

At this point another nurse took over, she was at least fifty years old, blond and as tall as myself, but was a string bean lacking any semblance to my well endowed figure. Her nametag identified her as Bernadette, the charge nurse. Without saying a word she led Andrea into a examining room and closed the door, leaving the two of them in the room alone. I thought she was rather rude but kept my thoughts to myself.

Noreen remained outside with the van, leaving Cecilia, Lorraine and myself to engage in small talk while Nurse Bernadette completed her routine. About three minutes later I heard Bernadettes voice on the public address system calling Doctor Chow to Room 123, which was the examination room being used for Andrea.

About two minutes later the doctor arrived and entered the room, he was a dead ringer for the actor who played the role of coroners assistant in the TV series Quincy. After another ten minutes the doctor, Bernadette and Andrea emerged from the examination room. Andrea had been stripped of her school uniform and in its place was an institutional strait jacket covering her upper body, she was barefoot and wearing panties and stockings. Again with out as much as a word of explanation, Nurse Bernadette led her down the corridor and out of sight.

The doctor was carrying a clipboard which presumably contained notes from the brief examination. He handed the chart to a clerk at the control desk and walked off. Lorraine motioned for Cecilia and I to step behind the control desk, on which a row of  CCTV monitors was mounted. Flicking on one monitor it showed Andrea alone in a windowless cell like room. It was completely covered on the floor, wall and sides with white padded material. Andrea sat forlornly on a mattress on the floor.

Lorraine began with a description of the hospital procedure We used to sedate all new patients and then spread eagle them on a bed with leather cuffs for the night, but some patients rights group threatened a lawsuit. The patient is now straitjacketed and monitored continuously by staff from the control desk, sedation is used only in extreme cases .

Demonstrating the monitoring capabilities Lorraine spoke into the speaker Andrea on your feet and the wench begrudgingly complied, facing the cell monitor. After making her stand for less than one minute she was commanded to sit on the floor.

Tomorrow morning Andrea would undergo a comprehensive mental examination and if found to be an imminent danger to herself or others, she would be involuntarily committed. If she was diagnosed with a condition not meeting those criteria, she would be released to the custody of the academy with recommendations for treatment.

Lorraine assured me that despite the curt manner of Nurse Bernadette, she and other institutional staff were dedicated professionals, and sympathetic to the needs of the academy. They would not disclose any claims of abuse Andrea might make and in all likelihood she would be diagnosed as a malingerer and released early Wednesday afternoon.

After thanking Lorraine for her cooperation, I extended her an invitation to stop at my bar the same evening for a complimentary meal, but she already had made plans. By this time the academy van had arrived, Cecilia and Noreen departed with it.

Before departing the hospital in my own van, I made a call to Felicia at home and she assured that everything was fine with slave Kelly. I then headed downtown to my bar. It had been a busy day and it was time to unwind before returning to Camillus.

END PART 58

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 59
by Long Tall Mary

Upon arriving at my bar I found Patti, my manager, in  a sullen mood. I quickly learned that she was angry that she had been severely caned for permitting the banned customer, but Kristen who was equally responsible had yet to be disciplined.

Upon summoning Patti to my office, she was told bluntly that if her attitude didnt improve she would have a disciplinary session at my home, that would make the  previous caning mild by comparison. I assured her that Kristen would be disciplined, but I was waiting for the court case to be disposed of first. Patti was not accepting of my explanation and demanded that I punish Kristen immediately.

I dont take kindly to subordinates making demands of me, yet I could sympathize with Patti. No sooner did we leave the office than did we find Kristen verbally lambasting one of my regular customers, he had complained about the quality of his food order and she told him basically he was welcome to go elsewhere if not satisfied, as well as making some unflattering comments concerning his paunch.

My negative feelings towards Patti were promptly turned on Kristen. I interceded and had the meal sent back to the kitchen for reheating, then Kristen was ordered to report to my office. After apologizing personally to the customer for her rudeness, I informed him the meal was complimentary and that Patti would wait on him.

Im sorry maam, I lost my temper were the first words out of Kristens mouth as I walked into the office, exhibiting a look of fury. She was given her choice of six rattan strokes, to be inflicted immediately or a home disciplinary session. As with Patti, she opted for the immediate punishment after unsuccessfully pleading for leniency due to menstrual reasons.

The routine was the same as with Patti, she was made to bare her buttocks and bend over with her hands on the desk for support. Her strokes were inflicted slowly, with varying intervals in between. By the time I had finished red welts covered her buttocks and she was in tears.

As further punishment I gave her the evening off without pay, which can be quite expensive on a Monday football night. Kristen had yet to imply that she would somehow jeopardize my liquor license because of her drug activities, but I wasnt going to be inhibited from disciplining her because of any such fear. If she went that route I had other punitive options in mind for her.

One of my part time waitress was called in to work, and I stayed until about 11:00PM before departing for my home.
I was met at the door by Felicia, who was quite inebriated and clad only in bra and panties. Sounds of erotic screams emanated from the living room, Felicia had cranked up the volume on one of the porno DVDs.

I decided Felicia needed to be rewarded for her relatively good behavior to date, so I offered her the opportunity to have Kelly bedded down with her for the night. This is a technique I seldom employ but it served two purposes, pleasuring Felicia and further humiliating Kelly. Felicia readily accepted.

Kelly was brought nude, still wearing her heels, and in handcuffs from the basement holding cell and taken to Felicias bedroom. Bedding down a sub for the night requires expert rope skills, something which Felicia lacks. Kelly was arranged so that she was forced to lie on her left side with her head facing the foot of the bed. Tight ropes assured she would remain on her side for the night. 

Felicia by sleeping with her head facing the headboard could position herself so that Kellys mouth was directly accessible to either Felicias cunt or asshole. Kelly would tongue until commanded to stop and Felicia was given a small cattle prod device and instructed to deliver shocks to Kelly, if she did not perform at the desired intensity.

Predictably Kelly was less than enthusiastic about the arrangement and even less so when I delivered a demo shock to her, it was the first electro shock treatment she had been administered. I took the liberty of watching the performance for a few minutes and Felicia was passionately moaning as Kelly strained to burrow into her cunt with her tongue.

As I attempted to obtain some much needed sleep, I pondered Kellys future. I had hoped to procure a buyer for her by now, but Vinces rejection of her was very perturbing. It is simply not an easy task to procure a buyer in a case like this, and I was beginning to regret having acted impulsively when I first picked her up hitch hiking.

The other option was to train Kelly as my personal slave, to the point where she could be left unattended and unrestrained at home. But this would require weeks of intensive conditioning, and frankly I lack expertise in this area. The vast majority of my submissives are either willing or semi-willing, and their period of confinement in my dungeon has never exceeded one week.

Upon awakening in the morning I was treated to the sight of Kelly still tightly bound and lying on her side, a deeply resentful look about her. I untied her and Felicia attended to cleaning and feeding her. It was my opinion that the relatively comfortable training she had been subjected to so far, had failed to improve her attitude sufficiently. That would quickly change.

 Kelly was then handcuffed to a ceiling hook in the guest bedroom, forcing her to stand uncomfortably, while Felicia and I ate breakfast in the kitchen. She would spend at least three hours in that position. After that she would be returned to the basement holding cell, and again cuffed to the bars, forcing her to stand most of the day.

Shortly after 8:00AM I received a call from Lorraine at he psychiatric center. Andrea would be released about 2:00 in the afternoon. Initial plans were that she would be confined for evaluation until Wednesday but the preliminary results indicated malingering, and early release was warranted.

I immediately called Cecilia with this news, it was agreed that I would pick up Andrea and transport her back to the academy in my van, by myself. My spirits were further improved upon learning that ten of the cadets, including of course Andrea, had failed their drug test. They would all be confined at the academy over the weekend, and from the dominatrix standpoint, the more the merrier.

Upon arriving at the hospital I was met in the lobby by Lorraine, who escorted me to Andreas room. It was an examining room, not the padded cell where she had been confined overnight in a straitjacket. Lorraine informed me that Andrea had been heavily sedated to make her more manageable during transport.

Andrea was sitting on a chair, unrestrained and attired in her academy uniform, when I entered. Despite the obvious effects of the sedation she promptly rose to her feet and a position of attention. Lorraine then left the room, leaving Andrea and I alone.

Andrea made an impassioned plea for leniency. Ordinarily such pleas incense me and I inflict some punishment upon the sub. Yet my mercurial temperament is such, that on rare occasions I decide to give the sub a chance to prove the sincerity of her plea. Such would be the case with Andrea.

 Doing my best to convey the appearance of being charitable, I briefly outlined a number of conditions Andrea would have to satisfy to be treated more leniently. Included amongst these were that she address the cadets in formation, and confess to the error of her ways, in other words verbally trashing herself. At least I had the satisfaction of knowing that the punitive regimen I had formulated for her, was taking a severe toll. 

For the return transport, her restraints would be less severe than for the admissions transport. A leather restraining  belt, with attached leather wrist cuffs was sufficient, the belt was connected to a wall ring, assuring that she would be unable to move from the love seat. No other restraints, gag, or hood were used. She was warned against speaking and I cranked up the music volume on the sound system, so as to avoid having to listen to her pleas.

The trip back to the academy proved uneventful, due to the sedation it appeared Andrea nodded off periodically, in spite of continuous music from the XM 60s channel. When we arrived Cecilia and Noreen promptly emerged from the administration building, and Andrea was walked to the office.

Well Cadet Andrea, what do you have to say for yourself?, I asked. I admit that I malingered and deserve some punishment, but plead with you to spare me from the ball and chain, and not being able to speak with my co-cadets. If you see fit to be lenient with me, I promise that my disciplinary record will be perfect. was her response. Crocodile tears were already forming in my eyes.

My response was to inform Andrea that her requests would be conditionally granted-removal of the ball and chain, and of the enforced silence rule, but for the time being she would have to live in the special solitary unit. Any disciplinary transgression, however trivial, would result in reinstatement of the other measures. In addition she would be required to address the cadets in formation, her speech would be carefully scripted by me.

I had the distinct impression that Cecilia resented the fact, that I was usurping her headmistress function by dictating the course of events. Should she dare to voice her criticism, I was prepared to discuss the matter privately with her. I was certain that she was intimidated by my forceful personality, indeed I would not hesitate to put in her restraints and use her sexually if she were to exhibit any defiance. 

Andrea was given her script and the cadets were ordered outside and into formation. I took the opportunity to inform them of the failed drug tests, Cecilia had delayed announcing the results at my request. Cadets who had been confined the previous weekend would continue to perform the hard labor punishment, at least until Thursday. This involved the digging of an unnecessary hole in the ground and transporting the dirt by wheelbarrow to a pile some distance away, when the hole was complete the same dirt was used to fill the hole again.

Andrea recited her script to my satisfaction, admitting she was a useless street whore and drug pusher and that due to academy discipline she had realized and would quickly change the error of her ways. Headmistress Cecilia and Assistant Headmistress Mary have shown great tolerance and kindness by giving me another chance, and I wont let them down. 

Perhaps the bitch had actress potential, I thought to myself after listening to her performance. I suspect that Cecilia was upset by her reference to me as Assistant Headmistress but she did briefly address the formation and compliment me on my performance to date, and warning the cadets it would be unwise to incur my anger.

 Significantly Andrea had not mentioned her lover Juan, whose abduction I had arranged. This left only myself, Noreen, Cecilia and perhaps two academy staffers, who were aware that he had set foot on the academy premises. Since Juan was a low life, presumably of illegal immigration status, it was unlikely anyone would ever undertake the type of investigation that would reveal his travel to the academy.

A tentative list of cadets scheduled for confinement the coming weekend had been decided upon, and they were informed the punitive digging project would continue. I assured the cadets that I had devised additional punishments for them as well, leaving them to ponder as to exactly what these might be.

Before addressing the cadets I had examined the list of new disciplinary infractions, since the start of the week. Lydia, the plumper cadet, and a second cadet, Michelle had received demerits for fighting on Monday. It seems that the altercation had been precipitated by Michelle making unflattering remarks about Lydias obesity. In addition a staff member suffered a wrist sprain while trying to separate the two combatants.

Completely on my own initiative, and without any consultation with Cecilia, the two offenders were informed they would be subjected to some very humiliating discipline for the remainder of the evening. Tomorrow night they would be participating in the ditch project as well. For now they were marched off to the cadet lounge and the other cadets were assembled there.

For the next six hours, the two wenches would be bound together like Siamese twins, their mouths would be able to touch each others, but a strip of duct tape over each mouth would prevent any type of oral mischief. Both would remain fully clothed. Lydias wrists were cuffed in front of her, Michelle was then made to put her arms around Lydia above her waist and they likewise were cuffed frontally, leaving the two forced to remain bosom to bosom. Several rolls of duct tape were used to bind their ankles and knees together, they were now forced to lie side by side on the floor of the  lounge in full view of the other cadets.

Cecilia appeared aghast when I issued these orders, in short time I had completely undermined her authority over cadet discipline. I was in charge and any defiance by Cecilia, or other staff, would result in severe punishment for all concerned. In addition I had become better acquainted with the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and he was very supportive of my aggressive efforts. I was assured the board would defer to my wishes over those of Cecilia.

To further undermine Cecilias authority I announced that Noreen, who lived less than fifteen miles away, would return to the academy at 10:00pm and free the two miscreants from their restraints. This would effectively prevent Cecilia from releasing them after a shorter period.

Before leaving I paused to admire my work. If I had my way the two cadets would be stripped naked, and a common dildo would connect their fuck holes together, removing the dildo would result in a whipping. Still it was a work of art, two feuding females, helplessly forced to put their arms around each other, and unable to speak or do any violence to one another. 

From experience I know this type of Siamese restraint is most tormenting when employed upon the willing, and I had no doubt it would be at least equally so with unwilling twins. Ive always used it on nude females in the past, the sensation of their boobs and snatches rubbing against each other while unable to move, has never failed to induce erotic agony, especially when the two are forced to share a dildo.

 Regrettably the Board of Directors Chairman had been quite emphatic against subjecting the cadets to any forced penetrations. I wasnt about to jeopardize my lucrative benefit package by forcing any upon the cadets. However this prohibition didnt apply to the Headmistress, and I envisioned taking just such liberties with her in the near future.

END PART 59

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY  Part 60
by Long Tall Mary

As I drove alone in my van towards Camillus, my fantasies were focused on forced sex with Headmistress Cecilia. These ended abruptly with the ringing of my cell phone. As luck would have it a police car was directly behind me, so I let the call forward to my voice mail.

A few minutes later, the police car out of sight, I played the voice mail and it was from Vince, in California. The gist of the message was that he had found a buyer for Kelly. As I was unable to return the call immediately I eagerly waited calling him from my home.

When I did make contact with Vince he apologized, much to my surprise, for the rudeness he had exhibited when examining Kelly. The deal was that a California porn producer was willing to have Kelly flown by a small private plane from Syracuse to California. I would not receive any compensation but at least I would have the satisfaction of knowing she had found a good home.

 Kelly really hadnt done anything to warrant someone doing any harm to her, but a move to California would be mutually beneficial. It would relieve me of the burden of having to confine her involuntarily, and for her it would be a new start in life with her material needs provided for by a producer. Most likely she would become dependent upon drugs, with this type of arrangement it was unlikely she would ever return to New York, nor would I have to fear legal repercussions. It was a case of poor judgment on my part for abducting her on impulse and a lesson I would heed in the future.

The plan was that in seven days Felicia and I would transport her by van to a small private airport near Syracuse, where she would board the plane and depart immediately. No worry about Homeland Security scrutiny, which would occur if she flew commercially. She would not be restrained, but I was confident Lorraine would provide intravenous sedation to make her more manageable.

The agreement did not require any specific degree of training for Kelly, my main concern was the burden of keeping her confined until the transfer date. Frankly, I was tiring of the sexual training and since I wouldnt be receiving compensation, it would be her new owners responsibility to train her as he saw fit.

As has frequently happened during my career, I was about to become involved with multiple job assignments, but unfortunately the newest one would be for less than twenty four hours, which I found disappointing in this case. It started with a call from a prominent and wealthy Syracuse businessman, whom I have known personally for years. Ill refer to him only as JC.

JC at the age of seventy, after several marriages, once again married Elizabeth, she being thirty years younger. Quite fortunately JC had insisted on a pre-nuptial agreement, which froze Elizabeth out of acquiring any of his wealth in the event of marital dissolution.

Less than a year after being married JC discovered Elizabeth having a affair with another male, who was a managerial employee at JCs business. He was promptly fired and JC sought revenge upon his wife, in the form of her submitting to a dominatrix. The economic leverage provided by the pre-nuptials assured Elizabeth would submit voluntarily, however begrudgingly. She was essentially a gold digging former cocktail waitress, divorce would relegate her to financial and social marginality.

Despite my busy schedule, JC was insistent that the session take place within the next four days. JC is someone you just dont say no to, and the lucrative session fee he was offering to pay was reason enough in itself. It was agreed that Elizabeth would be delivered to my home at 8:00AM on Thursday and be picked up at 8:00AM the next day.

I was acquainted with Elizabeth and considered disciplining her both a challenge and a pleasure. My opinion of her is very negative, she is a haughty, overbearing and manipulative bitch. At one time, prior to her most recent marriage, she had been a customer at my bar and was one of the few females ever banned for misconduct. She had used sexually explicit terms when criticizing Patti for alleged poor service, and carrying on so loudly as to upset the other customers.

As part of the agreement Elizabeth would not know the identity of her dominatrix until she arrived at the house. If she were aware it might result in refusal on her part to submit, because of our mutual ill will.  According to JC he had no reason to believe Elizabeth had any lesbian sex experience, and had reacted with disgust when given the ultimatum. Fortunately she was not aware of where I lived, so she would not be surprised until safely inside my garage. I just love springing these kinds of surprises.

When Elizabeth arrived Thursday morning she was in a chauffeured limo, seated with JC in the rear. As is my customary protocol, I had instructed JC to have her walk alone to my door and step inside the garage, he was to remain in the limo and leave the moment she entered the garage. 

Elizabeth is addicted to high fashion and jewelry, but today she was attired only in jeans and a loose fitting beige pullover sweater, with no jewelry. I found this rather disappointing as forcing a snooty, rich bitch to strip out of expensive clothing gives me great pleasure, and few such opportunities present themselves.  Oh well, you cant have everything.

To her credit Elizabeth was an attractive blue eyed blond, with an excellent body for a woman her age. She was about 58 , with major league boobs, and an overall lithesome figure. The bitch was a regular at several swank bars in the area, with a reputation for excessive drinking, facilitated largely by access to a private chauffeur. She also had a reputation for being obnoxious, only the status and prestige of her husband, kept her from being banned from various establishments.

You can imagine the look about her when I emerged through the doorway and confronted her in the garage with the greeting welcome bitch. I wasnt about to give her any time to consider escape and promptly cuffed her hands behind her. 

I dont appreciated being addressed as bitch by the owner of a lower class gin mill were the first words she uttered. Without saying a word I escorted her down the basement stairs to the dungeon and connected her cuffs to a cable. The cable was then winched upwards forcing her to stand uncomfortably with her arms behind, in an elevated position. Her legs were spread about two feet apart, and ankles were connected with leather cuffs to bolts in the floor.

Elizabeths arrival had necessitated transferring Kelly from the basement holding cell to the upstairs guest bedroom. While doing so she had unexpectedly lashed out with epithets at Felicia, who was escorting her. My response was to tie her rigidly to a chair and administer several hard flogger lashes to her boobs and stomach. A ball gag prevented her from committing any further verbal mischief. Having bound her in the tightest, most painful manner I could devise, she would sit for a few hours until I dealt with her further.

With Elizabeth secured I pulled up a chair in front of her, sat down and crossed my legs. My monologue was a description of what she could expect during her stay. First she was informed that if I were not satisfied with her behavior, I would not hesitate to confine her for longer than twenty four hours. It was a bluff, as JC had been quite emphatic about limiting her visit to that period, still I feel it puts the submissive in a frame of mind more conducive to effective discipline.

My monologue was interrupted by the ringing of my cell phone. Ordinarily I will not interrupt my session, and the call will be forwarded to voice mail, but for some reason I answered the call immediately without even recognizing the caller number. 

It was a female probation officer who was doing a pre-sentencing report on Kristen, who had pled guilty to a drug charge. The report seemed to be a formality, as it had been agreed upon in court she would receive probation. I assured the p. o. that Kristen was a model employee, but that if I found any future indication of illegal drug use, I would not hesitate to terminate her employment.

The woman struck me as rather na&iuml;ve, one of the questions she asked if I were aware of any drug pushers frequenting my bar. Absolutely not, I replied, emphasizing that I would not jeopardize my liquor license, by tolerating their presence.

My phone conversation was interrupted by an outburst from Elizabeth, complaining of her discomfort. I quickly placed my hand over the mouthpiece and stepped outside the dungeon door, until completing the call. When I returned Elizabeth was still complaining.

Prior to her arrival, I had readied a pair of my soiled panties. The bitch quickly sensed their purpose upon seeing them in my hand.   Open bitch, you need to get acquainted with my scent, I commanded as I prepared for insertion. 

She foolishly refused to open her mouth, knowing that the panties would go in one way or another. I pulled up her sweater and bra, and violently twisted her left nipple with my fingers. This evoked a shriek of pain, but her mouth opened and in went the panties. I stood back, smiling and admiring my work, Cant talk can you I remarked tauntingly. 

If Elizabeth had been a hardened pain slut, such as Felicia, I would have had no qualms about leaving her painfully winched and panty gagged for hours. Being that she was a novice, realistically I knew she couldnt be left in that position, unattended and for any extended period. Not often does it happen, but someone can choke with a panty gag and my track record for avoiding serious injury is unblemished.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Submissives dont stay clothed for long in my dungeon, and I was already disappointed over her lack of expensive attire. So I put my heavy duty scissors to use and in short order she was completely nude, every item of her outer and inner garments were in shreds, her shoes removed.  I assured her that JC would bring some new clothes for her, when it came time to be released..

I once again sat down on the chair in front of her, and resumed my monologue. She could expect a blend of corporal punishment, strap on sex, and oral sex, I was to be addressed as Mistress and no speaking without my permission was allowed. All routine for a dungeon, but for a novice it has to spelled out.

One task JC was insistent that I perform, was a thorough interrogation of Elizabeth, specifically the details of all previous and any current affairs. Im quite adept at extracting this type of information from submissives, but in the case of Elizabeth I sensed it would be difficult to accomplish within the allotted twenty four hour period.

I decided that electroshock therapy was appropriate in this case. The unit I used previously had fallen into disrepair, and sat idly for nearly two years. Finally I purchased a new  unit from a bondage trainer in Rochester. Technical support for such equipment is hard to come by, fortunately my source is competent in this area, and returning the unit to Rochester if necessary, wasnt all that burdensome.

My previous unit was programmed to deliver shocks automatically, if the audio intensity of the sub in response to enunciation training, was insufficient. It came with a CD containing numerous phrases for recital such as Im a useless slut. The new unit delivered shocks only manually, and could be used with or without a CD.

Elizabeth, aware of its purpose without being told, grimaced as I rolled the electroshock cart into place in front of her. Four electrodes were attached, one to each nipple, one to each side of her groin and the procedure was explained to her. She would enunciate each of the CD phrases as loudly as possible, if I adjudged them insufficient, shocks of progressively increasing intensity would be administered.

My older unit could be programmed to deliver shocks to one or any combination of the four electrodes, it also had a random capability. The new unit offered only manual control and only for one electrode at a time. 

Elizabeths painful position was eased, as her wrists were re cuffed to the front and connected above to the overhead, her legs remained spread and attached to floor bolts. A cervical type leather collar was attached to her neck, and padlocked in place. This helps to promote proper body posture, and reinforces the feeling of helplessness when the submissive realizes that it can not be removed without a key, no matter how hard they may try.

To her credit, Elizabeth performed well on the enunciation training and I felt guilty about delivering the maximum shock to her My shocks were slow and deliberate, as I tried to keep her guessing which electrode would be shocked next. After three consecutive left nipple shocks for example, I might deliver one to the groin, then the left nipple once again.

After about fifteen minutes of shock therapy, I was satisfied both that Elizabeth would likely have laryngitis the next day, and more importantly that she would be in a frame of mind conducive to interrogation. 

I pulled my chair back a few feet from her, and sat in a leisurely manner, quite pleased by the anguish she was experiencing. She was not gagged, and knew that any speaking without permission would result in immediate flogging. The fact that she remained silent, was one indicator that her training was progressing adequately.

Once again my cell phone rang and it was from Noreen. She had been assigned to visit the academy daily to monitor the disciplinary program. Of specific concern to me was that without oversight, Headmistress Cecilia might become somewhat lax in application of the protocols. I fully anticipated she would resent Noreens daily visits.
Noreen was visibly upset as she spoke It seems that when she arrived at the academy, the day before, that the cadets assigned to the digging project were sitting down and having leisurely chats amongst themselves.

 What upset Noreen the most, was that Cecilia had embarrassed her in front of the cadets, by making reference to me as the long legged bitch from hell, and by expressing her resentment of the daily compliance visits.

Needless to say I dont take kindly to being referred to as a bitch, as well as to my anatomy or any other epithet. I assured Noreen that upon my visit this week on Friday, that Cecilia would be subjected to a private discipline session with me in the comfort of her academy quarters.

With Elizabeths training in progress, Kellys scheduled departure, and the prospect of a week end at the academy, it was definitely shaping up as a good week for me.

END PART 60

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








FEAR OF LONG TALL MARY Part 61
by Long Tall Mary

Leaving Elizabeth alone for a few minutes, I went upstairs and placed a call to the chair of the academy board of directors. In no uncertain terms I expressed my unhappiness with the pace of the disciplinary program in general, and the humiliation of Noreen by Headmistress Cecilia in particular. He was quite receptive and assured me that positive results would soon be forthcoming.

Elizabeth was sporting a full mound of pubic hair and a forced shaving is a very effective means of humiliating someone of her snooty demeanor. While my hand tremors prevented me from doing the shaving personally, Felicia was more than willing to perform the task.

 To my knowledge the two were not acquainted, but I felt it best that Felicia wear a ski mask to prevent identification. Masking Elizabeth would have deprived me of the gratification inherent from viewing the agony of the shavee.

You can imagine the look of consternation when Elizabeth saw Felicia, wearing a ski mask, approached her carrying a can of lather and a razor. Without being told, Elizabeth knew what was about to take place and she made a pitiful plea to be spared. My reaction was a severe flogger lash across her breasts, for speaking without permission.

I stood smiling with my arms crossed as Felicia pulled up a stool in front of Elizabeth, and began the shaving process. It took nearly ten minutes to complete but Elizabeth was able to resist any further speech, knowing that more painful lashes would result. To satisfy the sadistic needs of Felicia, I permitted her to attach a pair of nipple clamps to Elizabeth, and yank them back and forth a few times, following the shaving. The shrieks of pain that resulted just added to my gratification.

&nbsp;
It was time for the interrogation of Elizabeth to commence. First of all I was privy to some information that JC was not aware of. Elizabeth had been carrying on some type of affair with a local TV news anchor, both of whom were members of the Pine Grove Golf Club and Fitness Center.

Elizabeth was known to use the Pine Grove lounge as a watering hole after completing her workouts. A few weeks ago she had been imbibing in the lounge with her paramour, when his wife appeared unexpectedly. A loud argument ensued, and only the intervention of staff prevented a physical altercation.

As a result Elizabeths membership was suspended. Fearful that JC would learn of the affair, she did not pursue the matter with the club manager. I would certainly make JC  aware of it, and hopefully other adverse information as well.

I began the interrogation by asking neutral questions, such as how old are you, of course these elicited the correct answers. Then came the more sensitive questions. Elizabeth initially denied the affair with the news anchor, and she was painfully shocked for her deception. At the time I had not let on that I was aware of this affair, the question was phrased in generic terms.

It is amazing what inducement to be truthful, a few well placed shocks can do. Elizabeth confessed to the news anchor affair, but denied having had sex with him. This brought to mind a similar characterization by a former American president.

It quickly became apparent that I wasnt about to extract much additional information from her. In her presence, I made a phone call to JC and requested that her period of confinement be extended for up to seventy two hours. This elicited an expletive by her, intended to be heard by JC. Putting down the phone for a moment, I silenced her by hastily applying a ball gag before resuming my conversation.

With JC you simply dont demand something, you must politely suggest. In this case he readily accepted my suggestion, and seemed particularly pleased that I made him aware of the news anchor affair. The look of apprehension about Elizabeth, as I carried on this conversation, was a delight. She now had to anticipate JCs retribution, not only upon her but possibly to the anchor as well.

Upon completing my phone conversation, I decided to leave Elizabeth alone for a few minutes, as I had some matters to attend to upstairs. She would be monitored on the CCTV and for further spite I announced that I would be inviting the news anchors wife to serve as a guest dominatrix, of course I had no such intention. 

Elizabeth blanched at this threat, which was made even more credible by my reciting of the wifes cell phone number. Im not about to say how I obtained the number, but I simulated leaving a message on her voice mail to call me. Striving to contain my glee, I went upstairs, leaving Elizabeth in a state of high anxiety.

No sooner did I arrive upstairs, than was I to suffer my own state of high anxiety. My doorbell rang and upon viewing the CCTV, I observed a sheriffs patrol car in my driveway with two uniformed deputies, one a female, standing outside.

As I quickly pondered my response my home phone rang and it was the male deputy in the driveway. We have an arrest warrant for Felicia Porter, let us inside he demanded. I assured him that I was not Felicia but that she was dressing, and would walk to the driveway and submit to arrest within two minutes. He was satisfied with this response.

Felicia was standing along side of me, fully aware of what was transpiring. There must be some mistake, Felicia stated, trying to sound nonchalant. I didnt have time to listen, with two females being held against their will, permitting the deputies inside would be a calamity that had to be avoided at all costs.

I assured Felicia that I would bail her out as soon as possible. Without argument she donned her coat and walked out to the driveway, where she was handcuffed before being driven away. My first reaction was to call Noreen and have her drive to my home, this would take nearly an hour.

It was hardly surprising that Felicia was in trouble with the law again. In the years I have known her, she has been in and out of jail numerous times, for such crimes as drug possession, shoplifting, welfare fraud, and assault. She is a career criminal, albeit a low level and bungling type, her jail sentences have never individually exceeded one year.

After making several phone calls, I was able to ascertain the specifics of Felicias latest arrest. It seems she had made a phone call to the home of a female corrections officer,  and threatened to abduct and sell her into slavery. Felicia had been in this COs unit while serving her most recent stint at Jamesville, and for some reason animosity existed between the two.

The CO of course recognized Felicias voice, and since Felicia had made the call on my house phone, it had been traced to me. Thus the deputies assumed that Felicia was staying at my home. I had plenty of ideas as how to punish Felicia for her stupidity, but first I needed to get her out of jail, my worst fear was that she would somehow implicate me in the abduction of Kelli.

It was time for me to check on Kelli, who was tightly bound and gagged on a chair in the guest bedroom, as punishment for her earlier tirade. I was met with a hostile glare, which prompted me to remark you look much too comfortable. With her wrists and elbows bound separately and attached by another rope to the chair back, it was relatively easy for me to change her position.

The new position was far less comfortable. She was forced to kneel on the carpet with her wrists and elbows bound behind her, these were drawn up by a winching cable I had recently installed. Her ankles were spread and attached by leather cuffs to floor hooks. Smiling, I left her kneeling in anguish while I left the room to attend to other matters.

First off, I decided to hold off on the interrogation of Elizabeth for the time being. After removing her ball gag Im certain she expected it would remain off. While I hardly found her sexually appealing, for the sake of humiliation I forced some deep mouth kissing upon her and fondled her breasts, before replacing the gag and returning upstairs.

No sooner had I reached upstairs, when another call came in and it was from Headmistress Cecilia. Evidently the chair of the board of directors had ordered her to call and apologize for her treatment of Noreen. Cecilia feigned that it was a misunderstanding, with no humiliation intended. It was obviously troubling for her to make this call, but I played along with her game. My imagination was already percolating as to the specifics of how I would punish her, when I made my Friday visit to the academy.

The next call was from Felicia who was being held downtown at the jail and imploring me to post the $500.00 cash bail that had been set. Realistically I had no choice, so I called Patti, my bar manager, at her home and instructed her to drive to my Camillus home. I would give her the cash,  she would bail out Felicia, and drive her back to my house.

Patti and Noreen arrived at my home within two minutes of each other. Patti was handed the money in the garage  and she promptly departed, I did not wish for her to be aware of the two females confined inside. I prepared a mixed drink for Noreen, and one for myself, before sitting down in the living room to discuss the course of events.

While Im not sexually attracted to Noreen as I am to some of my associates, I do periodically enjoy requiring such a woman to service me sexually. I took the opportunity before Felicias return to order Noreen to kneel on the living room floor while I sat on the couch and to use her tongue on my pussy. She was assured that if her performance was adequate she would be spared the distaste of being required to service my asshole.

Noreen was visibly upset, after all this was the first time I had propositioned her. She had been exposed to dominatrix sex when she was auditioning for the role as my assistant, and submitted rather reluctantly. I also sensed a distinct lack of enthusiasm when she was assisting me with the female cadets at the academy.

 Noreens primary interest was in having males submit to her as a dominatrix. She was well off financially, having divorced a wealthy surgeon, and her motivation for bondage was purely for pleasure. Her expectation was that I would assist her in cultivating relationships with male submissives and allow her to use my dungeon for such purposes.

I could strip and hogtie you on the floor, Felicia will be very happy to use you sexually when she arrives, I remarked. All right, you win she giggled, breaking the ice and assuming the kneeling position. The giggle was a bit contrived, but Im used to such acting.

 I removed my vinyl mini and Noreen burrowed her head in between my legs and began tonguing. Ordinarily the sub has their hands bound behind them during this phase, but I relented in this case. Her mouth work was superb and I allowed her to cease after less than five minutes.

After complimenting Noreen for her quality oral sex, I assured her that within ten days I would procure two male subs for her to bondage. As a condition for this she would have to assist me with the disciplining of Felicia, Kelli, the academy cadets and any other female situations which might arise. In addition periodically she would have to serve me personally, as she had just done orally. For all this she would receive a generous, off the books, compensation package.

I am at your command Mistress she replied without hesitation. Noreen was a realist, she despised having to train females but accepted it as a necessary means of attaining her goal of training male subs. She is quite aware of my reputation for bizarre and unpredictable sadism to punish insubordinates.

My main concerns are discussing sensitive matters via telephone or computer. I have strict protocols for these formats, bantam brain types like Felicia violate them most frequently. Who but a bantam would use a traceable house phone to call a former CO and threaten to adduct and sell her into slavery?

Privacy is another major concern. My associates are frequently privy to the secrets of the high and mighty types, such as JC and Elizabeth, as well as numerous  personal information concerning lesser souls. It is made quite clear to my associates that misuse of this  information will result in swift and harsh punishment of the person responsible.

The vehicle carrying Felicia had just pulled into the driveway and Patti, the driver, had instructed her to walk directly to the living room. I have to use the ladies room for a few minutes called Felicia from the kitchen area. Incensed by this disobedience I angrily walked into the kitchen and after grabbing Felicia by the hair and arm, I dragged her into the living room.

I was in no mood not to loose my patience You stupid cunt, we could have both been arrested for kidnapping because of your love call to your former CO. Im sorry, I was blitzed Felicia replied with a conspicuous smirk.

Rarely do I slap a subordinate but in this case I stunned her with the most vicious back hander Ive ever thrown and causing her to land on her back on a chair. Mistress Noreen I commanded, Immediately place Felicia in a rigid hogtie and you will be held personally responsible should she escape.

This command was sufficient to chill Noreen. At the onset of our relationship, she professed to having no rope tying experience. I informed her it was a prerequisite and provided her with several tutorials and varying sizes and types of ropes. She assured me she was learning, but her final exam would be today. If she failed I would permit Felicia to restrain her in any manner she desired, after which I would indeed permit Felicia to take some liberties with Noreen. Immediately after that I would restrain Felicia myself, perhaps even tying them together Siamese style.

Felicia knew better than to resist, so this eased Noreens assignment considerably. My preliminary observations were that Noreen was doing a first rate job with her bindings. In short time Felicia was in a cross legged hogtie, a rope was looped around her waist and another rope looped underneath her crotch to assure maximum discomfort.

At this point Felicia was still fully attired in her mini and sweater, these would be cut off with heavy duty scissors later. Since delaying Felicias use of the bathroom had resulted in her urinating in her pants, it was most appropriate to remove the soggy pants and stick them in her mouth, then secure them with duct tape. I had to threaten to use pliers on her tits to force her to open her mouth but she chose compliance over pain.

Noreen and I enjoyed another drink as Felicia lie helplessly bound and gagged at our feet. I took the opportunity to read the mail and more bad news had arrived, this time from the State Liquor Authority.

A few weeks ago I had held a stag party and fundraiser for one of the long time male customers at my lounge. Part of the program was that I had hired a local female stripper to perform various burlesque dances, clad in contemporary Muslim attire including a burqa. A drawing was held and the winner was entitled to a half hour private fortune telling session with the impersonator at the end of the night, in one of the taverns private rooms.

The SLA announced it was investigating whether religious harassment, consumer fraud or prostitution had been committed. I found the merits of these allegations ludicrous, but it assured I would have to pay at least $1000.00 to my attorney. Such is the cost of being a bar owner in New York State, especially when youve incurred the disfavor of the bureaucracy.

END PART 61

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 62 
by Long Tall Mary  

The stench of Felicias urine quickly outweighed the joy of seeing her painfully bound on the living room floor at our feet. We carried her into the unoccupied guest bedroom and left her bound and locked inside. It was apparent to me by now that Noreens rope work would hold, despite a determined effort by Felicia to free herself. Noreen appeared greatly relieved when I offered this opinion.

Next it was time to continue with the interrogation of Elizabeth. If successful I would release her to JC later in the day or early Friday, in order that Noreen and I could arrive early Friday afternoon at the academy.

Felicia would remain in confinement for the weekend, thus a dungeon monitor was necessary for her, as well as Kelli. I had already contacted Lorraine, the psychiatric nurse, and she was willing to baby sit for me. Her only condition was that her current male slave be allowed to stay with her, she assured me he would be restrained continuously and not be exposed to the females.

Elizabeth had now been standing, securely bound to the overhead, for several hours. I had removed her gag during my absence but left her cervical posture collar tightly attached. Such prolonged discomfort can wither the defiance of the most snooty bitch. As I rolled the electroshock cart up to her she pleaded to be allowed to answer whatever questions I might ask.

This time she was more forthcoming in her admissions. She related five or six sexual encounters with the news anchor. Overall he was well hung but she complained that he was fixated on oral sex. She was pleased enough with his overall performance that she longed to continue the relationship, but was fearful of retaliation by his wife.

The major surprise was her next revelation, that she was having sex with Tim, the backup chauffeur for JC. Although he was twenty years younger, Elizabeth described him as the most hung male she had ever known. Adding to his appeal was his lack of emphasis on oral sex. They had at least four trysts at his place, but reportedly Tim was trying to wind down the affair for fear of incurring JCs wrath.

Elizabeth stated she was attracted to these affairs because of JCs erectile dysfunction problem. Despite his rugged good looks and extremely assertive personality, JC suffered from some neurological disorder, which made it difficult for him to attain a serviceable erection.

JC was a prodigious consumer of Viagra and reportedly was involved in the clinical trials of a new erectogenic drug, none of which seemed to help. Perhaps they gave him the placebo I quipped, and drew the first trace of a laugh from the bitch.

Elizabeth fully expected I would sympathize with her and pleaded with me not to let JC know that I was aware of his impotence. I certainly had no sympathy for the gold digging bitch, furthermore she was aware of JCs problem before they married.

I found myself in a quandary of business ethics. My contractual obligation was to provide the paying customer with all the information I elicited during the interrogation.  Yet if he were aware that a third person was aware of his condition, that person would likely incur his lifelong contempt. Still I found it puzzling that he would have Elizabeth committed to my custody for torture, for fear that the secret would be betrayed.

JC is not someone whom you wish for an enemy. To cite one example, he is a real estate mogul owning considerable property downtown. Several years ago the owner of some property he wished to acquire, refused his buyout offer. The building, then vacant, was destroyed by a fire listed as arson, and the case was never solved. JC never acquired the building, but for the owner it was a total loss as the building was uninsured. Rumors have persisted over the years linking JC to organized crime.

After due consideration I decided not to inform him of Elizabeths discontent over his sexual performance problems. She seemed greatly relieved by my decision, and Im certain it was her only positive feeling from the session.

When a bitch is cooperative she must be rewarded. Elizabeth had been standing and attached to the overhead since her arrival, so I permitted her the relative comfort of my basement holding cell. She was unrestrained but her posture collar was left in place and loosened, with the padlock assuring she could not remove it even with her hands free.

Elizabeth would still have to undergo some leash training before her release, but I would give her a half hour or so of rest. From upstairs I telephoned JC who was greatly relieved to learn of the affairs. He assured me that the chauffeur would be dealt with accordingly. JC would arrive at my house and take delivery of his wife at 8:00AM Friday, as initially scheduled.

In cases like this I have a release ritual. The sub is naked and led on a leash to a room where her owner awaits. She must kneel and recite a prepared script, typically confessing to the error of her ways and imploring forgiveness. Elizabeth would be no exception.

It was time to check on the welfare of my two other submissive guests, Felicia and Kelly. I decided for good measure to leave Felicia hogtied in the bedroom and with the urine stained panties in her mouth. An inspection of her bonds showed they would quite secure and I once again complimented Noreen on her rope tying ability. 

Kelly, still uncomfortably bound in a kneeling position on the guest bedroom floor, showed no sign of surrender and continued to glare at me. I just smiled before changing her position once again. The mattress was removed from the bed frame, leaving only the spring coils. With help from Noreen, Kelly was transferred to a position lying face up on the springs. Leather cuffs were used to spread eagle her 
wrists and ankles, she would spend the night in this most uncomfortable position.

I decided this would be a good time for Noreen to practice strap on technique on a female. Handing her a strap on device, I commanded Mistress , change into appropriate attire and introduce this bitch to the joy of anal strap on sex. Noreen knew better than to protest, and she went to the washroom to change.

She returned in a few minutes wearing the five and a half inch black anal intruder around her waist, and clad only in a black bikini. For Noreens comfort I placed two pillows on the springs for her to kneel on. There was enough play in the ankle cuffs to allow sufficient access, they would be spread much more tightly following the sex.

Noreen mounted Kelly and for the next ten minutes she was continuously occupied in brutal anal thrusts. Kelly was in visible pain and unable to avoid making delectable moans through her gag. To add a musical backdrop, I played the recording Girls Just Want to Have Fun over the sound system at a moderate volume level.

My impression of Noreens bearing and technique was most favorable. Considering her distaste for lesbian sex, I could only imagine her dynamics when performing upon a male sub.

I decided that Noreen deserved some enjoyable coital sex, so I employed a technique I rarely use. After directing Noreen to remove her strap on, I produced a locked dildo gag for Kelly to wear. The external portion featured a seven inch polyurethane blue intruder, with a shorter black leather clock for the mouth. Strapped into place this assured ample penetration of Noreens fuck hole, as Kelly lie on her back.

Both Noreen and Kelly were taken by surprise by this toy. Ive seen pictures on bondage web sites of subs wearing them, but Im not aware of any of my associate dominatrix ever using one in practice. You will pleasure your Mistress I commanded to Kelly, not that she had any choice in the matter. 

I issued the command mount to Noreen and she duly obliged, commencing vigorous thrusting into the dildo gag of the already ravaged Kelly. Not quite what either of them expected, but Noreen appeared to be enjoying herself considerably more than she had during the anal phase. The unusually strenuous activity assured the dominatrix a mild aerobic workout, as well as multiple orgasms.

After nearly five minutes I released Noreen from her position. The locked dildo gag looked so good I decided to keep it in place. Kelly would continue her solitary restraint and confinement. The particular gag can be slipped off by a determined sub and to prevent this from happening, I placed a full face muzzle with locking padlock on Kelly, and attached the dildo gag to that. A large mirror at the foot of the bed assured Kelly would be able to enjoy viewing herself in a helpless state.

Before sitting down in the living room for a short break, I decided to transfer Felicia from her floor hogtie into the cage. Once caged she would remain there at least until the next morning. I still hadnt decided upon an appropriate resolution for the foolish bitch. My inclination was to find a buyer for her, but realistically this was improbable. The loss of the five hundred dollars bail would be a loss well worth incurring.

 After cutting loose her hogtie I made her hop down the hall to the bathroom, and I delegated Noreen the task of hosing her down in the bathtub. Felicia was then made to hop back to the bedroom and locked in the cage. Her wrists and ankles would remain bound, but I did remove her gag. To taunt her I selected one of the gospel music channels on XM, and piped it into the bedroom. 

No sooner had I returned to the living room than did the phone ring, it was Lorraine. She was nearby and asked if she could stop over to discuss some matter. Less than five minutes later her van pulled into the driveway and she emerged, clad in her customary sweat pants and sweat shirt.

Lorraine was unusually giddy and blurted out that her male slave, Kevin , was in the rear of the van. It seems that he had been disobedient in recent days, and for punishment she was taking him to a gay bondage trainer for a forty eight hour stay. Since Kevin is a homophile, the thought of forced gay sex was most unsettling. Lorraine gleefully described his vehement reaction, which necessitated injecting him with a sedative before she could place him in the van.

Forced gay sex for homophobic male subs has long been my trademark. Lorraine would be transporting her slave to Master Joe, the leather goods store owner, whom Ive dealt with so many times. He is always more than willing to provide that type of training, although his session fees tend to be rather high. Master Joe is the leader of a loose consortium of gay male doms. His session agreements stipulate that any one or more of these trainers may be used, his dungeon is located in the same renovated factory complex that houses his store.

Lorraine insisted that Noreen and I come out to the van and take a look at Kevin. At my stage in life Im hardly aroused by a caged male sub, but for the sake of harmony I agreed. Lorraine is quite an egomaniac and has a tendency to extol her talents and worth. Her slovenly appearance is a turn off as well, but unfortunately I need her services periodically so I go along with her vanity.

Kevin was locked in a cage in the rear of the van. Clad only in panties, fishnets and a muscle shirt, he was not otherwise restrained but was quite groggy from the sedation. He had nothing to say even as Lorraine delivered a verbal trashing of his masculinity for our benefit.

After that the three of us stood in the driveway chatting for a few minutes, before Lorraine left. She would be returning later to serve as my dungeon monitor, but Kevin would remain at Master Joes during this period. Lorraines visit had been a waste of time although Noreen appeared quite pleased at the sight of a caged male slave.
As my presence was needed at the bar during the evening, Elizabeths training would be completed before I left and she would be secured for the night. JC would arrive to pick her up at 8:00AM. To some degree it was disappointing that she would only be confined for twenty four hours, as she is the type I am most eager to train, however my services were needed at the academy on Friday, the appeal of disciplining the errant cadets outweighed the necessity to release Elizabeth.

Accompanied by Noreen, I went to the basement where Elizabeth was sitting on the floor mattress of the holding cell. Evidently she thought I was now her friend as when I approached she greeted me by trying to make some small talk. My response was to unlock the cell door, grab her by the ring of her collar and deliver a painful flogger lash across her breasts. I reminded her that dungeon etiquette was still in effect, and this included not speaking without permission.

For the purposes of leash training I removed her cervical posture collar and replaced it with a smaller leather collar. This too was padlocked in place and she would wear it until she was released the next morning.

 Next I decided to try out a new piece of fetish attire on Elizabeth. This consisted of a black vinyl one piece jumpsuit which after stepping into was zipped up in the front. Master Joe had custom made it for me some months ago and it seemed like it would fit Elizabeth. Indeed it did, and zipping it up to just below resulted in her boobs thrust out in a most titillating manner. This was most desirable and would allow for any flagellation I might choose to administer.

There are three leashing postures which I employ, One consists of leading the sub on a leash crawling on hands and knees, a variation is to allow the sub to walk while leashed. The third and most taxing to the sub, is to be required to crawl on their knees with wrists bound behind them. It was the third method that I would use on Elizabeth, her wrists were placed in leather cuffs and attached to her rear to a belt which was tightly fastened around her waist.

Before she began her crawl I instructed her on the forgiveness scrip that she was to deliver to JC in the morning. Her enunciation was not acceptable and it took several flogger lashes to her breasts before it was correct.

For nearly thirty minutes the leash training continued. Leading her by the leash, crawling on her knees upon the carpeted dungeon floor, she was required to continually make barking sounds. Periodically she would fetch a bone at the opposite end of the floor and return it to me, holding it in her teeth.

Satisfied overall with her progress, I removed the vinyl jumpsuit and placed her back in the cell, nudity is the rule for subs confined overnight. Elizabeth would remain there until JC arrived to pick her up in he morning, with periodic inspections by Noreen, who would also monitor her over the CCTV. Noreen was instructed not to engage in any conversation with Elizabeth, and was given discretion to pipe various music into the cell

Noreen would also be responsible for monitoring Kelly and Felicia. Kelly would remain spread eagled to the mattress springs in one guest bedroom, and Felicia bound in a cage in the other guest bedroom. The same instructions as far as not speaking, and music would apply to them.

Satisfied that my guests were in good hands I left for the bar and eagerly anticipating tomorrows visit to the academy.

END PART 62

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 63      
by Long Tall Mary

It was nearly 12:30AM when I returned from the bar, it had been an uneventful evening. Noreen had been surfing the Internet using my computer, and she reported that Kelly and Felicia had presented no problems during my absence.

I very much wanted Noreen to stay for the night. However she was quite insistent on driving home, a drive of at least an hour, and meeting me at the academy during the afternoon. Both guest bedrooms were occupied, Felicia in one, and Kelly in the other, I wasnt about to transfer either of them.

Im certain that Noreen abhorred the thought of sleeping with me and I even considered securing her in bed. It wasnt that I found her overly appealing sexually, but it is my firm belief that aspiring dominatrix must obtain an adequate amount of submissive experience. In Noreens case she had a strong distaste for lesbian sex, but anyone who is so fortunate as to have me as a mentor must be willing to make some compromises.

I simply wasnt in the mood to be assertive and I acceded to her request, but resolved she would have a submissive experience in the very near future. Lorraine was taking a sick day from her employment at the psychiatric center, and would arrive at my house around 11:00AM. This meant I would be alone when Elizabeth was released to JC, but I didnt foresee any problem.

After an unusually good nights sleep, I arose at 6:00AM. The first task was to check on the welfare of and feed my three guests. First off was Kelly who was visibly agitated when I walked in her room, but wisely she refrained from voicing her sentiments. She was given a plastic bottle of liquid protein meal and I removed one wrist cuff so she could finish it. After she finished the concoction I replaced the wrist cuff and left the room without saying a word.

Felicia was cramped in her cage and requested permission to speak when I entered. For spite I denied this request but indicated she could address me later in the morning. Her bindings were undone, she was given a bottle of the liquid  meal, and I left the room before she finished it.

Last but not least was Elizabeth, who was sitting forlornly on the floor mattress of the holding cell. Since she would be departing within two hours I decided not to feed her. After cuffing her wrists behind her, I used a plastic cuff to connect the wrist cuffs to the ring at the rear of her collar. This assured two objectives: it would cause her considerable discomfort to maintain her posture and it would prevent any resistance on her part.

I then attached a leash to the front of her collar and led her upstairs to the living room, and sat her down on the couch next to me. To add to her distress she was blindfolded with a black cloth and once again I emphasized the need for a satisfactory recital upon JCs arrival. Failure to do so or any act of defiance would result in her being flogged in his presence, as well as her confinement being extended.

Elizabeth was forced to sit statute like, as I watched the morning TV news. Then precisely at 8:00 a limo pulled into the driveway and JC emerged. I quickly greeted him at the door and showed him to a family room located adjacent to the top of the basement stairs.

I then returned to the living room, attached a leash to Elizabeths, and after removing her blindfold she was led to the family room. It was a delightful sight! Naked, handcuffed and collared, her humiliation was obvious as she knelt on the floor facing JC, who was sitting on the couch.

Elizabeth began her recital as I stood to her side continuing to hold the leash. A flogger in my other hand served to make her mindful of the consequences should her performance be unsatisfactory. Her script was to depict herself as a unfaithful wife, who was willing to mend her ways, and to implore forgiveness.

After finishing her recital JC granted her forgiveness and deferentially asked me may I take her home now. That he could be so deferential was amazing considering JCs personality, and I reminded him that my work product carried a three month warranty. If at any time during that period he was dissatisfied with her behavior, he could return her for further confinement and training, at no additional cost.

JC assured me that he would not hesitate to return her if necessary, but that I would be compensated for any additional services. He had brought some casual clothes for Elizabeth to wear, these were to replace the ones I had shredded. She was ordered to change into these clothes while I watched, JC then grabbed her firmly by the arm and led her out to the limo, after once again thanking me.

Elizabeths training had proved to be most gratifying to me. The uppity bitch had been thoroughly humiliated, forced to engage in lesbian sex which she professed to loathe, and to reveal various intimacies. Yet she had hardly been devastated emotionally by the experience, as does happen from time to time.

Over the years Ive sessioned a fair number of subs of both the semi-willing and unwilling type. Ive developed the ability to sense which of these subs truly detest their experience. Kelly was in this category.

 But some of these subs derive a sense of pleasure from their experience, which they attempt to conceal, and I sensed Elizabeth to be in this category. She would never admit it of course, but it would not surprise me if she did not commit some future transgression that would result in her being returned to me for further discipline.

With the departure of Elizabeth I turned my attention to Felicia. Realistically I couldnt keep her caged indefinitely, if nothing else she was due in court the coming week. I decided to take a chance and modify her confinement, emphasizing that I would offer her an opportunity to redeem herself

After making her crawl out of the cage I attached my iron collar around her neck, the medieval like device hadnt been used in ages, and was accumulating dust. Next I attached a twelve foot heavy duty chain to the collar and anchored it to the bed frame. It would allow her very limited movement. I then provided her with a remote unit for the CCTV, which would allow her to select any of the XM Radio or TV channels. She would not have access to any of the porn material in my vast collection.

In addition I made known to Felicia that she would receive a whipping as part of the rehabilitation process. What I didnt tell her was that Lorraine was due to arrive shortly, and that the whipping would be done with a bull whip. Lorraine is quite proficient in its use and even Felicia, being the hardened pain slut she is, detests the bull whip.

Matters quickly become more complicated as a result of a call I then received. Kellys prospective buyer in California, reneged on the deal. He was quite curt and offered no explanation, leaving me with no recourse. Confining the bitch was becoming a burden and she had to be disposed of soon.

In desperation I called Mother Jugs, the leader of the lesbian biker group near Oswego. Some time ago she had acquired Lori, my ex sister-in-laws teenage daughter, who had been presenting severe discipline problems. Lori eventually was transformed into a willing member of the group but later was sold to a West Coast bikers group.

Much to my surprise and relief, Jugs expressed an interest in acquiring Kelly and it was agreed that Jugs would visit me on Monday to discuss the matter. I had been quite moderate in my flagellation of Kelly, as I didnt wish to leave any severe welts or markings. From the buyer standpoint these are not desirable for a photo model. As this was no longer a concern, she would suffer plenty of additional pain during her stay with me.

Lorraine arrived just before 11:00, clad in her sweat pants and shirt, and carrying a large jobber bag. I decided that a whipping for both Kelly and Felicia was in order before I left for the academy. While Lorraines primary orientation is domination of male subs, she is more than willing to administer a bull whipping to a female if requested.

As Lorraine entered the guest bedroom, Felicias spirits plunged abruptly. Coarseness has always been a trademark of Lorraine and today would be no exception. My asshole has been itching all morning and I need it licked until it stops she promptly announced. Without further ado she pulled down her pants and plopped herself comfortably, on her back on the bed.

Felicia realizing the futility of protest, duly kneeled on the bed in order to service Lorraine. For nearly ten minutes she toiled with her mouth to please the slovenly mistress. She had to be prompted numerous times, under threat of whipping, to perform more vigorously. Of course Felicia did not realize that she would be whipped regardless of her performance.

You may infer from my characterization of Lorraine as slovenly, that I have a negative opinion of her. This is true with respect to her appearance, as I feel strongly that dominatrix should wear attire more erotic than sweat clothes as well as, shall we say, be less obese than her current figure.

For all the negativism I harbor towards Lorraines appearance, her assistance is invaluable. This is especially true with respect to her access to sedating drugs, and her ability to inject them. I never discuss her physical appearance with her and Im certain she understands and respects my ambivalence.

With the ass licking complete, it took Felicia completely by surprise as I yanked her to her feet with the collar chain and began attaching her wrists to leather cuffs mounted on a overhead bar. The foolish bitch actually had the audacity to attempt to physically resist, escape was impossible due to the collar chain anchored to the bed frame, and her efforts were pitifully futile.

&nbsp;
It took assistance from Lorraine, but in short order Felicia was attached to the overhead and for good measure we attached an ankle spreader.  I only intended to give you ten lashes, but for your insolence you will receive twenty instead decreed Lorraine. In addition I announced she would spend the remainder of the day in the cage deprived of CCTV access.

Lorraine proceeded with her bull whipping, alternating the lashes between the back, ass, and boobs. While Felicia is a hardened pain slut, in addition to the bull whip itself, she detests one other aspect of the flagellation process and that is to sound off after every lash. Needless to say Lorraine required her to count off the lashes in the manner One mistress, thank you mistress.  Felicias intransigence in enunciating properly resulted in her receiving a total of twenty five, instead of twenty lashes.

With the whipping complete Felicia was taken down from the overhead and locked back in the cage. Lorraine and I went to the adjoining bedroom, where I introduced her to Kelly, still bound uncomfortably on the mattress springs. If Kelly thought Lorraine would be any less sadistic than I, she was sadly mistaken. However Lorraine was so concerned with watching The Price is Right on TV that we agreed to postpone Kellys whipping until after I returned from the academy. Kelly would remain in her uncomfortable position until then.

One concern that I have with Lorraine serving as dungeon monitor during my absence, is her tendency to drink excessively. About two years ago she was forced to take a medical leave from her psychiatric center employment after being caught drinking on the job. For three months she enjoyed being on leave, probably getting drunk every day.

She was required to obtain treatment, but I arranged for my psychiatrist and sometime lover, Newhart, to take her on as a patient. Since neither found the other sexually appealing, her treatment program consisted of brief telephone consultations with Newhart, and of course prescriptions for tranquilizing drugs.

Lorraines drink of choice is vodka, and it is difficult to detect on someones breath. I can never be sure when she has been drinking, but I had no choice but to trust her with being a monitor- you simply cant call a temp agency and have someone sent over. Her male slave was undergoing training by Master Joe, and she was looking forward to viewing a live webcam of his training later in the afternoon.

 Reasonably satisfied that my two guests were in good hands, I departed for the academy.

END PART 63

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;








MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 64
by Long Tall Mary

My drive south on I-81, heading towards Ithaca was surprisingly enjoyable. The fact that several of my favorite songs were playing on the XM 60s channel significantly enhanced my enjoyment. In addition I was able to get through to the request line on my first attempt, my request being for White Rabbit by the Jefferson Airplane. With luck my song would play before I reached the destination of my one hour drive.

I was able to detach my thoughts from the burden of confining both Felicia and Kelly simultaneously. First on my priority list was severe humiliation and bondage for Headmistress Cecilia for having behaved inappropriately towards Noreen earlier in the week. The combined effect of disciplining both Cecilia and the errant cadets was extremely arousing to a person of my temperament. With the cadets care must be taken to avoid excesses, fortunately my expertise in this area minimizes the possibility of undesired consequences.

Most of the parents of the cadets are fully supportive of the academy discipline program but staff must continually be alert to the threat of a lawsuit by a parent or cadet, or even a complaint to law enforcement. My past record at  discouraging such actions is excellent-whether by threat or persuasion I can resolve such situations before they reach a formal stage.

Let me describe one such situation I handled at another academy where I had been contracted to provide dominatrix services , with a cadet composition identical to the current one.

In the course of disciplining one of the errant female cadets, another female staffer had inappropriately groped a cadets boobs. When word got back to the parents they demanded the police be called in to investigate.

The seventeen year old cadet had been caught embezzling money from a fast food restaurant she worked at, and in lieu of imprisonment was sentenced to complete her senior year at the academy. When I learned of the parental complaint I called the father and explained that a sizeable amount of drugs had been found in their daughters possession at the academy, and we were required to turn that over to the police.

This of course would have violated her probation resulting in expulsion from the academy, and imprisonment. The father pleaded with me, even to the point of offering a bribe, not to pursue the drug matter. Thus I was able to persuade him to drop the complaint against the staffer. The fact of the matter is that there were no drugs, but the fabrication worked.

White Rabbit began playing as I reached the two mile point from the academy and was just concluding as I entered the driveway. Hopefully it was a positive harbinger of the weekend session. Following directly behind me was Noreen, who had been waiting at a nearby cut off  until I drove by.
 

Cecilia immediately exited the front door of the administration building and walked to the parking lot to greet us. She tried to pretend that all was hunky dory, but it would be difficult for her not to harbor any ill feelings towards Noreen and I, after being reprimanded by the CEO. Little did she know, that in just a few hours she would receive her comeuppance in the form of some painfully strict bondage.

It had already been decided which cadets would be confined at the academy over the weekend, the number of cadets was twelve. All but two of them were for earlier drug test failures, the remainder were for various demerits. The most flagrant was that Lydia had called a staffer a bitch. Lydia was proving to be a disciplinary incorrigible, and would be dealt with accordingly.

Of particular interest to me was Cadet Andrea, who had incurred my ill will early on, with her schemes of drug use, malingering and just being a smart ass bitch in general. She had spent the past week on modified solitary combined with punitive hard labor.

Cecilia assured me that Andreas record had been exemplary within the past week, and that she had begged to be allowed to speak with me personally. I granted this request and Andrea, attired in the academy athletic uniform, soon appeared privately before me in an office.

Im accustomed to pleas for mercy from bitches like Andrea, but this one impressed me as unusually sincere. She admitted responsibility for her previous transgressions and begged to be released from her solitary regimen. As it stood now she was not allowed to communicate with any of her fellow cadets, all verbal communication could be only with a staff member. This was not sitting well at all with Andrea.

Despite my visceral sadism I am not incapable of occasional acts of magnanimity and this would be one of the few granted. Andrea would be allowed to sleep and converse with the other cadets but there would be no reduction in her sentence of hard labor. The slightest infraction would result in her reverting to solitary status.

Cecilia informed me that at the very moment, a new cadet was en route to the academy. Her name was April, eighteen years old, and from the Rochester area. She had been caught having an affair with her math teacher and attempted to blackmail him when he tried to end the affair.

Unfortunately the blackmail scheme might have succeeded except they were caught parked in a secluded area by police, and drugs found in the car. The teacher was suspended, and prosecution of April was deferred if she completed her year at the academy. 
 
I quickly seized the initiative and informed Cecilia that I would be conducting the entrance interview. This did not sit well with her at all, but she was aware of the influence I wielded with the chair of the board of directors, and knew better than to challenge me.

The protocol for incoming cadets is that they are transported by family or friends to the nearby town of Dryden, where two academy staffers drive them to the academy. Parents or friends are rarely permitted to visit the academy, and for newly arriving cadets, they are dropped off in Dryden and transported by the academy bus or by the personal staff vehicle of the headmistress. This protocol is reversed when the cadets are leaving the academy, such as for weekend liberty.

Since beginning my service at the academy I ordered that cadets being transported to the academy for the first time be restrained. This was not done out of any fear of escape, but for humiliation, and to emphasize the coerced nature of their academy attendance. Since the academy staffers arent skilled at tying knots, the cadet is shackled hand and foot in irons with a waist chain, in the same manner as a federal prisoner in transport.

April arrived about five minutes later and Im certain was surprised to find me outside awaiting her arrival, clad in my black, two piece leather outfit. Noreen was attired more modestly in a pair of black tights and red top and Cecilia was in her customary conservative business suit.

The newest cadet was seated in the back of a Lincoln Town Car, such was the perk of being headmistress, and two female academy staffers were in the front. April was attired in red slacks and a white pullover sweater. At 56 and about 180 pounds, with shoulder length brown hair and gray eyes, she rivaled Lydia as the heaviest cadet. 

I took the liberty of opening the rear door and grabbing her by the arm, to assist her in exiting. She then spoke unsolicited, quite softly and with a distinct British accent. Is it necessary that I be shackled Mistress, I have no intention of trying to escape. Fortunately her tone was deferential and I assume she was advised by her transporters to address me as Mistress.

You will not speak again until you are spoken to, is that understood, I stated emphatically. Somehow there was something about this cadets demeanor that did not cause me to take an instant dislike to her. I sensed she might be a submissive by temperament, and there would be plenty of time to explore this possibility.

One of the fringe benefits of being in the employ of the academy, was that I was allowed to transport one cadet to my home in Camillus, and use her as a house maid. She had to be brought back to the academy the next day. That meant if I took one home Saturday morning, she had to be brought back Sunday morning. Considering the demands of my bar business, this would be quite burdensome but I was seriously considering it. April, of course would be my household maid for a day. 

First off April had to be processed and she was escorted to the headmistress office, where her restraints were removed. Waiting there was the academys part time nurse, whose duty it was to perform a perfunctory physical on each new cadet. April was commanded to remove all her clothing and then stand at attention. Present in addition to the nurse and myself was Cecilia, Noreen and another of the academy staffers.

The reaction of a female to this command can be quite revealing. Most under these circumstances are visibly embarrassed and hesitant. Not so with April, who offered no protest and was promptly standing at attention, completely naked in front of the group.

Her brief examination was intended to be humiliating. It consisted of weighing, anatomical measurements, and a breast examination. In addition there were questions concerning her health and sexual history. She did not deny being sexually active but was not pressed immediately for specifics. I would tend to this later.

Next on the agenda was hair styling. Academy rules require that a cadet have short collar length hair at the time of admission. Growing the hair back to full length is dependent upon the cadets subsequent behavior. The hair cutting was done by the academy staffer. Still completely nude, April sat on a chair in the middle of the room. She appeared visibly distressed as we stared continually at her, while the stylist clipped away.

With the styling complete, she was outfitted with an academy uniform and provided with a brief overview of the academy rules. I decided to conduct a detailed interview later and April was taken to a classroom where she would undergo written scholastic achievement and aptitude tests.

I received a cell call from Lorraine, Felicias attorney had called and requested to speak with her. Not certain as to whether this was permissible, Lorraine called me to inquire. I told her to have Felicia call me immediately, she would not be released from the cage but handed a cordless phone.

Shortly thereafter I received the call from Felicia, I instructed her she could return the call but that Lorraine would be listening in on another phone. Felicia was not to make any mention of the punishment she was currently being subjected to, and that depending upon her behavior during my absence I would modify the punishment accordingly.

A few minutes later Felicia called back to inform me of the substance of the call to her lawyer, and indeed it was good news. Her lawyer had reached a plea bargain whereby she would plead guilty and immediately be sentenced to ninety days in jail, with the possibility of parole in sixty days. Since the target of her threat was a corrections officer at Jamesville, she would permitted to serve her sentence at a prison in a neighboring county. This would take place in just three days.

Expecting that my slave Kelly would be acquired by Mother Jugs on Monday, that meant by the end of the week I would have no overnight guests. Custodial arrangements for these guests had became most burdensome, and I welcomed the change. 

With the uplift in my spirits I would be better able to cope with the tasks at hand, that being the discipline of the errant cadets. It had come to my attention that the pillory device which I had procured for the academy was missing. Cecilia informed me that earlier last week it had been loaded onto a delivery truck and taken away, on personal orders of the CEO of the Board of Directors.

I found this rather puzzling, having just spoken with him last week, and that he had made no mention of his intentions. Perhaps he had his own dungeon in his mid town Manhattan high rise. Whatever the reason, it deprived me of one effective tool for punishing Lydia but I would quickly devise an alternative.

Lydia was ordered to report to me in the office immediately. She was clearly apprehensive as she stood at attention before me, attired in the academy athletic uniform which also served as the work uniform. Have you committed any serious infractions the past week, I inquired stern fully, pretending to be unaware of her calling a staffer, bitch. No mistress was her incredulous reply.

In no uncertain terms I informed her that she would be made an example of, for both her abusive remarks and for lying to me. She would basically be subject to the same restrictions that Andrea had endured for the past week.

 Lydia would wear the ball and chain at all times, not be allowed to speak with any other cadets, and would spend her nights locked in the isolation cell. She would perform the same hard labor as the other cadets, this would again consist of digging a ditch, carting the soil a distance by wheel barrow, and then filling in the ditch again. It was strictly a punitive, make work undertaking.

Additional humiliation and punishment was clearly in order for this persistently wayward cadet, and what better way to inflict it, than in the presence of her fellow cadets. Noreen and myself escorted Lydia to the entrance lobby. Since I was carrying a length of thick candy striped rope, she quickly surmised that she was about to be tied.

Youre not going to tie me up are you she demurred as I ordered her to stand still with her hands behind her. You will learn to obey was my terse response. I then issued a command to  Noreen. Since the cadet lacks the discipline to remain silent, gag her immediately. Noreen brandished a muzzle type face harness with an attached ball gag and with Lydia offering no resistance, it was quickly strapped into place.

Placing subs in tight and inescapable ties has always been one of the most gratifying of the many forms of bondage in which I indulge, and this would be no exception. Rather than my customary hog tie, I chose a modified version for the reason that it would be more conducive to the caning she would soon receive.

After tying a rigid breast harness I was able to force Lydias wrists up to the small of the back, where they were attached to the harness. She was then ordered to kneel down on the carpeted lobby floor. I had sent Noreen back for my jobber bag and when she returned I retrieved an eighteen inch spreader bar with leather ankle cuffs.

After applying the spreader bar I used straps to connect the bar to the rope harness. This forced her to remain kneeling backwards at nearly a forty five angle. It was extremely uncomfortable, and most deservedly as punishment for her poor behavior. When it came time for the caning I would simply change her position to lying on her stomach with no change in her restraints, her buttocks would be readily accessible.

The cadets were summoned and quickly assembled in formation, circling the hapless Lydia. I proceeded to deliver a brief lecture emphasizing the necessity of proper behavior and setting forth the agenda for the cadets on weekend confinement. For the sake of a little extra humiliation I commented that the muzzle gag was quite suitable for equidae use, implying that Lydias physical features bore such resemblance.

Lydia would now receive ten strokes with a rattan and Noreen was instructed to prepare the bound and gagged wench. This was done quickly by pulling Lydias shorts and panties down to her ankles, where they were wrapped about the spreader bar.

The strokes were administered slowly and at varied intervals, she was not told in advance how many strokes would be administered. Each stroke was of the same intensity and by the time I reached ten, her buttocks were covered with red welts and it was clear she was in considerable physical pain.

Once again the constraints of academy policy were apparent. Had I the authority the cadets would have been subjected to full nudity, forced sexual contact, and more extended forms of confinement. Realistically the policy wasnt about to change, and it was only through the force of my personality, that I possessed the  latitude I did. Otherwise discipline would be limited to having the cadets stand in the corner, perhaps wearing a dunce cap.

The formation ended,  the cadets on weekend liberty boarded the academy bus, those restricted for the weekend were allowed a short break before the evening meal and beginning their work details. Lydia would forfeit her meal and remain bound and gagged in the lobby until the detail began.

Headmistress Cecilia appeared content with the direction of the events. Little did she realize that before the evening was out, she herself would be in restraints and undergoing bondage discipline, far more severe than what could be imposed upon the cadets.

END PART 64

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;










 
  Dave
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  160
  2007-07-04T17:48:00Z
  2007-07-10T23:55:00Z
  2007-07-10T23:55:00Z
  12
  1789
  10203
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  85
  23
  11969
  12.00
 
 
  
  
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MEMORIES OF
LONG TALL MARY Part 65

By Long Tall
Mary

&nbsp;

Shortly
after Lydia was released from her restraints and the cadets assembled for the
evening meal, a computer repair person arrived, having been dispatched earlier
to correct a problem with the central academy computer. He was gaunt and
emaciated looking, no more than thirty years old; I took him to be an
alcoholic.

&nbsp;

Discretely I
observed him enter Cecilias office and close the door, apparently working on
the computer. Suddenly April, attired in her academy dress uniform, appeared
and knocked lightly on the office door. Moments later the repair asshole opened
it and she quickly stepped inside before the door was closed.

&nbsp;

I waited for
about five minutes before summoning Noreen and Cecilia to the lobby outside the
office. Quietly I unlocked the door and entered, the asshole was sitting in the
chair behind the desk with his pants down, and a fully clothed April was
kneeling in front of him. It was apparent they were engaged in oral sex.

Like a bolt
of lightning he jumped to his feet and clumsily attempted to pull up his pants.
What is the meaning of this, I demanded. With somewhat of a smirk on his
face, he replied Just a fringe benefit of the job. April, obviously
embarrassed, knew better than to smile and stood silently to his side.

&nbsp;

In seconds I
had the predators hands cuffed behind him. He must have thought that I was a
police officer as his response was a pitiful plea for mercy, Please dont bust
me, my wife will leave me. As Cecilia watched aghast, I led him to the lobby
and ordered him to lie on his stomach on the floor. Using plastic cuffs I
quickly had him in a crude hog tie. April was ordered to stand to the side with
her hands locked behind her head, she complied without
uttering a word.

&nbsp;

The
humiliation of this predator was just beginning. Noreen was ordered to assemble
the remaining cadets in formation, next to where he was hogtied. They were
clearly surprised by this extraordinary occurrence and even more so when I
pulled down his trousers and boxers, exposing his genitals to full view.

&nbsp;

Headmistress
Cecilia exhibited her disgust by walking into her office and slamming the door
shut. She would pay the consequences for this blatant rudeness later in the
evening, but for now it were just the cadets, two female academy staffers, and
Noreen, to witness what I had in store for this asshole.

&nbsp;

Due to his
accent and physical features I suspected he was of Eastern European descent, so
I took the liberty of calling him Igor.
I never did learn his name or nationality and it didnt trouble me one
bit. Taking a flogger I delivered a moderate lash to his rather well hung cock,
warning him that much more painful ones would follow if he didnt do exactly as
I commanded.

&nbsp;

What I
commanded was my standard enunciation training for submissives, whereby they
are required to repeat a degrading phrase numerous times at an adequate audio
intensity. In this case Igor was required to repeat I am a useless piece of
trash about ten times, and with two crop lashes to his cock interspersed
between. I could have inflicted far greater pain and humiliation upon him, but
in this case I felt it was sufficient.

&nbsp;

After
dismissing the cadets from formation, I assured him that the incident would not
be reported to his employer provided he never set foot upon the academy
premises again. The computer defect had been repaired and was covered by a warranty;
otherwise I would have required him to reimburse the academy for the service
fee. After freeing him from his bonds he once again pulled up his pants, and
then left hastily without saying another word.

&nbsp;

Next on the
order was inflicting punishment upon April for her act of sexual promiscuity.
Noreen and I led her to the basement detention area, where she was ordered to
strip naked. She offered no resistance, and as during the medical examination,
appeared to be not overly uncomfortable displaying her nude body.

&nbsp;

April was
quickly attached to the overhead, with her wrists in leather cuffs, and a bar
hanging from the ceiling. An eighteen inch spreader bar with leather ankle
cuffs kept her uncomfortably spread wide. Mindful of her preference for oral
sex, I felt that a penis gag was appropriate and it was applied. Smilingly I
remarked Dont go anywhere, Ill be right back. She would be left unattended
for a few minutes as Noreen and I headed upstairs, to assure that Headmistress
Cecilia would be restrained for the evening, and not be impeding my cadet
disciplinary techniques.

&nbsp;

Cecilia was
sitting behind her desk appearing rather dejected as Noreen and I entered the office. You will now experience
some dominatrix style bondage yourself, I tersely remarked and ordered her to
follow me to her bedroom. You have no right to this, she pleaded.

&nbsp;

In no
uncertain terms I told her that if she balked or resisted in any way, I would
handcuff, collar and leash her, then put her on display before the cadets. This
was sufficient to induce compliance and the three of us walked to her room.

&nbsp;

My
preference for restrained subs is full nudity, but I must confess that the
thought of a professional woman attired in a business suit and bound securely
to a chair, is quite a turn on for me. The nudity would come later and using
rope I bound her as tightly and uncomfortably as possible, making certain that
her legs were spread back to the maximum point on the chair legs. Satisfied
that she was secure I applied a ball gag, it was not an ideal fit and I warned
her of the consequences should it be removed.

&nbsp;

Before
returning to attend to April in the basement, I checked my Email and found a
letter from a former male sub client of mine. He had moved back to Syracuse
after an absence of a few years, and sought a dominatrix, preferably myself of
course. As I no longer harbor any interest in male subs, willing ones at least,
I referred him to Noreen, who longed for her first male client.

&nbsp;

Noreen could
barely contain her glee when informed of this and she promptly used her
Blackberry to attempt to arrange a session. This would be at my dungeon; I
would allow Noreen to keep the entire session fee, with the full knowledge that
periodic sexual submissive tribute to me was expected.

&nbsp;

After
returning to the basement I found April in visible distress, after all it was
the first time she had been placed in bondage. Rubbing her cunt gently with my
hand, I assured her that the drool from her penis gag was not cause for
embarrassment, and that if she cooperated in the interrogation her position
would be modified to something more comfortable. What I didnt tell her was that
regardless of her cooperation, I planned to subject her to strap on sex as well
as a healthy dose of corporal punishment.

April was
sufficiently forthcoming as I inquired as to her personal history. Born in
Manchester-UK, her mother had fallen in love with an American engineer from a
Rochester based imaging company, sent there on a contract project. When he
returned to Rochester, the mother along with April and a younger brother
followed him there.

&nbsp;

The two were
married when April was ten years old and the marriage lasted about two years.
The mother and the two children remained in Rochester and ultimately became
dual US/UK citizens. Despite the fact that her mother was a teacher, April was
not academically inclined and at about age fourteen began indulging in
marihuana, cocaine and alcohol. By the time she was seventeen she had acquired
fake ID, allowing her to purchase alcohol.

&nbsp;

Her sexual
relationships with peer males were limited, with April being quite
self-conscious about her weight. However she had few inhibitions about adult
males and began a series of affairs, the most recent one being with the teacher
that ended with both being busted for drugs, and her being sent to the academy.
Suffice to say she was not sexually inexperienced, this included anal play. I
found this rather disappointing as shattering the anal virginity of a sub is
highly gratifying.

&nbsp;

What I found
most troubling was Aprils willingness to resort to blackmail to perpetuate her
affairs. She threatened to report her lovers to their wives or in the most
recent case with the teacher, to the school authorities. Indeed she was a
manipulative bitch, however submissive she might be. Unfortunately for her I
despise blackmailers and have some very creative ways of punishing them.

&nbsp;

With the
interview completed, April was taken by surprise when I reapplied the penis
gag. After all I had told her that I would modify her restraint. It is time
for you too experience the joy of strap on sex with another female, I
announced as I fitted my harness and toy into place. Her demeanor was clearly
apprehensive, but she seemed resigned to the intruder. From the tenor of my
interview, she must have expected lesbian sex was forthcoming.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Forcing sex
on a truly unwilling female is a pleasure that is a rarity. It requires a bona
fide abduction, such as had been perpetrated upon Kelly. The sub, restrained
and gagged, fights desperately to suppress the erotic torment as the intruder
is thrust repeatedly into her, knowing that to display this torment will
pleasure her captor immeasurably. Invariably this resistance fails and she
experiences orgasm.

&nbsp;

April was
taken vaginally as we stood face to face, the overhead and lower spreader bars
held her tightly in an X frame. She made no attempt to suppress her eroticism
and I found the sounds made through her gag to be most pleasing. Rarely do I
perform sex upon a sub who is not gagged, to do so would greatly diminish my
pleasure.

&nbsp;

After nearly
five minutes of unrelenting thrusting at various intensities, I ceased and in a
not so gentle manner I twisted both of her nipples simultaneously, causing her
to shriek in pain. I concluded that forced sex alone would not break her, but
that heavy doses of corporal punishment offered the best hope for success. This
would come later.

&nbsp;

For
practical purposes I was now running the academy, and with the Headmistress
securely bound to a chair in her bedroom, I was free to inflict whatever
depravities I saw fit, both upon April and the other cadets. If any of the
academy assistants dared to protest I was prepared to subject them to various
bondage punishments, Noreen and I were fully capable of subduing them. With the
support of the Chair of the Board of Directors, I was confident I could act
with impunity this weekend.

&nbsp;

Having
indicted earlier that I would modify Aprils restraint, I removed her from the
overhead and allowed her to put on underwear before placing her in the
adjoining isolation cell. In situations like this nudity is my preference, but
academy protocol cant be completely ignored. A rumor was circulating that one
of the more conservative board members might be making a surprise visit. Heeding
my earlier instructions, she did not speak a word. She would spend most of the
weekend in the cell and would be monitored via CCTV.

&nbsp;

The CCTV
serves as a valuable safety feature. When submissives are placed in strict
bondage for the first time, the possibility always exists for some type of
adverse medical reaction. Better safe than sorry, an incident such as a suicide
would put the academy out of business in short order.

&nbsp;

Aside from
the safety value, the CCTV enables continued training of the sub while she is
still confined to her cell. In addition to the video system it has two way
audio capabilities. These permit the sub to be addressed remotely by a person
the sub can hear but not see. Periodically during the evening April would be
ordered over the audio to stand at attention or some other command, failure to
comply would result in being forced to stand with her wrists cuffed to ceiling
hooks for the whole night.

&nbsp;

Satisfied
that April was secure for the night it was time to turn my attention to other
matters, not the least of which was personal bondage for Headmistress Cecilia.

&nbsp;

END PART 65

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Dave
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  340
  2007-07-27T00:08:00Z
  2007-07-27T00:08:00Z
  11
  1724
  9828
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  81
  23
  11529
  12.00
 
 
  
  
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MEMORIES OF
LONG TALL MARY Part 66

by Long Tall
Mary

&nbsp;

By the time
I had completed Aprils discipline session, the rest of the cadets were occupied
at their punitive work detail, supervised by Noreen and the two female academy
weekend staffers. I smiled as one cadet loaded a wheel barrow with dirt, then
another cadet would push the wheel barrow a short distance before unloading it.
Before the evening was over the hole in the ground would be filled in again. A
marvelous make work project!

&nbsp;

Especially
delightful was watching Lydia carrying the ball and chain at the same time she
pushed the wheel barrow, a most arduous task. It would have been much easier for her to
simply dig, but she was being punished for insulting a staffer and deserved no
respite. Fortunately for Lydia I only had one ball and chain. Initially I
intended for her to wear it for the entire upcoming week, but that was before
April was caught having sex. As a result Lydia would be spared the ball and
chain, I would think of a suitable substitute punishment for her.

&nbsp;

It was
reassuring to find that the two weekend staffers were quite diligent in
performing their duties. They were attired in uniforms consisting of dark blue
slacks, matching cap, coupled with a white blouse and short tie. This change in
uniform had been decreed by me, well actually I suggested it to the Chair of
the Board of Directors, and he adopted it without question. Previously no
specific uniform was mandated for staff and this was simply not appropriate for
an academy that was essentially a prison.

&nbsp;

Satisfied
that the work detail was being adequately supervised, Noreen and I returned to
the headmistress quarters. My plan was to subject Cecilia to some forced sex
before leaving her tied to the bed for the night. Then Noreen and I would enjoy
a few drinks, watch some porn DVDs, and sleep together in the guest bedroom.
Noreen was elated that she had scheduled a session with her first male sub, and
this helped overcome her reluctance to engage in lesbian sex.

&nbsp;

First off I
called Lorraine, who was babysitting for Felicia and Kelly at my home.
Felicias behavior had been exemplary and she was on modified restraint, in
that a twelve foot chain was connected to a metal collar she was wearing. This
enabled her some freedom of movement in the guest bedroom and was certainly
preferable to being locked in the cage. She was looking forward to beginning
her jail sentence on Wednesday.

&nbsp;

The report
on Kelly was not as favorable. She was scheduled to be acquired by the lesbian
biker gang early in the week, and her attitude continued to be one of defiance.
When Lorraine removed her gag to speak with her, Kelly spewed invectives. As a
result she was kept spread-eagled to the mattress springs with a cervical
posture collar for added discomfort. Rather than being escorted to the bathroom
she would be provided a bedpan. Lorraine suggested a bull whipping might be
appropriate for her, but I am reluctant to have a sub with excessive whip marks
when they are first acquired by their new owner. Instead Lorraine limited
herself to using nipple and crotch clamps on the bitch.

&nbsp;

Next I
called Patti, the manager of my downtown Syracuse bar, for a routine check on
the state of affairs. It seems that a known drug dealer, whom I had banned
about two years ago, had patronized the bar. I instructed Patti that if he
attempted to do so again, not to challenge him and that I would deal with the
matter as soon as I returned. While drug dealers are ubiquitous on the bar
scene, I make every effort to keep them from frequenting my establishment. It
may be associated with bondage, but I dont want my bar to acquire a reputation
as one where drug deals go down.

&nbsp;

Now it was
time to deal with Cecilia, who was bound rigidly to the chair with her ball gag
still in place. I had her tied at maximal tightness primarily to assure maximal
discomfort, and to remove any thoughts she might have of trying to escape. Many
dominatrixs restrain their subs in a comfy manner, assuming they have no wish
to escape. Such is not my style.

&nbsp;

Fortunately because of my relationship with
the Board of Directors Chair, also the CEO, I was privy to some information
that could be used to manipulate Cecilia. She stood to gain a five thousand
dollar merit pay award if the results of a forthcoming performance review were
favorable. The CEO confided to me that her yearly salary was nearly seventy
thousand dollars, in addition to various fringe benefits. It was unlikely she would jeopardize her
lucrative managerial position by complaining about my activities

&nbsp;

With Cecilia
still gagged and unable to respond, I delivered a speech which laid down the
law. I let it be known that her pay increase would be heavily dependent upon my
evaluation of her willingness to implement the disciplinary program. Of course
this was not the case, but Ive never hesitated to use chicanery to advance my
goals. In this case the goal was to discourage any thought by Cecilia of
complaining to anyone of my subjecting her to bondage, as well as some of the
other features of the cadet program. It was made clear to her that she was
being punished primarily for exhibiting persistent rudeness towards Noreen and me.

&nbsp;

On an
earlier visit to the academy I had introduced Cecilia to lesbian sex by forcing
her to engage in deep mouth kissing and using her tongue to pleasure me both
vaginally and anally. Her reaction, while hardly ecstatic at least indicated a
modest degree of submissive curiosity. This session had been very brief, and
she was neither restrained nor nude. The current session would be much
different in that it was intended to be painfully humiliating including full nudity
and overnight restraint.

&nbsp;

Before
freeing Cecilia from her chair restraint, I removed her rather loose fitting
ball gag and replaced it with a pair of my soiled panties, at least one pair of
which I always carry in my jobber bag. These should keep you quiet and Im
certain you enjoy my taste, I chortled as I stood back to admire my handwork.
She was ordered to undress and reluctantly complied, the alternative was being
forcibly undressed and I explained if that were necessary she could expect
additional punishment of a type I did not specify.

&nbsp;

Cecilias
bed consisted of an inexpensive one person model, so small as to make it
difficult to place someone in a wide spread eagle. Using leather cuffs I
attached her wrists to the far end of each side. Leather cuffs were placed on
each ankle and they would be attached to the bed after the strap intrusions
were complete, the panty gag stayed in place for the time being. She was then
left lying in the modified spread eagled position for about five minutes, giving
her time to contemplate the impending lesbian rape.

&nbsp;

Noreen had
been delegated this task and while I know she had little enthusiasm for it, it
was better her than me, as I am simply not into pounding a strap on into a
fifty something, hormonally challenged, spinster. For her performance Noreen
was attired in a black fishnet outfit with her strap on consisting of a dark
blue, single headed, ten inch polyurethane intruder.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The panty
gag, in addition to obvious discomfort and humiliation, spared us the ordeal of
listening to any pleas of mercy from Cecilia, not that they wouldnt have been
promptly discouraged by flogging. Noreen applied a generous quantity of KY oil,
both to the intruder head and to Cecilias cunt anatomy. All indications were
that the cunt was tight from lack of use; normally this will result in far more
pain upon penetration even with the best of lubrication. Providing a pain free
rape for Cecilia was exactly the opposite of what I intended.

&nbsp;

Noreens
cunt penetrations were slow and methodical, as she did her best to detach
herself from the unpleasant realty of forced geriatric sex. For her part
Cecilia displayed little sign of sexual arousal with the sounds escaping
through the panty gag, being more of respiratory necessity than pleasure. In contrast when I had engaged in kissing
with Cecilia about two weeks ago, she had been more receptive and seemed to be
modestly enjoying the play. 

&nbsp;

After about
five minutes of thrusting, Noreen removed the strap on from her harness and
proceeded to the finale. This consisted of baring her own pussy and kneeling
above and facing Cecilias head. The panties were removed from her mouth and
Cecilia was commanded to lick Noreens pussy in a most vigorous manner, if
performed satisfactory she would be spared the more unpleasant task of servicing
Noreens asshole.

&nbsp;

Such a
threat usually suffices and this case was no exception. Feigning moaning and
orgasm was by far a greater challenge for Noreen than Cecilias performance.
After another five minutes or so of pleasuring her dominatrix, Cecilia was
relieved of any further oral requirements for the evening. This included
speaking, and to assure compliance I fitted her with a plastic funnel type gag
attached to a head harness, allowing her to breath adequately for the night
while still providing considerable discomfort. To complete her confinement I
attached her leather ankle cuffs to the opposite lower ends of the bed, leaving
her in a rather loose spread eagle. She would spend the rest of the night so
restrained

&nbsp;

It was now
time to enjoy some drinks and porno viewing with Noreen before bedding down
with her for the night. But Noreen claimed that a volatile domestic situation
had developed with one of her grown children, who lived about twenty miles
away, that required her presence. She pleaded with me to allow her to respond
the residence, with a promise that she would return to the academy by 7:00AM to
assist me with the morning regimen. Reluctantly I granted her request, knowing
full well it was contrived to avoid sleeping with me

&nbsp;

My initial
plan had been for April to spend the night alone in the isolation cell,
monitored periodically by CCTV. Now with the guest bedroom to myself I decided
transferring April to it would enable me to observe her continuously. The
thought of a little sex with her entered into my mind as well, but I didnt
wish to push my luck too far, and was content to just have her confined in the
same room with me.

&nbsp;

I went to
the isolation cell and broke the news to April, her reaction was hardly
exuberant, as Im certain she believed that more forced sex awaited her. After
escorting her to the bedroom I allowed her to change from her athletic uniform
into a nightie, after which a leather collar was padlocked into place around
her neck. An exposed radiator pipe served as an anchor for a six feet chain
which was in turn padlocked to a loop on the collar.

&nbsp;

With my
feelings towards April being temporarily charitable, I allowed her the comfort
of sleeping on the carpeted floor along with a pillow and small quilt. As a
test of her attitude I made her kneel on the floor with her wrists locked
behind her head for about five minutes. During this period she was required to
enunciate various phrases expressing her penitence, as well as gratitude for my
kindness. For added good measure I put her in one of my overnighter leather
restraining belts with attached wrist cuffs. It really wasnt necessary as the
six foot chain assured she could barely stand up and that I was beyond her reach.

&nbsp;

After taking
one of my prescribed downers I quickly fell asleep, certainly a night that
would be more enjoyable than April, or Cecilia in the adjoining bedroom, would
experience.

&nbsp;

END PART 66

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Dave
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  305
  2007-08-03T23:40:00Z
  2007-08-03T23:40:00Z
  9
  1726
  9843
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  82
  23
  11546
  12.00
 
 
  
  
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MEMORIES OF
LONG TALL MARY Part 67

by Long Tall
Mary

&nbsp;

6:00AM came
around quickly, but it was a good nights sleep. Upon awakening I first went to
Cecilias bedroom and freed her from the restraints. I offered to bury the
hatchet, so to say, if she treated Noreen and I with proper respect in the
future. In addition no one else would ever find out about her forced bondage.
She was somewhat less than convincing in her response that she would, and it
remained to be seen if she would fulfill her promise.

&nbsp;

Next I freed
April from her collar chain restraint, and she was permitted to dress in the
academy athletic uniform. To this was added the ball and chain device that
Lydia had been wearing for the past week. April would wear it every minute of
the day, whether in class, in the hall or elsewhere. To meet the physical
exercise requirements of the academy she would be allowed to run in place,
instead of around a track. In addition she would be required to work on the
dirt hauling project, while the ball and chain would slow her and make the task
more strenuous, but it wouldnt prevent her from pushing the wheel barrow.
Later in the morning she would be caned in the presence of the other cadets, as
punishment for having sex with the computer repairman.

&nbsp;

Noreen arrived
as promised at 7:00AM looking worn and haggard, perhaps she really had a
difficult night dealing with her daughter and son-in-law. I had instructed Cecilia to apologize to her personally
for past indiscretions, and this clearly took Noreen by surprise. Noreens
reaction was less than overwhelming, in addition to her family problems, she
was no doubt preoccupied with the male sub session, scheduled for Monday at my
dungeon.

&nbsp;

April would
be allowed to mingle and reside in the dormitory with the other cadets. I still
had plans to subject her to caning in front of the other cadets for her sexual
misconduct, but that would be kept from her until immediately before it was
inflicted, sometime before 11:00, which was the time I planned to leave.

&nbsp;

Noreen and I
decided to eat breakfast in the cafeteria, unlike Cecilia, who was entitled to
private room service. We had been sitting for about ten minutes when Cecilia
entered the cafeteria, with a visibly worried look about her. Cecilia informed
us that she had just received a call that Valerie Smith, a member of the board
of directors, was arriving within the next thirty minutes for a surprise
inspection of the academy.

&nbsp;

Given Ms. Smiths
philosophical leanings, a storm was imminent. For years she had been an upper echelon
staff member at the United Nation, and upon leaving that service had landed a
position with a lobbying firm with a clientele consisting largely of foreign
corporations. She had also become something of a human rights advocate, and was
a board member of an international human rights watch group.

&nbsp;

Of great
interest to me was the report that the 50 something divorcee was engaged in an
extra marital affair with a prominent New York City politician, who was rumored
to have aspirations for statewide elected office. The rumor was that he would
divorce his wife and marry his paramour, making her the beneficiary of the many
material rewards inherent in the office. Unfortunately for candidate X, he is
Jewish, and some clients of Ms. Smiths company were connected to foreign
governments considered hostile to Israel. Public knowledge of this affair would
be ruinous to his chances of election.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Fortunately
I had been warned about Ms. Smiths character earlier, by the CEO; suffice to
say that mutual ill will existed between them. I assured Cecilia I would be
able to handle the bitch, but it did little to calm the beleaguered
headmistress. No sooner had I finished my little prep talk than did the black
Hummer, with Ms. Smith the sole occupant, pull into the parking lot. I ordered
Noreen to go prepare the cadets and staff for the occasion, Cecilia and myself
headed outside to greet the unwelcome visitor.

&nbsp;

This was the
first time I had seen Ms. Smith in person, and intuitively disliked what I saw,
not withstanding what I already knew about her. She was somewhat petite, being
about 57 tall, and dressed rather casually, but neatly in a conservative
length white skirt, a white blouse and a pink sweater. She was only of average endowment
figure wise, and was heavily made up, exuding the demeanor of the typical pompous
and overbearing intellectual. Before even introducing herself she issued her
first command, summoning someone to carry her luggage into the guest room, as
she intended to stay overnight.

&nbsp;

Cecilia
acquiesced to this request, using her push to talk cell to have a staffer
comply. This done, Cecilia introduced both of us, referring to me as Miss
Cusimano, I should mention that I detest being addressed as such. Oh youre
the dominatrix who owns a gin mill in downtown Syracuse was Smiths reply.
While I certainly am a dominatrix, I resent my bar being referred to as a gin
mill, as it is highly regarded locally, as much for the good food as well as
drinks. It even rated five stars by the restaurant critic for the
Post-Standard.

&nbsp;

I then made
my first assertion of dominance by suggesting Smith accompany me to the guest
bedroom, where she would be stripped, hogtied and subjected to lesbian sex.
This is an outrage she angrily retorted, How dare you have the audacity to
make such a licentious advance to a superior-I can assure you your days as a
contract employee here are numbered. Cecilia was aghast, but I was unfazed.

At this time
I sprung my knowledge of Smiths covert relationship with Candidate X, as well
as the name of the psychiatrist whom she was seeing. The bitch was stopped cold
in her tracks! It was beyond her imagination that anyone had access to such adverse
information. She apparently did not suspect the CEO as being the source, indeed
this was a tribute to his formidable resources.

&nbsp;

At that
instant Cadet Andrea, arrived having been summoned to serve as bellhop for the
visitor. She assumed a position of attention before reciting Cadet Andrea
reporting as ordered. Your services will not be needed at this time, you may
return to the building, I announced. Ms. Smith was seething with rage, her
distress over my being privy to her personal secrets compounded by having her
lodging plans cancelled.

&nbsp;

If you
persist in attempting to have either Cecilia or myself terminated, or if you in
any way undermine the cadet discipline program, I will not hesitate to cause
this information to become public, I announced after Andrea had departed. Smith
was further informed she could conduct a brief supervised inspection of the
academy, under my supervision of course, before departing. Her stay would be limited
to no more than two hours.

&nbsp;

It was
indeed a pleasure to accompany Ms. Smith on her tour. My presence assured that
the questions asked of the cadets were only superficial, and that there would
be no probing for evidence of abuse. Likewise the cadets would be inhibited from
volunteering such allegation.

&nbsp;

The tour
lasted just fifteen minutes short of the two hour maximum. Attempts to extract
incriminating admissions from the cadets and staff met with failure. In
fairness they had been prepped in advance not to answer the questions
truthfully, having been forewarned that Smith intended to employ much more
intrusive surveillance systems coupled with increased punishments.

&nbsp;

This of course was only partially true, Smith
desired the surveillance systems primarily to detect staff misconduct, if
anything the cadets would be punished even more leniently, if punished at all,
than prior to my employment at the academy. The deception was successfully
foisted upon all concerned and none provided incriminating statements.

&nbsp;

In one
hilarious interchange, April insisted that she deserved to be caned, as well as
wearing the ball and chain as punishment for her brief sexual dalliance with
the computer repair asshole. She commended Disciplinary Headmistress Mary as a fair
and balanced behavioral specialist. April was obviously was trying to curry
favor with me, reasoning correctly that I was the defacto commander at the
academy. Ms. Smith, being the snooty bitch she is, replied curtly fair and
balanced like Fox News.

&nbsp;

Smith was
deeply upset not to have uncovered any of the more sensitive activities that
had recently transpired amongst the cadets. I assured her that her surveillance
equipment plans, while extremely effective, were not needed due to adequate systems
already in place.

&nbsp;

In
exasperation before completing her tour, Smith decreed that all future
incidents of cadet misconduct be reported to her personally via Email within an
hour of its occurrence, along with the identities of the cadets and staffers,
as well as detailed reports as to the allegations. I bluntly told Ms. Smith
that we would comply with such an order, only if received in writing from the
CEO, something that wasnt going to happen. Showing her contempt for our
operation, Smith departed abruptly, talking on her cell as she drove away in
her hummer. Cecilia was fearful we would be hit with special orders from the
CEO. I again assured Cecilia that the CEO and all the remaining board members
were on our side; Smith was the dissenter and did not have the influence to implement
the changes she desired.

&nbsp;

It was
certainly a hectic but gratifying way to end Saturday morning. Cecilia and the
staffers were uniform in their praise for the manner in which I handled the
situation. Cadets April and Andrea both expressed their appreciation as well.
In a rare act of benevolence I commuted a portion of Aprils sentence, in that
she still had to perform with the work detail, but was now permitted to do so
without the dreaded ball and chain.

&nbsp;

One portion
that I did not commute was the public caning. With Ms. Smith departed April was
led to a railing adjacent to the dormitory door, and Noreen bound her wrists to
the lower rung, leaving her upper body bending down, and ass protruding
upwards. Her shorts and underwear were removed and I took position behind her,
my rattan in hand. I couldnt help but notice that the rope work was less than
adequate, and April could have escaped without much difficulty had she so
desired. Rather than humiliate Noreen publicly, I would take the matter up with
her at a later time

&nbsp;

Positioning
myself behind April I administered ten strokes of moderate-heavy intensity. For
enunciation she was required to sound off after each stroke with Thank you for
being fair and balanced Mistress. To my dismay the caning did not seem to be
overly painful or terrifying, reinforcing my initial opinion that April had
some deep rooted masochistic tendencies. Eventually I would discover a form of
torture, that she could not tolerate, and inflict it upon her to an inordinate
degree.

&nbsp;

With Aprils
caning complete, she was released from her bounds and permitted to participate
in the work detail with the other cadets. I spent about ten minutes issuing
orders to Headmistress Cecilia before departing. I felt that she now realized
that we had mutual interests, with respect to Ms. Smith, and that Cecilia was
finally on board with my cadet discipline program.

&nbsp;

Noreen
departed at the same time I did, she would spend the night at her home in
Cortland County, before arriving at my home Monday for her session with the
male sub. With two slaves confined in my home dungeon, and the pending transfer
of one of them to a new owner, I had some enjoyable challenges to look forward
to.

END PART 67

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Dave
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  218
  2007-08-10T23:47:00Z
  2007-08-10T23:47:00Z
  9
  1412
  8055
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  67
  18
  9449
  12.00
 
 
  
  
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MEMORIES OF
LONG TALL MARY Part 68

by Long Tall
Mary

&nbsp;

It was a
pleasant drive back to Syracuse, with few slow moving vehicles on the two lane
roads, and light traffic on I-81. I switched to the 70s channel on XM Radio to
avoid a glut of surf related music on the 60s channel.

&nbsp;

My first
stop was at my downtown bar to conduct an unannounced inspection. Sunday
afternoon would be busy due to NFL football. Kristen, one of my two full time
waitresses, would be on duty from 10:00AM, and would be joined at 1:00 by Patti,
my bar manager. The old clich While the cat is away, the mouse will play, is
most applicable to Kristen, who has a tendency to work at less than optimal
efficiency, when not under direct supervision.

&nbsp;

Upon
entering the bar precisely at noon, I found that my expectation had been
fulfilled. With the juke box blaring Kristen was dancing by herself on the
dance floor, apparently for the benefit of the four male customers, who were
occupying the adjacent booth. Immediately after seeing me she abruptly halted
her disco act, prompting a round of applause from the customers. Good
afternoon Maam she said, smilingly but nervously.

&nbsp;

Kristen
headed behind the bar, as I briefly exchanged pleasantries with the four
customers. I then confronted my errant waitress, offering her an opportunity to
explain her actions. I was just trying to be friendly with the customers,
maam was her response. She was ordered to report to my home at 7:00PM the next
day, Monday, for unspecified discipline.

&nbsp;

Kristen is
savvy enough to be aware that discipline at my home entails corporal
punishment, not to mention various bondage sex acts. What I didnt tell her was
that I intended for her to perform two or three hours of housecleaning duty,
without pay of course, and if satisfactory she would be released without any
further punishment. Kristen whined in protest, but I stood firm, emphasizing
that if she failed to show, her bar employment was terminated.

&nbsp;

My mansion,
while luxurious, is in perpetual interior disarray. This is in large part due
to my aversion to housecleaning work. I am reluctant to hire a housekeeper,
because of the sensitive activities that so often transpire within. In the past
Felicia has served as a housekeeper, but she has is frequently AWOL, or in
jail.

&nbsp;

Satisfied
that Kristen would agonize over her fate for the next nineteen hours, I left
the bar after less than twenty minutes and headed for Camillus. Lorraine, my
dungeon monitor, had already informed me that her male slave had been there
with her for about two hours.

Kevin fashions himself as masculine, but is
religiously submissive to his femdom, he was a live in with and the property of
Lorraine for several months. He is homophobic and refuses to cross dress. However
at some point he had become incorrigible and Lorraine had shipped him to Master
Joe for forced bondage discipline. Joe is a brutal trainer and his sessions
consist heavily of forced gay sex, combined with painful cbt and extensive body
flagellation. I couldnt wait to see the change in Kevins attitude following
his visit there.

&nbsp;

When I
arrived home Kevin was bound tightly to a chair in the living room. He was
cross dressed; wearing a short black
dress, stockings, heels, an atrocious looking blond wig and was heavily made up.
I assumed he had been dressed that way by Master Joe before being delivered to
my place. Lorraine was all smiles and insisted I watch a training video Joe had
shot of Kevin, but I pleaded lack of time; sometime soon, I promised. I knew
better than to address Kevin, he couldnt speak without permission, and like
most male subs I regard him with contempt, not worthy of speaking to.

&nbsp;

Lorraine
briefed me of the status of my two house guests, Felicia and Kelly. Felicias
behavior had been excellent and I decided to free her from the collar chain
restraint. If nothing else I needed my pussy tongued, having been deprived of
Noreens services the previous night.

&nbsp;

Felicia was allowed to dress in her customary
mini-skirt along with a bikini top. She was restricted to inside the house; all
the doors are electronically looked from both indoors and outdoors, so the
chance of escape is greatly reduced. Realistically, Felicia was in no mood to
escape, as she was looking to beginning her jail sentence on Wednesday and
getting it behind her. I intended to accompany her to court, at which time the five
hundred dollar cash bail I had posted for her, would be returned to me.

&nbsp;

The status
report on Kelly had improved from the previous one, but she still had not
accepted the fact that tomorrow she would become the property of Mother Jugs
lesbian biker gang. Kelly was still spread eagled uncomfortably to the mattress
springs, and I made no attempt to speak with her. Before Lorraine departed, she
injected Kelly with a long acting tranquilizer and with luck it would keep her
sedated and groggy until 10:00 the next morning, this being the scheduled time
of her transfer

&nbsp;

The
remainder of the day was used to catch up on some neglected matters, such as
the chat room I usually host, as well as my continuing research into the stock
market. Kelly was monitored periodically over the CCTV and when I did enter her
room personally, she began pleading with me to reconsider her pending transfer.
I simply ignored her, thinking to myself she should be grateful to me. After
all, she was simply a piece of rural white trash destined to marginal economic
status and dependence upon some male scumbag.

&nbsp;

In the
evening I did watch the NFL football game, and one of my hankerings is to have
my pussy licked while I enjoy the game or chat on the phone. Felicia was more
than willing, but my preference is to bind the subs wrists behind them, attach
a belt around my waist, collar the sub, and then attach a leash from he collar
to the belt, so that the subs face is forced squarely into my cunt. She performed
her duties adequately for nearly forty five minutes before I freed her from the
restraints, and relieved her of the duty.

&nbsp;

By ten
oclock I was ready for sleep and rather than bed Felicia down with me, I
locked her in the empty guest bedroom, where she was not restrained. Soon after
taking a night time prescription sleeping aid, I was able to obtain a quality
nights sleep.

&nbsp;

At 8:00AM I
received a call on my cell from Mother Jugs. There had been a change of plans
regarding Kelly; instead of Jugs taking delivery of her and then transporting
her to Jugs place, this would be done by two of Master Joes associates. They
would arrive at 10:00AM. I was somewhat surprised that Jugs did not care to
view her new acquisition in person, before taking delivery of her.

&nbsp;

Kelly was
gagged to prevent any outbursts before the arrival of her transporters.
Precisely at 10:00, a truck bearing markings of the Happy Ice Company pulled
into the driveway and the two transporters were at my door. I had not seen them
before and they bore a striking resemblance to the Lenny and Squiggy
characters, of Laverne and Shirley fame.

&nbsp;

This was not
the first time I had seen the Happy Ice truck used for slave transport. At the
academy Andreas boy friend, Juan, had come to the academy seeking to free his
girl friend, who had been confined for the weekend. He was overpowered,
restrained and driven away in the refrigerated compartment of the truck.

&nbsp;

Upon
answering the door, Squiggy tersely remarked where is the bitch. I replied
she was in the bedroom, prompting Squiggy to motion to Lenny, who had been
standing in front of the truck. Lenny removed a two wheel shipping dolly from
the rear of the truck and rolled it into the garage.

&nbsp;

The two
thuggish transporters then donned ski masks, and accompanied me to the bedroom,
where Kelly caught her first glimpse of them before Squiggy produced a roll of
duct tape. I derive great pleasure from seeing the terrified expression on a
sub as two masked men approach, one carrying duct tape.

&nbsp;

After removing my ball gag, he wrapped the
tape completely around the lower portion of her head, covering her mouth up to
the nose. They then removed her from the bed restraints, each grabbed her by
one arm, and she was led out to the garage. This enabled her to see the
shipping dolly she would be attached to and could only add to her terror. She
was then placed on the dolly facing forward. Squiggy used three rolls of duct
tape to meticulously bind her arms, wrists, upper torso, legs, thighs and
ankles, to the cart. Little remained of her body, below the neck, that wasnt
covered with tape. I had fitted Kelly with a loose fitting, black sleeveless
house dress earlier. Even a slave being transported in a refrigerated truck
deserves a modicum of dignity and it would ease the pain somewhat when it came
time to remove the tape.

&nbsp;

Squiggy
completed his work by wrapping another half roll of tape around her head at eye
level, leaving only a small hole for her nose to protrude from. Lenny then
wheeled the dolly from the garage and up the ramp to the storage compartment of
the ice truck. The dolly was secured to a wall mount with additional tape,
preventing it from being tipped. The door was then slammed shut and locked.

&nbsp;

As is
customary, Master Joes transporters were swift and efficient at securing their
cargo. Likewise, both had few words to say to me, not even any type of small
talk, before the truck pulled forward out of the driveway carrying Kelly to her
new home.

&nbsp;

END PART 68

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Dave
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  174
  2007-08-19T16:11:00Z
  2007-08-19T16:11:00Z
  9
  1779
  10142
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  84
  23
  11898
  12.00
 
 
  
  
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MEMORIES OF
LONG TALL MARY Part 69

by Long Tall
Mary

&nbsp;

It was a
welcome relief to be rid of Kelly, and two days later Felicia would be gone as
well. I let her smoke some pot and have a few drinks, she had been in punitive
restraint for several days, and on Wednesday her jail sentence would begin. It
seemed only fitting to allow her a day or so of pleasure.

&nbsp;

Noreens
scheduled session with her male submissive was rescheduled, at his request,
until Thursday. However I sense that the sub was having second thoughts over a
new dominatrix. Despite his proven past loyalty to me as a dominatrix, I wasnt
about to take him back, nor could I foresee any willing male subs in my future.

&nbsp;

When Felicia
learned that Kristen was arriving in the evening, she begged me to be allowed
to take some sexual liberties with her. I sternly informed her that was out of
the question, Kristens sole purpose was housecleaning, and if Felicia made any
advance towards her, she would be locked in the basement cage until Wednesday

&nbsp;

Kristen arrived
precisely at 7:00 and was attired attractively in a black mini-skirt and tight
fitting white pullover sweater, complimented by trendy heels. She is well aware
of my strict insistence upon punctuality and attire, and no doubt assumed that
meeting these expectations, would somehow mitigate her punishments. She was
quite surprised, to say the least, when I ordered her to change into a maids
uniform, and announced she would be spared physical punishment if her housework
met my impeccable standards. After two and a half hours of diligent toiling,
these standards were met, and I kept my word and released her without any
further punishment.

&nbsp;

Wednesday
morning arrived soon enough, with Felicias sentencing scheduled at 1:00 in the
afternoon. I had already decided that her courtroom attire would consist of one
of the orange jumpsuits I had lying around the dungeon. It was just a way of
expressing contempt for the system, as she would be dressed in a jump suit one
way or the other, for transport from court to jail. Felicia thought it was a
great idea, as well.

&nbsp;

I simply
wasnt prepared for what was to transpire in the courtroom. Originally the plea
deal had been that she would serve her ninety day jail sentence in a
neighboring county. This was to avoid contact with the CO at Jamesville, whom
she had threatened, and who logically could be expected to seek revenge upon
Felicia.

&nbsp;

When Felicia
arrived in court, her lawyer took her into a conference room, and broke some
bad news. The part of the deal about serving the sentence in a neighboring
county was rescinded for reasons not fully made clear, meaning she would have
to spend her ninety days in Jamesville. This precipitated a tirade by Felicia
and she burst into the courtroom yelling obscenities at the judge, prosecutor
and everyone else.

&nbsp;

She was
promptly subdued by the court deputies, and shackled hand and foot before being
taken to a holding cell. I didnt wait around for the formality of seeing her
sentenced, but before leaving I was able to have my five hundred dollars in
bail returned to me. I had little doubt that Felicia would serve the full
ninety days, in the past she has forfeited good time and doesnt favorably
impress parole boards.

It was a
short drive to my tavern and I looked forward to being able to devote some time
to the business, after having been forced to monitor subs confined in my
dungeon as well as business at the academy. However this was not to be the
case, as within five minutes of my arrival I received an urgent call from the
CEO of academy board of directors.

&nbsp;

The cadets
were engaged in a strike and refusing to leave their dormitory. He believed
that it was precipitated by the weekend visit of Valerie Smith, the maverick
board member. Headmistress Cecilia had called the CEO in desperation, requesting
assistance. Her staffers had taken steps to prevent any escape by the cadets,
but had refrained from any forceful action to remove them from the dormitory.
The CEO requested my immediate assistance, should word of this strike reach the
news media, an unwelcome expose of life at the academy was certain to follow.

&nbsp;

I assured
the CEO I would be at the academy within two hours, but first I had to return
to my home to retrieve some equipment. On route I contacted Noreen who agreed
to respond immediately as well, she would wait just outside the academy until
my arrival, so we could enter together. A call to Cecilia revealed desperation
on her part, and I did my best to assure her that I would quell the
insurrection in short order. She also indicated that April was the suspected
ringleader.

&nbsp;

Previously I
had arranged for Cadet Andrea to be temporarily committed to a Syracuse area
psychiatric facility, after she feigned suicide. The commitment was facilitated
by the fact that fellow dominatrix Lorraine, is a nurse at the facility. So
while on route I placed a call to Lorraine, in the event it might be desirous
to have April committed. Fortunately Lorraine was the charge nurse for the day,
and she assured me that the supervising psychiatrist had previously had
sessions with her as a male submissive, giving her tremendous influence over
him.

When Noreen
and I arrived at the academy, we were met in the parking lot by a clearly
bewildered headmistress. The eighteen cadets were still refusing to leave their
dormitory, and April was attempting to present a list of demands, including an
end to the punitive work details. On the advice of the CEO, Cecilia had refused
to address any of the demands.

&nbsp;

While
driving, I had already formulated my plan for quelling the insurrection.
Unfortunately I didnt have a sufficient number of leather or metal cuffs, so
plastic ones would have to do. Using rope to bind that many cadets is a most
arduous task. Both Noreen and I were dressed in two piece black leather
outfits, and you should have seen the look of surprise and fear, especially
April, when we both entered the dormitory, accompanied by Cecilia and five
other female academy staffers.

&nbsp;

I had taken
the liberty of conspicuously wearing a stun gun on a holster, strapped around
my waist. In all likelihood it wouldnt be needed but the deterrence effect was
significant. The cadets, all of whom were seated, were ordered to their feet.
Noreen and I methodically used plastic cuffs on each cadet, one set to bind
their wrists in the front, the other to bind the ankles together. Having their
wrists bound in front was in no way designed for comfort, as they would soon
learn.

&nbsp;

What was
surprising was the absence of any verbal protests from anyone, and especially
from April, whom I expected would recite some manifesto. The cadets were then
ordered to walk single file, however hobbled to the gymnasium in the adjoining
building. The gymnasium is equipped with two exercise ladders, mounted at
ceiling level, it is designed as an endurance test in that the cadet must pull
herself on the rungs from end of the ladder and back within a specified time
period.

&nbsp;

The ladder
rungs served as an excellent means of attaching the cadets arms over their
heads, fully extended, using another connector. They were arranged standing
back to back, about five feet apart, and I had brought along enough leather
belts to bind each twosome together, encircling the belts below their boobs. It
was just enough to have a mild erotic effect, but their restraints prevented
anything more intimate. To prevent any chit chat I used two strips of black
duct tape over the mouth of each cadet.

&nbsp;

With the
exception of April the cadets would remain standing, uncomfortably bound and
gagged, for hours. Endurance bondage is an excellent means of wearing down the
resistance of the most rebellious submissive. For April, my plans were to have
her committed to the psychiatric hospital near Syracuse. Rather than transport
her restrained in my van or an academy vehicle, I had made arrangements for a private
ambulance from Ithaca to handle the transport. The official diagnosis, made by
Dr. Yen at the hospital, was extreme agitation with suicidal tendencies.

&nbsp;

The academy
nurse did her part to prepare April for transport, by injecting her with a
sedative drug that would leave her very groggy, and nearly incoherent.
Hopefully this would prevent her from relating any tales of abuse while in the
back of the ambulance. While awaiting arrival of the ambulance, I permitted
April to sit on the couch in Cecilias office, bound hand and foot like the
other cadets, but without the gag.

&nbsp;

I greeted
the ambulance when it arrived in the parking lot and went over the protocol for
the run. Denise, the EMT who would be riding with me in the rear, was a
pleasant enough petite blond, a pre-med student at the university in Ithaca,
who worked part time for the ambulance service. She did impress me as rather
inquisitive and it was important to minimize details of life at the academy.


It was agreed that April would be walked out to the ambulance, secured to the
stretcher with leather cuffs, and given a cursory assessment. She was fully clothed in her academy dress
uniform, blouse, sweater and skirt. This was done without incident and the fact
that she was groggy from the sedatives, made her quite manageable. Dr. Yen had
issued orders for an airway tube to be inserted in Aprils mouth, the medical
justification being that she was prone to bite her tongue during periods of
agitation. Denise commented that she had never heard of such a justification,
but acquiesced to the order, thus sparing me the fear that April would reveal
some embarrassing information during the trip.

&nbsp;

It was
agreed that Noreen would remain at the academy and supervise the physically
restrained cadets, until my return. An academy staffer would pick me up at the
hospital when I finished there, and return me to the academy, at which time the
cadets would likely be persuaded to end their rebellion. April would be
remaining at the hospital for minimum of three days, under the personal
supervision of Dr. Yen and Charge Nurse Lorraine.

&nbsp;

As the
ambulance drove off I pretended to show my show my concern for Aprils welfare,
by patting her on the forehead and assuring her that everything would be all
right. Were it not for the presence of the EMT, April would be using her tongue
to pleasure my mouth and asshole. I consoled myself, knowing that she would be
undergoing a brutal therapy session with Lorraine and Dr. Yen, and when she was
discharged from the hospital I would have my own punitive session with her.

&nbsp;

Denise must
have realized that I was a dominatrix, but prudently refrained from discussing that
topic. I told her that I had a degree in psychology and worked as a behavioral
consultant to various individuals and organizations. Hoping to direct the
conversation away from my professional qualifications, I mentioned that I owned
a bar in downtown Syracuse, and that was my primary occupation.

&nbsp;

It turned
out that Denise is a bar rat, not just in Ithaca but in Syracuse as well, and
had heard of my establishment. She stressed that it was noted for quality food
and made no reference as to the repute of any of the clientele. I suggested she
pay a visit to the bar and have a complimentary meal and drink, and even gave
her my cell number. My intentions werent completely charitable. Somehow I
sensed that Denise might be a latent submissive who could be seduced, but even
if that were not the case, it never hurts to incur the good will of someone who
might see or hear something that could prove damaging. The academy had plenty
of potential in that respect.

&nbsp;

Denise and I
continued chatting about bars for almost the entire trip. As much as it pained
me to not be able to molest April in the ambulance, I would soon be able to
witness her admission at the hospital, before returning to the academy and
dealing with the rebellious cadets.

&nbsp;

END PART 69

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;













MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 70
by Long Tall Mary

April had spent the whole trip in silence, with the airway gag effectively preventing any intelligible speech by her. It was just as well, as the sedative was wearing off, and she probably would have liked to voice some negative sentiments. To heighten her distress I covered her with a cloth blindfold for the last half hour of the trip. This was partly to test Denise, to see if the EMT would protest this rather unusual action, but she made no comment.

As the ambulance pulled up to the hospital ambulance entrance, Lorraine was standing outside, having been notified by me about fifteen minutes ago by phone of our arrival time. Even wearing her white nurse uniform along with a dark blue sweater, she looked every bit as mean and intimidating, as when she was attired in her dominatrix attire. Actually that is not an accurate characterization, as her customary dominatrix attire, is sweat pants and sweat shirt. At least in uniform she appeared more professional.

The ambulance driver, a geekish looking adolescent type, entered the patient compartment without saying a word, and I ignored him completely. Denise removed the wrist and ankle restraints from April and I assisted her in exiting the ambulance. The airway gag remained in place for the time being. Lorraine directed the ambulance crew to leave immediately and took hold of April by the arm, leading her inside the hospital.

The agreement was that I could observe the admissions and evaluation procedure for thirty minutes, at which time I would depart for the academy. I took a brief break to call Noreen for an assessment of the cadet situation there. She replied that the bound and gagged cadets were straining from their forced standing bondage. Realizing that such submissives can endure only so much, I ordered Noreen to take the cadets down from the ladder. They would then be taken individually to the dormitory and bound to their respective beds. The gags would remain in place, and they were to be observed continuously by staff.

April was taken directly to a private room and by the time I entered she had been stripped naked and was undergoing a routine physical examination by Lorraine and Dr. Yen. This consisted of being weighed, measured and finger probes of the vaginal and rectal tracts. The more menial tasks were performed by the doctor, while Lorraine enthusiastically performed the probes herself.

One would expect that the psychiatrist would be more assertive than the nurse when dealing with the patient. In this case it quickly became clear that Lorraine was in charge, not only was Yen submissive sexually, but also in the professional sense. My contempt for male subs is legendary, and it was only strengthened as I observed Lorraine issue one order after another, with the doctor reflexively obeying.
I did not find the doctor, about 30 years old and of apparent Chinese descent, to be sexually appealing. My feelings would have been the same even if I hadn&#8217;t known in advance that he was a submissive. Compounding my disdain for him was that he did not speak fluent English, of all the medical specialties, psychiatry would be the one in which such ability would be most important. He was probably homophobic as well and I&#8217;m certain a session in my dungeon, with a guest visit by a gay male dom, would give me great pleasure.

With the preliminary examination complete, April was allowed to wear panties and a long tee shirt, before being spread-eagled with four leather cuffs to the bed. Lorraine explained it was routine protocol for those at risk for suicide. Of course that diagnosis had been fabricated to justify her admission; the real purpose was to correct her propensity for academy mischief.

 Lorraine assured me, that as the charge nurse, she would personally supervise each therapy session. She was rather pointedly vague as to the specifics of the therapy, but judging from the presence in the room, of a machine with electrodes attached to it, electroshock was one of the modalities.&nbsp; If all went well April would be discharged within three days.

Before leaving for the academy I placed a call to the CEO and assured him that the situation was under control. He did issue one edict; the confinement cages in the basement would have to be removed, they would be sent special delivery to a New York City address. While they had escaped detection by the maverick board member on her recent visit, he expressed fear they might be detected during a surprise future inspection. Considering that the pillory device I had earlier procured for the academy had also been shipped to the CEO, it confirmed my suspicion that he was a personal bondage practitioner. I prudently kept these thoughts to myself.

The drive back to the academy was hardly an enlightening experience. The female staffer assigned to drive me was a clerical employee and not directly involved in supervising the cadets. As I do so often I probed to discern if she had any interest in bondage, her response was that she had read the book Of Human Bondage in high school and found it boring. When I flatly asked if she would enjoy serving another female sexually, she emphatically stated her distaste for such activity. I spent most of the remainder of the trip making cell calls for sundry reasons.

Upon arrival at the academy I consulted with Headmistress Cecilia, who clearly was fearful that the cadet rebellion would result in her being replaced. I assured her that the rebellion would be short lived, and that the CEO was satisfied with her managerial ability, although the later was not true. Personally I was confident that the hospital therapy would modify April&#8217;s behavior for the better, and dealing with the other cadets would not be difficult.

The cadets were still bound to their beds and tape gagged. For nearly five hours they had been in restraint, nearly half of it in a forced standing position and unable to communicate with one another. They would be putty in my hands. I decided that I would interview each one separately in a private room and detect any inconsistencies in their accounts as to who instigated the rebellion, with a little corporal punishment thrown in as well.

Each of the cadets was led to and from the office room by Noreen, after finishing with me they would be sent to a classroom. My preference for corporal punishment has always been with the sub restrained, in this case the ankle bindings and gags were removed by Noreen but their wrists remained bound behind them. As they were attired in their classroom uniforms, I would remove their skirts before administering strokes with the rattan. The interrogation would follow the caning, and their wrist restraints would be removed when the interrogation was complete.

The cadets seemed resigned to their punishment and none offered any protest. Each of the seventeen cadets received six hard strokes on the buttocks, assuring they would have red welts for several days. It was a rare, but very gratifying pleasure to be able to administer one hundred and two strokes in such a short period. The threat of further strokes no doubt influenced the cadets to be truthful during their interrogation. Their individual versions were consistent, in that each implicated April as the instigator.

With the caning and interrogation sessions completed, the cadets were assembled in a classroom, and I addressed them as a group. I didn&#8217;t deem it necessary to solicit Headmistress Cecilia&#8217;s input in advance, such was my opinion of her inferior managerial ability. Basically I decreed that the cadets would receive amnesty, but all liberty for the coming weekend was cancelled. They would all be required to engage in some type of punitive hard labor. However I emphasized that individual attitude assessments would be made, and that those who fared well could expect a reduction of their individual work assignments.

After the cadets were released from the assembly, I spoke with Cecilia for about a half hour. She was given detailed instructions on how to cope with the situation. I emphasized that the CEO would be quite pleased to learn the revolt had ended, and that I would give her due credit for helping to bring about that result. While I had no such intention, it would give her a temporary morale boost and hopefully enable her to prevent a recurrence.

April would remain at the psychiatric facility for evaluation and treatment, upon discharge I would personally transport her back to the academy and decide what punishment was warranted for her. One possibility would be to transfer her to the academy&#8217;s boot camp facility in Massachusetts. While I hadn&#8217;t been there personally my understanding was that it was a short term program, modeled after the shock incarceration concept. This would require parental approval, so I wasn&#8217;t confident that the transfer would materialize.

Satisfied that the situation was under control, both Noreen and departed, I headed back to Syracuse and Noreen to Cortland. On route I discussed the matter by cell with the CEO and he was most appreciative for the manner in which I handled the situation. He did frown upon the possibility of April being transferred to the boot camp, the facility was running at overflow capacity and he doubted the mother would give consent. Cecilia had already informed the mother of the hospitalization, and she seemed rather indifferent to the matter, even though the tuition rate for the boot camp was much higher than the Ithaca area academy.

Once again I arrived at my bar just before 4:30PM for another unannounced inspection. Both Patti and Kristen were on duty, neither appeared to jump for joy at my presence, but at least they were productively occupied. However as luck would have it another problem was developing, an intoxicated slovenly middle aged patron was becoming increasingly loud and hit on two professional women, both of whom are regular customers. Patti assured me that he was not intoxicated upon his arrival, as I have a firm rule against serving such patrons unless I can vouch personally for that person.



I walked up to him, introduced myself as the owner, and told him it was time to leave, as he was bothering my customers. The fact that I was attired in my dominatrix outfit evidently prompted him to respond contemptously, look leather babe, I&#8217;ll leave when I&#8217;m good and ready.


Over the years I&#8217;ve been quite adept at ejecting unruly patrons, and have resorted to such tactics as gluing the customer&#8217;s pants to the bar stool, this assures the pants will rip when the customer is pried off the stool. In this case I decided on a more direct approach. With Patti and Kristen positioned to my rear for back up, I took the slob&#8217;s drink glass and poured the liquid on his head. Before he could react I backhanded him across the face with my hand.

The slob was clearly stunned and his instinctive reaction would be to strike back at me. But Patti and I, with practiced precision, each grabbed one arm, and after opening the door Kristen pushed from his rear allowing us to perform a rather unorthodox ejection, half pulling and half pushing. This resulted in the slob on the sidewalk outside and reeling against a parked car. Evidently he realized the futility of resistance and he quickly disappeared from sight.
Elated by our precision teamwork, the three of us high fived each other. I then took the time to apologize to the two customers for the inconvenience and each received a complimentary drink. My no holds barred approach with unruly patrons, combined with my customer interaction skills, assures me of a loyal clientele. Satisfied that my presence at the bar was no longer needed, I headed for home and a much needed night of solitude.



END PART 70










































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 71
by Long Tall Mary

The fact that for two days I had no submissives to confine was a rather welcome relief. In addition to spending the time catching up on my correspondence, it gave me the opportunity to spend time mixing with the customers at my bar. The force of my personality is such that many customers enjoy my presence and small talk, many of them know I am a dominatrix and no doubt are curious about the lifestyle.

Occasionally just to whet their appetites I will carry a set of handcuffs on my belt or, even a flogger. It is quite interesting to see the looks it evokes, but seldom is there any overt discussion of bondage. I will permit some displays of bondage by some of the customers who are into the lifestyle, but I do try to minimize it. For example a guy might bring his sub girlfriend into the bar on a leash and collar, if he were to do so frequently I would put a stop to it.&nbsp; No corporal activity, such as flogging, is permitted

In the afternoon I received a call from Lorraine, Charge Nurse at the state psychiatric center, that April was ready to be released immediately. Allowing for the nearly ninety minute drive to the academy, I could return her there by&nbsp; 5:00 PM. This meant transporting her alone in my van. The thought of transporting a captive cutie, hogtied and gagged, in the rear of a van is always most titillating. The only disadvantage in this case would be that I would be deprived of the opportunity to personally molest the bitch while in motion.

Within a half hour I arrived at the psychiatric center and was met by Lorraine in her office. She provided a much abbreviated account of April&#8217;s diagnosis and treatment. The diagnosis was malingering and the therapy consisted of administering various drugs interspersed with corporal punishment. A sealed envelope was handed to me containing directions to Headmistress Cecilia regarding future treatment. I quickly took a silent burn to not being made privy to the contents; prudently I did not express my sentiments as Lorraine can become quite vindictive.

Another surprise awaited me. April was secured in a strait jacket along with leather ankle cuffs, connected by a short hobble. I had toted my jobber bag along with me, eager to rope April inside the facility before leading her to the van. She was to be transported in the strait jacket, placed in solitary confinement and wear the device at all times in the cell unless directed by higher authority, meaning the CEO. Only liquid nourishment was allowed.&nbsp; This unusual arrangement had been decreed personally by the CEO, in a telephone call to Lorraine. I seethed with rage at the fact that I had not been consulted. Sensing this, Lorraine tried to reassure me the CEO had indicated he would be most receptive to my input at a later date. I knew better than to attempt to pry details from her.

Any feelings of benevolence I once had for April no longer existed. Her role in instigating the student strike confirmed my opinion that she was an incorrigible troublemaker and accordingly she would feel the full force of my sadistic wrath. With the medical briefing session complete, I attached a collar around her neck and used a leash to lead her to the van. She was quite groggy from the medications and knew better than to attempt any conversation with me.

Once inside the van I used the leash to attach her collar to a bolt on the floor; this assured minimal movement. She was fitted with a full face leather hood, with openings for the mouth and nostrils; her mouth was occupied by a funnel type gag. To provide for her sexual needs I threaded a six inch dildo into her cunt, and positioned the crotch strap of the strait jacket to hold it in place. The vibrate speed was set on low, with sufficient battery life to assure adequate stimulation for the duration of the ninety minute trip.

Numerous cell phone calls occupied a significant portion of my driving time. The first was a call from Mother Jugs complaining about Kelly, the slave she recently acquired from me.&nbsp; She just wasn&#8217;t meeting Jugs expectations, but being a heterosexual female enslaved by a lesbian biker gang requires patience, a quality Jugs sorely lacks. You sometimes have to be forcefully candid when dealing with a customer like Jugs. I told her under no circumstances would I take Kelly back, but that when time permitted I would assist in her training, at the biker compound.&nbsp; This pacified Jugs temporarily, but I knew that my problems were just beginning; I would have been better off never picking up Kelly hitchhiking. 


Headmistress Cecilia was my next caller, pestering me for details on April&#8217;s status. I assured her that I knew little and that she would have to wait until opening the sealed envelope from the psychiatric center. The fact that I had been explicitly told not to open the envelope before reaching the academy was perturbing me greatly. I really couldn&#8217;t blame Cecilia for this, but I would soon take the matter up personally by telephone with the New York City based CEO. Cecilia&#8217;s attitude became less inquisitive and more subservient, after I suggested that a personal bondage session with her might be a good thing, and it would take place later in the evening.

Upon arrival at the academy, and having called ahead, the cadets were assembled in formation in the parking lot. The purpose was so that they witness the harsh manner in which April was being treated, in the hope that it would deter them from any future rebellion. Without removing April&#8217;s hood I roughly removed her from the van and with assistance from Noreen she was placed upright on a two wheel shipping dolly. A wide leather strap attached her to the vertical frame and the blindfold portion of her hood was removed, enabling her to experience the humiliation of knowing she was being observed by her fellow cadets.

With the cadets standing at rigid attention I delivered a brief speech describing April&#8217;s punitive regimen, which would consist of prolonged solitary confinement and corporal punishment. In addition she might be transferred to the academy&#8217;s sister facility in Massachusetts, this being a boot camp type of detention facility.

Satisfied that I had made my point, Noreen was directed to wheel the dolly with April aboard to the freight entrance and to the basement solitary cell via the elevator. I am not a fan of straitjackets and regardless of the CEO&#8217;s wishes, April would not be wearing it on my watch.&nbsp; If the CEO desired otherwise he could find a new associate disciplinary head mistress, something I was confident he wouldn&#8217;t do.

After removing April from the dolly I removed the hood, gag, and straitjacket, leaving the ankle hobbles in place. The trusty alkaline batteries were still causing her vibrator to hum away, so I removed it reasoning that she had experienced enough orgasmic pleasure for the day, and at any rate the vibrator was not included in the CEO&#8217;s regimen. She gave me the most venomous look I&#8217;ve had in a long time. This of course I found most gratifying as the purpose of bondage discipline is not to endear oneself to the sub. The sub&#8217;s animosity towards her dominatrix is my pleasure, one which I savor. 

 I then stripped her down to bra, panties and hose before using leather wrist cuffs to attach her to overhead rungs in the cell. Over the years I have found that this type of forced endurance standing is a very effective means of motivating misbehaving subs. April would remain in this position for several hours, and I slammed the cell door shut without saying a word to her before leaving.

Cecilia&#8217;s fear was palpable as I entered her office and promptly demanded to see the contents of the sealed envelope. To my surprise it contained nothing other than the diagnosis, with no mention of the treatment performed, nor any such recommendations for the future. The nurse at the academy was authorized to administer injections if deemed necessary, but since sedatives are not kept in stock at the dispensary it was of no value.

What was most perplexing was the order to keep April restrained continually in the straitjacket, for an unspecified duration. Straitjackets require expertise to apply which no at the academy possessed, wearing one obviously interferes with feeding and toilet use. I&#8217;ve kept many subs in solitary confinement, they are often collar chained to a floor bolt, but they are never deprived of the use of their hands for an extended period. My holding cell is provided with a bucket for waste discharges, emptying the bucket is a task I delegate to my assistant whenever possible.

A call to the CEO resulted in my perplexity being compounded. The CEO stated he had not issued any orders concerning April&#8217;s punishment, nor was he aware of any issued by anyone at the academy. My sense is that he was being truthful which meant that Lorraine was fabricating orders. She does have a mercurial side to her temperament, for example she might occasionally hang up on me abruptly after a phone chat. I also know she is immersed in studies of the occult, but I could not fathom her current behavior. Eventually I would bring the matter to a head with her. With the straitjacket having been removed April would be kept in solitary confinement for two days, with no additional restraints. A decision would be made at that time on how to deal with her.

Cecilia was greatly relieved to learn this, also to alleviate her high anxiety, I informed her that I was cancelling my planned bondage session today with her, but I couldn&#8217;t refrain from suggesting she would look good in the straitjacket and perhaps I would have her wear it for the night during my upcoming weekend visit.

Satisfied that all was in good hands at the academy I left for home. Thursday night was karaoke night at my bar and I&#8217;ve come to look forward to being present at each show.

END PART 71


















&#8216;











MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY PART 72 by Long Tall Mary

At 9:00AM on Thursday I received a call from Headmistress Cecilia that April was acting in a highly agitated manner. She had been confined in her cell continuously since my departure the previous day and had spent six hours standing, with her wrists cuffed above her head, before being allowed to sit down. Cecilia felt a sedative injection was warranted.

I personally don&#8217;t favor habitual sedation of subs, other than when necessary to make them manageable for transport. The potential for addiction is too great and many of the subs crave the pleasurable effect of the drugs. April, being the manipulative bitch she is, was probably intentionally acting in a manner likely to bring that result. I am quite competent at breaking incorrigible subs without medication, but in my absence it was best to go with the sedation. The risk of not doing so was another commitment to the hospital, something I wanted to avoid at all costs.

Since sedatives aren&#8217;t kept in stock at the academy, it was necessary to contact Lorraine at the hospital. She would have one of the doctors issue a prescription, a pharmaceutical driver would deliver it to the academy, and it would be administered by the staff nurse.

I was able to reach Lorraine at the hospital and she assured me that the medication would be delivered within two hours. She had little to say, and not wishing to confront her about the fabricated orders, I kept the conversation to a minimum. Sooner or later she would learn that I had disregarded these orders and I would probably incur her wrath. Unfortunately I would need her assistance sometime in the future with my dungeon guests, so I would have to do my best to reconcile with her.

For the past two months I have been featuring Thursday karaoke shows at my bar. The producer gave me a very attractive fee offer for the first month and the show exceeded my expectations in terms of profit for the bar. Because of this I decided to go for at least two more months. The clientele is mostly karaoke enthusiasts, who otherwise wouldn&#8217;t patronize my bar, and a number of them have become customers on non karaoke nights as well.

Shortly before the 9:00PM show time a new female customer arrived, she was alone and stood out immediately for the reason she was wearing a black cowboy hat. Syracuse isn&#8217;t Dallas and females in cowboy hats are a rarity. At about 5&#8217;7 and 115 pounds, blue eyes, long blond hair, 32-C boobs and no older than 25, she would have been quite noticeable even without the cowboy hat, matching eleven inch black boots, black slacks and the tight white ribbed sweater she was wearing. A looker indeed!

As the evening progressed I observed her closely and soon sized her up as a cock teaser, the type who gladly lets guys buy her drinks and then leaves abruptly, spurning all of them. She did not sing but was a prodigious dancer, either with the guy who bought her last drink, or in a group; had I been running a dance contest she would have easily won. The cowgirl consumed no food and was soon quite intoxicated.

The thought of bondage and forced sex with a hot cowgirl has always been one of my numerous prurient interests, but for some reason it never materialized. Tonight I was determined to make it happen and opted to use a tactic I rarely use: the spiked drink. In the privacy of my office I crushed one of my benzo tranquilizers, and mixed it into a glass containing the rum and coke she had been drinking all evening. Not surprisingly she accepted my offer of a free drink and I was certain that within an hour she would be semi-conscious and incapable of self locomotion.

About a half hour later I approached her and assumed the role of the benevolent bar owner, concerned about her welfare. I elicited from her that she was from Albany, staying alone at one of the motels at the Thruway exit, and planned to take a taxi at the end of the night. These were indeed fortitudinous circumstances; no one would miss her when she failed to return to the motel. Instead she would be safe at my Camillus home, safely restrained that is, and serving me sexually.

At the hour mark as I predicted she was on the verge of passing out. I approached and told her I would drive her personally in my van to the motel.&nbsp; I doubt if she understood anything I said but I ordered my two waitresses, Patti and Kristen, to be ready to help walk her to the van. It was parked in a lot about a half block away, backing it into the narrow driveway behind the bar was a difficult maneuver but well worth the effort. It was to the dismay of more than one male patron when they saw the cowgirl led into the backroom, not to be seen again. Patti and Kristen would explain that I was taking her to her motel, fully aware of my intentions.

We were able to get her into the back of the van without much difficulty. My van is a cargo type with no side doors for the cargo area; this is furnished with carpeting and a loveseat. The cowgirl slumped on the carpeted floor asleep and I saw no reason to restrain her immediately. My estimate was she would start awakening just as I pulled into my driveway. I took the liberty of inspecting the contents of her purse and found no drugs or weapons. Her driver&#8217;s license identified her as Pam, 23 years old, and from suburban Albany. She carried her own supply of male condoms.

The trip to my home took about twenty minutes; I drive quite conservatively when transporting a sub under these circumstances. Immediately after pulling into my garage and closing the door, I heard movement indicating she was emerging from her unconscious state. As I was home alone it would be a challenge to move her from the van to the guest bedroom. I decided not to take any chances and cuffed her hands behind her, not that I really expected any resistance, if anything it would provide useful moving leverage.

My strength isn&#8217;t what it used to be but somehow I was able to sling her over the right shoulder of my six foot, one hundred eight pound frame. I carried cowgirl about half way to the bedroom before being forced to set her down and drag her the rest of the wThe cowboy hat fell off during the process but I had no plans for her to wear it the rest of the night.

As I sat her on the bed she began to comprehend that she was a damsel in some type of distress. She was still fully clothed as I recuffed her wrists to the headboard, leaving her lying on her back. Did you drug me were the first words she uttered. I assured her that it was only a short acting sedative, not the date rape type of drug. How many guys are going to fuck me she asked rather meekly.

It was time to set the cock teasing cowgirl straight. I explained that I was a dominatrix and she would be kept at my house until she sobered up. In the meantime the only sex she would experience was the lesbian type; this would include pleasuring me with her tongue both anally and vaginally, and she would be raped using a strap on. I prefer to be rather explicit in most cases in preparing subs for their session. She was also advised of the standard protocol of not speaking without permission and to address me as Mistress. To emphasis the importance of compliance, I attached a clamp to each nipple, and yanked hard on the chain. Predictably this resulted in a shriek but she refrained from further speech.

Undressing the cowgirl was the next order of business. I would have preferred to leave the boots on, but since she was wearing slacks I would have had to shred them with my shears. Considering that her attitude was acceptable I decided she would be undressed the hard way, which meant pulling the boots off. It took a fair amount of effort but they finally came off as did her slacks and underwear. All that remained was her sweater and bra so I removed the cuffs briefly to permit their removal. I then cuffed her hands to the headboard as she lie upon her back, the boots would remain off.

Interrogation of submissives has always been my forte, so I proceeded inquiring as to details of her life. She was a pharmacy school graduate and had applied for the graduate program of a local university; her interview had been in the afternoon. The cowgirl had no steady boyfriend, but plenty of sexual experience. Typically sex resulted from being picked up by some guy at a bar. Tonight she hadn&#8217;t been in the mood for sex, just music and dance, and usually she didn&#8217;t become as inebriated as she had.

 While professing to have no lesbian experience, she didn&#8217;t seem overly terrified, knowing that it was imminent. Her bondage experience was limited to being duct taped to three other girls, by some guys at a party. She didn&#8217;t visit any bondage web sites and had no submissive curiosity.
When preparing to rape an unwilling, or shall we say reluctant, female it is important to prepare them psychologically, which is one purpose my interrogation serves. In this case I emphasized that she would be spending the night with me, but aside from lesbian sex and bondage no harm would come to her, I would drive her personally drive her to the motel in the morning. Just to add a little fear I suggested that if she were uncooperative, her confinement would be extended, and that I might make a video of the session for Internet posting. I&#8217;ll do whatever you say, Mistress was her reply.

Realistically I couldn&#8217;t afford to keep another unwilling sub indefinitely. Unlike Kelly, who was a nothing piece of white rural trash, the cowgirl&#8217;s disappearance would soon be noticed. An investigation would ensue, and I would be the logical suspect. The loyalty of my waitresses, Kristen and Patti, couldn&#8217;t be taken for granted; both would be prime witnesses as they assisted me in placing her in the van. The cowgirl would be released by 8:00AM and while her memories of me would not likely be fond ones, I was confident that she would not report the matter to the police. If she did my defense would be that the conduct was consensual.


To prepare the cowgirl for sex I placed a leather cuff on each ankle, and used rope to pull each leg back over her head and attach it a special ring mounted on each side of the head board. She was spread obscenely wide open with her both her holes easily accessible. I couldn&#8217;t help but notice her full mound of pussy hair. Years ago I would have personally shaved it bald, but in recent years I have been plagued by low level benign essential hand tremors and such shavings are delegated to my assistants.

 I normally subject my subs to some form of humiliation before sex such as leashing and speech exercises, but that wasn&#8217;t a viable option due to her intoxication. However that doesn&#8217;t mean the sub shouldn&#8217;t experience some pain, so I repeated the nipple torture using the clamps and chain. Even in her intoxicated state her nipples were very sensitive to pain and I made certain she received a good dose of it.

 To stifle her cries, and give her a taste of my scent, I produced a pair of soiled panties and stuffed them in place. A pair of soiled panties is always within reach and I emphasize the soiled state before inserting them. I like my ladies gagged when inflicting pain upon them, but they would have to be removed in order for her to perform oral sex. When the time came for the strap on penetrations, she would be gagged again. 

After about five minutes of moderate to heavy nipple and cunt pain using various clamps, the panties were removed from her mouth. I assumed a squatting position above her head facing the headboard. She was instructed to begin tonguing my cunt and that the more vigorous her performance, the less time she would have to spend tonguing my asshole. I must give the wench credit, for never having engaged in lesbian sex her performance was commendable. Her tongue penetrations were deep and rhythmic.

As one who has had their cunt serviced orally many times by female subs, I have become somewhat desensitized to the orgasmic pleasure. The pleasure is more in knowing that the sub is being humiliated especially in a case like this. In this case I experienced that rare dose of orgasmic satisfaction in addition to that of her humiliation. My preference is to session subs when they are sober as they much more conscious of their pain and humiliation. They are also more likely to be defiant, which only adds to my pleasure as I break them.

I was so impressed with her oral vaginal performance that I made her continue for nearly fifteen minutes before repositioning myself for the anal phase. As a reward for her excellent performance I assured her that the duration of her anal mouth work would be for considerably less. However she exhibited a reluctance to perform as vigorously, her tongue penetrations were most superficial.

 To prod her into improving performance I took time out to deliver four stinging crop lashes to her cunt which was ideally exposed, as her legs were spread wide above her head and attached to opposite sides of the headboard. When she resumed her mouth work the quality was significantly of a higher grade, but I did make her continue for ten minutes before withdrawing instead of five as I had first decided.

With the strap on session next I showed cowgirl the eight inch dildo I would be using before stepping out briefly to the kitchen for a shot of vodka. Rather incredulously she inquired as to whether or not taken to the dildo had been sanitized since its last use. Normally I would punish the sub severely for speaking without permission but in this case I acted in an uncharacteristically benevolent manner. I assured her that it had been cleaned and stated the precise type of solution used. Evidently this was sufficient for the pharmacist cowgirl and she politely thanked me for the information. I promptly strapped a ball gag into place to prevent any additional questions; the gag would not stifle the erotic moans that invariably result from strap on sex.

By the time I returned from the kitchen my interest in the strap on session was waning, despite the circumstances in this case were much to my liking- a customer had been snatched from my bar involuntarily and transported to my home for use. Still, I was somewhat tired and her oral work had been of much better quality than expected. So I decided to abbreviate the strap on portion and after putting on the contraption I wasted no time thrusting in and out of her cunt.


Her cunt was dripping wet even before the first penetration, and the erotic moans that followed would have been worthy of any quality porno movie. This wench most certainly brought pleasure to the numerous males, whom she deemed worthy of her sex. Normally I vary the thrusting from slow to fast for at least ten minutes but in this case I maintained a steady tempo for five minutes before withdrawing and switching to her asshole. 

She had stated during the interview that her one anal sex episode with a male had been most unsatisfying, and this was consistent with her response to my thrusts. The intensity of her moans diminished markedly, and I sensed involuntary tightening of her muscles in a futile attempt to resist the intruder. She would have brought delight to a maledom, with the muscle tightening resulting in a most pleasurable sensation for the human cock; my only pleasure would be of knowing she abhorred the polyurethane intruder. I decided that ten minutes of anal work was sufficient and ceased my penetrations at that point.

The wench would spend another five hours confined in the bedroom until it was time to release her. I decided that a modified form of restraint was sufficient and I removed the ankle cuffs and attached ropes, allowing her to bring her legs down from the above the head position. One of my favorite overnight restraint modes is a padlocked leather neck collar, connected by a short chain to the bed frame. In this case it wasn&#8217;t advisable due to her intoxication; instead I secured a leather belt around her waist with a padlock and used a six foot chain to attach it to the bed frame. She would be able to stand up alongside the bed if she tried but would have very limited range of movement.

I was certain cowgirl would quickly fall asleep, and by the time she awakened would be receptive to my chicanery charm before being released. To make her confinement a little more comfortable, I turned on the XM country channel and piped it into the bed room over the master audio system. As I prepared for a few hours sleep in my own bedroom I flicked on the CCTV monitor, cowgirl was sound asleep, thus confirming my prediction.

Fortunately my cell phone rang before I fell asleep and caller ID indicated it was from Mother Jugs. My tone was irascible as I answered the phone, I don&#8217;t like being called at this hour except for extreme emergencies. Jugs was high, presumably on meth, and insisted that I view a webcam of slave Kelly. Rather than argue, I acquiesced and witnessed a rather enjoyable bit of late night rape.

Jugs is the leader of a lesbian biker gang, but has connections with a straight male biker gang, both gangs cooperate in some type of drug enterprise. Kelly was naked and bound with ropes in the basement dungeon of Jugs clubhouse, bent over a saw horse style bench spread eagle style, with her ass protruding so as to be accessible to sexual penetrations. On the other side her head was at the right height to permit oral sex.

The video quality of the webcam was poor but I had no difficulty observing three different biker&#8217;s take turns both ass and mouth fuck Kelly, rotating from one position to the other. Because the webcam was focused from behind, it deprived me of the joy of seeing her facial expressions. It appeared that her mouth was forced open by a dental type gag and that her head was being held by the biker and moved back and forth so that the cock could navigate her oral cavity. She was forced to swallow each wad. My former slave was wearing a non-descript blond wig, Jugs told me earlier that her scalp had been shaved shortly after her acquisition.

I&#8217;m hardly aroused by this type of forced sex after being in the business so long, but it was reassuring that Jugs hadn&#8217;t complained about Kelly; evidently her training was progressing satisfactorily. With that in mind I turned off the webcam and cell phone, and took another sleeping pill; confident I would soon be sound asleep on my bed.

END PART 72
 



 





























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 73&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

It has been nearly a year since I began serving as Assistant Headmistress for Discipline at the academy. Much has happened during that year; most noticeably the academy no longer exists. A business decision was made that the academy was not turning a profit, and there were concerns amongst the board, of lawsuits arising from the disciplinary program.

I can understand the legal concerns especially since a renegade board member was reportedly conducting her own investigation of alleged abuses there, invariably this would have led to a lawsuit. In recognition of my excellent service during my tenure I received a generous severance payment. Some of the cadets were transferred to the boot camp facility in Massachusetts; others resumed their lives with the likelihood that many would engage in the same nefarious behavior that led to their commitment initially.

My bar in downtown Syracuse continues to prosper but not without impediments. The main impediment is the State Liquor Authority which has pursued several administrative charges against the bar over the years, none successful. Their latest attempt was an allegation that I permitted sadomasochistic activity to occur upon the premises. This involved a maledom bringing his female submissive into the bar wearing a collar and led by a leash. They sat at the bar for about half an hour and nothing of a sexual nature occurred.
Somehow the SLA learned about it and I received a violation notice. It was quickly dismissed but not until I was forced to shell out $1500.00 for an attorney As a result, leash led humans are no longer allowed inside the establishment. The state smoking ban has hurt business overall, but the clientele seems to have adapted to it. Smoking is still allowed on the sidewalk outside and as with so many bars in New York, it has become a custom for smokers to gather for outdoor breaks.

My long term psychiatrist, friend and occasional lover, Newhart, retired from the practice of medicine and is sailing the world along with one of his former female students from the local university. This deprived me of an important legal source of the numerous prescription drugs I use. Fortunately he referred me to one of his male colleagues, and it turned out this doctor is a bondage enthusiast on the dominate side.

It hasn&#8217;t been easy but I&#8217;ve been able to procure four willing female subs for him and permit him free use of my dungeon. This is in exchange for scripts of course, and I&#8217;m carried on his books as a patient. Unfortunately his tastes in submissives are very demanding and he hasn&#8217;t been satisfied with the first four, including Noreen, who despises playing a sub. The future of my relationship with this doctor is in doubt.


Felicia Porter is out of circulation for the foreseeable future. While serving her ninety day term at Jamesville, she was convicted of throwing urine on a corrections officer, and as a result is now doing four years in the State Correctional Facility at Albion. Rumor has it that she has been labeled a snitch by the other inmates and placed in a special protective unit.

Lorraine was forced to resign her nurse position at the psychiatric center after being caught diverting drugs for her own use. She was threatened with criminal charges, but was eligible for a pension and opted to resign and take her pension; in return no charges were filed. We are still on speaking terms but I am weary of her because of her mendacity in the academy affair. Her 24/7 male slave emancipated himself from his arrangement.

On the positive side Noreen has developed into a competent dominatrix, with her practice being limited to males. Initially she planned to build a dungeon on her property in Cortland County, but after realizing the expense and the travel distance for her customers, she reached an agreement to use my home facilities in Camillus.

I receive a set amount per session and agree to furnish security on a part time basis. This was another drawback of the Cortland location, most of the qualified security candidates live in the Syracuse metro area; extra pay would have been required to entice them to travel the longer distance. Master Joe, the leather store owner, has provided the personnel to date.

 I do have some qualms about the use of gay security personnel, since the clientele is predominantly male; the temptation for the guards to actively participate in the session always exists. Master Joe assured me he will deal sternly with any such behavior and to date there haven&#8217;t been any problems. About fifty per cent of the time I am present at home for the sessions and that eliminates the need for a security person, resulting in a substantial cost savings.

My own dominatrix session calendar has diminished considerably, usually two or three per month, and all females. Because they are loyal submissive clientele, who have been with me for years, I charge them less than the market rate. In terms of session income, I reap more from Noreen&#8217;s sessions than my own.

Lorraine has abandoned her long standing distaste for female subs and is now attempting to book sessions with them, in addition to male subs. From what I&#8217;ve heard she hasn&#8217;t been very successful in attracting subs of either sex. Her slovenly appearance, combined with her tendency to push subs over their limits, is likely the reason for her paucity of business. In no way does she pose any serious competition to Noreen&#8217;s business.

I&#8217;m always looking for the novel type of dominatrix assignment. Sadly to say I&#8217;ve received numerous requests from parents to session their children in bondage discipline, most are under 16. I steadfastly refuse to be drawn into this morass of legal jeopardy and won&#8217;t even go so far as to make a referral to someone whom I know will perform such discipline.

One novel request did come my way and I was unable to resist it. It seems a local family construction business was short nearly $30,000.00. The problem was most of the money was untaxed and kept in an elaborate security vault on company grounds. While I knew better than to ask questions, it was safe to assume that the missing money was from sources other than the construction business.

Suspicion quickly centered on Kathy, the 28 year old bookkeeper and wife of one of five brothers, who along with their father, co-owned the business. Ralph, the patriarch of the family, was extremely upset and was not reluctant to resort to drastic measures to learn the disposition of the missing funds and punish the perpetrator, regardless of whether or not it was his daughter-in-law. Kathy&#8217;s husband and the other four brothers were equally supportive.

Ralph&#8217;s plan was to have Kathy abducted in the presence of the other family members and then transported to a dungeon for interrogation. He was confident that the presence of the other family members would discourage her from going to the police. None the less, the abductors would be required to be masked and Kathy was not to be aware of the location of her confinement.
To implement the plan Ralph sought out Master Joe, the gay leather goods store owner, who is the most sadistic gay bondage trainer in the region. Because of Kathy&#8217;s known aversion to lesbian sex, Joe felt it appropriate to include a dominatrix on the mission. When he approached me with the idea initially I was skeptical. This was heavy stuff and if it backfired I would find myself in Albion along with Felicia.

After considerable discussion with Joe, I agreed to participate in the scheme. Kathy would be transported by Joe and two of his thugs to my dungeon; I would assist them at the scene of the abduction. My fee would be $1500.00; Joe would receive an undisclosed higher amount. It would be necessary for me to wear a mask most of the time when I was in view of her, suffice to say I&#8217;m not a fan of wearing masks. Likewise, Joe and his cohorts would be masked.

Had there been no hope of recovering the money, she would simply have been fired. However there were no indications of excessive spending by her, and it was believed she had the stolen money concealed in some type of vault, at an unknown location. She would be tortured until she divulged where, after which she would be released. Thankfully no consideration was given to making her disappear permanently. I&#8217;m not into snuff, and finding owners for such subs is never easy.

The details of the abduction were formulated. An informal business meeting would be held at Kathy&#8217;s home on Saturday afternoon. Present would be her husband, father-in-law Ralph, and two of the brothers without their wives. All had advance knowledge of the abduction. Kathy&#8217;s home was in a rural part of Cicero, and with no other homes in close proximity it made our mission a little easier. At precisely 2:55 a cell phone call would be made to Ralph who would verify that the plan was on schedule. Ralph, in the presence of the others, would inform Kathy of her fate and at precisely 3:00, I, Master Joe and one of his thugs would arrive at the home and the abduction would transpire. It was decided to use only one, instead of two, of his associate thugs.

It was anticipated that Kathy would resist violently, and Joe opted to use chloroform on her, in addition to conventional restraints. I&#8217;m not a fan of chloroform; the only drug I&#8217;ve used in the past have been sedatives. My feeling has always been that anesthetic agents are too dangerous but I had no choice but to defer to Joe.

The transport vehicle would be the refrigerated Happy Ice truck, which I had seen used in two previous transports. It is owned by Joe&#8217;s brother and is ideal for transporting subs. The refrigerated compressor tends to drown out any sounds the sub might make, and of course it is quite cool. I would be driving my own van with the purpose of serving as a following blocker vehicle, should by some chance the police might attempt to stop the ice truck. We reasoned that at 3:00 on a Saturday afternoon the presence of an ice truck wouldn&#8217;t be conspicuous.

The plan proceeded as scheduled. I rendezvoused with Joe and his associate in a business parking lot and the phone call to Ralph was made. Five minutes later, our two vehicles pulled into Kathy&#8217;s driveway and without hesitation we entered through the garage door, where we met by Ralph. The three of us were casually attired in jeans and sweatshirts, and each wore a ski mask. I couldn&#8217;t help but think that if a sub appeared for a session at my dungeon, as shabbily dressed as I was, she would be severely punished.

As we entered the living room, it was apparent a struggle was taking place. Kathy was being held down on the couch by her husband and one of his brothers, and was yelling You have no right to do this to me. It had been agreed that our conversation would be held to a minimum, and Joe would do all the talking. I saw Kathy for the first time; she was a relatively petit short haired brunette, about 5&#8217;5 and 120 pounds, and wearing a short black dress. 

Joe immediately proceeded to hold a rag over her mouth and nose; in less than one minute the drug induced a state of semi consciousness and her struggling ceased. Vince, Joe&#8217;s burly associate, wrapped a roll of black duct tape around her ankles and lower legs. He then slung the captive cutie over his shoulder and carried her out to the van. I assisted him inside the van, where she was placed standing upon a metal shipping dolly, attached to the wall with a bungee cord. For a gag she would wear a plastic funnel type; it was unlikely she would physically be able to scream before arriving at my place, but why take any chances. Joe wanted me to place a hood over her head during transport, but I prefer not to blindfold someone who is not fully conscious during this period. He prudently deferred to my judgment.



Two more rolls of duct tape were used. One encircled her waist around the frame of the dolly, another pinned her arms and wrists behind her. Even when fully conscious she would be unable to free herself. The rear door to the ice truck was locked. With Joe driving, along with his associate, the truck pulled out of the driveway, and with me following in my van, the approximate thirty minute drive to Camillus commenced. The abduction had been carried out in less than ten minutes, without a flaw.

After pulling the ice truck into my driveway the rear door was opened; Kathy was conscious now, her body and spirit most assuredly chilled from the refrigerated interior. As she began to protest through her gag, I commanded hush before placing a hood over her head to prevent her from getting a look at the outside of my house. Rather than remove the tape inside the truck, the shipping dolly was lowered to the ground and wheeled inside the garage. Fortunately the road view of my driveway is sufficiently restricted for this type of activity.

Inside the garage her tape bindings were quickly cut away. Still hooded and gagged, Joe and his partner guided her down the stairs to the basement dungeon. I had already decided upon her restraint mode and interrogation techniques, and to start leather cuffs were used to secure her wrists, spread-eagled above her head, to a bar dangling from the ceiling, and her leather ankle cuffs were hobbled to a floor bolt to keep her legs spread less than six inches apart.&nbsp; I then removed her hood and gag, she promptly blurted out the protestation that we had no right to do this to her. My reaction was to twist her left nipple and remind her that any further unsolicited remarks would result in more of the same. Predictably she cried out in pain, but said nothing more.

Our instructions were to first extract from her the location of the stolen money by whatever means necessary, and then provide that information to Ralph immediately. We were permitted to inflict some additional depravities upon her even after her confession, and at the minimum she would be staying overnight. Ralph was quite emphatic that no whip marks or bruises be visible, but he had no objection to me taking some sexual liberties with her. I sensed that Joe was rather disappointed, as he would be unable to use his bull whip upon her. He may be gay, but he has is not averse to torturing a female occasionally.

My hunch was that the use of electric shock therapy would induce her to divulge the desired information promptly.&nbsp; As I wheeled the cart containing the instrument into place she immediately sensed its purpose, but she obeyed my order not to speak. We forgot to undress you I chuckled; my ski mask deprived me of the joy of her seeing the smile on my face. In very short order my heavy duty scissors shredded her expensive black dress, along with every bit of underwear she was wearing. She was allowed to keep her five inch heels on; they added to the discomfort of standing, and the hobbles assured she wouldn&#8217;t do any kicking.

We need to prep you for shocking and a shaved pussy is desirable, I said sternly. At the same time I strapped a ball gag into place; I would have to take it off for the interrogation, but I&#8217;m just set in my ways that subs have to be gagged at least for a short period. It had been agreed earlier that Vince would perform the shaving. He pulled up a stool in front of her, sat down and began applying lather. Hold your legs still you fucking cunt he snarled before beginning the trim with a straight razor. Once again I was deprived of the pleasure of her seeing the smile on my face because of my mask.

With the shaving complete she would be required to stand uncomfortably for a few minutes as we took a break on the other side of the dungeon. To add to her misery I selected some recordings of females screaming during torture, and played them loudly on the CCTV audio system.

Our break last lasted about fifteen minutes, allowing us to remove our masks. Joe expressed satisfaction with the course of events so far. It was agreed that Vince and himself would remain until Kathy confessed, which we realistically expected would be less than an hour; and whatever additional period it took for Ralph to verify that the money had been found. After that I would be alone with Kathy and after inflicting some of my own tortures upon her she would be kept in the holding cell for the night. I would be able to do this unassisted.

 Plans were that in the morning Ralph, along with her husband, would arrive at my house, bringing some clothes to replace the ones shredded. After dressing, she would be blindfolded until she was a safe distance away. It was important that she not be able to identify any of her abductors or my house.&nbsp; The possibility of inadvertently encountering her in the future was not of major concern to me.

Returning to Kathy, the three electrodes were attached with tape, one to each nipple and one to the groin. With her gag still in place I calibrated her pain tolerance by delivering currents of varying intensities, finding her tolerance level was on the high side. My electrical unit has been plagued by defects over the years. When first purchased it had an accompanying CD which issued recorded prompts to the wearer such as I&#8217;m a useless slut. It then automatically sensed the vocal intensity of the response, and automatically delivered a shock if that response was insufficient. This type of enunciation therapy proved to be quite effective.

The auto function was no longer operative and the current level had to be adjusted manually by the operator. Rather than perform enunciation therapy I decided to simply shock her until truthful answers were obtained. This was explained to her and the gag was removed. In addition it was explained that if she were uncooperative, we were fully prepared to have her sold into harem slavery in an unnamed Arabic country. I&#8217;m quite convincing with this fake line and it has proven effective in the past. 

 The first few attempts to elicit a confession were met by denial, and the level of the shocks was gradually increased. They were alternated so that one nipple at a time, or varying combinations of nipples and groin were shocked simultaneously.&nbsp; Within ten minutes the shocks achieved the desired results. After a brief display of bravado, she was unable to withstand their intensity, and proceeded to confess.

Kathy admitted stealing approximately twenty five thousand dollars in cash over a period of time and storing the money in a safe, hidden in the basement of her mother&#8217;s home. She intended to eventually divorce her husband, and no doubt would have continued her corporate plundering had it not been detected.

















Her overall figure, while clearly not the cover girl type, was rather attractive, with a tight ass, flat tummy and modest boobs. To further humiliate her I groped her boobs and hips, followed by a rough finger fucking of her cunt. I have to give the bitch credit for maintaining a faade of equanimity in the wake of all this abuse.

Leaving Kathy attached to the overhead, we went to my downstairs office, and Joe made the call to Ralph informing him of what we had learned. Ralph estimated it would be at least an hour before Kathy&#8217;s claim could be verified and this meant I was stuck with Joe and Vince. It isn&#8217;t that I don&#8217;t care for gays, but these two exude a vulgarity in their normal demeanor that most people find offensive. Much to my relief Joe requested a private room so that he could engage in sex with his partner. Vince does not strike me as a submissive gay but Joe is known to demand sex from both his dominate and submissive associates, as a condition of continued employment. So I permitted them to use the guest bedroom, and resisted the temptation to spy upon them using the CCTV.

I reasoned that even bitches such as Kathy deserve some entertainment while they are in limbo, which in this case meant dangling from the overhead bar, gagged and with her ankles chained to the floor. You should have seen the look on her face when informed she wasn&#8217;t about to be allowed greater comfort, until we received verification that the stolen money had been found.

Her entertainment consisted of watching one of my favorite videos, replete with loud audio, on the large screen TV I have installed in the dungeon. The video deals with the abduction of an American beauty by a gang of white slavers, and follows her training, then transport to the harem of some Arab sheik. It is a splendid video, which I bought years ago when a video store was going out of business.&nbsp; She desperately wanted to tell me that she had told the truth, but the tight fitting ball gag suppressed any intelligible speech.

Within the next hour Joe emerged from the bedroom to announce he had received a call from Ralph, whom had retrieved the stolen money. Kathy would be released the next morning after spending the night in the holding cell. After assuring Joe and Vince that I required no assistance with Kathy, they both departed and would return to be present for her release. Now was my opportunity to take some sexual liberties with Kathy, who was still attached to the overhead. Her ball gag was replaced by a pair of my soiled panties. She briefly balked at opening her mouth, but after I brandished a pair of pliers and placed it over her left nipple the panties were inserted. Still wearing my ski mask, I quipped about my preference that subs get a taste of my scent.

Ten minutes of relentless thrusting into her virgin fuck hole was sufficient for me. It was apparent Kathy detested every second of it, and her erotic moans through her gag added immensely to my delight. If Kathy thought that the strap on anal intrusion was abhorrent, she had another penetration forthcoming; her tongue would be used to pleasure both my cunt and my asshole. 

To facilitate this oral sex I removed her wrist cuffs from the overhead bar and cuffed them behind her. With her ankle cuffs still attached to the floor bolts, I made her kneel and generously provided a pillow for her knees. After removing my panties from her mouth, I pulled up a chair and sat directly in front of her and used both hands to position her mouth to my cunt. As is customary for me I informed her that the greater the intensity of her mouth work upon my cunt, the less would be required for the anal portion.

The bitch had learned her lesson about not speaking without permission, and however reluctantly she burrowed her tongue inside my cunt for nearly ten minutes, and required only minor prodding as to intensity. Many females have so served me over the years, and one tends to become desensitized to the eroticism, but Kathy is one of a handful who were abducted and confined involuntarily. The gratification I obtain from such a performance is overwhelming and it is difficult to envision a comparable depravity.

Since her performance on the cunt phase was satisfactory, I cut her some slack on the anal phase. After I assumed a kneeling position on the floor in front of her, she commenced to pleasuring my asshole with her tongue. She was permitted to cease after less than five minutes, and to her immense relief I informed her that no further sexual acts would be required. I most certainly would have enjoyed to have her for slave training for a few days, but in this business you must give the customer what they want; in this the customer being her father-in-law, wanted her released without visible signs of torture within less than twenty four hours.

Her overnight confinement was to be far from comfortable. After padlocking a leather collar around her neck and attaching a six foot heavy chain to a floor bolt, she was locked in the holding cell to be monitored periodically via the CCTV. A floor mattress and blanket were provided for her use. In years past I left the sub nude without any blanket, but turned up the heat to a minimal level. However skyrocketing energy prices have resulted in altering this practice.

Kathy was released the next morning at 9:00. Her husband and father-in-law brought some clothes to replace the ones I had shredded. After dressing she was blindfolded and led out to the waiting limo, the blindfold would be removed a few miles down the road. Joe and Vince were present for the release and it was clear that Ralph, the father-in-law, was one satisfied customer.

END PART 73






















































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 74&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

I recently celebrated my 57th birthday, with my dominatrix career spanning a total of seventeen years. My age has become a topic of derision amongst some of my detractors, and as you might expect I am very sensitive to it. The Syracuse area has no more than twelve active dominatrix and most are under age thirty.

The market for submissive clientele has diminished in recent years, although it is arguably difficult to quantify to what extent and for what reason. In my opinion, with one or two exceptions, the local dominatrix should be sued for offering an adulterated product. The customer, be it a male of female, simply isn&#8217;t getting their moneys worth in most cases.

I have been quite outspoken on this viewpoint and predictably it hasn&#8217;t endeared me to the local practitioners. However none will challenge me to my face because of my reputation for volatile temper and bizarre behavior. To cite one example, a twenty something dominatrix referred to me as a geriatric has been while patronizing my bar. Since only a handful of other patrons were in the bar at the time, I dragged the snooty bitch that made the remark into my private office.

 Despite a spirited struggle on her part I was able to hog tie her with rope, insert a pair of my soiled panties into her mouth, seal it with duct tape and leave her to writhe on the floor for nearly an hour before freeing her. Word of her humiliation spread quickly and the last I knew she had relocated to Philadelphia. At least the State Liquor Authority didn&#8217;t find out about the incident.

When I state there are only one or two competent local dominatrix, the one foremost in my mind is Noreen. She is currently fifty years old and under my tutelage has established herself as the premiere area dominatrix, myself not withstanding. Her plastic surgeon has made a good dollar off her in recent years, performing every procedure from botox to breast enhancement, with the result being she appears much younger than fifty. Noreen still lives in Cortland County and commutes to my dungeon, having decided against opening a dungeon at her home.

In an epoch change for Noreen, she has altered her long standing disdain for lesbian sex and now trains both males and females. The change was purely a business one and her visceral attraction is for dominating maIes. She has developed a superior ability to inflict maximal pain, particularly in the area of CBT, while avoiding permanent injury. Equally superior is her ability to dehumanize subs, by various forms of verbal degradation, coupled with demeaning postures, cross dressing and the like. While I don&#8217;t permit water sports, I am certain Noreen would do so if permitted.

This is not to say I have not had my falling outs with Noreen. In my career as a managing dominatrix and bar owner I have subjected most of my employees to forced bondage discipline for some transgression at one time or another, and Noreen would prove to be no exception. Recently without my knowledge, she sessioned a fifteen year old female for discipline at my dungeon; this was requested by her mother. To make matters worst the female was transported to the dungeon, tied up in the rear of a van, by her mother and aunt. It was absolutely a non consensual affair. 

I was out of town at the time of the incident and learned about it shortly after returning. Noreen is well aware that I don&#8217;t permit minors in the dungeon, and that any non consensual sessions have to be approved personally by me. I was furious and when I confronted Noreen, she tried to weasel her way out of it by claiming she believed the female was eighteen. In the heat of the ensuing argument Noreen made a cardinal mistake; referring to me as bitch.

I&#8217;m not going to recount stories of how I have dealt with persons who directed that epithet at me in the past. In Noreen&#8217;s case she is in good physical condition and overpowering her was a challenge, so I opted to catch her by surprise and deliver a shock from my Raptor stun gun, incapacitating her long enough for me to use steel cuffs to cuff her hands behind her. As we were upstairs in the kitchen it was necessary to force her downstairs to the dungeon. This was accomplished by placing a leather hood over her head. Handcuffed and blinded, she had no choice but to allow me to guide her down the stairway. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Once in the dungeon I connected her handcuffs to a ceiling cable and winched it upwards, forcing her into a painful position. Since she was wearing a latex skit and top, I was able to remove them without using my shears. I removed her hood and purposely did not gag her, for she would be doing some enunciation training.

For the next ten minutes or so I delivered one of my most savage floggings ever to her buttocks, stomach and back, leaving numerous red welts. After each lash she was required to sound off I&#8217;m sorry mistress for calling you a bitch, please fore give me, and by the time I finished her voice was becoming hoarse. Satisfied that she had suffered enough from the lashings, I rearranged the cuffs so that they were in front of her before winching them overhead. A pair of my soiled panties completed her bondage and she agonized in that position for nearly two hours.

Noreen spent the rest of the night in my holding cell, and it turned out that she had arranged a private session with a female submissive at the sub&#8217;s home, not making me aware of it before hand as stipulated at the onset of our business relationship. This would deprive me of income from the use of my dungeon, unless of course Noreen volunteered to do so. She had no intention of doing so until she learned of her overnight confinement, and I denied her request.

Some ill feeling between us was generated by this incident, but within three days we were back on speaking terms. Noreen realizes that the use of my dungeon is at a cost far below the market rate of renting one somewhere else. Given that factor, and the power I have to refer clientele to other dominatrix, she had no realistic choice but to reconcile with me. It never hurts for a dominatrix to get a taste of forced submission and in this case I assured her that the matter was private, no one else would learn of it.

Employee discipline was soon to be necessary in another case involving one of my newer bar waitresses, Amy. She is a gorgeous 22 year old, 5&#8217;11, leggy blonde, and I have to concede that when I hired her, I knew it would be difficult to resist having bondage sex with her. I had no particular reason to believe she was inclined to bondage, or that she was submissive, but every so often I encounter a female that I know is destined for intimacy with me.

Amy has a vivacious personality and is well liked by the customers. She does come on as a cock teaser to many males, but has been able to resist the inevitable advances by customers. One of her negative traits is that she is sensitive to criticism and on occasion will lash out at the critic. It is well understood by my employees that any abusive or complaining customers will be reported to me and I will deal with them, or in my absence Patti, my manager, will do so.

On one particular occasion a middle aged male customer complained about the quality of the steak he had ordered. I was within earshot and before I could respond to the complaint, Amy told the customer words to the effect that if he didn&#8217;t like the food, to go somewhere else. I was aghast at her attitude and quickly intervened. In this case I was forced to apologize to the couple for Amy&#8217;s conduct and to provide their beverages gratuitously; in addition I waited on the couple personally, which I seldom do.

At the end of the night I called Amy into my private office and issued her an ultimatum. The next morning at 10:00 she would report to my Camillus residence and that we would have a frank discussion of her future as one of my employees. She tried to talk me out of it, but I held firm. 

One factor that enables me to exercise such control over my employees is the generous wage and benefit package I offer them. If there were a list of the ten top small businesses for employees in the Syracuse area, my establishment would be included. This policy has assured me of selectivity in hiring and induces the employee to make sacrifices that might not otherwise make. Every one of my employees is aware of my bondage proclivities, and it would be nave for Amy to think that the visit would not involve some form of sexual contact. 

When I hire a female employee I make an intuitive judgment as to whether she might be a bondage enthusiast. Frankly I prefer those not so inclined, as it so much more satisfying to force something distasteful on that person. In Amy&#8217;s case I had an unusual sexual attraction towards her, with no reason to suspect she was either into bondage, a lesbian, or a submissive.



At 10:15 the next morning Amy arrived at my home clad in a pink hooded sweatshirt and black spandex tights. These were two poor actions on her part; first I demand punctuality, and second I expect a sub who presents herself to a dominatrix to be attired more formally. Amy had an aerobics class scheduled for 12:00 noon, but would soon learn she would be absent from it today.

Amy had an air about her that suggested she was annoyed at the inconvenience of traveling to my home and that her stay would be brief. She seemed genuinely stunned when after we entered the living room, I ordered her to remove all her clothes; her response being You said you wanted to discuss my future, I am not into stripping or having sex with other women.

You are well aware that from time to time I engage in sexual activity with my female employees and in this case it is punishment for your boorish behavior last night. If you choose not to undress I will forcibly do it for you I decreed calmly, sitting on the couch with my legs crossed as she sat in a chair a few feet away. 
I really wasn&#8217;t looking forward to a struggle with Amy; if necessary I would stun her with my Raptor but first decided a little more persuasion was in order. Amy had recently broke up with a guy named Dan, and had not been shy about letting people know that it was because of his fixation with oral and anal sex. Therefore she reacted with shock when I recited Dan&#8217;s cell phone number and suggested that since he lived only about ten minutes away, he would be most eager to come to my home for a threesome sexual session. I also brought to her attention that her escape from inside was impossible because of my electronic locking system, which enables me to lock and unlock the doors from inside, as well as out.

As I stepped towards Amy, she abandoned her resistance. All right I&#8217;ll undress but I am not doing this willingly, she announced before removing her sweat jacket, running shoes and tights. This left her attired in a black sports bra and panties; she made no attempt to remove them and evidently assumed that semi-nudity would be acceptable to me. After commanding her to strip to full nudity, she hesitated briefly before complying, but not without a sigh and look of disgust.

In a case where a sub is likely to struggle, I put them in steel handcuffs first before leading them to the dungeon where they are put in rope or leather restraints. I decided to take a chance that Amy wouldn&#8217;t resist and to do the rope work on her upstairs. You should have seen the look on her face when I produced several lengths of blue rope, which had been underneath the couch. Judging from her reactions so far, it appeared she had seriously misconstrued my intentions for her visit. 

In this case I had the luxury of tying her without any resistance. Her sturdy 36-C breasts were ideal for roping and in a few minutes I completed my rope work. I used a harness arrangement which tightly encircled her breasts and tied her wrists together in the rear, forcing them up to the small of the back. It was quite an uncomfortable arrangement, that of course is what I intended, and with her arms forced upwards it left her buttocks easily accessible.

Next I delivered my standard orders on dungeon protocol; she would address me as Mistress, and not speak without permission. Using a riding crop I delivered two stinging lashes, one to her left boob and another to her crotch, to demonstrate the consequences of non compliance. Standing back to admire my superb rope work I quipped Maybe I should give Dan a call, he would enjoy this. Please Mistress don&#8217;t call him, I&#8217;ll do whatever you say was her reflexive response. Rather than flog her for breaking the speech rule, I used it as a pretense to insert a penis gag into her mouth and strap it tightly into place.

Amy was led to the basement for her first look at my dungeon. It can be quite intimidating to someone without bondage experience, and I made a point of emphasizing that subs confined overnight, are locked either in the holding cell or a cage. Amy was informed that she was being punished for her waitress behavior and that she would be subjected to some corporal punishment, in the form of caning. She would then be left in an uncomfortable bound position for a few hours, but the exact length of her stay would be determined by her overall attitude.

I made known that sexual tribute is expected periodically from all my female employees, and that she would be no exception. If she refused it would result in forced sex and I reiterated my threat to invite Dan to the dungeon. After the session I would wipe the slate clean, so to say, and she would be in good standing as an employee, with no loss of pay or other penalties.

Proceeding to the first phase, I used leather cuffs to secure her ankles to the legs of a table and spread uncomfortably wide. After removing her gag, she was told the exact number of rattan strokes administered was dependent upon the intensity of her vocal responses. After each stroke she would sound off with Thank you mistress for making me see the error of my ways.

Her performance on the enunciation was adequate, but not exceptional, and eight strokes were administered; this being a little on the low side. While I certainly didn&#8217;t feel sorry for her, it was evident she had a low threshold of pain and I&#8217;ve found it best not to push a sub to their limit, on the first visit. Red welts would be visible on her buttocks for several days and of course significant residual pain could be expected.
Next on the agenda was forcing oral sex upon her, but I decided to take a few minutes to ease her fears. As you might expect I&#8217;m skilled at this type of chicanery from years of experience. Leaving her ropes intact, I released her ankle restraints and sat her down next to me on the basement couch. I explained that she would be expected to use her mouth to pleasure my cunt, and that if her performance was adequate she would be spared being required to perform any type of anal sex.

I can&#8217;t say that she appeared overjoyed by hearing this, so I decided to engage in some gentle fondling of her breasts and cunt, as well as some mouth to mouth kissing. She was not showing any signs of arousal, and I concluded that lesbian sex had no appeal for her. What did perturb me was her resistance to my kissing, and finally I had to order her to be more forceful, otherwise she could expect to be treated even more harshly. She finally abandoned her resistance, but I had to be the aggressor, ordering her to do so would have required inflicting more pain than I was prepared to do.

After about ten minutes of kissing and fondling it was time for her to be the aggressor, by pleasuring my pussy with her mouth. Since I don&#8217;t like to miss the Jerry Springer show I put a leather collar on her and led her upstairs to the living room on a leash. As I sat on the couch she was made to kneel on the carpet facing me. To make for easier access by her mouth, I pulled forward on the leash from her collar, securing it to a belt around my waist, and forcing her head to remain in place between my legs. This assured adequate humiliation and discomfort for Amy as she still was tied in a harness arrangement, with her breasts tightly encircled and her hands drawn behind her, halfway up her back.

Amy&#8217;s oral performance was poor and required repeated prodding, as I attempted to enjoy three obese sisters engaged in a family feud on the Springer show. I also fielded a cell call from Noreen, who chuckled at the sounds of Amy desperately trying to please me, as well as my rather vivid description of the session. For spite I kept Amy bound and kneeling, with her face chained to my crotch, for forty minutes, and not allowing her any respite from burrowing her tongue into my pussy.

Given sufficient time I could break Amy&#8217;s stubborn resistance to lesbian sex, but my benevolent nature prevails. Amy had drug problems in high school and dropped out. After a year of serving as a live in slut to a low level drug dealer, she overcame her drug problem, returned to and graduated from high school. She was currently struggling to make a go of it by living alone, and aspired to go to nursing school. 

I don&#8217;t want to be responsible for destroying someone emotionally; however my nature is such that my female employees are expected to serve me sexually from time to time. When the employee is a leggy, attractive blond she is even more tempting.&nbsp; I underestimated the degree of persuasion that would be required in Amy&#8217;s case, but was confident she would be won over in due time.

After releasing Amy from my crotch I led her into the computer room, where she was hogtied and gagged on the floor. I made her remain so for about an hour as I went about doing some computer work. She attempted to protest through her gag, but I wasn&#8217;t about to be distracted from my work and a well placed crop lash to her exposed cunt kept her quiet. Every time I looked at her she would plead with her eyes to be released, I would just smile and return to my work.

Finally I freed Amy from her restraints and permitted her to shower and get dressed. We then sat on the couch together for about twenty minutes discussing the session. Despite my best efforts to bolster her spirits, she was clearly distraught. As she was scheduled to work later in the afternoon, I generously gave her the day off with pay. Another waitress would be called in on her day off, which meant I was loosing money on this session.

Amy continued work at my establishment for another two months and gave no evidence of harboring any ill feeling towards me. After being accepted for nursing school, she resigned to pursue her studies full time and reportedly is doing well. Amy still visits the bar occasionally as a customer and drinks for free, being the cock teaser she is some guy is always buying for her, the remainder are on the house.

END PART 74





























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 75&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

In recent months my dominatrix sessions have dropped to a trickle. Noreen still sessions subs at my dungeon, and not infrequently I assist her. My downtown Syracuse bar still prospers and I find myself being actively involved with it more than ever. By that I mean being there personally to oversee business rather than entrusting it to my manager Patti, however competent she is.

Karaoke in particular has flourished in recent months, and I now schedule it two days a week, Thursday and Saturday. The regulars tolerate it but more importantly it has brought in a steady stream of new customers. Fortunately most of them are heavier drinkers, as increased sales are necessary to offset the costs of paying the karaoke producer.

One such new customer was present on a recent Thursday evening. This was Karen, a twenty three year old, relatively petite brunette. While she didn&#8217;t sing, she was with a group of females who were singers. Karen took frequent smoke breaks outside, such is the price of being in the bar business in New York, and it didn&#8217;t appear to me she was intent on teasing males. She bought her own drinks and somehow managed to avoid interacting with the male predators, which are quick to hit on an attractive and unaccompanied female. Perhaps predator is too strong a characterization, lets just say the normal male cunt hound that frequents pick up bars.
About an hour into the show, Karen approached me as I sat alone at the end of the bar. Very nervously she said Hi, my name is Karen, could I ask you a personal question. Yes, I replied, having no idea what to expect. Are you a dominatrix was her question. I&#8217;m not particularly fond of strangers making such an inquiry, but something about Karen&#8217;s demeanor didn&#8217;t rub me the wrong way.

And why might that be of concern to you was my reply. I could tell this was a difficult conversation for Karen, but she continued, I know this sounds silly but I have this fantasy of another woman tying me up. Her inquiry seemed sincere, and I assured her the fantasy was not silly. Rather than discuss the matter further at the tavern I gave her my cell number and suggested she call the next day between 10:00 and 10:30 in the morning. She thanked me and promised to call.

My initial impression was that she was not a lesbian and this was strengthened by my observation that she interacted with other male customers periodically throughout the evening, but mostly with the other females in the group. Around midnight, somewhat inebriated, and after about six smoke breaks she and her friends left; on the way out she thanked me for permitting me to call the next day.

At 10:15 the next morning she called, and immediately my interrogation to learn more about her commenced. Karen insisted she was a heterosexual, had no current boy friend, and while not intolerant of lesbians, had no experience in that area. Her bondage experience was very limited. The product of a broken home and alcoholic parents&#8217;, her stepfather had tied her up for punishment several times. She had remained fully clothed and no sexual contact occurred. Karen stated that she was turned on when tied up, but never confided that fantasy to anyone or made any effort to have it materialize.

 Karen indicated a preference for simple restraint with no sex or torture. While continuing to profess heterosexuality, she stated she simply felt more comfortable at the hands of a female, as opposed to a male. No one who patronizes my dungeon escapes with just being tied up; the sub is at my mercy. However I have no qualms about luring someone to my dungeon with such a promise, then springing a surprise on them. I&#8217;ve forced homophobic males to have sex with other males, and male hating lesbians to have sex with them. Such duplicity has long been my trademark and is well known in local bondage circles.

Karen agreed to be at my dungeon the next day at 11:00AM. Her financial situation was rather dire; she was employed as a convenient store clerk at minimum wage, lived alone in a small North Syracuse flat owned by her grandmother, and was struggling to make ends meet. On occasion I will waive my session fee if I feel the sub is worthy of it, and this was one such case.

Noreen was present as she had a male sub session scheduled for 12:30, and well I didn&#8217;t expect to require any assistance with Karen, it was available if needed. I intended to session Karen upstairs in the living room and bedroom leaving the dungeon free for the male sub, and preventing one from seeing the other. I had seriously considered inviting a guest male bondage trainer for Karen, but in the end I decided against it.

Karen was attired in jeans with a tight red sweater and was well made up. It isn&#8217;t the attire I prefer for female subs, but I hadn&#8217;t made my preferences known earlier, so it was unfair to fault her. She seemed rather surprised at seeing Noreen, and to ease any anxiety I assured her that Noreen wouldn&#8217;t be participating or observing in our session.

I invited Karen into the living room and rather bluntly told her to undress. This took her by surprise and prompted her to question what she thought was the agreement, that it was to be a fully clothed session, with no sex. It was time to explain the facts of dungeon life to Karen. Because of her lack of experience and the fact that she hadn&#8217;t otherwise incurred my disfavor, I refrained from forcibly stripping her as I would otherwise do.

I explained to her that all submissives at my dungeon are required to strip naked, and that she must have misunderstood what I told her on the phone. On the phone I conveniently evaded the issue fearing she might change her mind about a session. Why don&#8217;t you let me forcibly strip you or perhaps I&#8217;ll have Noreen do it instead I remarked wryly. She was definitely scared and my comment did little to alleviate it.
Noreen, who had been in the adjoining room, heard my comment and popped into the living room. I love stripping young sluts she quipped, only adding to Karen&#8217;s consternation.I&#8217;m not a slut retorted Karen, but presence of two intimidating dominatrix was sufficient to induce her to strip without further protest. She did have to be prodded to remove her underwear, something that never occurs with male subs.

Noreen persisted in her intrusiveness by remarking Let me take her down and introduce her to the dungeon. That won&#8217;t be necessary, I snapped and Noreen abruptly left the room. She is well aware of my attitude towards guest trainers; they act only upon explicit direction from myself and refrain from any unsolicited remarks or action.

All of this was quite unsettling to Karen, who expected that being tied up with her clothes on would be the extent of her bondage. I now had a chance to observe her naked. She wasn&#8217;t exceptionally endowed in any of her features but was basically good looking. The fact that her 5&#8217;5 frame probably didn&#8217;t exceed 125 pounds was likely a product of her habitual smoking. She sported shoulder length brown hair and a full mound of pussy.

In a few minutes I had her tightly roped in a hogtie position and lying on the couch. Her breasts were not particularly suitable for roping, and her elbows were too tight and I substituted a crotch tie in place of it. This consisted of rope encircling her waist, extending underneath her crotch and tied off in the front and back. Before doing this I inserted a six inch dildo into her well lubricated cunt without any difficulty; the crotch rope would keep it in place, and the orgasms induced by the remote controlled vibrator would keep her in constant erotic torment.

Karen didn&#8217;t physically resist my roping her, but she was quite vocal in protesting my efforts, with her protests reaching a crescendo as I inserted the vaginal intruder. Ordinarily I don&#8217;t permit a sub to speak without permission and I either gag them, or deliver a demo lash after making them aware of my rule. With the rope work complete I decided I had heard enough from Karen and a rubber penis gag silenced her; this was attached to a face harness device which was trapped tightly into place. As she continued to protest through the gag, I took my flogger and gave a stinging lash to her breasts. This brought an end to the protests.

I stood back to admire my captive cutie lying helpless and naked on the floor. In a few minutes I would make known to her the curriculum for subs at my dungeon. But first a brief rest was in order for me and I sat on the couch, going over some messages on my cell. To keep Karen occupied the vibrator was switched on random, with the speed fluctuating between four different levels. In fairness it is difficult for a sub to resist erotic moaning under these circumstances, so I allowed her to do so.

It has long been my perception that subs who are not basically sluts will resist moaning for as long as possible, whereas the slut type will have no such hesitation. Karen&#8217;s reaction was typical of a slut, but I kept that thought to myself. 
 Forced submission is an inherently traumatic experience and I do everything reasonably possible to minimize its effects, at least in situations like Karen&#8217;s, where her naivet about bondage resulted in an unexpected predicament. Ordinarily I require a female sub to use her mouth to pleasure my cunt and asshole.&nbsp; In this case I decided to modify that by attaching an eight inch polyurethane external dildo to her gag, which already consisted of an internal rubber dildo. This would spare her the ordeal of direct contact between her mouth and my cunt.

I then delivered my monologue to Karen, who wasn&#8217;t tossing and turning in her rigid hogtie, but continued to moan as the intruder buzzed away. Her session would last two hours with the first hour in her current position. The next hour would consist of an introduction to flogging and nipple clamps, followed by her using her dildo gag to fuck my cunt. To make the first hour a little more bearable I put one of my heavy BDSM torture videos in the DVD player, cranked up the volume and ordered her to watch it continuously.

Actually Karen was getting a bondage light session. Had it not been for Noreen&#8217;s male sub, I probably would have confined Karen to the downstairs dungeon for a much longer period. As it stood she would not see the dungeon during her stay, but hopefully she would elect to have a future session, which would be in the dungeon.

Realistically it was apparent by now that Karen&#8217;s bondage preferences were rather shallow; she preferred simple damsel in distress themes and was fearful of any type of sex being forced upon her, at least by a female. I regretted not having made arrangements for a male bondage trainer to be present, as it would have been interesting to see her reaction to male domination. None the less I would turn on my charm before the end of the session, and was confident that no permanent enmity would result between the two of us.

For the next ten minutes I sat on the couch making two cell calls, as Karen writhed on the floor, the intruder humming away, and struggling against her bondage. While a sub quickly realizes its futility, the struggling only serves to enhance the erotic gratification of the experience. With my calls completed, I turned off the torture video and contented myself with watching The Price is Right on TV for the remainder of the hour. 

As the second hour of Karen&#8217;s session got under way, I teased her a bit by commenting on the dildo protruding externally on her face harness, and how it would be entertaining to take a picture of her and display it at the bar. She took this quite seriously and was emphatic in protesting the idea. The internal portion of the dildo gag was quite effective in preventing any intelligible speech by her.

After turning off the vibrator I released Karen from the hogtie connector and made her kneel before me at rigid attention. It took a few stings from my crop to her boobs, but she finally maintained the right position. No basic training for a submissive would be complete without leash training, so I put a leather collar with an attached leash on her. 

It is difficult to walk with your ankles tied together, as well as your wrists behind your back and crotch tied, but I was in no mood to modify her restraints. Instead of walking or crawling about the room, she would hop while being led by the leash, all to the tune of At the Hop by Danny and the Juniors, piped over my sound system.

 Despite being warned that a penalty would be incurred for falling, she did exactly that, and received several lashes from my flogger before I yanked her back on her feet. After five minutes of hopping Karen was near breathless; these chronic smokers just don&#8217;t have the ability to do well at aerobics.

Coupled with the aerobics workout, I made certain she received an adequate introduction to the flogger, crop and nipple clamps. Her pain tolerance for the floggings was moderate, but for the nipple torture it was on the low side. From a kneeling position I used a short chain to yank the clamps back and forth, eliciting a response of extreme pain. A certain percentage of subs simply can not tolerate nipple bondage, but at least I had the satisfaction of observing her extremely painful response.

With her aerobics and flagellation work complete it was time for her to perform what she would find the most distasteful part of the session, using her mouth dildo to fuck my count. I had spared her the enunciation phase of the session and wouldn&#8217;t require her to use her mouth directly to fuck either my cunt or asshole. Ideally she would be confined overnight and given a more comprehensive session, but two hours would have to suffice.

Karen clearly wasn&#8217;t elated as I sat on the couch, with my crotch exposed, and ordered her to begin fucking it with her mouth dildo, but she knew what the price of defiance would be. For the next ten minutes I found it immensely pleasurable as she struggled to maintain her kneeling position, while performing the thrusting movements with the dildo. So many female subs have used their mouth on my cunt and asshole over the years that one tends to become desensitized to it. The fact that I seldom use this particular technique, coupled with Karen&#8217;s intense dislike for lesbian sex, proved to be quite invigorating for me.

Just then my cell rang and even though I didn&#8217;t recognize the number, I answered it. Indeed it was a jolt! The caller was Felicia Porter, my ex associate dominatrix, and she was calling from of all places her cell at the Albion Correctional Facility. The prison culture being as corrupt as it is, she had managed to procure a cell phone and make the call, in violation of prison regulations of course.

It only added to Karen&#8217;s humiliation that I described over the phone what was taking place, and I&#8217;m certain Felicia was envious as well. The gist of the call was that she would be having her parole hearing in six weeks and requested that I provide her with room and board, should she be released. 

This evoked memories of the last time Felicia boarded with me, she had used my home phone to make a threatening call. When the police came to arrest her, they came to my house. It was a harrowing experience, but the police didn&#8217;t enter my home. The thought of police rummaging about is quite unsettling to someone who operates a dominatrix business inside their home.

In no uncertain times I rejected her proposal but I did offer limited financial support, should she be released. Felicia had provided several years of adequate service to me and was deserving of some aid in time of need, but her habitual drug use predisposes her to committing one type of crime or another. I&#8217;ve had enough encounters with police and the State Liquor Authority over the years and having Felicia as a housemate would almost certainly lead to others. Felicia had to cut her call short as a guard was approaching, but it was agreed I would visit her in prison within the next month and we would discuss her future.

It was time to free Karen from her restraints and to have a friendly chat with her before she departed. This is always a challenge in a situation in which sex is forced upon someone, but I can be quite convincing at feigning concern for the sub&#8217;s welfare. After Karen was dressed, I offered her a vodka and tea, which was she had been drinking at the bar. She declined, so to improve her comfort level I permitted her to smoke; I have a long standing rule against household smoking. Again she spurned my offer.

Only the fact that I informed Karen earlier that my doors were electronically locked, kept her from bolting from the house. She sat nervously on the couch, as I sat next to her and said everything I could to alleviate her obvious bitterness because of the forced sex. I offered her a free night of drink at the bar in the future, as well as an additional free session at the dungeon.

Not surprisingly Karen declined both offers, and did her best to do so in a polite way, least I force additional bondage upon her. After about ten minutes it was apparent I was getting nowhere, so I allowed her to leave. I never saw her again. The next week I saw one of the girls who had been in Karen&#8217;s entourage the previous week, and I inquired as to her welfare. Karen had met some guy on the Internet, quit her job and moved to Philadelphia.

Apparently Karen had not told her friends about the bondage encounter, so I took a chance and asked for her partners Email address on the pretense I had something important to ask her. She had mentioned previously her own account had been suspended.&nbsp; The partner&#8217;s was an AOL address and when I looked up the profile it contained the following information: Name: Sir Arthur, Interests: BDSM, seeking 24/7 female slave.
Some things just can&#8217;t be explained!
END PART 75






























































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 76
By Long Tall Mary

On occasion while working at the bar I will notice someone whom I haven&#8217;t seen in a long time. Such happened recently, and the person was April, who had been a cadet at the ill fated boarding school near Ithaca, about three years back. She had been a disciplinary problem since day one, and suffered plenty of punishment including a brief hospitalization at a state psychiatric center.

She had no reason to have any kind feelings towards me, yet there she was sitting at the bar, her 5&#8217;6 frame had gained about twenty pounds making her close to two hundred. Her long brown hair still flowered, she was neatly attired in matching black slacks and sweater, with a white blouse. She was well groomed and made up. Upon seeing me she smiled, giving no indication of hostility.

Needless to say I was curious as to what motivated her to pay me a visit. Good afternoon maam, it&#8217;s been a long time she uttered respectfully as I approached her. Indeed it had been nearly three years since the demise of the boarding school. April indicated she wished to have a private conversation with me. This made me somewhat weary; was she trying to tape some incriminating statement?&nbsp; None the less I invited her into my private office.

I still had some ill feeling towards April and I directed her to stand at attention while addressing me, as I sat behind my desk. She began with what sounded like a repenting of the error of her ways since she left the academy. Presently 22 years old she had once again seduced an older college professor and became pregnant by him. The affair ended with an abortion and April evolved to live a rather low life existence, living with different guys for a few weeks, before breaking up and moving on.

 The guy she was living with presently was an abusive drunk; he wasn&#8217;t into bondage, he just enjoyed slapping and punching women. She also had reverted to her pre academy habit of indulging in marihuana and alcohol. April was currently on SSI, as was the drunk she was living with. He was quite possessive and would react violently if she were to move out.

So what was April seeking from me? She claimed to admire the stern discipline administered when I served as Assistant Headmistress for Discipline at the academy, and was willing to become my personal servant if I would provide living quarters and food for her. This indicated to me that her current boyfriend was extremely abusive; April was well aware of my visceral sadism and could expect to be subjected to various tortures.

I decided in favor of the arrangement, at least for a trial period. However it would require an extraction of April from her apartment as her boyfriend would not voluntarily permit her to remove her possessions. For assistance I turned to Master Joe, the gay leather goods store owner, with whom I had collaborated on jobs several times. April, who had no vehicle of her own, had taken a taxi to my home and I personally drove her back to her apartment.

Knowing that some violence was required, Joe was quick to accept my offer and at a very reasonable rate. Evidently he had qualms that I had been undercompensated on my last job, involving the embezzling bookkeeper. The plan was for Joe and two of his thugs to be admitted to the apartment by April. Mike, the boyfriend, would then be overpowered, tied up and sexually abused. He would be aware that April had arranged the home invasion in advance, and she would be delivered to me by Joe.

It was my reluctant decision not to participate in the actual invasion, least some day I might be recognized. Joe&#8217;s two associate thugs would only be in the area for a couple of weeks before moving on, so their chances of being recognized were low. None the less after entering they would don ski masks, Joe would enter about two minutes later already masked. Joe is not one to pass up an opportunity for a home invasion.

The operation was scheduled for a Wednesday evening at 7:00 and was consummated flawlessly. Mike answered the door and the two thugs burst in, temporarily incapacitating him with a well placed punch to the stomach. The intruders promptly put on ski masks and with lightning speed Mike was put in a kneeling hogtie, with three rolls of black duct tape. A soiled pair of mens briefs was stuffed in his mouth as a temporary gag. Mike did attempt to struggle, but was no match for the well muscled duo of Cory and Tim.
 April sat on the couch, smiling in approval of the plight of her imminent, ex boyfriend. If Mike believed that this was a robbery attempt, it was quickly dispelled by her response. Joe, wearing his ski mask, entered as his associates were putting the finishing touches on Mike&#8217;s bindings. Cory, who did all the talking, pulled down Mike&#8217;s trousers and briefs to his ankles, leaving his genitals humiliatingly exposed as he knelt hogtied on the floor.

He looks like a faggot to me, I think sucking cock would be good for him, quipped Cory. Mike&#8217;s pitiful response was to shake his head and plead through his gag. After warning Mike that if he said one word when the underwear gag was removed, that he would need a new set of teeth, Cory replaced the underwear with a Whitehead type of gag. This forced his mouth to remain painfully wide open, and unable to resist any phallic intruder.

For the next ten minutes the three intruders took turns fucking Mike by mouth and forcing him to swallow their wades of ejaculate. Simultaneously he was masturbated by hand, and he was unable to prevent his own copious ejaculation. This prompted Cory to further humiliate Mike, by remarking that only a gay would cum under these circumstances.

All good things must end and April was instructed to gather her belongings and that she would be transported to her new home. Mike would remain hogtied with duct tape and reasonably could be expected to free himself within less than two hours. The Whitehead retainer gag, which had forced his mouth to remain painfully open, was removed and replaced with duct tape wrapped around his head. It was unlikely Mike would be making much noise, even if he were not gagged, least someone else in the apartment building become aware of his predicament.

April had been observing the assault upon Mike with great delight. It took her less than five minutes to gather her belongings and she left without as much as saying goodbye to her now ex boyfriend. My only regret was that I did not have the opportunity to torture Mike personally. Despite my own proclivity to torture subs, I despise those males who persistently abuse their female companions. For some reason these scumbags just never end up in my dungeon, where they would receive their due.

April arrived at my home about twenty minutes after leaving the apartment, having been chauffeured by Master Joe, She had already been told she could expect to be subjected to some type of bondage upon her arrival, not that she wouldn&#8217;t have assumed otherwise. My first words to her were to proceed to the bathroom, strip naked, and then report to me in the living room. She was attired in jeans, a baggy sweatshirt, and sneakers, but her lack of anything more formal didn&#8217;t trouble me.

April quickly undressed and was standing at attention before me, as I sat on the couch. Without prompting she stated, At your service Mistress, with a tone of a chuckle in her voice. My preference is for terrified subs, and April&#8217;s demeanor was too comfortable to suit me; it would quickly change. I commented that her obesity was disturbing to me, and the planned regimen which include severe dietary restrictions. 

I then attached a leather collar around her neck and padlocked it into place; it would remain in place for the duration of her confinement. She was made to crawl to the guest bedroom while led by a leash, and to bark like a dog. Just basic humiliation, the painful floggings were planned for later on. Once in the bedroom I attached a seven foot heavy duty chain, anchored to the bed frame, to her collar. It was just long enough to allow her to lie down or to stand at the side of the bed.

My penchant has always been to spring some type of drastic surprise upon my sub, and April would be no exception. April had been sub contracted so to say, to another dominatrix for training. That dominatrix was none other than Lorraine, who had been April&#8217;s nurse during her brief psychiatric hospitalization a few years back. Despite some ill will that existed between Lorraine and I, she agreed to confine April at her own dungeon for approximately seven days. She had distinctly unpleasant memories of April.

These unpleasant memories were of course mutual, and when I informed April of the arrangement she responded angrily I&#8217;ll never serve that fat pig. This blatant remark cost April a severe flogging and she continued her defiance by lying on the bed and refusing to stand. I dragged the bitch to her feet by the hair, and by the time I had finished she her back, buttocks and boobs were replete with welts. Knowing of Lorraine&#8217;s penchant for the bull whip, April would be seeing red for some time to come.

Rather than permit her the relative comfort of sleeping with only the collar and chain, I used leather cuffs on her ankles and wrists to spread eagle her uncomfortably wide.&nbsp; She would also wear a tightly laced leather hood for the night with attached blindfold; the only comfort is that she would not be gagged. For further spite, I piped some gospel music from one of the XM channels over the CCTV audio. 

Whatever sexual attraction April had for me was most certainly diminished by her severe punishment, but it would put her in the proper frame of mind to become a well trained house slave. Ultimately I envisioned her serving in that role and being allowed to remain unrestrained while home alone. My plan was to play the good dominatrix/bad dominatrix routine. In the morning I would pretend to be sympathetic and to regret my decision to send her to Lorraine. As a token of good will I would promise not to tell Lorraine of April&#8217;s referring to her as a pig. By the time April finished seven days of training with Lorraine she would be putty in my hands, and malleable for my personal servitude.

At 7:00AM I removed April&#8217;s hood and spread eagle arrangement before engaging in my customary chicanery. It worked like a charm; she begged not to be sent to Lorraine but I pretended that it was beyond my control. I promised to do everything possible to influence Lorraine to treat her in a reasonably humane manner.

Lorraine arrived as agreed at 8:00AM and much to the surprise, and dismay, of April she was accompanied by Dr. Yen, the thirty something Chinese psychiatrist, who had been the attending physician at the time of the previous commitment. Neither was currently actively employed at the psychiatric center. Lorraine had been forced to retire because of her chronic alcoholism, and Yen was suspended without pay due to allegations he had sexually abused a female patient. It was expected that his employment would be terminated within a few months. In the meantime he was living with Lorraine and serving as her male sub.

My previous encounter with Yen left me with a most unfavorable opinion of him. In addition to my long standing contempt for male subs, Yen on occasion would attempt to play the role of a dom, something he was completely unsuited for. Yen still had his medical license which meant he could prescribe controlled substances, and I am certain this influenced Lorraine&#8217;s decision to have him as a sub.

Lorraine was clad in her customary sweatshirt and sweatpants. She had gained weight since I last saw her, and must have been at least 280. Since she only lives ten minutes away from me, it had been agreed she would transport April in her own vehicle. Lorraine was quick to note April&#8217;s welts, remarking that she must have been quite defiant to have received so many. I assured her that April had been obedient and was eager to serve her new dominatrix.

At that Lorraine displayed her customary coarse demeanor by decreeing April would perform oral sex upon Dr. Yen during transport from a kneeling position on the floor of the passenger side. She then cuffed April&#8217;s hands behind her back, and still wearing my collar was led out to her blazer, on a leash, by Yen. She remained naked, that is one preference Lorraine and I have always shared.

 Lorraine departed momentarily and via my CCTV I could see Yen sitting in the passenger seat with a very pleasant facial expression. April, crouched on the floor in front of him was not visible. She no doubt was working hard to please him orally, least she receive a severe flogging for disobedience. I found the whole thing disgusting. Yen was unworthy of a female sub, even a marginal one like April. The blazer exited the driveway and I was relieved knowing that in about seven days, I would have the services of a well trained house slave. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
END PART 76

































MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY PART 77&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

Over the years I have received several requests to subject different family members to bondage discipline. Most often this has been from a parent, with the most notable case being from my ex sister-in-law, who requested that I deal with her daughter Lori, and her drug dealing boyfriend. Ultimately this resulted in Lori being acquired by a lesbian biker gang, led by the nefarious Mother Jugs, and the boyfriend acquired by the equally nefarious Master Joe, then the premier gay bondage trainer in Central New York. Some of these requests were rejected because of age; I have no desire to session minors.

Most recently my niece, Joyce, requested that I subject her 19 year old son, Michael, to bondage discipline in order to correct what she considered flawed character development. Specifically he was a low level drug dealer and his female companionship was not to his mother&#8217;s liking. She considered him at least mildly homophobic. Fortunately with April subcontracted to Lorraine for training, it was an opportune time to take Michael in for training.

In such cases I ordinarily recommend a gay bondage trainer, with my first preference being Master Joe. A session with him involves painful flagellation combined with forced anal and oral sex. It has never failed to prove effective. All too often heterosexual males are subconsciously attracted to dominatrix discipline, and too inclined to desire future sessions. Indeed my best results have been with female homophobes; that is females who loathe lesbianism.

My niece would not consider a gay trainer and in the end I agreed to session Michael, with assistance from Noreen. It was made clear that Michael would have to appear at my dungeon voluntarily. My longstanding protocol is to have the sub enter the garage through a walk in door, once inside the door it is self locking and escape is impossible, but my CCTV records the initial voluntary entry.

You can imagine my chagrin when the van carrying him pulled into my driveway and he was removed in handcuffs, wearing a reverse ski mask as a blindfold, and gagged with tape. He put up a mild struggle but his mother and her boyfriend prevailed, forcing him into the garage before leaving immediately. I had no choice but to take delivery of and led him to the basement dungeon; his mother, having incurred my anger for disregarding my instructions, would be dealt with later. 

It quickly became apparent that Michael had resisted his mother&#8217;s idea for training and it had been necessary to transport him forcibly. At about 5&#8217;10, 160 pounds, his shoulder length brown hair was reminiscent of a 60s hippie. His struggling continued; so the handcuffs stayed on and ankle cuffs were added before I began shredding his clothes with my heavy duty scissors.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

While his struggles were of modest vigor, I had no difficulty removing the steel handcuffs that he was in and replacing them with my own leather cuffs. The rope work would come later, but for the time being I used my overhead pulley to winch his arms above and behind him. This is a most painful position and is well suited for struggling subs. Upon removing Michael&#8217;s mask and gag, I expected a torrent of obscenities from his mouth. Surprisingly, but wisely he remained silent, allowing me to explain his planned regimen without interruption.

Michael in my opinion was somewhat effeminate in his mannerisms, his voice was particularly irritating. Since there was no immediate need for speech on his part, a pair of soiled panties was wedged into his mouth to replace the tape gag. While Michael reportedly had a healthy heterosexual appetite, he would soon learn just how sadistic two dominatrix can be. Accustomed to inserting his cock into a female cunt, and having a female suck his cock, were two pleasures he would not be enjoying. Instead the female would be ass fucking him with a dildo, and his mouth would be making contact with the anal rather than the vaginal anatomy. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

My objective was to subject Michael to a painful and humiliating experience, such that he would not dare to engage in objectionable behavior, for fear of his mother forcing him to undergo another session with me. It was a pleasure to see Michael grimacing in pain from his stressful position as I explained this to him. Just to put him in a better frame of mind, I mentioned that Master Joe might stop by to inflict some gay bondage discipline upon him; not surprisingly he appeared terrified. While most desirous in cases like this, I had already assured his mother that I wouldn&#8217;t.
Michael&#8217;s mother had been emphatic in her request that I take some sexually explicit photos of him that she might use for future blackmail. I&#8217;m not particularly fond of this tactic, but an exception was made in this case. First it was time to subject Michael to some cross dressing. His jeans, sweatshirt, and underwear had already been shredded, leaving him naked except for his boots.

The boots were easily removed and fish net stockings and a garter belt minus panties were fitted onto him. A fake bra covered his upper body, a whorish looking gray wig was fitted over his head, and Noreen spent about five minutes doing a makeshift job of applying make up and lipstick. She also tied his cock and added a clamp to the top of it. This caused Michael to shriek through his gag in pain; at least we had found his weak spot.

After Michael was redone he was shown himself in a mirror, obviously this can only add to the humiliation in a case such as this. Noreen continued teasing his tied cock, bringing it to the verge of ejaculation before stopping. I then spent about five minutes taking photos of him with assurances they would be sent to his mother, as well as retained by me. I have to give Michael credit; aside from the shrieking due to the cock torture, he suffered his indignities with magnanimity. 

The plan was to inflict various tortures upon Michael for about two hours; after that he would be confined overnight in one of the cages. In the morning his mother and boyfriend would pick him up; I would have him ready upstairs in his female attire and he would depart so attired. Michael had very little pain tolerance for the flogger, crop or any or the CBT devices, and I wasn&#8217;t at all shy at assailing his lack of masculinity.

It always gives me great pressure to torture any sub, male or female, but in recent years my preference has been for the later. As I inflicted numerous flogger lashes to the Michael&#8217;s back and buttocks, I had the distinct feeling that Noreen was jealous. She strongly prefers dominating male subs, and in this case had been relegated to the rather perfunctory tasks of applying make up, and attaching the CBT devices to Michael. My means of dealing with such jealously by subordinates is to subject them to personal punishment, and I resolved to do this with Noreen in the very near future.

With Michael&#8217;s flogging complete, it was time to introduce him to the joy of being anally intruded by a female wearing a strap on; the joy in this case would be my own of course. Michael had remained gagged with a pair of soiled panties for most of the session, other than removing it to permit him to perform my enunciation protocol; such as sounding off with such phrases as Thank you Mistress I&#8217;m a worthless scumbag. To his credit, his performance was exemplary. None the less with the strap on about to begin he was gagged once more, this time with a penis gag strapped tightly into place.

 He remained in his initial restraint position; his wrists cuffed behind and winched up behind, his legs spread about three feet apart and secured with leather ankle cuffs to bolts in the floor. This left him in a painfully cramped position easily accessible for flagellation and anal penetration.

I spent about ten minutes using my strap on in, taking care to assure that the insertions were as painful as possible without causing serious injury. It was readily discernible from muscle tensing that he hadn&#8217;t been anally penetrated previously. Unfortunately his overall pain tolerance was relatively low, which of necessity would inhibit the degree of torture I could inflict. Despite my visceral sadism it is not desirous to have a sub in need of emergency room treatment.

 Every sub has a limit and I pride myself on my ability to take the sub to that limit. A sub pushed beyond their limit may suffer a severe physical or mental episode. I&#8217;m not concerned about the mental ones, especially with a scumbag like Michael. Every year one or two subs die as a result of BDSM play and I have a healthy fear of that possibility. I&#8217;m not about to become an inmate of the state corrections industry, not withstanding the fact that my dominate personality would assure a high ranking for me in the inmate pecking order.

Throughout the strap on session Michael remained stoic, depriving me of the pleasure of hearing him cry out in pain, however much his gag would suppress this.&nbsp; Before being caged for the night he would be subjected to one last humiliation; that of licking a female&#8217;s asshole with his tongue. For this portion of the session I took him down from the overhead bar and had him lie on his back on the floor, generously allowing a pillow for his head. His wrists were cuffed behind him and his ankle cuffs remained attached to the floor bolts.

After removing his gag I face sat upon him, facing his feet. It was made clear to him that ten minutes of deep ass licking was the minimum expected of him, and that failure to perform vigorously would result in additional whippings and an even lengthier period of tongue insertion. Once again to his credit Michael performance was more than adequate. I continued to masturbate his tied cock, bringing him to the verge of ejaculation, but stopping just short. He was forewarned that ejaculation would not be permitted and the consequences of doing so would be quite painful. To further torment him I stroked his cock several times as he burrowed away with his tongue.

At the end of ten minutes I decided Michael had enough ass licking for the day. While many males have licked my asshole over the years, I found Michael&#8217;s performance to be especially gratifying, if for no other reason that he was an unwilling sub. Emotionally and physically he was broken by what he had been subjected to, which means the dominatrix has done her job well.

 I probably could have freed him from his restraints without fear of resistance, but such is not the way I do business. The next step was to insert an anal butt plug and it was secured a homemade chastity device consisting of a chain around his waist, encircling his testicles, under his crotch and padlocked to the waist chain. This assured maximal discomfort for the duration of his overnight stay. The cock ring that had been placed on earlier was removed.

It was now time to spring a surprise on Noreen. Knowing that rope work is not her forte, I commanded her to tie Michael with his wrists in front of him. He was then placed in the cage and his bound wrists were attached by a cable tie to the top of the cage. It was a position well suited for overnight restraint; just enough to make him uncomfortable and disrupt sleep, but without risk of circulatory problems.

Noreen begrudgingly complied with my command but her disdain was apparent from her demeanor. Outside of Michael&#8217;s earshot I informed her that if he somehow slipped the rope work, she would spend several hours hogtied in my guest bedroom. In fairness I told Michael that should he slip the ropes or remove any of his female attire, that he would be confined for another full day of forced feminization instead of being released early the next morning.

Noreen continued to exhibit a disrespectful attitude towards me. She insisted that she be allowed to subject Michael to the golden shower treatment as he sat confined in the cage. She is well aware that I am loath to any play involving urine. My prompt and angry retort was that unless her attitude improved, she would be subjected to some harsh discipline; much more painful than my previous threat of hog tying her on the bed. She feigned an apology but we each knew that her disciplinary session was close at hand.

Michael&#8217;s night locked in the cage was uneventful. In addition to monitoring him using the CCTV, I went to the basement several times to inspect him. Each time I subjected him to some taunt. Part of his training regimen was that he would address me as Mistress each and every time I spoke to him. I must say his obedience in this respect was impressive. To provide adequate sensory balance I played continuous music from XM Satellite and piped it into his cell. This consisted of a mix of gospel and 40s music with no contemporary rock.

Noreen had a session scheduled for the evening with another male sub. The basement dungeon is partitioned into two halves, so her sub wasn&#8217;t aware that Michael was caged in the other half. She spent the night in my guest bedroom and I refrained from punishing her, at least for the present time.

At 9:30AM Michael&#8217;s mother and her boyfriend arrived to pick up the freshly disciplined scumbag. Michael was looking very haggard; after all it is difficult to sleep in a 4x4x4&#8217; cage with your wrists bound overhead to the bars. Part of his regimen was a recital to his mother imploring her for forgiveness and conceding his own worthlessness. I went over this carefully with him, making him aware that any deviation from the script would result in extended confinement.

When the time came for his release I fitted him with a flimsy, off the rack Wal Mart black sleeveless dress and a nondescript pair of heels of equal quality. This complimented the fishnets, bra and wig he had been fitted with upon his arrival. Since his male clothes had been shredded he would wear this attire for the trip home. Noreen spent a few minutes touching up his makeup. A collar and leash were attached to him and he was placed in the same steel handcuffs that he was in upon arrival.

The handcuffs were attached with a padlock in front of him to the ring on his collar. This is a most uncomfortable position and I continued to assail his lack of masculinity as I led him upstairs on the leash. The crotch chain and butt plug would remain in place with the key being provided to his mother. He immediately kneeled in front of the couch where his mother and friend were seated, and proceeded to perform his recital. 

His mother thanked me for my work,her boyfriend said not a word. This was fine with me, it was the first time I had met him and he gave me the creeps. Intuition suggested he was a bisexual piece of flotsam, unworthy of my niece&#8217;s companionship. I removed the collar and leash from Michael, and the boyfriend rearranged his cuffed wrists to the rear before leading him out to the van. Both of them got into the rear with my niece driving, and I had the distinct impression that sexual liberties were to be taken with Michael during transport.
Later I spoke with my niece by telephone and she was most favorably impressed by Michael&#8217;s change in attitude. I could not resist inquiring whether or not her boyfriend had used him sexually; she sheepishly confided that Michael had been forced to perform oral sex during the drive home. This perturbed me greatly as I felt Michael was deserving of being sexually used by Master Joe at my dungeon, and she was adamant in rejecting this. But I kept my thoughts to myself; family harmony sometimes tempers my candor.
END PART 77

















When I decided that Michael had suffered sufficiently, I ceased my efforts and removed him from his painful restraint posture, only to place him in one of my two cages, his wrists cuffed to the top of the cage. He would remain in this position until the next day, upon which time he would be released.















 













MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 78&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

April had completed only three days of her submissive training before Lorraine called me and opined that optimal results had been obtained, and continued training was of no value. I quickly surmised that Lorraine had either lost interest in April or that her living partner, Dr. Yen, was showing excessive interest in the temporary guest.

Lorraine had been calling me daily and keeping me appraised of developments in April&#8217;s training. This included having to listen to April&#8217;s screams as she was being bull whipped. Unfortunately this is one of Lorraine&#8217;s objectionable habits, but for the sake of harmony I pretended to be impressed.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

To my further surprise Lorraine was willing to transport April to my residence within the next hour, and while I wasn&#8217;t really keen on such a prompt delivery it saved me the necessity of travel to Lorraine&#8217;s. The household is in a general state of disrepair and her hygienic standards are repugnant to my tastes. April had been transported in the nude to Lorraine&#8217;s, but I was assured that clothing had been found for her to wear on the return trip.

About 45 minutes later Lorraine&#8217;s blazer pulled in to my drive; she was driving, Yen was seated in the front, and April in the rear. She was dressed in a matching pink sweat jacket and sweatpants with sneakers. Lorraine, as is customary, was dressed in a matching blue set of sweats. April&#8217;s blindfold was removed before she exited; this had been put in place to prevent her from identifying Lorraine&#8217;s residence. She was unrestrained except for a leather collar. Much to my delight Yen remained in the vehicle, with Lorraine attaching a leash and leading her into my house.

Once inside I removed April&#8217;s leash and ordered her to kneel in the living room while I chatted with Lorraine in the adjoining room. Lorraine had little to say, but assured me that April had been a most obedient slave. It was apparent from her tone that she had little enthusiasm for training my soon to be resident house slave, and clearly she had a distinctly unfavorable opinion of April. This most likely was incurred during the time April had been confined to the psychiatric hospital.

Lorraine stay was less than five minutes and immediately upon her departure, April was instructed to remove her sweat suit so I could observe the extent of her physical punishment. It was readily apparent that she had been severely bull whipped with red welts covering both sides of her upper body as well as the buttocks. My concern was that there might be permanent scarring, but only time would tell.

Next I questioned April extensively as to the specifics of her stay with Lorraine. The major portion of the training was multiple daily whippings, during which and after she would be attached to the overhead with leather cuffs for periods of one to three hours. In addition she was made to perform some leashing exercises; these consisted of being forced to crawl about the floor coupled with some enunciation exercises.&nbsp; The rest of her time was spent sitting in a cramped cage. Somewhat surprising was the absence of strap on penetrations by Lorraine; however she did not escape being required to lick her asshole for extended periods several times.



On one occasion Yen attempted to cunt fuck her while she was attached to the overhead but failed due to lack of a serviceable erection. The lowly Yen then had the audacity to berate her lack of sexual appeal before administering a savage whipping. This was the extent of Yen&#8217;s involvement in her training; the despicable wimp probably spent the rest of the time himself locked in another of Lorraine&#8217;s cages.

My future plans were to use April as a house servant, which of necessity would require her to be home alone. In the event any submissives were confined overnight, she would be responsible for monitoring them. Her primary role would to perform housecleaning chores and to serve me sexually from time to time. Another advantage of April&#8217;s presence would to be serve visiting dominatrixes or maledoms. This happens three or four times a year; someone from out of town stays overnight and having a well trained submissive slut available helps to make the stay more enjoyable.

April&#8217;s training was far from complete and I wasn&#8217;t ready to permit her to be home alone just yet. She was indebted to me for cutting short her stay with Lorraine; my chicanery was once again successful in convincing her of this. It was implanted in her mind that should I become dissatisfied with her performance, she would be returned to Lorraine for remedial discipline. While April is capable of some chicanery herself, I had no doubt she abhorred the prospect of further contact with Lorraine, and would make every effort to incur good standing with me.

April was placed temporarily on room lock, which means that she was confined to the guest bedroom with the door locked but not otherwise restrained. She was provided with clothing to wear around the house. My preference has always been for tight leather skirts and blouses and eventually I would take her to a boutique for some personal fitting, but for the time being some ill fitting shorts and a halter top would suffice. Until then I generously provided her with access to the CCTV system and XM radio with permission to choose her own channels.

It just so happened that this evening I was expecting a visit by a dominatrix wannabe, a twenty year old named Katie, from Oswego. I had never met Katie, but after seeing her picture and talking to her by phone; I decided to waive my customary public meeting with a new player. Usually this is done at the Carousel Center, with the primary purpose being to assure that the person is eighteen. In more than one case I&#8217;ve asked for photo ID. This might seem to be overreaching, but playing with minors potentially translates into major legal problems.

My attitude towards the majority of dominatrix is one of contempt. Reading the profiles on collar me tends to nauseate me, for I realize that fraud and inferiority are the norm. I tend to have even more contempt for the wannabe dominatrix who contact me by Email and expect that I will teach them the trade, complete with a submissive to practice upon. Over the years I have extended invitations to about seven wannabes, and only one was worthy of my tutelage. The rest ended up being unwilling submissives, much to their chagrin and my joy. I had no reason to expect Katie&#8217;s fate would be any different.

Katie was a leggy blond, blue eyes and about 5&#8217;9 and 125 pounds. I found her breast, ass, and facial features to be attractive but hardly stunning. Employed as a hair stylist, she professed to have no lesbian or bisexual leanings, and that she was interested only in dominating males. She had propositioned several male acquaintances to be submissive to her and all turned her down. Likewise she had never been submissive to a male. I hinted that I might have a male sub for her to practice upon, but of course I had no intention of doing so.

She was scheduled to arrive at 7:00 in the evening and I had directed Noreen to be present. These wannabes are prone to resist upon learning they will be the submissive. A few years ago I would have subdued such a bitch myself using a stun gun if necessary, but I was confident the presence of Noreen would deter any resistance. Noreen was surprisingly enthusiastic about her assignment; probably her ego required she prove herself superior to another aspiring dominatrix of males.

My plans were to chain April and Katie together for a half hour or so, forcing them to kiss one another, as well as sharing a double dildo. This type of Siamese training can be quit humiliating for a dominatrix, while the submissive finds it pleasurable. After several days of torture by Lorraine, April would find it a welcome relief. As much as I enjoy roping subs I&#8217;ve always found roping two of them together difficult. Instead I use a combination of leather waist belts, wrist and ankle cuffs. Each wears a leather collar and the two collars are chained together; they have no choice but to rub faces along with their cunts and boobs.

Katie arrived promptly at 7:00 and was dressed to kill. Underneath a modest chunky beige colored sweater coat she sported an expensive PVC vinyl choker top complimented by a vinyl mini, and mid calf black patent leather boots with two and a half inch heels. She had already told me she had no toys, but her vanity was reflected by the expensive attire, which I found unbecoming of someone who never had a bondage encounter.

Her first sign that something might not be right was when she was greeted by Noreen at the door and accompanied into the living room. There I stood with several coils of rope in my hand and of course no male was present. In a matter of fact way I introduced myself and explained my philosophy that an aspiring dominatrix must first undergo an audition as a submissive. I then ordered her to strip immediately, and that Noreen and I would forcibly do this should she balk.

She did indeed balk by complaining she wanted no part of such an arrangement. Mistress Noreeen assist me in stripping the bitch, I commanded and with lightning speed Katie was in a state of full nudity. Fortunately, for her that is, her attire was removed without the necessity of using my heavy duty scissors to shred it. I took the precaution of attaching a tight choker collar around her neck; this invariably inhibits the urge to struggle. The removal of boots can be quite difficult, but Noreen was able to accomplish this with ease. Katie continued her verbal protests but did not resist physically. Noreen was surprisingly enthusiastic in the subduing of a female, considering that she is focused almost exclusively upon males.

Ordinarily my protocol is to meet the sub in the garage, handcuff them, and take them to the basement. There they are stripped, either forcibly or voluntarily, and then attached to the overhead bar or placed in some type of restraining device. In this situation I modified my own protocol. After stripping Katie in the living room steel cuffs were used to cuff her wrists behind her. The ropes might be used later, but I tend to be somewhat mercurial when it comes to the specifics of a sub&#8217;s restraint. The tight collar that was strapped around Katie&#8217;s neck tends to put the sub in a better frame of mind for training.

Not wishing to listen to any of her babble I produced a pair of soiled panties, emphasizing they I had worn them the day before. They were then wedged into her mouth although it took a twist of her nipple before she cooperated. I motioned for Noreen to give her a vicious cropping across both boobs for further good measure. Katie cringed in pain as Noreen smiled, she was continuing to perform with uncharacteristic enthusiasm upon a female.

Katie was led on a leash to the basement and attached to the overhead with leather cuffs, her legs were spread wide and attached with leather cuffs to bolts in the floor. I then proceeded to explain what was in store for her. She could expect painful flagellation, anal strap on penetration, oral sex, as well as some basic obedience training. In addition she would spend some time with April in the Siamese position. Depending upon her attitude she would spend the night either in one of my cramped sitting only cages, or the relative comfort of my holding cell. While she couldn&#8217;t express herself with panties in her mouth, her body language was distinctly negative when overnight confinement was mentioned.

I quickly noticed that Katie was sporting a full mound of cunt hair. Few subs entering my dungeon unshaved, leave with it in the same condition, and Katie would be no exception. Noreen was instructed to pull up a chair and sit in front of Katie. It is time for the barber shop, I chuckled as Noreen began work using shaving lather and a straight razor. Katie&#8217;s gaze was distinctly hostile, so I attached a pair of nipple clamps to her boobs, to divert her attention from the shaving. It took Noreen nearly five minutes to finish, but I had to remove the clamps before that, as it was readily apparent that Katie had a low threshold of pain

My treatment of Katie was quite harsh and to the contrary of what she expected. However I did emphasize that if her performance as a submissive was acceptable, I would arrange an encounter with a male sub. I seriously doubted that Katie would ever return to my dungeon once released, but the unexpected can occur. With the shaving completed, I began flogging her but once again her low threshold prevented me from administering the optimal amount of lashes, so I adjusted the intensity accordingly.

After about five minutes of low to moderate intensity flogging, I decided to remove the panties from her mouth. She would be gagged later but for the time being I would subject her to some repetitive enunciation training. Her command was to repeat such demeaning phrases, as I&#8217;m a useless slut, at sufficient intensity. Her performance on this exercise was clearly deficient, despite progressively more painful lashes delivered after each phrase.

Next I planned to subject her to anal strap on penetrations, and for this the panties went back in her mouth. The bitch was foolish enough to express her objection by screaming into her panties; her restraints made it physically impossible for her to prevent any insertion. I don&#8217;t look kindly upon this type of behavior by a sub, so my response was to dab some mentholatum gel on my gloved fingers and insert it into her asshole. 

Predictably she cried out in pain and I stood in front of her laughing, then standing back for about two minutes to let the gel take its full effect. Using my ribbed dildo attached to my harness, I spent the next five minutes thrusting in a manner assured to cause maximal pain. Some dominatrixes are gentler with their anal insertions for fear of loosing a client. I have no such inhibitions; such activity it is intended to be painful, and a client lost will eventually be replaced by another.


From the training standpoint I was in a delicate situation. Ordinarily I pride myself on being able to take the sub to their breaking point by means of physical torture, but in this case Katie&#8217;s pain threshold was so low that to increase the level was to risk permanent scarring or disfigurement. Since my anal work brought her close to the max, I decided to try a different, more psychologically oriented ploy; this being the fear of sold to an Arab sheik as a harem slave.

Due to my extraordinary powers of chicanery this ploy has succeeded in the past. The first step was to play a porno CD featuring three American beauties abducted, shipped to Saudi Arabia on consignment, and then joining a harem, where they are trained in a most sadistic way. This CD was broadcast on the CCTV monitor and was easily viewable by Katie as she stood firmly attached to the overhead, legs spread wide, and both wrists and ankles with leather cuffs. What I needed next was someone posing as an Arab slave trader, and what better person than a real Arab. 

Over the years I have maintained a good relationship with the Syracuse area Islamic community, largely through contacts at SU. Several Arab males have shown an interest in BDSM and I have provided mentoring for them. I made a call to Waldo, whose actual name I can&#8217;t pronounce, who is a twenty something pre med student of Pakistani nationality. Despite the short notice he readily agreed to go along with my ruse and it was estimated he would arrive in about forty five minutes.

To keep Katie occupied until then I decided it was time for her to meet April. I had Noreen bring April, nude, collared, hands cuffed in the front and wearing ankle cuffs, on a leash from upstairs. Katie offered no resistance as we took her down from the overhead and made her stand facing April. 

 The Siamese arrangement was with Katie&#8217;s arms placed between April&#8217;s cuffed hands and around her waist. Leather restraining belts were attached around each of their waists. Katie&#8217;s wrists were then cuffed together to the belt behind April&#8217;s back. Padlocks were then used to connect their restraining belts and ankle cuffs together.

After making them lie on their sides, on the floor, the rules of the game were explained to them. They were to engage in deep mouth kissing until told to stop and any deviation would result in prompt and painful flogging. To make it a little easier for them another padlock was used to connect the rings of their collars together; this assured their faces would rub against one another and no amount of effort would prevent it.

To complete the Siamese arrangement I inserted a sixteen inch double dildo in each of their cunts. It was just the right length that any significant amount of struggling would dislodge the intruder, and that too would be considered deviation resulting in a severe flogging. Once inserted I ordered Katie to be the aggressor with the kissing; April by her submissive nature would be quite willing to do so, but the idea was to force the aspiring dominatrix to be the submissive.

Somewhat to my surprise Katie performed rather aggressively with the kissing. It was much to my disappointment as I enjoy punishing bitches in situations such as this, but to maintain her credibility a dominatrix must reward the bitch for adequate performance. It was also to my surprise that the dildo did not become dislodged; I suspected April might intentionally to do so knowing that both of them would be flogged. But then again April had just endured a regimen of painful bull whipping by Lorraine, and probably had suffered enough for awhile.

After about fifteen minutes of this I decided to discontinue the Siamese arrangement. April was led back to the guest bedroom by Noreen, while Katie was placed in one of my two cages, giving her a brief respite before Waldo&#8217;s arrival. Katie was clearly terrified by the prospect of harem slavery, but prudently refrained from protesting her plight. She would still be subjected to forced oral and anal sex with another female, but that would be after Waldo&#8217;s departure. It would only be appropriate to offer him a piece of the bitch as well.

Waldo arrived as schedule and was dressed in a business suit with an authentic turban around his head. Sporting a full length beard, he looked every bit like an Arab businessman. I spoke with him upstairs and described precisely what I wanted him to say and do. His sexual preference was for oral sex with Katie, with the proviso that a dental gag would be used to force her mouth open. This request was granted.

Katie was removed from the cage and restrained in a different manner, with her wrists cuffed behind her back. A ten inch spreader bar was used to connect the cuffs to the ring of her collar. This had the desirable effect of forcing her to stand rigidly erect, as well as to thrust her boobs forward.

Waldo made some unflattering comments concerning Katie&#8217;s anatomy as he lewdly finger fucked her cunt, while groping other parts.&nbsp; At one point Katie attempted to back away; Waldo&#8217;s response was to grab her by the hair and use a flogger to administer a vicious stroke to her boobs. 

It will be difficult to find a buyer for her, but I will try announced Waldo upon finishing his examination. That must have brought a glimmer of relief to Katie, but it was short lived as Waldo dialed a number on his cell phone, and began simulating a conversation in Arabic-at least I thought it was simulated. You will now speak with Sheik Abadar and answer his every question, commanded Waldo.

I was hardly enthusiastic at the prospect of a two way conversation, especially if one end was foreign. It is well known that terrorist watch lists exist, and for all I knew either or both of the callers might be on it. I don&#8217;t need the NSA tracing Waldo&#8217;s cell phone to my location. None the less I let the ruse continue. Waldo generously turned on the speaker phone so we all could enjoy the conversation.

A heavily accented male identified himself as Sheik Abadar and stated from hearing Waldo&#8217;s assessment, that Katie was not harem material. Instead he suggested that Waldo attempt to arrange for her enslavement with the FARC guerilla group in Colombia. If she didn&#8217;t make the cut as a sexual provider, she would be put to use cultivating the coca group. Katie was clearly distressed by this news and at this point Waldo cut her off from the conversation, she never did speak with the Sheik. After turning off the speaker, Waldo continued to converse in Arabic as Noreen and I strained to avoid laughing.

Waldo promised to get back to me tomorrow with the sheik&#8217;s decision, but in the mean time he expected sexual service from Kati, as we had agreed to earlier. Katie was fitted with a whitehead type gag which would force her mouth to remain open for penile penetrations. She was then forced to a kneeling position, her hands still bound behind her back and collar connected. Waldo had no interest in Katie using her tongue to bring him to orgasm, his intent was to fuck her by mouth as quickly as possible and to swallow his load of ejaculate.

This arrangement was quickly facilitated with Waldo taking less than five minutes before achieving his objective, at which point he left. Seldom do I have sympathy for my female subs, but in this case it was clear that Katie was on the verge of an acute psychotic episode. After all the prospect of being adbucted and sold to the FARC is not an everyday occurrence, nor is being mouth fucked by an Arab. My feelings towards Katie weren&#8217;t so negative, that I would wish this upon her, although in this case it was a moot issue.

I decided that Katie would be informed of the ruse after she demonstrated her willingness to use her mouth to service another female&#8217;s cunt and asshole. As I needed another break, I decided to put my rope skills to work; they tend to get rusty from disuse. Katie was placed in a rigid hogtie, regagged with my panties, and left to writhe on the floor. To prevent her from rolling about the dungeon I attached a six foot chain to her collar, and secured it to a floor bolt. Upstairs Noreen and I each had a shot of liquor, amusing ourselves by watching and listening to Katie over the CCTV. There wasn&#8217;t much to listen to, as Katie evidently despaired of the erotic moaning sounds produced by a gag. Perhaps if I had inserted a vibrator in her cunt she would have been more expressive.

After about thirty minutes, Noreen and I returned to the dungeon. It was time to introduce Katie to some forced oral lesbian sex, of the anal and vaginal type. I had already instructed Noreen that she would be the recipient of Katie&#8217;s anal mouth work. Noreen proceeded to remove her from the hog tie and gag. Her wrists remained bound behind her back, rarely do I allow one of my subs to perform mouth work without being so bound.

 After shedding my vinyl mini, I pulled up a chair and sat in front of my kneeling captive cutie. Before continuing it was explained to her that I hadn&#8217;t yet made up my mind on whether to sell her to a slave trader, or to keep her as a house slave. It was emphasized that an exceptional performance on the oral and anal exercises just might sway me in favor of keeping her for my own use. I thrive on this type of manipulation, and in this case I sensed it would be quite effective.

Katie&#8217;s performance with her mouth upon my cunt exceeded my own expectations. She strained forward, burrowing her tongue into my cunt and licking with feverish intensity. At my age I am inured to orgasms resulting from this activity, the real gratification is seeing the desperation and humiliation of the female sub. The sub is engaged in activity that she abhors, believing that her freedom hinges upon my whim. Of course her fate has been decided, in that she will be set free in the morning and is unlikely to ever visit again.

With Katie&#8217;s mouth work on my cunt complete, it was time for her to do the same on Noreen&#8217;s asshole. Noreen propped two pillows upon the floor in front of the kneeling bitch, and positioned herself on her knees upon the pillows, facing away from and so that her asshole was level with Katie&#8217;s mouth. I stood behind Katie with my crop in hand, ready to deliver painful strokes, should her performance lag.

Katie&#8217;s performance in licking Noreen&#8217;s asshole was more than adequate, although I delivered a couple of strokes just for my pleasure. After five minutes I decided it was time to halt this phase of the training process. At this point my feelings towards Katie still were not exceedingly negative, so I decided to inform her of my ruse. She seemed somewhat relieved, to say the least, when I informed her that I had no intention of selling her into slavery. I explained that all dominatrix aspirants are subjected to the same treatment, and that I was willing to allow her to audition on a male submissive, during a future visit. Katie tried her best to feign her gratitude, but realistically I knew she would never return.

The final portion of Katie&#8217;s regimen was that she would be confined overnight. Rather than subject her to solitary confinement, I decided that she would share a bed with April for the night. However I had no intention of allowing any sexual contact between them, and that if given the opportunity April would be delighted to do so.

Thus I arranged them both on the double bed in the guest bedroom. April was arranged so that her wrists were cuffed above her head to the headboard. Katie was arranged so that her wrists were cuffed likewise to the foot of the bed, both had their ankles cuffed as well. This effectively prevented any meaningful contact between the two.
 For further measure two strips of black duct tape were placed over Katie&#8217;s mouth, with a warning that should they be removed her period of confinement would be extended. April was not gagged as I was satisfied she would heed my warning not to engage in conversation. To keep April pleasantly occupied I inserted a multi speed vibrator into her cunt, and secured it with a chastity belt. Set on low speed, it would buzz at least until morning. To further keep them occupied, a long play porn video was played over the CCTV, after that one of the televangelists would sermonize for a couple of hours on XM radio.

END PART 78
















































 












MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 79&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

In a very short period of time April has been trained to be a reliably efficient house slave. She can now be left unattended although she is aware that I possess remote video technology, enabling me to periodically monitor her activities. Her duties include housekeeping, cooking, grass cutting, and of course providing sexual service to me when desired. The mere threat of sending her back to Lorraine for remedial training causes her to be visibly distressed.

There is some ongoing personality conflict between Noreen and April. After assessing all the facts I&#8217;m of the opinion that April is primarily to blame. Her most severe punishment to date has been flogging and confinement to the cage for extended periods. If the situation doesn&#8217;t improve April will be sent to Lorraine for a few days of remedial training. Noreen has also been somewhat problematic of late in that she has been drinking excessively. One night she became inebriated at my bar and was making a fool of herself. I actually had to cut her off and arrange for a ride to my home for her, she would have never made it to Cortland without wrecking her car, at the minimum.

Unfortunately I need Noreen&#8217;s assistance periodically, thus it is necessary to tolerate her shortcomings. Her dominatrix business has declined, and while it never generated significant revenue for me, some of her male clients have taken their business to a different dominatrix. I find this aspect particularly perturbing, as I perceive it is a personal sleight.&nbsp; My opinion is she would be better suited with a female clientele, but attempts to persuade her to switch have been to no avail.

An ethical dominatrix won&#8217;t discuss their customers with other dominatrixes, nor discuss other dominatrixes. But in reality they do, and over the years several dominatrixes have incurred my ill will for making derogatory remarks about me. I specifically recall about ten years ago, when a new dominatrix in town tried to lure some of my male clientele by casting aspersions upon my overall competence.

My reaction was to pay the bitch a visit at her home, at a time when I knew she would be alone. Without using any weapon, such as a stun gun, I stripped, hogtied and gagged the struggling bitch After a heavy flogging I left her to writhe in agony, knowing she could not free herself, and that her friend would discover her within an hour or so. Nothing ever became of the matter, but the humiliation resulted in her relocating to California.

As readers of this series are aware my primary bondage interest lies with the unwilling, or at least the semi willing type of female sub. Typically a husband or boy friend, with financial dominance in the relationship, will require the female to undergo bondage discipline, or face termination of the relationship. In the community it is widely known this is my forte, and invariably my services are sought. I have enjoyed every one of these sessions, and might add they command a lucrative fee. My basic rule is that the sub enters through my garage door voluntarily. Once inside it automatically locks and the sub can be restrained; forcibly if necessary. The exterior CCTV records the entry as voluntary and provides a degree of legal protection, although no such problems have ever arisen.

Why would a female turn unwilling after willingly entering through the door? The most common reason is that some of the males fail to inform the sub that her trainer will be a dominatrix. If a sub is intolerant of lesbian sex once she realizes the male of her dreams won&#8217;t be training her, she may react violently. This of course is the first fact I make known to them when they arrive. I simply crave this type of situation and the inherent pleasure that comes from subduing such a bitch.

Recently a most challenging situation was offered to me, and it took a great deal of reflection before I accepted it. The female to be disciplined was an active duty Air Force captain, stationed at the local air base. It wasn&#8217;t her husband or boy friend who sought my services, but instead it was one of her male enlisted subordinates, whom was a regular at my bar, and was aware of my dominatrix orientation. Tom, as I shall call him, recently had his duty orders changed at the instigation of Gwen, he was to be reassigned to North Dakota. He believed this was for spite as he had recently become romantically involved with a local female. Prior to that Gwen had unsuccessfully hit upon him for sex. 

Captain Gwen, as she is known, is a 36 year old Air Force careerist, whose subordinates consist both of active duty and reserve personnel. She rules as an absolute tyrant, with one of her penchants being to confine both male and female personnel to their quarters, for the most trivial infractions. In addition she frequently schedules reservists for duty at a time inconvenient for them. The widely held belief is that she is a failed heterosexual and resents anyone who might enjoy a successful relationship. She has hit upon several males at the base for sex, but without success.

Tom offered me a most lucrative fee if I could arrange for the bitch to be abducted and trained. Needless to say I was quite surprised as he is not a wealthy person. Prudence dictates not inquiring as to the source of his finances, but the offer was extremely appealing. However balanced against this was the difficulty of abducting an officer from a military base, transporting her to my dungeon, and preventing her from identifying any of her abductors.

My first thought was Master Joe, the preeminent sadistic gay bondage personage, in the Syracuse area. But his services don&#8217;t come cheap and when added to my costs, was prohibitively expensive and still a pragmatic nightmare. However my source informed me that Gwen regularly patronized a Mattydale bar on Friday nights, and was invariably inebriated upon departing. She then drove about a mile to her off base apartment, which was located in a rather isolated area. Abducting her from the bar parking lot as she departed was hardly a realistic option, but a snatch from her driveway seemed to be within the realm of feasibility.

 When I broached the topic with Master Joe, he was surprisingly enthusiastic considering that the victim was a female. Joe and his fellow goons, for a lucrative fee, would be responsible only for transporting Gwen to my Camillus home, and from that point on it was my responsibility to arrange for her eventual release. The thought of selling her to a foreign slaver was certainly appealing; an ever present fantasy of mine, but I wasn&#8217;t about to attempt such a drastic measure. Hopefully the trauma of her abduction would result in her being reassigned to a more distant base. She would be led to believe that her abduction was for the purpose of being forced to participate in a bondage video. It was imperative that she not suspect that someone from the base was involved in the scheme.

Preliminary reconnaissance by Master Joe was favorable. Gwen&#8217;s apartment was located such that it was not readily visible at night from any nearby house; equally important was that the upstairs apartment was vacant. She would be snatched after parking her vehicle in the driveway and before she could enter through the door of her house. A tentative date of the upcoming Friday was set for the operation. Joe and three of his goons would participate, and typically he was secretive about the details. My offer to participate in the actual driveway snatch was declined. However I would be responsible for transporting Gwen after her bondage session was complete, and well not nearly as exciting, would entail significant risks.

In the meantime April had become outright defiant of my authority; one of her demands was that I provide her with a vehicle so she could travel about. She flatly refused to perform any of her household duties and had the audacity to refer to me as a bitch. My response was swift and certain; she would be sent to Lorraine&#8217;s for remedial training and would remain there until after Gwen departed. She also received an unexpected slap to her face; even Noreen was startled by its viciousness. A phone call to Lorraine indicated that April would be most welcome as a guest. She agreed to take delivery of her immediately.

April was attired rather fashionably in a black mini and white blouse, combined with fishnet stockings and five inch heels. I suspect part of the reason for her rebellion was my insistence on higher dress standards; she would have much preferred to lounge about in jeans and a sweatshirt. Her restraint was simple but effective and consisted of cuffing her wrists behind her with steel cuffs, attaching a cervical type collar around her neck, and using a cable tie to connect the cuffs to her collar. To that was added a black leather sensory deprivation hood, complete with snap on eye blinders and a plug in gag.

April was in no position to resist as Noreen and I led her to my van. She was made to sit on the floor between the dashboard and passenger seat for the ten minute drive to Lorraine&#8217;s. As Noreen had another commitment, I proceeded to transport April by myself.&nbsp; Upon pulling into Lorraine&#8217;s driveway, she and Dr. Yen, her living companion, were waiting in the driveway. Yen was a chronic sufferer from ED, in that he could never get it on when the time came to fuck a sub. I had suggested to Lorraine that she consider having him injected with some type of erectogenic drug, such as Papaverine HCL. She rejected this idea, preferring to have a wimpish sub than a dom who could get it on.

If April had any hopes that Yen might somehow attain erectile competence, they were quickly dashed by Lorraine. I have Yolanda, a black dominatrix, coming to assist me in training the bitch, and Yen will stay caged for the entire time she intoned. This must have been bitter music to April, as she harbors a deep rooted contempt for Blacks, male or female. Her gag prevented vocal expression of her sentiments, and the blindfold deprived me the pleasure of seeing her facial expressions of abject dread. Lorraine declined my assistance in leading April to the dungeon, and I departed satisfied that she was in good hands, and the intended punitive regimen was most appropriate.

The abduction of Gwen was set for Friday night or early Saturday morning. At 1:30AM I received a cell call from Joe stating cryptically I&#8217;ll be at your place soon. That meant about thirty minutes, the distance it would require to drive at a prudent speed from Mattydale to Camillus. Joe had previously used his Happy Ice refrigerated truck for abductions, but tonight he was using a new cargo van. While I had never seen it, reportedly it was designed with extra soundproofing qualities, and a windowless cargo hold. In addition it had a CCTV/audio system which enabled the driver to see and hear what was transpiring in the rear at all times.

Joe had furnished scant details of the abduction method, other than stating he intended to use chloroform. I expected he would be using two of his goon assistants; they have always been a motley and unfriendly crew. The bitch would be blindfolded upon arrival at my dungeon, as it was important they not be able to identify the exterior of my home. For additional security Joe, his assistants, Noreen and I would wear ski masks until the prisoner was safely restrained in the basement. It would be necessary to remove Gwen&#8217;s blindfold periodically, so it was most important that anyone present be masked at that time.

It was agreed that Joe would take one additional precaution involving Gwen&#8217;s cell phone, which would be taken from her at the time of abduction and the battery removed. After she was delivered to my dungeon Joe would drive to a location in the inner city of Syracuse, where he would reactivate the phone and make assorted calls. The phone would then be returned to me. Should Gwen decide to report the incident, the cell phone records would point to a location several miles away. Joe was not too happy when I insisted upon this, but however reluctant he agreed to it.

Precisely at 2:00AM a passenger vehicle pulled into my driveway. This was the decoy car. In the event a police patrol tried to stop the van, the decoy would engage in some action which would cause the patrol to pursue the decoy instead of the van. Moments after the decoy car pulled into the drive; the van arrived and was backed in by Master Joe. Joe and his passenger exited the van, followed by the driver of the decoy car. All three wore ski masks as did Noreen and myself.

Once the rear door of the van was opened I caught my first live view of Gwen, although I had seen her picture previously. Her facial features were concealed by a head sack she was wearing, with wrists and ankles bound with cable ties. She was not gagged due to the chloroform, and Joe had not seen fit to secure her ties to the various bolts in the van. Due to her groggy condition there was little risk of her thrashing about or screaming, not that anyone would have heard it. Joe cut the cable ties binding her ankles leaving it to Noreen and myself to lead her into the basement. Joe and his goons promptly departed without saying a word.

The bitch did not resist or say a word as she was led to the basement; Joe had most likely threatened to inflict severe pain upon her if she did either. Gwen was not fashionably attired with black slacks, and a gray fleece windbreaker over a red pull over sweater. Had a sub voluntarily appeared at my dungeon so attired she would have been punished for poor fashion, but by the standards of the Mattydale bar scene, it was the norm. Joe had already removed her low cut heels inside the van, reasoning that they can serve as a weapon for a desperate bitch once the ankle bindings are removed.
Her face still covered with the sack, Gwen was quickly spread-eagled to my overhead bar using leather wrist and ankle cuffs, the later were affixed to bolts in the floor. A tight leather collar would encircle her neck for the duration of her confinement. Removing the sack enabled me to catch my first glimpse of Gwen facially, and she struck me as rather attractive physically. I found myself intuitively taking a rather benevolent feeling towards her, despite all I had heard about her chicanery and tyranny as an officer. This of course is a dangerous for a dominatrix, whose primary role is to satisfy her paying customer. In this case that meant subjecting Gwen to a great deal of punishment and humiliation.

Not surprisingly the first words out of Gwen&#8217;s mouth were you have no right to do this to me. My reaction was to stuff a pair of my soiled panties into her mouth and warn her that any attempt to expel them would result in unbearable pain for her. It was emphasized these were the panties I had worn the day before. She was then informed of what was in store for her; that she was being forced to participate in a lesbian bondage video, which would be distributed to a choice few individuals. If she cooperated she would be released within twelve hours. Otherwise the video would be posted upon the Internet and it would be brought to the attention of her superiors. I made her aware that we knew her identity and status, and that she had been under surveillance for some time.

Next on the order was the removal of her clothes, and once again my heavy duty scissors shredded every piece she was wearing, except the panties wedged in her mouth. I assured Gwen that I had other clothes for her to wear if and when, I emphasized the if, she was released. To play on her fears I mentioned that I was expecting a call from an Arab slave trader. This ruse, which sometimes includes a real Arab appearing in person, never fails to terrify the captive.

The panties were removed after only about a minute; she would be regagged soon enough. One form of humiliation that I occasionally practice is to make the sub recite her measurements, which they usually are unable to do accurately. Gwen was no exception so using a measuring tape I determined she was a 34-31-33, with a 34C cup. I estimated her height and weight to be 5&#8217;4 and 135 pounds. With brown eyes and hair, she was hardy a looker but did exude a fair amount of sexuality. 

My preference for my women is that they remain gagged unless I have a specific use for their mouth, such as enunciation training, or oral sex. As Gwen would not be performing either for at least a half hour, her panty gag was replaced with a leather cock gag. Her displeasure with this device was readily apparent and I cooingly assured her that she would enjoy the impending lesbian sex, while at the same time fondling her tits and finger fucking her cunt. The smile that this brought to my face was blocked by the ski mask I was wearing.

I stood back to admire my work. What started as a night on the Mattydale bar scene had turned drastically wrong for Gwen. She was now a prisoner in a strange basement; handcuffed, collared, gagged and naked. The trappings of the dungeon such as the cage, holding cell, whips, paddles and assorted other devices were visible to her and left no doubt as to the purpose of the basement. The stern disciplinarian would now be forced to accept some discipline herself, from a 6 foot tall woman wearing black latex pants with a zipped upper, and wearing a ski mask. Indeed it was a most climactic end to what was probably an unsatisfying night at the local pub.

For the next segment of her confinement Gwen felt the sting of my flogger over much of her body. She would have welts, I made sure of this, but they would heal. Throughout the flogging Gwen valiantly tried to avoid screaming, even though the gag would largely suppress it. After about twenty minutes of flogging her while gagged, I removed the gag to permit enunciation training. This is the phase in which the sub is required to sound off after every lash, with some demeaning statement such as I&#8217;m a worthless slut or Thank you mistress may I have another. The intensity of the lashes is dependent upon the decibel level of the sub&#8217;s response.

To her credit Gwen performed exceptionally well on this phase. I switched to a rattan and ended up delivering twelve strokes to her buttocks, reciting I&#8217;m a worthless slut as many times. I strongly suspected she will have an episode of laryngitis as a result. After the last stroke I reapplied her cock gag, and forced her to watch a porn video on the wide screen in front of her. It was my favorite video, the one that follows the abduction of a beauty queen, and her voyage in the cargo hold of an ocean going freighter, to Saudi Arabia, where she becomes a harem slave of some wealthy sheik.
With the flogging complete I donned my strap on device, purposely making this visible to her. After gagging and then blindfolding her with a spandex hood, I stood back in such manner that she could not predict precisely when I would commence my penetrations. The anticipation of a bitch, in this mode of sensory deprivation, knowing that she is about to be raped in a painful manner and helpless to prevent it is most agonizing; I left her in such a state for nearly five minutes to ponder her plight.

After removing her hood, but not her gag, I commenced frontally fucking her cunt. Gwen was warned that if she wished to climax it would require her asking permission, even though this meant speaking through her gag. This is one of the most enjoyable aspects of fucking an unwilling bitch; it has always been my observation that the more sluttish they are, the longer they will hold out before climaxing. Gwen proved to be no exception, and after nearly ten minutes of my varied speed strap on thrusting she begged, however muffled, for such permission. After her climax I further disparaged her verbally, just furthering my sadistic gratification as I prepared for the anal phase of her rape.

Once again I blindfolded Gwen and stood back to again let her ponder her plight. The cunt fucking phase had been done in a rather gentle manner, but this was not to be the case with the anal. It would be intentionally painful and she would remain both blindfolded and gagged. Normally I interrogate my subs to learn some of the more prurient aspects of their sexual experiences, but in this case had not. Gwen was on a compressed schedule and would be released within three or four hours at the most. This fact somewhat diminished my enthusiasm for the session, as I enjoy breaking the spirit of a bitch such as her. If I kept her confined for three or four days, I had no doubt her character would be significantly transformed, but that was wishful thinking.

My anal penetrations lasted approximately ten minutes. Her gag suppressed what would otherwise have been ear shattering screams. It was obvious that she detested this form of sex, and of course that only encouraged me to increase both the tempo and duration of my penetrations. When I finished I removed her blindfold, once again disparaged her as a useless slut, and then delivered a vicious cropping to her cunt. The bitch was nearing the point of hysteria, which while uncommon amongst my subs, would least be expected from an Air Force officer.

I decided to give her a few minutes to regain her composure before I began the oral phase of her training and as luck would have it my cell rang. It showed the caller as Lorraine who is well aware that I don&#8217;t like to be disturbed at such a late hour. I assumed that it had to be something important and indeed it was. The inebriated slob informed me that she had allowed Yolanda, the Black dominatrix, to take April to a dungeon in the Pompey Hill area. This happened to be the residence of a high level pimp with whom Yolanda was on good terms. In fact the pimp used Yolanda to discipline any of his hookers who might get out of line.

To say that I was infuriated was an understatement and I immediately demanded that Lorraine take steps to have April returned as soon as possible. The slob had the gall to hang up on me and refusing to answer my subsequent calls. In no way did I want April serving a group of males or being tortured by Yolanda for the pleasure of someone else. My plans were now in disarray as going to Pompey Hill in person meant that Gwen would not be released on schedule and would require postponing her forced oral sex. Yet I felt the alternative, of April being tortured and used, took priority.

In times of emergency I am level headed and in this case decided Noreen would monitor Gwen while I proceeded alone to Pompey Hill. Noreen wasn&#8217;t overly thrilled at this, but Gwen was locked in my sitting room only cage, minimizing the burden of controlling her. Within twenty minutes of receiving the call I was in my van and headed for Pompey Hill. I found myself driving well above the speed limits, which is a luxury one can afford when you don&#8217;t have a female bound and gagged in the vehicle.

As I drove I pondered the situation. My relationship with Yolanda was not antagonistic, but I have little respect for her ability as a dominatrix. She is cruel and ruthless, much like me, but the difference is she is prone to push a sub beyond their limits. I have heard of at least one sub having been hospitalized with a psychosis, due to having been pushed beyond her limits. In addition Yolanda was known to use chloroform indiscriminately. While one doesn&#8217;t have to be a board certified anesthesiologist to be competent, an even temperament is a prerequisite. Yolanda has a volatile temper, aggravated by her penchant for crack cocaine. Knowing of April&#8217;s aversion towards a dominatrix of color, it was likely she strenuously resisted being transported and was subdued using the drug.

Of greater concern than Yolanda were the other people I could expect to encounter at the rural mansion house. TJ, as I shall call him, is the preeminent pimp in the area and his friends include some major players in the local drug market. The mansion sets several hundred feet back from the road with trees blocking a view from the road; a most desirous situation for thwarting police surveillance. It was likely there were weapons in the house, but my hope was that I could reason with TJ and persuade him to release April without hassle. A few years ago I had somewhat of a falling out with TJ, who is black. He was seeking a dominatrix to discipline his arrogant hookers, but chose Yolanda because of her race. However I have chatted with him a few times over the years and detected no bitterness towards me.

Upon arriving at the mansion I dialed Yolanda&#8217;s cell number and surprisingly she answered coherently. I told her I had come to pick up April and to send TJ outside, as I was reluctant to enter the house. Woman on woman, I&#8217;ll go up against any bitch, but not when I&#8217;m outnumbered by violent thugs. Within three minutes TJ walked out the front door to greet me and extended an offer to come inside. I bluntly told him I wouldn&#8217;t and firmly requested that he release April immediately, explaining that Lorraine did not have consent to have her transported to another location. It looks like I&#8217;ve been lied to he responded, referring to Yolanda, and went on to say how he respected the rights of a dominatrix to control her personal slave. I&#8217;ll have her out in ten minutes he promised before going back inside. I breathed a sigh of relief, knowing I would be not involved in any violent confrontation. The likelihood that I would incur Yolanda&#8217;s resentment did not concern me.

Within ten minutes April emerged from the mansion attired in the same clothes she had been wearing when I delivered her to Lorraine; the cervical posture collar was still in place. Seeing no need to restrain her, I sat her in the front of the van and left immediately for my home. Considering her ordeal she seemed to be pretty well composed and I immediately began questioning her as to the specifics.

After being delivered to Lorraine&#8217;s she had been taken to the basement, stripped naked, and cuffed to an overhead in a standing position. Expecting a severe bull whipping, she was forced to stand for nearly an hour until Yolanda arrived, and during this period she was mostly unattended and not molested in any way. After Yolanda&#8217;s arrival, April&#8217;s trio of captors indulged in some crack cocaine. This evidently led to Lorraine acquiescing to Yolanda&#8217;s request to transport April to TJs mansion.

As expected April struggled and was rendered unconscious with chloroform. When she regained consciousness she found herself still naked and hogtied on the rear floor of Yolanda&#8217;s BMW. Before being removed from the vehicle she was blindfolded and then led into the mansion, where she was bound doggy style on the floor. For the next hour or so she was ravaged sexually by an estimated four assailants; she was taken anally and vaginally, and forced simultaneously to perform oral sex. April remained blindfolded throughout these assaults but was positive than TJ had been one of the assailants.

When the sex orgy ended Yolanda announced to the group that she would skin the white bitch alive. Luckily I called at precisely the right time and thus April was spared any flagellation or further torture. As I headed for home the cell rang and it was Lorraine. She had the audacity to request that I return April to her home so that she her session there could resume. Rather than vent my rage over the phone I simply told her that April was returning to my home and that I would discuss the matter with her at another time.

Upon returning home April was placed on room lock, meaning locked in her bedroom and without radio, television or a computer. Considering what had been through I couldn&#8217;t bring myself to inflict any further physical punishment or restraints. In addition Captain Gwen was locked in a cage in the basement and awaiting her oral sex regimen.

END PART 79







 






































From my standpoint the main drawback of this type of abduction, is that meticulous care must be taken to prevent the victim from identifying any of the abductors, as well as the place of confinement. Since a sub can&#8217;t be blindfolded indefinitely, that means I would have to wear a mask much of the time, something which I find distasteful. The tentative plan was to abduct and confine the bitch for less than forty eight hours, in the hope she would not be reported missing. With luck, once released she would be too embarrassed to report the matter to the police.

Joe scouted the parking lot of the bar in question and felt it was reasonably safe for an abduction; most importantly he could detect no security cameras in the area. The




















MEMORIES OFLONG TALL MARY Part 80&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by Long Tall Mary

Captain Gwen appeared dejected as I unlocked the cage and attached a leash to her collar. Before beginning the oral sex phase I decided to make her crawl on all fours about the dungeon, barking like a dog in the process, as a little added humiliation wouldn&#8217;t hurt her. Ordinarily I use my flogger on subs that don&#8217;t perform these exercises adequately but in this case I was concerned about pushing her beyond her limits. She had been subjected to a heavy dose of flogging previously, and her pain tolerance was noticeably on the low end. However she performed adequately on the leashing exercise.

I had set up a tripod in full view of Gwen so that it was apparent to her a video was being made. The video would be added to my library after a copy was shown to Tom, the enlisted man who had instigated the whole affair. He had initially insisted on being given a personal copy of the video, but I flatly refused. Sooner or later word of this would leak out and I would be facing some serious criminal charges. Tom would be limited to a single showing of the video and I emphasized the dire consequences should the affair ever be revealed to anyone.
The leashing exercises allowed Gwen to relieve the stress of having been locked in the cramped cage but they lasted less than ten minutes. It was time for the oral sex finale and for this I cuffed her wrists behind her back, ordering her to kneel in front of me as I sat on a couch. She would not have resisted even without the restraints but it has long been my preference that subs who serve me orally do so in this manner, or hands free.

To demonstrate for Gwen the consequences of a less than vigorous performance, I attached a clamp to each of her nipples and then yanked bank and forth on the connecting chain. Predictably she shrieked in pain as I sat smiling. The clamp would remain in place. She then began tonguing my pussy and I made her keep it up for nearly five minutes.&nbsp; Being sixty years old my physiological responses to such stimulation isn&#8217;t what it once was, but that is offset by the gratification of knowing the bitterness and humiliation of the bitch on her knees.

After switching my position Gwen was ordered to continue her mouth work on my asshole. I fully expected her to be hesitant, which of course would justify inflicting pain upon her. To my dismay her performance was flawless and I allowed her to stop before the five minute mark.
Frankly by this time, I was eager to be rid of her, if for no other reason that my contempt for Lorraine was impairing my ability to concentrate on Gwen. Her release from confinement was somewhat more problematic than her initial abduction. So far she had either been blindfolded or everyone involved in the affair had their face covered, thus preventing her from identifying anyone.

For the return trip I had specially rented a sedan, in the event she should catch a glimpse of the vehicle after she was let out. I carefully explained to her that she would be blindfolded with a special pair of opaque eyeglasses, but not restrained for the return trip and would be let out within walking distance of her home. Speaking during the trip or prematurely removing the blindfold would result in her being chloroformed again and returned for indefinite confinement. Of course I didn&#8217;t volunteer that I had no chloroform.

Gwen was seated in the front passenger seat with Noreen sitting directly behind her, and myself at the wheel. It was still dark out, traffic was light and with a mild tint to the windows there was minimal chance that anyone in a passing vehicle would be aware of her plight. Since I had shredded the clothes Gwen had been wearing when abducted, I provided her with a cheap pair of jeans and a sweatshirt for her release.

The trip back to Mattydale went smoothly and Gwen was let out of the car less than a quarter mile from her apartment. I&#8217;m confident she wouldn&#8217;t be able to recognize either the vehicles or the persons involved in her abduction. I returned back to Camillus, saying very little to Noreen during the trip, as my mind was still focused on Lorraine.

Ultimately I decided against retaliation against Lorraine, but our relationship has been severed and we no longer speak to each other. April was able to overcome the trauma of being group raped and continued to be productive as my house slave. She no longer demands a vehicle and accepts the stringent dress code that I have imposed on her.

As of this writing I am attempting to reconcile past differences with the local bondage group. Years earlier I had conducted introductory bondage demonstrations at an East Syracuse bar; this morphed into a permanent bondage club being formed. My penchant for extreme sadism was incompatible with the norms of the group and I severed my ties to it. To paraphrase a well known quote by Groucho Marx, I would not belong to any club that would have people like me as a member, and this exemplifies the realities of my personality.


As 2009 began I once again found myself facing another battle with the State Liquor Authority over my downtown bar. I was stunned to receive a notice that I either accept a ten day license suspension or face a hearing. The alleged misconduct was that an intoxicated female had stripped naked and was dancing on top of the bar, this on a night when I was not present.
Since this was the first I knew of this allegation I promptly confronted Patti, my bar manager, demanding an explanation. Patti immediately began begging for mercy, knowing full well that she would be punished severely if she in any way facilitated this matter and why she had not seen fit to notify me immediately after the incident.

It turned out that the female involved was a paralegal at a downtown law firm and had never patronized my establishment previously. Prior to her bar dance Patti had cut her off from being served and was attempting to persuade someone in her accompanying group to remove her from the premises. Unfortunately the bitch stripped and began her dance act before this could be done. As Patti was about to call the police, the friends of the bitch were successful in removing her. Since Patti did not expect the SLA to become aware of the matter, she did not mention it to me for fear that I would be upset. 

Upset me it did indeed! Some customer had filed a written complaint with the SLA. The outcome was the same as with previous incidents; after paying a sizeable fee to my lawyer I received a reprimand with no fine or license suspension. Uncharacteristically I forgave Patti, she is an excellent bar manager and I simply decided not to subject her to a punitive bondage session, as I have routinely done in the past for employee transgressions.

But Mary Cusimano always gets even with those who have incurred my ill will. One night at the bar Patti pointed out a female who had just arrived as being the inebriated bar dancer, and suggesting she be refused service. I decided now was the time for revenge.

The bitch was dressed rather fashionably in a blazer, blouse and skirt; she had probably just finished work. About forty years old she hardly had the attributes to be a stripper and impressed me as being the typical arrogant law office type. Luckily she sat at the bar on a stool and what I needed next was some reason for her to leave the seat temporarily. Chicanery is an area in which I excel, so I informed her that being a new customer I was giving her three selections for free, on the juke box; this of course necessitated leaving the seat temporarily.

I always keep a tube of super glue on hand and even though it meant refurbishing a bar stool, I applied a quantity of the nearly colorless glue to the seat while she was engaged with the juke box. Patti knew what I was up to and was beaming with joy. The dancer returned, sat down on the stool, and took about ten minutes downing one drink before deciding to leave.

At this point she became cognizant of her embarrassing situation in that she was unable to get off the stool. I immediately offered my assistance and instructed Patti to hold the stool while I attempted to pry her free. Needless to say this left a gaping hole in her skirt that was impossible to conceal. As I feigned an apology the bitch stormed out of the bar, never to return. Several customers burst into laughter; at least one of them had been present on the night of her bar dance and chuckled over my ability to wreak revenge.

In the past I have used the glue routine on one or two customers, but the fact that I was not more forceful in my revenge can only be attributed to mellowing with age. Ten years ago I would have dragged the bitch into the mens room and handcuffed her to the urinal.

The New Year has brought additional good fortune. Yolanda, the black dominatrix, is serving a year at Jamesville on a drug charge. TJ, the pimp, was thus in need of a new enforcer to keep his hookers in line and surprisingly offered me the position. After a lengthy discussion with him I accepted the offer.

TJ&#8217;s prostitution racket has two components. One is a house in the south part of the City of Syracuse, which serves the street pick up john. The hookers may pick up their john at a bar or on the street; then proceed to the house for sex. It is all conventional sex, either a straight fuck or a blow job, with no kinky stuff permitted. Eight hookers, all black, work out of this house and the presence of thuggish looking security guards deters any mischief the johns might contemplate.

The second component is a call girl operation which employs ten escorts, eight whites, one Asian, and one black. There is no interchangeability of hookers between the two components. The escorts procure their customers primarily through an answering service and typically have their sex in a motel. Security is not readily available to the escorts, there fore they must exercise caution in their dealings. TJ considers himself quite adept at selecting his escorts; they are a cut above the street level hookers, at least in his mind.

TJ has strict rules for his employees to follow but experience has shown that hookers ineviteably violate such rules. One basic rule is that the hookers are not permitted to use or sell drugs while on duty. With the vast majority being dependent upon one drug or another. TJ has close associations with local drug dealers making for easy availability of drugs to the women, but no transactions are permitted upon his premises. 

TJs reasoning reflects the pragmatic realities of the prostitution business in that he fully expects to be busted at some point in his career. With the penalties for prostitution being much less lenient than for drug offenses, the prohibition on employees dealing in drugs in the workplace makes good legal sense.

Another common type of employee misconduct is stealing customers. The hooker induces the john to contract with her personally for future services thus resulting in financial loss to the house. TJ is most diligent in enforcing this rule and has conducted several stings to detect such miscreancy.

When Yolanda was his enforcer, the mere threat of being sent to her for discipline was sufficient to deter employee misconduct. I assured TJ that my discipline would be no less sadistic that Yolanda&#8217;s; he was familiar with my reputation for such sadism, even though most of his employees were not. All sessions would be conducted at my home dungeon and would be at least twenty four hours in duration, with TJ being responsible for transporting the errant hooker to and from.

Fortunately the twenty four stays would not require my constant presence at home. April would be responsible for monitoring my dungeon during my absence. She would be forbidden to speak or interact with the subs, who would be locked in a cage or holding cell. Escape was not a concern; April&#8217;s primary function would to be assure that appropriate action would be taken in the event of some unforeseen emergency.


Less than two weeks after entering into my business arrangement with TJ, I received my first assignment. TJ had used one of Kelly&#8217;s escort clients in a sting; the client called Kelly and asked if he could see her privately. Kelly readily agreed and was promptly confronted by TJ. She had the choice of submitting to a twenty hour disciplinary session with me or facing termination of her escort employment. Being a single mother and a drug addict with meager financial resources , Kelly readily agreed to the former. She was scheduled to arrive at my home at 9:00AM on a Wednesday.

END PART 80

Fortunately the twenty four stays would not require my constant presence at home. April would be responsible for monitoring my dungeon during my absence. She was forbidden to speak or interact with the subs, who would be locked in a cage or holding cell. Escape was not a concern, April&#8217;s primary function would to be assure that appropriate action would be taken in the event of some unforeseen emergency.


























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 81 by Long Tall Mary

Kelly arrived at 9:05AM, five minutes late, and such a transgression by itself is sufficient to incur my wrath. She parked her beat up Ford Taurus in the driveway and as instructed entered the garage through the walk in door; she would then stand at attention and facing the inner house door until someone appeared.

Ordinarily I appear to greet the sub, but today I would use a different method. April would greet Kelly, escort her to the living room, then instruct her to strip and remain standing at attention until I entered. This would be an important test of April&#8217;s ability to assist me in a dominatrix role; what she did not know was that I later planned to use her as a co-submissive&nbsp; for a portion of Kelly&#8217;s training. By means of my CCTV I was able to monitor what was happening, and this is how I caught my first glimpse of Kelly.

A chunky, made over blonde at about 5&#8217;4 and 152 pounds, she appeared much older than twenty one. In my opinion she was better suited as an in house hooker as opposed to a call girl, and I could only wonder what TJ saw in her. Her attire met my standards, a short black dress underneath a full length green leather coat, and fashionable 4 heels. Despite this my initial impression of her was distinctly negative, and her discipline would be much more severe than otherwise might be the case.

Kelly followed April to the living room where she received her terse instructions. You will strip completely naked, put your clothes on the couch, and stand at attention until the mistress comes in. You will not speak unless spoken to and will address mistress by that title. With that April left the living room and Kelly proceeded to undress. 

From observing Kelly via the CCTV it was clear from her body language that she regarded her forced nudity with disdain. She further incurred my wrath by not standing at attention for nearly three minutes, I made her wait this long to assess her attitude, and so far she was failing. As I entered the room she shifted to a position of attention that was still deficient I see that you have difficulty following instructions, you were told to stand continuously at attention I intoned. I&#8217;m sorry Mistress it won&#8217;t happen again was her snippy reply, with no effort to even feign sincerity.

Kelly was then directed to put her hands behind her back. She complied, but upon realizing that I was about to use a pair of steel handcuffs reacted vehemently, and put her hands in front of her The claimed reason for this blatant disrespect was that when arrested previously, the steel cuffs had caused nerve damage.

In previous years I would have simply wrestled the bitch onto the couch and forcibly applied the cuffs, but with aging I must be circumspect in these matters. I directed Kelly to stand facing away from me while I went for a set of leather cuffs. The ruse proved&nbsp; successful&nbsp; and she did not notice that when I returned I was carrying a small cattle prod device; it is a device I seldom use but it is always available.

Continuing with the ruse, I directed Kelly to place her hands in front of her, as I held the leather cuffs within her view. She fully expected that I would cater to her personal restraint preferences, only to be suddenly jolted in the stomach with my prod. In an instant I forced her onto the couch, her struggle proving ineffectual, and cuffed her hands behind her back, only using steel cuffs. 

I did loose my temper and yell at her, calling her a stupid cunt amongst other epithets. This is not my style but even a dominatrix is entitled to loose her aplomb on occasion. The sounds of the struggle caused April to rush into the room to see if I needed assistance, but I was confident I could handle Kelly alone and dismissed April. The next step was the padlocked leather collar, and still smarting from the electric jolt, Kelly offered no resistance as I led her on a leash to the basement dungeon, where she would experience the full force of my visceral sadism.

The prospect of another electric jolt was sufficient to discourage any resistance by Kelly. Her ankles were placed in leather cuffs and attached to the floor by bolts, spread about three feet wide. I did replace the steel cuffs on her wrists with leather ones, but not out of concern for her comfort; I then used a cable connected to the overhead and winched her arms uncomfortably upwards to about a forty five degree angle. A pair of my soiled panties wedged into her mouth prevented her from interrupting my orientation monologue.

 I was so infuriated by Kelly&#8217;s attitude that I took the unusual step of calling TJ on my cell phone and requesting permission to keep her confined for another twenty four hours, and in addition to shave her nearly bald. After assuring him that I would provide a wig he consented, Kelly writhed in agony as this conversation took place. Confining her for the extra day would be not great problem; she would simply be locked in the basement holding cell or cage and monitored by April or myself. 

Regrettably I still suffer from mild hand tremors, which has been diagnosed as the Benign Essential Tremor syndrome. The only treatment is tranquilizers, but one can only take so much medication before becoming groggy. It does interfere with my ability to perform certain tasks, two of these being shaving heads and cunts. It has also mildly impaired by ability to tie knots and as a result I find myself using various types of cuffs more frequently. In Kelly&#8217;s case, April would perform all the barber work.

Before I could begin my lecture I received a call from Noreen which caused me to be even more distressed, something which never bodes well for the sub being sessioned. Unknown to me she had scheduled a session with a male sub for 10:00AM&nbsp; and now she claimed her car was broke down and could not arrive in time. She had the audacity to request that I session the sub myself, with Noreen receiving the customary fee.

While I do not object to sessioning two subs simultaneously, Noreen is well aware that I have no interest in male subs. Further she sounded hung over. Reluctantly I agreed to do the session but Noreen was informed she could expect a counseling session by me. I was confident this would cause her great distress as the counseling involves primarily corporal discipline and I expected she would call later begging for leniency.

The wimpish sub Noreen had scheduled was Michael, a 26 year old architect, whose primary preference was foot worship with little or no other sexual contact with the dominatrix. I have long had a disdain for foot worshippers and today Michael would get something he was not expecting. Had I sufficient notice I would have arranged for a gay maledom to ass fuck him, but I was confident he would not enjoy what I had in store for him.

I decided to leave Kelly standing in endurance bondage for at least an hour and during this time I would be devoting most of my time to Michael. To increase Kelly&#8217;s distress I fitted her with a blindfold, the form fitting type with an opening for the nose. Not wishing for her to expel my soiled panties, I attached two strips of duct tape over the mouth. 

Michael arrived promptly at 10:00 for his session and appeared surprised when I greeted him at the door. After leading him to the living room I broke the news that Noreen would not be his dominatrix today, and that I would substitute. I sense he was considering requesting a reschedule but I promptly ordered him to strip nude, and being the wimp that he is, he complied without question. Ordinarily he only stripped to his underpants, so he must have realized that today&#8217;s session would be different.

Next I used the steel cuffs to cuff his wrists behind his back and I quickly sensed his apprehension. For his sessions with Noreen no restraints were used, she simply sat on the couch while he went to work on her feet. I then took Michael to the basement where he must have been at least mildly aroused at the site of Kelly naked, cuffed to the overheard, blindfolded and gagged. It is not uncommon for male subs to fantasize a female sub being co-trained with them, and today he would be required to do this, although only on a limited basis, and certainly not in a way he would enjoy.

My first exercise with Michael was to administer twelve strokes with my rattan, as he bent over a saw horse like device, still handcuffed. I made him enunciate with each stroke in the classic Animal House way Thank you maam may I have another. Satisfied that his buttocks would be sore for at least five days, I then decreed that he would ass fuck Kelly, only using his mouth instead of his cock. Judging from the rigidity of his erection I doubt if he could have consummated the later.

The wimp actually protested that he did not wish to partake of my orders. My response was to inform him that if he did not, I would arrange for one of my gay associates to ass and mouth fuck him. My bluff succeeded and I Michael kneeled behind Kelly, on a pillow that I generously provided. Still handcuffed he began using his tongue on Kelly&#8217;s asshole, although I did have to use a flogger on his buttocks three times, as I felt he was not performing vigorously enough.



Kelly was in genuine distress and showed no signs of arousal from her anal invasion, combined with her strict bondage. After about ten minutes I permitted Michael to cease his mouth work, and that his session was concluded. As a bonus I did not charge him the customary fee although I had no doubt he would not be a future customer. Noreen would suffer dearly for this.

With Michael departed it was time to continue with Kelly&#8217;s disciplinary regimen. I removed the tape and panties that comprised Kelly&#8217;s gag, but left her blindfolded. April was summoned from upstairs and directed to shave Kelly bald. Kelly knew better than to protest and for the next ten minutes April used an electric shear for this purpose. Once completed I removed Kelly&#8217;s blindfold and permitted her to view herself in a mirror. To say that her reaction was one of bitter humiliation was to put it mildly.

After I fitted her with a whorish looking brunette wig, she was no longer a made over blonde. Viewing herself in the mirror did nothing to buoy her spirits, nor did the fact that she was informed she would spend until 8:00AM the next day confined in my sit down only cage. At times I am given to benevolence; in this case she would not be subjected to any further restraints while caged.

I had recently acquired a new basement cage and Kelly would be the first to experience it. An eight inch dildo was mounted on the floor of the cramped cage, and so positioned that it was impossible for any female to avoid sitting without taking the device in her cunt. It featured a door permitting vertical entry. As it was not unlikely that Kelly would resist being placed in the cage, I directed April to be present should I require assistance.

Upon realizing her fate Kelly did plead with me to spare her the impalement but I reacted impassively. Worn down from her strict endurance bondage, Kelly was in no condition to resist and reluctantly entered the cage. Her cunt was well lubricated and my earlier finger examination revealed no condition which would make taking the intruder unusually difficult, although it most certainly would be painful.

Once seated in the cage and with the door locked shut, Kelly realized the futility of attempting to positioning herself to avoid the device. The dildo was a vibrating one featuring a cord that plugged into a wall outlet, along with a three speed remote device. One of the speeds permitted time delay vibrations, such as one minute on and one minute off. I used the later setting, at least for the time being.

Subs who are confined overnight in the basement dungeon have two options. One is the cage and the other, considerably less traumatic, is my holding cell. Typically a floor mattress is provided and a six foot chain connects the subs collar to a floor bolt. This enables the sub to stand to use a toilet bucket, however with no seat provided in the cell, the sub spends most of the time lying on the mattress. In Kelly&#8217;s case the fact that I was not charitably disposed towards her, assured she would spend night in the cage.

END PART 81
























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 82
By Long Tall Mary

Leaving Kelly to ponder her fate, uncomfortably penetrated vaginally by a irremovable dildo, in a cramped basement cage, I went upstairs to catch the last portion of Montel&#8217;s show. Kelly would be monitored both via the CCTV and April was instructed to check on her personally every thirty minutes. Kelly was prohibited from speaking and warned that if she uttered so much as one word, that her gag would be restored, and her wrists cuffed to the rear of the cage.

While watching the Montel show I received the second dose of bad news for the day, the first having been Noreen&#8217;s AWOL status. The second was that Master Joe, the notorious gay bondage master, had been indicted on money laundering charges related to drugs. Frankly I was surprised, I was aware that he had an interest in child porn, but unaware of any drug involvement.

The news was of more than passing concern to me. Joe and I had engaged in several covertly illegal operations together, with the most recent being the one day abduction of Captain Gwen, the tyrannical Air Force officer. Fortunately I have always been discrete in my communications with Joe, whether by Email or telephone. I was confident that a search of Joe&#8217;s hard drive would yield nothing incriminating against me, but the mere fact that my phone number might appear in his records, was still cause for concern.

It seemed unlikely that Joe would have anything to gain by implicating me in any of these schemes, but the reality is accused criminals frequently betray their colleagues to obtain more lenient sentences. I could only hope for the best, but the time being I would have no further contact with Joe.

Significant events in my life tend to happen in quick sequence. Within minutes of learning of Master Joe&#8217;s predicament, I received a call from a wealthy and prominent businessman living in the Utica area. He and his wife were upset over the behavior of their 18 year daughter, who had recently graduated from high school but was essentially dependent upon her parents&#8217; for material support, as she had no inclination to attend college or hold any job.

Amongst the concerns of the father were his daughter&#8217;s drug abuse and her tendency to associate with persons considered by the family to be of inferior social stature. The father, I will just call him ED although that is not his real name, was aware of my prowess in the area of disciplining wayward teens, and was willing to discuss an arrangement whereby the daughter, Jacquelyn(again not her real name), would consent to a three day motivational seminar at my Camillus home. No specifics were discussed initially but the father was willing to pay me $10,000.00 for the seminar, hardly a paltry amount.

Owing partially to the paranoia of government surveillance, by either phone or computer, I agreed to travel to Utica to meet with the parents&#8217; in person. Jacquelyn would not be present for this meeting which would be at the food court of the Sangertown Square Shopping Mall. Ordinarily the customer is made to come to me, but for $10,000.00 I was willing to make the 60 minute drive to Utica.

That evening at 7:00, a private party was being held at my bar requiring my attendance. I decided it was time to complete the more rigorous portions of Kelly&#8217;s training, and April would assume the responsibility for monitoring her during my absence. Noreen was still AWOL and I suspected by now that she had been contacted by the foot worshipping Michael, and informed of how harshly I treated him.

As I helped Kelly to exit the cage I could help but notice a look of desperation about her. The dildo impalement obviously had been painful, as I had intended. Being that spirits were buoyed by the prospect of a $10,000.00 job, I was inclined to be more lenient with her. If she performed adequately on her training, the remainder of her confinement would be spent chained inside my holding cell, rather than painfully impaled on a dildo in the cage.

Naked, except for the padlocked leather collar, Kelly was made to kneel doggy style on a floor platform, and using leather cuffs her wrists and ankles were secured, leaving her ass well elevated and accessible. My preference for corporal punishment is caning with the rattan, but in this case I started off with a flogger, enabling me to progressively increase the level of pain. Kelly was made to enunciate after each stroke Thank you maam I&#8217;m a worthless slut, may I have another. This continued for twenty lashes and I was satisfied with the decibel level of her responses.

April was ordered to the basement in the nude and required to kneel in front of Kelly, in such a way that her asshole could be serviced by Kelly&#8217;s tongue. Initially I had planned to have April and Kelly engage in forced mouth kissing, but considering April&#8217;s improved attitude, I decided to allow her to assume a more passive role.

Kelly was informed that the number of rattan strokes she received was dependent upon the vigorousness in which she serviced April&#8217;s asshole. To her credit Kelly performed well for nearly ten minutes. Since I had been forewarned of her distaste for lesbian sex, it was indeed gratifying to watch her burrowing into April&#8217;s hole with her tongue. A couple of minor strokes with the flogger was all that was necessary to assure Kelly performed at the desired level.

Frankly I was loosing interest in Kelly, with my thoughts focused on the $10,000.00 for training the Utica socialite daughter. It was far more generous than what TJ was paying me for Kelly. None the less I always fulfill promises made to my client. While it would take far longer than two days to transform Kelly into a slave, that was not my objective. It was to instill in Kelly such fear of sexual assault and torture, that she would never again violate TJ&#8217;s rules, for fear of a return visit.

Next on the training agenda was to cane Kelly&#8217;s buttocks using a rattan. I ball gagged her before beginning the caning, as there was no further need for enunciation on her part, and since the caning was very painful it is erotically very gratifying to listen to a bitch moan in agony through her gag. Indeed when I finished my ten stroke regimen, her buttocks were replete with red welts and the pain would persist for several days.

I decided to try a new tack, tasking April with ass fucking Kelly using a strapon. April was tepid over this tasking, but I needed to transform her from being completely submissive, to a moderate dominate role. I reapplied the blindfold to Kelly, and left her ball gag in place. It is unlikely Kelly knew who was ass fucking her but April performed admirably for at least ten minutes, before I signaled her to stop.

At this point I sensed Kelly was reaching her limit of pain tolerance, so after commending her for being such a good slut, I removed her from the floor board and placed her in the holding cell. Her gag and blindfold were removed and the six foot chain was attached to the loop on her collar. She would remain in the cell for at least forty eight hours, her feeding would be a special liquid protein concoction, with drinking water available from a floor bowl.

Her obedience exercises would continue but it would not be necessary to remove her from the holding cell. Periodically she would be issued commands such as to kneel and bark, especially amusing to me is issuing commands over the CCTV intercom, and Kelly not being able to see who was viewing her If she was disobedient, in the least, it was a simple matter to enter the cell, administer a brutal flogging, and modify her restraint to a much harsher mode. This did not prove necessary.

The party that I was hosting in the evening was very important to me. A professor from the local medical school was retiring, and it was expected at least thirty physicians would be in attendance. In addition to generating profit for my bar it gave me the opportunity to hob knob with the physician guests, and perhaps find one who would be willing to prescribe certain medications for me.

I am certain that all the guests were aware of my dominatrix orientation, but given my history of troubles with the State Liquor Authority, I decided against procuring some female submissives for on premises entertainment. Over the years I can count on one hand the number of physicians who have sought my services as a dominatrix. But twice in recent years I was able to arrange an encounter involving a female submissive, at no charge, and both physicians reciprocated by prescribing certain medications for me. 

The party went smoothly and I was introduced to a newly minted psychiatrist who seemed rather attracted to me. I broached the topic of a doctor/patient relationship with him, and he seemed receptive. Conveniently I avoided the topic of payment, my insurer won&#8217;t pay multiple providers, and I was optimistic some kind of sexual payment could be agreed upon. Perhaps the evening would be a productive one after all!

I was tired when I arose at 9:00 the following morning. April had awoken earlier and had provided breakfast to Kelly, still naked and shackled to the floor of my holding cell. She still had twenty four hours remaining before she would be released, and I was beginning to regret the extension. For the most part I ignored her during the day. The major exception was when watching Montel; there are certain programs I enjoy watching while a restrained submissive pleasures my cunt with her tongue.

For these occasions I have developed a ritual. The sub has their wrists bound behind them as they are made to kneel before me as I sit on the couch. The leash on their collar is then pulled up tightly to a belt I wear, making it impossible for the sub to move her face from between my legs. A demo jolt from a cattle prod, to one of the boobs, is usually sufficient to assure proper mouth work. After about thirty minutes of Kelly&#8217;s mouth work she was returned to the basement holding cell and once again chained to a floor bolt.

My initial plan had been to release Kelly and allow her to drive away in her car, which was parked in my driveway. However I decided to use another ritual that I have used numerous times over the years, when a submissive is released to her owner. TJ, her owner, would wait in my family room. Kelly naked, collared and leashed, would be led from downstairs and made to kneel before her owner. She would then recite from a carefully prepared script, apologizing for her transgressions, and seeking forgiveness. Any deviation from the script would result instantly in flogging and she would be returned to the holding cell, or cage, for extended confinement.

I called TJ and this arrangement was acceptable to him. After I prepared the text of the apology, April was tasked with assuring that Kelly memorized it, and to increase the stakes April was informed that she too would be punished if any deviation occurred. By this time Kelly was worn from the harsh realities of my punitive regimen, and was quite malleable to my arrangement.

At 10:00 the next morning TJ arrived and was seated in my family room. Kelly, naked except for heels, and sporting her new wig, was led from her cell and made to kneel before TJ, lacing her hands behind her head. She recited her script well and it lacked the sarcasm she had exhibited at the start of her training. Kelly declared herself a worthless slut, promised never to steal customers from TJ in the future, and offered to accept any further punishment as TJ saw fit.

TJ was impressed by her performance and Kelly was allowed to dress, with both departing my house in short order. As a further compliment TJ assured me that in the future he would refer all his disciplinary cases to me including the currently incarcerated Yolanda. Having recently been brutalized by Yolanda, April could only salivate at the prospect of assisting in her torture.

END PART 82























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 83
By Long Tall Mary

The case of the Utica socialite daughter would prove to be quite challenging. I met with the father and mother at the mall food court as promised, and immediately sensed the mother was calling the shots. The mother felt that Jacquelyn would not voluntarily submit to a dominatrix, and therefore some ruse would be necessary.

I emphasized my policy is that the submissive trainee must enter my residence voluntarily, and despite the inherent erotic appeal, can not be transported bound and gagged in the back of a van. We agreed on a scenario in which Jacquelyn would believe she was attending a weekend boarding school with an experienced headmistress. The parents&#8217; would require that she be attired in a typical school uniform; a gray skirt, white blouse, blue pullover sweater, and a red tie.

The mother was concerned that her daughter not be impregnated and I assured her that there would be no sexual contact with any male. However I emphasized that some forced lesbian sex, combined with corporal punishment, was necessary to maximize the probability of optimal results. Somewhat reluctantly the mother agreed to the lesbian sex provision.

Of great concern to the mother was information which would have to be extracted with enhanced interrogation practices, as the term has been recently defined. The mother was particularly interested in knowing what drugs her daughter was using, as well as the supplier. Another area of interest was her sexual proclivities, and with whom.

I cautioned the mother that it would be difficult to extract the name of the drug supplier, but that most likely I would learn which drugs she was using and whom she was having sex with. The mother showed me a picture of Jacquelyn and indeed she was attractive, a 5&#8217;11 slim, long hair brunette, with at least attractive facial features, but not exceedingly stunning anatomy wise. 

Two days later at 10:00AM an SUV pulled into my driveway, the passenger, as instructed, exited the vehicle and entered the garage through the walk in door. The SUV exited the driveway immediately. I greeted Jacquelyn personally and was instantly aroused by her boarding school attire; ordinarily I strip my submissives naked with minutes of their arrival, but in this case she would remain fully attired for a lengthier period.

If Jacquelyn had previously believed that I was not a dominatrix, that belief was almost certainly dispelled when she observed my attire: a two piece vinyl outfit, nothing extravagant but one that any 18 year old, of ordinary intelligence, with associate with a dominatrix. I am the Headmistress and you will simply address me at all times as maam, is that understood?, I commanded. Yes maam was her rather nonchalant reply.

Jacquelyn was led to the living room where I produced a set of plastic handcuffs and directed her to place her hands behind her back. What is this for she demanded, balking at my request. I calmly explained to her that all new arrivals are placed in restraints until it can be assured that they are not agitated and will attempt escape.

The spoiled rich bitch quickly became just that, agitated, and was resistant to being cuffed. It was necessary for April to assist, but the wrist cuffs went on quickly. Noting that Jacquelyn had good elbow flexibility, I used an additional set of plastic cuffs to bind her elbows together. Another set bound her ankles together, and an extra cuff was used to attach the ankle cuffs to the couch frame. She could struggle to her hearts content, but was going nowhere.

I resisted the temptation to take the bitch to the basement, strip and attach her to the overhead, and administer a severe flogging. That would come soon enough, but the appeal of seeing a pretty teenager, bound in a boarding school uniform, was just too great to resist.

Jacquelyn continued voicing her sentiments concerning her restraints, distinctly negative, but wisely avoiding any personal invectives. After ignoring several requests to remain silent I attached a face muzzle, with an attached ball gag, to her and strapped&nbsp; both tightly into position. She continued protesting through her gag, and despite being perturbed over her lack of respect, I found the sounds quite arousing.

After nearly five minutes of thrashing about on the couch and making gag sounds I decided more forceful measures were warranted. One of my newest acquisitions was a body bag. Royal blue in color, it was large enough to accommodate a 5&#8217;11 female, who could be placed in either feet or head first, then the open end of the bag could be tied and sealed.

The bag was constructed specifically as a bondage accessory, and the material was such that it blocked nearly ninety five per cent of a persons view from inside. Even more importantly the fabric was of excellent air permeability, minimizing the risk of suffocation. 

After removing the binding connecting Jacquelyn&#8217;s ankles to the couch frame she was placed feet first into the bag, which was then tied shut above her head, and she was placed in a seated position on the couch. Her wrist, elbow and ankle bindings remained in place, as did her muzzle gag. To keep her secured to the couch another plastic cuff was used to attach the bottom of the bag to the frame.

Jacquelyn was informed that if she remained silent for fifteen minutes, she would be removed from the bag, otherwise the bag, with her in it, would be taken to the basement and suspended from the ceiling for several hours. This form of sensory deprivation is generally quite effective, and after instructing April to watch her continuously, I stepped into the kitchen to check my voice mail.

Much to my surprise one message was from the young psychiatrist I had met the day before at the retirement party; I&#8217;ll refer to him as Newmint, since he has been in private psychiatric practice for about two months. He offered to schedule me for a visit immediately and suggested the last appointment of the day.

It is well established that physicians with a sexual interest in their patients often schedule them for the last appointment. From the impression I formed of him at the party, he was a maledom seeking a female submissive, rather than a male submissive seeking a dominatrix; if the former he might be in luck, while I will not be submissive to any male, April will do so at my command.

I made a note to call the next day for an appointment. My plan was to have April accompany me to the office and wait there until I finished with the doctor, that is after obtaining a script for the desired meds. If he were interested in a submissive I would introduce him to April, and if the two seemed compatible, I would allow him a two hour session with her at my dungeon, at no charge. It had the makings of a win-win situation.

After remaining quiet inside the bag for nearly fifteen minutes, Jacquelyn was freed from the bag, and after removing her ankle bindings, was led to the basement where the hard portion of her training would take place. Her wrist and ankle bindings were removed with the muzzle gag staying in place. She was ordered to strip naked and to expedite the matter, I delivered the first of several jolts from my cattle prod, emphasizing that it was capable of shocks of much greater intensity.

Jacquelyn stripped without any further protest, and I promptly used leather cuffs to attach her wrists to the overhead, likewise her legs were spread about three feet wide using ankle cuffs. Observing her in the nude confirmed my impression of a fairly well developed and&nbsp; athletic body; her leg and hip muscles were well toned, her tummy well tucked, and breasts quite firm. 

I decided to allow her the simultaneous pleasure of two intruders, a six inch vaginal dildo, and a four inch anal plug; neither were of the vibrating type. The vaginal intruder was inserted with ease, but anal virgins tend to have tight muscles, and such was her case.

Such insertions are often painful and she immediately began protesting through her gag for me to remove the anal plug, appearing to be in a state of genuine distress. For all my sadism I don&#8217;t want anyone having an anxiety attack, so reluctantly the plug was removed; but she would later receive the anal strap on, one way or the other.&nbsp; I would just have to use, perhaps a different size and be a little more gentle applying it.

When speaking with the parents&#8217; previously I suggested that Jacquelyn be fitted with a locking chastity belt, and required to wear it until such time as her behavior improved; I would entrust them with the key. The mother&nbsp; seemed unenthusiastic about this idea, but I would offer them another opportunity before they came to pick up their daughter 

It was time to begin my training monolog, which is always easier when the sub is gagged. This monolog is pretty much standardized and I have considered recording it and forcing the sub to watch and listen to it on a wall screen. In this case I pulled up a directors chair, sitting in front of April, with my legs crossed. In addition I turned on a set of klieg lights making it difficult for her to see me.

&nbsp; First I emphasized that should her vaginal intruder fall out she would severely regret it, and simultaneously I delivered a vicious flogger demo stroke across her boobs. She cringed in pain, but it served the purpose of keeping her quiet, and emphasizing that obedience training was not intended to be gentle. I was especially perturbed that she could not take the butt plug, and was probably overreacting.

Introducing someone to the joy of lesbian sex is always a pleasure, especially when done under such coercive circumstances. April was ordered to strip nude and Jacquelyn was fitted with a bondage collar; April wears her collar at all times, including her infrequent public appearances, such as when she accompanies me to the Price Chopper or my hair stylist. 

April was ordered to stand facing Jacquelyn and a leather belt was tightly encircled under Jacquelyn&#8217;s boobs and wrist cuffs were put on April&#8217;s wrists, extended around Jacquelyn&#8217;s body, and then cuffed to a ring on the belt. A cable tie connector between the rings of the two collars completed the arrangement and assured that they would be forced to embrace each other. Despite the ever increasing dominant tasks that I assign April, it is my intent that she remain primarily a submissive.

Jacquelyn&#8217;s ball gag was removed and she was ordered to commence deep mouthing kissing; if I deemed her efforts insufficient she would feel the sting of the flogger again. Her performance was satisfactory and after nearly ten minutes, she was allowed to cease. I released April from the forced embracing and sent her upstairs.

For the next few minutes I used my flogger to leave a pattern of stripes about Jacquelyn&#8217;s buttocks, and she was ordered to sound off after each stroke. I then noticed something disturbing, she was breathing heavily and seemed to be on the verge of passing out.

In my career as a dominatrix, I can count on one hand the number of submissives who simply were unable to tolerate any significant pain. Unfortunately Jacquelyn appeared to be in that category, and the last thing I needed was a medical emergency. Therefore I took her down from the overhead and had her sit on a floor mat, with a six foot long chain attached to her collar.

As much as I despise playing the role of a benevolent dominatrix, that is the course I pursued, assuring her that she would be able to complete her session as planned. Yet I seriously doubted this would be the case, and after agreeing that I would be paid ten thousand dollars, my sense of integrity demanded that I reconcile the matter with her father.

I summoned April to the basement again and instructed her to talk soothingly to Jacquelyn, while I went upstairs to call her father. Jacquelyn remained with only the collar and chain, along with the face muzzle minus the ball gag, as restraints.

Upon speaking with her father, I informed him that his daughter was not able to cope with the rigorous training, and that it might be in everyone&#8217;s best interest, if she were to be released after twenty four, instead of forty eight hours. I was quite willing to refund five thousand dollars of the payment.

The father commended me for being conscientious, but he would not hear of reneging on the initial payment amount. I assured him that I had not yet interrogated Jacquelyn as to her drug habits and sexual activity, but that I was confident of being able to do so. He agreed to pick up his daughter at 11:00AM the next day, but if I felt that she could tolerate another twenty four hours of training, than he would gladly defer to my judgment.

Upon returning to the basement I found Jacquelyn sitting quietly, with&nbsp; April sitting on a chair in front of her. April then made a request,  Mistress the sub is experiencing severe discomfort from the vibrator in her cunt, and requests permission to remove it. Begrudgingly I granted the request and Jacquelyn promptly removed the intruder.

Jacquelyn was brought upstairs and made to change back into her boarding school uniform. I would give her a respite from the physical and sexual torture, but she still would be restrained, but in a less painful way, for my pleasure. It was imperative that she not be aware of the plan to release her after only one day; it was still possible to subject her to further discipline, although not as painful as I would prefer.

I decided to put my rope skills to use, lately I have been relying on handcuffs as restraints, but am still quite proficient with rope bondage. Using some candy cane color rope, Jacquelyn was bound sitting in a chair, using a harness arrangement which effective encircled her boobs and kept her wrists and elbows bound behind her.

The upper body rope arrangement was not attached to the chair; this was accomplished by tying each ankle to the rear leg of the chair. I reinserted the ball gag into her face muzzle and stood back to admire my craftsmanship. She was as attractive as any fully clothed model, you would see bound on a web site such as Ken and Stacey&#8217;s.

Her chair was positioned directly facing the television set and to the right of the couch, where April and I would sit. Thus she had no choice to view whatever video I might play; the one I chose was a unusually sadistic one, featuring a young beau who is abducted by a husband and wife, then subjected to unrelenting sexual assaults and tortures. It is replete were screaming, and hopefully this would put Jacquelyn into the proper frame of mind for he impending interrogation.

Shortly thereafter the cell rang and it was Duke, a very special person to me. Duke, is a native of Syracuse but currently a national traveler, no one seems to know his exact whereabouts. He had bailed me out of a financial crisis a few years ago and refused to accept any repayment. As Duke enjoys sessioning female submissives, it was tacitly understood I would procure such females, for him on occasion. Bear in mind I am no matchmaker and expect to be compensated for any procurements, Duke is the lone exception.

Duke was only going to be in town a few hours, probably because he was on the lamb, and asked if I could find him a sub on short notice. I offered him April and he indicated he would be at my home within an hour. April didn&#8217;t seem overly upset when I broke the news to her; Duke&#8217;s preferences are not that demanding, a few minutes of flogging followed by a good blow job.

To prevent Kelly from getting a look at the visitor I blindfolded her and she would remain securely bound in the living room chair. In order to maximize her agony I taped a six inch vibrating dildo between her panties and her cunt. It was set at a medium speed and Jacquelyn was cautioned that should it become dislodged, that I would reinsert the anal plug, which she had found so painful.

Duke arrived forty five minutes later and I had April prepared for him in the living room. Naked, wearing her collar and with wrists cuffed behind her back, she was made to kneel in a very rigid position and had been given a script to deliver.

The Duke is about 55 years old and bears somewhat of a resemblance to John Wayne, thus accounting for his nickname. After we exchanged pleasantries I showed him to the living room. Looks like you got yourself a little schoolgirl he remarked, referring to Jacquelyn, and probably wishing that he could have his way with her, instead of the more slovenly April.

Sub April this is Sir Duke, I commanded as he stood in front of her. To which April replied Sir it is a pleasure to serve you in any way you wish and insist on being used like the fat slut I am. Well worded quipped the Duke before he attached a chain to April&#8217;s collar and led her to the guest bedroom.

Resisting the temptation to monitor their activities via the CCTV I resumed watching another of my torture videos, while simultaneously enjoying the agony of Jacquelyn experiencing&nbsp; multi modal sensory deprivation.

END PART 83












&nbsp; 














MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 84
By LONG TALL MARY

Duke had not been in private with April for more than five minutes, when I heard his angry yell and hurried to the bedroom to find out the problem. April was naked, lying face down on the bed, with all four wrists and ankles secured to the bed posts with leather cuffs. Duke stood naked, fully erect and with a whitehead gag in his hand.

The bitch won&#8217;t give me a blowjob because I&#8217;m bald, I think I&#8217;ll fuck her ass and force a blowjob on her with the whitehead and my shit coated cock, he yelled. What is the meaning of this, I demanded of April, but got no response. You ass fucking her would be too good for her, what she needs is a group session at TJs with some of his entourage, I commanded.

I made clear to Duke that he could have his way with April now, and that a good flogging coupled with a whitehead facilitated mouth fuck, might be a good start. But the Duke would have none of it and expressed his opinion of April&#8217;s appeal in very unflattering terms. I apologized to the Duke for her insubordination and assured him I would attempt to find a substitute sub on short notice. However time constraints were such that he declined.

April was rebelling for no apparent reason, but probably never anticipated I would force her to have sex with blacks, knowing her aversion to such, and her recent orgy at TJs mansion. My patience was wearing thin and selling her to a new owner was a distinct possibility. Embarrassing me in front of Duke was the last straw!

The bitch reacted by kicking and screaming as Duke and I released her from the bed restraints, and roughly dragged her into the adjoining guest bedroom, where she was locked in a cage. I turned the XM radio up full blast to one of the gospel channels to drown out her protests.

Not surprisingly Duke asked if he might have his way with Jacquelyn, sitting bound, gagged and blindfolded on a chair in the living room in her school girl uniform, certainly made her appealing to the typical male predator. After again profusely apologizing for April&#8217;s insolence, I explained that Jacquelyn was a rich bitch&#8217;s daughter, and that the training agreement called for no male sexual contact. The Duke left deeply disappointed, but I would repay him one way or another.

I was in a bind, pure and simple. April needed intensive discipline which would include extended solitary confinement; in the meantime I needed an assistant dominatrix and procuring one on short order is a Herculean task.

First off, a call to TJ produced prompt results. Pompey Hill, the site of TJs mansion, is nearly a forty mile drive from Camillus. TJ assured me he would have his associates at my place within the hour; and it was almost exactly that long when a silver colored Silverado pickup pulled in my driveway. Three thuggish looking blacks, none of them TJ, exited the vehicle and I guided them into the bedroom.

So this is the white bitch that thinks black cock stinks barked the apparent leader of the crew, a 6&#8217;6, 250 pound, linebacker type. The thugs had brought their own zip ties and despite token resistance by April, she was quickly bound hand and foot. In addition a anklet sized sock was stuffed in her mouth and sealed with black duct tape wrapped around her head. I insisted she be transported in the blue body bag; she was stuffed in feet first and the top tied.

I purposely ordered the sacking, with April bound into it, to take place in the living room in full view of Jacquelyn, whose blindfold was removed for the occasion. This would enable her to see first hand how disobedient subs are dealt with, and hopefully would induce her to cooperate for the remainder of her training.

The leader then hoisted the sack over his head and carried it out to the truck. Any question as to how she would be transported was quickly answered as she was placed in the locked tool box in the bed of the truck. Within less than ten minutes of their arrival, April was secure in transport to a place she would come to despise; TJ assured me of some live web cam feeds of April having group sex, in addition to various other tortures.



But my first thoughts were on obtaining an assistant dominatrix. Noreen, my primary associate, was AWOL and I had been informed by a mutual friend, that she had left on short notice to visit her seriously ill sister in California. I found this rather dubious, but regardless her failure to have the decency to notify me personally, would preclude any future employment by me.

 I recalled having some past conversations with Amy, one of my full time waitresses, regarding the bondage proclivities of her younger sister. Shannon, 19, was a lesbian and second year liberal arts student at a local community college, and reportedly had discussed an interest in bondage with her sister at one time or another. I quickly placed a call to Amy and explained the situation.

Within twenty minutes I received a call from Shannon. Rather than discuss the matter on the phone, with someone I have never seen before, I suggested she stop at my house. Shannon lives in Geddes, less than five miles from me, and was readily agreeable. As she was about to leave for her job as a part time cashier at a local supermarket, an appointment was scheduled for the next day at 1:00 in the afternoon.

 Jacquelyn was still bound to the chair in the living room; April&#8217;s insubordination had left me in a very bitter mood, and Jacquelyn would suffer as a result. She would perform oral sex upon me and I was confident that it could accomplished without great difficulty. As an incentive I told Jacquelyn if she performed adequately, she would be released twenty hours earlier than planned, of course she was not aware that this had already been agreed upon. If not she could expect a severe flogging and would be locked in a cage for the remainder of her stay.

I removed her ankle bindings, which permitted her to kneel on the floor facing me, her upper body rope arrangement undisturbed, as I sat on the couch. In my ritualistic fashion I attached a leash to her collar and pulled it forward, forcing her face squarely into my exposed cunt. For the next five minutes I feigned erotic moaning, as her tongue burrowed furiously to meet my demands.

With the vaginal phase completed all that remained was for her to pleasure my asshole and it was obvious she found this repulsive. I stood bent over a chair, and as in the vaginal phase her collar was pulled forward with a leash, forcing her face into my anal orifice. She spent about three minutes exploring with her tongue, and I continued with the feigned erotic sounds.

Overall she performed quite well, considering that she had nearly passed out in the basement when attached to the overhead. I am quite capable of talking very soothingly, in addition to my more customary verbal abuse of my subs, and I used the former with Jacquelyn. I told her she was a very attractive young lady, and that most heterosexual females have at least one lesbian encounter during their lives.

I embraced her&nbsp; in a gentle maternal way as she sat on the couch, speaking cooingly and making every effort to assuage her fears; admittedly difficult when the child has her wrists and elbows bound behind her, and a leather collar encircling her neck.&nbsp; 

Hiking her skirt I gently massaged her vaginal mound before gently finger fucking her internally. Her natural lubrication was copious and required no supplement&nbsp; this is something I always emphasize to the sub, as proof she is really enjoying the experience. However I took care to explain that if her parents&#8217; returned her to me for training,&nbsp; she could expect that far more painful techniques would be used.

 It was now time for the interrogation phase to commence; I&#8217;ve always found the best results are obtained after subjecting a sub to something painful, in this case forced oral sex, and then playing the role of the benevolent dominatrix. This would prove to be the case with Jacquelyn.

She admitted to being an everyday powdered cocaine user, procuring it at a local bar, with fake ID enabling her to be served alcohol as well. Initially she claimed not to know the identity of her supplier, but brandishing a flogger was sufficient to induce her to provide me with a name. She begged me not to furnish this information to her father; I was non committal on the matter.

Sexually she was moderately active, alternating between three different male partners. She took the pill and required her partners to use condoms, but admitted on one occasion one of the partners had spiked her drink and fucked her while she was semi-conscious, using no condom. Jacquelyn claimed to have no appetite for oral or anal sex, and felt that this made her less attractive to certain prospective partners.

Rich bitches can be quite selective when it comes to sex and Jacquelyn was quite adept at manipulating her partners. Her greatest fear was that one of them would tie her up and force her to engage in oral. We had a good laugh, when I pointed out the obvious, that I had just done exactly that to her.

I decided it was time to secure Jacquelyn for the night; initially I had planned for April to monitor her, now I would miss a night at the bar because of her insubordination. After untying Jacqueline I had her strip naked and put her in an overnight belt arrangement. This is simply a leather belt around the waist with attached leather wrist cuffs; it is most minimal restraint. 

In addition I made an exception to the usual requirement that subs be chained to a floor bolt, either in the cell or in the guest bedroom. Jacquelyn was allowed to sleep with only her overnight belt, and was given permission to watch whatever television channel she desired.

Morning came soon enough and Jacquelyn received a surprise. I had not told that her father had consented to fitting her with a locked metal chastity belt, with the father being the key holder. Predictably her reaction was not a pleasant one, but she wisely refrained from voicing her displeasure nor did she resist when I applied the contraption.

This would certain crimp her sexual style, it would be devastating humiliation if any of her partners&#8217; were aware of the situation. I suspect Jacquelyn would be leading a solitary lifestyle until her father saw fit to remove it.

Last on the agenda was requiring her to deliver a scripted apology when her parents&#8217; arrived; it was to the effect that Mistress had shown her the error of her ways and that her behavior would improve.

Her parents&#8217; arrived at 10:00AM and were shown to the family room. Dressed in her boarding school uniform, I brought Jacquelyn on a collar and leash and made her kneel in front of the couch where her parents&#8217; were sitting; she proceeded to recite her script flawlessly.

I then had stand and remove her skirt and demonstrated the use of the chastity device, entrusting the key to the father. The mother appeared displeased, but the father was beaming with joy. After complimenting me for the extreme sensitivity I had shown in dealing with his wayward daughter, the trio left the house and drove off in a chauffeur driven limo.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; END PART 84















MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 85
By Long Tall Mary

Following Jacquelyn&#8217;s release my plans were to meet with Shannon at 1:00 in the afternoon, to discuss the possibility of her becoming one of my assistants. No sooner than fifteen minutes after Jacqueline&#8217;s release, I received a phone call that was to trigger a major crisis modality.

The call was from Lorraine, the slovenly ex psychiatric nurse, whom was a dominatrix associate of mine for several years. She had abducted Noreen and was holding her for non monetary ransom; specifically sub April was to be deeded to Lorraine, after which Noreen would be released. Lorraine hinted that she knew some secrets, such as the abduction of the Air Force captain, and would use them as blackmail.

My initial reaction was that this was a bad joke and I insisted upon speaking with Noreen. About thirty seconds later Noreen spoke tersely into the phone please get me out of here, they are hurting me bad; the phone was taken from her before she could add anything else. Noreen had a sound of desperation in her voice and probably had already been severely tortured and sexually assaulted.

Why Lorraine, a retired and disgraced psychiatric nurse, would have such an inordinate interest in April is difficult to comprehend. She has always favored male subs, but years of drug and alcohol abuse can culminate in bizarre behavior. Abducting a dominatrix, to swap for a sub, is hardly a conventional occurrence.

&nbsp; Pushing two hundred fifty pounds, with her high fashion consisting of jogging suits, and forever lacking in personal hygiene, a dominatrix can loose appeal to her clientele. Her chief assistant, Dr. Yen, had been fired from the same psychiatric center where Lorraine had worked, for patient abuse. The only reason he was of use to her was that he had retained his license to prescribe drugs, which enabled her to fuel that addiction.

 I was told by Lorraine to bring April to her house, at which time Noreen would be released. If I came alone I would not be allowed to enter; at the time I had no way of knowing whether Lorraine was aware that April had been sent to TJ for training. Compounding the matter was my reluctance to call TJ; as a known pimp and suspected drug dealer, it was likely his calls were being eavesdropped on. In addition I couldn&#8217;t rule out the possibility of complicity by TJ in this affair.

The only person I could trust to assist me was Duke, and I was still humiliated by April&#8217;s behavior during the recent session. Duke is largely a mystery in the Syracuse underworld, but his reputation for violence is undisputed. He had been an amateur boxer in earlier years and was later known for his prowess as a barroom brawler-including one at my bar during which his opponent was knocked cold with a single punch.

&nbsp;&nbsp; In the 1990s it was rumored that he was a loan shark collector who had entered a government witness protection program; another was that he was an international arms dealer with CIA connections. Whatever the reason, his residence was unknown, and his visits to Syracuse were infrequent, leading some to speculate that he was a fugitive from justice.

Fortunately I had no difficulty reaching Duke by phone and after explaining my predicament, he readily agreed to assist. For some reason Duke has always held me in high regard and I could only be thankful that I had never incurred his ill will. Duke was not acquainted with Lorraine, but fortunately she was aware of his reputation, bolstering my confidence we would be able to free Noreen.

After cancelling my appointment with Shannon, my prospective dominatrix assistant, Duke arrived at my residence within forty five minutes and we discussed strategy for about fifteen minutes; as&nbsp; Lorraine&#8217;s residence is less than ten minutes away, we arrived there in my van about 1:00PM.

Upon knocking on the door repeatedly and not being answered, I phoned Lorraine and demanded she come to the door. She refused, reiterating her earlier demand that April be present. At this time I broke the news that I was accompanied by Duke and if she did not come to the door, we would force our way inside.
This threat proved effective, as within two minutes Lorraine appeared at the doorway to find both the Duke and myself on the porch. After she protested the fact that April was not present, Duke calmly announced he would force his way in, and torture both Lorraine and the pathetic Dr. Yen. After less than thirty seconds of hesitation we were both admitted inside, to the living room.

Yen, longing to assert his masculinity, demanded we leave immediately. Duke&#8217;s response was to deliver a roundhouse right punch to Yen&#8217;s jaw, sending him sprawling onto the couch. At this point Duke withdrew a handgun from his waist belt and ordered both Lorraine and Yen to the floor; clearly both of them were petrified; since Duke had not mentioned firearms, I was myself surprised, as I am not accustomed to this type of scenario.

It had already been agreed that both Lorraine and Yen were to be restrained so I set about, gleefully I might add, to binding both of them with plastic cuffs in hogtie fashion. The thought of a sixty year old plus, obese and slovenly dominatrix, hogtied does not turn me on sexually, but does satisfy my long standing desire for revenge; this all stems from the time I sent April to Lorraine&#8217;s for training, and she ended up being transported by a Black dominatrix to TJ&#8217;s mansion.

Lorraine readily admitted that Noreen was in the basement; leaving Duke to guard the upstairs captives, I went to the basement and found Noreen spread out and attached to the wall in a X fashion, with leather ankle and wrist cuffs securing her. She was not gagged, and except for thigh highs she was naked. The cuffs were not padlocked and I was able to release them immediately. Noreen&#8217;s back was covered with welts, hardly surprising as Lorraine is an aficionado of the bull whip.

Noreen&#8217;s panties, bra, a black vinyl mini and white ribbed turtle neck were in a pile on a chair and I ordered her to dress quickly, there would be plenty of time to ask later. Returning upstairs I couldn&#8217;t help but gloat at the plight of Lorraine and Yen; each was hogtied with plastic cuffs and with the pistol brandishing Duke guarding them, neither had anything to say.

Our plan was to leave a pair of wire cutters on the kitchen floor assuring they would be unable to free themselves for at least thirty minutes. Lorraine&#8217;s obesity would prevent her from rolling into the kitchen but eventually Yen would be able to do so, but we put him in a separate room to make it a little more difficult. I just couldn&#8217;t resist the opportunity to gag the bitch and having found a soiled pair of panties in her basement, these were inserted in her mouth and sealed with two strips of duct tape I had conveniently brought along. Yen was gagged, minus the panties, with duct tape wrapped around his face several times

 To further delay their escape I unplugged the land line phone in the living room and along with her cell phone, both were taken downstairs. Duke had earlier warned me not to inflict any tortures upon the pair, and I felt it most prudent to abide by his wishes.

Noreen&#8217;s SUV was parked in the attached garage and with the overhead door closed, not visible from the street. Due to her emotional state Duke drove her vehicle back to my home, while Noreen rode with me. Duke left almost immediately and I barely had time to convey my immense gratitude. He stated he was leaving town indefinitely for an undisclosed destination, and suggested I contact him only in the event of extreme emergency; this could done through an intermediary.

Hopefully Lorraine would not be aware of his departure; with Master Joe still incarcerated, I was without muscle should I need it. Still to be determined was the loyalty of TJ and the disposition of slave April. I was sick and tired of the bitch and hoped a buyer could be found for her somewhere.

My first concern was debriefing Noreen, especially ascertaining just what incriminating information was extracted from her by Lorraine. The whole fiasco started when Noreen, hung over from several days of binge drinking, assumed that I no longer desired her services. Noreen took it upon herself to call Lorraine and inquire if her services might be of use to her.

Lorraine is not one to pass up an opportunity to wreak revenge upon me;&nbsp; she assured Noreen her services could be of use, and suggested coming to Lorraine&#8217;s house immediately to further discuss the matter. Noreen foolishly accepted, and upon arriving was promptly overpowered by the dynamic duet of Lorraine and Yen.

Noreen claims she fiercely resisted, but&nbsp; was drugged into semi-consciousness after a rag was held over her face; Lorraine has used chloroform in the past, so this claim was credible. Noreen next found herself stripped and tied face down to a metal table in the basement.

Noreen is no stranger to indignities forced upon subs, but being forced to use her tongue on both of Lorraine&#8217;s lower body orifices, was the worst experience of her life. Simultaneously she was ass fucked with a hand held dildo by Yen, which was not surprising considering his history of erectile dysfunction.

With the penetration regimen complete, Noreen was attached to the overhead and received an estimated ten to twelve painful lashes on the bare back with the bull whip. Following that she was locked in a cage for the night, and about 8:00AM she was removed from the cage and attached to the wall; the position in which I found her.

Noreen denied revealing any details concerning the abduction of Gwen, the Air Force captain, and claims Lorraine made no mention of it. That left me in somewhat of quandary; was Noreen lying or had Master Joe, or one of his cohorts, made the revelation to her. Neither made any sense.

Fortunately Gwen had never reported her abduction to the police, and shortly thereafter transferred to another part of the country. Thus even if Lorraine were aware of the details, it would be of little use for purposes of blackmail; however I would remain deeply troubled by how she could have learned about the affair.

Ultimately I reconciled with Noreen and she continues to serve as an associate to me. The outcome for April was not a happy one; TJ found a buyer for her, somewhere in the southwestern part of the country. For this I received a paltry five hundred dollars, and an invitation to observe her being shipped.

My sense of perversity was at its acme for this occasion. When I arrived at TJ&#8217;s, April was secured in a canine style cage, in the garage. TJ had gone to great lengths to secure her for transport; naked, with leather cuffs securing her wrists to the upper portion of the cage. To silence her she was fitted with a special gag, the airway type used by EMTs, it would allow adequate breathing but prevent any meaningful speech.

She was wearing a metal chastity belt, and I could not help but hear the buzzing of a vibrator; TJ jokingly remarked that he plugged both of her orifices with devices, to better enable her to withstand the rigors of long distance transport and wondered how long the battery would function.

Within ten minutes of my arrival, a Ryder box type truck pulled in the driveway and a plank was lowered from the rear door to the ground. April&#8217;s cage was placed on a dolly and she was rolled up the plank and into the cargo compartment. I will never forget the pleading glare on her eyes as I stood back and smiled. It then turned to one of hostility. Within five minutes of the arrival of the van, it exited the driveway transporting April to her new owner, and hopefully a lifetime of cruel and involuntary servitude.

END PART 85




















MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY&nbsp; part 86
By Long Tall Mary

Diversity, coupled with my mercurial personality, has been the hallmark of my twenty year plus dominatrix career. My most recent undertaking was to provide an overnight jail cell for a prisoner in transport.

It began with a phone call from Darla, currently 45 years old, who had served as one of my staff dominatrix&#8217; when I managed Craig&#8217;s BDSM bordello nearly twenty years ago. Ultimately she moved with her boyfriend to California, and I hadn&#8217;t seen nor heard from her since.

Currently she was employed as a bail enforcement agent, whose job was to apprehend bail absconders and transport them to jail, to prevent the bail bond company from taking a financial loss. As I was to learn, Darla was unusual in that she generally apprehended and transported the absconders alone, and concentrated almost exclusively on females. Darla had been a most competent dominatrix, and I had no doubt she possessed the requisite personality, for her current profession.

Darla was transporting a female absconder from Augusta, Maine to Toledo, Ohio. She requested being allowed to confine her prisoner overnight in my basement holding cell, this being preferable to a motel. I assured her that it would be no problem, but requested she blindfold her prisoner when she was about thirty minutes from my house. This would prevent the prisoner from identifying my location should there be any ramifications. The only information Darla provided about the prisoner, was that she was a twenty five year embezzlement suspect, and considered a serious escape risk.

I made clear to Darla that I expected some type of sexual tribute from her in exchange for my hospitality. Darla&#8217;s response was tepid; I knew she was loathe to lesbianism, but was confident that after plying her with alcohol she would come around. 

Considering that the prisoner would soon be in a public jail, it would be imprudent to subject her to any sexual or physical tortures, at least those that would leave any visible marks. However I made it quite clear to Darla, that upon arrival at my house, I would restrain the prisoner in a manner I saw fit, including endurance bondage. Again this was met with a tepid response.

About two hours later Darla called to give me the thirty minute warning, and precisely at the designated time her cargo van pulled into my driveway. I caught my first recent look at Darla, she was a blond, at 5&#8217;11 about an inch shorter than myself, but carrying at least twenty more pounds. She was dressed in a dark blue business suit, which I found unappealing, but I was to learn that the circumstances of the capture dictated such attire.

Upon opening the rear door of the van I caught my first glance of her prisoner. She too was a blond, making it a trio; at only 5&#8217;6 she was at least 170 pounds. Before her transport hood was removed I found her distinctly unappealing sexually; this was to be confirmed when I later observed her more closely.

The prisoner was quite secure in transport restraints; steel wrist shackles were connected to a waist belt, and a chain connected the belt to a set of steel ankle shackles, allowing for a shuffle pace. Upon being removed from the van the prisoner immediately began thrashing about, and spewing forth various epithets. I was aghast; had she been my prisoner she would have been hogtied and gagged for the entire trip.

Once we had guided the prisoner to the cellar stairs landing, her opaque hood was removed, enabling us to guide her safely down the stairs. The hood was immediately reapplied, as Darla and I removed her transport restraints and replaced them with four leather cuffs, one for each wrist and ankle. In short order, as had countless other submissives, she found herself attached to my overhead device, with a spreader bar used to keep her legs&nbsp; uncomfortably about three feet apart. In addition her wrists were attached to the overhead,&nbsp; closer to five feet apart.

The prisoner was attired in a navy blue turtle neck along with blue jeans, Darla would not permit her to be stripped. I did remove her hood, and quickly silenced her verbal protests, by applying a tight fitting red ball gag. The opaque hood was replaced with one of my spandex abbreviated hoods, one that allows permeability for breathing, and restricts vision to about twenty five per cent of normal. She would remain in this stringent position for at least two hours, however after a half hour I would remove her hood.

Darla and I then went upstairs, where she changed into jeans and a sweatshirt. Upon entering the living room she purposely sat in a single chair, instead of the couch, as if it would somehow protect her from my sexual advances. I pointed out the CCTV screen, which was focused on the prisoner in the basement. The excellent resolution, coupled with audio, enabled me to enjoy her predicament, especially the erotic sounds made crying through her gag.

I then served Darla the first of five martinis, and it took some effort to assure her that the drinks were not spiked. For my part I would consume three martinis myself, but with the synergistic effect of the prescription drugs in my system,&nbsp; it was all I could handle without loosing control.

After about half an hour of banter, we went to the basement and I removed the hood from the prisoner. The stupid bitch probably thought I was going to remove her other restraints as well; but I just smirked that you look too comfortable, I&#8217;ll be back in a little while bitch. She just glared at me as Darla and I returned upstairs.

It was now time to become forceful with Darla and I ordered her to remove her jeans and turtleneck, then sit on the couch next to me. She begrudgingly complied but not before indicating her unwillingness to be tied up. I assured her that was not my intention.

We spent nearly a half hour engaged in passionate deep mouth kissing, embracing and biting of her tits. Darla was required to be the aggressor with the kissing, and had to be prodded several times to do so. I felt a strong urge to put her in restraints, but successfully resisted it.

It was now time for her to be the aggressor with her mouth and my cunt. Ordinarily the sub is bound and made to kneel on the floor before me; in this case I permitted her to kneel on the couch, with her hands free. By now Darla was resigned to the fact that I would have my way, and for the next ten minutes she burrowed her tongue into my cunt with vigor, although not passion, providing me with some much needed orgasmic pleasure.

All good things must end, and I permitted Darla to cease her efforts. I was confident I had thoroughly humiliated her, without the customary elements of bondage such as restraints, pain, and strap on penetrations. I had no reason to expect she would ever wish to see me again, and that was acceptable. After not hearing from her for twenty years, she valued me only as an expedient, by providing overnight lodging for her prisoner. 

With the session in my bedroom complete, I offered her the choice of spending the night in bed with me, or using the guest bedroom; doing her best to hide her resentment, she opted for the later. But first it was time to secure the prisoner in the basement for the night.

The prisoner was taken down from the overhead and placed in the holding cell. I had considered requiring her to spend the night in the sitting room only cage, but decided against it, without any input from Darla.

The prisoner would remain fully clothed for the night and wore no restraints, except for the padlocked leather collar. This in turn was attached to the six foot chain bolted to the floor, and assured she would not be able to move from the decrepit mattress, which is a fixture in the cell, but within range of a bucket for excretory functions. Darla and I then retired to separate bedrooms. Her room was not locked and I provided a CCTV unit, should she wish to observe her prisoner.

Both Darla and I arose at 6:00AM, and she insisted the prisoner be allowed a shower before transport. This required attaching a twelve foot leash to the prisoner, along with ankle hobbles. After undressing in the cell, Darla led the prisoner on the leash to the upstairs bedroom and monitored her as she showered. 

To humiliate the prisoner I made some unflattering comments after observing her naked anatomy. For one I suggested that she enroll in a Weight Watchers class in whatever prison she would be confined to. Darla ignored my remarks, and by now her contempt for me was&nbsp; apparent from her body language.

With the shower complete and the prisoner permitted to towel dry, Darla led her by the leash back to the basement and into the cell, her collar was removed, and she was ordered to dress. The prisoner complied without protest; a dose of bondage, coupled with a most uncomfortable sleeping situation, had worked wonders upon the defiant bitch.

Next Darla applied the transport restraints; her hands cuffed with steel shackles to a waist chain and steel ankle shackles, which permitted her to walk, at an amusingly tortoise like pace. Upon reaching the top of the stairs, a hood was again placed over her head, and she was led to the van. 

After being secured in the cargo compartment, the hood was removed, and Darla without saying one word slammed the rear door shut, got in the drivers seat and drove off. She didn&#8217;t have the decency to even say thank you or good bye. You just can&#8217;t please everyone.

END PART 86



























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY&nbsp; Part 87
 By Long Tall Mary

During the course of my twenty five year dominatrix career, I have received&nbsp; numerous requests from dominatrix aspirants, hoping that I will permit them the privilege of training a submissive at my dungeon. 

In several cases I lured the dominatrix wannabe to my dungeon, with a promise that a submissive would be provided for their training. Upon arrival they receive an unpleasant surprise, in that they will be my submissive, and if they meet my standards I might consider permitting them to train a submissive. Suffice to say this has resulted in some vehement reactions from the wannabe, and more than once I have had to forcibly restrain them, much to my perverse delight of course.

The most recent such case was Denise, a twenty year old lesbian from Rochester. From phone and online chats it was apparent she considered herself a most competent dominatrix, despite the fact that her experience consisted only of tying up, and spanking, one of her female friends. Viewing Denise&#8217;s photo convinced me she was the arrogant type of bitch, whom I would enjoy forcing into submission.

It was agreed that Denise would pay a tribute of three hundred dollars and be allowed to session overnight at my dungeon. As I was satisfied she was of proper age, Denise would drive directly to my residence, and I would forego my customary practice of meeting with the sub in advance, at the Carousel Center. The three hundred dollars was indeed a bargain, in addition to several hours of hands on training, she would have the privilege of spending the night uncomfortably restrained, in either a cage or cell.



My impression of Denise was that she was a rabid lesbian, for whom sex with a male was abhorrent. Therefore I arranged for Mike, a local amateur dom, to be available to assist with her training. Mike is also an electrician, who did some free electrical work for me, so permitting him the privilege of using my dungeon was justified from the bartering standpoint.

Denise pulled into my driveway precisely at 10:00AM as agreed. A brunette at about 5&#8217;6 and 120 pounds, she was somewhat of a looker and probably could succeed as a heterosexual. With her hair cropped short and from her general demeanor, she was easily identifiable as a lesbian.

 She wore a red latex mini skirt, matching heels, and a white tank top. It would be possible to strip her without having to shred expensive clothing with my scissors. Denise had purchased the outfit specifically for her session with me, but nudity is and has always been, the rule in my dungeon-for submissives that is. I have a mild aversion to short haired brunettes, therefore Denise would soon be wearing a whorish looking blond wig.

I greeted Denise at the door, and without saying a word beckoned her to follow me into the living room. After collecting the tribute envelope I directed her to remove all her clothes and place them on the couch. As expected her reaction was one of bewilderment, and she insisted upon knowing the reason. Calmly I explained to her that she would first undergo training as a submissive, and if my standards were met she would be allowed to audition as a dominatrix. I did not inform her that I had no such intention for the session today.

The silly bitch reacted with indignation, I&#8217;m paying you three hundred dollars and you expect me to be the sub, you&#8217;re crazy were her exact words. My response was preplanned and swift, despite physical resistance I had her in handcuffs in short order. While I had my cattle prod device ready, it wasn&#8217;t necessary to use&nbsp; and it certainly was psychologically gratifying to be able to subdue someone much younger.

Next I took my six foot chain leash; in place of a collar I wrapped a portion of the leash around her neck and fastened it, making it easy to control her with the leather handle. I yanked on the leash resulting in her ending up face down on the couch, this enabled me to fasten a ball gag in place, it was made all that easier due to her short hair. Yanking on the leash again brought her to her feet, and she offered no resistance as I led her to the basement dungeon.

The bitch who appeared so full of fight upstairs, had lost the will to resist. I rather enjoy such resistance, but either way she would tortured and used for sex, both by myself and my guest trainer.
I extended the wire cable from the overhead and attached it to her wrists, still cuffed behind her back, then winched it upwards so that Denise&#8217;s upper body was bent over at an uncomfortable forty five degree angle.

I decided to leave her heels on, minus every other ounce of clothing she had on. This was accomplished rather easily with only her stockings falling ply to my scissors. A leather cuff was attached to each ankle and a connector used to secure them to eye rings in the floor. This resulted in further discomfort as her legs were spread out nearly four feet apart. The leash was removed, and a medium width leather collar was padlocked around her neck. 

Mike was due to arrive at 11:00, so Denise was left in her current bondage while I delivered my training monolog, intentionally failing to inform her she would soon be submissive to a male. As I had some business matters to attend to, I sat down at a desk which is positioned about ten feet in front of where the sub is restrained. This allows me the pleasure of watching the distress of the sub as they ponder their fate. One of my routines is to simulate a phone call to someone interested in purchasing a slave, describing in detail what I have to offer. This only adds further&nbsp; to the distress of the sub, but in the end she learns that the buyer isn&#8217;t interested.

About twenty minutes before Mike&#8217;s arrival, I released Denise from her stringent position on the overhead. This relief was only momentary, as her new position consisted of her sitting on the floor, with a spreader bar attached to her ankle cuffs. Her wrists were left in the leather cuffs, and these were attached in front of her to the center of the spreader bar, in a modified frog tie. This would assure that Mike would have convenient sexual access to her. With no need for her to speak, the ball gag remained in place.

It was just as well that she remained gagged, for when I sprung the surprise of Mike&#8217;s visit she reacted vehemently, with her words suppressed by the gag. She most likely would have hurled some epithet at me, in such case my reaction is always to administer a severe flogging.&nbsp; Flagellation would be part of the training agenda, but it would be phased in gradually during the session.

Perhaps this will ease the anxiety of awaiting the arrival of your master, I quipped before attaching a leather training hood over her face. The hood did have the effect of quieting her down, but it certainly enhanced her distress.&nbsp; So many of my subs detest wearing the hood!&nbsp; I feel strongly that it puts the sub in a better frame of mind for their impending episode of forced sex.

After leaving her for nearly ten minutes frog tied, hooded and gagged, I removed both the hood and ball gag. She was informed in no uncertain terms of the requirement to address Mike as Master, and submit to all of his advances without question. To illustrate the consequences of not doing so, I delivered three hard strokes with my crop to her crotch, after pulling up on the spreader bar and attaching it to the overhead with a cable for better access.. This caused her to scream and writhe in pain, and for the first time she addressed as me Mistress. With Mike&#8217;s arrival imminent, I fitted her with the whorish looking blond wig. Allowing her to catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror, I chuckled that Blonds always have more fun and I might just cement this to your scalp to make it permanent. I left her in the elevated position for the time being.

To keep the bitch in suspense I put a leather blindfold on her, she would be able to hear Mike moving about and speaking but not see him immediately. Mike arrived and donned a navy blue ski mask before removing his clothes. Standing next to the still blindfolded Denise, I explained to her that she would first pleasure his cock with her mouth before being cunt fucked. Actually this was rehearsed earlier.

At this point I removed the blindfold, permitting Denise her first glimpse of her masked tormentor. It was a scene right out of the bondage DVDs, the type found in adult bookstores. Only in this case Denise was forced to recite a script I had devised, This worthless slut will submit to any of your requests master, were the words uttered by Denise. As I felt that this was not sufficiently emphatic, I delivered another stinging crop stroke to her crotch, resulting in her repeating the phrase more to my liking.

For purposes of oral sex with an unwilling sub like this, a metal dental gag was inserted in her mouth and ratcheted to the most uncomfortable setting possible; no point taking a chance on the sub biting down on the cock. Mike did not intend to ejaculate in her mouth, he merely wanted to be hardened up, and Denise was instructed that if her mouth work was below par she could expect a severe whipping.

Watching Denise perform gave me great pleasure as it was clear she detested every second of it. Mike must have been in a benevolent mood, as during the nearly ten minutes of oral penetration as he did not see fit to use the whip. I personally thought her performance was substandard, but I deferred to Mike on this. Had it been up to me she would have been whipped instantly.

As this was taking place I mulled over some thoughts. Mike was certainly a competent male dom, but seemed to lack a core value of visceral sadism. His only interest was in fucking a restrained bitch. Personally I would have had more respect for him had he subjected her to some form of torture as well, such as nipple clamps or flogging.

It had been agreed that Mike would wear a condom for the coital penetration phase, since Denise was a lesbian it was not likely that she was on the pill. Denise without doubt was bitter over her treatment, but as chicanery is one of my core values, I would promise her a submissive to dominate at another session. Of course I had no intention of doing so.

Mike switched from the oral penetration phase to the cunt penetration phase. At this point I intervened and made it clear to Denise that erotic moaning sounds were expected of her, although she would remain gagged.&nbsp; Another vicious flogger stroke to her exposed, and most certainly sore, cunt caused her to shriek in pain, and demonstrated the consequences of disobeying my commands

The cunt penetration phase lasted nearly ten minutes , every second that Mike&#8217;s cock penetrated her cunt was torture, and clearly his intent was to maximize this. Denise still wasn&#8217;t expressing erotic pleasure to my satisfaction, but rather than flog her immediately I would deal with her disobedience later. After ejaculating Mike withdrew leaving the bitch still frog tied and gagged, the blindfold was not put on her again.

What was to happen next would prove to be one of the great surprises of my career. Mike and I stepped out of earshot and sight of Denise, at this point he removed his ski mask and then a pair of steel handcuffs from the pocket of his jeans, before calmly announcing I want to fuck you in handcuffs, referring of course to myself. I was both startled and appalled. No sub or dom, male or female, had every been granted the privilege of using me sexually, few have ever requested or attempted to do so. This is made clear to each sub before the session begins.

Still naked Mike grabbed me from behind, attempting to cuff my wrists. My swift reaction was to break loose, whirl around, and knee him in the groin. Clutching his groin with his hands, the overconfident aggressor slumped to the floor, As I was not about to give him time to recover, I quickly rear cuffed his wrists with the pair of steel cuffs intended for me, then added a plastic cuff to connect his ankles, he was now under my control. He would soon come to deeply regret his transgression.

My basement dungeon is divided into two halves by a wooden partition. This effectively provides me with two dungeons if necessary, and soundproofing assures that the sub in one will not hear what is said in the adjoining half. Denise was not aware of what had just happened. I rejected the thought of permitting her to have her way with my newest sub, the silly bitch had yet to show one bit of gratitude during the session.

I decided it was time for Denise to undergo posture training, using my recently acquired posture perfect board. This is simply a wooden board with an assortment of rings, to which restraints can be attached. The sub kneels in the position dictated by the trainer. For Denise this was a kneeling position, arched backwards approximately an&nbsp; at a twenty degree angle. With her ankle cuffs attached to rings in the rear, a connector was used to secure her wrist cuffs to the rear of the board. She was unable to move from the rigid position. I emphasized to Denise the importance of posture training before leaving her alone, permitting me to attend to Mike. Denise remained gagged, and to add a soothing touch I piped music from one of Sirius XMs gospel channels over the room speaker.

Mike was far too comfortable in his current bondage arrangement, indeed he was on his feet attempting to somehow free himself. This was quickly changed. After forcing him to the ground, a pair of my soiled panties was stuffed into his mouth, sealed by several turns of duct tape around his head. In addition a slip knot was attached to his neck and the rope attached to his ankle restraints. Thus he was in a strict hogtie, any significant movement would result in strangulation. Few of my submissives are so restrained, but nothing is more reprehensible than attempting to sexually assault a dominatrix.

I had already decided upon Mike&#8217;s fate. He would be assigned to a gay trainer, and forced to serve as a submissive transvestite. My relations with the local gay bondage community has always been favorable; in the past I relied upon Master Joe to handle my referrals. Unfortunately Master Joe, whom I regard as the consummate gay bondage trainer, is currently incarcerated at a federal prison on drug related money laundering charges. Joe had entrusted his local gay bondage empire to Johann, a thirty something Dutch migr. Johann, like Master Joe, were visceral sadists especially when the male sub was of heterosexual orientation.

Johann returned my call within five minutes and indicated a willingness to session with Mike. Unfortunately this would be done at another dungeon requiring vehicular transport. Needless to say I was quite disappointed to learn that I wouldn&#8217;t be able to observe Mike&#8217;s subjugation first hand, but he promised to provide me with a video of the session. Johann would arrive at my home within forty five minutes.

Suffice to say that when I informed Mike of his fate, his reaction was decidedly negative. Of course he couldn&#8217;t speak because of his gag, but his body language was unmistakable. I decided to leave him in strict bondage until Johann&#8217;s&nbsp; arrival, my only concession was to remove the slip knot from his neck. Another device was used to connect his wrists and ankles, leaving him in a slightly less restrictive hogtie.

To occupy myself until Johann&#8217;s arrival, I turned my attention to Denise, using my flogger to deliver strokes of varying intensities to her boobs. She also was fitted with a set of nipple clamps. The rear of her body was inaccessible due to her kneeling position, but there would be plenty of time later for that. I quickly concluded that Denise had a low pain sensitivity thresh hold, especially for the nipple bondage, so the clamps were removed for the time being.

Another feature of the bondage board is provision for the attachment of a dildo to the board surface. It can be arranged in such a way that the sub is forced to accept it through impaling as she kneels.. This is exactly what I had it mind for her. I adjusted her bondage so that was forced to a standing position.

The eight inch phallic intruder was screwed into a mounting on the board, in such a manner that Denise could not avoid being forced to accept it upon kneeling. She instantly recognized this and I had to use a modest degree of force for her to kneel. Her muffled protests were music to my ears. Once the intruder was threaded in, with her wrists still cuffed behind her, I reattached the connector to one of the rings, so that was forced to remain in the kneeling position. It was impossible for her to dislodge the intruder and she would remain in this position until after Mike&#8217;s departure.

Leaving Denise unattended for the time being, I turned my attention to Mike, still hogtied and gagged, in the adjacent dungeon. I sat down in a chair just in front of his face and calmly proceeded to describe his fate in detail. Some of this was conjecture of course, as I hadn&#8217;t agreed upon the specifics with Johann.

First Mike would undergo forcible feminization, no longer would he be known asMike, but rather Michelle. He would be dressed continuously in female attire; everything from heels, stockings, panties, dress and bra. His present long hair would be shaved and replaced with a suitable female hairpiece. A makeup artist would radically transform his facial appearance. Various hormones would be used to promote his feminization. 

His cock would be limited to excretory functions and kept in some type of restraint, never again would it penetrate any portion of a female. He would be repeatedly be ass fucked by other males, as well as forced to perform oral sex upon them. Most of his time would be spent in a closet, securely restrained, until his obedience was reflexive.

 One of Johann&#8217;s associates would drive Mike&#8217;s vehicle to an undisclosed location; his cell phone would be deactivated to prevent any tracing of his location. He would vanish without a trace, but as he had few close friends and was currently unemployed, it was likely few would be concerned about his disappearance. I assured him that I would visit him occasionally and force him to pose for some videos, which would be sold to a transvestite website.

I resisted the urge to subject him to brutal flagellation, as well as some heavy CBT. He would be receiving plenty of both from his new owner. To taunt him a bit I did stroke his cock to the point of ejaculation before stopping. In addition I further assailed his masculinity by commenting disparagingly on the length of his cock. Mike tried to remain stoic throughout my torments, by not looking at me, but it must have been clear to him that he was resigned to forced feminization.

Johann and one of his associates arrived on schedule. As agreed upon earlier both donned ski masks before entering the dungeon area, it also had been agreed that his present restraints would remain in place and that he would be transported immediately, without any chatter. The hog tie connector was temporarily removed. 

The two goons grabbed Mike, one to each arm, and proceeded to&nbsp; drag him up the stairs and outside to a waiting pick up truck. This was done most efficiently, and most certainly to Mike&#8217;s surprise, he was literally tossed into the bed of the pick up. But he would not remain in that position, instead he was forced into the large tool box behind the cab. At this point Mike made his first attempt to resist, but it was completely ineffectual, the hogtie connector was reattached, and he was locked inside the box.

The goons then removed their ski masks and Johann spoke tersely to me. The box has a special air compressor to prevent suffocation and is specially soundproofed was all he had to say before getting behind the wheel of the pickup, and with his associate driving Mike&#8217;s vehicle, both promptly drove off.

END PART 87































 






























MEMORIES OF LONG TALL MARY Part 88

By LONG TALL MARY

My gratification over Mike&#8217;s enslavement was immense, having the effect of mellowing my attitude towards the still confined dominatrix wannabe, Denise.

She clearly was in agony struggling to kneel with the dildo lodged in her cunt, however from her body language I detected a change in her previous attitude, which had been one of hostility and defiance. I told her that if she performed adequately on the oral phase of her training, she would be permitted to sleep comfortably overnight, and that I would make every attempt to procure a female sub for her use. Of course I had no intent on fulfilling this offer.

I released her from the painfully strenuous kneeling position before attaching a leash to her collar. With wrists bound behind and gagged, I led her up to the bathroom on the first floor. The position I decided to use for Denise was one that I seldom used. After generously providing a pillow for her knees, she was made to kneel in front of and facing the toilet. Her wrists were released from behind and reattached frontally, over and around the base of the toilet. She would have ready access to the genitals of anyone sitting, and facing her, on the toilet.

One of my absolute taboos is to refrain from urinating upon a sub, however this does not preclude me from urinating while seated on the toilet, as the sub burrows her tongue into my cunt. This is exactly what I had in mind for Denise and after removing her gag, I ordered her to begin the mouth work as I sat, excreting at a leisurely pace. She was forced to perform this without pause for nearly ten minutes, although I had to prod her several times to be more vigorous. 

Having performed to my satisfaction , I switched my position on the toilet so that I was facing the basin, my posterior unavoidably in her face. Pleasure my asshole and lick it clean bitch, I commanded, sensing the lack of enthusiasm as she forced herself to perform the repugnant act.

 Irked by her less than diligent performance, while not wishing to miss the Montel Williams show, I decided upon a different position for Denise. I released her wrists from the toilet, cuffed them in the front, and then added a connector between the ring of her collar and the handcuffs. She was now in a most uncomfortable preacher position.

If she thought that the anal portion of the session was over, it was quickly dispelled as I led her into the living room, where I have a special piece of furniture for face sitting purposes. It is a hotel room luggage rack, the type with no bottom, consisting of straps to sit upon. It has been modified with a seat back so that a person can sit comfortably upon it.


The seat height is such that it requires a pillow or two&nbsp;&nbsp; underneath the seat, assuring that the mouth of the sub lying on her back, is unable to avoid contact with the anal region of the dominatrix, who sits comfortably above. 

This is precisely what I had in mind for Denise, who would&nbsp; continue with her wrists cuffed frontally to her collar.&nbsp; Once I had her positioned correctly, I made it known that she would remain that way for the entire length of the Montel show, unless her anal mouth work was adequate. I made her lick for nearly fifteen minutes, indeed she performed to my satisfaction and was released from her suffocating position beneath me.

For the remainder of the show I made her kneel in front of the couch with her head lowered. Any deviation from that position would result in her being subjected to further face sitting. Being the benevolent soul that I am, once again a pillow was provided for her kneel on, her wrists remained cuffed to the front of her collar, in the preacher position.

Five minutes before the end of the show my cell phone rang, caller ID showed it was coming from my bar. It was Patti, my bar manager, informing me that a very important person would be a guest at the bar later in the evening. The guest would be a psychiatrist, who only recently established practice in Syracuse, that I was attempting to cultivate a doctor-patient relationship with.

The patient of course was myself, as I am forever in need of prescription tranquilizers to treat my benign essential tremors. Low level hand tremors have long hindered my ability to perform delicate tasks, such as tying knots, or shaving the hair off the cunt of a submissive. Fortunately the condition has responded well to tranquilizers, however finding a physician willing to prescribe them has always been a challenge. Dr. Newmint, a fledging local psychiatrist, and I recently had a falling out over providing him with submissives to satisfy his bondage fantasies. With my source of prescriptions in jeopardy, finding a new physician provider was of the utmost importance.

My contractual relationship with my submissive clientele is likewise of utmost importance, after all Denise had paid for an overnight session, even if her preference to serve as a dominant would not be honored. However she was not holding up well under the rigors of my training, I had yet to administer any extensive flogging, and my feeling was that she could not safely be pushed to the limit that I had&nbsp; planned.

Therefore I decided to engage in further chicanery by offering Denise a proposition. She would be released shortly and I would schedule her for another session, at no additional cost, this time with her as the dominate. She readily accepted although I hardly expected her to follow up on it. I continued with some sweet talk, as to how well she had withstood the training, and that she certainly had potential as a dominatrix.

Denise departed within thirty minutes leaving me with mixed feelings. I always enjoy subjecting my bondage clients to what they are not expecting, however at times important tavern business must take priority. If nothing else I was determined to find a trustworthy person to monitor my dungeon submissives when I am unable to be present.

My encounter with the psychiatrist proved rewarding. He was interested in procuring submissive females for bondage and indicated he would accept me as a patient. He would not charge me a fee, but would issue a false receipt showing a cash payment, the purchase of the prescription drugs would be at my expense. An appointment was scheduled for the following week, with arrangements for a bondage encounter to be made at that time.

Three days later a DVD was delivered anonymously to my doorstep, I had no doubt that it featured Mike undergoing forced feminization. Despite the poor quality of both the video and audio, viewing all ten minutes of it left me with a feeling of immense gratification.

The video showed Mike standing with his wrists attached by leather cuffs to an overhead device. He is wearing a black female wig, a narrow black collar, a bra, stockings with a garter belt, and red heels. His genital region is exposed with his cock tied off. It is evident that a make up artist did some work to his face.

Mike then proceeds to recite from a script, possibly from a background teleprompter. My name is Michelle and I attempted to rape my dominatrix. I deeply regret the error of my ways and will comply with the feminization requirements of my master. His wish is my command. At this point a nude and hooded male, whom I have no doubt is Johann, steps behind Mike and proceeds to fuck him anally. This continues for about five minutes with Mike moaning erotically, most certainly not for pleasure, but rather to please his new owner. Johann remains silent throughout the video. The last few minutes of the video shows Mike, still restrained, staring forlornly at the camera.

I was tempted to call Johann and commend him for his efforts, however it was agreed there would be no discussion of the matter by telephone. Johann fears that he is being targeted by the feds because of his association with Master Joe, logically this would involve wiretapping. My fervent desire is that I will soon be permitted to visit Mike,&nbsp; personally observing him endure the rigors of forced feminization.

A development has occurred which should result in a stream of new clientele. TJ, the local lord of prostitution and escort services, has relocated to Florida. New owners have taken over his empire which includes both an escort service and traditional neighborhood bordellos, they will be operated separately by different owners.

Based upon a referral from TJ, Jeff the owner of the escort business, has contracted with me to discipline errant employees. Misconduct by escorts is rampant in the business and results in significant losses for the house. The most common transgression is to book clients for private sessions at a lesser rate than charged by the house. Escorts have also been known to sell drugs while on duty, putting the owner at great legal risk.

Jeff, the new escort owner, strikes me as a competent business manager, with no interest in selling drugs. At a recent meeting I discussed the ground rules for disciplinary sessions, the first being that the client enter my dungeon voluntarily, they are not to be transported in restraints. My preferred method is to have someone else drive the client, the client exits the vehicle in the driveway, and enters through my garage walk in door. The driver leaves immediately.

Once inside the doors are self locking, should the client change their mind, escape is impossible. The CCTV unit records their voluntary entry and is preserved should any claim of coercion be made, once inside no further video recordings are made. The preferred duration of the stay is overnight or approximately eighteen hours.

It is not necessary for the client, I should say sub, to know in advance the precise details of their session. They are told they will be serving a dominatrix and subjected to moderate corporal punishment. Of course they may perceive the punishment as more than moderate, that is&nbsp; they will be restrained, flogged and used sexually, in any way I see fit.

Within two weeks Craig made his first disciplinary referral to me, and was she a gorgeous looker! Just seeing her picture made me eager to session her, these fitness types are always a challenge to train. Jackie, a 29 year old MILF, was recently divorced and working part time as an aerobics instructor, when she decided to apply her talents to being an escort.

Unfortunately her loyalty to Craig, her employer, was dubious as within her first week of escort work she was caught trying to book a client for a private session with her. Craig immediately confronted her and delivered an ultimatum: either accept an overnight disciplinary session or no longer be one of his employees. 

Jackie agreed to submit to a disciplinary session, but like so many others believed that her punishment would be nothing more than a hand spanking. It must never have occurred to her that an overnight session with a dominatrix would be far more rigorous. This would prove problematic to her, but to the dominatrix such naivet is bliss.

Craig drove the errant escort to my home precisely at 10:00AM, she exited his Mercedes and entered the garage through the walk in door, as he promptly exited my driveway. I caught a glimpse of her over the CCTV, a short haired brunette with rare green eyes, she was neatly attired in a black vinyl miniskirt, a low cut white blouse, and fashionable 5 heels. At 5&#8217;7, about 120 pounds, she strutted with a commanding air about her.

Saving her the effort of knocking upon the inner door I greeted her with the terse command Come with me&#8217;, and led her into the living room. She was then directed to remove all of her clothing, lingerie included. This prompted her to remark I&#8217;m not keen on being here, but you can spank me without me being naked.

Incensed by her defiant tone, my staid response was You will address me as mistress and not speak unless spoken to. Yes mistress was her snippy response as she begrudgingly stripped nude. The bitch would suffer dearly for her disrespectful attitude.

Why some otherwise intelligent women don&#8217;t seem to comprehend that a night with a dominatrix involves more than a spanking, will forever elude me.&nbsp; As I cuffed Jackie&#8217;s wrists behind her back this naivet persisted, as she protested that nothing in the agreement provided for her being restrained.

My response was swift and uncharacteristic of my style, I gave her a hard backhanded slap across the face. Listen bitch you are not here for a counseling session, you will serve me sexually in addition to whatever tortures I may subject you to, was my angry response. Having been forewarned that she was averse to having sex with black males, I added that she would be serving such a friend of mine, with whom I had made arrangements with to stop by. This threat was one of my characteristic bluffs, especially after being assaulted recently by a guest trainer, I wasn&#8217;t about to invite another.

This revelation proved to be more than she could stomach and demanded that I release her immediately. My response was to force her, face down upon the couch sitting upon her back, and applying a set of leg irons. A leather belt was encircled around her waist, with a padlock used to connect her wrist cuffs to the belt. 

To this was added a padlocked leather neck collar, a face muzzle, and finally a rubber cock gag. For added humiliation I emphasized these the collars were designed for dogs, and used only on subs who exhibited canine characteristics. Wisely she refrained from struggling as applying these devices requires the sub to remain still.

The gag did suppress intelligible speech but did not prevent her from continuing to mouth protests. Typically I hold off on flogging until the sub is secured in the basement, then reciting my standard training monolog. In this case I retrieved a full face leather hood, with only nose openings, and covered her head with it.

 Before she could protest further I threatened to leave the hood on for the entire session, she would signal her cooperation by nodding her head. She immediately nodded, but for good measure I left the hood in place for about three minutes, at which time the hood was removed These hoods are almost always effective for this type of situation. After proceeding to attach a four foot chain leash to her collar, my sub was led to the basement. The uppity aerobics bitch was completely docile, so powerful is the hood at influencing behavior. Just for good measure I carried the hood with me, taunting her by suggesting that it be reapplied This brought a desperate shaking of her head, coupled with her muffled entreaties not to do so.

The order of my submissive training regimen has become rather standardized, thus from time to time I use a variation. Instead of attaching Jackie to the overhead for endurance bondage, she was forced to bend over a saw horse. Her legs were spread wide and ankles attached to the vertical post with plastic cuffs. The wrists remained belted and cuffed behind her, then a piece of rope was run through the ring on her collar. The ends of the rope were pulled down, with one end attached to each of the vertical posts. She was completely immobilized and ready for both the caning and strap on phases of her training.

My explanation of what was to follow was concise. She would receive ten strokes on the buttocks with a rattan, after each stroke she would count by sounding off ,one mistress thank you may I have another, until twelve were reached. If the enunciation was insufficient she would receive additional strokes, if still lacking she would wear the hood again, while being fucked anally with the strap on.

I offered her the opportunity to be blindfolded for both the caning and strap on, her response was to shake her head vigorously. Her gag was removed and the caning progressed. After ten strokes, of progressively higher intensity, her buttocks were reddened to the degree I knew that pain would persist for several days. As a reward for her obedience I magnanimously spared her two more strokes. Once again she was gagged by placing the rubber cock dildo back into the face muzzle.

She was left to ponder her fate for a few minutes until I was ready for the anal penetrations to commence. During this period I stood behind and out of her sight. This only adds to the distress the sub is experiencing, it was made clear to her that the penetrations would be intentionally painful, a most ideal complement to the cane inflicted welts covering her buttocks. Once again she declined my offer to be blindfolded.

After attaching the dildo to the strap on belt, a modest quantity of lubricant was applied. I then commenced my penetrations, alternating between rapid and slow thrusts, These were done in a manner most likely to be painful, I don&#8217;t provide anal play to my subs for their pleasure. Jackie&#8217;s cries of agony, muffled as they were by her gag, left no doubt as to her being in pain.

Ten minutes of penetrations was adequate, at this point I sensed she was nearing her upper limit of pain tolerance. Not wishing to push her beyond that I announced she would receive a temporary reprieve from physical torture. 
I then simulated a phone&nbsp; conversation with the imaginary person of color, whom Jackie had been led to believe would be permitted to use her sexually. He would not be able to stop by. I feigned my disappointment, knowing that Jackie&#8217;s reaction would be one of relief. She was left restrained and gagged in her uncomfortable position, bent over the saw horse, while I attended to some personal business.

Upon returning about twenty minutes later I decided that she had endured enough torture and that it was time to secure her for the night. She was placed in my holding cell with a six foot chain connecting her collar to a floor bolt, her gag and other restraints were removed. She would be able to stand but have very limited movement.

Jackie would be monitored via CCTV and subjected to a mix of music from the gospel channels of Sirrius XM. Periodically I would use the intercom to command her to stand at attention or assume some other humiliating position. I could observe her, but she could only hear me. Having been forewarned she would be subjected to additional torture, including the dreaded hood, her obedience responses were excellent and warranted no further punishment.

After Jackie&#8217;s sleepless night of confinement, Craig arrived at 10:00 to&nbsp; pick her up. My ritual for release of subs, had been explained to Craig and agreed to. Still nude, her wrists cuffed behind, Jackie was led on a leash up to a family room, where Craig was waiting. Ordered to kneel before him, reciting from script, she begged for forgiveness, and offered to instantly perform any form of sexual activity that he commanded. Craig declined, Jackie&#8217;s restraints were removed and she was allowed to dress before departing. Clearly Craig was one satisfied customer.



END PART 88


















 






















































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Long Tall Mary


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





