BDSM Library - The Return of Prodigal




The Return of Prodigal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man returns to the village of his birth in the grip of an old obsession.The Return Of The Prodigal   
By Estaban Bacca   
A hot Maltese sun had baked the limestone village throughout the day. The
  shadows had grown long and any activity along the quay had died away. Edgar
  Baldachino sat at his regular table outside the caf&eacute;. Over the rim of
  a wine glass, his eyes watched the fleet of fishing luzzus  peacefully
  bobbing at their moorings but his thoughts were far from tranquil. His mind
  was thirty years in the past.  
He had been a youth of eighteen when he'd decided he had to have Maria Bianchi,
  Maria of the flashing eyes and musical laugh. Two years his junior, she was
  the prettiest girl in the village and the only daughter of its wealthiest family.
  That having grown up an orphan living with an impoverished aunt might limit
  his chances had never entered his mind. He had been certain that she would
  recognize his love for her and that fate would somehow lend a hand. In fact,
  he had never had any chance at all. Maria had never even noticed the quiet,
  young man with the adoring eyes. Her heavily chaperoned, very Catholic existence
  had kept her so removed from young Edgar that even living in the same small
  community, they might as well have been worlds apart.  
She had been married, through a family arrangement, to Mario Zamut, a brawling,
  bull of a man. As the most successful fisherman of the fleet, Mario had acquired
  three boats. Even though he bullied his crews and was known to fly into brutal
  rages, his success was respected. Everyone in the small community, except Edgar,
  thought the match was apt.  
Their wedding day had been one long torture for Edgar. He had watched bitterly
  from the fringes of the celebration. Maria's radiant smile and smooth olive
  complexion had been showcased by the brilliant white lace she wore. Edgar had
  sought to dull the ache in his heart with steady doses of the local Marsala
  wine. When Mario had discarded his coat and tie for the dancing, the sight
  of Maria in the groom's brawny embrace had proved too much for Edgar. He had
  taken himself off along the quay, not stopping until he'd sagged onto the stones
  at the tip of the breakwater. The half empty bottle had slipped from his hand
  and smashed. He had focused drunkenly on the long line of the horizon. An azure
  sky had joined the sapphire sea in a mocking display of beauty while hot tears
  had coursed down his cheeks.  
The following day he had signed onto a freighter and for the next ten years
  had traveled the world aboard merchant ships. He probably would never have
  returned had it not been for the accident. A hoist had failed and a bale of
  Egyptian cotton had crashed down into the hold where his gang had been stowing
  cargo. Edgar's right leg had been crushed and he was left with a permanent
  limp that had retired him from the sea. During his time abroad he had done
  much and had many women. His youth and its disappointments seemed a small and
  distant part of a life now crowded with experience. His feelings for Maria
  had long since been locked into one of those musty memory closets that one
  seldom opens. He would have left her there and been safe from his long ago
  obsession had it not been for the accident. It was the realization that he
  was crippled for life which had reawakened the bitterness and turned him toward
  home.  
Upon his return, he had found the hurt waiting for him. His first sight of
  the place had torn the scab from his emotions and set the old anger to festering.
  There had been a settlement after the accident. Edgar spent several seemingly
  idle weeks studying the place where he had grown up. Eventually, he had formulated
  a loose plan that with patience and money he'd been sure would eventually achieve
  his purpose. He'd thought often of the old Maltese proverb, Bil-flus
  taghmel triq il-bahar,   with enough money one can build a road
  in the sea. He'd bought the small marina where foreign residents kept their
  yachts and small sailboats. The Marina had grown with the influx of tourists
  and by local standards Edgar had become a man of wealth. His was the only marine
  supply serving the small harbor and while he used the fishermen fairly, he
  felt no qualms about charging the yachtsmen dearly. He had then built a small
  tourist hostel and that had succeeded as well. His growing prosperity was in
  stark contrast to the fortunes of the rest of the village. The numbers of the
  Blue Finned Dorado, or Lampuka   as the Maltese called
  this fish, had thinned. The fishing industry of the island had shrunk to a
  part-time, coastal business for the most part.  
As Edgar was the village's main contact with tourists and outsiders, it had
  become a matter of some importance that the owners of businesses be on good
  terms with him. It was he who decided from whom a car would be rented. It was
  he who referred vacationing couples to the owners of summer flats for let.
  Edgar had gradually become the man to see for any foreigner or local in need
  of advice. He had even become a money lender for small loans that no proper
  bank would have approved. Through all of these developments Edgar had been
  scrupulously fair with the villagers. His cleverness at taking advantage of
  the outsiders was considered only just and praiseworthy. Now twenty five years
  had passed since his return and it was generally agreed by all that, even as
  a youngster, he had shown great promise. In fact, one would have been hard
  pressed to find a soul not claiming that they had long ago predicted his rise
  to importance.  
During summer evenings, auto traffic was blocked off of favorite streets
  and all of island's towns and villages turned out for the  passeggiata,   or
  ritual stroll .  Down the length of the quay and then
  back up the seafront boulevard they meandered. Men, women, old and young wandered
  along in a lazy circle, gossiping and enjoying the cooler air. It was also
  during these strolls that avaricious mothers made sure their eligible daughters
  paused on one pretext or another near the caf&eacute; table which Edgar had
  taken as his own. Year after year, he had displayed no more than a polite and
  passing interest in the young women paraded before him. Finally, the frustrated
  mothers had decided that perhaps whatever accident had befallen him had crippled
  more than his leg.  
Edgar came back into the present with a sardonic smile and a disgusted shake
  of his head. Although he was invariably courteous and seemed to wear his status
  with an easy manner, Edgar secretly looked upon all of their attentiveness
  with scorn. He remembered all to well the lonely tears he had once shed here.
  Where had they all been back then? They had been filling their bellies at the
  wedding tables and singing Mario's a jolly good fellow. Well, there had not
  been a single tear since.  
He stood with the aid of a gold knobbed cane and kicked his stiff leg into
  motion. His steady progress along the waterfront to his office at the hostel
  was punctuated by greetings and well wishes from any he met. A fisherman mending
  his nets, a group of women on a stoop across the way, a street vendor, they
  all had a good word for Edgar.  
Glancing ahead, he suddenly saw something that quickened his pulse. The moment
  he had been waiting so long for had finally arrived. Waiting outside his door,
  hat in hand, was the burly form of the fisherman, Mario Zamut. Edgar had been
  expecting the man's visit for some time. He slowed his already moderate pace
  in order to savor the moment. Let the bastard stew, he thought.  
Over all the years since his return, Edgar had only caught glimpses of Maria.
  During Carnival or on feast days, he might see her and then always on the arm
  of the pig who was now watching his approach. She would be fifty years old
  he estimated. That many years of village life invariably made an old woman
  of even the fairest. Work and thin living saw to that, but Maria had led a
  more privileged life and her beauty had survived. To Edgar's starved gaze,
  the mature Maria had become even more desirable than the sparkling girl had
  been. Each brief encounter had sent a new stab of jealousy through Edgar and
  instead of diminishing; his lust for her had grown with each passing year.  
When he finally reached his steps, he was smiling. Mario Zamut opened the
  door for him and extended a thick arm to assist his climb. Edgar allowed the
  man he had so often thought of as 'the pig', to help him inside. He settled
  himself into the deep leather chair behind his desk. His caller stood, twisting
  his hat, waiting for the offer of a seat but Edgar merely looked at him inquisitively.  
"So, Edgar, how are things?" the big fisherman finally blurted with a forced
  joviality.  
"Mario Zamut, have we ever been friends?"  
"Friends? What an odd question, Edgar. I've known you all your life."  
"No one here knew me while I was away&hellip; but that is beside the point.
  My question was&hellip; have we ever been friends?"  
"Well, no. Not close friends but&hellip;"  
"Nor even distant ones. I would prefer that you address me formally&hellip;as
  Mr. Baldachino."  
Edgar was pleased to observe the deep flush that rose out of the big fisherman's
  collar and suffused his countenance. He could imagine the acrid taste of the
  pride and anger that was being swallowed but he merely smiled into the man's
  red face and waited.  
"Yes, well&hellip; Mr. Baldachino then." The big man choked out at last.  
"What can I do for you, Mr. Zamut." Edgar asked smoothly.  
"I have come with a proposition for you."  
"And what might that be, Mr. Zamut?"  
"You have been expanding your business interests. I wish to expand as well.
  I need larger boats to reach the deep water schools. I thought I might offer
  you a chance to join me in this business."  
Edgar steepled his fingers and pretended to consider the proposal. Let the
  pig sweat just a while longer before I gut him, Edgar mused to himself. He
  finally could hold it in no longer and when he raised his eyes, he was laughing
  out loud.  
"What is so funny?" the fisherman demanded angrily.  
"You are."  
Edgar observed Mario Zamut's balled fists and suddenly raised arms calmly.  
"Go ahead. I'll have you locked away on charges. I am not one of your frightened
  crewmen. You can't bully your way out of the fix you are in, you big, hairy
  pig."  
Despite his anger, the truth of Edgar's statement sank in. The meaty fists
  slowly unclenched and the man's huge shoulders slumped.  
"You come here to sell me part of your business, eh? What business? All of
  your boats and your home are mortgaged to the hilt and three different banks
  are threatening foreclosure. Your nets are shot, two of your boats are no longer
  seaworthy and you have already pissed all of the money Maria's parents left
  her down this same hole. So, again I ask you, Mr. Zamut, what business?"  
"Yes, it's all true. I should have known there would be no secrets in this
  shitty little place. A loan then? If I can just reach the big fish&hellip; I
  can turn this around and pay you with interest."  
"You are a fool. The big fish are not offshore&hellip; they are on shore.
  Fishing is history. Tourism is the only viable industry left for the likes
  of us. Now here is my offer&hellip;  
I will pay off all of your notes and I will take ownership of the house and
  boats and put them all in good order. You will work for me and you may continue
  to live in the house.  
You will run the boats for me. One will take tours thru the Blue Grotto twice
  daily in season and the other two will take tourists out day fishing. I shall
  pay you forty percent of the net. It will either be that way or you will lose
  everything within the month."  
As Mario Zamut slowly sifted through what he was being offered, he began
  to like it. He would still have a home. He would still be the captain of his
  crews. Perhaps this arrogant cripple was going to be his salvation after all  
"Done." He said suddenly, "I can see you are a smart fellow, Mr. Baldachino.
  You won't regret this. I will make money for both of us."  
"There is one other thing, Zamut&hellip;.Your wife&hellip;Maria. She will
  have to come here to live. You may put it about that she has come to work as
  my maid."  
"My wife? Are you mad? Impossible."  
"Very well then. I believe we are finished here."  
"Wait. Be reasonable. Maria would make a terrible maid for you any way. She
  has never worked with her hands. Also there would be talk. A married woman
  coming into a single man's home &hellip;even be it the home of a&hellip;well,
  they would still think the worst."  
"You were about to say 'even be it the home of an impotent cripple'. Weren't
  you?"  
"Look&hellip;Mr. Baldachino, I mean no disrespect but&hellip;"  
"No. You are right. I am a cripple, though far from impotent. And yes, they
  will indeed talk and think the worst. Furthermore, they will be correct. If
  you send her to me&hellip; I will be fucking her. In her cunt, in her mouth
  and up her arse. I will be using her in any manner I please."  
Mario Zamut's face took on a sickish pallor as Edgar's vile words beat at
  his ears.  
"You must be mad."  
"You will no longer be allowed to fuck her though." Edgar continued, "You
  will not even be allowed to touch or speak to her. She will still be yours
  in name only. In reality she will become my property and will stay here forever."  
At a loss for words, the trapped man looked everywhere, other than at Edgar,
  as he wrestled with himself. If he went along with the fucking cripple's proposition,
  he might as well hang a sign around his neck that read 'cuckold'. The gimpy
  bastard smiling up at him from behind the desk wanted to brazenly put the horns
  on him for the whole village to see.  
"Our business is done, Mr. Zamut. Either have Maria present herself here
  before eight this evening or the deal is off. Please show yourself out."  
Edgar watched Zamut shuffle out. Once the door had closed, he made his way
  quickly to the window. He watched the beaten man's retreating back until it
  was lost to sight. Countless times he had imagined the scene that had just
  unfolded. He had always expected that this moment would be one of elation but
  there was only an emptiness in him. He was suddenly laughing aloud again. This
  time at himself&hellip; for all the time he had wasted hating such a pathetic
  creature as Zamut had turned out to be.  
Edgar returned to the comfort of his chair and poured from the decanter of
  brandy on his desk. As he breathed in the fumes from the snifter, the antique
  cabinet clock in the corner chimed six in the evening. Edgar had seen no reason
  to reveal that he had already purchased Zamut's outstanding notes from the
  bank at a discount days earlier. He had taken over the man's property and had
  just finished stripping him of his pride. All that remained to Mario Zamut
  now were his honor and his woman. At some point during the next two hours he
  would either decide to trade both for mere survival or he would accept ruin.
  Edgar took a long, slow sip and settled back to watch the face of the old clock
  and enjoy his anticipation.  
Barely and hour had passed when the door buzzer sounded. She had come. Edgar
  sat motionless at his desk, enjoying his triumph. He had indeed built his road
  in the sea of circumstance and now Maria had traveled it to his door. He wished
  he could have been inside her head while she had been taking all those steps
  from her door to his. He wondered what she was thinking at this moment as she
  waited for the man she had never noticed but who now held her fate in his hands.
  It was so wonderfully ironic that this woman who had consumed his thoughts
  for so long had yet to speak to him. What would her first words be? Would she
  cry and beg? Would she be angry and scornful?  
He could, of course, forbid her to speak at all. As he sat, it dawned on
  him that all of his thoughts had been focused on arriving at this point. He
  had wanted to break the man, Mario Zamut and having done so, had found small
  satisfaction in the end. Never make the sauce until you have caught the fish,
  his old auntie had always told him. He had never really thought of what he
  would do with Maria once he had caught her. With his earlier declaration that
  he intended to fuck her&hellip; to use her shamefully, he had merely been driving
  verbal nails into Zamut's ears and heart. A full awareness of his absolute
  control now washed over him. Having caught his fish, he was free to make the
  sauce. He arose and limped to meet his prize.  
Maria Zamut had listened in shock as her husband had broken down and informed
  her of the desperate plight they were in. She'd had no idea that they were
  on the verge of financial collapse. Mario had always handled their money and
  led her to believe that all was well. Maria was a bright and intelligent woman
  but she had followed the Maltese custom and had never inquired into her husband's
  business. She had awakened that morning, the respected, well to do wife of
  a strong man and in the blink of an eye her life was changed. She had watched
  her husband, sobbing, with his head in his hands, while she struggled with
  the reality of being destitute and homeless. It was on top of all of this that
  Mario had blurted out Edgar Baldachino's demand that she become his maid. His
  live in maid, no less.  
She remembered years ago, hearing that the marina had been purchased by an
  orphan who had returned after having made his fortune abroad. She had been
  curious to see the prodigal son who had returned to be subject of so much gossip.
  Her first sight of the man had stirred no memories though. She had thought
  him handsome even with his stiff leg. She'd been sure that with his success
  Edgar Baldachino would marry well despite his handicap.  
But Edgar Baldachino had not married. He had been socially reclusive, denying
  even the cleverest of the village women any chance to set a marriage snare.
  This had led to the gossip asserting that the man was impotent. Since he was
  obviously not gay it was the only explanation for his lack of interest in women.
  Maria had assumed it must be so but had given the matter little thought. With
  the passing of time she had occasionally seen him, sitting alone at his table
  outside the caf&eacute;. She had thought he must be very lonely and had felt
  sorry for him.  
Now it seemed that, out of nowhere and for no reason, this lonely, crippled
  man, whom she had felt pity for, had decided to take control of their lives.
  She'd asked Mario to explain it all but he had refused to lift his head and
  look at her. At last she had decided that she would have to go and confront
  Edgar Baldachino herself if she were to have an answer.  
So now Maria had been staring at his big oak door for what had seemed forever,
  waiting for it to open. It was at last swung wide and the man she had come
  to see was staring down at her fixedly. Wordlessly he turned from her, leaving
  the door open behind him. After the briefest hesitation she entered. Maria
  found him behind his desk with his eyes again searching hers intently. The
  silence and the intensity of the man's gaze flustered her and she felt compelled
  to lower her eyes from his. She was relieved when he finally spoke.  
"Your husband sent you?"  
"No. I came myself&hellip;.To ask why you are doing this to us."  
I have done nothing to you. You may thank your husband's stupidity for the
  fix you are in."  
Perhaps it was better that she had come on her own, thought Edgar. It showed
  that she had spirit. Edgar decided that the time had come to take the measure
  of that spirit.  
"Do you love your husband, Maria?"  
"Yes. Of course I love him. He has been a good husband to me for thirty three
  years."  
How was it possible, Edgar mused, that a brute like Mario Zamut had been
  good to her all those years. How could his Maria truly love such a pathetic
  example of a human being. Her words hardened his resolve.  
"You can save him." Edgar told her mildly.  
At this, she raised her eyes again and looked searchingly into Edgar's.  
"You have no need of a maid. What is it you want, Edgar Baldachino?"  
"You."  
His short answer clarified everything for Maria. Suddenly she understood
  what this odd man was after. It made no sense that he should desire a middle
  aged woman when he could have his pick of any young girl in the village, but
  then what obsession had ever been ruled by logic. Understanding all this did
  nothing to help their situation though. It suddenly occurred to Maria that
  if this crazy man wanted her badly enough to contrive such a confrontation,
  that it might be she who had the bargaining power.  
"Perhaps we can come to some other agreement, Mr. Baldachino. I might be
  able to meet privately with you in Valletta from time to time."  
"You are suggesting a secret affair, Mrs. Zamut?" Edgar's use of her married
  title was dripping with irony.  
"Yes." She said quietly, a deep blush darkening her olive complexion.  
"You are trying to haggle with me. How droll. It turns out that the Maria
  of my dreams is just another whore."  
"If I am it is for love rather than money and it is your doing. An arrangement
  such as you propose will not save my husband. It would kill him. The ridicule
  would destroy him. He has too much pride."  
"If he has so much pride, why has he allowed you to come here?"  
"I did not ask him."  
"Do you think he does not know where you are at this moment? Even now he
  is imagining you beneath me. Wondering if you are not enjoying having a fresh
  cock plunging into you."  
"You are a sick man. I will tell him that I told you to go to hell! That
  I told you we would rather starve!"  
Edgar only smiled at her outburst and stood up. Slowly he made his way to
  the window and cracked the blinds. He motioned for Maria to join him at the
  window. Joining him she saw that outside, along the boulevard, the  passeggiata   had
  begun. The street was crowded with strollers.  
"If you leave now the gossip will start anyway. If you delay until the street
  is empty your proud husband will never believe that you spent three hours telling
  me to go to hell. For that matter, I don't doubt that some nosey biddy in a
  window across the way made note of you standing before my door for ten minutes.
  As someone recently observed to me &hellip;there are few secrets in this shitty
  little place."  
Maria sank to the floor at Edgar's feet, her shoulder's shaking with her
  sobs.  
"Please forgive us. I do not know what we have done to make you hate us so,
  but forgive me and help us. I beg it of you."  
Edgar pulled his foot from her clasp and sat in a nearby chair. Her tears
  moved him but not in the way she was hoping. Her weeping had given him a strong
  erection. Edgar finally ordered her to dry her eyes. At one time he had craved
  the public humiliation of Mario Zamut&hellip; but he saw now that keeping the
  matter private might prove even more satisfying. He told her that as a favor
  to her he would save the pig she had married.  
"Soon, I will summon your husband here by phone. He will escort you home.
  That should silence any wagging tongues. I will move him and the boats to the
  other end of the island and he will run the business from there. You may say
  goodbye to all your friends and assure them that he and I have a wonderful
  partnership. After the move is complete his silly face will have been saved.
  It will be up to him to explain why his wife no longer receives visitors."  
At this last, Maria looked up at him questioningly.  
"I will come for you and bring you back here in the still of night. You will
  remain within these walls thereafter."  
His words had a tone of finality that left Maria numb. She was still on the
  floor before him, and now her head was bowed.  
"Maria&hellip;"  
She raised her eyes to find that he had extended his crippled leg and presented
  its foot to her. Taking in the lustrous, black leather, she realized what was
  desired of her. What choice did she have? Slowly she lowered her lips to the
  toe of his shoe and kissed it confirming her submission.  
"Stand and remove your clothing."  
As if in a trance, Maria removed her shoes and did as she was bid. Button
  by button, her blouse was undone and dropped. Her skirt and underwear followed
  and she stood nude before the man who had made himself her master.  
"On your knees." Edgar commanded quietly.  
As Maria sank to her knees she felt a strange emotion swallowing her. She
  knew she should feel nothing but hatred for the man in front of her. Against
  her will though, a subtle satisfaction was stealing over her. It was sending
  a tremor through her to know that this strong, devious man &hellip;this man
  that everyone had assumed was an impotent cripple&hellip;.desired her above
  all others.  
"Crawl over here between my thighs."  
Maria went forward on hands and knees until her face met Edgar's crotch.  
"Fish it out with your teeth and lips" he hissed.  
As Maria's mouth struggled with his fly buttons Edgar pulled his cell phone
  from a pocket and dialed. He was smiling as he watched Maria's tongue delve
  into his open trousers while he counted the rings. On the twelfth a hoarse
  voice answered.  
"Hello."  
"Is that you, Mario? You sound terrible, old boy."  
"Who is this?"  
At that moment Edgar felt the hot wetness of her mouth engulf his prick.  
"You don't recognize my voice. This is your friend&hellip; Edgar Baldachino.
  I have decided to improve upon my offer to you. Come over now. The door is
  unlocked. Your wife and I have something we want you to see."  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





