BDSM Library - Diana's Plan




Diana's Plan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tom and Diana both work out at local gym, but anger towards men fuels Diana's unbridled desire to control a man; Tom is the unfortunate innocent.Diana's Plan  
Tom was an engineer for a second-tier architectural firm. Mainly restricted
  to scoping out refurbishment for county or city bridges, a once promising career
  now was another 8 to 5 job. He now regretted never being married, there always
  seemed time enough for that. Now 42, he still enjoyed playing the field, but
  it was getting harder to find a field to play with. He was a handsome man,
  not overly good-looking, with a 6'1&quot; frame and a slim, athletic build
  thanks solely to genetics prior to four months ago. He now worked out at the
  gym, not to increase strength but to get in better condition. It was working,
  he now weighed in at 185 lbs but it was lean muscle, not just a skinny build.  
Diana also worked out at the gym. She was a 32 year old, powerfully built
  woman that used the weights at the gym to get stronger, not to tone her body.
  She was 5&quot;9, around 160 lbs but not fat; she was as solid as a fire hydrant.
  A plain looking woman, she had married her ex-husband when they were just out
  of high school. She worked to put him through school, as an assistant at the
  local veterinary clinic while he went to the local university and got his degree
  in geophysics. After a couple of years working for a major oil company, he
  decided to strike out on his own. He was very successful and sold enough drilling
  prospects to make them both rich. As is often the case, money caught the eye
  of a younger, more attractive woman and divorce was inevitable. But, the divorce
  left Diana with their huge house and more than half the estate. She had no
  money worries. But her anger towards men was not soothed by money.  
Tom had noticed many shapely women at the gym, and he had noticed Diana too.
  At one time he wondered whether Diana was actually a former man, for her breasts
  were small enough, considering her frame, to conceivably have been enhanced
  by hormone therapy. He quickly dismissed that thought as stupidly cruel, his
  male ego expecting every woman to have luscious curves and a nicely padded
  backside.  
Diana had noticed Tom as well, his slim body moving from machine to machine.
  She decided that he was to be her conquest, in one fashion or another. She
  began to discreetly follow him from station to station in the weight room,
  carefully noting his capabilities on each machine. She had no plan yet, but
  she knew she wanted to be stronger than Tom on each machine.  
Diana was a self-bondage practitioner, finding that she could satisfy herself
  to some degree, which up to now had been good enough. She had the usual assortment
  of leather straps, ballgags, harnesses, dildoes and ropes to play many games
  with herself. And she had the perfect basement to play in; her ex-husband had
  been in a band that played every once in a while, and the band needed a place
  to practice. So the basement was transformed into a sound-proof room for the
  band. It was now her personal dungeon, complete with a bondage horse and winches
  on timers. The washer and dryer were down here, but the twice-a-week maid paid
  no mind to the equipment, it wasn't really her business, she thought.  
Despite the fact she needed no extra money, Diana worked once a week at the
  vet clinic just to keep in touch with the people that worked there; she also
  had access to a few pharmaceuticals at lunch, when everyone else was out. She
  took advantage of this opportunity.  
A few weeks of working out the same nights led to idle chit-chat between
  them. After a few more sessions, Tom confided to Diana that he had put in his
  two week notice, but had no other job lined up. He wanted to take time off
  before embarking on a new career.  
Nearly two weeks of heavy lifting left Diana figuring she could overpower
  Tom with sheer strength, so she decided to act. Tom was lifting nonchalantly
  as usual. Diana offered to &quot;freshen up&quot; his water bottle. She took
  his bottle to the water cooler and introduced a mild sedative into the cool
  water. Tom gratefully drank the water when he completed each weight station.
  After a few minutes Tom felt a little tired and told Diana that he thought
  he'd shower in the changing rooms and call it a night. After he left the room
  to go to the shower area, Diana quickly packed up and went to her SUV, and
  waited.  
A few minutes later Tom came out and sleepily made his way to his car. She
  followed behind him at a distance that in his sedated state he would not notice.  
He pulled his car into his driveway and parked in his garage. She waited
  until he was in the house and lights were on upstairs before she turned out
  her lights and backed her SUV into his driveway, stopping next to the path
  leading to the front door. She climbed into the back seat of the SUV and changed
  into a fully black lyrca outfit. While the outfit hugged her every nook and
  cranny, it was still not a sexy look for Diana. Black leather gloves completed
  the ensemble. She grabbed her &quot;workout&quot; bag and started up the path
  to the front door.  
As she got to the door, she extracted a handheld stun device, holding it
  in her left hand and slightly behind her leg. As the lights began to go off
  downstairs, she waited until he was starting upstairs before ringing the doorbell.
  As she expected, in his mildly sedated state Tom opened the door without flicking
  the porch light on. Once the door was wide she pushed him backwards from the
  door into the entry. She then pulled out the stun device and shocked Tom and
  he fell to the ground. She then pulled a syringe from her bag, filled with
  a higher dose of the sedative, and injected Tom while he lay stunned. She closed
  the door, locked it and went to work.  
She dragged him into the TV lounge at the back of his house. He was now out
  like a light. She turned on a small reading lamp in the lounge and then ran
  upstairs to turn on a light next to his bed, to give the neighbors the impression
  he was home. Well, he was, for the moment. She came back downstairs and began
  to strip him. In her excited state Diana was even stronger than she was aware,
  and lifting him to remove his clothes was easy. She took his clothes and put
  them in the &quot;to-be-washed&quot; basket in his laundry room. Finally, her
  attention turned to Tom.  
Diana opened her bag and it was teeming with rope and duct tape, as she was
  unsure exactly restraint would be the best under the circumstances. But this
  had gone like clockwork, so she felt she could take her time and tie him up
  tightly and properly. Diana rolled Tom over on his back and began to loop a
  20ft length of cotton clothesline around his ankles. She then cinched the rope
  tightly and tied it off in a double knot, the knot placed so that it was in
  the forward position, very difficult to reach. She then looped a length above,
  and another below, his knees and cinched the ropes again as tightly as she
  could, which given her strength was considerably tight. She then wrapped a
  rope around his waist, several times and pulled it through his crotch twice,
  once on either side of his balls, into a tight crotch rope.  
It was then she stopped and noticed his cock. It was really not the point
  of this exercise, to have a dick at her beck and call, but it was an added
  bonus. She thought she might sit on it occasionally, once the capture was complete
  and he was safely stowed away in the basement. But he was going to be on the
  receiving end of most of the fucking that she had in mind.  
She easily flipped him over onto his stomach and noted with pride just how
  immobile his legs were, they moved as one when Diana turned him over. She roughly
  crossed his wrists and wrapped another length of rope tightly, cinching the
  tie several times before tying off in the now familiar double knot. She then
  looped a length above his elbows and pulled as hard as she could to get Tom's
  arms unusable. Diana then wrapped the rest of the rope across the loops until
  the cinch was as taut as a guitar string. She tied the wrists firmly to the
  crotch rope to further immobilize her captive. She then pulled from her bag
  a leather blindfold that was buckled into place. The final piece of her kidnapping
  puzzle was her favorite - a 2&quot; ballgag harness that she had tried out
  many times on herself. She was amazed how even though it seemed the ball was
  too big, eventually the ball could be wedged into place. She took her time
  working th ball back and forth until a &quot;pop&quot; was heard in Tom's mouth
  - the ball was firmly in place and no measurable sound would issue forth. Diana
  then greedily buckled her pride and joy into place, perhaps tightening a bit
  too hard for the journey, but she figured Tom would be asleep for most of the
  trip, if not all of it, anyway.  
She grabbed a black ski mask out of the bag and slid it over her head. She
  then checked around to ensure no details were left to chance. Once she was
  satisfied nothing would point to her Diana zipped up the workout bag and took
  it to the front door. She then turned off the reading lamp and lifted her prisoner
  by the cinched elbows, standing him up. Again she was surprised just how strong
  she was as she easily hoisted Tom over her shoulder, his feet in front. She
  walked to the front door, casually picked up her bag, locked the front door
  and carried him to the SUV. She opend the backseat door and laid Tom across
  the back seat. She put he bag in the cargo area of the SUV and then fastened
  the seatbelts to her captive's bound body, ensuring no surprises on the trip
  back home.  
Diana's Plan Part Two  
Diana breathed out a sigh and quickly walked around her vehicle and got into
  the driver's seat. She had to admit, she really couldn't have picked a more
  ideal neighborhood for her victim to reside; no street lamps to speak of and
  a very quiet, dark street. Diana thought that before the trip home she had
  better double check the rigging on her captive; she took a pen flashlight out
  of her purse and carefully studied the bindings. It looked very taut, no slack
  visible. In fact, it was perhaps a bit too tight, as Tom's hands and feet were
  beginning to redden. She had tied herself up before, but as an adult she had
  never tied up another person, especially given her new strength. But her captive
  would just have to deal with it, being free and comfortable was no longer an
  option he had. Putting the light back into her purse she looked up and down
  the street for traffic. With the road completely empty she started the SUV
  and slowly pulled onto the pavement. She flicked her headlamps on and began
  to drive home.  
She suddenly realized she still had her gloves and mask on, so she carefully
  removed them before getting to an intersection. As she left Tom's neighborhood
  she smiled. This really had gone by the book, if there was such a thing. She
  looked in the rear view mirror at her accomplishment. She had rendered a man
  larger than herself helpless, had bound and gagged him thoroughly, had hauled
  and carried him over her shoulder (easily, she chuckled) and had strapped him
  in for the ride back to her 'playpen'. Diana thought to herself that as easy
  as it went she now wished she had tested her strength against his in the abduction.
  She felt sure that she would have been able to subdue him without the sedative
  but that since this time was her first, she needed an edge. She caught herself &ndash; 'This
  time? Could I do this again?' Her smile stretched to toothy grin for a moment
  and a delicious wave of anticipation surged in her sex. Concentrate, damn it,
  Diana urged herself. Patience. She regained her composure and turned down the
  parkway.  
Although she did feel a growing damp spot between her legs, the trip home
  promised to be quiet and uneventful. The darkly tinted windows on the SUV would
  conceal this evening's activity and the strictly tied male couldn't move an
  inch, much less scream over the large red ball jammed in his mouth. Diana had
  a couple of thrilling moments during the ride back: at a stop light she pulled
  up next to a car with a couple of teenage girls that giggled and pointed at
  Diana in her black lycra top, smirking that the girls would steer clear if
  they only knew; and at her local gas station as she filled her tank she again
  drew a bit of attention from her outfit, but because she was a gym rat most
  people didn't pay her too much heed. Diana climbed back into the SUV and started
  the last leg home.  
Tom began to groggily awake from his drug-induced slumber, his head feeling
  like he wore a thirty pound woolen cap. The blindfold introduced a perplexing
  and unfamiliar element to his situation &ndash; Tom blinked and shook his head
  but his vision did not return. After a moment of confusion he immediately noticed
  his jaws were fused open with a large object stretching his mouth to an extremely
  uncomfortable position, and he was drooling profusely. Next he felt his hands,
  arms, legs and feet were all experiencing varying degrees of numbness. He tried
  to twist his body to an upright position and found that any movement was met
  with total resistance. He literally couldn't move an inch. His frustration
  boiled over to a loud scream of anger and panic, but the ballgag in place stifled
  the noise to a gurgle of spittle from the corners of his mouth.  
Diana was just pulling the SUV into her neighborhood when the captive awoke.
  It startled her, she thought Tom would be out until a bit later. No matter,
  she thought, perhaps it was good to illustrate her utter dominance over him
  in a show of her Amazonian strength. She finally made her way up her drive
  and into her garage. As the garage door motor hummed while the overhead door
  closed, Diana went to the back door of her house and entered the code to disable
  the house alarm. She turned lights on in the back of the house and then opened
  the door to her basement and flicked the light on there. She went down the
  steps humming a strange little tune and began to arrange hand and leg cuffs
  on a bench, opened the door to a large dog cage and stuffed a new dog bed into
  the cage.  
Meanwhile, Tom was becoming more aware of his predicament. He remembered
  the doorbell ringing and the assault of the stun gun. But nothing else made
  any sense &ndash; who would do this to him and why? He thought perhaps this
  was a case of mistaken identity and was thinking about that until he felt a
  draft brush across his body &ndash; he was completely bound and gagged &ndash; and
  naked!  
As Tom continued to try to understand the situation, he felt straps that
  held him fast to the seat being removed and he again struggled to scream, only
  to pool more saliva along his face on the vinyl bench seat where he lay. He
  then felt strong hands grab his legs and slide him along the seat until his
  useless feet touched concrete, while his upper body lay flat on the vinyl.
  He was bent in a very unflattering and vulnerable position, and he knew that
  his captor, whoever it was, was enjoying the helplessness he was enduring.
  He was suddenly jerked upright by the rope securing his upper arms and spun
  around. That motion forced a new sensation of restriction, as he noticed for
  the first time a series of very tight ropes digging into his crotch and up
  his ass crack. But almost as quickly as he felt the chafing of those ropes
  he was lifted over his captor's shoulder and helplessly carried away.  
Tom felt like he was a duffle bag full of clothes, a little heavy but completely
  immobile. He was at his captor's mercy with no say in how he was handled or
  carried. Although he had now way of knowing who had kidnapped him, he couldn't
  help but feel the strong arms encircling his thighs as his upper body draped
  over the back of his abductor, his tightly bound face sometimes striking the
  buttocks of the carrier. Unfortunately his cock was repeatedly rubbing against
  his captor's shoulder &ndash; this had an undesirable effect as far as Tom
  was concerned.  
As Diana carried her acquisition into his new home, she noted a growing presence
  next to her face as his crotch bounced along with every step. He was in some
  way excited by this, she thought. Subduing him would be easier that way but
  in no way would his enjoyment have a factor in her own pleasure. Nonetheless,
  the white sticky string emanating from his now engorged purple dickhead was
  amusing, but punishment for jizzing her lycra top would be forthcoming.  
Diana, however, was rather wet from her abduction fantasy turned real, and
  she thought perhaps she would release a bit of her pent-up frustrations on
  Tom to introduce him to his new life. Instead of hauling him down into the
  basement she chose to detour their path to her bedroom. Flicking on the light
  she casually flipped him down onto the king-sized bed, with enough force that
  he bounced twice and then almost twisted off the bed. She thought that was
  hilarious but suppressed her giggles. Instead she wanted to do that again,
  sort of like the pro wrestlers that she had seen on TV when her ex-husband
  watched that crap. So she lifted her helpless victim up by the elbow ropes
  and lifted him over her head in a smooth motion, then crashed him back down
  on the bed, bouncing him a another few feet. She did small variations of this
  move several times, sometimes hard enough to bounce him completely off the
  bed (for which he would crash onto the carpet with a thud and a gurgle of spittle)
  and sometimes she was so into the strength demonstration she threw him onto
  the bed and he would bounce up almost vertically and hit the wall at the head
  of her bed before flipping back onto the bed.  
Totally defenseless, Tom was getting the crap beat out of him. Already weakened
  by constricted blood flow from the too tight bondage, he now felt the bed repeatedly
  banging against his body and sometimes he could tell when he was going to fall
  to the floor &ndash; the sensation that the bed would stop his fall was late,
  that meant no bed to hit. He learned that after two crashes into the floor.
  This body slam episode was really taking its toll, he did not understand what
  was happening but he was certain this was the precursor to something much more
  difficult to endure. The hands that kept him captive were strong and he had
  no doubt that escape would have to be a long term goal, that he couldn't hope
  to overpower whoever this guy was.  
Since we was in no position to combat his captor anyway, he devoted some
  thought to who this might be holding him as he flew through the air and crashed
  onto the bed (or carpet). But he soon realized that it really didn't matter,
  more likely his next concern would be what next after this beating was done.
  He felt sure that the guy that grabbed him would butt fuck him - why else would
  he be tied up naked and gagged so securely? The thought of being another man's
  'bitch' didn't appeal at all to Tom, but he had to admit that his captor was
  the only choice maker here.  
Diana was enjoying the last bits of her adrenalin rush, slamming her toy
  against the bed was great fun but she wanted better and more satisfying relief.
  Diana pulled her body suit off and stood in her room naked, with a male captive
  that she had personally bound, gagged and seized. She stacked two pillows and
  then jumped up on the bed. She lifted the bound male onto the pillows with
  his groin planted on top of the pillows, arching his ass into the air and exposing
  his anus. She pushed his head down into the sheets so that his head was not
  facing to either side. She noticed even though she had done all the heavy lifting
  he was breathing very fast, panicking wildly. She really thrilled at that sight,
  knowing now that this abduction was worth it. She leaned over to the bedside
  table, grabbed the K-Y jelly and began to lubricate his asshole &ndash; he
  jumped and shuddered. Again, this was more than she could have dreamed &ndash; he
  was completely resigned to the fate she determined and all he could do was
  wait for it.  
Tom's worst fear was now happening and he could do nothing. He tried once
  last burst of strength to pull the ropes loose but his captor had tied him
  up so expertly that he couldn't move an inch even after all the body slamming.
  He muffled a scream and awaited his destiny.  
Diana had many dildoes and toys, one toy was a double-ended dildo that was
  built such that the 'top' lesbian would slide it up into her cunt and the 'bottom'
  lesbian could be fucked in the same way as if the top were male. This was Diana's
  weapon of choice &ndash; she didn't bother lubing up her end of the toy (she
  didn't need help there, she cooed) and she slid the tool in slowly, deliciously.
  But the other end, she determined, would be rammed in quickly and forcefully.
  Her captive jumped like an electric prod had been placed on his backside as
  she spread his ass cheeks. She pulled aside the two ropes riding into his crotch,
  pulling even harder and cutting even more (she hoped). The top end of her tool
  touched his anus and she pressed it home.  
Diana had come very close to having the loudest orgasm of her life. She was
  more than satisfied, she was fully released. As she lay on top of him, slightly
  to the side, with her crotch buried against his ass and with him still fully
  impaled, she enjoyed the moment knowing that this can happen whenever she wanted
  and there was no sexual negotiation or 'quid pro quo' needed. She smiled and
  thought of the just-ended multiple orgasms and of her captive's groans. In
  the final moments she was able to reach into her night stand, grab a small
  ballgag and jam it into her own mouth milliseconds before she screamed. In
  a way, the orgasm concerned Diana, as she had obviously lost control for a
  moment &ndash; she had no intention of giving her captive any idea who had
  him prisoner by hearing her voice &ndash; at least not yet. In fact, other
  than assuring that she would have a naked male tightly tied and gagged in her
  basement, she really had no long term plan for what to do with her conquest.
  But she figured she would repeat this scenario again before too long.  
Tom would have been speechless if he had been allowed to speak. The pain
  and utter humiliation, of having his wrists crossed and tightly tied and then
  attached to crotch ropes that seemed to be cutting his groin in half, his arms
  pulled together and bound, his knees bound so strictly that they were in a
  permanently bent position, his ankles hopelessly fused and then to top it off
  he was blindfolded and gagged with a ball so big that he had forgotten what
  two jaws clacking together sounded like, was devastating enough. But after
  being placed in a totally compromised position, ass up and face down and lubed
  up, he was ass fucked but instead of getting the real thing he got the business
  end of a large stiff dildo. Two thoughts immediately raced to the front of
  his mind &ndash; either this freak had a small pecker and didn't want to use
  it yet, or he hadn't heard the freak's wife come in and she was as big a freak
  as the guy and they would have a fuck after seeing their captive take it hard.
  Problem was, throughout the entire butt fucking episode he felt his cock thicken
  to full mast. He knew he wasn't gay at all, had no inclination in that direction
  whatsoever, and even though this was a very dangerous situation he found at
  least some part of him excited by his kidnapping.  
It was getting late so Diana thought it might be best to put away her live
  toy and call it a night &ndash; she could further think her plan through in
  the morning. She put her lycra outfit on again (it was already dirty anyway,
  she reasoned) and then went to the bathroom to grab a quick drink of water.  
Tom heard the footfall away from the bed and figured he had a chance to escape
  back the way he came in, thinking he had mapped in his mind the trail necessary.
  So he made a mighty leg kick and rolled himself upright on the bed, with his
  legs off to one side of the bed. He stood up, turned left, took a deep breath
  and hopped three big jumps before crashing headfirst into the doorway, a foot
  or so from the actual door opening. He was stunned and sagged to the floor
  in a heap.  
Diana had heard him roll on the bed, so she stopped halfway into the bathroom
  and came out quietly to watch the scene unfold. As he crashed into the wall
  she almost laughed but caught herself and went over to her pitiful captive.
  She saw he was out cold &ndash; at this point she did chuckle, got herself
  a drink of water, and then walked back to her prisoner. She rolled him over,
  lifted him up by the taut elbow tie and cradled him over her shoulder. She
  was now tired from all the lifting she had done but figured this last bit would
  be worth it. As she carried the tied man back through the house she stopped
  at a full length mirror in the hall. She always hated that mirror, her ex-husband
  was so vain, wanting this mirror to check himself before he went out to work
  or off to dinner. But now, she looked at herself and her bound captive. She
  decided to set him down. She wanted to have a look at her total dominance over
  the weak male she had conquered. She ripped off her lycra outfit and the two
  of them were now naked. She looked at herself in the mirror as she again lifted
  him to standing and then carry position. She admired how easy it was to carry
  him and how good she looked doing it. She posed and turned into the mirror
  to have a look at herself and her prisoner together. He is really bound up
  tight &ndash; unable to do a damn thing, she grinned. She turned to face the
  mirror and admired how his asshole was still visible, she had really reamed
  him and wanted very much to do that again soon &ndash; show him that the female
  was the boss and the male was the bitch. She then went on down the hall to
  the top of the basement stairs and slowly descended.  
At the base of the stairs Diana put the captive on the floor next to the
  dog cage. She took the leather cuffs she had put out previously and began to
  fasten them above his elbows. Once those were locked into place she then untied
  the ropes pinning his arms; she next placed cuffs on this wrists, locked them,
  then untied his wrists. She then placed the ankles cuffs on her victim and
  locked them into place. As she untied his ankles and them the knees, the captive
  began to come around from his self-induced knockout.  
Tom awoke and noticed his arms and wrists felt much better, in fact he could
  actually feel them now. Once he felt his legs were freer, he foolishly began
  to thrash around, thinking he night be able to get up. A huge punch to his
  gut soon stopped that thought.  
Diana saw him try to climb to his feet again, so she reached back and punched
  him with most of her might to his mid-section. She was relieved and content
  that her punch knocked him down. But the move of insurrection caused her to
  lose her temper a bit, and instead of removing the gag she left it in. She
  still had the crotch rope in place, noting the chafing marks that were starting
  to get quite red. Well, she thought, a full night with that on might teach
  him a lesson. So she uncuffed his wrists briefly, wrapped the link between
  the crotch rope to essentially fix his wrists against his body again, and re-locked
  the cuffs. Now, for the final bits of her lesson, she pulled the dog bed out
  of the cage and rolled him inside. It was a bit of a struggle but she overpowered
  him in the end. To teach him that resistance really was futile, she grabbed
  a medium sized butt plug, put a little lubricant on, peeled apart the two ropes
  across his already sore asshole, and screwed the plug into place.  
Tom tried to howl at the pain and humiliation of the new insertion, but only
  a resigned sob was able to leave his bound mouth.  
Diana locked the cage, walked up the stairs, turned the lights off in the
  basement, and took a shower before going to bed.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  whisky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





