BDSM Library - Snuff Bunny




Snuff Bunny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl has her dream come true, and it lasts only one wonderful, intense, and final night.  This is my first attempt at a Dolcett style story, and my first ever involving snuff.Snuff Bunny   
By  
Robin Lane   
   
Good News   
"Trish, will you come down here?"  
The pretty blonde high school girl looked up from her history textbook as
  she heard her mother's voice call from downstairs. "Coming!" she shouted back
  through the open door as she closed the book, turned off the radio, and stood
  up from her desk. She adjusted the yellow halter she wore and smoothed her
  white short shorts over her curvy hips, then slipped her dainty bare feet into
  a pair of white canvas shoes and darted out her bedroom door with a teenager's
  energy and quickness.  
As she descended the stairs of the suburban middle class home, she saw her
  mother siting on the couch. In the overstuffed chair opposite her sat another
  figure, and Trish's heart almost stopped when she saw the man. It was indeed
  a man... a real male MAN... here, in her mother's house. She smiled happily,
  knowing how rare men were these days, and feeling rather lucky to be able to
  see such a dark, handsome face close up. He wasn't naked, though, as she would
  have liked. As she stepped off the stairs and turned toward them, the man and
  her mother stood up, smiling. Apparently the man wasn't here for anything intimate,
  because he wore a plain gray business suit and held a small brown document
  case in his hands. Trish still felt excited to see him and her mother together,
  and her pleasure showed in the way she bounded merrily up to the waiting couple,
  her big, soft teen titties bouncing visibly, hardly constrained at all by the
  loose halter top.  
"Hi, Mom," she said as walked up to the, "What's up?"  
Trish's mother beamed a happy smile. "Trish, honey," she said, "This is Mr.
  Wilson from WPI, and I think he has some good news for you."  
'WPI?" asked Trish, flashing the man an excited smile, "You mean, there's
  some news on my application?"  
The man laughed, and looked at Trish's mother. "Shall I get right down to
  business," he asked.  
"Go ahead!" said the older, red haired woman.  
Trish gazed wide-eyed and smiling at the man, her excitement evident in the
  way her smooth, soft young body trembled with anticipation. Her breath came
  in short pants as she listened, feeling it was the news she had been hoping
  for the last two years.  
The man turned his attention to Trish. "Well, Miss Kendal," he said, "Eight
  months ago you submitted your application for our Intimate Entertainment program
  to WPI, and have since then completed all the tests. Our specialists have examined
  your results and have found your competencies to be well above average, you're
  physical attributes to be of the best quality, and your tolerances to be among
  the highest we have ever encountered. Last week, one of our client's took a
  look at your portfolio, and chose yours out of over ten thousand applicants
  for a Grade One entertainment contract."  
Trish gasped at the words. Grade One! The best that a teenage girl could
  achieve at WPI! "You mean... I... its going... I mean... is it true?" she stammered,
  emotions quickly overcoming her as she covered her mouth with her trembling
  hands, feeling her dream bearing down on her.  
"Miss Kendal," continued the man, "the Women's Punishment Institute is very
  proud, and give me personally great pleasure, to inform you that you have been
  selected to be a Grade One subject for our client via our Intimate Entertainment
  program."  
"A snuff bunny?" cried Trish, tears of joy pouring down her face, while her
  entire body trembled uncontrollably, "Is it really true? Am I really going
  to be a snuff bunny?"  
The man's smile widened. "It's true," he said, "Congratulations! I'm very
  happy for you."  
Trish reached for her mother and fell against her, wrapping her arms around
  her mother's neck. The two held each other, sobbing in unashamed joy and pleasure
  at the wonderful news. Trish could already feel her pussy getting warm and
  her asshole throbbing. Her dream was coming true. "Oh, Mom," she cried, nearly
  jumping up and down while the two held each other, "A snuff bunny! There's
  going to make me snuff bunny!"  
The older woman held still, but hugged beautiful young blonde daughter tight.
  She sobbed as well, and with no less joy than Trish did. "I know, sweetheart," she
  said, "Oh, Trish, I'm so proud... so very proud of you!"  
They held each other for some time, sharing the joy of the moment with each
  other. The Trish heard the man give a deliberate cough to interrupt them. "I
  hate to break this up," he said politely, "but there is a pressing issue we
  must discuss quickly."  
Trish forced herself to calm down, and mother and daughter loosened their
  embrace. They turned to the man, and listened, still sniffling and crying with
  joy, smiles beaming from their lovely female faces.  
"Normally," continued the man, "subjects in the I.E. program are given two
  to four weeks to prepare for their assignments. However, our client has requested
  immediate service. Her event is this evening, beginning at four o'clock, and
  Trish's competencies show that she doesn't require further training."  
Trish's mother gasped at hearing the time. "Four o'clock?" she queried, "Why,
  it's almost noon now. Can that be done?"  
"Yeah," said Trish, a little surprised herself, "That does sound very quick."  
"Well, it is Saturday," said the man, "but the client had no qualms about
  paying for speedy service, and in addition to the one hundred thousand dollar
  standard fee to your mother, the client has agreed to pay an additional eighty
  thousand for urgent service. And it CAN be done, if we leave in the next few
  minutes. As soon as your mother signs the contract, I will call our prep team
  and they will bring in a few extra hands to help you prepare for the event.  
"The client must be rich," said Mom to the guest, "and I know you can't reveal
  who they are, but it sounds like they have a good time planned. But, it's up
  to my daughter." She turned to the young, blonde teen girl. "What do you think,
  Trish?"  
"Well, gee, Mom," she said, "I really would like to go, and I know you can
  use the extra money from the quick service fee. But I won't have time to call
  my friends or make arrangements with school."  
"I can do that for you, sweetheart. Don't worry about school," said Mom, "but
  I know how much you would like to tell your girlfriend's yourself." She smiled
  wickedly. "They are all going to be SOOOOOOOO jealous!" They laughed together,
  and Trish knew it was true. She would be the envy of every girl at her high
  school. "Still," continued Mom, "it's up to you. But you have to say yes or
  no right now."  
"She's right, young lady," said the man, "We haven't got a lot of time. As
  it is we just barely will have enough time to get you to the Institute's local
  annex, get you prepped, and deliver you to the client by four o'clock to fulfill
  the contract."  
"Well..." said Trish, looking back and forth from her mother to the man and
  back again, a little unsure. But, then she remembered all the classes and training
  she took, how hard she worked, dreaming of this moment. She jumped up and down
  excitedly, causing her large firm young boobs to bounce and quiver obscenely
  under the fabric of her yellow top. "Yes! Yes!" she cried, "Of course it's
  yes! Take me and make me a snuff bunny tonight! I can't wait!"  
Mom and the man laughed, then he opened the pouch and reached inside. "Alright," he
  said as he handed the older woman the three-page contract, "Here you go, Ms.
  Kendal. Read it all and make sure you understand. Oh, and pay close attention
  to the second article. That's your guarantee that you will get the standard
  fee and the quick service fee.  
Trish watched excitedly as her mother took the contract and the man handed
  her a pen. Sitting down on the couch again, Mom read each page slowly and carefully.
  To Trish, it seemed forever until the older woman looked back up. "It's all
  good," she said, then glanced at her daughter, "Okay, Trish. This is it!" The
  young girl felt her nipples harden and her clit tingle as she watched her mother
  put her signature on the each page. At last, the woman rose, and handed the
  man the papers. He took them, then handed the third copy back to the woman. "That's
  your copy," he said, then he turned to Trish, "We should leave right away...
  little snuff bunny," he said as kind of a serious jest, "so you should say
  goodbye to your mother now while you still have the chance."  
Smiling widely, joy and pride beaming from tear-stained face, the girl embraced
  her mother once more. "Oh, Mom," she said, "Thank you. I am so happy! My dream
  is finally coming true!"  
"I know, baby," said Mom, kissing her daughter on the cheek and patting her
  back comfortingly, "I'll miss you, but I know how hard you've worked for this." She
  pulled back, and the two looked at each other. "Oh, Trish. Remember that I
  love you, and I am so very proud of you. You've always been a blessing to me,
  and now you will be a blessing for WPI's client as well."  
"I love you too, Mom," said Trish, "I wish I could share this with you."  
"Well, the contract says I will get a report on your performance," said Mom, "So
  you just do a good job for these people, and make that report glow. That will
  be sharing enough for me."  
"I will, Mom," said Trish, "I promise! I'll be the best snuff bunny ever!"  
The two hugged once more, said their final tearful good-byes, and reluctantly
  parted. As Trish followed the man out to the long Cadillac limousine parked
  out front, she wondered if she should ask if she should bring anything with
  her. But then she thought it would be irrelevant, since she would need so much
  as a change of clothes. The man opened the passenger door for her, and as she
  got in, Trish turned her head and waved once last time to her mother. The she
  got inside the luxurious limousine, and the man followed her in.  
The man signaled the driver and a moment later the car pulled away from the
  curb, headed down the street. The man made a short phone call, apparently to
  tell the prep team they were on their way, and then opened the limousine's
  bar cabinet, took out a champagne glass and a bottle of bubbly. He handed the
  smiling, excited girl the glass, and quickly popped the cork on the bottle.
  She held out the glass, and he poured it full of the sparkling pink beverage. "You
  must be very excited," he said as he put the cork back in the bottle, "and
  probably a little horny, if that wet spot in the crotch of your shorts is any
  indication."  
Trish just laughed, and sipped the sparkling liquid, relishing the taste.
  She knew the wet spot was there, and knew she couldn't hide it. After all,
  there was no need for modesty any more. "Yes, I am feeling a bit turned on," she
  said, and sipped from her glass again. She looked up at the man. He was still
  enjoying the sight of the wet spot between her sleek, meaty long legs. "Say,
  I've never had a real man before. Do you thing you could..."  
The man held up his hand, stopping her. "No, I can't," he said, "Not that
  I don't want to, but regulations forbid it, and WPI's commercial division is
  very strict about quality. I'm afraid if you want release, at least immediately,
  you will have to take care of it yourself."  
"Myself?" said Trish, and she emptied her glass.  
"Yes, of course," said the man, and he opened the bottle again, and refilled
  her glass, "Go ahead! I don't mind, and you deserve it."  
Trish smiled, drank deeply from the glass again as he replaced the cork,
  and she smiled. What the heck! It didn't matter. She slid her hips forward
  in the brown leather seat, unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts, then drank from
  the glass again as she slipped her free hand into her shorts, under the band
  of her sheer pink panties, and slid three fingers into her hot, wet teen cunt.
  The motion of the car made her big titties jiggle and wobble from side to side
  as she fingered herself vigorously. Every time she emptied her glass, the man
  filled it again for her. Soon she was feeling very high and tingly all over.
  She pinched her clit just as the car hit a slight bump, making her boobs bounce
  wildly. The combination of the alcohol, her rubbing, and the jostling of her
  body from the car's motion carried her over the edge, and she came hard, moaning
  and gasping, bucking her hips and soaking her shorts in girl juice.  
As the orgasm faded, she could hear the man laughing slightly, obviously
  enjoying the show. Let him look, she thought. She didn't care. She wasn't a
  girl any more. All that was behind her now, and the limousine carried her to
  her new, short but intense future as a snuff bunny.  
Preparing the Bunny   
After some time, the limousine pulled into a parking lot and up to a long
  low building with several doors. A number of other cars were also parked in
  the lot, and a white delivery van. Despite the stoned feeling in her head from
  the champagne, Trish could still read the logo on the side of the van. 'Intimate
  Entertainment, a Division of the Women's Punishment Institute.' The lovely
  blonde girl smiled as the man who rode with her took the glass from her hand
  and the limousine parked just behind the van. Immediately, one of the doors
  of the building opened, and several young women, looking not much older than
  Trish, appeared from inside wearing long white coats and rushing toward the
  car. Trish noticed one of them pushing a padded wheelchair. She looked at the
  man. "What's that?" she asked.  
"Oh, we don't let you walk now until you arrive at the client's event," he
  said, "We don't leave anything to chance, and we won't risk you getting hurt,
  not even a stubbed toe or scratched finger."  
Well, Trish though, that made sense. Besides, why shouldn't she enjoy letting
  some one else, in fact a lot of people, take care of her? After all... she
  was now a snuff bunny!  
The door opened, and the man climbed out, and Trish heard him speak. "Here
  she is, everyone," he announced as big-titted blonde girl emerged from the
  car, "Our new snuff bunny, Trish!" He presented the girl, and Trish smiled
  as the small crowd of young women cheered and applauded. Some of them jumped
  up and down excitedly.  
One of the girls, a slim brunette with smallish titties and long legs, who
  wore red pumps on her tiny feet, pushed the wheelchair up to Trish and invited
  her to sit. "Hi," she said, her voice happy and friendly, "I'm Amanda, the
  Subject Preparation Director at this annex for WPI." She put her hands on Trish's
  shoulders and held her steady as the girl lowered herself into the seat and
  lifted her feet into the stirrups. "These girls are your prep team. They will
  help you get ready for your assignment. We're all very please and happy to
  be a part of your snuff experience, and we want you to be as ready and beautiful
  as possible for it."  
"Thanks," said Trish, feeling very welcome and comfortable here, "I know
  I am going to have a great time. I hope I do a good job."  
"Time's wasting, girls," said Mr. Wilson, "We need to get her inside, get
  her registered, and then get her prepped as quick as we can so we can get her
  to the client on time."  
Amanda agreed, and Mr. Wilson led the way back through the door. Amanda pushed
  the wheelchair, carrying Trish closely behind. The other girls of the team
  followed, and Trish could hear them mumbling and giggling among themselves. "Gosh,
  she is so beautiful," said one of them, though Trish could not see. Then she
  heard other comments. "Oh, she is so lucky." "This is going to be fun." "I'm
  jealous of those big tits!" "Wow, look at them jiggle!" Trish smiled to herself,
  enjoying their admiration as they made their way down the hall toward the prep
  rooms.  
Presently, the hall opened up into what appeared to be a wide reception area,
  and Amanda pushed Trish up to the desk. There was no one there. Amanda sat
  in the chair behind the desk, and turned on the computer. Mr. Wilson came up
  to her, and handed her the document case. Then he turned to Trish, put his
  hand on her shoulder, and smiled. "Well, little snuff bunny," he said, "I will
  leave you in the capable hands of your prep team. On behalf of WPI, I want
  to extend my congratulations one last time, and say how grateful we are that
  you have chosen to participate in our program and be a snuff bunny for us."  
"Thank you, Sir," Trish said, "I promise I won't let you down."  
Mr. Wilson said goodbye to her, then took his leave of the team, and disappeared
  down the hallway. Trish then turned back to Amanda, and watched as the lovely
  slim woman typed a few lines into the computer, reading from the documents. "We're
  almost ready to get started, she said, "but first I have to make sure you understand
  your responsibilities to our client. Can you tell me what they are?"  
"Yes," said Trish, "I've studied it for a long time. As a snuff bunny, my
  job is to be as beautiful and cheerful as possible for the client. I must allow
  them to use and abuse and torture me in any way they wish, and not complain
  or resist, and to make a good show of my suffering for them to enjoy. If they
  tell me to do something, I must do it quickly, eagerly and enthusiastically
  regardless of the consequences to me. I must not ask for mercy, and I should,
  wherever appropriate, beg them as hard as I can to continue to inflict their
  most brutal attentions on my body."  
"That's excellent," said Amanda, typing some more lines in to the computer, "Do
  you know how you are expected to end your commitment?"  
"Yes. At the end of the evening, probably when they are tired of using my
  body..." That comment brought a few giggles from the girls of the prep team
  and a smile from Amanda. "... I am to allow them to butcher me alive in any
  way they wish. I must surrender myself to be butchered, cheerfully and eagerly
  of course, and continue to make a show of my suffering for them as much as
  I can right up to the point of my final expiration."  
"That's right," said Amanda, "and according to their contract, they must
  snuff you before midnight tonight, which means you must draw your final breath
  before the clock says twelve-o-one in the morning. They can do whatever they
  like with you within that stipulation, and you must make sure they enjoy and
  are entertained by every moment of your suffering for the entire evening. Do
  you understand all that?"  
"Yes, I do," said Trish, beaming a confident smile.  
"Great!" said Amanda, and she pressed a button on the keyboard. A small printer
  then slowly pushed out a sheet of paper. Amanda took it, lay it on the desk
  in front of Trish, and handed her a pen. "This is the final piece of paperwork," she
  said, "It just says that you know your responsibilities as a snuff bunny, and
  that you intend to fulfill them at the client's behest as per the contract."  
Trish took the pen, and looked at the page. Indeed, it said exactly that,
  and she did indeed understand what she had to do. With easy assurance, she
  signed the paper and gave it and the pen back to Amanda. "That's it," said
  the pretty brunette, "Let's get started! Take her back to the salon, girls,
  and get her stripped and ready for shaving. I'll be there in a few moments."  
A short cheer arose from the small crowd of girls behind Trish, then she
  felt someone grab the handles of the chair, turn it, and begin pushing it down
  a short hallway behind the desk. The other girls followed closely behind, still
  laughing and giggling and cooing and commenting on how beautiful and sexy Trish
  was. Amanda stayed behind to finish and secure the paperwork.  
They pushed their way through a pair of wide double doors, and entered what
  appeared to be a lavish beauty salon with a single chair in front of the business
  wall covered with mirrors. They pushed the wheelchair up to the counter next
  to the shop chair, and stopped. "Help me get her clothes off," said the girl
  who had pushed her, a tall redhead with long, curly hair and ample tits. She
  was joined immediately by a slightly plump blonde wearing glasses and sporting
  massive boobs that looked like they were straining the buttons on her long
  white service coat... which looked almost like a lab coat. She gently took
  Trish's hands and lifted them up, holding her arms above her head. The redhead
  then took the hem of the new snuff bunny's top and lifted it up past her head
  and over her arms. In a moment, Trish was free of the yellow halter, and her
  massive you teen titties, smooth and just slightly tanned hung free and exposed
  on her shapely chest, crowned by wide pinkish-brown aureoles with just slightly
  darker little nipple nubs. As soon as she was free of the halter, Trish could
  see the other girls quickly unbuttoning their coats and flinging them aside.
  They were all fairly pretty young girls; three blondes, another brunette, and
  a dark-haired Asian girl with fairly small titties. Not one had any hair between
  their legs, and Trish could see their glistening cunt lips easily in the bright
  light. Beside her, the girls who took off her top also were disrobing, and
  soon they were all naked, admiring Trish's sweet, flawless teen body and especially
  her big, jiggling titties. Trish smiled at them, pushing her chest out to display
  her tits proudly to them.  
The redhead, now naked with her own big, bouncy and slightly-freckled titties
  swinging loosely, put her hands under Trish's arms, and the second girl, also
  naked seized the waistband of the snuff bunny's white shorts. Trish felt herself
  raised slightly, and the plump girl quickly slid the shorts from Trish's hips,
  down her legs, and then off. She then did the same with Trish's tiny pink panties.
  As the redhead set Trish back into seat, one of the blondes and the Asian girl
  stepped up and gently lifted her feet. Smiling, they slipped off the girl's
  white canvas shoes. Trish smiled, knowing that she was now completely naked
  and exposed to their view. It excited her to be naked in front of so many strangers
  who oo'ed and aww'ed at her beauty.  
Trish felt her excitement building in her, and she wanted to finger herself
  again. But before she could, she felt hands slipping under her arms and legs.
  A moment later, she was gently and gracefully lifted, and the prep team girls
  carefully carried her to the beauty chair, and set her softly in the seat.
  One girl, the small-titted brunette, lifted her bare feet and placed them in
  the leg support footrests. Then, she reached between Trish's legs and pressed
  a lever. Trish felt the leg supports swing out and lock in place. Now she was
  sitting in the beauty chair, naked with her lovely long legs spread wide and
  her sweet cunt, lightly shrouded in thin wisps of pussy hair, exposed for everyone
  to see while girl juice leaked from between the narrow, smooth lips. She felt
  even more excited now, knowing that they were all looking at her pussy and
  her tits. A couple of them even licked their lips.  
"Okay girls," said a voice that Trish recognized as Amanda's, "Out of the
  way so I can get busy."  
The small crowd of lovely naked girls shuffled to the sides, and Trish watched
  the Preparation Director step forward. Amanda was naked now as well, her shining
  brown hair hanging down almost to the nipples of her smallish cone-shaped titties
  with dark brown nipples. She bore in her left hand a can of shaving gel and
  a straight razor. Her creamy skin had a light brown tone, and like the others,
  her pussy was completely hairless. Her dark pink lips protruded out obscenely
  while her large pink clit, adorned with a tiny gold ring pierced through the
  nub, vibrated visibly. The sight of the lovely brunette woman excited Trish
  even further, and she felt her juices leaking from her cunt and pooling around
  her ass cheeks in the seat as she spread her thighs a little further.  
Amanda stared wide-eyed at the golden-haired girl in the chair, and licked
  her lips. "Oh, wow," she said, her voice heavy and breathy, "now isn't that
  just a lovely sight?" Giggles emerged from a few of the other girls.  
Trish just smiled, and lifted her arms over her head as if idly stretching.
  The movement lifted her beautiful round boobs and pushed them forward. She
  squirmed slightly in the seat, teasing the woman and the rest of the team. "Mmmm." she
  moan, and then smiled, "Do you like what you see?"  
"Oh, yes," said Amanda, gracefully swaying her slender hips as she stepped
  slowly up between Trish's firm, sleek thighs, "yes I do... very much." Without
  being urged or invited, she leaned forward, supporting herself on the beauty
  chair's arms, and lowered her face to Trish's big, glowing boobs and gently
  took one of the girls tiny, rubbery nipples between her shining dark lips.
  Trish moaned with pleasure as she felt Amanda begin softly sucking, and soft
  sparks of pleasure darted from the nipple and traced tiny hot trails of delight
  throughout the young blonde snuff bunny's young body. Trish lowered her hands
  to the woman's head, and began gently petting her hair and stroking her face.
  She felt her hips begin slowly grinding on the chair beneath her, and she made
  no effort to control it. For long moments, she enjoyed the sweet sensation
  of the woman's quick talented tongue slithering over the nipple.  
Around them, Trish could hear coos and moans from the other team members
  as they watched. She opened her pleasure-filled eyes a little, and saw them
  all standing around, their mouth drooling and eyes wide as they gazed at Trish
  enjoying Amanda's attentions. Most had one hand thrust between their legs,
  fingering their clits while the other squeezed and pulled at their soft mounds
  of titflesh. One of the blondes stood with the Asian girl, and the two were
  petting each other, squeezing each other's boobs and stroking their tummies,
  right down to their plainly dripping cunts.  
The orgy did not last long. After a few seconds, Amanda stood up straight.
  Trish moaned and pouted, sorry to see the moment end. Amanda looked at her,
  sill smiling. "Enough," she said, somewhat forcefully, "we've got to get you
  ready in a hurry. But we can still pleasure you while we do that." She looked
  up. "Sandra, will you step up behind her and wrap your tits around her neck
  while I shave her. You can massage her tits if you like."  
A moment later, Trish felt the woman move up behind her, and stoop a little.
  Then she felt warmth and soft firmness as the woman lifted her boobs, set them
  on Trish's smooth white shoulders, and pressed them against her neck. The heat
  flowed easily from the massive titties into Trish's skin, deepening the girl's
  pleasure. "There you go, little snuff bunny," she said, her deep voice smooth
  and breathy, "You just relax and let us do all the work." Trish did just that,
  moaning again as rested her head against the redhead's chest. Sandra then slipped
  her hands around to the young girl's chest, cupped her soft titties and began
  gently kneading them. Trish looked around, and smiled happily as she noticed
  the other girls continuing to finger themselves vigorously.  
Amanda asked one of the girls, the blonde with an almost flat chest, to bring
  over a bowl of water. A moment later, she appeared with the bowl and handed
  it to Amanda, who stooped and set it down on the floor. Amanda then used her
  hand to scoop up some of the warm, clear water, and dribbled it onto Trish's
  exposed pussy, soaking the hair. The water ran down the crease between her
  vulva and each thigh, and some down her pussy, flowing between her sensitive
  pink lips. Amanda then used her hand, then gently but firmly rubbed the water
  all over the girl's pubic mound, making sure every tiny golden hair was wet.  
Then Amanda took brought up the can of shaving gel, and squirted some of
  the sweet smelling pink gel onto her fingers. She began spreading the cool
  gel all over Trish's pussy mound, rubbing it into the soft thin layer of delicate
  fur. The pink foam began to turn white and foamy, and within a few seconds
  Trish's entire cunt was layered in a thick blanket of white, soapy foam.  
Amanda then reached into the bowl, and washed the foam from her hands. Then
  she smiled up at Trish, and brought up the long straight razor, it's sharp
  edge gleaming in the light. "Here it come," she said to the sitting girl, "Try
  not to move. I don't want to nick your nooky."  
Trish nodded, and steadied herself, though Sandra's attentions to her soft,
  sensitive tits made that very difficult. She watched, fascinated, as Amanda
  lowered the razor to her warm, soapy cunt. Amanda was apparently very experienced,
  and Trish imagined that this woman's skill with the razor was probably one
  reason she was the Preparation Director. Amanda moved her steady hand slowly
  and carefully, sliding the gleaming edge over the blonde girl's cunt, lifting
  away the soap with each slow swipe, taking away the soft cunt hair with it.
  Trish could hardly feel the edge cut anything at all. But every time the blade
  lifted and was cleaned in the water below, Trish could see the bare skin of
  her cunt, completely unadorned by even the slightest hint of pussy fur.  
Amanda worked quickly and with great care. The shaving did not take long,
  and Trish was rather disappointed when the brunette woman with the razor brought
  up a wet wash cloth and cleaned away the few streaks of soap that still showed
  on Trish's pussy. Then she asked Lin, the Asian girl, to bring her a towel
  and a mirror. Amanda dried the young snuff bunny's cunt with the towel, and
  then lifted up the mirror so that Trish could see her newly shaved cunt clearly. "What
  do you think?" she asked.  
Trish smiled wide-eyed at the sight in the mirror. Her cunt was now cleanly
  and expertly shaved. Not even a dark follicle root could be seen. However,
  with the hair gone, she could see her narrow pink cunt lips clearly. They glistened
  and swelled and pulsed in the light. Spread as she was, the lips gaped slightly,
  allowing Trish a rare glimpse of the bright, wet folds of pink girl meat inside
  her hot, throbbing fuckhole. She licked her lips, and smiled at Amanda as Sandra
  continued to squeeze and gently twist her soft, massive tits. "Oh, that is
  sweet," she exclaimed, noticing a thin trail of girl-cum form inside her gaping
  cunt and leak out, slowly running down toward her asshole, "I never shaved
  myself before, and now I wish I had. I don't think my pussy has ever been more
  beautiful or fuckable. I love it!"  
Giggles and snickers came from the other girls, and even Amanda laughed a
  little. Then she stood up, wiping the remaining soap off of the razor and her
  own hands. "Alright," she said, getting the other girls' attention, and Sandra
  stood up, lifting her hands away from Trish's soft, warm boobs, "Lets get her
  into the shower and get her cleaned up."  
The women all gathered around Trish as Amanda took away razor, towel, and
  water bowl. Gently, the slipped their hands under Trish and lifted her out
  of the chair. They carefully carried her through a wide door, and Trish could
  tell from the tiled walls that this was an open shower. She expected them to
  let her down and let her stand to bathe herself, but they still held her as
  they stood under a star-shaped arrangement of shower heads on chrome pipes
  that came down from the white tiled ceiling.  
A moment later, Lin appeared with a bottle of soft soap and a number of white
  wash clothes. As the warm water began spraying down from the shower heads,
  somewhat surprising Trish though she quickly regained her composure, Lin handed
  each of the woman one of the clothes while the still bore Trish with one hand.
  There were so many, and Trish felt them holding her so securely, that, although
  she was wet, she felt rather safe and knew they would not drop her.  
Once everyone was soaked and dripping, Lin stood forward, opened the bottle,
  and held it over Trish's naked body. She smiled as she squeezed the bottle.
  A thick white stream of liquid soap, looking rather like cum, Trish thought,
  squirted out of the bottle with a 'squish' sound. It splattered in slippery
  globs all over her tummy and tits. Lin squeezed harder, covering the young
  snuff bunny's tits with the soap. She even laughed as she squirted a blob onto
  Trish's freshly shaved twat.  
The water flow increased, and Trish grinned with pleasure as the women held
  her securely aloft with one hand, and began swabbing the soap and water all
  over her body. Trish relaxed, enjoying the feeling of so many soft, gentle
  hands slithering all over her young flesh, slathering her tits in lather and
  dipping into the crevices where one body part met another. They washed her
  quickly and cleanly, even reaching under her to gently scrub her back, ass
  cheeks, and between the cheeks to make sure she was clean around her tight
  little asshole. Sandra, still near her head, squeezed out her cloth and gently
  washed Trish's pretty face, making sure every exposed bit of skin below her
  scalp line was cleaned several times. She even washed behind and around the
  young blonde's ears, then pressed her finger against the cloth and swabbed
  the curly folds of her ears, ending with a playful scrubbing of Trish's earlobes.  
It didn't take long before the bathe was over, though Trish felt like she
  had been washed many times in succession. Indeed, her body had never felt so
  clean. As they prep crew tossed aside their washcloths and held her up to rinse,
  Amanda appeared again holding three red rubber enema bags with long white tubes
  curled up and hanging on the side hooks. Trish could see the nozzles, and could
  see them glisten with the clear lube jelly that had been applied to them. The
  bags themselves bulged, indicating they were already prepared to be used.  
"We have to clean you out inside," said Amanda, "Are you ready?"  
Trish nodded, and with the women still holding her up and the shower still
  streaming, Amanda had Lin hold two of the full bags. Then she lifted the remaining
  bag, uncurled the flexible tube, and smiled as her team lifted Trish's legs
  high and wide. Then she leaned in closer, and aimed the tube at Trish's tight
  little asshole. The young blonde girl moaned as she felt the tip touch her
  sphincter, then push past it and slide easily into her ass. It felt cold and
  wet, but it did not stretch her at all.  
Amanda then held the bag high, and pulled the valve open. Immediately, Trish
  felt a rush of warm liquid streaming into her colon. It felt wonderful at the
  moment, but the bag looked rather full. She watched, wide-eyed, as the bag
  quickly deflated. The pressure in her tummy built, and she began to feel bloated
  and full. As steady as the team held her, she still felt the warm water churning
  and sloshing around inside her.  
Just as she thought the pressure was going to become painful, Trish could
  see that the bag was empty. The flow into her ass had stopped. "Okay," said
  Amanda, taking hold of the hose, "as soon as I pull out, go ahead and push.
  Don't worry about the mess. This is our job. We'll clean it up later."  
Trish nodded her agreement, and felt glad that the fill ended with it did.
  She was beginning to feel heavy and uncomfortable. Amanda quickly and smoothly
  pulled the nozzle from Trish's tight butt hole, and stepped back. Trish tightened
  her gut, and felt the water shoot from her asshole, relieving the pressure
  inside her. Around her the team watched the stream fly out of the snuff bunny's
  ass, and gasped lustfully as it shot several feet and splashed on the floor.
  The flow continued for several seconds as Trish pushed harder. She smiled brightly.
  She had had enema's before, but never like this and she certainly never associated
  it with erotic pleasure. Now, as her colon emptied, she could feel the vibrations
  of the water spewing out of her tingling pink, hairless cunt. Almost against
  her will, she felt herself explode with an intense orgasm. She groaned and
  grunted, arching her back and tightening her muscles with almost violent randomness
  as she came. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over her, then subsided as
  the flow from her ass slowed and finally became a slow trickle.  
Twice again, Amanda took a full enema bag from Lin, and filled Trish's guts
  with cleansing water, making sure all of her insides were clean. With each
  enema, Trish came hard and intensely, reveling in the sensation of being poured
  full of liquid that she then forced out in an obscenely erotic spew from her
  ass. When she felt her last orgasm fade, Amanda had the team hold her almost
  upside down to let the shower heads wash away the last traces of her ass filth
  that still clung to her.  
"You're still not finished getting cleaned out," said Amanda, "but we can
  take care of that in the salon." She then led the team, carrying the still
  orgasmic young blonde girl, out of the shower room. Lin appeared again bearing
  a stack of soft, fluffy towels. Each of the team members took one, and they
  gently patted Trish's body dry, making sure to get every inch of her skin.
  Then, feeling much fresher and cleaner, the set the towel-dried girl back in
  the chair.  
For the next two hours, Trish enjoyed pampering like she had never thought
  she would. Amanda expertly washed the young girl's golden blonde hair. Then
  she used a blow dryer set on low heat to carefully dry and style the main of
  bright yellow locks. While this was going on, Sandra and one of the blonde
  girls each manicured one of her hands. They worked quickly, but with sure gentleness,
  cleaning the long fingernails, filing and shaping them. Then they took some
  small bottles of lotion, and gently massaged some of it into her hands. Finally
  they applied several coats of shiny pink nail polish and drying them with small
  blow dryers designed for that purpose. Two of the other girls, the brunette
  and the other blonde, did a quick but expert pedicure to each of Trish's small,
  dainty feet.  
Eventually, Amanda finished with the young girl's hair, and stepped away.
  The other girls also got up and moved back. Then Amanda appeared again holding
  a small silvery bowl, a towel, and a translucent plastic bottle filled with
  a pinkish liquid. The bottle also had a curved nozzle extending from the end. "Now,
  I have to douche you," she said with a smile, "and you will be clean... clean...
  clean... inside and out."  
Trish giggled and relaxed as she watched the woman go to work. Amanda set
  held the bowl under Trish's throbbing hairless pussy, brought up the bottle
  and maneuvered the nozzle between the girl's sensitive cunt lips. Trish moaned
  with pleasure as she felt the plastic nozzle slide between the lips and up
  into her pussy. She smiled and moaned again as Amanda tipped the bottle up
  and squeezed, squirting the liquid deep into Trish's hot, needy cunt. Trish
  leaned her head back and breathed heavily, enjoying the sensation of the liquid
  pouring into her tight young fuckhole. A sweet, fruity aroma came to her, and
  she recognized it as strawberry. Amanda was cleaning out her pussy with a strawberry
  douche. The thought delighted her, and sent still more thrilling sparks of
  excitement cursing through her already exhilarated body and soul.  
It was over quickly though, and Amanda held the bowl under Trish's cunt as
  she directed her to push. The girl did so, and the pink liquid gushed out of
  her gaping twat, splashing into the bowl. When the flow stopped, Amanda took
  the bowl away and gently patted the clean-shaven pussy mound dry with the fresh
  towel.  
The final step in her preparation then began. Trish let them lift her out
  of the chair, then stood her up on a soft pad on the floor, and held her steady
  while the patted her body from head to toe with soft, sweetly scented powder.
  Then they continued to hold her securely while Amanda stepped up to her. Lin
  stood at the Director's side, holding a wide tray with a number of makeup-articles
  on it. Quickly and skillfully, the Amanda, still naked and smiling, obviously
  enjoying her work, applied a few touches of color to Trish's lovely face. She
  used a dull pink blush, dark eyeliner, and also a touch, but not too much,
  of a soft blue eye shadow. Last, she took a tube of bright, sparkling pink
  lipstick, and used a tiny brush to apply it carefully to Trish's tender lips.
  Before the young snuff bunny realized it, she had been completely made up.  
"That's it," said Amanda, setting the lipstick and brush on the tray and
  sending Lin away with it. Then she turned back to Trish, and motioned for the
  other girls to back away. Then she put her hands gently on the young blonde's
  shoulders, and slowly turned her toward the mirror. "Let's take a look at the
  finished package," she said with a wry grin.  
Trish shuffled around on the pad, and looked up into the mirror that ran
  from the floor to the ceiling a few yards away. She gasped as she saw herself.
  She was absolutely stunning! She knew she was beautiful before, but she never
  imagined she could look like this. The shining hair, the makeup, her softly
  glowing powdered body. It almost didn't look like her in the mirror, but it
  was. Her cunt began to throb heavily as she gazed at the vision, and realized
  how truly, incredibly lovely they had made her in such a short time.  
"Oh," said Amanda, snapping her fingers, "almost forgot!" She motioned for
  Lin to come up again, and the slender Asian girl approached, holding up a small
  pair of bright pink pumps. Quickly, Amanda took the shoes, bent, and asked
  Trish to lift her feet one at the time. Trish obliged, and she felt the pretty,
  sexy shoes slip easily onto her delicate feet... a perfect fit. Then she stood
  up straight again, gazing again into the mirror. The shoes enhanced her calves,
  making her legs, and thus her whole body, seem yet more beautiful then only
  a few moments ago.  
"What do you think, little snuff bunny?" asked Amanda, putting her hand comfortingly
  on Trish's shoulder.  
Trish only gazed at herself in the mirror, admiring her own beauty. After
  a moment, she laughed merrily. "If I could," she answered, "I would jump into
  that mirror and fuck that girl myself!" The small crowd of girls broke out
  in giggles and girlish snickering, delighted at Trish's joke.  
Suddenly, the door to the salon opened, and everyone turned to see whom it
  was. A tall, middle-aged woman in what looked like brown work coveralls entered.
  Her short black hair was pulled up under the brown baseball cap, and she held
  a clipboard in her hand. The woman smiled at the small crowd of naked women,
  but focussed on Amanda. "Hello, Madam Director," she said respectfully, closing
  the door behind her, "is she ready?"  
"Come on in, Claire," said Amanda easily, "we were just finishing her up." The
  naked Director turned again to Lin, and directed her to go fetch a number two
  robe for Trish. The young blonde snuff bunny watched the slim, naked Asian
  girl scamper away behind a divider. The slender girl's small, brownish yellow
  ass bunz quivered with each step.  
The woman in coveralls approached, and smiled at Trish as she handed the
  clipboard to Amanda. "Wow, is she it?" she exclaimed, "This one is truly astounding!"  
"Yes," said Amanda, pointing to the freshly prepped girl. "This is Trish.
  I think we will get some excellent reviews on her after this evening."  
"And why not," said the uniformed woman, eyeing Trish lustfully from top
  to bottom. Trish did not flinch, but rather enjoyed the stranger's admiration. "No
  jewelry?" the woman asked Amanda.  
"No," said the Director as she looked at the paper on the clipboard and signed
  it, "Trish is a grade one intimate entertainment special, as requested by the
  client."  
"Well," said woman as she took the clipboard back from Amanda, "I think Ms.
  Donovan is very lucky. She's getting a prime specimen."  
"No, Ma'am," said Trish, trying to make her interruption sound respectful, "It
  is I who am the lucky one. I have been dreaming of this night my whole life."  
The uniformed woman smiled as she tore off a slip from the first yellow sheet
  on the clipboard and handed it to Amanda. "Well, little snuff bunny," she said, "tonight
  that dream is going to come true."  
Lin entered the salon again, carrying a long blue robe. She handed it to
  Amanda, and the Director then opened it and wrapped it around Trish. The dark
  blue satin robe had no arms, and Trish had to fold her hands under her tits
  as Amanda drew it around her and tied the belt loosely about her waist. The
  shimmering satin completely covered Trish's body, but she could tell it could
  be easily and quickly removed.  
Amanda had Sandra bring over the wheelchair again, and Trish sat in it, making
  herself comfortable quickly. In a few moments, Amanda was rolling the wheelchair
  toward the door, pushing Trish behind the uniformed woman, whom Trish guessed
  was charged with delivering her to the client, out into and down the hall.
  The small crowd of nude, giggling girls followed. Some of them commented on
  how lovely Trish looked, and how they hoped they would be so lucky one day.  
They all followed the delivery woman down the corridor and outside, where
  the sun was now much lower than it was when Trish arrived. She led them over
  to the parked white van, and opened the rear doors. The inside was comfortably
  upholstered, and a bright light gleamed from the ceiling. The driver turned
  to Trish. "Okay, little snuff bunny," she said, "Let's get you to the client."  
Amanda and Sandra helped Trish to her feet, and steadied her as she stepped
  up into the van. "Goodbye, Trish, you sweet little snuff bunny," she said, "It's
  been fun preparing you. Don't let it all go to waist."  
"I won't," Trish replied as she moved toward the front of the van, which
  was separated from the cab by a wall with a sliding window. She looked back
  at the crowd of smiling naked girls as they waved at her. "I promise I will
  make you proud," she said, and blew the crowd a kiss. Just as the driver closed
  the doors, she saw Amanda wink at her. Then the doors slammed shut, and Trish
  could hear cheerful calls of "goodbye, snuff bunny," and "have fun!" Slowly,
  the sounds faded.  
A moment later, Trish heard the metallic scraping as the driver's door was
  being opened, then a moment of jostling which caused her heavy boobs to sway
  under the satin, brushing against her manicured fingers, then the slam of the
  door closing. A second later, the sliding door on the cab wall slid aside,
  and the driver peered in, holding a large printed card up and offering it to
  her. Amanda reached out through the gap in the robe, and took the card. "That
  is the speech you are to make to introduce yourself," she said, "It's about
  an hours drive out to the clients place, and it's pretty short. You shouldn't
  have any trouble memorizing it by the time we get there."  
"Thank you," said Trish, beaming a sweet smile as she held the card, "I'll
  have it committed to memory in no time. I just hope that I don't get too excited
  and forget it."  
They both laughed, then the driver slid the window shut, and Trish was left
  alone in the back of the windowless van, looking at the card. She heard the
  engine start up, and a moment later the van lurched slightly, then sped up
  smoothly. At last she was on her way.  
Trish held up the card and read the first line.  
"Lady Donovan, and honored guests..." she said out loud as the van continued
  to speed forward, taking her to her destiny.  
The Fun Begins   
The driver was right. The short speech was very easy to memorize, and excited
  as she was, Trish had it memorized so well she felt she could have repeated
  it in her sleep. Though she could not tell where they were going, she felt
  the time pass rather quickly because she spent the entire drive focusing on
  the speech. At last, the van slowed, and made a sharp, slow turn, and ran over
  what appeared felt to Trish like some evenly spaced bumps. A smell of fresh
  trees filled the air inside the van, and she guessed they must be somewhere
  in the country. The van made a few more long lazy turns. It then finally came
  to a stop. She heard the engine die, and then the sound of the driver getting
  out of the cab.  
A few moments later, the back door of the van opened again, and the driver
  appeared, holding the clipboard. "This is it, snuff bunny," she said, and held
  out her hand, inviting Trish to exit. Trembling with excitement, Trish rose
  from the seat and carefully stepped out of the van, setting her feet down gently
  to make sure the pink pumps on her feet were secure before she put her weight
  on them. As the driver closed the van, Trish looked around. They had arrived
  at what looked like a small mansion of gray stone. The richly carved fixtures
  jutting out from the eaves high above her gave the house a fairly Victorian
  look, though the wide windows and shining gold-colored door seemed in contrast
  to that. Several wide steps of gray brick led up to the wide porch where the
  door welcomed them. The driveway, likewise, was curved and made of the same
  gray brick. All about them, Trish could see well-manicured hedges, and trees.
  A small fountain stood of toward the east, illuminated by the lowering sun.
  Trish breathed deep, enjoying the fresh, quiet country air.  
The feel of the driver's hand on her shoulder brought her out of the spell.
  The two looked at each other, and the driver smiled as Trish nervously pulled
  the robe tightly shut. "Come on," said the driver, "Let's go meet the client." The
  woman then put a hand on the girl's neck, and gently led her up the steps and
  to the wide golden door. Releasing her gentle grip, the driver then pushed
  the small button next to the door, ringing the doorbell. Quivering with lustful
  anticipation, Trish waited.  
After a few seconds, the door swung open, and a tall, naked blond woman of
  about thirty, herself quite pretty, appeared from inside. She smiled, and sipped
  from a small champagne glass. "Yes?" she queried, her voice bright and musical.  
"Are you Ms. Donovan?" asked the driver, and the woman nodded, flashing a
  bright, eager smile. Trish noted how the woman's blue eyes sparkled in the
  sunlight. "How do you do, Ma'am," the driver continued, "I am here from the
  WPI Intimate Entertainment division. This is Trish. She is the snuff bunny
  you ordered.  
The woman's eyes lit up, and she smiled as she stepped out onto the porch,
  her big, fairly mature titties bouncing and swaying on her chest, exciting
  Trish further. The girl lowered her eyes, and glanced quickly at Ms. Donavan's
  crotch, noting the neatly trimmed tufts of cunt hair between her richly tanned
  thighs. Except for the stiletto healed shoes she wore and a pair of small hoop
  gold earrings, the woman was completely naked.  
"Great," said Ms. Donovan, "the party was just getting started, but you are
  right on time. That's really good service!" She looked at Trish and smiled. "Hello,
  Trish!" she greeted, "You look great so far. I'm glad to have you here with
  us."  
"Thank you, Ma'am," replied Trish, keeping her voice soft and respectful, "I
  am honored to be here."  
The driver handed the woman the clipboard and a pen, and indicated where
  she was to sign. The woman did so, and the driver took the clipboard and tore
  off another slip, this one pink. Ms. Donovan took the receipt, and then turned
  her attention to Trish, grinning wickedly. "Now I have to remind you, Ms. Donovan," said
  the driver, "that Trish is a snuff bunny, not a slave. Under the contract,
  she is to be snuffed by midnight tonight."  
"Oh, yes," said the woman, still beaming, "that's exactly what we have in
  mind. She'll be dispatched for sure by the stroke of midnight." With that,
  the driver took her leave of the woman, wished Trish good luck, then got back
  in the van and drove away.  
Ms. Donovan put her hand on Trish's shoulder, gulped down the last of the
  drink in her hand, and dashed the fragile glass aside. It shattered with a
  tinkling sound on the bricks of the driveway. "Come on in, snuff bunny," she
  said, "you're the guest of honor at tonight's party."  
Respectfully, Trish nodded, and allowed the woman to half guide, half roughly
  push her through the door to her destiny. As the door closed behind her, she
  realized there was no going back. Her dream had come true.  
The woman led her around the curved stairs inside the atrium, and down a
  short corridor with a marble floor and rich hangings on the wall. Small windows
  high against the ceiling illuminated their way. Trish heard soft music, and
  a sound of voices. Then the corridor ended, opening up into a wide brightly
  lit room with many comfortable furnishings, potted plants along the walls,
  and more hanging tapestries. In the middle of the room stood a large square
  frame with chains hanging from the insides of the corners, and also chains
  attached to each of the bottom corners. Each chain ended in a wide leather
  loop held shut with a silvery latch.  
About ten women of varying ages milled about in the room, though it looked
  to Trish that Ms. Donovan was the oldest of them. They were all quite lovely.
  Most were completely naked, stroking their boobs or pussies. A few were partially
  nude, and a shapely black-haired woman was the only one still fully clothed.  
Ms. Donovan guided Trish forward until she was in the open. All of the women
  in the room turned to look at her. A couple gasped, and those sitting stood
  up and moved closer, eyeing Trish as she quivered excitedly under the concealing
  robe.  
"Attention, everyone," called Ms. Donovan, "Our entertainment for the evening
  has arrived. This little lady here is Trish, and she is going to be our snuff
  bunny for the evening!"  
The group of women all lifted their hands and applauded as Trish was presented
  to them. "She looks great, Marsha," called a naked blonde woman with smallish
  tits, "but can we get a look at her?"  
"Of course," said Ms. Donovan, and she took the loose end of Trish's blue
  satin robe, and pulled it loose. The robe fell open, then fell away, exposing
  the lovely, naked girl completely. Trish smiled at them, catching each woman's
  eye as they gasped and awed at her beauty. The girl could hear whispered comments
  and giggles, but no one took their eyes off of her.  
"Everyone," Ms. Donovan continued, "I believe this lovely little snuff bunny
  has something to say to us, so gather round." They all moved forward as the
  woman who greeted her joined them, gazing at Trish's superbly young, nubile
  body with almost evil lust in her eyes. She nodded her head, giving Trish the
  signal to speak.  
Trish beamed as bright and happy a smile as she could, lifting her eyes to
  the women in the room. No men, she thought. Rather disappointing, but it wouldn't
  really matter. She could be satisfied with an all-female group.  
"Lady Donovan, and honored guests," Trish began, saying the words slowly
  and clearly, trying to sound sweet and respectful, "I am very pleased and honored
  to have this opportunity to serve your needs. You have my deepest and most
  heartfelt gratitude. I promise I will do my best to ensure that each of you
  has an evening full of joy and pleasure.  
"Please use me in any way you like. I will obey every command you give me,
  eagerly and with much gratitude, regardless of any consequences to me. You
  may do whatever you like with my body. I will welcome your attentions, willingly
  and freely, however severe they may be, and will never resist or try to escape.  
"I invite each and every one of you to fulfill your deepest desires with
  my body and my service. I am Trish. I am your snuff bunny. And I now surrender
  myself completely, utterly, and totally to you."  
With that, she bowed her head respectfully. Tears of joy came to her eyes
  as she waited for them to begin using her.  
There was silence for only a moment, then all the women in the room stood
  up and began applauding, some exclaiming their approval to their hostess. "Excellent
  choice, Marsha," they said, "Very sweet and delicate!" "Such fine, well prepared
  meat!" "This is going to be fun!" Trish agreed with that, and smiled to herself.
  Indeed, she was determined to make this the most fun and entertaining night
  of their lives. It was what she had dreamed of for years.  
As the applause died down, Trish saw Ms. Donovan's long, sleek legs step
  up in front of her. "Look up, snuff bunny," she commanded, and Trish looked
  up, smiling at the lovely hostess, almost worshiping her bright, confident
  face. The blonde girl tried her best to make her face look as innocent as possible. "Well," continued
  Ms. Donovan, "you seem awfully eager! I'm impressed. I wish I had more time
  to get to know you, but I have a contract to fulfill, and my guests are excited
  about having you to play with. I should tell you, though, I don't like to bind
  my snuff bunnies unnecessarily. I would rather they be free to obey for me.
  I think you want that, too. Are you ready?"  
"Yes, Ma'am," said Trish, grinning and jittery with excitement, "This is
  my life long dream. I want it more than anything. You don't have to bind me.
  I promise I will obey and submit and suffer deeply for you. I hope you enjoy
  using me! Please, Ma'am, do as you wish with me."  
Ms. Donovan laughed, and a few more of the other women cheered and applauded
  again. The hostess turned to her guests. "Okay, girls!" she called, "No clothes
  allowed tonight! Rene`, will you please go to the closet in the hallway and
  get my 'fun box?' I think we will need it." A younger, slim waisted girl with
  medium sized titties and a round, bouncy ass scampered away a doorway arch,
  and the guests who still had some clothing on their bodies quickly began pulling
  the articles off. All were chattering among themselves and giggling.  
Ms. Donovan turned back to Trish, and gently put her left hand on the young
  snuff bunny's neck, petting her softly. "Alright, let's get started!" she proclaimed.
  She then lifted her right hand and raised it high, palm flat. Grinning wickedly,
  she swung with great force, bring the flat of her palm sharply against Trish's
  innocent face.  
SMACK!   
Trish yelped slightly, and her head snapped to the right as the swat stung
  her vulnerable face. Tears leaked from her eyes, and she grimaced slightly
  from the sudden pain. She quickly returned her gaze to the hostess, smiling
  broadly and happily, her breath coming in short gasps as her excitement soared,
  and she trembled in anticipation, causing her big, soft titties to jiggle and
  quiver with joy. "Oh, yes, Ma'am," she said, her voice almost choking with
  a sob, "Oh, thank you thank you! More, please, Ma'am. Hurt me more! Let your
  snuff bunny delight you with her pain! Oh, please hurt me, please!"  
Ms. Donovan only laughed, and turned to the now completely naked group of
  women as the girl called Rene` returned pushing a large wooden chest mounted
  on wheels into the room. "Okay, ladies," she said, " let's form a gauntlet
  in the middle of the room, and take this little slut through it a few times
  to welcome her!"  
The group of lovely, naked women shuffled around and stood in two lines in
  the center of the large room. Despite her tears, Trish could see the square
  frame beyond them. Some cracked their knuckles as they stared at her. Two others,
  a shorthaired blonde and a raven-tressed older lady, squeezed their big, soft
  boobs. Rene` parked the wheeled chest, and joined the second line, rubbing
  her pussy vigorously as she smiled at Trish and the hostess. They now stood
  in two lines, six women in each line, separated by a few feet over the long
  woven rug on the floor.  
Ms. Donovan turned to the quivering snuff bunny again. "Hands behind your
  neck, slut!" she commanded, and Trish quickly lifted her arms, and intertwined
  her fingers together behind her head. She smiled eagerly at the beautiful blonde
  hostess.  
Ms. Donovan took both of the eager snuff bunny's nipples in her fingers,
  and pinched hard. Trish gasped at the sudden, welcome pain, and smiled even
  wider at her hostess. The blonde woman giggled, twisting both of Trish's nipples
  cruelly and shaking the young, tender titties back and forth, slapping them
  against each other to make a 'fap flap flop
  plop fop'   sound. She giggled, and Trish felt satisfaction that
  her big, wobbling tits were entertaining the woman.  
"Here she comes, girls," said Ms. Donovan over her shoulder, then whispered
  to Trish, "Walk slowly, and take short steps. Give them time to enjoy you."  
Trish nodded submissively. "Yes, Ma'am," she whispered back.  
Then the blonde hostess began stepping backward, pulling on Trish's hard
  little pink nipples, which slightly stretched the sweet white titmeat out from
  the young girl's shapely chest. Taking that as her cue, the small vulnerable
  girl slowly stepped forward, taking steps only a few inches apart as she the
  woman pulled on her nipples. The older woman smiled, apparently delighted to
  be pulling the sweet young girl around by the nipples, as if using the big,
  jiggly young tits were a leash on an obedient puppy.  
Ms. Donovan led her snuff bunny between the two rows of eagerly waiting women.
  As soon as she was within arms reach of the first two, they raised their hands
  and began slapping Trish's body, beginning with the outstretched titties.  
Slap... Flap... Whap... Thwack... Smack!   
The hard, quick slaps and swats sent sharp needles of stinging pain biting
  into Trish's helpless young body. She gasped, open mouthed at the assault on
  her delicate white skin. Tears began pouring from her eyes and running down
  her face as Ms. Donovan continued to pull her forward by the nipples.  
Whack... Wha-whap... swackswapsmack....
      Fwappp-fap... Whackwhap-ap-app!   
Now the slaps came faster and from different directions as Trish felt herself
  pulled along between the two lines of wickedly laughing women. Some of the
  swats struck her stretched titties, others her soft, round ass and thighs,
  and still others her tummy and hips and pubic mound. A few even stung her face.
  She smiled widely and sobbed in agony and joy, keeping her hands obediently
  secured behind her neck. "Oh, yes!" she cried between sobs, "Oh, more please
  more! Slap me! Slap my slut flesh! Hit my tits, please! Hit them hard! Oh,
  please, hurt me, please, and make me cry for you! Make me suffer for you so
  you can enjoy my pain. Please! Oh, please, make me cry for you, my ladies...
  my goddesses... please use me and hurt me and make me cry, please!"  
 The naked ladies of the gauntlet laughed and squealed delightedly as the
  vulnerable snuff bunny begged for their abuse and cruelty. They swung harder
  and faster, leaving pink handprints all over Trish's young, hitherto unmarked
  body. A few small bruises appeared on her bouncing stretched titties, and still
  the slapping assault continued.  
Whack... Smack-ack-ack-swaap... Thwack-whap...
      Fwackfwapp... Shwack!   
After about a minute, Trish felt the slapping of her naked body slow and
  stopped as Ms. Donovan led her all the way through. Trembling from the stinging
  that seemed to burn in every inch of her pale naked flesh, Trish felt the pulling
  on her tiny, hard nipples ease, though they were still held tightly in a pain-full
  grip in Ms. Donovan's fingers. She stopped walking, but continued to weep and
  sniffle. Tears had streaked her make-up, and thin clear snot dripped from her
  nose and over her lips. She hung her trembling head, and opened her eyes. Through
  the tears she saw her tits and tummy. The many slaps from the hands of the
  gauntlet women hand turned her delicate white pink skin a bright, blotchy pink,
  and narrow streaks of bruise criss-crossed her soft titties. The stinging still
  burned all over her body. It was wonderful. Not as intense as she had dreamed
  of for so long, but it was a sweet, delightful start.  
"Round two," sneered Ms. Donovan, and then a short, evil giggle escaped her
  lips, "and this will be better than before!"  
Trish's heart leapt, and he eyes sparkled. "Oh, yes, Ma'am," she said, "Hit
  your snuff bunny harder! Hurt me more so you can enjoy my suffering. I am here
  to suffer for you and entertain you with my pain and tears. It's so wonderful
  of you to hurt me and enjoy my suffering. Hurt me, lady... my sweet goddess...
  please hit your snuff bunny!"  
Laughing, Ms. Donovan pulled again on Trish's tender nipples, this time pulling
  her around to turn in place until she faced the gauntlet of happily cruel naked
  women. She closed her eyes, and again took short, slow steps as the lovely,
  naked blonde hostess led the obedient and eager snuff bunny between the two
  rows of women, pulling her forward by her hard little nipples.  
Plumph!   
Trish almost doubled over from the first impact to her soft tummy. Someone
  had punched her with a closed fist, almost knocking the breath completely out
  of her. The wonderful agony surged through her middle as her gut tightened
  and she stumbled, gasping for breath as she struggled to stay upright.  
Thoomp! Fump! Flumph!   
More punches assailed her helpless body, coming from both sides. Two more
  to her tummy, and several to her tits, then a few to her defenseless ribs.
  Trish staggered, tried and failed to take a breath, and finally let out a strangled,
  gurgling cry. She drooled and contorted her face in anguish as the savage punches
  came faster and harder, repeatedly driven with pitiless force into her delicate
  young girl flesh.  
Thumpf! Thuhfp! Thud! Phoomph! Phrump!  
Over and over, hard fists battered her helpless flesh, knocking her from
  side to side. A couple of fists struck her chin, causing her to nip at her
  lip. The impact jostled her brain, and shapeless lights flashed in sharp hallucinations
  before her eyes. Her body spasmed in an attempt to scream, but could make no
  sound. She could not make herself breathe because the fists battered her tummy
  and chest so intensely. Pain came from everywhere, throbbed everywhere, and
  she nearly passed out from lack of breath as she stumbled forward, barely able
  to keep her hands on her neck.  
At last, the beating ended as the blonde snuff bunny felt herself pulled
  forward by her nipples beyond the gauntlet. Weak from lack of air, her long,
  sleek legs buckled, and she collapsed to the floor until she stood unsteadily
  on her knees. Tears streamed from her face as she rocked back and forth, gasping
  for breath as Ms. Donovan, her wild laughter joining the others in a kind of
  gleeful music, partially supported the suffering snuff bunny by holding her
  up by her tits.  
Slowly, Trish's tummy and chest muscles relaxed, making room in her lungs.
  As she gasped deeply for air, the young blonde girl sobbed and wept and blubbered
  in agony. Behind her, she could hear the guests laughing and cheering and clapping.
  Trish's heart warmed, even as she wailed and trembled. They were enjoying her
  misery. That was good. They deserved it, and the young blond girl felt glad
  and happy for them. She arched her back and swayed back and forth, welcoming
  the pain and wallowing in it for them, wailing and sobbing as she strove to
  make a good show of her anguish for them to enjoy.  
"One more time, my miserable little piece of filth,&quot; said Ms. Donovan,
  and Trish opened her eyes again. Looking down, she could see her tits and her
  ribs and tummy. Reddish-purple bruises had begun to appear on her flesh, swollen
  and sore. They stood out against the pink of her delicate young skin. The sweet
  pain throbbed in them. She smiled, thinking how wonderful it was to bear such
  marks for the Ms. Donovan and her guests. Her dream seamed more real now than
  ever. Weakly, she moved to try to stand.  
"No," said Ms. Donovan, and pulled down on the battered girl's tits, holding
  her low. Trish replaced her knee on the floor, holding her legs slightly apart.
  She felt warmth between her thighs, spreading and growing. Her shaved cunt
  throbbed and tingled, and she could feel moisture gather on her pussy lips
  and drip down to the floor. "For this last pass," continued the blonde hostess, "you
  will walk through the gauntlet on your knees. Be sure to keep your thighs spread
  wide, snuff bunny, so we can have fun with that nasty wet cunt!"  
"Yes, Ma'am," said Trish, smiling through her sniffling and tears, "The snuff
  bunny's cunt is yours to use as you like. I will keep my legs spread for you."  
Ms. Donovan nodded, and shook her own chest from side to side with excitement,
  making her big, pinkish-brown titties wobble and bounce and quiver excitedly.
  Trish saw it only for a moment, but that was enough to re-fire her own lust.
  Her titties ached beautifully as the beautiful, naked hostess used them to
  guide the young blonde girl around. Trish smiled, and relaxed her tummy and
  chest muscles so they would endure the full impact of the women's assault.
  Keeping her eyes closed, and shuffling forward on her knees, she wondered what
  they had in store for her this time.  
Ooohfff!   
Trish felt something large, bigger than a fist, driven into her tummy with
  the greatest force yet. Her breath gusted out of her mouth, and her gut and
  chest muscles convulsed tightly, refusing to let air back into her lungs. Trish
  felt a slight surge of thick liquid spew from her mouth, bitter and rotten.
  Then more still. The bile in he gut was being driving up her throat, making
  her spew vomit. Her body thrashed, and she would have collapsed to the floor
  if Ms. Donovan hadn't held her up, using her tits as handles. Trish blinked
  her tear-filled eyes just in time to see several feet wearing elegant pumps
  or stiletto high heels fly at her, kicking into her tummy and sides.  
Ummph! Fumph! Glumph! Thoomp!   
They women kicked at Trish's soft, defenseless girl flesh with wild savagery,
  cackling and laugh wickedly as they pummeled her aching, defenseless body.
  The tormented young girl convulsed madly, almost bringing her hands down away
  from her neck. She fought the impulse to curl up into a tight ball, to defend
  herself against the onslaught of kicks and jolts. But it would be wrong. Even
  in the fog of agony that churned around her she realized that it was her duty
  to accept this beating... to let them beat her and pound on her to their heart's
  content. And she wanted them to do it. That was why she was here, as their
  snuff bunny... to amuse and delight them by suffering any torture and abuse
  they wanted to inflict on her.  
Phumph! Splup! Splat! Plop!   
The kicks made wet, splashing noises. Then Trish shrieked breathlessly as
  a sudden storm of pain filled her ass and pussy. Gagging and gurgling and choking
  on her own bloody bile, she knew they were now kicking her cunt. Her body jerked
  uncontrollably, and she shook wildly from the pain. At last... at long last...
  they were delighting themselves by punishing her sensitive, juicy twat! She
  smiled as she gasped for breath, her pussy celebrating and frolicking happily
  in the sweet, savage cyclone of misery. Warmth became surging throbs of intense
  heat in Trish's wet, steamy fuckhole, and her stiff little clit vibrated so
  hard it burned. A dark wave of pleasure washed over her, bursting through her
  body from her pussy. The abused young blonde girl surrendered to the assault
  of sweet, painful ecstasy, and she came hard and brutally. Each sharp, merciless
  kick to her spasming twat and helpless tummy intensified the orgasm. Wave after
  wave of delight and torment washed over her. The battered and bruised snuff
  bunny welcomed the joyous agony greedily and desperately, and begged it in
  her heart to never end.  
At last, though, the assault on her body did end. Swirls of light and color
  swarmed through Trish's mind, and she was aware of almost nothing but the pain
  and ecstasy that burned in her flesh. Dimly, she felt a slight awareness of
  her nipples being released from Ms. Donovan's grip. As if in a dream, she felt
  herself fall forward, almost unable to feel the impact of her body against
  the hardwood floor as she flopped heavily, face down on the rug. Sweet agony
  still cut sharp swaths of misery up and down and around and through her young,
  delicate girl flesh. She lay there on the floor, listening with satisfaction
  as the women gathered around her, calling her nasty names... "Slut! Pig girl!
  Fuckfilth!" and the like... and continued to ridicule and laugh at her. Despite
  the pain and sickness from lack of breath, Trish felt grateful and richly blessed
  to be on the floor in front of them, awash in misery and agony for their enjoyment.
  And more would come, she knew, for the evening was still quite young.  
But, for now, she just lay there, struggling to catch her breath, and listening
  to the sweet, dreamlike music of their contemptuous laughter. She let her tears
  flow and bile leak out her mouth, and continued to gasp even though she could
  breath a little better, hoping that her small additional efforts to display
  her suffering would give them all yet another tiny thrill of wicked delight.  
The crumpled and battered young blonde snuff bunny sobbed and bawled and
  choked pathetically, as much with joy as with misery. She wanted this with
  all her heart. She needed, in her soul, to surrender to these women, all strangers
  who did not know her or care about her, so that they could be amused by her
  agony. She wanted, needed... oh so deeply and completely... to feel pain and
  shame and utter worthlessness for the delight and entertainment of strangers.
  And now, at long last, this dream... this blessing... was upon her. She felt
  satisfied and deeply fulfilled, and yet, she knew, she needed more... and that
  she would get it in abundance before the evening was over.  
As her breath became easier and her sobbing became louder, Trish heard Ms.
  Donovan commanding her. "Get up!" Another impact to her gut, and Trish gasped.
  It wasn't quite enough to knock her breath away, but it was enough to hurt
  a lot. She sobbed louder, and struggled to obey. She pushed up painfully, her
  battered arms not wanting to respond. Her heavy tits lifted off the floor,
  and the swaying intensified the ache emanating from the blotchy bruises that
  discolored them. She tried to lift up further, drawing her legs up under her
  to rise to her knees.  
"Stay there!" said the party hostess, and Trish felt a hand grab her hair
  roughly and hold her in place on her hands and knees. Obediently, she remained
  perfectly still. Presently she felt her head jerked backward, forcing her to
  look up. She found herself looking into the laughing blue eyes of Ms. Donovan.
  Grateful for the opportunity to feast her eyes upon the hostess' glowing beauty,
  Trish worshipped the woman with her eyes.  
Feelings washed over her, many feelings, but the strongest was a burning
  desire to adore this woman. Since her world had been reduced to this night,
  and to these women, and this beautiful, powerful woman most of all, Trish surrendered
  to the feelings. She knew... deep in her heart, she knew, without reservation
  or question... that she loved Ms. Donovan... loved her and adored her like
  the goddess she was.  
Trish felt so small and insignificant and worthless, gazing into those wonderful
  contempt-filled eyes. The young girl wanted... indeed, badly needed... with
  all her mind, heart, body, and soul... to give herself up to this woman, her
  Goddess. Trish knew, and felt, as if with a burning unfulfillable lust, that
  no price was too great for her to pay. She would gladly, gratefully, and even
  eagerly endure any burden, suffer any pain, sink to any shame, if only it would
  inspire a smile on that face... a sparkle of delight to those eyes... a chuckle
  of laughter in that wonderful voice.  
All that mattered now, to Trish, was Ms. Donovan's contentment and delight.
  And as she worshiped the woman, weeping with thankful joy, she swore in her
  heart that she would make every moment of this evening a source of amusement
  for beautiful Ms Donovan... and to be the perfect, obediently eager little
  snuff bunny for her Goddess.  
"You did well, you nasty little lump of filthy girl meat," said Ms. Donovan
  at last, and Trish felt her heart burn with joy at the few words of praise, "Usually
  my snuff bunnies cannot complete more than two trips through the gauntlet.
  But you completed all three! You just might be able to finish the evening for
  us... if you can stay conscious, that is."  
Trish moved her hands shakily back to their place behind her neck, and sobbed
  with joy at her Goddess' sweet words. "Oh, thank you... thank you..." she cried,
  tears pouring down her face, off her chin, and splashing on her sore, bruised
  titties, "Oh, my.... m... my Goddess.... Ms. Donovan. Your snuff bunny is unworthy
  of your praise, but I am deeply grateful for it, and for the blessing of being
  allowed to amuse You and Your guests by suffering for You. Thank you, oh my
  sweet Goddess, for using and hurting and beating my worthless girl meat for
  your enjoyment. I am so deeply blessed that battering my filthy body brought
  you pleasure. Thank you, my Goddess, thank you for letting my pain and suffering
  entertain you."  
Ms. Donovan smiled and laughed at the girl's pitiful gratitude. "Well, little
  snuff bunny," she continued as the other women laughed hysterically at Trish, "I
  think you should show me and my guests how grateful you are." The lovely, blue-eyed
  woman jerked Trish's head down, forcing her to bend all the way to the floor.
  Using the snuff bunny's hair as a handle, she pressed the bruised, tear-streaked
  face to her black-strapped high healed stilettos, smearing Trish's face against
  the shiny black leather and dainty bare toes at the end. "Lick my feet, you
  nasty excuse for a girl," she commanded, "Use those hot pink lips and filthy
  tongue to worship my feet and shoes! Lick them clean!"  
Trish's Goddess laughed with amused derision as the grateful snuff bunny
  eagerly and greedily licked and kissed those beautiful, angelic feet and shoes.
  The small blonde girl wept with intense joy, licking and kissing the leather
  and toes, washing them clean with her tongue. It was heavenly to her. She knew
  she could never be worthy of this privilege, but here she was, enjoying the
  blessing of being allowed to worship her Goddess magnificent feet. Gently,
  lovingly, and with utmost care she covered every square inch of Ms. Donovan's
  feet and shoes with sweet, adoring kisses, careful to keep her hands on her
  neck, which made moving difficult. Quickly and skillfully, she darted her tongue
  between the woman's dainty little toes, washing away every bit of filth and
  dirt to leave them white and clean. She swallowed, and felt the bitter, gritty
  taste of the dirt in her throat. To her, it was sweeter and tastier than the
  finest caviar or truffles. After all, it was the wonderful filth from between
  the toes of beautiful Ms. Donavan, her beloved and adored Goddess.  
"Enough," sneered Ms. Donovan, and she pulled up on Trish's head, roughly
  dragging the snuff bunny around by her blonde hair, then forced her face down
  to the feet of the first woman they came to. "Now, my guests, girl filth!" said
  Trish's Goddess, "Clean their feet as well!"  
As they all stood around Trish, and forced her one after the other to kiss
  and was their feet, they continued to laughed at her and make filthy remarks
  about her. Trish continued her attentions to their feet lovingly and dutifully,
  determined to give every one of them as much delight and fun as possible. As
  small and degraded as it made her feel, she knew it was her duty, as their
  snuff bunny. She welcomed their contemptuous remarks and filthy names, because
  sparks of laughter and happy smiles flowered among them. She was just filth
  for them, a target for their contempt and abuse. It was wonderful... and with
  each shoe she kissed, each dainty little toe she licked and cleaned with her
  mouth, she became more deeply and fulfilled and satisfied to be their snuff
  bunny.  
Finally, the last of the women, the redhead Rene`, had had enough of the
  tiny, bruised girl's mouthful attentions, and pulled her up. Trish smiled contentedly
  as she stood on her knees, swallowing the last bit of toe jam from between
  Rene's toes. She smiled contentedly, keeping her hands on her neck as she waited.  
"Well, Marsha," said Rene`, holding Trish's head up by her tangled blonde
  hair, "what shall we do with this nasty little slut now? We still have lots
  of time. The sun isn't even down yet!"  
"I've been thinking about it," said the snuff bunny's magnificent, adored
  Goddess as she approached and stood over Trish, looking down at her with disgust, "I
  think I have an idea. There is no reason to keep her to ourselves. Let's share
  her, and let everyone know what a filthy, nasty little lump of girl-puke she
  is! She deserves nothing better."  
Trish remained silent, but began trembling with apprehension and excitement.
  Her pussy began to throb and heat up again, and she breathed heavily. She yelped
  as Ms. Donovan playfully swatted the bruised little blonde snuff bunny's jiggling,
  bouncy titties. "Oh, thank you, sweet Goddess," muttered Trish, but Ms. Donovan
  only laughed wickedly.  
"Where can we do that, Marsha?" asked one of the other women. Trish could
  not tell which one.  
"In town, of course," said the powerful, blue-eyed hostess, "Rene', take
  this nasty puddle of girl puke out to my car, and stuff her in the trunk. The
  keys are in it. Everybody else follow us in your own car. Don't bother getting
  dressed! We're going into town to have some fun with our snuff bunny. And I
  am going to take some special toys to make sure we that our nasty little snuff
  bunny provides us with a good time!"  
Laughter filled the room, and Trish trembled with anticipation. As she crawled
  after Rene`, dragged by her hair, she wondered what her Goddess had in mind.
  There would be more people, for certain, so she was sure to be publicly humiliated.
  Still, even as Rene' dragged her outside into the long shadows of late afternoon,
  over the cobblestones to a long black limousine, the sore and bruised girl
  could not fathom her Goddess' mind.  
Rene` opened the driver's door and popped the lid of the trunk. Then she
  carelessly dragged the helpless, eager girl to the back of the car. "Get in,
  filthy slut!" the young redhead commanded, her voice full obvious delight at
  being in charge of the girl. Trish decided to let the girl entertain herself
  just a bit. Though she was quick, she hesitated a moment over the edge of the
  trunk. Her tits hung down almost against the oily carpet on the floor of the
  trunk compartment, and she held her soft round bottom high, keeping the muscles
  loose and soft. She held her ass still, displaying the soft bruised cheeks
  of girl flesh as if it were a vulnerable offering.  
It worked. Rene` drew a hand back and delivered a powerful, stinging swat
  across Trish's meaty round bottom. "Ouch!" cried the blonde snuff bunny, letting
  the delicate globes of girl meat jiggle and quiver, giving Rene` a good show
  for just a second. "What are you waiting for, slut?" growled the girl, though
  Trish could tell there was a hint of satisfaction in the girl's impatience, "Get
  in there where you belong! And stay quiet! We don't want to listen to your
  sniveling while we're driving!"  
"Yes, ma'am," said Trish, keeping her voice a high pitched whine to make
  herself sound submissive and obedient. She scrambled into the trunk and lay
  on her back, arching her back slightly to hold up her big, wobbling tits. She
  looked up at the lovely redheaded girl, and Rene' only grinned wickedly at
  her. Then the redhead snorted, bent toward the blonde girl, and spat a thick
  wad of filthy green mucus onto Trish's bruised, tear-stained face. Trish was
  a bit surprised at this, but did not flinch or even close her eyes. She just
  smiled and looked back up at Rene`, noting the redhead's round, low-hanging
  titties. "Thank you, ma'am," she said sweetly, "for blessing this worthless
  snuff bunny with the gift of your spit. I am very grateful. I hope I am allowed
  to keep it there, and not wash it off. May I keep it, ma'am, please?"  
Rene` laughed wickedly. "Keep it, you nasty piece of girl filth," she said,
  her voice dripping with delighted contempt, "Leave it where it is until we
  get where we are going, then eat it!"  
"Yes, ma'am," said Trish, smiling sweetly as the redhead slammed the trunk
  closed. The snuff bunny lay in the darkness for long minutes listening to voices
  and sounds outside the car. As she was told, she left the nasty slug of spit
  on her face, wishing she had a mirror and some light so she could see how it
  decorated her.  
At last, several voices including Ms. Donovan's approached, and Trish heard
  her Goddess call out, "Let's get this show on the road!" There was gleeful
  female laughter, then the sound of opening and closing car doors. Trish felt
  the limousine jostle and rock slightly as passengers filled its seats, then
  she heard more doors slam shut.  
Car engines roared to life somewhere close, then the driver, probably Ms.
  Donovan herself, started the limousine's engine. Trish heard music from the
  car's radio, then felt the car lurch forward and smoothly round a curve and
  speed forward. Smiling to herself, the young blonde snuff bunny let her imagination
  run wild. The immediate future seemed terrifyingly close, and full of promise.  
On Parade   
The ride into town seemed to take only about twenty minutes or so, though
  for Trish it could not have ended quickly enough. Every passing moment made
  her more eager and enthusiastic about entertaining her Goddess, Ms. Donovan,
  by enduring pain and anguish of almost any kind for Her. The lovely young blonde
  snuff bunny let her fingers dabble in the slug of thick mucus spit on her face
  that sweet Rene` had blessed her with, and considered the possibility.  
Maybe her Goddess would tie her to a post in the public square and burn her
  tits and pussy with cigarettes, or even shock her with a cattle prod to make
  her scream and wail while everyone passing by watched and laughed at her. That
  sounded like fun, and she imagined herself jerking around on the post, thrashing
  from side to side. She would make her big, firm, bruised young titties bounce
  and wobble like bowls of jelly. That would be a fun show!  
Idly, she pushed a bit of the nasty mucus into her mouth, letting herself
  enjoy the taste of the sweet sticky slime. It was indeed nasty, and she almost
  puked. She almost wished she had. It would be so deliciously degrading to be
  shown off in town to everyone while covered in her own vomit, then may have
  the chance to suffer her sweet Goddess' punishment for making a filthy mess
  in the trunk. The thought made her nasty slut cunt feel warm and tingly, and
  the movements of the car enhanced the feeling. Trish couldn't stop herself.
  She reached between her bruised, meaty thighs and stuffed four fingers up her
  dripping hot pussy. She used her other hand to squeeze and pull at her big,
  wobbly titties as she dug around inside her cunt with her long, slender fingers,
  scooping out thick blobs of girlcum and then plunging them back into herself.  
She writhed and squirmed as she raped her cunt with her fingers. Within seconds,
  she arched her back and enjoyed an intense, brutal cum. Several waves of delight
  washed over her as she felt her cunt spasm. Trish felt her hot fuckhole spew
  out thick blobs of boiling twat nectar. As the pleasure of the moment faded
  and passed, leaving her panting and awash in the afterglow, the blonde snuff
  bunny realized she was lying in a puddle of her own cunt honey. Good! Now Ms.
  Donovan had an excuse to punish her. That would be sweet!  
After some time, the girl in the limousine's trunk heard the sounds of traffic,
  and then the limousine slowed down. It stopped for about a minute, then started
  forward again, made a right turn, a couple more stops, then a left turn before
  coming to a stop on a slight incline to the right. Trish guessed that the car
  had parked on a street. That seemed to be confirmed when the engine stopped.
  Greedily, she used her fingers to shove the slug of spit-snot into her mouth
  and swallowed it, just as Rene` had told her to do. She wretched at the nasty
  taste but still did not puke all over herself. Too bad.  
The sounds of traffic continued, and she heard other cars parking close by
  as the limousine's doors opened and passengers clambered out. Trish heard giggling,
  and then the sound of a police siren wail above everything, slowly pass by,
  then fade just as slowly. Everywhere around the limousine she heard voices,
  though most were far away. A dull 'thump' sound could be heard close to the
  trunk, then an excited chattering of female voices discussing delights Trish
  could not make out, but could imagine herself providing.  
A dull thud heralded the release of the trunk latch, and the lid swung up.
  Light filled the trunk, though it was not as intense as earlier, for now it
  was late evening, and the sun was beginning to sink toward the horizon. Trish
  looked up, and saw her Goddess, Ms. Donovan, and beautiful red-haired Rene`
  grinning wickedly down at her.  
"Oh, shit," said Rene`, her voice filled with mocking contempt, "the filthy
  slut must have fingered herself. She slopped her cunt puke all over your trunk,
  Marsha.&quot;  
"That's okay," said Ms. Donovan, looking down into the panting snuff bunny's
  adoring eyes, "she'll pay for it whether she did it or not!" That made Trish
  smile excitedly as she felt the Goddess and Rene` reach in and grab her by
  her tits and ankles. The snuff bunny moaned with blessed agony as she was lifted,
  partly by her sore teen boobs, out of the trunk and dropped like a bag of garbage
  on the ground.  
Desperate to delight her Goddess, Trish scrambled clumsily around to try
  and kneel on the rough, oily asphalt. But, Ms. Donovan reached down and grabbed
  her tits again. She then used the girl's sore titties like handles to lift
  the sweet, bruised snuff bunny to her feet. "Stand up!" she commanded.  
"Yes, Ma'am," said Trish sweetly, and she forced her legs to stiffen, still
  unsteady because she still wore the high heeled pumps. She stood naked before
  her Goddess, trembling with excitement as she awaited the next command or assault
  on her flesh.  
The young blonde lump of girl meat had only a moment or two to take note
  of her surroundings. She could tell they were in a small town, perhaps the
  community's Main Street, judging from the two and three story buildings. Most
  had wide wooden signs; "Mandy's Shoes"... "General Store"... "Quinton Fabric
  Outlet"... and others. There was a stop light behind where the limousine had
  parked, and a policewoman stood in the middle of the intersection, directing
  traffic to either side. There was no other traffic in the rough, potholed avenue.
  Beyond intersection, on the distant, hazy hills, the late day sun had grown
  large and golden, sinking fast behind the reddish-gold clouds. Night was not
  far away.  
Several cars from the intersection honked their horns as the policewoman
  directed them aside, and Trish heard nasty remarks shouted at her. She reveled
  in the attention, smiling sweetly. Other cars were parked close, and presently
  Ms. Donovan's guests got out, all still naked and grinning wickedly as they
  approached. The raven-haired girl and the naturally curly blonde with smallish
  tits carried large brown box. They set it down close to the snuff bunny's Goddess,
  and then everyone gathered around as Ms. Donovan straightened the young blonde
  girl up. Trish turned her attention to her Goddess, and worshiped her with
  her eyes again, smiling contentedly.  
"Open the box, Rene`," said Ms. Donovan, not taking her eyes off Trish, "Get
  me the long white nautical rope." The redhead did so quickly, and handed Trish's
  Goddess a coiled length of half-inch white rope. The snuff bunny smiled, wondering
  how it would be used.  
Ms. Donovan grabbed on of the blonde snuff bunny's tender bruised titties,
  and lifted its weight by the nipple. Trish responded by thrusting her chest
  forward, making the soft, jiggly mounds of girl flesh more accessible for the
  blonde hostess. The blue-eyed Goddess worked quickly. She wrapped the soft
  rope tightly around the base of Trish's massive titties, three wraps each,
  then bound them together with a criss-cross loop from one tit to the other.
  The obedient snuff bunny stood as still as she could while her Goddess bound
  her soft young tits with three more loops around each tit. The loops were very
  tight, and they forced the soft funbags to squeeze forward, their nipples bulging
  obscenely. As Ms. Donovan cinched the loops tighter, the untied bulges of titflesh
  began to turn blue. Trish felt them throb and tingle, sending many thrills
  throughout her small, slutty body, sparkling in her tight asshole and hairless
  pussy, which made her tart cunt honey flow even more freely down her thighs.
  The snuff bunny's beloved Goddess then looped the rest of the long rope around
  the criss-crossed loops, and tied it there. There was now almost thirty feet
  of the white rope attached to the bindings around the blonde girl's bulging
  and tightly tied titties. It would make a perfect leash, Trish thought, for
  pulling her around like an animal.  
The sweet blonde snuff bunny smiled at her Goddess. Ms. Donovan smiled back,
  then playfully spanked each of the oxygen-deprived deep blue bulges of sensitive
  titmeat. Trish gasped, pleased that they were now so much more sensitive and
  hurt so much for her Goddess. "Oh, thank you, my Goddess," she said, "I hope
  my tied titties please you even more before you release them."  
"They will, slut," said Ms. Donovan wickedly, then slapped her snuff bunny's
  face once more just because. Trish yelped, and cried as her soft young face
  celebrated the sting. A wide smile crept across her face.  
"Rene`!" called the blue-eyed Goddess, "Now the black tether plug, the Monster
  Blue, and the Big Bottle! Bring them!"  
The smiling girl with red hair reached into the box, and removed the items.
  Trish's eyes widened as she saw what Rene` handed the snuff bunny's beautiful
  Goddess. The first item was a very thick, cock-molded dildo of soft blue plastic.
  Although blue in color, it other wised looked like a VERY large cock! It was
  almost three inches thick in the middle, a little more at the base, and vein-like
  ribs criss-crossed over its shaft. Trish gulped and drooled, wondering if she
  could take it, and quietly praying that she could.  
The second item was a large black butt plug with a fairly narrow neck and
  a wide base with a strong chrome-plated chain extending from the middle of
  it for about a foot, ending in a loop to which another long white rope was
  tied. It looked intimidating and painful, which meant it would be wonderful,
  Trish felt, to wear it for the amusement of her Goddess.  
The third item was a large bottle filled with a thin white liquid, and capped
  with screw-top lid adorned with a long, stiff tube. Trish stared at the bottle,
  gulping and drooling.  
"Relax," said Ms. Donovan, laughing, "It's just milk. And I'm going to give
  it to you, little snuff bunny, but you won't get to drink it." She laughed
  wickedly and looked at the big-boobed brunette and a pale blonde with straight
  hair standing behind Trish. "Bend her over!" she ordered, and everyone laughed
  as the two women grabbed the blonde girl with the bruised, bound titties and
  turned her back toward her Goddess, roughly kicking her feet apart to make
  her stand with legs spread and dripping pussy exposed. A swift punch to the
  helpless blonde slut's soft tummy forced her to double over at the waist, gasping
  in pain. Then the two women held her in that position. The blonde grabbed Trish's
  slim waist, and lifted up, forcing the girl's ass high and the cheeks spread.
  As her breath returned, the snuff bunny cried as she realized that this position
  exposed her pink, gaping hairless pussy and puckered pink asshole both obscenely
  open and exposed.  
The two women held Trish securely as Ms. Donovan went to work. She tipped
  the huge bottle of warm milk upside down, put the tip of the nozzle to the
  helpless girl's eager, pulsating asshole. Smiling wickedly, she roughly pushed
  it up her snuff bunny's poop chute. Trish felt suddenly self-conscious as she
  felt the thin tube slide past the entrance and into her colon. It was horribly
  degrading and nasty, even more so because it was being done to her publicly
  in the middle of a populated town... with traffic and even a policewoman only
  a few yards away. The women around her moaned and cooed as the tube slide all
  the way up Trish's upturned ass.  
There was a slight pause, then Trish felt a slight snap as her Goddess opened
  the valve. The small crowd of girls cheered as the blue-eyed hostess squeezed
  the bottle.  
Trish felt her face flush hot with intense humiliation as she felt the warm
  white milk begin flowing into her colon. Having already had several enemas
  a few hours before, she knew she was already empty, and that her gut would
  hold a large amount of the liquid.  
She gulped and wept. She wanted to fade away as the degrading use of her
  ass continued. As her gut began to fill up, the humiliation she felt increased
  with it, and she found herself crying pathetically as the pressure built in
  her tummy. Rene` noticed her tears, and laughed, pointing at Trish's red, tear-drenched
  face. "Look at the little bag of slutfilth cry!" she announced, and everyone
  looked at the snuff bunny's face and immediately broke out in derisive giggling
  and snickering, pointing at her face. Rene` bent and held the blonde girl's
  head up, and spat on her again. Everyone emitted still more laughter and hilarity
  at Trish's predicament. The helpless blonde tit-tied girl could only sob more
  deeply, awash in degraded misery while everyone else ridiculed her openly.  
Trish felt her gut began to cramp from the pressure, and still the flow into
  her gut showed no signs of slowing or stopping. She wiggled her ass, trying
  to make her position a bit more comfortable, and felt the warm liquid slosh
  and churn back and forth inside her. "Be careful, my nasty little snuff bunny," said
  the blue-eyed Goddess, "Don't you dare let one drop of the milk escape your
  filth hole! I am giving you a blessing, and you have no right to waste even
  a tiny bit of it."  
"Yes, my sweet, beautiful Goddess," sobbed Trish, and she tightened her asshole
  sphincter against the tube, "Thank you for blessing your snuff bunny with a
  wonderful enema of sweet milk in her unworthy ass. I promise, my Goddess, I
  will not waste it. Squirt it all up my ass! Let me hold it all for you, my
  Goddess, please! Fill me up! Please fill your snuff bunny's worthless, filthy
  ass with wonderful milk!"  
Trish's face burned with embarrassment, and she wept profusely, tears pouring
  off her chin as she sobbed. The other women just continued point at her and
  laugh at her, commenting what an incredible piece of slutfilth she was for
  taking so much of the liquid.  
The pressure built and built inside Trish's gut, and her belly became painfully
  bloated and distended. She felt her gut continue to fill, then gurgle as it
  the pressure forced its way into her deepest intestines. She felt her insides
  stretch to accommodate the massive volume of milk. The pain became sharp and
  intense... then grew rapidly, causing her to grunt and tremble. The pain became
  a heavy, searing agony. She sobbed and screamed loudly, letting the anguish
  saturate her mind and body until she felt like she would explode!  
At long last, the flow into her gut stopped, and pain stopped increasing,
  though Trish still felt like she would burst any moment. "Okay, little snuff
  bunny," said Ms. Donovan, "that's all of it. Keep your asshole tight and don't
  loose a drop, and I will give you something to help you hold the milk inside
  you." With that, she slowly withdrew the tube of the empty milk bottle from
  the sobbing girl's tight asshole. A tiny drop of white appeared at the very
  entrance to Trish's clinched hole, but that was all.  
"Yes, my Goddess," sobbed Trish, feeling the milk churn and gurgle inside
  her gut, "Oh, please hurry, sweet Goddess, please! I can feel it trying to
  get out! I don't know how long I can hold it without help. Please oh please
  hurry! Don't let me fail you! I don't want to fail you!"  
Moving with frustrating slowness, Ms. Donovan watched her snuff bunny's asshole
  clench and throb as the sobbing, degraded girl strained desperately to hold
  the milk inside her. Finally, though, she put a few globs of clear anal lube
  jelly on the plug, and smeared some also on the struggling snuff bunny's asshole.
  Then she took the black butt plug with the attached chain and rope, and put
  the point to the snuff bunny's straining pucker. She put her hand against the
  base, and pushed. The other women let out an amazed "Ohhhh... wow!" as the
  tip of the plug invaded Trish's exposed asshole.  
The blue-eyed hostess pushed harder, holding the pressure on the plug with
  the heal of her hand. She pushed until she encountered some resistance, watching
  with delight as the plug stretched the helpless blonde girl's asshole. She
  pushed harder, and the plug began to slide in further.  
Trish felt the tip of the plug against her sphincter, and felt torn between
  the need to loosen and allow the invader to enter her, or keep her hole tightly
  closed so as not to risk a leak. More than anything, she dreaded letting her
  beloved Goddess down. So she kept her hole tight, and prayed the plug would
  enter her anyway and relieve the strain on her sphincter, though the pressure
  in her gut would remain until the beautiful blue-eyed Goddess chose to allow
  her snuff bunny to release the blessing that tormented her insides.  
The pressure against Trish's tight, puckered asshole increased, and she felt
  the invader start to stretch her sphincter as it pushed passed it and into
  her colon. More pressure as the massive plug was pushed, then shoved brutally
  up the blonde girl's slim, bouncy ass, forcing the tiny hole to stretch wide.
  At first, Trish almost didn't feel the pain as her tight hole was stretched.
  She was only aware of a solid fullness invading her ass.  
Suddenly, the pain became a searing flare as the plug stretched her tiny
  pucker wider and wider. The helpless girl wriggled and shrieked in agony, causing
  the liquid inside her to slosh violently and her sensitive, tightly bound titties
  bounce painfully against each other. More stretching... more pain... more screams
  of torment as the women around her gasped with astonishment. The girl wailed
  in torment, and felt sure the plug was going to split her tender asshole apart.  
Ms. Donovan laughed wildly as the helpless girl squirmed and sobbed and wailed.
  The plug's apex as now right at the edge of the girl's ass, stretching her
  so wide droplets of blood began to form from tiny tears in the snuff bunny's
  delicate sphincter skin. Grinning wickedly, she drew her hand back, and swung
  forward, driving the plug the last few millimeters with the heal of her hand.
  The plug slid forward, and the sweet, pink hole slammed shut around the plug's
  neck. It was now firmly and solidly embedded in the tortured snuff bunny's
  cute, bouncy ass! The other women watched the plug complete it's invasion of
  the girl's flesh, and cheered and applauded when they saw it firmly held in
  the tiny hole.  
Trish felt the massive plug slip the last few hair's widths into her ass,
  then the sudden relief as her asshole slammed shut around the plugs neck. She
  almost collapsed as the paid ceased to flare out from her asshole into the
  rest of her, and now just sat and burned in her flesh. She sobbed deeply, adrift
  on a tidal wave of pain. Agony flowed from her distended gut and stretched
  asshole, and poured like warm honey into the most sensitive parts of her steamy
  pussy. She fought the urge to fingerfuck herself, and just hung limply in the
  supporting grasp of the two women.  
Laughter invaded Trish's mind... her Goddess' sweet, beautiful laughter.
  It fell on her ears like the piping of beautiful birds and the precious music
  of a long lost minstrel. Ms. Donovan apparently was having a good time abusing
  and tormenting her obedient snuff bunny. Trish smiled, feeling deep satisfaction
  that her suffering delighted her Goddess. As intense as it was, it was worth
  it. Indeed, Trish knew in her heart it would still be a precious blessing upon
  her worthless body even if the pain were a thousand times worse. Her heart
  glowed with love and devotion to her Goddess, and she wished now that she had
  burst... that the plug hand torn her open... just so she could wallow in her
  anguish for the entertainment and amusement of her Goddess and Her party guests.  
"Now, the dildo,' said Ms. Donovan, and Trish smiled at the prospect of getting
  her cunt filled for her Goddess sake. She swung her legs wider apart, making
  her pussy gape widely. She flexed her cunt muscles, making her pussy lips twitch
  as an invitation to Ms. Donovan to stuff the nasty, slippery hole as full as
  possible.  
She didn't have to wait long. Ms. Donovan used the fingers of one hand to
  hold the blonde snuff bunny's hair free twat lips apart. Trish quivered with
  excitement as she felt the tip of the dildo pressed against the throbbing hole
  of her hot, steamy cunt. A moment later, the dildo's thick head settled against
  the edges of her fuckhole. She forced herself to relax her cunt, and waited.  
The trembling, grinning back of girl meat squealed with delight as she felt
  her Goddess push the dildo into her cunt. The head stretched her slightly,
  then slid easily into her. Trish gasped and closed her eyes as her nasty, slippery
  twat hole relaxed and welcomed the thick, rubbery invader into the depths of
  her sweet fuckflesh. Trish felt the veins tickle the insides of her cunt walls
  as the entire length of the shaft, fully ten inches, slid easily past her delicate
  twatlips and filled her up. As the last inch of the dildo was pushed into her
  and the women around applauded again, another orgasm crashed over the trembling
  blonde snuff bunny, pouring into every corner of her body and mind and soul.
  Wave after wave flooded her sweet young flesh as she came and came and came
  again. She groaned involuntarily, and slut juice poured out of her cunt around
  the dildo. It poured in a nearly steady stream from her throbbing pussy and
  formed a steaming puddle of pale liquid on the asphalt under her.  
"Wow, what a nasty, horny little snuff bunny," laughed Ms. Donovan as she
  watched Trish's stuffed fuckhole drip steamy cunt honey. The other women laughed
  as well. Trish grinned with satisfaction, so deeply and gratefully pleased
  to be able to entertain them by cumming so hard for them. The feelings of humiliation
  had passed for the most part, though the pain had remained even if it was slightly
  dulled. She felt proud of herself, and relished the thought of the other women
  looking at her plugged ass and nasty, dildo-stuffed cunt. She wished she could
  see herself. It must be quite a lovely and exciting show.  
The two girls who held her leaned back, and Trish felt herself forcefully
  stood up straight and jerked around without a hint of grace or gentleness to
  face Ms. Donovan. She stood there in front of her Goddess. Her big tits were
  still tightly bound, and were now turning a deep blue. The unbound portion
  behind her nipples looked swollen and engorged with depleted blood. The stinging
  tingles told her the flesh was begging for a fresh supply of oxygen. Let it
  beg, Trish thought. After all, she was obligated to suffer for her Goddess,
  and therefore her tits had to suffer right along with her.  
She felt the liquid slosh like a stormy sea in her distended tummy. She welcomed
  the sensation, letting the pain in her gut and her asshole flow throughout
  her being. It was HER pain, and she was bearing it willingly for her Goddess
  and the guests. The trembling, happy snuff bunny felt more determined now than
  ever to feel and suffer as much as possible every last twinge of pain as deeply
  as she could for her Goddess. And she vowed in her heart to wear every last
  tiny indignity like a fine jewel, a sparkling tear on her sweet, innocent face,
  so that Ms. Donovan and the others could insult her, abuse her, and laugh at
  her.  
"How do you feel, snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, smiling at the blonde girl
  before her.  
Trish smiled with gratitude and adoration as she looked up into those wonderful,
  fiery blue eyes. "Oh, my sweet, sweet Goddess," she said, almost sobbing with
  joy, "your snuff bunny feels her gut about to burst and her asshole ready to
  tear open from the plug. These tits, which you have blessed with such a tight
  binding, are deep in torment for you, my Goddess. Your snuff bunny feels intense
  pain coursing into her entire body for you, and I hope that my suffering pleases
  you and delights you. Oh, my sweet Goddess, this worthless pig of a girl is
  so grateful to you, for it is you, my Goddess, who have done this to her. Please,
  oh sweet Goddess, let your snuff bunny show everyone... whole world... what
  a kind and generous woman you are. Let me display my shame and agony for everyone
  to see, please my Goddess, please!" Her adoring eyes became drenched with tears
  of gratitude and joy, and she trembled, trying with her whole soul to suffer
  every tingle and spark of misery for her beloved Goddess.  
Ms. Donovan laughed at the girls wretched begging for abuse, and decided
  to oblige. "Time to get going girls. Tie that weight to the end of her ass
  plug extension, and her tit rope to the trailer hitch of my car. And Rene`,
  put that box back Wendy's car.  
Ms. Donovan turned back to the quivering snuff bunny as the other women bustled
  about to complete the tasks. &quot;We're going to lead you by your tit lead
  down the street," she said, "because you are the center of attraction in a
  little parade." Trish gasped and her eyes brightened. "I see you like that
  idea, eh?" The blonde snuff bunny nodded eagerly. "Glad you are pleased, but
  you are not here to be pleased. We will go slowly, and you must be sure to
  keep the rope bound to your tits pulled taut, but not tight. We are tying a
  heavy stone weight, about fifty pounds, to the extension from your ass plug.
  You will not let it pull the plug out of your ass.  
"Finally, once we start to pass the crowd on the sidewalk, I will use a PA
  horn to present you. You will put on a good show for them. I expect to see
  jiggling girl flesh and bouncy, wiggling ass cheeks. Don't let that dildo slide
  out of your filthy fuckhole! Show off those bruises. Keep smiling and crying,
  and beg everyone to look at you and laugh at you and treat you like the filthy,
  miserable excuse for a girl you are. After all, you are not really a girl any
  more. You are a snuff bunny... MY snuff bunny... and my snuff bunny will be
  enthusiastic about making a show of her degradation and shame for me. Do you
  understand, snuff bunny?"  
"Yes, my Goddess," said Trish excitedly, her whole body quivering and tingling
  with anticipation, "I promise I will be a good snuff bunny for you, and put
  on a good show. Oh, thank you, my sweet dear Goddess, thank you for allowing
  me to serve you like this."  
Ms. Donovan smiled and giggled, and bounced the snuff bunny's blood-gorged
  bluish-purple titties in her hands. The movement and touch sent sharp needles
  of pain shooting through Trish's tits, and she sighed, welcoming and relishing
  the additional surge of agony in her tortured titties.  
The other guests finished their tasks quickly, and Ms. Donovan got in the
  back seat of the limousine while Rene` got behind the wheel. The rest of the
  guests moved to the sides of the street, about evenly spaced, and waited.  
Ms. Donovan slid the sunroof back, and stood up in the opening, holding a
  large yellow and white bullhorn. Trish heard the limousine start, and then
  loud music brass-band music began pouring out of the open windows on either
  side. Behind the group, the traffic in the intersection had ceased, and the
  sun was settling onto the distant horizon.  
Presently, the limousine started forward, moving slowly, about half walking
  pace. Trish smiled at her Goddess, her naked body visible from the waist up
  in the sunroof. The car pulled forward, and the loose curls of the rope attached
  to Trish's titties began to straighten. At last the rope was pulled taut, and
  the helpless snuff bunny felt a slight tug on her massive titties, pulling
  her forward. The pain surged through her, and she smiled as it blessed her
  soul for her Goddess sake.  
As she walked along behind the black limousine, Trish felt another tug...
  this one against her insides as the plug extension was pulled tight against
  the weight. She tightened her sphincter, and pulled. First slowly, then easier,
  the weight at the end of the rope behind her slid over the asphalt roadway,
  keeping constant pressure against the blonde snuff bunny's insides via the
  plug. Stepping carefully in her pink pumps, careful to keep the rope binding
  her to the car by her tits, the smiling, eager blonde snuff bunny followed,
  keeping her back straight and her ass muscles loose so that her flesh remained
  on display and jiggled merrily with each step. Beside her, along the sides
  of the street, the Goddess' guests walked along, stepping gracefully and smoothly,
  almost like experienced runway models.  
At the corner, the limousine turned slowly right, and continued down a smoother
  road lined with brownstone building with glass fronts. The edges of the road
  met wide concrete sidewalks.  
Almost as soon as Trish moved out beyond the corner and into the new street,
  she heard a loud whooping and cheering, like a celebration. She looked on either
  side of the street as the other guests moved into place on either side of her,
  and she gasped with astonishment. The sidewalks on both sides of the street
  were crowded with people, mostly women and girls, although Trish could make
  out a few males, standing toward the backside of the sidewalk.  
Pulled forward by the rope on her tits, Trish began trembling as the car
  approached closer to the cheering, applauding crowd. The blonde, tortured slut
  girl could see the other guests walking past the crowds and waving in friendly
  greeting as they welcomed the crowd. But all eyes were on Trish, she knew,
  and the cheering crowds began pointing and howling with abusive laughter as
  the watched Trish pass, pulled along by her tits and dragging the heavy weight
  by her asshole.  
"Look at the slut!" they shouted!  
"What a filthy pig!"  
"Those tits are about to pop! Maybe they will!"  
"Her cunt is dripping! What a nasty bitch!"  
"She's pulling that thing by her asshole!"  
"Hey, slut! I need to shit! Open your mouth!"  
"Ha ha ha ha! Cum for us, snuff bunny slut!"  
"Yeah! Let's see that fuckhole spew!"  
"Bitch!"  
"Filthy slut!"  
"Her pussy's dripping! What a worthless piece of shit!"  
Trish heard their insults and obscene comments, and she smiled, welcoming
  them. They were true, after all. She held her tits high and began shaking them
  back and forth, making them wobble and bounce as she wiggled her sweet, jiggling
  ass cheeks. The crowd cheered and laughed wildly, enjoying her slutty, nasty
  show of tortured girl flesh. The liquid in her gut swirled and surged and churned
  and splashed inside her. Her asshole felt sweetly tortured from the inside
  out as she pulled the heavy weight. She felt almost high, lost in her private
  heaven of agony and shame and intense, seething joy... all for Ms. Donovan,
  her Goddess, and the other guests... and now also for the many townswomen and
  few men on the sidewalk who relentlessly hurled insults and abuse at her.  
"Ladies and children and honored Men of our town," came a voice from in front
  of Trish, very loud and partially distorted by the bullhorn, "I, Marsha Donovan,
  and my guests are here today to put out new snuff bunny on display for your
  pleasure! Everyone give a big cheer for our sweet little slut pig, Trish!" She
  turned, and waved at the suffering, bound girl stumbling along behind the limousine.
  A loud cheer and thunder of applause came from the crowd on the side on either
  side of her. Trish smiled and stood taller, almost marching with her knees
  high as she followed the limousine, hoping everyone enjoyed the way she presented
  her naked body for their amusement. Everyone laughed and snickered and pointed
  at her, shouting insults and nasty comments at her. It was wonderful!  
"Come on, everyone!" Ms. Donovan called through bullhorn, "this hot little
  lump of girl filth is here to suffer and cry for your amusement! You must stay
  on the sidewalks, but otherwise you can do anything you want! Make her suffer!
  Hurt her and humiliate her! Lets see how much we can make her cry!"  
Trish remembered Ms. Donovan's directive and smiled sweetly at the crowd,
  shaking her body to make her nasty fuckflesh jiggle and quiver as she struggled
  to keep up with the car.  
"Look at that ass jiggle!" someone shouted, and the happy snuff bunny only
  wiggled it harder!  
"Watch those tits bounce!" said someone else, and Trish shook her chest back
  and forth to make her bound funbags waggle and slap against each other!  
"Oh, yes, yes, my friends," she called, crying with pain and ecstasy as she
  reveled in the knowledge that she was reduced now to a display of quivering,
  tormented girl meat, "Oh, yes, look at my tits... my ass! Oh, my pussy is so
  wet for you! I want to cum for you! Please, everyone look at my pussy! See
  the dildo? It's really huge! It stuffs my nasty, dripping cunt! Look at me!
  Look at my filthy, nasty fuckhole! Watch me drip for you! Oh, yeah, look at
  my filthy, nasty dildo-stuffed fuckhole!"  
Tears of ecstasy poured from her face as she scampered back and forth, keeping
  the rope taut and dragging the weight behind. The miserable little blonde snuff
  bunny almost danced all over the street, making her flesh quiver and jiggle
  and bounce and wobble obscenely as everyone wailed in laughter at her antics.  
"Look at how my snuff bunny dances for you!" called the blue-eyed Goddess
  through the bullhorn, drowning out the harsh brass music, "Let's hurt her and
  make her suffer for us, everyone! That's what she's here for! It what she wants!
  It's what she need! So let's give it to her! Let's humiliate her and torture
  her and make her cry loud and long with rivers of tears for us! She's not a
  girl! She's a SNUFF BUNNY!"  
Trish wept deeply for joy as she heard herself presented and described for
  the cheering crowd on the sidewalks. It was magnificently true! She needed
  this... needed to suffer and scream and cry and show off her filthy nature
  for them.... anyone... EVERYONE... especially the wonderful, angelic and powerful
  Ms. Donovan, her adored Goddess!  
"Look at me!" the slut shrieked gleefully from side to side, "Look at what
  a nasty, worthless piece of fuckfilth I am! Look at these big, nasty titties!
  Watch them jiggle and bounce! Can you see them bouncing? Oh, please watch them
  dance and show off for you, please? What about my ass? Can you see my ass?
  I try very hard to keep it soft and delicate so it hurts deeply for you when
  it is spanked! Oh, please, I wish someone could spank my worthless, bouncy
  ass! Oh, gawd my pussy is so wet! Look at my juices? Can you see them dripping?
  They are running down my legs! Oh please watch me pull the weight by my asshole!
  It's so degrading! I love being degraded and humiliated for you! Oh, look at
  me, please! Look at me and see what a miserable, filthy piece of girl filth
  I am for you! Am I fun to laugh at? Oh, gawd please look at my filthy body
  and hurt me and humiliate me so I can suffer and cry and jiggle my titties
  and ass for you. Oh, please please please hurt me and degrade me and amuse
  yourself with my body, oh please please! I need it! I need more of it! Oh please,
  I need it all!"  
Trish felt a wet lump strike her face, splattering on her forehead. Startled,
  she opened her mouth, and a small drop of liquid dripped onto her tongue. It
  was an old, rotten piece of cabbage. She squealed with delight, prancing wildly
  as she presented herself for more.  
She got it! Another lump struck her tits, splattering the purple bulges with
  a black, maggot ridden lump of rotten meat. The smell made her wretch, and
  the sickness welled up in her throat. She tilted her head back, and she puked
  like a fountain. The thick, yellow-brown vomit splashed down over her body,
  covering her with her own filth as more lumps of garbage flew at her naked,
  tortured and filth-drenched body. More rotten meat... lumps of piss-soaked
  bread dough... wormy remnants of rotten vegetables. The crowds laughed wildly
  as they hurled garbage the nasty tormented girl in the street.  
Trish licked her lips, swallowing more bits of her vomit and nasty wet bits
  of rotten garbage. Almost immediately she wretched again and spewed, covering
  her bulging titties with a coating of putrid vomit. The smell was making her
  ill, and the degradation only added to her joy. She wailed her ecstasy and
  wiggled harder to make her filthy body quiver for the delight of the screaming
  crowd. Garbage flew at her from all directions, and she grieved for those lumps
  that missed her while celebrating the ones that struck and decorated her with
  an even thicker coating of rotten filth. Everyone cheered and laughed at her
  as she danced and cried and puked over and over for them until her tummy was
  utterly empty. She was dizzy from sickness, from pain, and shame bore down
  heavily on her and she cried and cried and cried some more! She never dreamed
  it could be so intense, so wonderful, so overflowing with agony and ecstasy
  and pain and pleasure and sickness and delight to be this... to be herself
  at last... to be a snuff bunny.  
After some time, the limousine stopped in the middle of the street. Shaking
  with pain and surreal joy, Trish stopped too. She wept deeply, her body covered
  in rotten garbage and puke and other unnamable filth. Her tits throbbed and
  ached and stung as the flesh screamed for a gasp of fresh blood. Her distended
  tummy churned and sloshed as the liquid gorged her like a balloon. Her asshole
  burned and roared with agony, stretched to unreal lengths around the huge ass
  plug that pulled the heavy stone weight. Only her pussy still felt pleasure,
  and the hot, steamy hole pulsed and throbbed around its rubbery guest. The
  aches and throbs and surges of pain in her body blazed in her pussy, and she
  spasmed every few seconds, cumming and cumming and cumming again, over and
  over, time after time until the blonde teen slut quivered and shuddered on
  weak, unsteady legs. Girl cum poured out of her cunt. She drooled heavily and
  her nose ran rivers of girl-snot as yellow dribbles of vomit leaked out of
  her mouth.  
If heaven could exist on Earth, she thought, for a nasty lump of girl filth
  like her, this was sure it. She wept deeply and joyfully, letting the storm
  of pain and happiness and shame and sickness rage around and through her.  
Ms. Donovan climbed out of the sunroof and wriggled over the side of the
  car, still holding the bullhorn. She approached the filth-drenched girl smiling
  in misery. "All right, everyone," she called through the bullhorn, "Before
  we put her away and take her home, we have one more display for you! Who wants
  to see it?"  
A roar of approval rose from the crowd. Trish could barely notice, aware
  only of the torrent of sensations in her own body, and the sweet nearness of
  her beloved Goddess. She smiled and wept, too week to move any more.  
Ms. Donovan pushed the weak, trembling snuff bunny forward roughly, and giggled
  with delight as the girl fell to her knees, then forward at the waist unto
  she lay with her cheek against the asphalt, her back arched, knees wide, and
  her plugged ass held high. The Goddess pulled the weight forward a little,
  and Trish sighed as the pressure in her ass eased slightly. Still, the milk
  in her gut sloshed and slurped back and forth inside her, threatening to finally
  explode out of her. The filthy, tormented girl groaned in misery.  
As Ms. Donovan's guests approached to get a closer look, and the crowds on
  the sidewalk cheered and whistled, the blue-eyed Goddess reached between the
  snuff bunny's quaking legs, grabbled the butt of the dildo, and yanked it out.
  It exited Trish's nasty, steamy fuckhole with a loud, wet 'Shhllorup!'  Again,
  everyone laughed at the sound and watched the young snuff bunny's gaping cunt
  pour out a flood of hot, nasty girl cum that formed a puddle in the street.
  The pale girl juice continued to drip from the empty, forsaken and very lonely
  hole. The slut's twat lips quivered and snapped at the air, trying to grab
  something to fill the void inside her again. The miserable, filthy snuff bunny
  wept again, grieving at being left so empty and needy.  
Ms. Donovan handed the dildo to Rene`, and raised the bullhorn again to address
  the crowd. "Okay, everyone," she said, smiling widely, "Let's have a countdown!" She
  reached down, and grabbed the chain extension to the plug in Trish's bruised
  and filthy ass, holding it taut.  
"Five!"  
The crowd counted with her, as did the other excited naked women with her.  
"Four!"  
"Three!"  
The guests moved back to give the crowd a better look.  
"Two!"  
Trish felt herself tense involuntarily.  
"One!"  
"Zero!"  
With a powerful yank, the naked, big-boobed and blue-eyed blonde Goddess
  jerked the massive plug out of her filth covered snuff bunny's abused asshole.  
'PLURP!'   
Trish shrieked with hellish, blinding agony as the plug exited her body.
  Instantly, the pressure laden milk in her gut spewed like a white hot volcano
  out of her ass! The crowd cheered wildly as the liquid shot out of the helpless
  girl's asshole. It soared in bright white blobs for almost twenty feet, driven
  by pressure, and splashed into the street, puddling and flowing into the cracks.  
The spew continued for several seconds while the crowd roared their delight.
  Trish could only sob and wail in misery as her colon emptied. She wished she
  could see. It must be a beautiful sight... so much milk flying from her ass,
  arching through the air for many feet, and splashing onto the road. She had
  to content herself with feeling the relief in her tummy as her the milk squirted
  out of her ass for many long seconds with everyone cheering and laughing at
  her as they celebrated her misery and filthy, humiliated shame.  
Again, quite against her will, the filthy blonde snuff bunny felt her cunt
  tighten and then flare hotly with pleasure, giving her a final intense cum
  as she felt her guts relax and empty. She wept with joy. This was what she
  needed... what she lived for... and her delight was only deepened by the knowledge
  that such a large crowd of strangers was enjoying her suffering and humiliation.
  She felt deeply fulfilled and blessed to be able to give them an intense and
  misery-drenched show of her flesh and pain and shame and tears. She felt happy
  for them, and even more so for the blue-eyed woman who made it all possible
  by choosing her to entertain them all this night.  
The white stream of milk from Trish's asshole narrowed and slowed until all
  that was left was a dribble of milk from the girl's gaping asshole. Ms. Donovan
  raised the bullhorn again. "Thank you very much, my friends," she said politely
  to the crowd, and more cheering flooded over Trish's consciousness, "you have
  all been so wonderful! I think we have succeeded in putting this piece of girl
  filth in her place. For those of you who know me, you know that I will quite
  probably have another snuff bunny party next month. And, if you are all, very
  lucky, will bring her into town for you to enjoy as well! But for now, thank
  you all, and good night!"  
A final surge of applause rose above the sidewalk, and then the happy, satisfied
  crowd began to disperse.  
Rene` scampered to the car and popped the trunk lid. "Let's get her up," said
  Ms. Donovan, then she set the bullhorn on the ground, pulled Trish upright
  by her hair, then used her tits as handles again to pull the filth-caked slut
  shakily to her feet. With quick, deft movements, she unbound the snuff bunny's
  tits. Trish gasped and quaked unsteadily as blood surged back into her big
  bouncing titties, bring with it hot needles of returning circulation. The girl
  swayed back and forth drunkenly, sobbing and groaning, still adrift in her
  hellish-heaven of suffering.  
Ms. Donovan grabbed the teetering girl by her ears, and forced her to stare
  into her burning blue eyes. As deep as her misery was, Trish gazed deeply into
  those beloved eyes, again worshiping and adoring the woman with her gaze.  
"Well, snuff bunny," said the powerful, naked woman with the blazing blue
  eyes, "I am impressed! You really gave them quite a show! They loved it! And
  so did I!"  
Joy overwhelmed the filthy snuff bunny, and she wept anew as she adored her
  Goddess. "Oh, thank you, thank you," she blubbered, her gratitude and happiness
  very real, "Oh, my Goddess, it was better than I ever dared to dream. I am
  truly lucky and blessed to be your snuff bunny this night. It was heaven! I
  swear it was heaven for me! Oh, my sweet, beautiful Goddess... thank you...
  thank you...."  
The trembling girl continued to bawl like a baby, her joy burning its way
  through her. She fell to her knees, trembling, her big, quickly recovering
  young titties returning to their healthy color. She wept long and deep, pouring
  out her deepest, heartfelt thankfulness to her Goddess, the beautiful, blonde,
  blue-eyed and big titted Ms. Donovan.  
The snuff bunny's Goddess only laughed, having thoroughly enjoyed the parade
  herself. She bent and picked up the filth-covered slug of girl filth, and threw
  her roughly into the trunk. Trish felt herself tumble into the compartment,
  and smiled up at her Goddess one last time before the lid was closed.  
The sun had vanished behind the horizon, leaving only a fading twilight as
  the party of naked girls left the town. Trish wept joyously in the darkness
  of the trunk, fingering her cunt and squeezing her sore, abused titties as
  the group returned to the estate.  
Dancing Bunny   
Trish's head hurt slightly as she felt the car finally slow and turn up a
  rougher road. She guessed that it was the driveway to her beloved Goddess'
  estate. Other cars followed, judging from the sound and they drove along for
  several more minutes before the limousine finally slowed and stopped.  
The filthy teen in the trunk waited, assuming the lid would be popped and
  they would remove her. Instead, she just waited in the darkness, wondering
  what was going on. She heard doors close, then there was silence and darkness.
  The stench of the filth that covered her soft young body made her gag and wretch
  again, though she could no longer vomit as her tummy was empty. The stench
  filled the trunk, intensifying the ache in her head. Still, she waited quietly
  and obediently, until her sweet Goddess was ready to continue using her. It
  couldn't be long, the girl thought, since she had to be snuffed by midnight...
  as per Ms. Donovan's contract.  
She smiled, and felt thrills shoot through her body, tickling her pussy and
  asshole big, meaty tits. That would be the best part, she knew. It would complete
  her service as a snuff bunny. Fantasies churned in her head as she wondered
  how it would happen.  
After several minutes, she heard another door open, and a group of women
  milled around outside the limousine, chattering and giggling. Finally Trish
  heard Ms. Donovan's sweet voice call out. "Thank you, everyone," she said, "Thank
  you for coming. Have a good night, and don't be shy about stopping in later
  this week for a taste of some 'Grade A. There's sure to be plenty leftover."  
Meat!  
Trish smiled at the thought. Meat was good.  
Cars could be heard starting then pulling out over the cobblestones. In a
  few moments, the sound was gone, and again Trish lay in darkness."  
A limousine door opened, and a metallic latch snapped open. The trunk lid
  popped, and Trish looked up into Ms. Donovan's beautiful face again, though
  this time it was darker, silhouetted against the flood lights mounted on the
  building behind her. Trish could not recognize it. It wasn't the estate house,
  though it was plainly of the same architecture. A few moments later, Rene`
  stood my Ms. Donovan's side. They were both still naked, and grinned at the
  girl in the trunk. Trish smiled back.  
"Oh, shit, she stinks!" cried Rene`, holding her nose and turning away, "What
  a filthy piece of fuckmeat!"  
"That's okay," said Ms. Donovan without taking her eyes off of the lovely
  snuff bunny's naked body. Then she reached down, grabbed one of Trish's still-sensitive
  nipples, and pulled up hard, lifting the girl by her nipple. "Get out, you
  filthy little puddle of puke!" she said.  
Trish winced at the wonderful pain as the woman drew her out of the trunk,
  almost hanging her weight by that one nipple. She scrambled clumsily out of
  the trunk, and let her Goddess position her to stand her feet, still wearing
  the pink pumps, though they were now scuffed and caked with drying filth. Her
  fine blonde hair was matted to her head in twisted tangles. Still, she felt
  a bit rested and stronger now, though her bruised and filthy body was still
  sore. Her asshole had closed to it's normal tiny size, and the color had returned
  to her big, jiggling teen titties though they still looked discolored by the
  bruised from her earlier beating.  
Ms. Donovan closed the lid, and spoke to Trish. "The party is over now, little
  snuff bunny," she said, "Rene` and I are all that's left. Do you think you
  can be just as eager and enthusiastic about serving just two women?"  
"Oh, yes! Yes, my sweet Goddess," said Trish excitedly, "I will be a good
  little snuff bunny for you and sweet Lady Rene`. I promise! Please hurt me
  and use me and humiliate me so I can suffer and cry to amuse and entertain
  you... both of you! Will you hurt and degrade me, my sweet Goddess? O please
  hurt me and make me cry for you, please!"  
"Maybe we should wash her first," sneered Rene`.  
Ms. Donovan laughed, amused at her companion's disgust at the filth-covered
  young girl. "Not quite yet," she said, "I still have a few needs I want to
  use her for."  
"It's getting late," Rene` pointed out, "It's past sunset, and the slut has
  to be snuffed by midnight!"  
"Don't worry," said Ms. Donovan, still smiling, "She'll be well snuffed in
  time. But for now, let's get her back behind the old stable. I promise, Rene`,
  this will be fun!"  
With that, the blue eyed Goddess reached up and grabbed the filthy young
  snuff bunny's tiny nipple, shook the titflesh by it just for fun, then pulled,
  leading Trish around the limousine and down a lighted path toward some trees
  and some building just beyond those. Trish sighed deeply, feeling delighted
  that the woman had chosen yet again to bless her by leading around by the nipple.
  After several steps, Rene` appeared again beside the filthy girl and seized
  the other nipple. Almost squealing with childlike glee, Trish allowed the two
  beautiful women to lead her forward by her nipples. Giddy with anticipation,
  she followed whatever direction they pulled her tiny little nipples in. She
  didn't care where they were going.  
The path continued on for several dozen yards, past the trees and then into
  a lighted circle surrounded by a high wire fence. Lights on tall poles illuminated
  the grassy arena. At one end stood a long, low building with wide doors facing
  them. It must have been a stable, Trish though, judging from the stink, though
  there was no noise coming from inside. Just for a moment, she imagined her
  Goddess riding naked and bareback on a beautiful white stallion. The prancing
  ride would make Ms. Donovan's beautiful big tits and curvy ass jiggle and bounce
  up and down as she rode up and down the trail. But the fantasy passed. She
  would never know.  
"Stay here with the snuff bunny, Rene`" the Goddess said after they stopped
  in the middle of the arena, "I'll be right back." Both women released Trish's
  nipples, letting the loose titflesh wobble and bounce back into place. The
  snuff bunny felt almost disappointed, as she loved it when her titties were
  used as leashes to pull her around.  
Ms. Donovan trotted through the door of the stable, and Trish watched lustfully
  as the woman's round firm ass cheeks bounced playfully with each step.  
The woman was only in the building for a moment before she emerged and trotted
  back to the Rene` and the filthy snuff bunny. In her left hand, she held two
  long slender horsewhips with frayed ends. Her other hand held three thick black
  dildos of varying sizes. "Who wants their pussy stuffed?" she chortled happily.  
"I do, of course," said Rene`, "But I think I need the smallest one. It's
  been a while since I masturbated with a dildo."  
Ms. Donovan smiled and handed her companion the shortest and slenderest of
  the dildos, though it still looked to Trish to be of pretty good size.  
Ms. Donovan then gave the smaller of the remaining two to her snuff bunny. "I
  want the big one for myself," she said, then laughed like a wicked little girl.
  Trish and Rene` giggled as well, enjoying the woman's playful mood.  
"Okay," said the big titted woman, her fiery blue eyes sparkling in the artificial
  light, "Stuff those holes! Let's give our pussies something to grab on to."  
Everyone laughed again, then both Ms. Donovan and Rene` squatted slightly
  and put the dildos to their neatly trimmed cunts. Trish did the same, and all
  three women sighed with pleasure as the toys slid easily up into their steamy
  wet cunts. Trish savored the feeling of the thick dildo slipping deeply into
  her cunt. It wasn't as big as the one she wore in the parade, but it was still
  plenty to satisfy her need to feel full.  
"Mmmm..." moaned Ms. Donovan, swaying back and forth as if in a dream, "Oh,
  that feels so good. My pussy is so wet I could probably cum right now if I
  wanted. But I think I'll save it for now."  
Rene` shuddered as her cunt sucked the dildo into her. "Oh, gawd," she said, "I
  forgot how much I missed this!" Leaving the dildo buried in her twat, she lifted
  her fingers to her mouth and licked the juices from them.  
Trish slipped her dildo easily into her fuckhole, but only stood up and smiled
  at her Goddess. Ms. Donovan looked puzzled. "Doesn't it feel good, snuff bunny?" she
  asked.  
"Oh, yes," answered Trish, "It's wonderful, and so generous of you to let
  your snuff bunny fill her pussy with such a beautiful dildo. But I am not here
  for my pleasure, my Goddess. I am here for yours, and the only delight I want
  is to know you are enjoying yourself with your snuff bunny."  
"Oh, I see," said Ms. Donovan, "but it's okay. I want my snuff bunny to cum
  as often and as hard as she can manage the rest of the night. After all, it's
  her last chance."  
"Yes, my Goddess," said Trish sweetly, "and thank you for allowing your snuff
  bunny this privilege."  
Ms. Donovan laughed again, and handed Rene` one of the long horsewhips. Then
  she moved around the filthy snuff bunny, and she and Rene` both stood several
  yards apart with Trish about halfway between them. Feeling excited and really
  horny, the snuff bunny reached between her slightly parted legs and began to
  slowly slide the dildo in and out of her steamy, oily cunt. She moaned slightly
  as she smiled first at Rene`, then at her beloved Goddess. She noted the thick
  dildos held deep in the women's twats, and the visions excited her further.  
"All right, snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, holding the dildo deep with her
  left hand and the horsewhip high in her right, "I want you to start running
  in a circle between Rene` and myself, but be sure to not come within about
  four feet of us. Use one hand to fuck your cunt, and the other to bounce and
  slap those sweet teenie titties! As you run, take short, quick steps and lift
  your knees high. Keep moving no matter what happens, until I tell you to stop.
  Do you understand?"  
Trish felt her pussy quickly begin to warm up and throb around the dildo,
  and she quickened the pace at which she fucked herself. "Yes, my Goddess," she
  said with a smile, "I know the pony dance. I feel very lucky to be able to
  do it for you. I hope you enjoy it!"  
Rene` laughed, and cut the air with a swift swing of her whip. The sound
  made Trish shudder with apprehension, knowing what was about to happen. Her
  pussy began pouring hot girl juice, and she fucked herself harder.  
Ms. Donovan and Rene` both parted their thighs, and began sliding their dildos
  in and out of their hot pussies. "Get going, snuff bunny!" the blonde woman
  commanded with an evil grin.  
Still fucking her pussy as hard and fast as she could, Trish lifted her other
  hand to her tits and began squeezing and pulling at them, enjoying the way
  they smarted as she put pressure on the bluish-purple bruises. Then she began
  doing as commanded, running around in a circle counter clockwise between the
  two masturbating women. She lifted her knees high between each short prancing
  step. The movement made her entire young body quiver and jiggle, especially
  her ass cheeks. Her free hand slapped and pulled at her big bouncing titties,
  and she smiled. She knew she was putting on a nasty, degrading show for her
  Goddess and lovely Rene`. She fucked her nasty, steamy cunt faster and faster
  as she danced and pranced and bounced and jiggled to entertain the two women.  
Crack!   
"Youch!" cried the filthy dancing girl as she passed Ms. Donovan and received
  a sharp snap of the whip on her bouncing ass cheeks. Tears sprang from her
  eyes, and she danced faster. The dildo slid in and out of the hot, oily hole
  between her legs, making a 'squish splush
  flurp plup'  noise.  
"Oh, thank you, my Goddess," the nasty, filth-encrusted snuff bunny said
  between sobs, "Oh yes, hurt your nasty snuff bunny! Make me cry! Make me suffer
  pain and shame for you, please, my Goddess, please!"  
Thwack!   
The stroke came from Rene's whip, and both women laughed as Trish nearly
  stumbled. The slut kept her feet however, and continued her bouncing, jiggling
  pony dance as she cried and wailed in blessed misery.  
"Arrgghoooh, fuck! Oh, thank you, Lady Rene`! Whip me! Whip your snuff bunny
  hard! Both of you! Oh please... please... punish my nasty, worthless body for
  your pleasure, please! Let me suffer for you, please! Whip this filthy slut
  body!"  
The women with the whips masturbated furiously as the watched Trish pony
  prance between them, laughing at her filthy, jiggling girl flesh and the red
  strips that quickly rose on the bouncy ass bunz.  
Snap!    
"Agggh! Oh yes thank you, my Goddess, thank you!"  
Trish continued her prancing dance in a circle between the two women, crying
  and sniffling and fucking cunt with savage abandon... 'squish
  splish plurphlup schlurp plurp...'   
Shwack!   
"Ahh-howech! Oh gawd thank you Lady Rene` thank you! Oh please whip me! Whip
  this miserable snuff bunny!"  
More prancing... jiggling... crying... and wild dildo stuffing.... 'plurp
      plorp flurp shplurp....'   
The two whip-wielding women laughed and brutally assailed their dripping
  fuckholes with the dildos as they whipped their beautiful dancing, prancing
  snuff bunny.  
Scrack!    
"Ohhh... howch oh gawd yes whip me! Beat me hard and fast! Make it hurt!"  
'squish squish squish...'   
Trish became lost in her wild dance, arching her back and keeping her ass
  muscles loose to increase the effect. Ms. Donovan and Rene` fucked their cunts
  faster... harder... deeper as they laughed at the jiggling mass of dancing
  slutflesh that was their eager and willing target!  
Fwack!    
"Owwwech! O more... more... MORE! O please whip me more please!"  
Bouncy bouncy jiggle-jiggle-jiggle... 'splish...
      splup... plurp...'   
"Oh, gawd, Marsha... look at all that wonderful girl meat! Oh, my gawd oh
  fuck I'm cumming!"  
Crack!   
"AAAARRRRGGGHHH!"  
Over and over, Trish felt the stiff horsewhips fall on her ass bunz, her
  tummy, her thighs, back, and especially her tits. A few strokes even licked
  between her legs to sting her glistening wet cunt lips. She slapped and pulled
  at her soft, massive mounds of titmeat as she pistoned her girl-cum-gushing
  pussy faster and harder then ever with the dildo. The filthy, beautiful young
  snuff bunny wailed in joy, lost in a hurricane of pleasure and agony and misery
  and deep, searing ecstasy. She could feel her soft young flesh quiver and bounce
  and jiggle as she danced, and eagerly surrendered herself the intense, biting
  sting of t he horsewhips, crying and sobbing and dancing and praying the moment
  would never end.  
At last she could continue no further. The young blonde girl collapsed to
  her knees, legs spread wide. Her body spasmed and quaked as she continued the
  hellish assault on her greedy fuckhole.  
"Oh, my gaw... oh fuck me fuck me I'm cumming I'm cumming I'm cummi... oh
  shit my cunt my cu... Owhech oh fuck me fuck me fuck my pussy oh gawwwwwwwed!"  
Lost as she was in the intense, gut-wrenching orgasm, Trish was unaware that
  Ms. Donovan and Rene` had tossed the whips aside and waddled up to her. Keeping
  their legs spread as wide as they could and squatting with their hips thrust
  forward in a rudimentary aim, they both yanked the dildos out of their pussies.
  Pulling their cunt lips wide to expose their holes, they shuddered and quivered.
  Almost in unison, they came with blinding intensity. Their boiling hot pussies
  tightened, spasmed, and each squirted a thick, hot, steamy blob of girl cum
  that splashed like warm oil on the filthy, orgasmic snuff bunny's lovely young
  face and bouncing titties.  
Splash! Splat!   
Trish felt the warm liquid splatter on her lips and lips and chin. Some of
  it landed in her open, drooling mouth. As tidal wave after tidal wave of brutal
  ecstasy surged through her like a bolt of lightning, she slurped and licked
  the tart, pale girl cum. It's taste served to deepen and intensify her own
  orgasm, and her hairless cunt spewed a pulsing stream of steamy pale girl cum
  out around her dildo, splashing and slurping obscenely as she continued fucking
  the nasty pink hole that so eagerly and desperately embraced the dildo.  
At last the white-hot surges of pleasure subsided. Trish rocked back and
  forth, sobbing and dizzy and sorry the boiling, churning orgasm had finally
  ended. She looked up through tear filled eyes and saw her beautiful, beloved
  Goddess, and lovely Rene` both standing over her, panting hard. Their legs
  were still spread wide, and twat nectar still leaked from their throbbing,
  pulsing pussy mounds. Their stiff clits still stuck out like little fingers,
  twitching and quivering visibly.  
"Wow, little snuff bunny!" said Ms. Donovan between breathy pants, "You are
  one hot, horny, nasty and eager little slut!"  
"No kidding," said Rene` and the redhead laughed like a little girl, "That
  was the most fun I've had in months!"  
Trish smiled, feeling humble and blessed by their praise. She breathed heavily
  and deeply, causing her lovely young tits to rise and fall on her chest. Her
  pussy still throbbed as it pushed the well-used dildo out of her. It fell out
  of her cunt with a slight 'sssllrup'  sound,
  and fell into the grass below, lying in a small, steamy puddle of pussy juice.
  She shuddered and trembled, weak from the fiery orgasm. Tears poured down her
  young face as she gazed up at the two women.  
"Oh sweet Goddess... sweet Lady Rene`...." The words came only with controlled
  effort. "Oh that was so wonderful for this filthy slut. I don't deserve it...
  I could never deserve it... but you gave it... you blessed this worthless lump
  of girl filth by allowing her to cum harder and deeper and sweeter than ever
  before. This snuff bunny is happy... truly happy... my Goddess... and it's
  such a wonderful privilege... a beautiful blessing... to surrender myself to
  you and suffer for you and cum for you... I'm in heaven, my Goddess... you
  have put me in heaven... in heaven." She broke down into uncontrollable sobbing
  and leaned forward. She covered their feet with soft, tender kisses, pouring
  out her love and devotion to the Goddess and lovely Lady Rene`... showering
  her gratitude upon them and feel deeply, fully, and completely fulfilled to
  do it.  
As the shivering, filthy snuff bunny continued to worship the two women at
  their feet, Rene` looked up at Ms. Donovan. The two smiled at each other.  
"Well, Marsha," said Rene`, "It's getting late. What will we do with her
  now?  
The blue-eyed Goddess looked at the adoring snuff bunny, then back up at
  Rene`, and grinned wickedly. "Dinner time," she said.  
Last Gifts   
Trish had a wide, satisfied smile on her face as she walked groggily behind
  the other two naked women. As always, they pulled her along by her nipples.
  She didn't care where they were taking her or what they planned to do with
  her. She just felt grateful to be here with them... to be here for them...
  to give herself to them like the good little snuff bunny she was.  
Ms. Donovan and Rene` giggled to themselves as they pulled the young filthy
  girl along by her nipples. Trish smiled, happy that her Goddess and Rene` were
  having a good time with her. She liked the feel of her big, filthy titties
  as the stretched them out from her chest, shaking them slightly to make them
  wobble and bounce happily. She considered doing the pony dance as she was led
  along, just to give these two wonderful women something to enjoy. But, as she
  was still wearing her pink pumps it would be clumsy and she might fall, delaying
  their pleasure. Besides, midnight was approaching and the contract had to be
  fulfilled by then. Still, it felt so comforting to be in the Ms. Donovan's
  hands and Trish knew those slender, elegant hands would soon do their duty.  
The two older women led their pretty blonde snuff bunny behind the main house
  and onto the red brick patio in the center of the well-manicured yard. The
  outdoor furniture had been folded up and removed from the patio, though it
  was still well illuminated by bright outdoor lights mounted on tall antique
  streetlamp poles. A green garden hose lay coiled up on it with one end running
  to a sprinkler valve just next to the hedge. Beside the valve stood an orange
  five-gallon plastic pail with a red handle.  
The three stepped up onto a brick walkway that ran from the patio to the
  sliding glass back door of the house, and further out beyond the patio to a
  smaller building that appeared to be of frame construction with common white
  siding. The building had a number of small windows, but only one wide door.
  Bright lights beamed from inside the building. Around them, Trish could only
  see the hedges, the well-trimmed grass, and the starlit darkness of the deepening
  night.  
Ms. Donovan and Rene` led the snuff bunny up onto the round patio, and stopped
  in the center. The blue-eyed Goddess turned to Trish as she and Rene' released
  the girl's nipples. The big, nasty titties jiggled back into place on the blonde
  teen's shapely chest. She smiled at the snuff bunny. "Wait here," she commanded,
  and Trish smiled back, nodding to indicate that she would obey.  
While Ms. Donovan uncoiled the loose end of the hose, Rene' went over to
  the valve and turned the valve. It emitted a loud 'squeak', and a powerful
  stream of clear water shot from the hose. Trish had just a moment to notice
  Rene` picking up the pail before Ms. Donovan aimed the hose at her, put her
  finger over the end to create a narrow spray, and began squirting the snuff
  bunny's filthy young body.  
The water was sharply cold, and Trish gasped as the stream struck her tits
  and face. The stream moved up and down her body, drenching her from head to
  and chilling her. She began to shiver, but did not move or try to get out of
  the way of the water. The powerful stream battered her big titties, tummy,
  legs, and her face as well, making it even more difficult for the nasty girl
  to breathe. Goose bumps formed all over her body, and her nipples hardened
  and shrank. The force of the stream was enough to shoot into the cleft between
  her legs, stinging her pussy lips. She felt her young pussy tighten in response
  until it almost ached. The stream also hammered at her erect little love-button
  so hard it hurt.  
"Raise your arms over your head," ordered Ms. Donovan, "and start turning
  around in place. Don't stop until I tell you to."  
Trish heard the words, and immediately obeyed. With her arms held high, her
  young body was even more exposed to the stream, and turning in place slowly,
  teetering in her pumps from the force of the stream, made every inch her available
  for her Goddess to spray. The stream stung her thighs, back, and quivering
  bottom. Several times, the water forced its way between her round ass cheeks
  to splatter against her tight butt hole. Several well-aimed squirts hit the
  hole dead center, and Trish felt the bitter cold water shoot up her ass.  
For several minutes she turned, shaking and shivering violently, fighting
  the urge to run away and seek dry warmth. Ms. Donovan laughed as she sprayed
  the lovely, big-titted blonde teen. The sweet music of the Goddess' giggles
  as snickers encouraged Trish. As tormented as the blonde snuff bunny felt as
  the water sucked the heat from her flesh, she felt more determined than ever
  to endure it for Ms. Donovan's sake.  
As the water continued to drench Trish's trembling, goose-pimply flesh, the
  filth that covered her began to stream off of her. Her blonde hair hung in
  tangled dreadlocks around her head, slowly giving up the nasty globs of vomit
  and garbage that defiled the fine blonde tangles.  
Suddenly, Ms. Donovan lowered the hose, and sprayed the patio around Trish's
  feet, washing away the dirty brown puddle that had formed. Then she took her
  finger off the nozzle of the hose, letting the water flow freely. "Stop turning," she
  said to Trish, and the blonde teen girl completed her last twirl to face her
  Goddess. She expected a command to lower her arms, but it didn't come.  
Rene` stepped up to the teen girl and set down the bucket. Looking down,
  Trish could see that it was filled with sudsy water. The naked redhead reached
  into the bucket of soapy water, plunged her hand beyond the froth, and lifted
  out a large sponge laden with the sweet-smelling soap. The girl gasped again
  as the woman slopped the sponge against her big, jiggling titties. The heavy
  sponge slopped against the snuff bunny's boobs, splashing cold soap that covered
  the teens torso. Without a hint of gentleness, the redhead began scrubbing
  Trish's sore, bruised titties, then her shoulders and her entire chest, scrubbing
  away the nasty filth that still clung to the young girl's pink skin.  
"Keep turning," said the pretty naked redhead as she slopped the soap all
  over Trish's body, "but slowly so I can wash you good. We have to hurry. Time
  is getting short."  
With her body shivering violently to protest the cold, Trish began to slowly
  rotate in place again with her hands still held high over her head. She kept
  her eyes closed to keep the splashing soap from blinding her. As she turned
  round and round, she felt Rene` slopping the cold water onto her from head
  to toe. The water was heavy with perfumed soap that smelled of lilacs.  
Rene` scrubbed the snuff bunny's entire body; tits, tummy, back, ass, the
  long sleek legs, and even her face and hair. The sponge felt a bit scratchy
  to Trish, but it wasn't bad. The young blonde felt grateful to be free of the
  filth. Several splashes of soapy water shot up her nose, stinging her sinuses
  and forcing her to gag and blow it back out. She heard Rene` and Ms. Donovan
  snicker at it, and felt glad they enjoyed this additional tiny withering of
  her few remaining crumbs of dignity.  
"Stop turning," said Rene` after several minutes, "and spread your legs so
  I can scrub your cunt." Trish complied, and stood slightly squatting with her
  thighs parted wide to expose her hairless pussy. The redhead dunked the sponge
  in the bucket again, and slopped a fresh soaking of suds between the teen slut's
  legs. The force of the splash squeezed a few globs of the bitter cold soapy
  water up her fuckhole, chilling her further from the inside out. Then Rene`
  began a brutal scrubbing of the girl's vulva. Shivering as she stood there,
  Trish felt surprised to feel her cunt responding to the novel stimulation.
  She panted and felt herself shudder violently, and a powerful cum erupted from
  her cunt, sending powerful bolts of searing ecstasy surging throughout her
  young body. "Nnnngggrrrhhhg!" she grunted as her body quaked uncontrollably,
  and she almost lost her balance and collapsed. But as quickly as it came, the
  orgasm vanished, and she struggled with all her strength to remain upright.
  The shaking caused all of her fleshy girl parts to quiver obscenely. The bruised
  titties wobbled from side to side in a kind of slutty dance it seemed, and
  her ass jiggled and bounced as she alternately tightened and loosened her butt
  muscles.  
"Ha ha ha!" said Rene`, scrubbing harder at the girl's twat, "Did you see
  that, Marsha? The little slut came for us! She is a hopelessly nasty piece
  of pussy, isn't she?"  
"Yes, she is," said Trish's Goddess with a wicked giggle, "and she likes
  to put on a show for us. Isn't that right, snuff bunny?"  
Trish opened her eyes and smiled at the angelic woman that abused and degraded
  her so sweetly. "Y... yes... m... umm... my g... g... Goddess," she stammered,
  barely able to force the words out past her chattering teeth, "I... I want
  to p... put on a good sh... sh... show for you so you c... can enjoy your sn...
  snuff bunny's suffering like you d... deserve."  
Both Ms. Donovan and Rene` laughed mockingly at Trish's exhortations, and
  the blonde girl felt a warm glow spread through her despite the cold that chilled
  her bones and quivering, jiggling girl flesh. She felt so happy for them, and
  hoped they would enjoy every remaining moment that remained of the contract.
  She knew, of course, that they would probably enjoy her for several days yet,
  though she would not be aware of it. She wished silently that she could see
  it... to watch them enjoy her final gifts. As it was, she could only imagine
  it, and felt sad that their amusement with her would eventually end.  
"Turn around and bend over," said Rene`, pulling the sponge away from the
  blonde girl's crotch, "Then turn around, squat slightly like you are doing
  now, and use your hands to hold your ass cheeks apart."  
"Yes, Ma`am," replied the shivering young girl, and she slid her shoes over
  the bricks, keeping her legs spread as she turned her ass to the redheaded
  woman. She bent until her soap-covered titties hung almost straight down from
  her chest, swaying from side to side as the suds dropped in white blobs from
  them to plop onto the patio bricks. She swung her hands around to her butt,
  seized her round, meaty ass cheeks, and pulled them apart to expose her tightly
  puckered asshole. The dark pink rosebud protruded slightly out, pulsing and
  throbbing visibly.  
Trish took another deep breath as she felt the splash of cold soapy water
  splash on her ass and run down her crack, flowing over her sensitive asshole
  and further to her cunt, where the suds collected into cold, frothy blobs and
  dripped from her twat lips. Then the slightly rough, slippery caress of the
  sponge as Rene` scrubbed up and down the young girl's ass crack. Another surge
  of pleasure coursed through the blonde snuff bunny's body, like long hot tendrils
  of delight that sparkled along her nerves, focused on her celebrating asshole.
  She let her body quiver and shake with the electricity of her orgasm, and could
  feel her soft, bruised young titties wobble and shake as they joined her asshole
  and cunt in a degrading festival of quivering, jiggling girl meat. Again, she
  heard the women laughing at her and making filthy comments about her.  
At last, the redhead withdrew the sponge and dropped into the bucket, which
  she then picked up by the handle and carried it as she stepped back away from
  the young blonde girl. "Stand up, slut!" commanded Ms. Donovan, and immediately
  Trish stood up straight and turned to face her Goddess. "Lift you hands up
  high again," continued the powerful blue-eyed woman, "and turn in place again
  like before." Trish smiled wide as she raised her arms up and began slowly
  rotating in place in a kind of clumsy dance. From the corner of her eye, she
  saw Ms. Donovan cover the flow from the hose again, forcing the water to pressurize
  and begin shoot out in a narrow spray again.  
The naked, shivering snuff bunny gasped as the frigid water struck her body.
  The spray washed away the suds that still clung to her, rinsing her from the
  head down. After a minute or two of shivering as she was hosed down with ice-cold
  water, Trish felt the cruel spray move away from her body, leaving her clean
  and wet and numb from the chill. "You can let your arms down now and stop turning," said
  Ms. Donovan as she dropped the still-running hose. The young girl did so, and
  stood before her, trembling and shivering, covered in goose bumps but without
  a single trace of the filth that covered her minutes before. Her nipples had
  hardened into little pink marbles, centered upon shrunken, wrinkled aureoles
  that crowned the shimmering wet teen titties. The woman turned and nodded to
  Rene`, who had set the bucket down next to the water valve where it was when
  they arrived. Rene` turned valve handle, and the hose stopped spewing water.
  Trish smiled at each of them from behind the dripping tangles of blonde hair
  that hung in odd angles over her face. She shivered, making her jiggling girl
  flesh shimmer in the light from the tall posts, and smile sweetly. She felt
  much better... cleaner... and despite the chill, she sensed a new energy and
  eagerness to surrender herself to the two women for another round of torture,
  abuse, and delightful misery for them to enjoy.  
The two women approached the trembling wet girl roughly manhandled her around
  toward the building behind her at the end of the walkway. Stepping in front
  of her, the again grabbed and pinched her cold, hard nipples. Trish gasped
  as they twisted the rubbery nubs and laughed at her again, and arched her back
  to welcome the familiar sparks of torment. "Let's go," said Ms. Donovan, and
  the two women tugged her nipples, stretching the bruised teen milk-bags again
  and forcing her to follow. She resisted just slightly to force the tugging
  fingers to stretch the sensitive tit meat painfully, and hoped that the women
  enjoyed seeing the tender tit flesh pulled taut. Their smiles and giggles as
  they glanced at her reassured her that the ruse was working. That made her
  feel happier, and she let the pain flow through her so that she could feel
  every twinge and suffer even more deeply for her tormenters.  
The young girl trembled and shivered as she was led along the brick path
  to the building. They stopped only for a moment as Ms. Donovan opened the door.
  Light flooded through the opening, and they continued inside. Once they were
  all over the threshold, the blonde Goddess closed the door again with a dull,
  metallic 'thud.'  
The room they were in was wide and square, but had only plain white walls
  and ceiling, although the pink and white tiled floor shined with an almost
  mirror-like polished finish. The only items in the room were a tall wooden
  cabinet with six wide doors, and it was painted a faded yellow. Beside it stood
  a collection of rakes, hoes, and other garden tools, and also a large electric
  heater. The room was cool, but not as cold as the air outside, and Trish trembled
  a little less vigorously.  
One small window looked out on the yard outside from the same wall as the
  entry door, and two more on the side toward the hedge. All three were covered
  with thin, tattered yellow curtains. The far wall had a arched opening that
  led to a brightly lit room beyond. Through the opening, Trish could see only
  a long, pale yellow counter with many doors, a pink granite-patterned Formica
  top, and a sunken white sink with a tall faucet. She could also see the edge
  of what looked like a heavy unpolished wood table with blotches of some kind
  of stain.  
The two women positioned the young snuff bunny in the middle of the room,
  and Ms. Donovan commanded her to remain still. Then she went to the cabinet
  and opened the doors while Rene` dragged the heater close. The redhead made
  sure the heater was plugged into the wall beside the cabinet, then turned in
  on. It immediately glowed red, and Trish could feel her wet, trembling body
  immediately feel the heat flow over her body. She sighed with pleasure as she
  soaked up the warmth.  
Ms. Donovan closed the door of the cabinet, and returned, shaking out straight
  two huge, thick, fluffy blue towels. She handed one to Rene`, and the two women
  began using them to pat Trish's wet skin dry.  
Trish surrendered to their attentions, letting them soak up the moisture
  that covered her skin. As the water vanished from her flesh, she could feel
  the warmth from the heater pour into her much easier and faster, until she
  ceased to shiver.  
Rene` then toweled the young girls hair vigorously while Ms. Donovan stooped
  down to dry Trish's hairless pussy mound and the cleft between her ass cheeks.
  With the snuff bunny now completely dry except for her hair, the blue-eyed
  Goddess returned to the cabinet, tossed the towel up on top, then opened the
  door and removed a wooded hair brush, a long extension cord, and a dark blue
  blow drier. She plugged the cord into the wall, then stretched it out straight
  until she stood close to Trish again, then she plugged in the drier and turned
  it on. It made a loud whining noise as it blue a steady stream of hot air,
  which the naked blonde snuff bunny welcomed as it flowed over her skin, warming
  her faster. She felt almost comfortable now... and a little sad because she
  had ceased to suffer as intensely for the two women.  
Rene` stopped toweling the girl's damp hair and tossed the second towel aside.
  Then she took the brush from Ms. Donovan. Together, the two women dried and
  brushed the young blonde slut's fine hair for long minutes. Trish could feel
  the brush tugging as it tore through tiny tangles to straight the remaining
  hair, but that was okay... as long as her Goddess was doing it.  
After about ten minutes, Ms. Donovan shut off the drier, and both women stood
  back. The young girl stood before them clean and semi-groomed now. Even the
  bruises from her earlier beatings looked less imposing. The young girl flesh
  glowed pink and the mane of fine blonde hair shined as it neatly framed the
  snuff bunny's sweet smiling face. The girl's beloved Goddess smiled as she
  admired the tender teenage body. "Now, isn't that a fine piece of girl meat," she
  said, more as a rhetorical statement than a question.  
"Yes, she is," said Rene` as she gazed at Trish's body, idly stroking her
  own pale brown tummy and hips, "Mmmmmmmmm... I just love those big, beautiful
  tits and meaty white thighs."  
"What about that ass?" asked Ms. Donovan, gently squeezing her own boobs, "and
  that pussy looks so yummy!"  
Trish smiled and hung her head in humble respect. "I am very happy that my
  Goddess and Lady Rene` find pleasure in looking at my body," she said, "but
  it is getting late. Are you not going to fulfill the WPI contract?"  
The two women laughed like wicked, cackling witches. &quot;Well of course
  we are, little snuff bunny," she said, and both women approached, put their
  hands on Trish's shoulders, and gently turned her toward the arched door, "but
  you are right. We should hurry." Gently, the pushed her forward, and Trish
  did not resist as they urged her through the arch into the next room.  
Once through the opening, Trish could see that the room resembled a large
  kitchen, although there was no stove. A rack of wide, empty pans stood against
  the far wall next to the one small, yellow-curtained window. On the wall she
  didn't see before stood the two doors of a large walk-in cooler like she had
  seen in restaurants. Between those doors, hanging from a small nail, there
  was a large plain black and white kitchen clock with large numbers. Trish read
  the hands... 11:02 PM.  
The heavy wooden table, which looked to be about eight feet long and four
  feet wide, had a very thick, tightly planked top, and one end stood on thick
  legs a little longer than those at the other end, giving the table a visible
  tilt. The brown stains were blotched all together in the middle, with narrow
  runners that extended to the low end.  
The two women stood their snuff bunny beside the table. Ms. Donovan smiled
  at the young blonde girl and patted the tabletop. "Sit up here, little slut," she
  said, "and we will prepare you."  
"Yes, my Goddess," said Trish with an easy smile, and she turned and hopped
  up onto the table with a slight jump, which made her firm round boobs bounce
  merrily. She sat still, holding her back straight and her thighs widely splayed
  to display her bald twat to their view.  
The two women laughed with easy delight at the way the blonde teen's flesh
  jiggled and quivered for them, continuing the show while they continued to
  enjoy it. Then Rene` bent and removed the pink pumps from Trish's small, dainty
  feet and set them on the floor beside the arch entry.  
Ms. Donovan went to the counter, pulled open a drawer and lifted out a small
  black box, then set the box on the counter. Slowly, she opened the box, reached
  inside, and removed a small hypodermic needle already filled to the halfway
  mark with a clear, yellow-green fluid. She took the cap of the needle, and
  carefully held it as she returned to Trish, grinning like a little girl who
  had just stolen the keys to the candy store. Rene` also returned and stood
  next to the young blonde girl. She was also smiling.  
"Turn around and bend your neck down," Ms. Donovan ordered the young blonde
  snuff bunny, "I have to inject this into your spine just below your neck."  
Trish shuffled around and complied, exposing the gentle curve where her neck
  met her shoulders. She felt confused, wondering what was going on. "What is
  it, my Goddess?" she asked.  
"It's a pain blocker," said the woman with the fiery blue eyes, and she felt
  the back of the girl's neck, probing for just the right spot to inject the
  serum, "We are going to claim your last gifts, and we have to use this to prevent
  the pain from sending you into shock."  
"No pain?" whined the sweet young blonde snuff bunny, "Awwwww, that means
  I won't get to suffer for you." Her voice sounded genuinely sad and disappointed.  
"No," said Rene`, "but it does mean you will be around longer while we butcher
  and gut you. And you will be able to watch it all."  
"And you will still be able to feel it all," added Ms. Donovan, "Your body
  and brain just won't interpret the sensations as pain, so you won't go into
  shock." That comforted Trish, and she held still while the blue-eyed Goddess
  found the exact spot on the back of her neck she was seeking. The young girl
  felt a tiny pinprick, which made her wince, then soft warmth slowly grew in
  her body, seeming to pool in her pussy and playfully tickle her asshole. The
  throbbing bruises in her battered tits ceased to ache, and she moaned as delicate,
  gentle waves of pleasure flowed into the firm young juggs and spread into the
  rest of her flesh.  
Ms. Donovan pulled the needle out. The syringe was now empty. "Okay!" she
  said without concealing her eagerness, "Let's get started! Rene`, help turn
  and lay on the table. Give her the pillow roll to raise he head so she can
  watch.  
"You got it, Marsha," said the redhead almost gleefully, and she moved around
  to the other side of the table. She put her hands firmly on Trish's smooth
  shoulders and gently twisted, urging her to turn and lay back with her head
  at the raised end of the table. After spreading the snuff bunny's long legs
  to open up her twat and extending her arms out to the side, she reached into
  a compartment under the table that Trish could not see. From there, the redhead
  pulled up a small round pillow, lifted the young girl's head, and put it under
  her neck. Trish could now look over the tops of her massive teen titties and
  see her entire body spread-eagled on the table. She smile at Rene`, and knew
  that the apex of her life had finally come. And she was ready.  
Ms. Donovan returned holding four long strips of thick, flexible canvas in
  one hand, and a long, thick, pinkish colored dildo in the other, which she
  handed to Rene`. "You go to work on her pussy, dear," she said with an easy,
  friendly authority, "I will tie her off."  
Rene` smiled and moved along the table until she stood staring straight down
  and the young blonde girl's lovely shaved twat. She winked at Trish, breathed
  deep and gave each of her soft, pale brown boobs a vicious squeeze. Trish winked
  back, and lifted her hips slightly, offering her exposed cunt to the beautiful
  redhead.  
Rene` wasted no more time. She lowered the dildo between the young girl's
  meaty thighs, aimed the tip at the glistening pink cunt lips, and gently worked
  the head of the dildo between them until it rested against the opening of her
  tight fuckhole. She applied gentle pressure. Trish sighed with pleasure as
  her pussy hole was gently stretched around the invader, welcoming it as it
  slid easily into her warm wet depths. The young girl relished the sensation
  as Rene` began slowly sliding the toy in and out of her steamy pussy. She even
  started to gently roll and grind her hips in response to the delightful throbbing
  as Rene` slowly fucked her.  
"Try not to move, snuff bunny," ordered Ms. Donovan, "For this next part
  you have to be very still or the moment could be spoiled for us and for you.
  But you can cum whenever and as often as you like."  
"Yes, my Goddess," said Trish, her voice heavy with pleasure. She held herself
  still and just let the pumping, pulsing sensation in her cunt build and spread.  
Ms. Donovan then lay the strips flat on Trish's belly, took one of the short
  ones, and wrapped it around the young girl's right arm as close as she could
  to the shoulder. "Why do you keep calling me that," she asked the beautiful
  young teen snuff bunny, "I'm not a goddess, and I have been pretty brutal to
  you all night. One would think you would hate me at this point, and I am truly
  amazed that Rene` and I don't have to tie you down and listen to you beg for
  your life."  
Still swimming in her warm pool of pleasure, Trish looked up at the woman
  as Ms. Donovan cinched the strap as tight as it would go, cutting off blood
  flow to Trish's right arm. "But... I am your snuff bunny," she said, her voice
  full of respect and humble reassurance, "It's my duty to give myself to you
  so you can have fun with my body... to obey you totally so you can amuse yourself
  with my suffering and shame. You are all I have left in the world, and I love
  you. I knew from the moment I saw you... saw your wonderful blue eyes. I fell
  in love with those eyes, and have never looked back beyond that moment. You
  ARE a goddess... you are MY Goddess. You are so beautiful and powerful, and
  you let nothing stand in the way of your possession of me... of my body...
  my soul. All that I am now is yours. And this is my dream, my lifelong ambition
  and dearest wish... to be your snuff bunny. It's all I ever wanted... to be
  the best snuff bunny ever, and I feel so lucky that you chose me... so blessed
  to be allowed to surrender to you, serve you, entertain and delight you...
  and give my body and soul to you... you... my Goddess."  
Ms. Donovan smiled kindly down at the girl. Trish smiled back, a tear of
  joy sparkling as it formed in the corner of her eye and ran slowly down her
  face. "Little one," she said softly, her voice choked with emotion, "you make
  me want to keep you... to tear up the contract. I feel like it is me who...."  
"No!" exclaimed Trish loudly, then quickly contained herself again, "No,
  my Goddess. That would be wrong. It is the reason I am here. It's why I am
  your snuff bunny. So, please, respect the contract, and do what it requires,
  please? Take my final gifts and enjoy them, please... and let me be the lucky
  one... and remain your snuff bunny."  
Ms. Donovan smiled down at Trish. "You're right... my little snuff bunny," she
  said softly, almost lovingly, then she bent down, and she and the young blonde
  girl shared a soft, gently kiss for several seconds. Then she rose slightly,
  caressed the girl's neck gently, and they looked at each other lovingly. Trish
  gazed deeply into the woman's blue eyes, and felt her love for her Goddess
  deepen with each passing moment. "I command you now, little snuff bunny," said
  Ms. Donovan, her eyes blazing with authority, and Trish prepared to immediately
  obey, "Cum! Cum as hard and as hot as you can for me! Cum for me! NOW!"  
The words shot like arrows into the young blonde girl's heart, igniting the
  gathering heat in her steamy hot cunt. Almost instantly, the most brutally
  intense orgasm she had ever know, many times what she had ever imagined, exploded
  with a blinding flash into every corner of her body. She arched her back, and
  writhed wildly as her cunt slammed shut around the dildo as Rene` shoved it
  in so deep it hammered at her cervix. "Unnnnnnggggghfuck!" she shrieked as
  volcanic ecstasy flooded her in wave after searing wave. It was so massive
  and intense she nearly passed out... seeing stars and shapeless flashes of
  light as he body sank into a molten caldera of pleasure. Cunt honey spewed
  out of her fuckhole, shooting out with such force that it soared in a wet,
  steaming arch to splash onto the tile floor.  
Rene` and Ms. Donovan gasped at the sight, then clapped their hands together
  in applause. "Bravo, little snuff bunny," said the girl's Goddess, who then
  bent and kissed the panting girl on the lips again, "That was exciting! I wish
  I could squirt that far!"  
Trish heard the woman's praises as the powerful waves of orgasm faded, and
  she wept as she smiled up at Ms. Donovan, "Oh, thank you," she said, "It is
  yours, my Goddess... your cum... your orgasm... because you commanded it of
  me! Thank you, thank you!"  
"I know, my nasty little snuff bunny," said the woman, and all three laughed
  as Rene` continued to pump the dildo in and out of the blonde teen's hot, slippery
  cunt. "But, we need to get moving," Ms. Donovan continued, "Time's a wastin'."  
"Yes, my Goddess," Trish agreed, and relaxed again, focused on enjoying the
  celebration going on in her steaming hot pussy. The sweet aroma of cunt honey
  filled the air, and all three of them breathed deeply of it.  
Ms. Donovan moved around to Trish's left, and used another short canvas strip
  to tie off the left arm, cinching it down as tightly as the first. Moving quickly,
  she then moved down to the girl's hips, and Trish slightly lifted her left
  leg to make her Goddess' task easier. The woman slipped one of the longer strips
  around the top of the snuff bunny's thigh, as near the hip joint as possible,
  and tied it as tightly as she could. Then she moved around to the girl's right
  side and tied off her right leg just below the hip joint.  
Ms. Donovan moved quickly now, and rushed to the outside end of the counter,
  just out of Trish's view. Still semi-high from the warm pool of delight building
  again in her constantly dildo-fucked cunt, she looked again at the clock. Now
  it read eleven twenty. The time was quickly passing.  
Ms. Donovan appeared again, standing above Trish's head and smiling, evil
  excitement in her eyes, and the young girl could see the woman's massive white-skinned
  titties heave and fall with each gusty breath. "This is it!" said the woman,
  and she held up a huge circular saw, like a builder's wood saw, except the
  tiny teeth of the blade had been filed to razor-sharp points that gleamed in
  the light.  
Trish saw the saw, and her eyes widened with excitement. The moment of truth
  was at last upon her, and she welcomed it eagerly... almost greedily. "Yes,
  my Goddess," she said, trembling with anticipation, "Your snuff bunny is ready!"  
Even Rene` looked up from her relentless pounding of the young blonde's cunt,
  and laughed. "Go for it, Marsha!" she encouraged.  
Ms. Donovan needed no more prodding. She pulled the trigger, and the saw
  whined to life. The deadly saw blade spun with blinding speed, and Trish could
  feel the breeze it generated on her face. She held out her arm straight and
  flat on the table to give her Goddess a solid, still target.  
Her blue eyes ablaze with wicked delight, Ms. Donovan pulled back the safety
  guard from the spinning blade, and lowered it to Trish's left arm about an
  inch below the tie off strap. The spinning steel blade touched the delicate
  skin the girl's arm. Instantly a red groove formed, stream of crimson blood
  shot from soft girl flesh in a fine, misty spray. As expected, Trish could
  feel the pressure of the saw blade, the bite of the teeth, and the cool touch
  of the metal, but no pain whatsoever.  
The lovely young snuff bunny continued to smile as she watched Ms. Donovan
  press the blade down further. The whine of the motor changed as the blade cut
  into the soft, helpless flesh. Blood flowed out quicker and quicker, and the
  crimson spray thickened. Suddenly the cut began spewing thick globs of gore,
  pouring out of the wound as Ms. Donovan pressed further into the soft flesh.
  Blood poured out of the wound, but not as heavily as it would have if the limb
  had not been tied off near the shoulder.  
Trish felt a vibrating... like a grinding of stones... and knew the blade
  had sunk in deep, and was now sawing into the bone of her upper arm. The vibrations
  flashed through her, and again her pussy contracted. She struggled to keep
  her eyes open so she cold watch her arm getting sawed off, but the orgasm overtook
  her and again she was tossed about in a storm of delight that burned in her
  pussy and asshole. Though she uttered not a sound, her titties jiggled and
  wobbled from side to side in unison with the throbbing waves of pleasure.  
The spinning, bloodstained blade bit further, and Trish heard, and felt,
  and sickening crunch. Then the whine of the saw picked up again, and the blade
  sank quickly down, slicing through the remaining muscles and skin. Suddenly,
  Trish's arm felt a great deal lighter, and Ms. Donovan lifted the saw, taking
  her finger off the trigger. The whine of the blade slowly wound down. The woman
  then held the saw in her right hand, and grabbed the severed arm with her right.
  Trish smiled and gasped as the blood-splattered limb was lifted up and away
  from her body.  
"That's one," said Ms. Donovan with an evil grin, and both she and Trish
  laughed with satisfaction, then the woman asked Rene` to bring the rack of
  trays over. Leaving the dildo buried in the snuff bunny's hot, throbbing twat,
  she moved to the rack and rolled it around to the blue-eyed blonde woman with
  the saw. As Trish watched her Goddess place the limp, bloody limb in the top
  tray, she noticed that blood had splattered all over her the woman's tits and
  tummy. Rene`, too, had a fine coating of crimson on her tits and a few tiny
  splatters on her face. She looked down at where her arm used to be, and saw
  only a tightly bound bloody stump that leaked a slow, steady stream of blood
  onto the table. She also saw a streaky crimson pattern of blood spray on her
  own tits and chest. She licked her lips, and tasted the thick salty gore. It
  was on her face as well.  
"Now the other one," said Ms. Donovan as Rene` resumed the task of battering
  the young snuff bunny's pussy with the dildo. Trish sighed, and let the pleasure
  begin to build again in her pussy as Ms. Donovan went back to work.  
The saw screamed to life again, and Trish held her right arm straight for
  the woman. Again, the spinning blade bit into the defenseless and tender girl
  meat of Trish's arm. Blood spewed thicker and faster this time. The snuff bunny
  watched as the deadly, whirling blade spray-painted her tits a bright, rosy
  red. The thickening coating of blood glistened in the light, and began to collect
  into a tiny puddle between the blonde's massive, jiggling titties. The saw
  cut easily through the arm muscles, and ground into the hard bone. Like before,
  the sensation sparked another fiery orgasm that blazed and burned in her boiling
  pussy for several seconds before slowly fading. Panting from the strain of
  cum after brutal cum, Trish watched as her right arm, splattered and dripping
  with thick gobs of gore, was taken to the rack and set in the second tray,
  leaving only another bloody stump. Trish considered that. Whatever happened
  now, she could forget about ever masturbating again. But that was okay. Rene`
  was still there, pumping the dildo with a steady rhythm into her steamy hairless
  pussy.  
"I need your help now, Rene`," said Ms. Donovan. Trish moaned with playful
  disappointment as the blood-sprayed redhead, bits of gore in her hair, left
  the thick dildo buried in the hairless twat, and lifted the snuff bunny's right
  leg, holding it slightly raised and straight, angled out away from Trish's
  stuffed pussy.  
Ms. Donovan disappeared for a moment, then re-appeared with another, bigger
  saw. This one had a blade at least eighteen inches across, and no safety guard.
  Trish recognized it as a brick saw, but the blade was shining metal with much
  larger sharp teeth.  
Ms. Donovan held the blade above the young armless girls upheld thigh, and
  pulled the trigger. The loud screech of the motor buffeted Trish's ears, but
  she could not bring herself to look away as her Goddess slowly, carefully lowered
  the spinning blade to her thigh a few inches below the tie off.  
Blood and bits of tissue sprayed in all directions as the saw bit into the
  helpless girl meat. Within a few seconds, both Ms. Donovan and Rene` were drenched
  in blood. As the saw cut further and further, the woman was forced to move
  the blade back and forth in and arching motion to keep the cut straight and
  smooth. Blood gushed from the gaping wound as the saw every bit of delicate
  flesh that it touched. The walls an ceiling became streaked and splotched with
  thick clots of blood and little lumps of tissue. Ms. Donovan remained focused
  on her work, ripping into the soft meat of the snuff bunny's sleek thigh.  
Trish felt the now familiar vibrations of the saw biting into solid bone.
  Once again, the sensations sparkled in her blood-covered cunt, and the steamy
  hole tightened so hard it spat out the massive dildo. It felt to the floor
  with a dull 'plup' sound, followed by a thick eruption of pale, steamy girl
  cum that shot for several feet from the spasming fuck-slit.  
As the waves of orgasm slowly faded, Trish smiled with satisfaction and focused
  again on what was happening to her. The screaming blade of the saw continued
  to cut further down into her flesh. Now past the thigh bone, the blade was
  now slicing easily through the remaining meat of Trish's soft thigh. Rene`
  was pulling slightly, causing the blood-oozing wound to gape wide, allowing
  the saw blade even easier access. A few moments later, the last strip of skin
  and muscle fell victim to the saw, and Trish watched as the blood-drenched
  redhead lifted the entire leg up and away as Ms. Donovan moved the saw away,
  fingers off the trigger. The sound of the blade slowly dying though it still
  spun with deadly speed. Rene` heaved the heavy limb over her shoulder, pulled
  a tray out of the rack and set on the floor several feet away. It hit the hard
  floor with a dull, resinous 'clang.' A moment later, the redhead twisted and
  let Trish's severed leg fall into the tray with a wet 'plop.'  
Ms. Donovan held the saw ready as Rene lifted the snuff bunny's sole remaining
  limb and held it out straight. She looked at the armless... and soon to be
  limb-less girl on the table, and winked. "Last one!" she said playfully, and
  Trish smiled as she watched her blue-eyed Goddess go back to work. Her only
  emotion was delight at seeing how Ms. Donovan, and Rene` as well, were enjoying
  hacking up her young, tender body with such uncompromisingly savage tools.  
Ms. Donovan pulled the trigger on the saw, screeched to life again. Faster
  this time, standing in a more accessible position close to Trish's cunt, she
  lowered the spinning blade and hacked into the tender flesh. The saw slung
  blood and bits of tissue in all directions, painting the two women with a new
  layer of crimson. Before she reached the bone, however, Ms. Donovan stopped
  and lifted the saw.  
"What's wrong, my Goddess?" Trish asked, concerned.  
"Nothing, little snuff bunny," said the naked, blood drenched woman. Holding
  the saw out carefully with her right hand, she raised her left hand to her
  face and wiped. "Rene`, will you please get me a towel so I can wipe my eyes."  
"Of course, Marsh," said the bloody naked redhead. Rene` dropped Trish's
  leg like a dead weight, and rushed through the arch headed toward the cabinet
  in the other room. She returned a few second later unfolding another fluffy
  blue towel, and put it in Ms. Donovan's hand. It became stained with splotches
  of blood as the woman wiped her face, revealing the skin under the coating
  of blood and shredded tissue bits. She blinked her eyes, smiled at Rene', and
  handed the towel back to her. "Thank you," she continued.  
Rene` wiped her own face, then tossed the towel over onto the counter and
  picked up Trish's partly severed leg again. The girl sighed with relief that
  it wasn't anything serious and continued watching as the two women went back
  to work.  
The whirred to life again, and Ms. Donovan maneuvered it back into the wound.
  Again, blood and gore flew as the blade tore through the young girl's flesh.
  Once again, a searing orgasm burst through Trish as the saw ground into the
  bone, lasting for several waves of rapturous ecstasy before fading. As soon
  as the saw cut through the hard thighbone, it ripped easily through the remaining
  strip of tissue. After a few seconds, the leg was completely severed, and Rene`
  carried it over and dropped it in the tray with the other as Ms. Donovan unplugged
  the saw and returned it to it's place behind Trish.  
The snuff bunny looked at her body. She was drenched in gore... her own gore...
  and blood... and now without limbs she was utterly dependant on her Goddess
  and Lady Rene` for anything. She looked up at the blood-splattered clock between
  the walk-in doors. Eleven thirty exactly.  
Ms. Donovan approached again carrying a heavy mallet and a round, tubular
  that looked like a metal dildo, except that it had no head. She also had a
  spray can with a label that Trish didn't recognize. She set the tools on the
  table next to the limb-less young girl, took the cap off the can, and aimed
  the spray at the bloody stump that was once her left arm. The girl felt a cool
  sensation on the stump that quickly faded as the woman stopped spraying. "What's
  that?" asked Trish, "I'm not questioning. I'm just curious."  
"Surgical sealant," said Ms. Donovan with a smile, "It will keep you from
  bleeding to death too soon. Now we can do this." She used her free hand to
  take the loose end of the cinch in the canvas strap around the girl's arm stump,
  and tugged. The blood-soaked strap came loose, and the woman tossed it aside.
  Indeed, no further blood oozed from the stump, and despite her missing limb,
  without the strap Trish felt that her arm seemed a little more comfortable. "Hey!" she
  said with a delighted smile, "That's pretty neat."  
"I thought you'd like it," said Ms. Donovan with a chuckle, "Let's get the
  others." She made quick work with the spray on the snuff bunny's remaining
  limb stumps, and removed the ties. Without the straps, Trish felt much more
  comfortable.  
Rene` moved around to Trish's right while Ms. Donovan replaced the cap on
  the can, set in on the counter, then stood on the limb-less girl's left. "Let's
  flip her over now," she said to the redhead whose bare, quivering tits still
  dripped blood, "Roll her toward me."  
Trish felt them slide their hands under her torso, then lift and roll her
  over like a lump of bread dough. She lay face down with her nose in the pillow
  for a moment, the turned her head to the side to breath. Her blood-splattered
  titties were smashed by her weight into the wood of the table, which was now
  slippery with quickly coagulating blood. She saw her Goddess pick up the mallet
  and strange tool again, and move down to her bare, blood-smeared ass, which
  was utterly helpless of course, now that she had no arms or legs.  
"Spread them apart," Ms. Donovan told Rene`, and Trish felt hands on her
  ass, pulling the cheeks wide to expose the pucker of her asshole. A moment
  later, she felt a cool touch of metal encircle her rosebud. She strained her
  neck to see, but could only see Ms. Donovan's blood-streaked back and bottom.  
A dull knocking sound, and Trish felt the metal ring cut into the skin around
  her asshole. Three more knocks, and she knew Ms. Donovan was pounding the strange
  tool into her flesh, centered over her tight rosebud. Although there was no
  pain, it was a strange sensation. A few seconds later the was a clicking noise,
  and she felt something being cut. Then Rene` let go of her ass cheeks, and
  Ms. Donovan moved back around into view. "What was that all about?" the young
  girl asked.  
"This? " queried Ms. Donovan with a smile, and Trish nodded, "Oh, this as
  a rectal core tool. I just cut out your asshole! See?" She held the tool close
  to the girl's face, moved a small lever on the side of the tool, and a small
  circle of bloody flesh fell out the end.  
Trish gazed in wide-eyed amazement at the two-inch wide circle of her flesh.
  It was indeed an asshole, and she knew it was HER rosebud pucker. It was a
  novel sensation to be looking at it directly, much less so close to her face. "Wow," she
  exclaimed, "what are you going to do with it?"  
"Oh, just throw it away," said the woman, "It's useless. I might toss it
  in the garden." She reached for it.  
"Oh, please, my Goddess," Trish begged suddenly, "May I have it? I don't
  know why, but it looks yummy!"  
Ms. Donovan laughed, and picked the small circle of Trish's flesh up in her
  fingers. "Of course you can have it," she said in a playful tone, "Open up!"  
Trish opened her mouth and extended her tongue. Ms. Donovan placed the Trish's
  severed asshole directly on the girl's tongue, and Trish sucked it into her
  mouth. At first it was covered in blood, but she quickly swallowed and that
  taste vanished. Now it was just a tough, spongy, rubbery disk of raw flesh.
  She smiled up at her Goddess, and began chewing. The look in Ms. Donovan's
  face said she was enjoying watching the snuff bunny munch her own asshole. "Did
  you have fun cutting it out, my Goddess?" she said, her voice muffled slightly
  as if she were chew a too large wad of bubble gum.  
"You bet, snuff bunny!" the woman said, grinning with pleasure, "You're turning
  out to be a lot of fun to cut up!"  
"She's bleeding!" called Rene`, and Ms. Donovan scampered to the counter
  again, dropped the corer and mallet on the surface and picked up the spray
  can. A few moments later, Trish felt the cool spray in the open wound where
  her asshole used to be. She just smiled, and kept chewing.  
"Let's get her turned back over again," said Ms. Donovan as she set the can
  on the table next to the partially butchered snuff bunny, leaving the cap off.
  A moment later, Trish felt their hands slide under her again. "Toward you,
  Rene`." The girl felt herself hoist slightly, then turned over and plopped
  back down onto the hard, blood-wet surface. She was face up again, continuing
  to chew her own asshole like candy.  
"Wash her up," ordered Ms. Donovan, "then set up an organ tray. I'll get
  the knives."  
While the two women busied themselves just out of her sight, Trish lay still
  on the table, chewing her asshole and contemplating the way her body looked
  without limbs. She glanced up at the clock again. Eleven thirty-five.  
The blonde snuff bunny heard a sound of running water at the sink as a vessel
  was being filled. Then it stopped, and Rene appeared holding a translucent
  gallon jug of water. She poured the water over Trish's body, rinsing away the
  collected blood and gore. This was much warmer than the bath she's had outside
  less than an hour ago, and she relished the feel.  
Rene` vanished again for a few seconds, and returned with the blood-splotched
  towel that they had used to wipe their face a few minutes ago. She patted Trish's
  body dry with it, leaving her largely dry and her skin and tits only faintly
  streaked with crimson. "Do I get the toy back in my cunt?" she asked.  
"No, sorry," said Rene, using the towel to wipe drying gore from her own
  wobbling titties. "This next part has to be without anything in your cunt,
  but I can rub your clit for you while Marsha works."  
Trish smiled, and swallowed the rubbery morsel in her mouth. "That would
  be great!" she said, grinning, "Will you pinch and twist it real hard? I want
  it to be as intense as possible."  
"I sure will," said Rene` with a friendly grin, "but don't ask me to pull
  it off. Marsha likes an intact cunt." Trish smiled and nodded her approval.  
Rene` pulled the rack closer to the table now, and pulled out a deep pan
  on runners, then another, shallower pan above that. A moment later, Ms. Donovan
  appeared on Trish's right, and lay three long knives on the table. The edges

  of the silvery blades gleamed and sparkled, indicating they were razor sharp.
  Rene` stood on the other side of the table, next to the rack which was now
  pushed up against the table.  
The two women looked at each other and giggled like little girls. Then Ms.
  Donovan looked at Trish's face and chuckled, which made her blood-smeared titties
  jiggle sweetly. "Now comes the best part!" she said.  
"Alright!" said Trish excitedly, "I hope you enjoy it, my Goddess! I think
  I might enjoy this as well!" She then turned her attention to her own torso
  to watch the fun as Rene` moved a hand down to the snuff bunny's defenseless
  cunt and began pinching and pulling the hard, stiff little clit, sending electric
  thrills sparkling through the young girl's sensitive twat. Already, Trish could
  feel another powerful cum beginning to warm her throbbing pussy, and she felt
  her fuckhole gape wide, begging to be invaded by something... anything... but
  it remained empty and frustrated.  
Ms. Donovan picked up a fairly short knife and showed it to her snuff bunny.
  The girl shuddered in anticipation at the shiny blade, and smiled wide, giggling
  slightly. Then the woman went to work. She held the blade like a skilled surgeon,
  and set the edge against Trish's torso at the edge of her rib cage just below
  the left tit. Rene` picked up the spray can of sealant, and held it ready.
  Then the blue-eye blonde woman opened her mouth, pressed the edge against the
  young blonde slut's delicate skin, and drew it across in a straight line from
  left to right. The hyper-sharp blade easily carved into the skin leaving behind
  a red line that oozed blood. Rene` quickly sprayed the line, and the bleeding
  stopped. Ms. Donovan then did it again, along the same line, pressing harder
  so the blade sliced deep into the skin, penetrating the thin layer of fat.
  The skin parted slightly, revealing the white fat the quickly became obscured
  with blood, which was just as quickly stopped when Rene` sprayed it. After
  another pass, Trish heard a slight squishing noise, and the skin parted a little
  wider as the knife sheared through the muscle almost into the organs underneath.
  Blood poured out of the long cut, and was quickly stopped by the spray.  
Ms. Donovan then moved down to the area just above the snuff bunny's cunt
  area, and drew a line from almost the left hipbone to the right. Three quick
  passes with the sharp knife, and three sprays, and Trish knew that the lower
  tummy had been cut through as well.  
Now, Ms. Donovan moved the knife back up to Trish's breastbone. "Relax, as
  much as you can, snuff bunny," she commanded.  
"Yes, Ma'am," Trish said and nodded, "I'll keep loose." She sighed, and looked
  at the knife. She still felt immensely excited though, and wished she had something
  up her cunt. She had to content herself with Rene` vigorous pinching of her
  clit, but that was good enough for the moment.  
Eleven thirty-eight.  
Ms. Donovan cut a clean path from the first cut down the snuff bunny's torso,
  avoiding the belly button, but completing a cut from the upper cross cut to
  the lower. Rene` sprayed, stopping the blood. Another pass, and another spray,
  and Trish could tell that a bit of pressure was being released, forcing the
  second vertical cut to gape wide. "Now we have to be careful," said Ms. Donovan,
  and she slowly began the final vertical pass. As the knife cut through the
  last layers of tummy tissue, bluish-pink bulges could be seen pushing up into
  the open. She sliced quickly down, followed by the spraying can.  
The layers of tissue opened wide, and Trish gasped as her internal organs
  came into view. She trembled with excitement, and wanted to cum, more so because
  Rene` was pinching her clit with her sharp fingernails. She fought it, though.
  It was still too soon, and she didn't want to miss a thing!  
Ms. Donovan lifted up a flap of the left side of the 'I' cut, and used the
  knife on the fibrous tendrils connected to Trish's belly button. In a moment,
  that was completely severed. Ms. Donovan set the knife down, then carefully
  lifted the edges of both flaps of skin and muscle, and opened Trish's abdomen
  like a book.  
All three of them, Trish especially gasped as the girl's full collection
  of internal organs came into view. They saw the tangle of her intestines, the
  bulging stomach, and all three portions of her colon. The organs glimmered
  and shined in the light. Trish licked her lips. She had never dreamed she would
  ever look at her own insides with her belly laid open so neatly and quickly,
  and without pain. It was a beautiful sight... her most intimate and vulnerable
  parts of her body, exposed and helpless for anyone to enjoy. She shook with
  a hot, electric need that burned in her pussy. The other two women gazed at
  the wonderful sight of Trish's naked guts. Rene` began pulling at her own tits
  while twisting Trish's throbbing clit. Ms. Donovan drooled, her eyes wide as
  drank in the beauty of the sight, and she panted and shivered.  
Trish was most helpless at the heavenly wonders laid open before her eyes.
  Her pussy screamed for attention, and she shook with burning excitement, making
  her big teen titties jiggle and wobble merrily and the puddle of guts in her
  open tummy surge and quiver and almost sparkle. It was too much! Her need scorched
  her boiling hot pussy, and girl cum leaked in a river from her gaping hole. &quot;Oh,
  please, Lady Rene`" she begged, "Please pinch my clit and finger my hole, please?
  I need to cum! It's so beautiful... so wonderful it hurts to see without cumming!
  Please make me cum! Please? Oh, gawd, I need to cum!"  
"Me too!" exclaimed Ms. Donovan, and her hand immediately shot to her pussy
  and titties, and she began furiously masturbating as she gazed in wonder at
  the beauty of Trish's exposed, intact guts.  
Trish felt Rene` pulled hard on her vibrating clit, digging into it with
  her fingernails. The redhead used her other hand to slap her own boobs several
  times back and forth, then slid it down to her twat and began finger-fucking
  herself as she gazed into the snuff bunny's pool of guts.  
Within seconds, all three women came, their bodies convulsing and quaking
  as they moaned loudly. In unison, their orgasms arrived, and they came all
  at once, exactly together. They moaned and screamed and gurgled loudly together,
  their voices combining into a kind of orgy of sweet female voices in the throes
  of blazing ecstasy. Trish felt her cunt contract, and again the celebrating
  fuckhole squirted out a thick stream of steamy pale girl juice. Hands squeezed
  bouncing, shaking tits, rubbed quivering clits, and dived into hot, girl-cum-spewing
  pussies! They all shared an intense moment of sheer, volcanic pleasure, riding
  wave after powerful wave of orgasm, an overpowering avalanche of hard, blazing
  cum after cum and cum.  
After a minute or two, the burning waves passed, and all three panted and
  sobbed with joy. Both Ms. Donovan and Rene` looked shaky and weak, but were
  clearly high with the afterglow of their common orgasm. All three wept, and
  smiled, giggled as the last thrills faded and they caught their breath.  
"Mmmm... that was incredible!" said Ms. Donovan, breathing hard. Her eyes
  looked like they were peering into a thick fog.  
"Sure was," said Rene` still rubbing her tits and twisting the snuff bunny's
  clit gently, "I've never experienced anything like it, and we've gutted lots
  of snuff bunnies."  
"Thank you, my Goddess... Lady Rene`," panted Trish grinning widely, "It
  was wonderful sharing that with you. But look at the time."  
They all glanced at the clock.  
Eleven forty-five.  
"Oh, shit!" said Ms. Donovan, straightening up quickly, "we better get moving!" She
  motioned for Rene` to bring the deep pan closer, and the redhead pulled it
  up nearer Trish's open belly. With a moment's hesitation, the snuff bunny's
  Goddess plunged her bare hands into the blonde teen's gleaming tangle of wet
  guts. A moment later, she lifted out a huge knot of glistening small intestines,
  and giggled at Trish playfully. "Look, snuff bunny," she said like a kid at
  show-and-tell in first grade, "These are YOUR insides... YOUR GUTS!" They all
  three laughed with playful pleasure as she handed the knot of gleaming bluish-pink
  tubes to Rene`. The redheaded woman grinned and accepted it. Several of the
  tubes stretched out straight as she dropped the scoop of girl guts into the
  tray. Trish smiled, enjoying watching the delight of the two women as they
  scooped out her insides. They were plainly having great fun gutting their snuff
  bunny, and the young blonde slut they were gutting glowed with pride to be
  the source of their playfulness and delight.  
As soon as the entire tangle of small intestines lay in the deep pan, Ms.
  Donovan picked up the knife and severed their connection to Trish's stomach
  and colon. Trish looked into her open tummy. She already looked considerably
  more empty.  
Ms. Donovan worked quicker now, and lifted out the slug-like tube that was
  the snuff bunny's colon. It looked dark in a few places, and a bit lumpy. "Are
  those solid-looking clots inside my colon bits of shit?" she asked.  
"Only near the end, near where your asshole was," said the grinning blue-eyed
  woman. With a couple of quick movements, she severed the colon free from Trish's
  body. She handed it to Rene' who dropped it thoughtlessly into the deep pan.  
Ms. Donovan then lifted up a bulbous sack just under Trish's chest. The snuff
  bunny felt a tug in the inside of her throat. The sensation vanished as soon
  as Ms. Donovan used a fresh knife to cut it loose. "That's your stomach, snuff
  bunny," she said with an evil smile, "No more eating for you."  
"I swallowed my asshole," said Trish with a teasing grin, "so it's now in
  my stomach! How weird! I can see it outlined in the sack."  
Ms. Donovan felt the solid knot in the otherwise empty sack. "Yup!" she said,
  grinning, "That's your asshole, alright!" They all three laughed together as
  Rene` took the organ and dumped it into the tray.  
"We're getting close... only twelve minutes left. We're going to have to
  double-up," Ms. Donovan told Rene`, and handed the redhead a fresh sharp knife, "you
  take care of the snuff bunny up top while I carve out these smaller organs.
  I'll need this..." she reached over Trish's open belly and took the can of
  spray sealant, "and just leave them inside for a bit until you are finished,
  okay?"  
"Whatever you say, Marsha," said Rene, still smiling as she held the knife.
  Then she took her finger off Trish's excited clit and smiled at the girl. "Sorry
  I can't do anything for your cunt for the moment," she apologized as she stepped
  up behind Trish's head, and hovered over her, "It takes two hands to do this,
  and I can't barrow yours."  
The redhead giggled, and the blonde snuff bunny giggled with her. "That's
  okay," she said sweetly, "I know what you are going to do. But, in this position,
  your tits are hanging right in my face!"  
Rene` deliberately lowered her chest for a moment and swung her pendulous
  boob from side to side, slapping the little blonde slut's face with warm titflesh.
  Trish laughed, enjoying the feel of beautiful big boobies bouncing off her
  cheeks, and the redhead giggled as well.  
"Get to work," said Ms. Donovan firmly but not harshly, "We're running out
  of time." She took a knife, and began working in the quickly emptying crater
  of the cute blonde snuff bunny's open abdomen.  
"She's right, snuff bunny," said Rene` and lifted her tits a few inches from
  the girl's face. She held the knife in her right hand, and cupped Trish's left
  tit with her left hand, pulling it up to the little blonde slut's face. "Say
  goodbye to it, snuff bunny," she ordered.  
Trish smiled, and gently kissed the tender, warm titmeat. "Goodbye, sweet
  booby," she said, her voice sounding light and playful, "You be good for my
  Goddess now, like you always have been for me." She looked up at Rene`, and
  the two exchanged grins.  
Rene` then grabbed the girl's tender nipple, and pulled up hard, stretching
  the sensitive titmeat harshly. Trish watched as the redhead lowered the knife
  to the underside of the tit, placing it against the base. With a slight sawing
  motion, Rene` began slicing into the delicate titflesh, carving from side to
  side. She worked quickly, and the soft, delicate flesh easily gave way to the
  sharp weapon. The redhead pulled hard on the nipple, and the snuff bunny watched
  as blood began pouring out of the deepening cut, her eyes wide with excited
  fascination as she watched Rene` skillfully slash through the soft flesh, half
  cutting and half tearing the massive mound away from her chest. In a moment,
  it was done, and Rene' lifted the slashed tit up and away from the snuff bunny's
  once lovely chest, leaving a gaping, bleeding wound that exposed the bones
  of her ribs.  
Rene` set the knife down, picked up the spray can, and sprayed the wide bleeding
  wound. The bleeding ceased immediately. Then she took the sliced-off tit to
  the rack, pulled out a fresh tray, and laid the succulent mound of girl meat
  lovingly on the tray, nipple up. Trish smiled because it still quivered and
  jiggled as if it still wanted to entertain and delight someone.  
Ms. Donovan picked up the aerosol can and spray into Trish's abdomen. The
  girl felt a quick flash of coolness in her middle that quickly faded as her
  Goddess set the can back on the table and continued working, her smile hinting
  of the fun she was having.  
Rene` returned to her place and picked up the knife again. Rene` pulled the
  young girl's right tit up and said, "Now, this one."  
Trish kissed the warm, wobbly mound like a sweet lover. "Goodbye, little
  titty," she said, "I've always liked the way you bounced so happily for everyone.
  I hope our Goddess does good things with you." Then she smiled at Rene`.  
The redhead, like before, pulled and stretched the warm, fleshy tit by the
  nipple. Then she put the knife at the base, and began cutting back and forth,
  slicing it off of the cute teen snuff bunny's body. Seconds later, the last
  sliver of tender skin gave way, and Trish was completely without tits. A quick
  spray of sealant, and Rene` set the severed titty on the tray next to its sister,
  then she gently slid the tray back into the rack, and returned Trish's left
  side to continue helping the girl's beautiful, blue-eyed, big-titted Goddess. "What
  are you going to do with my tits?" asked the snuff bunny.  
"Oh, they well make great broilers for a cookout," said Ms. Donovan, smiling,
  but without taking her attention off of her work.  
"Mmmm," said Trish, and she licked her lips, "How delicious! I've always
  liked the way they tasted myself!" Her easy joke made both of the other women
  laugh, adding to the joy of the moment. The girl then looked at the clock. "Oh,
  no!" she exclaimed, "There's only six minutes left. Will you make it?"  
"Almost there, snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, smiling with delight, then
  she lifted out an organ that looked like a bloody slug. "Your spleen," she
  said, and Trish smiled her acknowledgement as the woman tossed the organ into
  deep tray.  
"Are you going to make pate` from my liver," asked Trish, looking at the
  women over the exposed ribs where her tits used to be.  
"Oh, yes!" said Rene', "Girl liver makes great pate`. I have a very good
  recipe! Your liver will be the last organ we cut out because of the many blood
  vessels that go to it. You can finish by bleeding out from there."  
"I wish I could taste it," whined the snuff bunny.  
"Can't have everything," Ms. Donovan said brightly, then lifted out a red,
  bean-shaped lump, "Your left kidney," she said, and tossed the wobbly organ
  into the deep tray, which was becoming heavy with the young girl's glistening
  guts. The woman then took out the next one. "And your right kidney." Smiling,
  she tossed it into the tray, and in landed in the mound of small intestines
  with a muddy-sounding 'splat.'  
Trish watched, immensely fascinated as her Goddess removed more organs. First
  came her bladder, then her uterus with the vagina, the snuff bunny's inner
  pussy, still attached, and then finally the small lumpy ovaries, still connected
  by the fallopian tubes.  
"Okay, we're down to your liver, little snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, "Are
  you ready?"  
"Take it!" said Trish with a loving smile on her face, "It's yours. I just
  hope it makes delicious pate` for you."  
Ms. Donovan smiled, and reached into the cavity again. Rene` put her hands
  in to help her. Trish could feel something large being lifted, then she felt
  and heard a number of snips. After a few moments, the redhead lifted out the
  large, smooth reddish-black liver from inside the snuff bunny's body, pulled
  out a clean tray from the rack, and laid it in.  
"That's it, snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, setting down the knives and smiling
  at the girl, "We still have two minutes left, about enough time for you to
  bleed out and leave us. Would you like to see yourself? Now's the time!" Trish
  nodded eagerly, and the blue-eyed blonde woman reached under the table to take
  out a long wall mirror that had been protected from blood splatter in its sliding
  compartment. She and Rene` held it above Trish with their gore-dripping hands.  
The snuff bunny looked up into the mirror, and gasped when she saw herself. "Wow!" she
  said, here eyes wide with amazement, "I look so different. No tits... no arms
  or legs... belly open like a newspaper and all my guts scooped out, including
  my cunt! I can see my blood pooling in the bottom of my belly pit around the
  bones of my spine! It's rather amazing and... well, I think I look quite beautiful!
  Can I still cum? I have a minute left, it looks like."  
Ms. Donovan smiled and lowered the mirror, setting it aside against the wall. "We
  can try, snuff bunny!" she said.  
"I'll work her clit and pussy lips," said Rene` and she scampered around
  to the young, eviscerated girl's twat, lowered her face to the sweet tender
  lips, and sucked the clit into her mouth.  
"Oh!" piped Trish at the sudden renewed sizzling in her pussy, and she began
  panting letting the sensations wash over her. "Oh, yes! Yes! Suck my clit,
  please! Harder! Oh, please chew it! Chew it hard! Make me cum! Oh please, please
  make me cum!" More fiery needles of pleasure darted through the butchered young
  girl's remaining body as the redhead began using her teeth, biting and chewing
  the tiny, stiff nub without mercy. Trish smiled, feeling the pleasure build.
  She had to hurry, though. Time was quickly running out. It was now less than
  a minute to midnight.  
Ms. Donovan moved up and cradled the pretty teen snuff bunny's head against
  her warm chest, and lifted her right nipple and placed it in the girl's drooling
  mouth. Trish sucked it eagerly, desperately, as she struggled to reach a peak.  
"Little snuff bunny," said Ms. Donovan, stroking the girl's blood splattered
  hair as she suckled, "Cum now for me! I command you to cum! Cum now! Cum hard!"  
It was enough. Trish heard the clock begin to chime the hour as the white-hot
  orgasm flared and blazed in her small, butchered body. Gone were all memories
  of having tits, or arms and legs, or internal organs, or anything before this
  moment. Her world shrank to the blazing hot cum that made her remaining muscles
  spasm and jerk. As the clock chimed, the orgasm burned hotter, brighter, scorching
  her soul with mind-numbing intensity that continued to grow with each passing
  moment.  
Ms. Donovan listened to the chiming of the clock and the slurping as Rene`
  ravished the young butchered girl's clit with merciless brutality. She stroked
  the girl's hair, bent and kissed her forehead. "You were... you ARE... the
  best snuff bunny ever, little one... the best ever."  
Trish heard the words, and tears formed in her eyes. It was true. She had
  done it. She was the best snuff bunny ever. She continued to cum hard as the
  world began to fade for her. This was how it should be... her body completely
  butchered and gutted for the Goddess' pleasure, her cunt being chewed, suckling
  at her Goddess' sweet titties, and her soul ablaze with the most powerful,
  full, deep, and perfect cum of her life.  
And this cum would last forever... forever... she knew with perfect faith...
  because her beloved Goddess had given it to her.  
Darkness... then nothing.  
The snuff bunny fell limp and loose in Ms. Donovan's loving arms as the last
  chime of the clock rang out and slowly faded.  
Epilogue   
Ms. Kendal sat in her armchair reading a newspaper, but she wasn't reading
  it. It had been five days since Trish had left to have her dream of being a
  snuff bunny. She felt glad for her only remaining daughter, but missed the
  sweet girl terribly. And yes, she had to admit to herself, she felt a little
  jealous of the girl.  
She remembered the calls she made to Trish's friends, as promised and recalled
  with delight their wails of envy at the news. Every one of them... EVERY ONE...
  was both proud of Trish, and hated her for achieving what they all had dreams
  of, but had never been able to become.  
The pretty thirty-three year old woman laughed to herself. She couldn't blame
  them. Every young girl had a deep longing to surrender themselves so completely
  to someone... usually someone they didn't know... that the world became only
  that person. Sometimes it was a group, or even a whole community, but the best
  situation was always an intimate one.  
Not everyone could do it. It took a special kind of girl in the modern world
  where men and boys were so rare and precious, and the survival of life on the
  planet, all life, was dependant on the practice of using women as a primary
  food source. It took work... lots of it... and many long hours of training
  and study and practice and testing and re-testing. Most important, was for
  a girl to keep her body soft and tender and full of delights for others to
  enjoy, which also kept her meat sweet and delicious. It was a good way... the
  right way... the way that should always have been... for women to exist for
  sensual delight and to serve as food.  
The world and all life on it depended on it women being sources of pleasure
  and nutrition. There were many ways for a girl to aspire to serve society this
  way, but without a doubt one of the most popular was as a snuff bunny living
  her last hours in the joy of absolute surrender and suffering for an utter
  stranger's entertainment and pleasure. There was no purer aspiration for a
  young girl, and precious few could achieve it.  
Trish was one who did.  
As much as she missed her youngest daughter, Ms. Kendal could only feel joy
  and pride and happiness for her.  
The doorbell rang, and she looked up. Who could that be this early in the
  day?  
The local butcher?  
No, of course not. She would have been notified.  
She sighed, refolded her newspaper and dropped it on the coffee table as
  she stood up. She smoothed her loose-fitting sundress, and walked barefooted
  to the door. When she opened it, she saw a pretty young postal maid smiling
  at her. "Yes?" she said politely.  
"Katherine Kendal?" asked the brunette girl, barely twenty years old.  
"Yes, I am Katherine Kendal. Do you have something for me." She had a passing
  fantasy... just for a moment... of being converted to meat for the city's summer
  slaughter festival.  
"Yes, Ma'am. Sign here please." The uniformed girl handed the woman an electronic
  pad and pressure pen. Ms. Kendal signed her name, and gave it back to the girl,
  who then produced a green and white envelope from her pouch and put it in her
  hand. She smiled. "Thank you, Ms. Kendal. Have a nice day." With that, the
  postal maid turned and headed back to her truck parked in the street.  
Katherine closed the door and looked at the envelope. It had her name, written
  in ink, so she knew it could not be a conversion letter. The only return address
  was a postal delivery number, meaning the sender wanted to keep the source
  of the letter confidential until the recipient read it. That could be either
  good or bad.  
She moved into a better angle to get light from the wide pane window, and
  used one of her long, sharp bright red fingernails to cut the envelope open.
  With a rustle of paper, she removed the contents and unfolded the pages.  
To: Katherine Kendal  
(Etc... etc...)  
INTIMATE ENTERTAINMENT  
A Division of the Women's Punishment Institute  
Greetings Ms. Kendal:  
Her face brightened, and she felt a joyful warmth flood into her body and
  soul. It was about Trish! It had to be!  
Eagerly, she read the letter.  
We are pleased...the success of your daughter, Trish...  
Service... superior....  
Obedience... perfect score....  
Suffering... outstanding...  
Entertainment... rare talent....  
Intimacy... uniquely competent....  
Client satisfaction... 0.1% of subjects... 100 Yr.  
Every line she read of the report filled her with new, deeper pride in her
  daughter, and she wept as she read line after shining line of the praise-heavy
  report. To be a snuff bunny at all required almost a celestial event, and to
  be the mother on a snuff bunny that performed this magnificently in her service...
  the woman could find no expression for her joy. Most magnificent was the client
  satisfaction score. IE had rated Trish in the top one percent of all subjects
  in the last one hundred years... an almost mythical achievement.  
Ms. Kendal had to stop, find a tissue, and wipe the tears from her eyes.
  Next to the tissue box on the mantle, she saw Trish's picture from the school
  picnic a year before. The girl, then a sweet sixteen year old, was completely
  naked and holding a paper cup of soda in one hand, and a young, tender titty
  in the other... in the grass under the shade of an oak tree. She looked so
  precious then... so sweet and innocent and full of joy and enthusiasm for her
  life... and dreaming of becoming a snuff bunny.  
Katherine smiled through her happy tears, and touched the frame of the picture,
  then ran her fingernails over the image of her daughter, as if caressing her
  once again.  
"Oh, Trish," she said, gazing at the lovely, smiling young blonde girl with
  the perfect body, happy, bouncy titties, and delicate little pink pussy, "You
  have made me the happiest, proudest mother in the world."  
She composed herself, and continued reading...  
.... IE's, and WPI's, most profound thanks...  
.... payment in full to your account has been made...  
.... Enclosure: Client Letter for K. Kendal...  
A client letter?  
Katherine lifted the computer-generated report page, and found a hand-written
  note...  
Dear Ms. Kendal,  
My name is Marsha Donovan. Last weekend, your daughter
  Trish came to me as my order from Intimate Entertainment. She was my snuff
  bunny.  
I am very humbled and indebted to you for allowing
  your wonderful, sweet, and very beautiful daughter to serve my guests and I
  in my home for a casual, intimate party. You will be pleased to know that she
  surrendered to us with flawless perfection, joy, and enthusiasm. I am a wealthy
  woman, and I have had many snuff bunnies over the years. Trish outclassed them
  all. Her obedience and willingness to suffer the harshest burdens for our amusement
  has left me rather spoiled for anything less. My guests still glow with satisfaction
  when the talk about her, which they will likely do for some time. We used her
  in a public display of suffering and humiliation in downtown Dolcettville,
  a small town about twenty miles from my country estate. Her joyous display
  of obedience and surrender left the entire town in awe.  
Later, in private with myself and my intimate companion
  Rene`, she gave us a show of suffering and shame and delightful playfulness
  that left us in tears, not to mention weary to our bones with orgasm after
  orgasm for several hours. When we at last had to claim her last gifts, she
  accepted her obligation with joy, compassion for our needs, and an enchanting
  playfulness that made that last hour a shining and memory-filled moment for
  Rene` and I.  
She said she was the lucky one, and I am convinced
  she truly felt that way. But the truth is she changed the way I look at everyone
  around me. For those few hours, she gave delight and affection, with a magnificent
  display of shame and suffering, for our amusement, that has left us all in
  awe and feeling a bit humble to have been privileged to witness it.  
You should be proud of Trish, Ms. Kendal. As a
  snuff bunny, I believe she had no equal in the world. Her body was perfect.
  Her joy was perfect. Her suffering and shame were perfect, and the memory of
  her playful smile as she bore the my cruelest torments with unrelenting eagerness
  and enthusiasm... all these things I will treasure forever in my heart. I've
  paid many times more for snuff bunnies that gave me vastly less. Trish would
  have been a bargain to anyone at one hundred times the price.  
I would like to invite you to my estate sometime
  this next week to allow us to share with you a bit of Trish's last gifts and
  to discuss your daughter's absolutely perfect performance. My companion Rene`
  has made an excellent pate`, which we are certain you will enjoy. My telephone
  number is on the back of this page. Call me anytime. I will send a limousine
  for you at your pleasure. It would be my humble, undeservable honor to have
  you in my home as my guest and friend.  
My deepest gratitude and admiration to you...  
Marsha Donovan (but just call me Marsha...)  
Katherine folded the letter, her heart overflowing with pride and satisfaction
  she could scarcely have imagined when she was a teen girl dreaming of being
  a snuff bunny. She looked once again at the picture, and her love for Trish
  glowed again in her heart. All the world's imperfections melted away, and she
  felt at last a nearly perfect contentment.  
Nearly perfect... but not quite.  
There would always be in her, especially now, a disappointment that she had
  never been a snuff bunny herself. Like everyone else, she felt a twinge of
  envy knowing Trish made it and she had not. It should have happened for her.
  It might have happened.  
It could still happen... couldn't it?  
Why not?  
There was nothing in the law to prevent it. Any girl or woman could become
  a snuff bunny, if they felt sufficiently motivated and worked as hard as Trish
  had for that dream. She had a soft, curvy body without any hint of a blemish
  anywhere. Her tits were certainly big enough, and she had nothing but time
  now with the money from Trish's fee. It just would take work and study and
  a great deal of practice and commitment.  
It could be done!  
&quot;I could do it,&quot; she thought, &quot;I really believe I could!&quot;  
She smiled wickedly to herself, climbed the stairs and stepped quickly into
  her study. She sat at her desk, opened the drawer, and removed a long saved
  sheet of paper...  
"You, too, can be a SNUFF BUNNY!"   
WPI &ndash; Intimate Entertainment   
Application For Consideration And Selection   
She smiled as she lay the page out flat, and reached for a pen.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robin Lane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





