BDSM Library - The Shower




The Shower
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master disciplines his unclean slave with his own style of shower.The Shower  
by windsor_rook  
I entered the rustic cabin just as the sun was setting. Fabricated around
  huge logs, the expansive house was composed entirely of different types and
  sizes of wood, and the seven different levels gave one the feeling of being
  immersed in the forest. Smelling of cedar and lavender, the cabin  
had a spiritual aura of its own, and the scores of different plants helped
  to relaxed the soul.  
I went up to the stereo room and put some blues on the cd player. As the
  melodic sounds  
of guitars and saxophones emanated throughout the spacious home, I looked
  out at the lake below, then went down to the lowest level, anticipating the
  evening ahead...........  
She was in the Rest Position, awaiting my arrival on her knees with her head
  downcast and her palms up on top of her thighs. I sat in my chair in front
  of her and picked up the cocktail glass that was sitting on the side table.
  Taking a long sip of single-malt scotch, I turned my attention to the task
  as hand..............  
&quot;Greetings, slave&quot;  
&quot;Good evening, Master!&quot;, she responded enthusiastically.  
&quot;Are you ready to continue, slave?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Master&quot;  
&quot;Present yourself, slave!&quot;  
She knelt up on spread knees and placed her hands together behind her head.
  Pushing her chest out and tilting her head upwards, she recited her mantra
  of slavery..........  
 &quot;Master, I offer you the gift of my submission to your desires.  
 I wish to serve as my Master's slave, to do with as he pleases.  
 Your pleasure is my only concern. My pleasure is at your discretion.  
 I understand that absolute and immediate obedience is required.  
 I expect to be punished if I falter in any of my duties as your slave.  
 Please allow me to serve as your slave, Master.&quot;  
I reached out and brushed her nipples with my hand. They were as hard as
  pebbles.  
&quot;Permission granted, slave, you may Rest&quot;  
She resumed the position as I reached into my coat pocket and retrieved the
  long package.  
I could see her trying to look up from her downcast position as I unwrapped
  the gift slowly.  
&quot;I brought you a present, slave&quot;, I said as I placed the large
  silicone vibrator into her open palms.  
&quot;Thank you, Master!&quot; she responded as her hands wrapped around
  the thick toy, obviously anticipating the sensation of being completely filled
  with the huge phallus.  
&quot;Make it wet, slave&quot;, I ordered. She lifted it to her mouth and
  began to slowly circle the head with her tongue. She soon had the bulbous head
  in her mouth and was using her tongue on the underside of the corona. I could
  feel the blood rushing into my cock as I watched my slave practice her oral
  technique on the vibrator. &quot;Deeper&quot;, I commanded, and watched as
  she lifted her arms to allow the phallus to glide toward her throat. I was
  immediately distracted as my keen sense of smell detected the odor of perspiration
  coming from the slave.  
&quot;Stop, slave&quot;, I ordered as I reached out and pulled the toy from
  her mouth, and the sound of suction being released broke the silence.  
&quot;Present yourself!&quot;  
She assumed the proper position, her swollen nipples reaching out to me.
  I grasped them with both hands and twisted until I got the desired response
  - a muffled high pitched groan.  
&quot;Slave, did you bathe or shower earlier tonight?&quot;, I asked in a
  menacing tone.  
She hesitated......&quot;N-N-No Master, I-I-I didn't have time, Master&quot;  
&quot;Address your Master, slave&quot;  
She immediately dropped down and leaned forward until her cheek was on the
  floor between my feet. When she placed her hands behind her, I attached the
  wrist cuffs together and then to her collar, pulling her arms into the small
  of her back. Reaching back with my right hand, I delivered ten heavy blows
  to each buttock, alternating between each one and pausing from time to time
  to watch the whiteness turn to a reddish hue as she moaned and squirmed. After
  the last blow, I sat back in the chair and took another sip of scotch as I
  pondered continuing the punishment of the writhing and disobedient slave.  
&quot;Present yourself&quot;, I ordered as I reached for the leash on the
  side table.  
She straightened up and I attached the leash to her collar, then led her
  on her knees over to the center of the room, just below the huge wooden beam
  which jutted out from the next level.  
Ordering her to stand, I released the wrist cuffs from her collar and then
  attached them to chains that hung down from the beam about four feet apart,
  leaving about two links worth of slack. She was breathing heavier now, and
  I could tell that the spanking and the thought of upcoming punishment had aroused
  her. I placed my palm against her hairless pussy and thrust my middle finger
  deep inside her moist cunt, moved it in a circular motion for a few seconds,
  withdrew it and placed it under the slave's nose.  
&quot;Smell, slave. You need a shower, and I am going to administer it. I
  think I'll find a use for your present while you are cleaned. Now, suck your
  slut juices off your Master's finger!&quot; I thrust my dripping finger into
  her mouth and held it there as she savored her own juices.  
Leaving her alone to anticipate her fate, I went to the Master's Chest and
  retrieved most of the equipment I was going to need. When I returned, she was
  twisting and testing her bonds, so I gagged her with the penis gag and went
  outside for the other necessary items. I located the small plastic wading pool
  and bucket and returned to a more subdued slave, although her eyes opened wide
  at the sight of these strange items I had brought into the room. I decided
  not to blindfold her yet so that she could participate in her predicament.  
&quot;Lift your legs, slave&quot;, I ordered. As she bent her knees and hung
  from the wrist cuffs I quickly placed the pool beneath her. I waited a few
  seconds before I ordered her to stand in the pool. I attached cuffs to her
  ankles then attached a bar between them, forcing her legs wide and causing
  her wrist cuffs to take up the slack. She was now secured standing in the &quot;X&quot; position,
  unable to move anything except her pelvis and head, gagged with a penis gag,
  wide-eyed and fully aroused.  
I went into the bathroom and filled the bucket up with warm water, returned
  and ceremoniously dumped it into the small pool. Her eyes were wide with concern,
  so I caressed her thighs and stroked her breasts until she was cooing from
  behind the gag.  
This cycle was repeated four more times until her feet were barely covered
  with water.  
I went back to the parlor and retrieved the silicone vibrator. After attaching
  two long strings to opposite sides of the ring, I walked up to the slave and
  displayed the toy in front of her face.  
Spread-eagle, quivering, and aroused, she could only moan once more around
  the gag.  
I reached down and massaged her pussy, feeling the wetness seep through my
  fingers as I thrust two fingers inside her sucking cunt. She was ready, and
  I wasted no time in plugging her slave hole with the toy. Picking up a long
  length of thick rope, I attached it to the back of her collar, brought it down
  between her shoulder blades, between her legs, through the vibrator ring and
  up, threading it through the pulley which was affixed about three feet over
  her head. The bucket was then tied to the end of the rope. She was moaning
  now as the weight of the bucket forced the dildo deeper into her moist grotto,
  causing her juices to start dripping into the pool. I tied a smaller rope to
  one side of the bucket, threw it over the beam and let the other end dangle
  in front of her apprehensive face. I stepped up to my slave and caressed her
  open thighs, bringing a moan of appreciation from behind the gag. Picking up
  an elastic cord, I hooked one end to the vibrator ring and tied the other to
  the center of her ankle spreader so that the toy was pulled halfway out of
  her dripping cunt. I pulled the small strings to either side of the rope and
  soon had one tied to each of her big toes.  
The slave could now move the vibrator by moving her toes, but she had no
  control over how deep it went into her quivering quim.  
I pinched her left nipple until it was very hard, then placed a loop of string
  over it and pulled it tight. The other end of the string was attached to her
  right nipple in the same manner. Lifting up the center of the string, I attached
  it to the small rope that was affixed to the side of the bucket and made sure
  it was barely taut, thereby pulling up slightly on her swollen nipples. After
  making a few adjustments to the ropes, I went outside and got the recirculating
  pump from the garage.  
When I returned, she was in a state of complete arousal, her nipples gently
  stretched upwards, her cunt just teased with the first three inches of the
  vibrator, unable to get it into her smoldering pussy any further because her
  curled toes were pulling on the strings which only aided the removal of the
  toy. I placed the suction hose from the pump into the pool at her feet and
  fixed the outlet hose to the beam overhead, pointing down at the bucket. As
  I moved the pump away from the pool for safety reasons, she seemed to relax
  and let out a muffled sigh, her head hanging down in submission to her predicament.  
&quot;Time to warm you up, slave&quot;, I said sarcastically as I lifted
  her chin and she looked at the cat-o-nine tails I held in my hands. Draping
  the whip over her shoulder, I reached down and turned the vibrator on. She
  immediately tensed up and looked up at me with her glassy eyes. I removed her
  gag and kissed her full on the mouth, causing her to squirm and pull on the
  nipple rope.  
&quot;Twenty lashes, cunt - and ten more for each miscount!&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Master. Thank you, Master&quot; , she responded breathlessly.  
I stepped to one side of her bound body, twirling the whip with a &quot;whooshing&quot; sound.
  The first stroke was fairly mild, only serving to warm her up and allow her
  to relax into her punishment.  
&quot;One, Master. Thank you, Master&quot;  
 As each stroke was delivered with increasing force to her quivering ass,
  her toes curled and pulled the dildo slightly out of her cunt, only to have
  it forced slowly back by the weight of the bucket as she relaxed for the next.
  By the time I had delivered the tenth stroke she was sweating in her bondage
  and quivering, her slave cunt vibrating relentlessly and her nipples harder
  than ever before. Her eyes were just slits as she relaxed into her ordeal of
  pain and pleasure. I decided to blindfold her, then added a latex hood with
  holes for both nose and mouth. I continued the whipping, but the last ten strokes
  were to be a real test of concentration and sensual overload..............  
The eleventh stroke was placed heavily across the tops of her buttocks.........and
  she responded....  
&quot;Eleven, Master. Thank you, Master&quot;  
I immediately applied the next stroke, swinging from my shoulder down and
  causing the strands to curl between her spread legs and land on the tethered
  dildo..........and she whimpered.....  
&quot;Twelve, Master. Thank you, Master&quot;  
I waited a full minute, letting her anticipate the next stroke, watching
  her writhe in her bondage.  
I then whipped her just below the left buttock, swinging across the top of
  her leg.  
&quot;Thirteen....&quot;, and before she could finish I whipped her again
  in the same spot.............  
&quot;Fourteen, Master. Thank you, Master&quot;..........she seemed determined
  not to lose count....  
I decided to finish her quickly..........two to the other leg, two to her
  back, two to her red ass.  
&quot;Fifteen, M...sixteen, Ma....seventeen, Mas.....eighteen, Mast......nineteen,
  Maste.........twenty, Master. Th-th-th-ank you, M-m-master&quot;. She had taken
  it well, this slave of mine.  
Fully aroused, I opened my fly and began to stroke my rampant cock directly
  in front of her.  
Her eyes opened wide at the sight of my engorged organ, and she trembled
  as I moved closer.  
Perhaps she thought I would take pleasure in her slave ass, but I simply
  took some pre-cum on my fingers and wiped it inside her nostrils and under
  her nose. The smell of her Master seemed to jolt her senses and she began to
  moan constantly as she inhaled the masculine scent, her nostrils trying to
  savor all she could............  
&quot;Please, Master?&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps later, slave. Time for your shower&quot;. I replaced the gag
  and went over to the pump and turned it on, selecting the slow setting. I returned
  to my chair, lit a cigarette, took a sip of scotch and waited for the show
  to begin...........................  
Her moans could be heard over the sound of slowly dripping water as the pump
  transferred the fluid from the pool into the overhead bucket. As the bucket
  filled, the increasing weight pulled on the crotch rope, gradually forcing
  the slick vibrator further into the depths of the slave's sopping cunt. Millimeter
  by millimeter, inch by inch, the humming intruder began the maddening and relentless
  onslaught into her hungry core, restrained from full penetration only by the
  elastic cord attached to the spreader bar. By the time the phallus was halfway
  inserted, the weight of the bucket had picked up the slack in the small rope
  attached to her swollen nipples. As they were stretched upwards, she looked
  at me wide-eyed and tried to alleviate the tension by tilting her head backwards.
  But it was no use. The water kept flowing, the bucket got heavier, her cunt
  was forced open even further, and the tension on her nipples only got tighter.
  The situation was definitely getting to her. She discovered that she could
  use her toes to wriggle the toy around in her dripping pussy but that speeding
  up the penetration was impossible.  
 The moment of truth was almost at hand. The slave was moaning constantly
  as the final three inches of silicone found their way into her slick, juicy
  opening. Just as it seemed that her swollen nipples could stretch no more,
  the bucket tilted far enough to allow the water to cascade down over her naked,
  bound, and trembling body. As the bucket continued to empty, the tension on
  her nipples eased and the dripping vibrator was halfway withdrawn from her
  swollen cunt by the force of the elastic cord. Soaking wet, moaning constantly
  and now relieving her bladder into the pool below, the suffering slave cunt
  finally came to terms with her hopeless predicament. Hanging her head in subjugation,
  she gave a long muffled sigh before the tell-tale sound of water dripping into
  the bucket once again rejuvenated her senses.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  windsor_rook


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





