BDSM Library - The Trials and Tribulations of Tim




The Trials and Tribulations of Tim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this sequel to "Jill's Wild Weekend", Tim has a parting of the ways with those family members responsible for mistreating his soon to be ex-wife. This results in some radical realignments in relationships, attitudes and sexuality. Plenty of sex, enough violence to satisfy all but the most jaded among us, and demented humor are some of this story's features.
				THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF TIM


					Chapter 1


	Tim came in from the garage to find Randi working on a new torture
device that he was planning to use on Jill.

	" Where is our star slave? ", he asked.

	 Randi grinned evilly and replied, " I'll give you three guesses. "

 	Tim rolled his eyes and sighed. " Downstairs with Nana, where else. " 
Randi nodded and continued his work.

	" Look, I'm the one that owns her, and yet I'm the one that gets to use
her the least. Between your brothers, Nana, Angela, the outcall S&M service, you
and your freaky friends, Wilson, Eileen, Heidi, not to mention Al and my dumb
brother, there never seems to be any time for me to do my thing. I know that
having the doctor pump her titties up to 40D was not the smartest thing I've
ever done. Her outcall business nearly doubled, but so did her hospital bills.
All it boiled down to was less time for my recreational needs. Not only that,
but based on the kind of treatment those melons are getting, she'll need some
major repair work, or worse still, another boob job inside of 6 months."

 	Randi smirked and said, " Let's face it dad, those tits are too much of
a good thing, and everyone knows it except you."

	Tim shook his head and asked " What was her crime this time? "

 	" She pissed in Nana's bed this afternoon, " replied the boy.

 	Tim shrugged and said, " So? Ever since that guy rammed that hollow
metal rod up her urethra she needs to be catheterized. Even I know that it's not
her fault."

 	" Tell that to Nana, she's really pissed off, if you'll pardon the pun."
his son answered.

 	Tim grunted for a few seconds before heading for the special torture
chamber he had built as a gift for his mother-in-law. They had had some
tremendous times down there making Jill wish that she'd never been born. However
the wear and tear on her was beginning to worry him because he hadn't been
involved in putting most of that recent mileage on his wife's body.

	Tim gasped at the sight that greeted his eyes.

 	" Oh my god! " he exclaimed. " No Nana, don't do that, please don't do
that! "

 	Nana stopped in mid-swing and looked over to Tim. As she did, Jill,
naked and securely chained to the water wheel that Tim had recently constructed,
began another journey through the icy waters contained within the custom-made
tub.

 	" Stride, then hit! Stride then hit!  How do you expect to get any oomph
into those blows when you just stand there flat-footed and whack away at her
like that. "

	Before Jill resurfaced, Tim had taken the length of rubber hose from his
mother-in-law, stepped back and prepared to demonstrate the proper way to lay
into his helpless wife. Waiting until Jill was on the verge of going under, he
lunged forward and drove the hose into her soft stomach. This caused Jill to
begin swallowing and breathing water once the shock of the blow had registered.

	Nana clapped her hands and shouted, " Good one Tim! "

 	He smiled and bowed as he handed the truncheon over to his hot looking
mother-in-law.

	" Love your outfit. " Tim said with a leer, his eyes taking in the
woman's white cotton panties and matching utilitarian bra, both fighting losing
struggles to contain her Rubenesque body.

 	Nana had recently treated herself to a boob job, dipping into Jill's
savings to pay for it. The fact that it meant her daughter had to take on even
more customers interested only in seeing how much pain she could take, caused
Nana not a moment's guilt. After all, it was she who had suffered to bring Jill
into this world, and it was she who nurtured her child until she could at last
reach the point that she could begin to repay her mother for all her past
kindnesses. Her panties revealed that Nana was living the good life. The
waistband was under siege and a few additional pounds had breached the top of
her briefs.

	The fruit of her loins surfaced, sputtering and choking on all the water
she'd taken in during her submersion. Nana flattened her daughter's stretched,
silicone loaded tits and then managed to land a second blow to her crimson,
shaved pussy just as Jill's head broke the surface of the frigid water that was
being cooled by yet another of Tim's machines.

	" Your wife pissed in my bed this afternoon. Actually she pissed in our
bed this afternoon, and I'm going to make sure she doesn't pull that stunt ever
again." Nana said as she waited for Jill to reemerge from the bath.

	 " What happened, did the plug come out? " he asked.

	" No, I finally took that damned piece of pipe out of her pisshole. It
was getting in the way of what I was doing to her, so I yanked it out. Damned if
the stupid cunt didn't howl like a banshee and then pissed all over my clean
sheets."

	Tim cringed at her words and replied, " That must have really hurt.

	" Nana sighed and said, " No darling, all I did was break a fingernail
which my lovely daughter, the tramp, will pay dearly for once I finish punishing
her for wetting our bed. "

	Tim grinned and replied, " Since she pissed in our bed, shouldn't we be
punishing her? " Nana licked her lips and nodded her head.

	For the next thirty minutes or so Nana and Tim took target practice on
Jill's bare shivering body as she was mercilessly dunked over and over by the
water wheel. Tim couldn't resist tinkering with the speed controls and towards
the end of the session his wife was spending almost a minute beneath the chilled
water. That also gave him and his mother-in-law lots of time to drub her big
tits, soft belly and raw cunt with the hose and his heavy belt, the one with the
cowboy buckle that really bit into Jill's tender twat and sore tits. Finally
they had to stop because Jill had begun to turn blue, not from the cold but from
lack of oxygen due to her lengthy stays underwater.

	A few jolts from the car battery often used to torture her, got Jill's
heart started, but she was too weak to provide much fun. Nana suggested they
adjourn to the bedroom and test the fresh sheets that had replaced the ones Jill
had soiled. Nana had made sure that Jill sucked every drop of piss from both the
old sheets and the mattress before taking her downstairs for punishment.

	Tim couldn't resist giving Jill one more slow cycle through the frigid
water of the tank. Once she was completely submerged he turned off the machine
and counted to fifty, very slowly, watching the bubbles that were coming from
Jill's nostrils break the surface. Once they stopped, he turned the wheel back
on to bring her up. His wife was unconscious and shivering. It took three tries
with the battery before she began coughing and sputtering. He cupped Nana's
asscheek and gave it a healthy squeeze. " Let's work up an appetite for dinner."
He whispered.

	Nana sighed and stretched, her stomach coated with the last offering
from Tim. His two previous loads were percolating inside her steamy cunt,
waiting for Jill's tongue to ferret them out and swallow every salty drop. She
listened to the sound of Tim's piss flooding the toilet bowl, noting that his
aim was considerably improved once she had taken some of the starch out of his
huge cock. " Tim, go downstairs and get Jill so she can clean me before dinner."

	Her son-in-law came out and mimicked her voice, saying " Tim, put out
the garbage. Tim, fuck me. Tim, eat my pussy. Tim, bring Jill up so she can suck
all that nasty cum out of my perfect pussy. "

	Nana giggled at his impish face and said softly, " Tim, you are
absolutely just what the doctor ordered for this old gal." He bowed and gave her
a wicked grin. " Glad to be of service. "

	Nana wondered what was taking Tim so long. Had the session left Jill in
worse shape than she had thought?  Was he on the damned phone making a date to
screw one of those coeds that Jill used to take classes with? Was it one of the
professors he was putting the make on? Before she could add to her growing list
of worries, Tim came through the door bearing their dinner. "Tim Taylor, master
of all trades and women, at your service my sexy senior citizen."

	 Nana broke into a smile that mirrored her happiness to see their dinner
and her relief that nothing was wrong. Then she asked, " Where's Jill? "

	Tim grinned and replied, "She's downstairs taking care of the tab for
dinner as well as giving the delivery boy a nice big tip."

	 " The black guy with the huge cock? She asked.

	" How would you know how big his cock was?" Tim replied, quick as a
flash. " Don't tell me you're cheating on me already, and we're not even
officially engaged yet. How could you? "

	It was Nana's turn to nail Tim for his constant womanizing. " It's easy;
I just behave the same way you do. I see something I want, I go after it. In
your case it's young pussy, in my case it's young cock! Do you have a problem
with that? " 

	Tim bowed once again and replied, " Touch�, now let's eat, I'm hungry
and I'll need my strength to properly take care of this mature fuck maniac that
I'm currently sleeping with."

	Jill, arms secured to her sides by a special Velcro harness, another
little invention of her soon to be ex-husband, licked Tim's balls until they
glistened. He in turn was sucking on her mother's silicone enhanced breasts. She
had finally finished sucking and licking every drop of Tim's cum from Nana's
cunt, and hoped that soon they would give her tongue some rest. She even dared
to think that perhaps Tim might want to use her asshole. It had been at least a
week since he had stretched her sphincter with his monster cock.

	Tim chuckled as he read some of the e-mails that Jill's site had been
getting. " Here's a good one. Dear Jill. I want to hang you from your tits with
barbed wire and then add weights to your feet until the wire cuts those big
knockers right off your chest. I know that could ruin them, but I don't care.  I
know Tim will figure out a way to sew them back so I can do something else to
them in the future. Don't worry about bleeding too much, because I'll burn the
stumps with hot irons. Looking forward to a very fun time. Oh, did I tell you
that while the wire is ripping off those nice titties of yours, I'll be shoving
those hot irons up your asshole and cunt to keep your mind off what's happening
to your tits." 

	Nana slapped at him as she said, " That's not very original. I really
liked the one where the guy wanted to paint her toenails black and then use a
laser to get them so hot that they'd blow up."

	Tim arched his eyebrows and gave her his best boyish grin. "Somebody
wants some aged pussy." Nana whispered.

	" What I like about my sexy mother-in-law,is she can read my mind when
it comes to pussy. " Tim replied, reaching for his mother-in-law, who was
pushing Jill onto the floor to provide room enough for them to fuck.

	Fucking on a full stomach didn't turn out to be so nice for either
party. So a compromise was struck. While he relaxed on his back, Nana skillfully
jacked his cock into his wife's mouth. She was also giving him deep, wet French
kisses and caressing his hard balls. " Tim darling, why don't you give poor Jill
some attention? I'll bet she'd just love to take that big hard cock of yours up
her shitter, wouldn't that be fun? "

 	A few minutes later Jill was on her stomach, her face planted in her
mother's cunt while her husband's gigantic cock split her tight asshole and
burrowed deep inside her colon, stressing the tender walls of her shit chute to
their limit. While he sank his weapon between her saggy asscheeks he noted the
scars from recent punishment sessions, realizing that he had been absent for
most of them. He got annoyed and took it out on Jill, really drilling her
spasming asshole as she grunted into her mother's swampy fuck box, her tongue
searching for all the sweet spots that Nana had carefully mapped out for her.
Finally with a loud series of macho grunts he filled his wife's rectum with a
monster load of hot cum.

	Brad stuck his head into the bedroom at this time, asking if he could
take Jill with him to Angela's house. She was having some friends over and
wanted Jill to be the entertainment.

	" I suppose that means my wife, and your mother, will do her doggy
thing. I'm beginning to worry about your mom getting too tight with those dogs.
I hear she insists on sucking them off before and after they drill her out, and
she's also starting to take them up the ass as well. That definitely has me
worried." Brad merely shrugged and stood there waiting for Tim's permission. " I
want you to gag her and keep the harness on her until she's there. I also want
you to be damn sure that she's properly zipped into that body bag I had made for
her. You make sure she's properly stowed away inside the trunk trapdoor. I don't
ever want a repetition of what happened when you got stopped for speeding. You
were lucky that the cop was alone and a fan of my show. We all could have gotten
into a lot of trouble for contributing to the delinquency of a parent, even one
as fucked up as your mother."

	Brad grinned stupidly, brains were not his strong suit, and promised to
make sure that Jill was handled according to Tim's instructions. Then he watched
as Jill licked and sucked Tim's cum from his cock and balls, making sure they
were squeaky clean before moving her head from his groin.

	Once Brad had left with Jill, Tim cuddled up with Nana, squeezing her
new tits and tweaking her nipples as she sucked on his tongue and jacked his
flaccid cock. " Is it my imagination, or is Jill losing weight? " he asked, his
hand palming her hairless cunt and giving it an affectionate squeeze. Nan moaned
and then shivered as little shocks radiated from her pussy.

	" You may be right, I noticed that her gut was going away when I had her
on the water wheel this afternoon."

	Tim grunted and said, " When's the last time anybody fed her? "

	Nana shrugged, " Beats me lover. She hasn't had anything today, that's
for sure and yesterday she spent the day with that weird family of women who are
into extreme water sports. I doubt she had anything there unless it was liquid
and probably recycled. "

	Tim chuckled at her remark. " Oh yes, Rhonda, her two sisters and dear
old mom, what a quartet of sickos! I sometimes think I should make them pay for
Jill's services just like the rest of her customers. But then Randi would get
mad at me. I think my boy has a crush on that pig. It might be fun though to get
her over here for a nice long weekend and see how much flab could be worked off
that pudgy body. Maybe that's what I'll do; trade her even up for Jill the next
time her family wants to use her. Randi probably wouldn't mind too much provided
his grandma gave him a little extra pussy, or perhaps introduced him to another
sexy senior citizen eager to assist in his sex education. " They both laughed
before nature took its course and the sexual sparks began to fly once more.


                                           

			
					(To be continued)




				THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF TIM


					


                                          Chapter 2


	All hell broke loose the next morning. Tim went ballistic when he
discovered that Jill had been left overnight in the trunk of the car. She was
unconscious and dehydrated from being kept in the rubber-coated body bag without
any ventilation. She had also puked sometime during her stay in the bag. The
ball gag used to silence her hadn't helped either, forcing her to vomit through
her nostrils. Jill looked like a drowned rat, covered with puke and piss.
Evidently she had been used as a toilet during the evening at Angela's, and
without a catheter she had filled the body bag with lots of recycled piss. Once
Tim was sure that his slave wife wasn't dead, he went up to Brad's room and woke
him up with a blow to his head. It took two or three more to get the boy's
attention and make him realize that he had fucked up big time. By then Mark,
Randi and Nana had come rushing into Brad's room to see what was causing all the
commotion. They soon found out in no uncertain terms.

	" I am fucking sick and tired of this shit! You three guys are fucking
totally out of hand, and this shit is immediately stopping right fucking now!
Brad, you dumb piece of shit, you fucking forgot or fucking didn't care to get
your mother out of the fucking trunk. Do you know how close that poor dumb bitch
came to buying the fucking farm? Do you fucking realize all the headaches that
would cause me? I'd have to pay somebody to dispose of the body and make sure it
stayed disposed. I'd have to figure out some way to get a new slave to make up
for the fucking loss of income her being fucking dead would cause! Nana wouldn't
be able to keep rebuilding her body without the money coming in from Jill's web
site, and take it from me, that old pussy of hers really needs some serious
realignment in the very near fucking future!"

 	"So from now on here's what's going to happen! Number one, no more trips
for Jill to Rhonda's. Let that fat piece of shit and her stupid family find
somebody else to piss on and into. Number two, that little prick-teaser Angela
is going to have to find a new bitch for her fucking dogs. Number three, no more
trips for Jill downstairs to the workout room unless I give my permission, and
that means everyone, including Nana, who can't seem to remember when her
daughter was fed last!  Number four, no more trying out new torture devices on
Jill unless I give my approval. Number five, Jill gets two cans of dog food
every fucking day! Number six, Jill gets clean drinking water every fucking day!
Number seven, until further notice none of you assholes are allowed to touch
Jill without my permission. Number eight, Rhonda, Angela and any other cunts
that you three assholes are porking are not welcome in this house unless they
agree to spend one fucking entire weekend in my basement workshop learning some
manners. Now get the fuck out of my sight before I really get pissed off and
kick your fucking asses until they come out of your stupid mouths."

	It was as if a bomb had gone off in the Taylor household. The shocked
boys scattered, while Nana stood there with her mouth open. " God, you really
make me wet when you act like that. Please come to bed and give me the kind of
punishment I deserve, a good hard ass fucking. Then I'll suck you until you're
hard enough to split my scrawny asshole again. Once we get Jill straightened
away I want you to take me downstairs and give me hell. These old bones really
need a good top to bottom beating and anything else you want to do to me."

	Tim grunted happily at her response. "First things first, help me get
Jill to the hospital. I'm afraid she's going to be out of action for a few days.
She needs stuff like IVs, which I can't give her. Naturally the bill is going to
come out of your scrawny hide as well as those three dumb grandsons of yours."
Tim said with a grin that was more like a grimace. Nana's pussy began to
positively drip as she wondered what kind of punishments she would get from Tim.

	"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! " Tim said, smacking his forehead with each
outburst. The doctor stood there and watched, waiting for Tim to calm down
enough to explain what would have to be done to get Jill back on her feet. "It
looks like at least a month here and then perhaps another two months in bed at
home before she'll be ready for anything, and that includes fucking. Your wife
is not only suffering from severe dehydration, her bladder is badly infected and
her kidneys are bleeding. She has three broken ribs and one of them has created
a minor puncture of one lung. Her vagina, perineum and rectum have been torn and
will require surgery to repair. No dog was responsible for those wounds. I'd say
she was repeatedly fucked by a pony, and a well hung one at that. Finally she
has suffered some amount of brain damage, probably caused by lack of oxygen.
Lucky for her you brought her in when you did. Another few hours and your wife
might have died from these injuries. I presume they were caused by accidents
around the home?"

	Tim nodded and grunted, still in shock over what he had been told. He
turned towards Nana, who was checking out a young black orderly and said, " I
guess we better go home. I have some business to take care of with you and the
boys." Nana's face blanched at his words.

	There is a saying about time healing all wounds. That was not the case
for the Taylor family. Tim and to an extent, Jill, were recovering, but Nana and
the boys were just beginning to appreciate the depth of the shit they were in.
One peek into Tim's bedroom would prove that things had definitely changed
between Tim and Nana. Tim was resting up after fucking Heidi for the second
time. Heidi was laying on her back, legs spread, enjoying the feel of Nana's
lips and tongue on her puffy pussy lips as the older woman suctioned Tim's cum
from Heidi's cunt. "Wow Tim, that was a great fuck! I sure hope you've got
enough time to give it to me up the ass. Nobody stretches a sphincter like you
do." Heidi gasped as Nana noisily slurped up the salty goo from her gash.

	Tim took a good look at his mother-in-law's naked body, now covered with
dark bruises, welts, cuts and even angry looking burns. He made a mental note to
turn down the power the next time he used the soldering iron on Nana. He was
planning on burning her cunt lips and maybe even her clit the next time. He
chuckled to himself at the prospect of hearing her beg for mercy as he ran the
hot iron up and down her sloppy snatch, teasing her before he let it slide up
into her fuck hole to sizzle as it fried her sensitive mucous membranes just
enough to make having sex very painful for at least a week. It was good to be
the man. He wondered if Wilson was having as much fun with Nana during the day
while Tim was off working or hunting pussy.

	Letting the college have Brad for a test subject was a stroke of genius.
Not only were those women and girls making his life a living hell, they were
also providing Tim a steady supply of strange pussy that he happily porked
whenever he had the time. He was kind of surprised at how hot Jill's old
professor was in the sack. He had her pegged for a lesbian, but instead she went
both ways, big time!

 	Tim was already considering her as a potential replacement for his
mother-in-law. He knew Wilson would love to take Nana off his hands. The thought
of having her in the vicinity made good sense, since Nana's presence would
probably make Jill easier to handle when it came time to start pimping her out
again. Maybe he could pimp them out as a package deal and really rake in the
bucks. Now there was a great idea. He'd have to look into that more carefully
once things calmed down.

	Forty thousand dollars and counting, Tim could not believe the medical
bills. To make matters worse there had been complications. They had cut on Jill
a second time to remove some bone fragments lodged too close to her heart,
lengthening by another two weeks her stay in the hospital. Tim was facing a
financial disaster even with the insurance he had from Tool Time. These were
times for decisions, and it looked for all the world that Nana had to go. Wilson
had offered Tim twenty-five thousand for her. Tim had countered with an offer to
let her go for forty thousand, before he got the most recent bill for Jill's
treatment.

	He began to wonder what the boys might bring as sex slaves. He knew that
Brad's value was declining by the day as a result of the things that were being
done to him by the women of the college. Worse still, they were now renting him
out to sororities and feminist groups without even giving Tim a cut of the
proceeds. It was doubtful that Brad would survive much more of that with his
manhood intact. On the other hand there always was the possibility of
indenturing him to a rich gay man, provided a deal could be struck in the next
couple of weeks.

	Randi could become a moneymaker because the boy was infatuated with
older women and they had the kind of money that Tim would want to charge for his
son's services. Mark on the other hand had less appeal to rich older women, but
could probably bring in big bucks if he could be hooked up with the gay
community. When it came to money, Tim had no bias about who it came from. There
was also an outside chance that Mark could generate money by appearing in child
porno flicks as a stud. He might have the kind of look that appealed to some
pedophiles or match up well as the sex partner for very young girls.

	Tim decided to take a run out to the college where Brad was working as a
sex test dummy, at least that's what the girls called him. He hardly recognized
the boy strapped securely to the metal table, his legs spread wide and fastened
to the stirrups on the side. A metal hose clamp was screwed tightly around the
base of his purple cock. His balls were bright red and swollen to at least twice
their normal size.

	Half a dozen wires were glued to his nut sack, cock, and the region
between his balls and asshole. A hollow metal rod with more wires on it
protruded from the head of his cock. A much thicker rod was jammed into his
rectum, and it was wired to a console by the table. All the other wires were
joined into a harness that ran to another electrical panel. A plump girl with
pretty good tits was seated over his face in some kind of a sling that allowed
the region from her cunt to her asshole to be moved across Brad's mouth. His
tongue was lapping away on her hairless pubis and burrowing up between her
fleshy butt cheeks to get at her puckered asshole. She was playing with her
nipples and had a big smile on her face.

	"What kind of a test is that?" Tim asked. The girl gave him a big
friendly grin and said, "We're just taking a break. The professor had to go to
the john. She'll be right back. By the way, who are you, you look kind of
familiar?" Tim grinned and gave her a couple of quick grunts. "You're the tool
man!" she exclaimed. "Far fucking out. My friends say you have a real big cock.
Think you might be interested in fucking me after I get off work here?" Tim
smiled and shook his head. "Sorry honey, I'm just here long enough to see that
Brad is alive with his dick and balls still attached to his body." The girl
sighed and pressed her cunt mound down on Brad's face, causing him to struggle
against being smothered by the folds of flesh that now surrounded his mouth and
nose.


	"When he first got here he could really fuck up a storm. Now it takes an
hour to get him hard and another one to get him off. His prick used to get nice
and hard, now unless we use the clamp and electrically stimulate his balls and
prostate it's too limp to even penetrate my pussy, let alone fuck it." Tim gave
her his sad look when she said that. Shit, he thought to himself, I've got to
get Brad out of here soon or he won't be worth a plug nickel to anybody.

	"Can I help you?" Tim whirled at the sound of her voice and confronted a
tall, stern faced brunette wearing a white lab smock. She looked to be in her
mid 30s. He gave her his tool man smile and replied, "I'm Brad's dad, and I came
to check on how he was doing." The woman looked him over as if he were a test
subject before replying. "Not very well at the moment. He's of little use for my
experiment."

	She looked up at the naked student riding Brad's face and in a flat
voice said, "That will be all for the day, my dear. Before you remove the probes
measure his prostate and please hurry. He is supposed to be picked up by the MAP
people in a few minutes."  Tim frowned and asked, "MAP, who are they?" The
professor gave him a thin lipped smile and said, "A student club, Men Are Pigs,
devoted to showing young women how to defend themselves against the unwarranted
domination of the male species. I was once the president of this wonderful
organization."

	Tim scratched his head and grinned. "Where does Brad fit into this?" he
asked. "He will be subjected to various methods for repelling the male during an
assault. Two female members of the local police will demonstrate defense
strategies using him. They also intend to demonstrate a number of interrogation
techniques that they routinely use on men who are under suspicion for crimes
against women such as rape."

	Tim laughed and replied, "Rape? That's bullshit! All the cunt, I mean
woman, has to do is cross her legs and she's rape proof, everyone knows that!"
The woman smirked at Tim and said,  "I'm surprised you can walk erect with that
kind of an attitude."  Tim frowned and answered,  "I'll show you erect! When I
get through talking to my old fuck-buddy Dean Tighttwat your scrawny ass will be
out on the fucking street hustling winos and bums."

	The professor's response was to rip off her white lab coat to reveal a
body covered only by a demi-bra that was losing its battle with her D sized tits
and the briefest of sheer crotched bikini panties that showed her smooth shaven
cunt. She pirouetted to display a heart shaped ass mounted on a fabulous pair of
legs. "Does this look scrawny? If it does, you need more than manners, you need
glasses!" she exclaimed.

	Tim whistled, then he got off a series of powerful grunts, indicating
his approval of what she was displaying. "On second thought perhaps we can come
to some kind of truce long enough for me to try to fuck you stupid." he said
with his small boy grin, which never failed to melt the hardened female heart.

	It was her turn to offer the olive branch, dripping with pussy juice, as
he could see from the wet spot that was growing on the crotch of those
form-fitting bikinis. "I hope you'll excuse my outburst, it's just that as a
child I was sexually abused." Tim arched his eyebrows saying "You too? It seems
that half the women I know, including my wife, have been sexually abused when
they were kids. I sure hope you aren't as screwed up as Jill."

	Their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of three coeds to take
Brad to their meeting. They seemed to be mad at the world and from their
appearance, boycotting the makeup, shampoo, soap and fashion industries. "We're
here for the pig," one said. Tim mentally winced when he got a good gander at
how thin and wasted Brad really looked. "When do you expect to return him to the
lab?" asked the professor.

	"Late, very late, perhaps not until the morning. The FILM club is
meeting jointly with us and they have plans for him afterwards. I am not privy
to what they intend to do to him, but I do know that they have invited Professor
Lindholm from the Animal Husbandry Department as their guest speaker." The
professor smiled coldly and said, "I guess I'll plan on accepting him tomorrow
before classes. Enjoy you meeting."

	As soon as Brad heard the word, FILM, he began struggling frantically
against the straps holding him to the wheelchair. "What can be so bad about a
film club meeting?" Tim said to no one in particular. His companion laughed and
replied, "FILM stands for females into loathing men, and they are considered
quite radical, even by current standards."  Tim absent-mindedly scratched his
balls as he watched the trio guide Brad out of the laboratory. "Now what's this
about you being sexually abused?" he said.



                                                           
				(To be continued)




				THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF TIM


					
					Chapter 3



	It turned out to be a long story, but interesting enough for Tim to call
Wilson to ask that he keep Nana over night. Wilson was only too happy to do Tim
a favor. He sort of let the cat, or pussy, out of the bag when he commented that
Nana would now probably have enough time to recover from whatever rigors she had
endured so far. " You two are really getting to be an item. " Tim noted. Wilson,
ever the pedant, corrected him, " No Tim, we four are getting to be an item.
Don't forget that Yuko and her granddaughter are also intimately involved with
freeing your lovely mother-in-law from all her inhibitions. " Tim grunted and
hung up, his attention now focused on the professor, who's name was Muffin. She
had removed her underwear and spread her cunt lips wide for his inspection. "
Nice and pink, just the way I like it," he observed." Now let's hear your long
sad story while I check out how that clam of yours tastes." Muffin groaned with
delight as Tim's talented tongue began to make her cunt get very, very wet.
Between gasps she gave him the gory details.

	" When I was 12 my parents divorced. Dad had found someone younger and
in better shape then my poor mother who had been brutally treated for as long as
I could remember. One particular image that seemed to sum up their relationship
was burned into my memory a few months before he finally left. The door to the
bathroom was open as usual, as he did not believe in privacy when it came to
hurting my mother. She was naked, as usual, and squatting over a huge dildo,
about half of it inside her vagina. Her hands were clasped and resting on the
top of her head. Mom's body was crisscrossed with welts, some very fresh, cuts
and ugly bruises, especially on her breasts and around her genitals. Her stomach
was bulging from the enema he had administered. That was one of his favorite
methods to punish her for her sins, as he described them. He was urinating into
her open mouth and she was doing her best to swallow it all."

	Tim came up for air at this point and said, " I wonder if he belonged to
one of the fraternities at my college. That was one of their favorite things to
do. They used to have contests to see whose date could drink the most piss, or
hold the most beer without pissing. I used to enter Jill all the time. We'd
strip those babes down to their panties and make them squat with their hands on
top of their heads while we fed them beer and made them suck cock, waiting for
someone to piss in her panties; loser had to drink the other girls' piss. The
other way we would make them drink our piss which would be collected for a day
or two before the party; first one to puke was gangbanged by all the piss
contributors."

	"That damned girl never won a single contest. She was forever getting
gangbanged, drinking the other girls' piss, or going down on them because she
was such a loser. Sometimes I thought she was tanking because deep down she was
really a lesbian, or a nymphomaniac. After she would lose, I'd lay the leather
to her ass until it looked like raw meat, but that never got me anything except
a sore shoulder. I now know that she's pretty straight, in fact going down on
her mother embarrasses her. Can you believe it, a forty-year-old woman ashamed
to eat her own mother's pussy?" Muffin gasped in disbelief at his words, then
groaned as his knowing tongue went back to work on her juicy cunt. So she
continued her sad story as he tickled and triple tongued her twitching twat.

	" Mom's second husband was as dominant as dad, and worse still, he came
with twin boys who were as strong willed as their father. It was then that I
realized mom was a total masochist and completely lacked any self-esteem. I'll
never know whether she was born that way or had it beaten into her by my dad.
The minute they were married my life became a living hell. I was low female on
the totem pole. Fredrik ruled the roost with an iron hand and to break any of
his rules meant instant discipline usually in the form of a brutal rape. "The
cunt, asshole and tits are a woman's pain centers," he preached to his sons,
"never forget that." Fredrik was a widower and I began to believe that he had
probably fucked his first wife to death based on what mom and I were getting as
a regular diet. There seemed to be little distinction between mom and I when it
came to being raped. We were both subject to the discipline of Fredrik and his
twin sons. Of course in the case of a tie, Fredrik got the first crack at
however was unfortunate enough to have broken one of his million rules." 

	Tim decided that he was getting too horny to continue eating Muffin's
muffin, so he quickly mounted her and slammed all ten inches of his rock-hard
cock into her soaking wet pussy. When she grunted, he gave her his best boyish
grin and then proceeded to fuck her so hard and fast that her eyes crossed and
her body shook like she was having a seizure. He pounded away on her, grabbing
handfuls of tit, which he yanked, twisted and seemed to be trying to separate
from her chest. Muffin yelped as he crushed her stiff nipples between his thumb
and forefinger while impaling her sloppy snatch on his pistoning cock. It felt
as if his cock was punching her in the stomach, so forceful were his thrusts.
This was truly a tool man, with the emphasis on tool, as in big tool, as in big
cock.

	She began to wonder if she would survive the brutal battering her cunt
pipe was taking.  "If I start bleeding, I'm out of here!" she thought to herself
as her tits bounced in rhythm with his furious assault on her sex center. Then
suddenly she was in heaven, carried away by an orgasm of such power that she
thought she was going to pass out. "Where did that come from, and may I please
have another before this man fucks me to death?" she thought, her back arching
and hips pumping frantically in an attempt to get him even deeper into her
spasming snatch. Tim grunted and switched to an even higher fucking gear.
Muffin's eyes rolled back in her head, her cunt squirted pussy juice all over
the bed, and she fainted dead away. Tim hardly noticed and continued drilling
her until with a loud groan he pumped a huge load of steaming cum into her tired
twat.

	"Oh my god, I've never been fucked like that!" Muffin exclaimed when she
regained consciousness. Tim merely grunted and pointed to his slimy cock. "I
usually don't clean up when the man makes a mess of my bed, but considering what
just happened, I suppose I will." Muffin captured Tim's tool and began to
suction the mixture of his cum and her pussy juice from it, also taking the
opportunity to swirl her tongue over the bulbous head and stick the tip into his
pee hole. By the time every trace of his and her bodily fluids had been removed
from his cock and balls, Tim was considering another foray into her furrow.
Realizing this, and not knowing whether she could take another heavy duty
fucking so soon, Muffin got back to her story.

	"All of us went on the honeymoon and when we returned home my poor pussy
was so sore and swollen, that it was difficult even to pee. Fredrik took my
cherry while mom and his sons watched. I bled quite a bit, but that didn't stop
Erik and Gunter from taking their turns. To make sure I cooperated, they cuffed
my hands behind my back and gagged me with my panties before I was raped. Then
Fredrik made mom go down on me to suck the blood and cum out of my puffy cunt.
While she did that, he lubed up her asshole and began to ream it out with
vicious thrusts that made her scream into my bloated fuck box. It went downhill
from there.

 	Fredrik made mom and I wear thong bikinis and walk around the pool so
that the men could get a good look at us. Considering that mom measured
38D-25-37 we got a lot of attention. I hadn't begun to fill out yet, but my
boyish body caught the eye of the Lolita crowd, who are everywhere. When either
of us were propositioned both of us would accompany him, or in some cases the
couple, to their room where we did as we were told. To insure our obedience
Fredrik always spoke to our playmates before we were taken away, making sure
that we realized that severe punishment would be due for any unfavorable reports
from our new friends. Mom was fucked in the ass almost exclusively because
Fredrik told them that's what really turned her on. I had to give blowjobs, eat
pussy and let them pound my poor pussy to a pulp, all the while securely cuffed
to make it easier to rape me.

 	Since we had adjoining rooms, mom and I would shuttle between them so
Fredrik and his sons could give it to both of us every night. I was really
worried because no one was using condoms, even the strangers that picked us up
at the pool. Mom didn't seem to care, but I was scared to death about either
catching some kind of a disease, or worse still, getting pregnant. I was lucky
then, but things would even out later.

	Once the honeymoon was over we all settled into a routine. Mine involved
fucking, sucking, eating, sleeping and going to school. Mom's was even simpler
because she didn't have to go to school.  I think mom missed being beaten up,
but Fredrik, ever the good husband, tried to compromise by doing things to her
body that didn't leave marks. I saw mom take enemas that made her look as if she
was eight months pregnant and hold them while he and his sons took turns
pounding away on her hot, wet pussy. I watched while they made her drink a
gallon of soda, then gagged her so that when she was forced to throw-up, the
soda exited from her nostrils, causing her to pass out. The sons liked to make
her eat soap and drink vinegar, a horrible mixture that made her vomit
explosively until her insides felt as if they had been beaten with a lead pipe.
Mom really liked that punishment, I could tell because she would beg to be
fucked up the ass when she recovered consciousness.

	Mom's nymphomania surfaced with a vengeance while she was married to
Fredrik. I don't think he was really prepared for it.  However, he proved to be
quite resourceful when it came to addressing this challenge to his masculinity. 
He put ads in various swinger and sex magazines to attract men to fuck mom. He
even allowed the magazines to publish unretouched, nude photos of mom showing
her engaged in sex with a variety of men, most of them Fredrik's friends or men
he owed favors to. Mom became almost a cult figure in this underground world as
more and more pictures of her doing what came naturally and unnaturally
circulated. In today's world she would have been an Internet icon."

	At this point Tim gave a loud series of grunts and slapped her smartly
on the ass, leaving an imprint. Muffin gasped in pain and shock. Before she
could question his motive, he said, "Quit using all those big words! Speak
English and get to the damned point. I don't give a fuck about your mother! What
happened to make you so screwed up?" Stifling a sob or two and still rubbing her
ass where Tim had smacked her, she resumed her story.

	"Except when mom was out working an overnight gangbang or had been
completely booked for motel dates that evening, I slept with the twins, which
was murder. A fifteen-year-old boy is nothing but a support system for his dick,
and I had to deal with two of them! Then to make it even more interesting I was
restrained with handcuffs. The only thing that saved me from being fucked to
death, especially on Friday or Saturday nights, was the fact that they came like
jackrabbits. After three or four fast rounds my pussy would get a little rest,
but I was always sucking a cock, no matter what else was happening. It would
take at least two or three hours before they had enough pussy for the night."

	"The real rough nights were when I had to pull double duty, first taking
care of my stepfather with his huge cock, and then facing the onslaught of his
horny sons. I began to worry that I was going to take after my mother, because
after a few hours of hard fucking I was no longer being raped as far as I was
concerned. In fact, it was beginning to feel good and when they'd stop I'd be
kind of disappointed." Tim chuckled and squeezed her firm ass cheek, the one
he'd slapped. Then he planted a wet kiss on the imprint of his hand. To say that
Muffin melted into a puddle of pussy juice at this moment would not be an
exaggeration. "Oh god Tim, please use your big tool on me some more, I really
need it," she whispered.

	"Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it." Those words ran
through Muffin's mind as Tim's huge tool opened up her backdoor. Muffin's
asshole hadn't been used by anything this big since she had been a graduate
student who for extra seminar credit had allowed her advisor intimate access to
her body. The good professor often had used a strap on dildo molded from the
erect sex organ of one of the major black porn stars to adjust the dimensions of
Muffin's vagina and rectum.

	Muffin grunted into the pillow as Tim shifted his hips enough to wedge
another inch of his thick cock into her poor little puckered asshole. At least
he had used some of that lube she kept in the bed stand. His big hands were
wrapped around her tits, and as he slowly worked deeper into her anal passage,
those poor tits were stretched painfully as he used them to anchor his body atop
hers. " It sure is tight," Tim whispered as he rocked his hips from side to side
in order to stretch her ass channel wider. She arched her back as another inch
sank between her buttocks. "Getting there is half the fun." Tim observed with a
laugh. "Fun for you, no fun for me." Muffin thought to herself.

	Tim now slowly withdrew his cock until only the head was captured by her
sphincter. Then with a loud grunt he drove it deep inside her asshole. Muffin
thought she had just taken a telephone pole up her ass, so great was the pain.
"Oh my god, he's splitting me in two!" she thought. Once more he withdrew and
again he skewered her almost completely. On his third thrust he penetrated her
totally, his balls bouncing off her sweaty asscheeks. Then the fun really began.

	"I can't believe I just had a huge orgasm from being fucked in the ass."
As these words echoed in her head Muffin diligently applied herself to the task
of cleaning the unrecognizable deposit from her stretched anal channel that now
coated Tim's cock. She was on her back, arms spread wide, with Tim astraddle,
working his cock within the tunnel he had created by squeezing, then forcing her
sweaty tits together with his strong hands. On each stroke he finished inside
her warm suctioning mouth. Muffin tried to recreate what had happened to her in
the last twenty or so minutes. She knew what had happened was as real as the
pool of slit sludge that she laid in. She remembered feeling the wetness as her
cunt squirted in sympathy with the spasms that radiated from her clenched
asshole.

	First there had been the pain associated with her alimentary canal
attempting to accommodate to the long thick invader. After a few more powerful
thrusts that made her teeth grind in agony, the pain began to change from sharp
stabs to more like a dull ache as he settled into a rhythm. Then to her
amazement the ache was replaced by a numbness that was almost soothing. She
could hear the sound of his cock penetrating and bottoming out inside her
clenched asshole, but the pain had disappeared.

	Muffin began to relax and Tim picked up the pace. Now she experienced a
new sensation, a tingling that was definitely not uncomfortable. As she
struggled to mentally cope with what was happening, Tim shifted his weight and
adjusted himself so that the angle of attack on her tender rectum subtly
changed. Now she felt a new sensation that was good, very good, and it was
radiating in pulses from her asshole and transmitting directly into her cunt.

	A short time later Tim began to rock his hips, creating a corkscrew
motion to the thrusts her asshole was getting. The pleasure pulses became
stronger and soon were synchronized to the movement of his cock. Moments later
an explosion, centered deep inside her expanding and contracting anal passage,
rocked her body. The shock wave quickly connected to her mind, sending it
soaring into a new dimension of pleasure, her cunt spurting and spurting again,
soaking the sheets with her sex juices. The last thing she remembered was the
hot fluid gushing free from the confines of her boiling sex slit.

	When Tim was satisfied that Muffin had done a thorough job of cleaning
his cock, he got off her and went to the bathroom to take a leak. As he left Tim
suggested strongly that Muffin clean up the area. When he returned she was just
fitting the bed with fresh sheets. He spanked her ass affectionately and got
into bed. " Now what happened next? " he asked. Muffin resumed her story while
Tim played with her stiff nipples, tweaking and pinching them.


				

					(To be continued)




				THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF TIM



					Chapter 4


	"A doctor friend of Fredrik implanted an IUD into mom and put her on the
pill because she was fucking so much those days. When she was home it seemed
like the bedsprings never stopped squeaking. It was the first thing I heard when
I woke up and the sound that lulled me to sleep every night. At the same time I
also went on the pill, a much milder one than mom was on and only a quarter of
her dose. Mom was taking a souped up version of the most powerful pill on the
market and it worked for her."

	"I on the other hand had nothing but problems. The pill seemed to work
in reverse. Instead of eliminating my period, it made it heavier. I would have
to use jumbo sanitary napkins to get through the day." Tim began to grunt
uncontrollably at this point. " Stop talking about periods! That's disgusting, I
don't want to hear anymore about that kind of stuff. Get to the good parts." Tim
said in a loud voice while he tried to yank Muffin's tits from her chest. She
continued her story despite the mauling her poor boobs were receiving.

	"The bottom line was that I went off the pill and my stepbrothers were
told to be careful about making me pregnant. Guess what? Two months later they
managed to knock me up! There was hell to pay. At first Fredrik blamed his sons,
but inside of a week I was the one at fault. Life became very hard for me
afterwards. To teach me a lesson Fredrik decided that I would carry the baby at
least for three months. I was also severely disciplined every week, usually on
the weekends when they could devote plenty of time to hurting me. Up until now
they had never laid a hand on me; that changed dramatically."

	"Every night I had to report to Fredrik for a sound spanking. He'd put
me over his lap and blister my butt until I thought it would explode. Then he'd
really fuck me hard and shoot off onto my face. Next the boys had their turn.
They liked to spank my budding breasts and my puffy pussy with their open hands,
reserving the heavier stuff for the weekend. They would screw me until my eyes
crossed, and worse still, they began to use my poor pooper as well."

	"Pooper! What the hell is that? Tell it like it is, they fucked your
tight asshole." Tim exclaimed. Muffin resumed her story, while he continued to
rummage around her body, poking and prodding her as if she was some strange
creature fallen from the skies.

	"Things got worse. It was Gunter who broke the unwritten word about
sharing me. One afternoon he let one of his buddies from school do me. I was
strapped down on	 the bed and couldn't do anything to stop him. He got
off in world record time and then came back for seconds and thirds. Erik arrived
after the boy had done me twice and was very upset to find him working on me.
Gunter managed to convince him not to worry. The next day Erik brought two of
his friends over and they screwed me royally. Those four sex maniacs did me over
a dozen times and that's not counting the times they came in my mouth while I
was giving them head." Tim nodded and happily grunted when he heard that.

	"For the next week I had daily visitors every day after school. One
terrible day I had eight boys drilling me like I was some kind of blow-up sex
doll. I lost track of how many loads of cum were dumped into my sore cunt. 
Fortunately for me Fredrik got wind of what was going on and put an immediate
stop to it. He beat the twins bloody and warned them that they would likely go
to jail for exposing me to their friends like that if the authorities ever found
out. He also told them that if anyone said anything, he would personally break
their kneecaps. Of course I wound up getting punished for my role in causing
this latest bit of trouble for Fredrik. What he did was very nasty and left me
mentally scarred for years afterwards." Tim squeezed her big jugs and teased
their stiff nipples. " Don't keep me in suspense, tell me what happened." He
urged.

	"Fredrik had been booking mom for more and more gangbangs. Many were for
a fee rather than as a gesture of friendship. The next weekend I accompanied mom
to a gangbang. Fredrik planned on using me strictly as a fluffer, but things got
out of hand. Some extra money convinced my stepfather that I should make my
debut as a full-fledged gangbang fuck pig. I remember few details, and the
things I do recall involved mom more than me."

	"I know I was cuffed the entire time and I was horribly thirsty most of
the time. I recall telling myself that I had nothing to worry about because I
was already pregnant, and perhaps all the fucking would cause a miscarriage. I
remember sucking a huge amount of cum from mom's pussy on more than one
occasion. God only knows how many men had shot their load inside her before I
cleaned her cunt out. I do remember the terrible pain that one guy caused when
he fucked my ass when Fredrik was out of the room. Then there was the Japanese
video camera man who was taping the gangbang for the Asian market. He kept the
camera on me an awful lot and the bright light he used made me sweat."

	"I recall mom being fucked in the cunt and ass at the same time. I
recall that once there were three guys going at her simultaneously, drilling out
her asshole, choking her with a big cock and splitting her swollen cunt lips
with still another large cock. I remember a guy deliberately coming into her
eyes and slapping her across the face a couple of times when she complained. I
remember wondering why her asshole stayed open even when nobody was fucking it.
Those are all the memories I retain from that first ugly time."

	"Damn, that's too bad, that story was just getting me hot." Tim replied,
his hand squeezing her tit until she gasped in pain.

	"What strong hands you have." Muffin purred, her pussy getting wet
again. She continued her tale of woe.

	"After the gangbang I had a period of relative peace, probably because I
was too sore and swollen to be a good fuck. I did have to suck off the twins
every night, but since they were using mom as fuck meat I only had to serve as
dessert, sending them off to sleep with limp dicks and depleted balls. Mom's
nymphomania was beginning to get out of hand and stern measures were taken to
try to control it. While I could now concentrate on my schoolwork just in time
to pass finals, she was fucked around the clock in a vain attempt to make her
overdose on cock. It didn't happen."

	"Fredrik's doctor friend started injecting her with drugs that dried up
her cunt and made fucking very painful. Even though they now had to gag her
because she screamed so much when she was fucked, mom continued to have orgasms.
This drove Fredrik and the doctor to even worse things. Her cunt and asshole
were packed with all sorts of powders and ointments that made her swell up. Soon
it was impossible to fuck her because she was swollen shut. Mom went wild from
the lack of cock and had to be strapped down to the bed in a strait jacket."

	"She was kept awake for days at a time with uppers that slowly fried her
brain. They gave her very little to eat, but made sure she drank gallons of
water during the day by giving her drugs that made her thirsty. Since her cunt
was swollen shut, pissing was really painful. Mom pissed all the time; day and
night her bladder filled and emptied into the large basin placed beneath her
spread thighs."

	Tim grinned and observed, "I sure would like to get a hold of some of
that stuff to use on Jill, that is, if she ever gets out of the hospital."
Muffin responded by kissing the head of Tim's cock over and over with sloppy wet
smooches. "Keep going on the story, it's getting interesting, " he urged.

	"With mom out of action I took up the load of handling my stepfather and
his twin sons once more. It was now officially summer vacation and it would be
one I'd never forget. I was nearing the end of my third month of pregnancy and
just beginning to show a little. My breasts were also beginning to enlarge.
Between the pregnancy and the onset of puberty my buds blossomed into bosoms."

	For her troubles Muffin's ass received a sound smacking from a very
annoyed Tim. "Enough of this literary bullshit! I want to hear what happened to
you in plain English, no bosoms, no buds, no breasts and no puberty, whatever
the hell that is! You're beginning to sound like that smart-ass wife of mine.
You know, the one that's in the hospital recovering from the working over she
got for being a smart ass!" Muffin got the message.

	"Fredrik decided I should turn pro, as he called it, since mom wasn't
worth anything to him in her condition. So there I was, just 13, pregnant and
now a prostitute. I was amazed at how many men were interested in fucking a
pregnant 13 year old. They visited the house to do me. They met me in motel
rooms. They had me to their apartments or homes. I began to dread dates in
private homes. That usually meant a gangbang with me as the main course. As the
weeks went past, my belly and boobs got bigger while my cunt was stretched and
deepened. I was taking guys as long as 10 inches to the balls. It hurt like
hell, but I was doing it!"

 	"Lots of guys wanted blowjobs or anal. One freak always had me suck him
off and swallow it, get him hard again so he could fuck me in the ass, and then
after I cleaned off his cock and got him hard once again, he'd fuck my cunt raw.
He really got off on seeing how much pain he could give me with that big cock of
his. Even with this kind of action my belly kept growing and I really started
worrying that Fredrik was going to make me have this baby. Later on I found out
that he was planning to have me get an abortion in the last trimester, that
means starting with the seventh month. That never happened because one day mom
just suddenly died."

	"Mom had been awake for nearly four days and the doctor had been dosing
her with a super strong diuretic, that's a drug that makes you piss. They had
plugged up her piss hole, and were giving her an enema composed of a couple of
chemicals that when combined in her body generated a huge amount of gas putting
tremendous pressure on her guts. At the same time they had forced a rubber tube
down her throat and were using a pump to fill her stomach with water. According
to the autopsy, mom's bladder, stomach and intestines had all ruptured. Any one
of these ruptures would have killed her. Fredrik and the doctor went to jail for
life. The twins and I were placed in foster homes."

	"I had the good fortune to be taken in by a pair of schoolteachers. A
few months later I gave birth to a beautiful girl who was immediately adopted by
a young childless couple who moved away. I was never able to find out where she
went, but I just know she's very happy where ever she is." Tim's frown made her
abruptly end that part of her story.

	"Unfortunately Mr. Tighttwat passed away unexpectedly a year later, but
his wonderful wife continued to raise me. It was she who introduced me to the
world of science and the loving relationships that could be formed between
women. But as I've just demonstrated to you, my mother's genes still strongly
influence my sexual activities. I truly believe that I am perfectly bisexual,
capable of deriving maximum satisfaction from being either with a man or a
woman. By the way, my foster mother did say that you were rather adept when it
came to satisfying her occasional need to walk on the wild side as she describes
her forays into heterosexual relationships." For the first time Tim was too
surprised even to grunt, let alone speak.



				(To be continued)




				THE TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS OF TIM

					
					Chapter 5


	Selling, no, volunteering was the word they used to describe the
arrangement he and Professor Tighttwat had negotiated for Brad's services. His
son was going to be turned into his daughter; at least that's what the purpose
of the grant was. The good professor had assured Tim that nothing permanent
would be considered until after an assessment was made of the results of the
first phase. Tim had met the principal investigator, a body double for his
favorite porn star, who promised weekly reviews of her progress to be provided
in the privacy of her bedroom. She had also promised that Tim would have the
opportunity to personally interrogate her two graduate student assistants when
he thought it appropriate. His eyes crossed when he saw the nude photos of the
two babes. More importantly Tim would be reimbursed to the tune of 25 thousand
dollars for his son's services. Life was good again.

	Nana had put up a little fuss when she found out that Tim had sold her
to Wilson. But it quickly blew over when Wilson generously offered her body to
Tim on a no fee basis, reserving compensation for other customers such as Mark
and Randi. Mark had managed to get a job in the local child porn industry and
was doing quite well. In fact he was dating a cute little thirteen year old
after work. Of course he also had to service her overweight thirty year old
mother who demanded full body tongue baths, hour-long sessions of pussy eating
and rimming, as well as plenty of fucking. As Mark's agent, Tim took half of the
boy's earnings and on occasion had the girl blow him. Life was very good again.

	Randi had done well for Tim as well. The lad had proven to be a senior
citizen magnet and was booked for the next four months, which was as long as Tim
would make reservations for his services. Tim was clearing over a thousand a
week as Randi's agent as well as nailing the more attractive customers for his
son. He called it an in-depth interview to make sure that the lady in question
was qualified to ride the boy's pony. Life was beyond good these days.

	Jill was due to get home in another week and he was kind of anxious to
begin bonding with her, or was it putting her into bondage? He never could get
those concepts straight in his mind. He imagined she would be quite surprised at
the changes that had occurred to her mom now that she belonged to Wilson. He
should have known that his neighbor would want his dear old mother-in-law to be
lean and mean like his other two live-in slaves.

	To date Wilson had whittled about twenty pounds off of Nana's body,
reducing her to almost nothing but skin and bones, plus a pair of big but now
droopy tits. Last night Wilson had had him over for drinks and a little
entertainment. While Miko sucked Tim's cock, keeping him just on the verge of
cuming, Wilson had used one of his specially grown willow switches to turn Nana
into a barber pole.

	Tim was really intrigued by Nana's cunt, which looked like a baboon's
ass, all red and swollen. Wilson described how he was packing her twat with a
poultice made from special herbs that increased the blood flow to her cunt and
made her horny as a toad. Fortunately both Yuko and her granddaughter had plenty
of time available to scratch Nana's itch with their strap-ons. All the while
Tim's mother-in-law rotated slowly from the rope that cut into her wrists. "By
the way Tim, the stone that's hanging from her ankles is a Ugandan fetish that
is supposed to ward off evil spirits." Wilson said, " Personally I'm a great
believer in using the lash as an exorcising tool." Wilson certainly could talk;
Tim had to give the devil his due.



	"Welcome home babe. I'm sorry there's no one else here to say hello, but
they're all busy in their new jobs and I sold Nana to Wilson." Tim said as he
escorted Jill into the house. "Jobs? The boys have jobs? .... Did you say that
my mother is now Wilson's slave, like those other two women he has over there? "
Jill sputtered after the shock of what she had heard wore off. Tim grunted and
scratched his head like he usually did when Jill got him confused. " Didn't I
mention that to you during a couple of my visits?" Tim responded.

	"Not really Tim. You did say that Randi was doing some social service
work for senior citizens and that Mark finally had discovered girls. I even
remember you mentioning that Brad was helping out at my old school. I'm so proud
of him. All you ever said about mom was that she was seeing quite a lot of
Wilson. God! This is so confusing." Jill exclaimed, wincing as her outburst
caused some pain in her new boobs, another surprise from her solicitous husband.
It would have been more pleasant if she had had some warning of the impending
surgery.

 	One morning the nurse had given her an injection that made her quickly
pass out, and that afternoon she woke up in her bed with a set of 42DD tits and
a murderous headache which was followed by two days of steady pain from her
swollen, silicone loaded breasts, now twice filled inside of a year. She
remembered being cautioned to be very careful about what she subjected her new
knockers to in the next couple of months. She also remembered the frown that
crossed Tim's face when he heard that.

	It turned out he had gotten a good deal from the doctor who did the tit
job in return for Jill's sexual services commencing once she was out of the
hospital. He did renegotiate the deal, but Jill's ass was going to belong to the
good doctor for a lot longer than had been previously negotiated. Still Tim was
optimistic that she would be able to handle the extra work provided she cut back
on her sleep for a few months.

	"Just exactly what are the boys doing at these jobs they have?" Jill
asked. When she heard about Randi becoming a gigolo for older women, she nearly
fainted. How could Tim be so insensitive as to subject her son to such
experiences? Even though Tim assured her that this new work had done wonders for
Randi's self assurance, as if he needed any further assurance, Jill fretted.
However when she found out that Mark, her baby, her favorite, her little love
bug, was working in the child porn business, and worse still was dating a
thirteen year-old, she threw a fit and almost wet her panties. Of course Jill
didn't have panties on, so that was just a figure of speech.

 	This proved to be nothing compared to the way she reacted when Tim
dropped the bomb about Brad. At first when she heard Tim refer to her studly son
as Brenda, she thought either he or she was loosing their minds! As Tim faltered
and stuttered and bobbed and weaved like a drunken prize fighter, the full
implications of what was happening to Brad, or Brenda, began to sink into her
consciousness. At that point Jill fainted dead away.

	To his horror Jill fell face forward and landed on her new tits with a
sickening squishing sound as the silicone met the floor. This was followed in
the briefest of interludes by her face kissing the hardwood, loosening a few of
her front teeth in the process. " I don't fucking believe it! The stupid cunt
isn't through the fucking door for less than a few fucking minutes and she's
already fucked her fucking tits up. Fuck it! Let the bitch lay there. I'm going
next door and beat the shit out her stupid mother for having a dumb bitch like
Jill. Nana is going to pay dearly for this fuck up!" Tim yelled.



	Jill set some kind of hospital record for the fastest relapse and
readmission; this, along with being admitted with her badly beaten and mutilated
mother allowed Wilson and Tim to negotiate an arrangement that let the two women
share the same room, significantly reducing that expense. Tim also made enough
noise and invoked his most favored customer status to cause the hospital to
share the cost of the operation that was required to restore Jill's new tits. Of
course some compromises had to be made.

 	Jill was conscious during most of the procedure in order to save on the
anesthesiologist. She did pass out on her own during some parts of the operation
such as when they opened her tits to drain and replace the silicone from them,
repacking them with fresh bags of fluid, and then again while they were sewing
them back up again. The entire two-hour operation was taped as a bondage and
torture video with Jill as the star. She was kept completely nude and tightly
bound during the entire time. To spice it up a bit more, a number of the interns
took turns fucking her ultra sensitive cunt until she was bleeding like a stuck
pig. It was a pale and very shaky Jill Taylor who was wheeled back to the room
she was to share with her mother for the next week.

	While her daughter had been cut open and then sewn shut, Nana was merely
sewn up in about a dozen places. Like Jill, she was denied any painkillers while
her body was repaired. She had to be strapped down during the time it took to
reattach one of her nipples, sew part of her cunt lips back together and repair
the tear in the flesh between her asshole and cunt. To save money they had
stapled the huge gashes that ran from her armpits down along her rib cage.
Resident interns, without any supervision, had applied splints to her broken
toes and thumbs, since all of the doctors had attended Jill's surgery as
observers. On balance Nana had come through her ordeal in pretty good shape and
so she was given the task of caring for Jill in order to save on the cost of a
nurse. Even with all these cost saving measures, Tim would have to come up with
another five thousand in order to ransom his wife from the hospital. He was not
a very happy camper.



	A trip to the university to check on the progress of his son as well as
see if he could get some student-aide pussy was in order. The two babes
assisting on the project that was using Brad were only too happy to bring him up
to date while they took turns grooming and taking rides on his pony. Afterwards
the professor, her name was Honeypussy, took Tim into the lab to show him what
was happening to his "demi-daughter", which is the way she described the former
boy known as Brad.

	Tim was speechless and struggling to grasp what he was seeing. There was
this big blonde chick strapped down to the padded table. She had a pretty
impressive set of jugs with long stiff nipples. A bunch of wires were taped to
her tits and those hard nipples. A metal hemisphere covered her pubes. It had
tubes running in and out as well as a bundle of wires that ran from it to the
computer mounted in the rack by the table. " Where's Brad?" Tim said in a shaky
voice, part of him realizing that the big blonde babe had something to do with
Brad. " We call it Brenda," the professor replied, pointing to the blonde. "
Holy shit! " Tim exclaimed.

	Professor Honeypussy smiled and said in a sexy voice that stiffened
Tim's well worn tool, "As the old saying goes, you haven't seen nothing yet." 
Then she giggled girlishly causing Tim's equipment to bulge even further, and
said, " I think I made a little joke. Oh my god, did I say little? I think I
just made another joke as well." Then she and her aides laughed uncontrollably
while Tim stood there with his hard cock and blank face, wondering what was so
funny.

	Tim couldn't resist hefting, then squeezing the big tits that grew from
what used to be his son. "Shit, these are fabulous! They feel just like the real
thing! " the Tool Man said in a hushed voice. "That's because they are." replied
the professor. "Come on, stop kidding me. If it was this easy to grown great
tits on a guy, well at least he used to be a guy, why hasn't someone started
growing them on women, where it really counts?" Honeypussy laughed and
explained.

	"We are using a genetically modified estrogen to stimulate the
development of "Brenda's" breasts. The estrogen will only work if it combines
with an anti-testosterone molecule. We used that molecule to significantly
reduce his male sexual characteristics such as body hair, muscle mass and most
importantly the size of his sex organs.  It is physically impossible for that
molecule to exist in a female's system long enough for the estrogen to combine
and begin the growth cycle. In Brenda's case we can not only induce breast
growth, we can determine final size by varying the amount of anti-tettosterone
we use prior to the injection of the estrogen. When the process is finished
Brenda will be the proud possessor of a set of 40DDs."

	"Oh my good god, but what about its sex organs?" Tim asked in a quiet,
almost reverential tone. Professor Honeypussy's face changed, becoming harder,
her eyes narrowing and lips pressing tightly together. We now have the power to
totally eliminate these vestigial manifestations of maleness. Voila!" she
exclaimed. As she spoke, one of the assistants raised the metal cup from
Brad-Brenda's pubis. Tim's face grew ashen and he had trouble breathing at the
sight of what was left of his son's sex organs. Its balls were completely gone
and the cock couldn't have been more than half an inch in length. Tim fainted
dead away.

	"Where did they go? Where did they go?" Tim asked when he recovered his
senses. Honeypussy smiled and patted his face almost maternally." Once his
testicles shrank to about one fourth their original size, we used electric shock
to cause them to ascend into his abdomen. By doing this repeatedly we were
finally able to keep them permanently lodged there. As for the erectile tissue,
it is relatively easy to significantly reduce its mass in much the same way as
extreme cold or shock does. The trick is to cause the stimulus to be constant. A
variation of the drug therapy used to induce breast growth has proven to be
quite successful when combined with microwave stimulation of the penis and its
surrounding blood supply system. We now are on the verge of being able to
totally transform the test subject into a very reasonable facsimile of a woman."

	Tim groaned and shut his eyes tightly, as if trying to awaken himself
from a very bad dream. Brad was not very bright, in fact he was quite stupid,
but he was well meaning in his stupidity, not like Randi who had a cruel streak
that sometimes bothered Tim. Tim had really never thought that the researchers
would even come close to succeeding with this wild-ass scheme. Well, they had,
big time! Now what was he, the Tool Man, to do? He opened his eyes and stared
into Honeypussy's face, realizing from her look that all was lost.

	Tim heaved a big sigh and said quietly. "I guess what you've done can't
be reversed." Honeypussy smiled and nodded her head. "You'll love your new
daughter once our visiting professor from Denmark performs reconstructive
surgery on Brenda to give her a proper set of internal and external sex organs.
That should occur within the month. I know you will want to be there when she
comes out of the operating room." Tim nodded his head dumbly, his mind racing
with conflicting thoughts that caused him to get a very bad headache. It took
the combined efforts of Honeypussy and her two aides to restore Tim to something
resembling his normal self.

				(To be continued)




			         The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				     Chapter 6


	As Tim drove home, his head still whirling from what he had witnessed at
the laboratory, he was overcome by a murderous rage. He began pounding the
steering wheel and screaming at the top of his lungs.  He had lost control
completely. The car began to weave back and forth causing those around him to
give him a wide berth. Fortunately or unfortunately for Tim one of the drivers
that he menaced with his unique style of driving with no hands, used his cell
phone to call for help. Three minutes later Tim became aware of a red light
blinking in his rear view mirror. It took a while for it to sink into his half
crazed mind that he was being signaled to pull over by one of the local speed
trap officials. Glancing down at the speedometer he saw that he was well under
the limit. This would be a piece of cake so he thought.

	He put on his happy face and waited for the ritual to begin. Instead the
cop ordered him from the car and made him submit to a pat down before announcing
that he was about to give him a field sobriety test. At this point
self-preservation clicked in and Tim turned on the charm. Despite his loss of
control over the trauma of for all intents and purposes losing his son, he began
to work his charm on the trooper. Then in the middle of the test as he was
holding his head back as far as he could with his arms outstretched he lost
control and started crying real honest tears for what had happened to his son.
This got the trooper's attention and he became something more than just another
ticket writer. So there on the side of the road with cars whizzing by well
beyond the speed limit, Tim had his epiphany in the company of this faceless law
enforcer who had the good sense to recognize sincere grief and let Tim go with a
warning and a pat on the back.

	During the remainder of the drive his mind started firing on all
cylinders, reviewing the circumstances that had led to this nightmarish
conclusion, assigning blame to all those involved, including himself, but only
as a minor defendant, and beginning to hand down his sentences. Had this been a
real courtroom, it would have been standing room only for the various offenders.
They ranged from his wife, Jill, to that ball buster of a girlfriend that Brad
had, Angela, with dozens of others in between, including at least half the
faculty and their student assistants at the college. For a task this massive,
assigning the proper sentence for each one's part in this tragedy required that
Tim be supported by someone dispassionate and wise. Then he had it, who else but
Wilson W Wilson, his next-door neighbor! Tim began humming to himself as the
speedometer touched eighty.

	Tim returned to an empty house, Randi and Mark were out doing their
thing and Jill was on her back in the hospital with the meter running. Tim being
consumed with the need to determine a plan of action and then put it into
action, made a beeline for Wilson's place, banging on the door in hopes that he
was at home. Wihout warning the door opened, catching Tim off guard. "To what do
I owe this rather frenetic display of energy? Has something gone amiss in the
Taylor household?"  Wilson was wearing a suit of some kind of non-metallic body
armor that made it appear that he had encountered an angry horde of venetian
blinds. In one hand he held this enormous samurai sword and crowning his bizarre
costume was a helmet with gigantic curling horns protruding to the sides.

	"Am I interrupting anything important? I need to talk to you about Brad,
my son; I mean my daughter. I mean I don't know what to call it anymore. I need
to talk to someone, and you're it." Now it was Wilson's turn to react to these
strange goings-on. He ushered Tim into his artifact cluttered home and led him
down one of its crowded halls to his sitting room, or parlor as some called it.
There, hanging from the exposed beams in the ceiling were Yuko and her
granddaughter, both quite naked and covered with a fresh coating of angry welts.
Leaning against one of the rattan chairs covered in animal skins was the source
of the welts, a length of bamboo cane. Tim wondered how Wilson could swing such
a weapon considering the strange getup that he wore.

	Ever the proper host, Wilson waved his hand in the direction of the two
women and said, "I believe you know Yuko and her granddaughter, Miko. They made
quite a hit at that wonderful weekend shindig you held to raise your dear wife's
consiousness concerning her place in the Taylor family hierarchy. I've just been
performing one of the old rituals used by certain samurai warriors who were
about to go into battle. I'm sure the ladies won't mind the delay before their
ritual raping. Now what can I do for you, neighbor of mine?"

	For the next ten minutes Wilson was silent as Tim poured out his heart
about all the events that led up to the terrible conclusion that he had just
been privy to. He finished up with an impassioned plea for assistance in
punishing those responsible for this terrible tragedy. "I have lost my son! I'm
not sure you can truly understand what the loss of a son means to his father."
Wilson was quiet for a time, toying with the blade of his sword, making Tim a
bit uncomfortable. Then he replied, relating a story that topped anything that
Tim could ever imagine.

	"When I was a young man I traveled the globe seeking adventure and
knowledge. I obtained much of both. For a time I settled in Uganda, a mysterious
country ruled by a dictator who ultimately came to be possessed by evil sprits,
at least that is what the locals claimed when he was finally driven from the
country, to spend his remaining days taking the sun at the most famous resort
areas of Europe, a fitting punishment for murdering hundreds of thousands of
people."

	"In those days I was apolitical. I considered myself to be merely an
observer, a visitor to a foreign land whose customs were unique and not to be
questioned by an outsider who was unfamiliar with the history and background
that led to their use. I reveled in this marvelous land that offered up its
riches and women to me for the taking. In those times I had a prodigious
appetite for things of the flesh."

	"They were all around me, their sleek young bodies so very available. I
still do not understand why girls in Africa and Asia come into season so much
earlier than here, but I was overjoyed to sample what they had to offer. Take my
word for it Tim, there is nothing that can match the experience of making love
to a sleek, supple, fully developed, black beauty who has yet to reach the age
of  twelve, and has no concept of what you are saying as you couple with her
over and over in the warm, fragrant darkness that is night in Africa."

	Suddenly Wilson stood up and grabbed the bamboo cane. Then with a fury
that shocked Tim he began attacking the naked bodies of the two Japanese females
who hung there totally defenseless against the vicious assault he visited on
them. He started screaming and frothing at the mouth, the words issuing from him
those of a foreign tongue that Tim could not identify, let alone understand.
Then as quickly as this outburst of violence had begun, it ceased, leaving the
women with fresh welts, some actually leaking blood. Wilson then carefully
placed the cane back in its spot and resumed his story after taking a brief
pause to regain his breath and equilibrium.

	"I sowed my seed far and wide, embedding myself inside the wombs of
literally dozens of fecund females in less than a year. By the end of the second
year I had fifteen surviving sons and uncounted daughters, with dozens more on
the way, many being carried in wombs that had already housed one of my original
offspring. I was sure by now that I had discovered paradise. Then the troubles
began. It came from the outside, so they said, but it was due to the folly of
the dictator who had made more enemies that he could reasonably kill off. Those
that fled his wrath soon returned under a foreign banner, burning for vengeance.
I, like many others, were soon driven from paradise, leaving behind everything
we had created."

	"You,my friend, are grieving for a lost son who is not dead, merely
changed. I buried twenty sons before I was forced to leave by those engaged in
murder for no other reason than one's religion, political belief or in my
particular tragedy, the skin color of one's sire. I am unable to generate the
kind of passion for your distress that you may expect, but know that I am still
available to act as your counselor, sounding board or even devil's advocate if
that will assist you in whatever you wish to do about this matter."

	Wilson  once more stood up and approached his victims as they twisted
one way and then the other from the ropes that held them securely fastened to
the ceiling beams. He mumbled to himself as he ran his fingers across the weals
in their flesh and even took an occasional sampling of the blood that oozed from
their wounds. Then he turned towards Tim, smiled, and asked if he wanted to join
in the ritual raping that would end the ceremony that he had interrupted. "I
know that with both Jill and her mother in the hospital you are probably wanting
for female companionship. I strongly recommend Yuko's asshole, it is quite tight
as a result of some herbal treatments I just gave her during the past week. I
know she would be honored to be stuffed by your rather large cock which she
finds most impressive."

	Tim's shoulders, which had been slumped forward as he lolled, rather
than sat, in the chair, now straightened as did his outlook on things. With one
of his famous grins he stood up and unzipped, allowing his equipment to flop out
for all to see. Yuko's eyes lit up and she made a kissing sound as she humped
her worn-out pussy in his direction. Things were beginning to look up for Tim;
perhaps visiting Wilson had been the right thing to do. Only time would tell,
but for now there was this tight asshole waiting to be filled and he was getting
up for it more and more as the seconds passed.

	As if reading his mind, Wilson produced a pair of wooden footstools,
allowing them to be able to have easy access to the orifice of choice on their
partners. Out of the corner of his eye Tim could see Wilson grabbing Miko's big
firm tits in a grip of steel, using his purchase to allow him to develop some
additional force as he proceeded to invade her hairless pussy, kept that way by
almost daily hot waxings, a rather painful process but one that met Wilson's
exacting standards. Tim couldn't help but notice the special twist that Wilson
gave Miko's big tits as he entered her. As soon as he did this maneuver, she let
out a grunt and pounded her plump pubic mound into his crotch as hard as she
could, impaling her tight twat onto his rigid rod which was now driven deep into
her twitching tunnel of fun.

	Tim put his mind back to business, spitting into his hand and using that
to lubricate the head of his stiff prong. He carefully centered his weapon and
reached around to grab Yuko's saggy tits. Now that everything was in readiness
he bent his knees and hunched himself into attack posture. Then with a shout of
warning he rammed into the fifty or sixty something grandmother with all his
muscle, and met with some very stubborn resistance. The head of his dick had
barely made it past her super tight sphincter and was now in some kind of a
Japanese cock lock, imprisoning him in her asshole by the top of his toolman's
tool. For a moment a wave of panic washed over him, but it was Wilson who came
to the rescue. "You have to distract her or she'll squeezed the life out of your
stalk. Try twisting her tits and then give those nips a good hard yank. That'll
break her concentration and the rest will be easy."

	Tim blindly followed his host's instructions and immediately her
sphincter loosened up sufficiently that he was able to wedge nearly half his
length into her shitter before she clamped down on him again. Now that he had
the key to her cock lock it was child's play to open her up once more and
complete the job of filling her to the rim with his hard love muscle. By now
Wilson was going like gangbusters inside Miko's quivering quim, his armor adding
some more cuts and bruises to her naked body. Yuko got off a whole lot easier,
despite the battering her tight asshole absorbed from Tim's thick length of hard
meat. When Wilson went off he let out a bellow that made the hair on the back of
Tim's neck stand at attention. This was a Wilson he rarely saw, and up until now
had never heard.  As he squirted an army of blind wigglers into his captive's
colon, Tim felt much happier than he had been in many a week. Visiting Wilson
had been the right idea. Now if only his host would focus his bizarre
intellectual gifts towards helping Tim avenge himself on all those directly or
indirectly responsible for Brad or was it Brenda's condition?


				( To be continued)




			The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				Chapter 7


	Wilson invited Tim to stay around and sample some of his special herbal
tea. The idea of drinking tea did not sit well with the tool man, but he felt a
little tired once he had finished doing the deed with Yuko. So while he sat and
stared at the two naked Japanese females still hanging from their bonds in
Wilson's parlor, listening to the sounds of Wilson bustling around making this
brew of special tea, Tim gave into the temptation to close his eyes briefly.
Moments later he had drifted off to sleep.

	Before he was awakened by his host, Tim had a wild dream that was
obviously related to what had been happening over the last few weeks. It
featured Brad, Angela, her dog and Muffin. Brad, or was it Brenda, was on its
hands and knees, all dressed up in a pink outfit that left its hind quarters
exposed and quite vulnerable to Angela's dog who had mounted the teenager and
was nailing him or her for all it was worth. Meanwhile Angela was bitterly
complaining to Muffin about what a pussy her boyfriend had turned out to be.
Then Tim got a glimpse of the cock that the good professor was sporting. It was
massive and half of it was stuck in his former son's mouth.

	Despite his body armor, Wilson jumped back to escape the wild swings
that Tim made as he crossed the divide between his weird dream and the new
reality known as Wilson's parlor. Once his neighbor calmed him down, out of
gratitude for his concern, Tim sampled this strange brew he offered. It tasted
kind of funny, but not like that stuff Jill occasionally tried to entice him to
drink. He took another taste and decided it wasn't half bad.

	That's about when the "herbs" kicked in. Things started to melt as Tim's
eyes wandered about almost as if they were independent of his wishes. The two
Japanese wavered, then waxed and waned as he stared in silence at them. In a way
this reminded Tim of when he was very young and got his first look into a
kaleidoscope. He remembered how things kept changing as he moved his head. This
caused him to try moving his head into exaggerated positions just for the thrill
of seeing how things in Wilson's parlor changed. When he tried doing this on
Wilson, his every move was thwarted. No matter what he did, Wilson remained
Wilson, immutable and immune to the laws that controlled everything else.

	When his host inquired if Tim was enjoying the tea his voice changed in
pitch almost as if Tim was on a train platform and the train was moving away
from him at a very high speed. The tool man couldn't help himself, he began to
giggle and clap his hands in ryhthm with the changes that were taking place
before his very eyes. He remembered Wilson's voice saying "I'll take that as a
yes. Just relax and enjoy your tea; everything will be fine once you've had your
tea."

	Tim returned to the world with a jolt that made him sit upright in his
chair. Nothing had changed as far as he could see. That included the two naked
Japanese females who still were turning first one way and then the other as the
ropes around their wrists coiled and uncoiled. Wilson was gone and Tim tried to
rise from his chair, then thought better of it as the room began to spin.

	It was then that Wilson made his entrance, this time clad in a long
flowing robe of muslin decorated with cabalistic signs that meant nothing at all
to the tool man. He arched his eyebrows when he saw that Tim was awake. "How do
you feel? Did you enjoy the tea?" All Tim could do was nod; he still did not
feel like himself. However he did enjoy feeling this way, everything seemed to
be fine. In fact he was kind of horny, which considering what he'd been through
so far today,was a bit surprising.

	Wilson didn't bat an eyelash when Tim inquired if he might tear off
another piece of tail from his host's private stock. "Do you want another go at
Yuko's tight asshole or would you rather try Miko. That young lady has a cunt to
die for in my humble opinion. It feels as if you're moving in a vat of warm
butter that is just beginning to turn firm, but still has enough give to allow
you to go anywhere you wish in high style." Tim decided to go with his host's
advice. This time Wilson cut the rope holding Miko aloft and she fell to the
floor,  her legs too weak to support her body. Tim watched as Wilson dragged the
girl by her long black hair over to an overstuffed chair that seemed somewhat
incongruous in this room filled with exotic skins, colorful swatches of cloth,
and a welter of competing woods. Wilson positioned her so she was lying across
its arm, her head almost buried into the plush seat.

	At the suggestion of his neighbor, Tim warmed Miko up before entering
her. "She really enjoys a sound thrashing with the cane before sex; it must be
something in the genes, but I'm not one to complain. Feel her bottom and you'll
discover that she has a layer of scar tissue on that gorgeous round ass. You
don't see asses like this on many Japanese women. Every few months I take her to
a plastic surgeon acquaintance of mine and for a nominal fee that includes
having a go at her, he smooths the scar tissue to the point that it is almost
indiscernible to any but the most practiced eye. Miko is due for another visit
in a week or so, which means you can have at her as long as your arm allows. The
longer and harder you hit her, the ceamier her cunt becomes, probably another
one of those inherited characteristics that we men are unable to understand."

	The cane felt a little funny in Tim's hand at first, but after a few
practice swings and a good look at Miko's delectable ass, his blood was up along
with his dick. Despite the fresh welts that Wilson had earlier added to the
layer of scar tissue covering her ass it still beckoned to the tool  man, and he
responded to its siren call. His first stroke split her asscheeks neatly in half
from one side of her butt to the other. As it landed he let out a grunt that had
been absent too long from his vocabulary.

	Miko joined the music, letting out a high pitched yell and some words in
Japanese that he did not understand, but Wilson did. "She just told you that she
loves your dick and wants it in her cunt after you whip her enough that it turns
into a frothing churn of butter. She says that to me all the time." Tim was so
taken by the display of rounded flesh before him that he didn't even bother to
wonder how one or two words in Japanese could turn into ten times as many in
American, or English, as his wise ass wife always told him he spoke!

	His second stroke felt even better as it ripped into her flesh, leaving
a deep weal that started to explode outwards miliseconds after the rattan bit
deep into that gorgeous bottom. This time Miko yelped and strung about half a
dozen words behind it. According to Wilson she had just said, "Good one big
boy!" By now Tim felt as if the cane was an extension of his arm. He proceeded
to go to town on the woman's butt, slashing away to leave deep strips of
bleeding flesh in the cane's wake. Wilson finally had him hold up long enough so
he could check out the condition of Miko's pussy, which proved to be moistening
at a rapid rate with some high grade cunt spooge already oozing from its depths.
He then placed his middle finger that was coated with her cunt cream into Miko's
mouth and she happily sucked his digit until it glistened.

	Tim was so focused on trying to destroy Miko's ass that when he finally
realized that Wilson had taken a seat on the chair where once her head lay, he
lost his rhythm and landed a lick that slid well past its target. Miko was now
sucking enthusiatically on Wilson's cock which jutted from a fold in his robe.
He was speaking to the young woman in a tongue that Tim did not recognize. Since
Tim had a problem recognizing any words other than those he heard every day,
this came as no great surprise. However these were so weird that he wasn't sure
that Miko understood them either. It mattered not, since a minute or so later
Wilson's body stiffened and he let out a half-scream, half-bellow and flooded
the young Japanese with an ocean of cum. Poor Miko damned near drowned as his
cum shot from her nostrils and dribbled from the corners of her mouth.

	It was an impressive discharge considering that it was at least his
second of the day. When Wilson regained his composure he looked up at Tim,
smiled and said, "It's that herbal tea, it does this to me every time." The tool
man resumed tattooing Miko's blistered butt with the cane and with each stroke
she moaned a little louder and responded with a word or two in whatever language
she was yelling. Tim decided to give her the finger check and it felt as if his
midddle digit had been swallowed in a vat of creamy butter; it was time to do
the deed.

	Wilson reached out and took the cane from Tim's hand and held it across
his lap as the tool man unholstered his weapon and lined it up with her swollen,
dripping pussy. As he sank in up to his balls, the feeling was indescribable,
especially to Tim since he was almost devoid of the ability to properly express
whatever he was feeling at any time. Like the dog, his world was one of black
and white, with no degrees of shading. Tim proceeded to grunt his way through to
a most satisfying release of his tensions. All the time he was drilling away
within Miko's buttery tube, Wilson kept him in rhythm by chanting in still
another mysterious tongue.

	It made Tim fell strange, almost relaxed, unlike his reactions when he
was normally doing the deed, especially with one of those bimbos that frequented
the show's audience. As soon as he withdrew, quick as a cat, Miko turned 
around, dropped to her knees and got busy cleaning his rigid rod, removing all
traces of whatever they had been doing. When she completed the task to her
satisfaction, she looked up, gave him a big smile and puckered her lips in an
air kiss. Tim was for once in many a week a happy man.

	Tim sighed and gave a little grunt just for the hell of it. It was his
way of saying thanks to Wilson for one outstanding evening in his wonderful
parlor. Then he sucked it up and got down to business. For some odd reason he
knew that this was the moment for him to ask Wilson's help on the matter of Brad
and Tim's need for vengeance. "Let's talk some turkey about how I'm gonna get
even with all those responsible for what happened to my son." Wilson arched one
of his eyebrows. Tim couldn't help wondering if he watched the same wrestling
show as he did, since that was a Rock move if ever there was one.


				( To be continued )




				The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				            Chapter 8


	Wilson began talking and for one of those rare times in his life Tim was
quiet and just listened to this man of mystery and menace. Fortunately for Tim,
Wilson was a very wise man and so as he spoke he made notes on a pad that he'd
dredged up from deep within the middens of his parlor. The two Japanese ladies
recognized that their presence was no longer needed and slipped away to their
own private hiding place located somewhere within the bowels of Wilson's
cluttered castle and repaired each other's wounds before drifting off to sleep.

	"I was most impressed by your organizational skills in planning and
executing that delightful weekend that featured your lovely wife, Jill, being
reeducated by her family and friends at home as well as her colleagues at the
university. I was honored to be given the opportunity to make some small
contribution towards reestablishing her balance as wife, mother and seeker of
her place in the spheres as some of the philosophers have described our temporal
relationships." This rather wordy and convoluted preamble caused Tim's muscles
to tighten and his head to begin throbbing as he struggled to try to understand
just what the hell his neighbor was talking about.

	"All those involved seemed to enjoy helping out tremendously. I am sure
that if a properly constructed invitation could be created, you would have the
type of assistance needed to shall we say "balance the books?" In addition we
could create a situation where many of those invited would have no idea that
their role was not as they assumed it to be. Thus in one fell swoop you could
draw all those necessary, both the accused and those charged with punishing them
for their transgressions, into a single point in space and time."

	Tim had no idea what Wilson was talking about. He had no idea about how
to construct this invitation that would mean all things to all people. Even if
he could get all the players to show up at the same stadium, to put things into
the kind of context that he understood, how in the world could he keep them
there? Then Wilson started to unfold his plan and Tim's respect for this almost
alien being began to be restored.

	"We begin to form a plan using the Socratic approach. We ask the obvious
question and the answer we obtain then provides the basis for the next question.
We continue this process until finally we come full circle and the total answer
is then revealed. Let us begin." The puzzled look on the toolman's face did not
exactly inspire confidence in Wilson, but he pressed on.

	"Who are we honoring at this celebration that we are inviting people to
attend? Are we not asking those we invite to witness the full recovery of your
dear wife, Jill, not to mention the debut of your transformed offspring, Brad?"
Tim's eyes grew wide as he listened. At first blush it made no sense; Jill was
the single greatest reason for the trouble that had ultimately caused Brad to
become a crash test dummy of sorts for the female professors at the university. 
Then it dawned on him that at the last big blowout he'd thrown, Jill was by far
the star attraction, and the mob of folks she drew was so large that they had to
arrive and stay in shifts.

	"I think he's got it; by Jove, he's got it!" Wilson's remark went right
over the toolman's head, but it wasn't far from the mark. Wilson was uncanny
when it came to reading people's expressions and figuring out what was going on
in their minds. This was another disconcerting attribute he possessed that
always made Tim uncomfortable. "This time we will be more selective when it
comes to invitations. In point of fact why don't we start asking who are those
most deserving of an invitation to attend the debut of Brad in his new state,
albeit transitional for at least another month or so? My guess is that Jill
would top the list, with those university people responsible for Brad's current
condition close behind, and then possibly his little girlfriend, Angela.
Naturally protocol would dictate that other close members of the family such as
Randi and Mark and even Nana would be expected to receive an invitation as
well."

	Tim shrugged his shoulders, but could not argue with Wilson's logic. The
only problem now was the lack of other people who would be most interested in
putting the hammer down on these responsible for Brad's plight. Then it dawned
on him. Those who didn't have an axe to grind with the university folk, but who
had attended Jill's wild weekend party would be more likely to come just for the
opportunity to take another crack at Jill's crack, so to speak. Naturally once
they realized that there was only one Jill, but many others worthy of their
attentions, to wit the other university crowd, the problem would be solved.
However this in turn led to another set of questions that had to be answered. A
list had to be drawn up of people sufficiently interested in doing bad things to
mere strangers in lieu of spending quality time with Jill. That was something he
and Wilson would have to handle.

	There remained a much larger isssue to address. How would Tim get the
university crowd to stand still for what would happen to them? Now that was
something that only Wilson could handle. No sooner had he formed his question
then Wilson beat him to the punch. "That's easy Tim. All that is necessary is
for them to have an opportunity to do some networking wth the other folks and
enjoy some of the libations that I will have prepared for this occasion. You do
remember that very relaxing cup of tea you had earlier this evening, don't you?
Well that is but one of many special brews that are within my capability of
making and dispensing in such a manner as to raise no suspicions on the part of
the consumers." Tim was awed to be in the presence of such an evil genius.

	Wilson glanced up at the ceiling and suggested that they plan on picking
up where they left off on the morrow, since it was well past his bedtime. In
that robe it was very easy to see that he was not wearing a watch, yet it wasn't
until he glanced at the ceiling that he made his remark. Tim moved closer to
where Wilson was standing and looked up at the strange set of markings etched
overhead. Were they some unknown method of allowing those who knew, to tell
time? Tim dismissed that idea as foolish and was about to take his leave when
Wilson commented it was 12:32 AM. A chill ran up the spine of the toolman as he
hurried from Wilson's strange house and fled back to the comfort and security of
his traditional abode.

	It wasn't until late in the following afternoon that Tim made his way
over to see Wilson. It had been a bear of a day. The Tool Time audience had
sucked and Al must have had the rag on the way he was acting. At times during
the show, Tim was probably about three minutes from going postal in living
color, but was saved by the final commercial for some sort of reprocessed
artificial food that ran long enough for him to get a grip on himself instead of
Al's throat. To add to his problems the new babe that was supposed to replace
Heidi, who was doing time for trying to separate her boyfriend from his cock
with one of the Binfird 500 chain saws, flaked on him.

	As usual Wilson immediately put Tim at a disadvantage, opening his door
to allow him entrance about a millisecond before the toolman rang his bell.
"Come in fellow conspirator and take a seat in the parlor. I have much to share
with you." Wilson sounded quite pleased with himself and this elevated Tim's
mood somewhat. Tim looked toward the area where the two Japanese ladies had been
hanging last evening, and to his dismay he found it unoccupied. Wilson chuckled
and promised some entertainment later when they had finished solidifying the
list of invitees and the schedule for this little "clambake" as Wilson referred
to it. Tim took a seat after checking for tarantulas or some other ugly surprise
that did occur on occasion when he visited the parlor.

	Heading the list was Wilson himself, followed by the boys, Nana, Al,
Tim's brother, Jack, only Wilson had identified him incorrectly as Bob. What was
this world coming to when a man like Wilson started making mistakes like this?
Tim passed this correction along to his neighbor who winced and stated that Tim
had continuously referred to his younger brother as Bob during that wild weekend
that had featured Jill. "No, its Jack as in jack-off or jackass, that's how I
remember what his name is." Wilson gave him a bona fide Rock eyebrow arch, but
changed the name on the list.

	 "Who are these people? The only two I recognize in this group are
Tighttwat and Honeypussy. What does the P in Tighttwat's name stand for, pussy
or prune?" Tim's attempt at humor fell on a stone-faced Wilson who sighed and
replied. "No Tim, it's Penelope, from the Greek myth." Tim could not resist
replying, "I didn't realize you had a lisp, Wilson." For a brief instant the sky
opened revealing a tongue of flame, but quickly closed as Wilson regained
control of the situation. The fact that during this briefest of moments Tim's
hair stood straight up and he discovered he could see through Wilson's house out
to a sea of fire, convinced the toolman to quit the funny patter and get
serious.

	"I have to hand it to you, where did you get all these names from? I
presume this Professor Meadowes is Muffin, right? Who are the other three
ladies?" Tim was truly impressed and this admission molified his neighbor to the
point that he forgave Tim for being Tim.

	"They are the student assistants to professors Meadowes and Honeypussy.
I managed to obtain this information by speaking to a charming lady in the
university personnel office who gave me the correct names and titles for each
university person on my list." Tim shook his head and grunted, somewhat amused
by the names. "Melissa Poontag, Samantha Dervish, Jennifer Hitton, I presume the
second "t" is silent. Wilson my friend, you have to admit that these are not
exactly run of the mill names." His co-conspirator smiled and nodded. That
admission restored the toolman to his usual confident self. "OK Wilson I'll do
my best not to act stupid about some of these names, but it'll take a lot of
willpower on my part."

	Tim continued to run down the list, beginning to put two and two
together. He grasped the fact that Rhonda, as well as the fat girl's two sisters
and mother were on the list and he discovered that her last name was Meitster,
proof that she was from sturdy Teutonic stock. He learned that Professor Graves
first name was Hanna, and that Jill's advisor was Wanda Wharton and Alicia
Frichette was her live-in lesbian lover. He remembered how they did everything
but turn Jill's insides out during that wild weekend.  It was an impressive list
of university folks that Wilson had compiled and it was pure gold as far as Tim
was concerned. It was then that Wilson paid another amazing dividend. He had it
on good authority, his source could not be disclosed, that there was no love
lost between the Social Studies and Human Physiology departments. Tim leaped to
his feet and punched the air in triumph, this was one plan that was coming
together perfectly!

	There was Angela and Mark's little thirteen year-old sweetie, fifteen
young studs from Brad's soccer team, but only two invitees from the camera club
and none from the school paper. In their stead were a trio of names he did not
recognize at all. They turned out to be Randi's three favorite clients, all
wealthy women in their late 50s and beyond. Wilson observed that their presence
would make Nana feel more comfortable, when  Wilson wasn't making her feel very
uncomfortable. Higher math always gave Tim a headache, but he managed to keep
his shoes on as he counted, coming up with an invitation list totaling 42
invitees besides Tim, Jill and the changling formerly known as Brad. Tim looked
over to Wilson and gave him the high sign. "This works for me; as usual you have
done a fantastic job, I couldn't have pulled this off without your help." As the
last of his words left his mouth, Wilson's figure began to shimmer and it got
awfully hot in the parlor for the briefest of moments.

	"What say you to a nice cup of herbal tea? I'll be using a much
different combination of ingredients for this one and I'd love your opinion on
it." Tim remembered what had happened when he drank that first cup. It had made
him see things strangely, but after a time it sure made him relax and "get down"
as some of the stage hands would say when they described taking illegal drugs,
but never during the show, that was a no-no. He accepted his host's offer and
settled back to relax and do some advanced planning for his little clambake.

	The tea was quite different, it had a very slightly sweet taste and a
delicate aroma that reminded him of ripening pears, the kind he used to pick
from the tree that grew in the backyard of the property on which the family
lived when he was just beginning to discover those creatures known as girls.
Then the strangest thing happened, he was back in that house again peeping
through the keyhole as his mother and father went at it like two jungle beasts.
He was sweating like a pig but his eyes was glued to that opening and his hand
was working on his pecker as fast and hard as it could go. Damn! His dad really
was hung, and his mom had a pair of tits that were amazing for their size and
the fact that they hardly moved when she took off her bra.

	His old man was on top of his mom and her legs were hanging over his
shoulders as his dick pounded away inside her hairy cunt. Mom's muff was black
as night and so thick you couldn't see her cunt lips. The bedsprings were
creaking in rhythm to the thrusts that his father was delivering, while the
whole time his mom was pushing her pussy up to meet every stroke he gave her.
"You ready for it in the ass?" Tim's ears had pricked up at the sound of his
dad's voice, for he knew what was about to happen; he'd seen it a few times and
it made him feel great to watch his dad's big stiff cock worm its way between
his mom's big ass cheeks while she chanted for him to "Fuck it , fuck it, make
me feel it!" It was hard to believe that this was the same person as the one
that served up his oatmeal every morning, but there she was letting it all hang
out.

	They changed positions quickly with his mother now on her hands and
knees, wiggling her big butt towards dad's huge cock that he was lining up to
plunge into her tight asshole. She looked over her shoulder to make sure he was
in position. She gasped and let out a soft moan as his hands came down on her
shoulders and the tip of his cock began to probe around to find that tight
little hole. His mom's hiss announced that he was beginning to pack it into her.
Her head tossed from side to side as he got more and more of his big cock up her
asshole. "Oh yessssssss" That sound coming from his mom made the hair on little
Tim's neck stand at attention and his hand shifted into a higher gear as his
impending ejaculation neared.

	Tim's eyes flew open and he stared down at his crotch to discover that
Miko was kneeling before him sucking happily on his cock which was on the verge
of exploding. A few seconds later he hosed the Japanese teenager with a flood of
cum that felt as if it would never stop. To her credit she kept her mouth
fastened to his twitching joint until the last spasm of cum had been pumped into
her warm, wet mouth and swallowed down with a smacking sound announcing that she
enjoyed every drop.

	His head still was swimming as he glanced around the room. Seated over
in one corner, his eyes closed and a blissful look on his smooth, unlined face
was Wilson, his cock buried inside Yuko's mouth. Traces of cum were leaking from
its sides, and the old Japanese woman's cheeks were bulging with the contents
that had obviously been recently transferred from Wilson's churning testicles to
her mouth. His eyes opened and shut quickly once, then again before remaining
open. "I was back in Uganda and it was wonderful! How was your trip, neighbor of
mine?"


				 ( To be continued)




			      The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				      Chapter 9


Abstract:   Logistics, the plot thickens! Wilson's sweat lodge is unveiled. Tim
draws a blank trying to get Jill and Nana out of the hospital, but it's Wilson
to the rescue as he charms the implacable Penny Pence into becoming his guest at
the clambake. A legend is born as Tim exposes the hidden talents of his new
assistant, Candi Dandi, on Tool Time. The stage, as well as the traps, are now
set for Jill's Wild Weekend II.


	Tim winced when Wilson used the word "logistics" to describe what the
next phase of their planning would have to address. His neighbor heaved a big
sigh and tried to break the concept down into small enough bites that Tim's
partially atrophied mind could digest it. "All that word means is how we handle
the guests in such a way that the groups are paired off properly and then flow
smoothly into the areas we have designated for them to occupy. In a manner of
speaking it's a form of crowd control. Think of it this way, we have over forty
people, many who don't know each other, some who are loath to even acknowledge
the existence of others in attendance, and those few, such as you and I, who
know everyone, in a way, and understand the master plan that controls the
movement of the crowd and its various fragments."

	Tim's eyes had begun to glaze over partway through Wilson's attempt to
simplify this complicated word, then flickered somewhat when he realized that he
was one of those persons that knew what the big picture was all about. He and
Wilson were preparing to take revenge on a whole bunch of different people who
had done something to gum up the works for Tim. Now Tim was his old self once
more, much to the irritation of Wilson Wilson.

	Wilson suggested that Tim's place would be the assembly area where all
the guests arrived and were given some time to mingle and also try to establish
turf. Naturally since they didn't understand the big picture they were in a
sense just spinning their wheels until the persons truly in charge of things
began to separate the groups properly. This required some type of distribution
of the facilities that would be needed to carry out the master plan. Wilson
began to tick off the facilities at hand.

	"Your basement has that wonderful water wheel, and your garage can be
easily modified at practically no cost to handle perhaps half a dozen folks
interested in sharing their bodily fluids in one way or another. Your upstairs
bathroom proved to be a big hit when Jill was the guest of honor, and I cannot
see any reason why it can't serve the same function at this little soiree."
Wilson had to pause in his inventory because Tim's eyes had begun to cross when
he heard a word in French.

	"A soiree is nothing more than a fancy name for a clambake; have faith
neighbor, everything will  work out fine. Now let's see what the Casa Wilson has
to offer in the way of facilities." Wilson paused and shook his head, realizing
that Tim's vocabulary for English, or was it American, words was limited to a
great degree, and there he had gone and used a French and then a Spanish word
almost back to back. Wilson mentally castigated himself for this intellectual
gaffe and plowed forward.

	"My parlor seemed to be a big hit at the last shindig, and I see no
reason why it can't be made to hold even a few more people than last time.
Naturally my guest bathroom and another couple of small bedrooms can be easily
converted into facilities suitable to accommodate some of our guests. Then there
is something new that even you don't know about, my sweat lodge." Tim seemed
interested in that one and so Wilson took him on a tour.

	Tim's eyes grew wide with amazement as they approached this rather large
and imposing structure constructed from saplings and sheets of bark held
together by leaves stuffed into any chinks in the assembly as well as an
overcoating of dried mud. Tim's mind was in a quandry, the synapses firing
randomly but at a much higher rate than normal. How had a building of this size
been constructed without the toolman knowing about it? After all he lived only
fifty feet from it and yet he had never heard a sound while this "sweat lodge"
was being erected.

	"OK Wilson, I'll bite, what does this do?" Tim said, the challenging and
utterly inane side of his persona rising to the occasion. His host sighed, and
thought good thoughts to avoid sending Tim to some other dimension for a time to
meditate and do penance for his offenses against good taste and manners.

	"It is a place where one goes to rid himself of any physical and moral
impurities that may have grown within him. It is a deeply religious custom that
is an important part of the indigenous culture of the American Indians."  Tim
scratched his head and then his eyes lit up.

	"Oh, you mean it's like detox! My brother Jack went through that a
couple of times. It didn't seem to do him any good though. He still drinks like
a fish and chases anything in skirts, or out of them, come to think of it."
Little did the toolman know that he was teetering on the precipice, and one
thought from his mysterious neighbor would send him away, far, far away for a
very long time; so long that there was no chronology that could even begin to
deal with it. Wilson blinked a few times and readjusted his shape to once more
conform to gravity.

	"This is the keystone to our plan to separate the herd. It will be in
this dark place that after they have had their tea in my parlor, they will take
the vapors that rise from the special liquids that shall be poured on the hot
stones. From that moment on they will be extremely sensitive to many things such
as pain and pleasure to name a few, craving them both in massive quantities. Yet
because of the ingredients in their tea they will ultimately fall into a deep
slumber and when they awaken they will have no recollection of what occurred
after they entered the sweat lodge. Of course we will, and for a price, or shall
I say a donation to the Jill Taylor relief fund, they can have their own
personal copy of what happened to them in particular at this little get-together
we are hosting. What say you to this, good neighbor of mine?"

	Tim wasn't sure that he understood everything he heard from Wilson, but
he picked up enough to realize that not only would all those who deserved plenty
of pain and suffering get it, he could then tap them for money to help with
Jill's hospital bills and make sure they never bothered him or his family again.
He was still a little fuzzy on what was going to happen to his former son, the
changling, but hopefully Wilson might even work something out in that area in
his spare time. Now all that remained was to get Jill and his mother-in-law out
of the hospital to use as bait to make sure they got the right mix of people to
attend this little clambake, or "sore eye" as he thought he heard Wilson call
it.

	Getting Jill and Nana released even for a day turned out to be nearly
impossible. Although Tim spent time with the doctor handling Jill's case, and
offered him some fringe benefits such as tickets to Tool Time, he was unable to
spring the ladies. The bottom line was that for a patient to be released from
the hospital, all financial matters had to have been satisfactorily addressed
between the patient and the hospital's Finance Department. So Tim took a walk to
the first floor and then to the back of the building where all matters involving
financial affairs were handled. He went up to the window and asked to see the
person in charge. The beady eyed woman behind the counter looked at Tim as if he
was some kind of a bug that had just crawled out into the light from some dark
place where he had been hiding. The toolman persisted and at last he was allowed
to enter the office of the hospital's chief financial officer, Ms Penny Pence.

	She was dressed in a business suit favored by the women that  thought
they were doing a man's job; at least that's the way Tim viewed it. He had gone
around and around with Jill on this matter and had never managed to convince her
of the wit and wisdom of his position on the subject. This one was tall, had
wavy, raven black hair that came down to her shoulders, wore horn-rimmed
glasses, sensible shoes and a white frilly blouse beneath which appeared to be
these two large torpedoes struggling to escape the confines of the bra that
contained them. Tim's eyes lit up at the sight of these twin mounds of flesh
that seemed to be calling to him that they needed the toolman's touch. He went
into his act as soon as they shook hands; her grip was firm and the skin dry.
"What can I do for you Mr. Tyler?" she inquired.

	Tim wanted to tell her to take off that silly suit jacket and dump the
blouse so he could get a good gander at those cantaloupes she was carrying
around. Being a man of the world, instead he stuttered that his name was Taylor,
and managed to get some spittle on the woman's jacket. This did not sit well
with Ms Pence, but she led him into her small office and offered him a seat. Tim
proceeded to lay out his case for allowing his wife and mother-in-law to leave
the hospital in order to attend a party in their honor. Ms Pence looked away,
hit a few keys on her computer and brought up Jill and Nana's bills, announcing
that until said bills were negotiated with her department, neither woman would
be allowed to leave the premises. Her imperious attitude, at least to Tim it
seemed that way, only made him more determined to win out over her. He tried the
old ploy of asking to see her supervisor but was slapped down quickly. "In
affairs involving financial matters I have no supervisor; this is totally my
responsibility. You are however welcome to petition the hospital's Board of
Directors for relief from this regulation. They will be in session on the third
Thursday of all months beginning with the letter "A"."

	Tim winced, since this was September. He then tried to appeal to her,
citing his long association with the hospital, having had Jill or himself
admitted numerous times over the years and always managing to find some way to
get the bills paid. Although Ms Pence was properly impressed by this fact, she
still remained unmoved. Then Tim played his trump card, Jill's on-line S&M
business. The hospital financial maven had a great deal of difficulty in
grasping the concept and despite Tim's best efforts to describe exactly what
Jill did, she refused to budge from her position that some type of financial
arrangement had to be made between Tim and the hospital before she would approve
even a temporary discharge of either woman. However she also obtained the URL
for Jill's business, leading him to believe that there was more beneath the
surface of this implacable lady than just a great set of tits. Completely
frustrated in his attempts to get Jill and Nana out of the hospital, Tim left
for the studio to prepare for this afternoon's show.

	He arrived to discover the usual chaos associated with getting the show
ready in full effect. Al was running around looking for his lucky flannel shirt,
not to mention half the tools that would be required for the project he would be
performing today. There were problems with the overhead lighting and his guests,
some students from a local technical institute, were nowhere to be found. It was
at this point that Tim bumped into, and that was exactly what he did, his new
assistant who had shown up only a mere twenty-four hours late. She was indeed
worth the wait.

	The Tool Time show always prided itself in the pulchritude displayed by
Tim's assistants. This had begun with the fantastic Pamela and the tradition had
been carried on with the gorgeous and knowledgable Heidi, now on temporary leave
from the show. Picking himself up from the floor, Tim was confronted by a bundle
of buxom, blonde beauty that took his breath away. This vision of loveliness
seemed to combine the best features of her predecessors if such a thing were
possible. Her eyes were twin pools of greenish gray mounted in a sculptured face
that featured a button nose, high cheekbones, a perfectly formed chin with just
the hint of a dimple to add further cuteness to this visage, and a peaches and
cream complexion that completed the package. Surrounding this was a halo of
shimmering gold that barely caressed her shoulders and hid her perfectly formed
ears unless one was fortunate enough to be close to this perfect being. To say
that her appearance stunned the toolman would be a monumental understatement.

	Upon further inspection it only got better. She was clad in the
assistant's costume featuring a Binferd 500 T-shirt, one or two sizes too small
and short shorts. The T-shirt was fighting a losing battle with a set of breasts
that seemed to defy gravity, and the legs that flowed from the shorts were twin
columns of shapely perfection mounted on a bottom that was indescribable in its
form and firmness. She was perhaps five feet six and weighed no more than 115
pounds stripped, which was the way every man and most women wanted to see her.
She put out her hand to Tim and announced that she was Candi Dandi in this voice
that made it feel as if something was simultaneously licking the inside of his
ear, and at the same time gently massaging his scrotum and points north. He felt
as if he was melting in the radiance that issued from her.

	The terminally glib person known as Tim the toolman evaporated to be
replaced by a fumbling teenager who had just gotten his first glimpse of a
woman's bare breast. It felt as if his tongue was the size of a loaf of bread
and the connection between his brain and vocal cords had been cut. It was then
that Al stumbled upon them. He looked as if he had been hit across the head with
a two by four. Al literally began to drool, his hands fluttered, his eyes rolled
and his mouth kept opening and closing without any sound issuing from it. When
Candi exclaimed, " Oh, you must be Al! I'm so very glad to meet you, I think
you're so cute!", Al fainted dead away. If at all possible, the chaos
coefficient increased at that point.

	Some how and some way order was restored sufficiently that the show went
on the air. Al had been revived and managed to find not only his lucky flannel
shirt, but all the tools required for the project. The students were found
wandering aimlessly about in some type of daze; it turned out that they had a
close encounter with Candi Dandi and had suffered a brief, but not permanent
impairment to their higher level brain functions. The new assistant was warmly
received by the men in the audience, most of whom had to be restrained from
leaping to the studio floor to personally introduce themselves to the new girl,
and for the first portion of the program everything went as well as usual, which
meant Tim made some lame jokes at Al's expense, fumbled a few of the more
technical aspects of his job, but stayed on schedule.

	It wasn't until the latter stages of the show, a few minutes from its
completion, that an event took place that made recordings of this particular
episode a huge hit first across the mid-West and then captured the interest and
attention of the entire nation, as well as other parts of the Western world.
Tim, in full battle regalia, was demonstrating how the Binferd 500 welding kit
elevated the capabilities of the home improvement aficionado. Somehow he managed
to set the smock worn by his assistant, Candi Dandi, afire. The rest is the
stuff of legend.

	Al raced onto the stage and tried to snuff out the blaze with a small
fire extinguisher. Candi decided to get out of the smock before she was either
smothered or burned. Unfortunately she had forgotten that because it was so warm
on stage she had divested herself of all her clothing with the exception of a
pair of lavender thong bikinis. The director was a few seconds late in realizing
what was now being  broadcast; by then it was too late. The TV audience for this
show was generally down with the rest of the bottom feeders, but still in
absolute terms rather large, in the tens of thousands. Some of these folks
automatically recorded the show. It was from these few that a cottage industry
was born and Candi Dandi became the ultimate, national, underground sex symbol.

	By the time Tim made it over to Wilson's place he was utterly frazzled
from what had occurred that day. His neighbor took it all in stride. Upon
hearing about Ms Pence's stonewalling of Tim's request he volunteered to call
the lady and see what he might be able to arrange. While he was doing this he
suggested that Tim wait in the parlor and amuse himself with Miko, who it turned
out was rather fetchingly presented, naked except for the elaborate pattern of
ropes that held her helpless and most vulnerable to penetration of her private
parts. Tim made the most of this opportunity and quickly relieved a significant
portion of his anxieties, frustrations and tensions.

	By the time he was satiated, Wilson walked in and announced that a deal
had been struck between him and Ms Pence. The chief financial officer had agreed
to attend this little clambake as Wilson's personal guest and at the same time
to keep an eye on Jill and Nana to make sure that they did not flee the state or
even the country to avoid paying their hospital bill. The stage was now set for
the party. Tim was as usual in awe of the negotiating abilities of his
mysterious neighbor. He had to ask and so he did. "What did you say to her?"

	Wilson gave him the Rock eyebrow arch, a small mischievous grin, and
then responded. "I merely suggested she might enjoy the  ambience of my sweat
lodge and the taste of some of my herbal tea. It seems Ms Pence is extremely
interested in American Indian culture as well as exotic teas." Tim knew better
than to ask how Wilson managed to find all this out in a few minutes by making a
cold call to a person he had never met. There were some things about Wilson that
he really didn't want to know about under any circumstances.


				( To be continued)




		              The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				        Chapter 10


Abstract:  It takes a bit of doing, but all the guests of honor as well as the
invitees to Wild Weekend II are finally assembled and the fun begins. Tim's
brother starts hitting on Brad, or is it Brenda? Meanwhile Al is giving Jill
some much deserved payback, a very relaxed and nearly naked Penny Pence is
enjoying some herbal tea in Wilson's parlor, and the Meitster clan has joined
the party by showering Jill with streams of liquid affection, as Al looks on and
fantasizes. These are some, but not all of the highlights of this little section
of the story.


	The invitations went out on schedule and those who had attended Jill's
first party were quick to respond, a one hundred percent acceptance return. Like
that first wild weekend affair, this too was planned to begin Friday evening
whenever and run uninterrupted until Sunday evening whenever. Those who were
first timers took a bit more time to reply, but after a follow-up call from
Wilson, those undecided unanimously declared their intentions of attending. As
before, every attempt was made to stagger the attendance, and two days before
the party, Wilson and Tim sat down and hashed out the invitees list, assigning
slots to those who had not declared for a specific time period. Wilson convinced
Tim that it would not be a good idea to stamp the hands of those attending,
since they did have a lot more room available than for the initial get-together.

	Thanks to the good offices of Miss Penny Pence, she would be personally
escorting Jill and Nana to the party and staying for the entire time as Wilson's
personal guest. Al had screwed up his courage and invited Candi Dandi to be his
date for the affair. It looked as if this was going to be one wing-ding of a
hoedown to paraphrase Wilson. On the day prior, Tim went to see Jill and Nana to
assess their ability to take on major roles in this "revengefest". To his
surprise and delight he found that the doctors had jerry rigged a harness that
would protect Jill's battered boobs from any further damage. Naturally the first
thing Tim planned to do once Jill was back at home, was to get rid of it and let
what passed for her boobs hang out for the edification and amusement of those
into such things as scarred, crepe-like breasts in various colorations. In the
case of Nana, she would be in the capable hands of Wilson which meant that the
staples and artificial skin holding most of her upper torso together would be
eliminated or modified to suit his particular needs.

	There was still one fly in the ointment, and it was a big one. Brad, or
was it now Brenda, still remained a virtual captive at the university. The good
professors and doctors in the Human Physiology department kept insisting that
Brad would be released in plenty of time to attend his or her "coming out"
party, but as of now they were unable to provide the toolman with a firm date
for his release. This was beginning to eat at Tim, and so he brought the matter
up to his partner Wilson, expecting him to pick up the phone and immediately
bring this to some kind of closure. Such was not the case; the department
effectively stonewalled his neighbor, who seemed not to mind in the slightest.
However the next day the department was swept by an  outbreak of a disease that
was native to of all places, Uganda! The symptoms featured flatulence,
dysentery, boils and the overwelming desire to consume grass.

	The following day the local television station was showing clips of
faculty members congregating on the lawn of the university stuffing their faces
with clumps of grass while leaving trails of fecal matter in their wake. That
afternoon Wilson had a heart to heart talk with Professor Tighttwat, who at the
time was seated on the toilet evacuating her bowels for the umpteenth time and
desperately pleading over her cell phone for him to do something about lifting
the spell or curse he had put on the department. Not only did she promise to
have "Brenda" released that very day, she also threw in her personal services
and that of her student assistant,  the ever exciting and accommodating Melissa
Poontang, in exchange for his help in ending this affliction that had
effectively brought the work of the department to a grinding halt. Now the stage
was set for the party to end all parties. It was a shame that very few of the
attendees had any recollection of being there, and those that did had a very
tough time recalling any details.

	On Friday evening, prompty at 6PM, the first guests began wandering into
Tim's place where they were greeted by the host and his neighbor. Tim's brother,
Al and Candi Dandi were the first arrivals. Jack had already fortified himself
with his favorite form of recreational drug, and immediately began hitting on
his nephew, the changling. Poor Brad, or was it Brenda, was feeling rather
ambivalent as well as separated from its own sexuality and welcomed his
attentions. Al was rather disappointd to discover that there was very little to
snack on, but his lovely companion was utterly thrilled to be occupying space in
the home of her boss. She was tricked out in an outfit that left little to the
imagination. Tim's eyes glazed and crossed at the same time when he laid eyes on
her as she came through the door moving as if she was mounted on some type of
shock absorber that caused her breasts and hips to move in separate directions
in perfect synchronization.

	Jill made her grand entrance, looking rather pale and shaky, just as
some of the soccer hooligans made their appearance, bringing gifts, mostly of
the alcoholic or chemical variety. By that time Jack had taken the hot looking,
big blonde babe he'd met when he first arrived to some place more private so
they could get to know each other, in the biblical sense, so Jack hoped. Nana's
appearance was more like a cameo as Wilson quickly whisked her off to his house
and left her in the care of Yuko and Miko who busied themselves securing her in
a web of exotic knotted rope designs reflecting their ancestry.

	Ms Penny Pence had arrived much earlier, escorting her two patients,
Jill and Nana. Currently she was seated in Wilson's parlor enjoying a cup of one
of his special herbal teas. It tasted of orange blossoms with a delicate trace
of mint and something else that she could not quite define, but nonetheless
found utterly intoxicating, in more ways than one it would turn out. She was
happy that she had taken Wilson's advice to get comfortable. It was so nice of
his servants to help her out of her jacket, blouse and bra, freeing her heavy
breasts  to take in the ambience that saturated this exotic collection of woods,
cloth and plants. She remembered giggling when the younger one unsnapped her
skirt and then rolled her conservatively cut panties over her fullsome hips and
down her rather shapely legs. For some unexplainable reason she felt the need to
retain her garter belt and hose, although she had kicked her shoes off the
moment she had settled into this lovely bamboo chair that seemed to be molding
itself to her voluptuous body.She wondered when that lovely gentleman would
return to show her the sweat lodge and let her experience the effect it would
create within her.

	Tim's son, Mark, was working late at the porn studio, but he didn't mind
since he was doing a scene with his thirteen year-old sweetie, Wonder; that was
her stage name, not even Mark knew her real one. They'd be over in a couple of
hours if all went well and the dog that was sharing the scene with them worked
out. It turned out that Old Reliable, a canine of uncertain heritage, but one
who was a sure thing to produce the money shot when required, had run off with a
poodle, much to its owner's dismay."That's show biz!" was the only comment Mark
made when he was informed of the change in the cast.


	Gundel Meitster called to say that she and her three daughters were
going to be delayed, but they would be over in a couple of hours once they were
properly hydrated. She emphasized that their only purpose in attending was to
share some bodily fluids with Jill who had not been to their place in over a
month. Tim couldn't help grinning into the phone as he thought back to the first
shindig where one of those porkers, he wasn't one hundred percent sure, but he
thought her name was Rhonda, had nearly drown Jill in her pee. He sure was
interested in seeing how his wife would fare when there were four plumpers,
chock full of liquids, ready to unload into her mouth. He made a mental note to
get that dental fixture out so there wouldn't be any trouble if Jill proved
reluctant to participate in this transference of bodily fluids.

	No sooner had Tim put down the phone, when Randi, his other son, called
to tell him that he and his two photographer buddies were at the porn studio
doing some still work to support the scene being shot between Mark, Wonder and
the nameless dog who outweighed the leading lady by at least twenty pounds and
had a tongue that was almost as big as her face.

	"Make sure you keep Wilson away from my three blue hairs. I need these
cash cows to finance my little scheme to corner the market in a new wonder
material that will sweep all the other condoms from the shelves in a matter of
months if I'm correct in my assessment of the technology." Tim listened with a
blank stare on his face. He shook his head when he hung up and began to once
again have serious doubts that this one could be his; the damned kid was just
too smart and too nasty to be a Taylor. He made another mental note to beat on
Jill literally to see if he could sweat the truth out of her concerning who
Randi's father really was.

	It was approaching eight o'clock without any representatives from the
university bunch; Tim began to get a bit uneasy, but the sight of Candi Dandi
single handedly entertaining four of Brad's soccer associates provided a bit of
a distraction. The quintet had adjorned to one of the upstairs bedrooms and the
fur was flying  as the boys took on Tim's new assistant in pairs, keeping her
occupied fore and aft until unloading into her lower orifices and standing down
while the other team took a shot at the buxom blonde. The boys began to slow
down after one rotation, but Candi seemed to be getting her second wind, her
hips pumping and her tits bouncing in rhythm as she worked at wearing their
dicks down to the nub. Tim was taping the action, which was part of the master
plan that he and Wilson had developed. However this one was for his own private
collection. He had dreams of a lengthy personal as well as professional
relationship with this fuck goddess.

	The reason Candi was engaged with the soccer folks had to do with the
fact that Al, her date for the evening, still had a thing for Tim's wife.
Currently he had taken Jill into the master bathroom, a huge affair of tile done
in garish style thanks to Tim's impeccably bad taste. Al, who considered himself
to be a master plumber first and foremost, had loaded Jill up with a monster
enema using a recipe he had gotten from his mother, and she was positively
bulging as the various ingredients in what had been forced into her intestines
began to react to the heat from her body, producing rather large volumes of gas
that had only limited space to fill. In truth Jill looked as if she was carrying
another Taylor and it was at least a month overdue.

	As bad as that was, she was also attempting to adjust to Al's fat fist
that was buried in her twat up to his wrist. It had taken twenty minutes of
poking , prodding and a lot of sweat on his part to finally get his hand inside
Jill's tight tunnel and manage to close it into a fist. At present he was like a
mountain climber at base camp, waiting for the right conditions before his fist
made the run to the top, in this case Jill's already badly tilted cervix. Jill
was restrained using industrial strength Velcro that kept her arms by her sides,
fastened in place at the wrists, forearms and biceps. Presently her lower
extremities were unfettered to allow her to be placed in various positions while
her twat and asshole were pounded into mush by her faithful fans and
adversaries.

 	Al was about midway up Jill's super stretched channel and making slow
but steady progress. She was hollering her lungs out, but that certainly did
nothing to deter Al from his goal of flattening her cervix. There was something
very enjoyable about reaching the entry to her baby carrying chamber, now
useless and empty. To Al it was like knocking on the door to a deserted house.
Let's face it, Al had issues and he blamed a great portion of his troubles on
Tim's wife. He started thinking about the last time he's worked on Jill; he was
with his sweetie,  Eileen the orthodontist, who was preparing to break up with
him thanks to some comments and advice that Jill had offered to her. Now it was
payback time! He grunted and jammed his fist up her cunt another inch or two,
now only one or two lunges from his prize. It was then that the door flew open
and Gundel Meitster and her three daughters burst into the bathroom, raring to
go at Jill Taylor.

	Al did his best to avoid looking at the quartet of plumpers who had just
joined him. They too ignored his existence, busily removing their tent dresses
to reveal their hairy cunts. Al could not help noticing the new smell that was
beginning to permeate the large tiled bathroom. It was more like a stink now
that he got a good whiff of it, and it was emanating from the unwashed bodies of
this large woman and her equally overstuffed daughters. Then without so much as
a by your leave, the old one squatted over Jill's face and let loose a stream of
foul smelling piss that splashed directly into her face. That incentivized Al to
make that final move to his goal. He screwed up his face and gave it every ounce
of muscle that he possessed. His face lit up with delight as his fist made
contact with Jill's obliquely angled cervix. To make sure that he had indeed
reached his holy grail, she punched it a second time, and was delighted to feel
it yield imperceptibly to the force of his blow. He let out a whoop that broke
the pissing woman's concentration and her stream went up into Jill's eyes,
bringing a cry of alarm from her.

	Al got his hand free of Jill's spasming cunt and quickly got to his feet
to avoid being splattered by the seemingly endless river of nearly orange piss
that continued to issue from the obese woman's bladder. He couldn't help
noticing that she looked a bit like his mother when she was younger and had not
yet broken 250 pounds. He watched impassively as one of the other plumpers, a
much younger one, probably the daughter of the woman drowning Jill at present,
joined in and began adding her piss to the cascade that was inundating Jill. Al
began to develop a fairly decent erection when he discovered  the older woman
not only had a thick hairy bush guarding her cunt, there were also forests of
thick curly black hair growing from her armpits.

	Al Borland began to have one of his sicker fantasies, and this one
didn't even include Jill, not to mention Eileen or his latest wet dream
material, Candi Dandi. There he was on his back with the woman's hairy bush
smothering his face. He was licking her cunt which tasted like fish.  Al liked
fish. Out of sight, but definitely not out of mind were the woman's three naked
daughters. One was sucking the head of his super stiff cock, doing her best
imitation of a vacuum cleaner. Another sister was licking his balls, moving back
and forth to keep them both coated with her saliva. The third one was running
her fingernails up and down the length of his twitching prick which had only
recently been buried in one of their assholes. Al was wondering if he could get
off for a fourth time before sending his harem of horny houris away so he could
get some well earned rest before once more engaging the quartet in another round
of sexual dalliance.

	Meanwhile downstairs Tim was in the process of welcoming Professor Hanna
Graves and her young friend, Marcy Marsh to his humble domicile. His eyes lit up
as he took in the lovely student that he had nailed passionately the last time
there had been a clambake held at the Taylor residence. She still looked good
enough to eat, let alone screw, and Tim was hoping for an opportunity to renew
this old friendship during the long weekend that would soon be known to those in
the know as Wild Weekend II. It was a shame that most of the participants
wouldn't have the foggiest memory of what took place, except for the tapes that
they would be purchasing to support the Jill Taylor Reconstruction Fund. Wilson
and he thought that one up to give their blackmail scheme some cachet, as Wilson
described it. Tim pronounced it cash and check which did cause his compatriot
some small degree of heartburn.


				( To be continued)




				The Trials and Tribulations of Tim


				            Chapter 11


	While Tim made small talk with Professor Graves, his eyes were signaling
to Marcy Marsh and it seemed she was in a most receptive mood. The professor
glanced around at the relatively quiet house and asked where the guest of honor
was. Tim gave her his best grin and a few grunts as well before revealing that
Jill was entertaining a few folks in the upstairs master bathroom. Graves
snorted and replied.

	"I thought that the last time we adjusted her attitude it would take
longer than this. I see your wife is back to her old tricks. I think she's a
piss freak myself and if water sports were an Olympic event she'd be a gold
medal winner for sure." Her comment brought laughter from Tim and Marcy. Then
she went on to give Tim the lowdown on what other surprises they had in store
for Jill. "I've always considered your wife to be a real bitch, and so I've
brought her a playmate this time. He weighs 85 pounds, has a nasty disposition,
and loves showing bitches who is in charge. His name is Commander and he doesn't
take any guff from any member of the opposite sex. That's why we brought him
along."

	Tim's brow furrowed as he tried to deal with this mysterious midget that
the professor was raving about. He wondered how someone that small could be so
dominating when it came to handling women. The light bulb went on when he heard
the teacher tell Marcy to get him out of his cage and bring him inside so he
could get busy working on Jill. Tim did his best to make it seem that he knew
all along that Commander was a dog, but the look on the two females told him
they thought differently. His mind slipped its leash once more and he thought
back to the last go round when Angela, the teen queen of the ball busters, had
brought that monster of a mongrel to do Jill. He thought of calling her and
finding out if she would be doing that once again, then he thought better of it.
He did not like that little bitch, at all! She was on his list as one of the
leading causes for Brad now being turned into Brenda. That bitch was going to
pay, and pay dearly for her role in this gigantic mess. Perhaps with a little
help from Wilson and the professor he might have the pleasure of watching
Commander turn Angela into a blonde dog biscuit.

	As he led the two university types to the "activity center", the group
passed one of the other bedrooms that was currently occupied by Jack and his new
friend, "Brenda". Tim had been so busy making arrangements for the party that he
hadn't had as much as a moment to officially welcome his former son back to the
house. Had Tim done so he would have become very frightened at the change in
Brad's personality. Not only had the university bunch changed him physically,
they were also well on the way to severely modifying his former son's
personality so that he or she began to think of itself as Brenda, a young and
innocent girl eager to embrace the joys of love, lust and other strange emotions
from the alternate side of the ledger.

	Jack or Bob, whatever his brother's name, was so addled from the
chemical substances he had ingested before coming to the clambake, that he
completely missed all the signs that would have told him that this hot looking
blonde babe with the great rack was in actuality his nephew Brad, the soccer
star and all round dullard. Currently Tim's brother was enjoying a blowjob that
was quite enthusiastic but lacked all the goodies that separated a run of the
mill hum job from the professional special that was now his steady diet since
his wife had split from him permanently. To date the Human Physiology faculty
had concentrated on showing Brenda how to experience the joys of ladies loving
ladies. By now he/she was an accomplished practioner of cunnilingus, but when it
came to fellatio, Brenda/Brad was lost in space.

	Tim's son continued to suction Jack/Bob's dick while what was left of
its brain pondered what was to occur once this part of the ritual was concluded.
The changling received an answer a whole lot sooner than expected as Tim's
brother grunted, gasped and grabbed the blonde's head in a grip of steel as he
unloaded some tens of millions of blind swimmers into his partner's mouth.  The
changling took the passive approach,  allowing its mouth to become filled with
this salty fluid. Then curiosity took over and after swishing the contents about
in its mouth, Brenda/Brad swallowed the mixture with a big gulp, making Tim's
brother a most happy camper. It was rare these days for him to get anyone to
blow him for free, let along swallow his salty offering.

	He sighed with satisfaction and fondled his partner's great tits,
enjoying their firmness and texture; not realizng that they were composed of the
latest miracle of polymer chemistry wedded to the cutting edge technology of
plastic surgery, if you'll pardon the pun that just jumped out on its own
accord. Tim's former son just stared off into space, being totally unfamiliar
with the ceremony that was taking place. "Give me a couple of minutes to get my
bearings and I'll let you suck me some more. Then when you get me rock hard I'll
fuck your brains out." Jack's remark made little sense to the changling, but
"Brenda" was up for it despite its lack of intelligence on this matter.

	Being one of the hosts had its responsibilities, and so Tim was deprived
of the sight of his wife having a close encounter of the canine kind, but he
consoled himself with the thought that the night was young and there would be
plenty more opportunities to watch Jill being nailed by the pooch who appeared
to have the personality of Mike Tyson and the muscles to go along with it. He
raced down the stairs to answer the rather insistent sound of some one leaning
on his door bell. Opening the door he was confronted by the entire bunch they
had invited from the Human Physiology Department. He welcomed them into his
house, told them to take a seat for a moment and rushed over to Wilson's to tell
him the marines had landed and in force.

	Tim's unannounced arrival interrupted an intimate moment between Wilson
and Ms.Penny Pence who was in the process of surrendering her asshole to his
cudgel of a cock. The chief financial officer of the hospital was bent over the
arm of that strange overstuffed chair that seemed so out of place among the more
exotic collection of furniture that was contained in the parlor. She was
supporting her body with arms that were fully extended. Her wide hips and
generous bottom provided a pleasant vista for the toolman. Wilson's appendage
was mere inches from penetrating the winking brown eye located between those
meaty cheeks that were so delightfully presented. The look he gave Tim was
guaranteed to curl his hair and other parts of his body as well. The toolman
shut his eyes and prayed that the stare he was getting would be gone once he
opened them.

	"I want you to return to your house and engage the ladies in some witty
repartee while I and my Junoesque companion finish what you have just
interrupted." Tim didn't exactly understand some of the words that Wilson used,
but the tone in his voice spoke volumes. He had enough brain cells firing to
realize that departing from the parlor as fast as his legs could carry him was
the order of the day. As he was backing out, he noticed the bone china tea cup
sitting on the table beside the chair now supporting the voluptuous body of Ms
Pence. Evidently she had enjoyed her tea, no doubt another one of Wilson's
notion potions. Why those particular words popped into his confused brain was
not a subject that Tim wanted to dwell upon, even for a second.

	Returning to the ladies from the Human Physiology department, Tim
attempted to engage them in conversation, but beyond his observation that the
weather was pretty good and he was glad that they could make the shindig he and
Wilson were hosting, he ran out of ideas. Fortunately Honeypussy noticed a
picture of Jill and the boys sitting on the mantleplace and made some comment to
the effect that Randi looked kind of cute and might look even cuter if they had
an opportunity to go another step beyond what they'd accomplished with his
sibling, the changling formerly known as Brad.

	Tim's eyes grew narrow and a look crossed his face that made one of the
assistants get a little damp. It turned out that Samantha Dervish had more than
a soft spot in her heart for the toolman. In point of fact the location was more
like a wet spot and it was situated much lower in her body than her heart. This
rather plain jane of a teenager longed for a man who would bend her to his will,
using as much force as she could tolerate, which in her fantasy dreams was
considerably greater than most demi-masochists.

	Honeypussy's observation sparked a great deal of comment from her peers
and so Tim, not able to enter the lists, just remained part of the background as
the ladies swapped medical jargon. The next thing he knew he was being addressed
by this teenager who reminded him a great deal of his wife Jill when he first
made her acquaintance while at college. He vaguely remembered this one hanging
around in the lab a few times when he visited, but he'd never been formally
introduced to her.

	The minute she opened her prissy mouth and began to stammer and stutter
the lights when off and bells started clanging in his head. He had found another
live one, or as Wilson might have described her, a tabula rasa, something empty,
blank or unformed, just waiting for someone to do something with it. Tim
suddenly imagined himself in his laboratory with his assistant Al/Igor helping
him strap her down to the operating table so he could begin the process of
changing her into a raving beauty who had but one directive, to screw the
toolman's brains out at the arch of his eyebrow. He'd show that Wilson fellow a
thing or two about eyebrow arching since in his dream he was a graduate of the
Rock Institute of Eyebrow Manipulation.

	For the next ten minutes Tim enjoyed the fantasy, ignoring the back and
forth technical talk that was flying over his head, but making sure that this
little sweetie knew that the toolman was definitely interested in doing
something with the raw material she was making available. Then with a flourish
that only Wilson could create he swept into the room clad in the colorful garb
of an American Indian medicine man or perhaps a shaman from the Northwest. Tim
had no clue, but his neighbor sure looked unworldly.

	That got Tim to thinking, as much that is, as the few brain cells that
were currently operating would allow. Perhaps Wilson was from outer space, an
alien come to observe the people of Earth. It was at that moment that Tim got a
very sharp pain that seemed to be centered in that area of his brain responsible
for higher order functions. He could swear that he heard the voice of Wilson
saying, "Now Tim, you  really don't want to go there, now do you?" Then it felt
as if he had been plugged into the local power plant; a sensation that could
only be described as excruciatingly unpleasant even for a dullard like Tim.

	The ladies from the university were properly impressed not only by
Wilson's costume, but the Indian chant that he intoned as he moved around the
group, causing them to form a shrinking circle as if they were defending
themselves from this strange intruder. Then just as suddenly as he had appeared,
Wilson transformed himself into the know-it-all, but not threatening neighbor
that Tim was most comfortable with, the one that spoke English and didn't make
the toolman feel like wetting his pants.

	He welcomed the faculty members effusively, declaring how he was honored
by their presence at the party and casually mentioning what an honor it was to
be in the company of Professor Honeypussy, the winner of the Johanson Medal only
last year for her pioneering work in the area of sexual coding in preteen female
natives of the Maldive Islands. There was a stunned silence from the group at
his words. The good Professor Honeypussy looked as if she was about to have an
orgasm, while her compatriots just stood there open-mouthed. Seizing the
opportunity, Wilson invited the ladies to come over to his humble home and join
him in a cup of herbal tea, one that he brewed using special ingredients that he
grew in his greenhouse.

	To poor benighted Tim, it looked as if the pied piper was leading the
children from Hamlin. He could do nothing but shake his head to bring himself
back to the real world and be thankful that for some strange reason this awesome
creature that went by the name Wilson Wilson enjoyed having him around. "I guess
I must be something like a family dog to Wilson, that's not too bad." Tim
thought to himself. Then his head began to hurt again and there was that damned
voice that sounded just like Wilson. "Not a dog Tim, try something much lower in
the food chain, like perhaps a fruit fly." This time when the electricity from
the local power grid ran through the toolman, the lights of the city dimmed
briefly.

	Most everyone past the age of ten knows about the mad tea party from
Alice in Wonderland. That little get-together paled in comparison with the
herbal tea party that Wilson threw for the key members of the faculty of the
Human Physiology department. The ladies were literally charmed out of their
clothing by the wonder brew that his two servants, Yuko and Miko, served. There
were sighs of delight and the smacking of lips, delicately of course, as the six
women sampled this wonderful concoction that Wilson had personally created for
the occasion.

	Each of the ladies claimed that her particular tea was most unique, and
proudly reeled off the numerous tastes and aromas that they were experiencing.
Unbeknownst to them, each and every cup of herbal tea had been brewed from the
same ingredients in a common pot. What they did not know was the tea reacted to
the ratio of proteins to amino acids in their blood streams, releasing a unique
volume of neurotransmitters to the brain of each of the ladies. This accounted
for their different responses to the tea as far as taste and smell were
concerned. It also caused the subjects to lose consciousness, the duration of
this state being determined by their body weight. Finally it made the subjects
very sensitive to any suggestions that might come from authority figures such as
Wilson Wilson.  How else could one account for the behavior of Penny Pence who
currently was seated in the sweat lodge, stark naked while she pleasured herself
manually and inhaled the steamy essence that rose from the heated rocks.


				 ( To be continued )










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Trials and Tribulations of Tim - Chapter 12



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now that the main players had assembled and were in the process of being cut from the herd, so to speak, it was time to take stock and figure out just how many rings this little circus had. In the Taylor's upstairs bathroom were Jill Taylor, the Meister women, and now Professors Graves and Wharton plus their dates, Marcy and Alicia. Getting that many females wedged into one bathroom, even the large one personally designed by the Toolman, was quite a feat. Poor Commander was left waiting downstairs for his cue to enter and do his doggie thing with Jill.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Off to the side, in one of the smaller bedrooms or rings was Tim's brother, Jack or was it Bob, and Brad, or was it Brenda? Currently nodding off in Wilson's famous parlor were the six members from the Human Physiology Department, and waiting in the sweat lodge was Penny Pence, hoping for a return engagement with her new love, Wilson, or was it Winabojo, the trickster.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Scattered hither and yon between the two residences was a horde of soccer players, Yuko and Miko, the grandmother-daughter combination that kept Wilson sexually satiated, as well as anyone else that happened to get within a few feet of them, Al, Candi Dandi, and assorted survivors from the first shindig that featured Jill Taylor, Nana and a cast of dozens, all dedicated to making her wish she had never met Tim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Keeping track of the various goings on was something that a Wilson could do, but certainly it was beyond Tim's limited abilities. So before things get completely out of hand it would be best to concentrate on what was occurring in Wilson's parlor and then see how Tim's brother and his new friend were coping. Later on things would get even more complicated when Mark, Randi, Wonder and the dog plus other assorted spear carriers, some symbolic others real, would make their appearance. If you're the kind of reader that enjoys lots of characters, have I got one for you here!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Basically the target for the evening was the ladies from the Human Physiology Department. They had all partaken of Wilson's special tea and settled down for naps of various durations. Each fell into a dream state that was more nightmare than reverie. None would discuss what they experienced with their peers, but were very susceptible to the wiles of Wilson or his alter ego, the trickster Winabojo.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Professor Meadowes, or Muffin as she was known back in her days at Gerald Ford High found herself on her first date with Bob Brady, the quarterback of the school football team. A movie and a soda afterwards was the usual initial outing even with someone as important as her date. They had barely settled down in their seats at the theater when he excused himself and returned shortly to inform her that he wasn't feeling well and he'd have to drive her home immediately. Although terribly disappointed she was a good scout and went with him to the parking lot to get his car.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No sooner were they inside the car then a ski-masked figure held a knife to her throat and ordered Bob to follow his instructions or his date would have her throat slit here and now. Poor Muffin almost wet her panties, but realized there was little she or her date could do at this time. They drove out of the city limits and then took a dirt road for perhaps fifteen minutes before arriving at a ramshackle house bordering a corn field. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bob and Muffin were marched to the door of the house which opened to receive them. They were taken to a large room located in the back of the place that was illuminated by a number of lanterns and revealed a large battered mattress in the center. Standing around the mattress were a number of figures also wearing ski masks. A muffled voice ordered both of them to strip to the skin. Bob put up a struggle but was quickly overpowered and kicked to the floor. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one with the knife threatened to cut Bob unless she stripped and didn't make a fuss. By then she was almost hysterical, but did as she was told. Soon Muffin stood there naked, legs closed and her hands trying to cover both her breasts, rather small but still growing, and her vaginal area. There were grunts and a few mutterings that she coudn't make out. She looked down to discover that her date was as naked as she and sporting an impressive penis that hadn't gotten hard yet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What happened next was indescribable. Bob was dragged over to a chair by the mattress and tied to it. Meanwhile the others in the room disrobed to reveal their long thick sex organs. To incentivize her to do as they wished, the knife was held to Bob's throat. Muffin thought it strange that her date's penis was now erect. She also couldn't help noticing that it too was rather large. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had little time to speculate further as the gang pushed her onto the mattress and began to have their way with her. In less time than it takes to tell, she lost her virginity,or was it virginities, since those nasty animals not only used her vagina, others lined up for her to suck them to guarantee they'd be hard enough when it came their turn. Even worse, a few of the more dominant, aggressive types decided to use her puckered pooper to vent their lusts. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Being a virgin, she bled, but the level of pain was tolerable and after a time her body seemed to accommodate itself to the various male members that sawed away on her vagina and throat, with an occasional pervert stretching her fundamental, a place she never realized could be used in this manner. When they began taking pictures of all the ugly things they made her do, she was horrified. What if they showed these to her friends, teachers, or worse still, her parents?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon the hard meat entering her body was doing it for the second and even third time. The worst of them didn't have the biggest members; instead those who pushed in and out of her holes fast and keep doing her at that pace for what seemed like hours were the ones she dreaded. They also were the ones who loved to hear Muffin scream and beg for relief. Now the relentless onslaught was taking its toll and the pain was increasing with each and every rape that took place. All the time while she was raped over and over Bob stared fixedly at what was going on, his penis hard and sometimes even twitching.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was inevitable, someone from the mob of rapists suggested that she satisfy her date for being such a gentleman and letting them go first. Her laughing assailants dragged her over to where her date struggled against his bonds. She became aware of the absolute disgusting mess that was covering many&nbsp; portions of her naked body. It seemed that there almost was as much dried sperm or semen or whatever on her skin as was percolating inside her vagina and colon. Even worse was the conditionof her mouth. It would never be the same, ever again. The memory of all that nasty white stuff, and the way it tasted when they repeatedly flooded her mouth with the salty goo would remain with her forever.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Muffin was pushed to her knees in front of the chair to which her date was tied. A big hand forced her jaws apart and one of the rapists took Bob's penis and played with it for a brief time to make sure it was rock hard. She was appalled by this action, but offered no resistance when his penis was guided into her spermy, sewer of a mouth. She was ordered to suck him off or they would lop off the top of his "dick". She did as they told her and Bob Brady exploded inside her mouth, much of his salty offering going down her throat, choking her as the audience laughed at her discomfort. The flashes from the cameras while she completed this perverted act blinded her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Someone announced the time and Muffin was allowed to dress and Bob was freed from the chair and also given back his clothing. He was forced to drive back into the city with Muffin held hostage in the back seat by the knife wielding rapist, who insisted she give him another "blowjob" for his troubles. She was too far gone not to object, taking his hard "dick" into her mouth and sucking it until he shot a wad of the stuff down her throat, forcing her to cough, but not choke. She was already beginning to learn how to make her "dates" happy, something that would stand her in good stead as she grew up.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Muffin's nightmare was not yet over. Somehow she got home and made it into bed without alarming her parents who trusted their daughter implicitly. She was astonished to discover that she had managed to get back before their curfew, another lucky break, or so she thought. Two days later the pictures came, addressed to her parents. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That night Muffin was marched up to their bedroom, made to undress, and given a good beating with her father's strap as she bent over the bed, supporting her body by her trembling arms. To keep her mind focused on the task at hand, while her father was turning her tush into mush she was being taught the proper way to eat out her mother's dripping vagina. This would be the first of many sessions that regularly took place over the time she spent in high school. That is not to say that her father didn't join in educating Muffin on the proper way to pleasure a man as well. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Professor Meadowes awoke abrupty in a cold sweat, the nightmare still fresh in her mind, or was it a dream? It was so real, especially the part about her parents brutalizing her over the years. How could this be? Then she remembered those guilty pleasures, lying in bed masturbating and fantasizing that her father was stretching her&nbsp; tight little pussy with his huge cock while her mother gently stroked her brow and now and then nibbled on her breasts, which in her fantasy were big and firm with stiff nipples. No one knew about those dreams except her! She never told a soul, no matter what the temptation. As for Bob Brady, he turned out to be gay, if you could imagine that!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked around the parlor and noticed that except for Jennifer Hitton, the others were still asleep, each moving restlessly and one or two even mumbling beneath their breath. Suddenly she was galvanized into action, Muffin needed to find that fellow, Wilson, and quickly or he'd sell those pictures taken of her that terrible evening. She stumbled to her feet and rushed from the room , heading across the way to the Taylor house.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a fruitless search she returned,even more excited and upset to be confronted by Miko, one of the Japanese prostitutes that served Wilson and kept him happy in his own quirky way. To her amazement, the young woman or perhaps girl motioned her to follow, as if she could read the professor's&nbsp; mind. Behind the Wilson house or was it a compound, stood the sweat lodge, even more imposing in the darkness, illuminated only by the half moon peeking through some clouds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She followed Miko into this large crude building and immediately was overwhelmed by the scents, the vapors rising from the heated rocks surrounding a small pool, and the strange incantations that this tall, masked figure clad in some kind of tribal costume was chanting. There was more as she quickly discovered when her eyes grew accustom to the dimness inside the sweat lodge. Sitting on her knees in front of the chanting figure was a naked woman in her early thirties with fantastic breasts staring down at the earth for no apparent reason.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Professor Meadowes was not expecting the speed with which this masked creature moved. In a blink of an eye, he was towering over her and in a booming voice inquired as to what she sought. For a time the professor thought she was once more a child and had blundered into a place that she had been forbidden to go. She managed however to stammer that she was looking for Wilson Wilson, and did he know where he was? 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The figure answered that he and Wilson were one, flooring the woman. Then leaning even closer to the frightened pedagogue, the creature said, "You seek the photographs. They are here under Wilson's control. For a small tribute you can guarantee that they will remain hidden as long as you are faithful to his wishes. For the moment remove those silly vestments and come join us by the pool of forgetfulness."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Trials and Tribulations of Tim - Chapter 13



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Muffin Meadowes had to admit that going without clothing in this strange environment gave her a sense of freedom she had rarely experienced in her career as a teacher and mentor. Now she was approaching this steaming pool where this extremely attractive woman awaited her. The professor was fascinated by the statuesque thirty-something's large well-formed breasts. She had always longed for some form of physical validation to attract the male of the species, but alas she had turned out to be just average.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Penny Pence was also judging the naked woman who looked to be somewhat older than she, and for some odd reason she felt a feeling of sexual excitement ripple through her sweaty body. Without any hesitation, the two women came together and embraced, their tongues swirling into each other's mouths as their bodies joined into one. They were too engrossed to notice the flashes as Miko dutifully recorded their embrace and what followed in all its sweaty details.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sucking the buxom woman's tongue was but an aperitif for the teacher. What she wanted was to sup on those magnificent gourds jutting, not hanging, from her lover's chest. Ms Pence reciprocated, transfixed by her love partner's hairless pubic mound, making her appear almost childlike in the dim light of this steamy grotto. Her hands strayed downward and made contact with Muffin's soaking slit that had suddenly begun to ooze a creamy substance that drove Penny to near madness. The teacher ground her vulva against the warm hand probing her slit and maneuvered herself to begin suckling from those bountiful breasts. Neither thought it unusual that Ms Pence's breasts were letting down warm, sweet milk; wasn't that their function?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Winabojo, the trickster, could not resist temptation when it came to naked women, especially naked women who were doing erotic things to each other. He intruded and used his power to turn the duo into a trio. He rutted like a jungle animal, mounting first one and then the other, leaving behind his seed on each occasion. They say that the reason the lion is considered to be the king of the beasts is his fantastic ability to cover his pride, often mounting them as often as thirty times in a single rutting session. However compared to Wilson's avatar, the lion was but a pussycat, a tame one at that. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No one was keeping count, but Ms Pence had been penetrated so often that her entrances, fore and aft, were perpetually gaping. Professor Meadowes had given and taken to the point that she had no detailed memory of the countless couplings she had enjoyed in the company of her jungle beast whose fangs left no visible marks. In her mind it was a single marvelous continuum of fear, awe, joy and sorrow, abruptly ended, leaving her sobbing by the pool of forgetfulness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Later when the photographs were distributed among those who partook of the tea and the sweat lodge, there was no fear or embarrassment, just a terrible sense of loss. Ever practical, Wilson gave thanks for the digital camera, or he would have been forced to invent and then construct this revolutionary toy that was to take sex out of the bedroom and put it on the Internet to the dismay of the "authorities", whoever they claimed to be. However as a vehicle for blackmail, they failed miserably until Wilson had to develop a follow-up threatening to send copies to their employers or loved ones in certain rare cases.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having completed his objective with these two, he immediately put them from his mind, not caring about their wanderings once they cleared the sweat lodge. His loss of interest was replaced by others eager to take advantage of their lack of clothing and attitude, which was a cross between a hypnotic trance and a slight case of nymphomania, probably a hangover from their bout with Wilson's mysterious avatar. Professor Meadowes had the good luck or misfortune to come upon a band of stalwart soccer players, still seeking Brad, the changeling. By chance Penny Pence found her way into the bathroom where Jill Taylor was "entertaining".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Meitster family had finally emptied themselves into and onto Jill Taylor until the poor woman looked as if she was in her third trimester, and carrying triplets, big ones at that! The quartet had left to find a source of liquid refreshment, accompanied by Al, who claimed to know of a place in the basement where a large cache of soda and beer was kept hidden away from the eyes of Jill. It seems that Tim's wife had taken a strong stand against alcohol, as well as sugar-laden drinks designed for the teenage crowd. Al was having problems locating the basement due to the distractions created by the four large women all displaying every square inch of their fleshy, naked bodies. Tim's assistant had a raging hard-on that would have been the envy of any teenager. The only thing that saved him from himself was the impossible decision of choosing which of these heroically constructed females to couple with first.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Commander had just finished another round with his new bitch, Jill, and was curled up in the corner licking his dick that was coated with her spendings. Jill may have been saying no, no, no; but her pussy had been steadily contradicting her denials as the dog's chiseled dick had pumped away inside her less than tight cunt at a rate of speed that no man could possibly attain, even for a few brief seconds. The audience now composed of people from Jill's department at the local college, had a grand time urging the dog to fill her to the brim with fresh doggie cum, and then screamed delightedly when Commander's knot locked them together for many long minutes. The naked department personnel had shrieked with hysterical laughter as the mongrel dragged his partner around the bathroom in a vain attempt to get rid of her so he could take a nap.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Currently two of Jill's professors, Graves and Wharton, had taken over and were doing the honors. Graves, the department chairperson, was busily burying her jumbo dildo even deeper into Jill than Commander had. Wanda Wharton was straddling her former student's damaged chest and feeding her anywhere from six to eight inches of hard rubber currently attached to her groin. Their young girlfriends, both students working hard towards their degrees in sex education and group interaction theory, were seated together on the edge of the tub, giving them a great view of the goings-on taking place on the tiled floor. They were so carried away at what they were witnessing, that the two of them were openly masturbating, uncaring that they were being seen by all the occupants of the bathroom.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It may have been the squawking that Wharton's dildo was forcing from Jill that attracted Penny Pence into the bathroom, but her arrival caused quite a stir. It wasn't just the fact that she was stark naked, had a blank look on her face, or that her fantastic breasts were still leaking milk; it was the way her body seemed to vibrate as if it was a giant tuning fork that had just been struck by a hammer. The blank stare turned into a loopy grin as she realized what was taking place here. "Can I play too?" Ms. Pence asked in a childlike voice. Her simple request caused consternation among the people from the Social Studies department.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marcy Marsh, the main squeeze of Professor Graves, got the ball rolling by pointing to her shaved pubic mound and telling Ms Pence to get down on her knees and start licking it all over and not to stop until she was told by the student. Professor Wharton's live-in lover, Alicia, made a face and whined that she was being left out of all the fun. Wanda Wharton suggested that Alicia be given a chance to have her pussy licked by Jill while she took a turn at stirring up the juices still dripping from Penny Pence's ravaged pussy. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Within ten minutes Jill and Penny were on their backs, legs spread wide to give the two professors easy access to their oozing twats. The bathroom was large enough so that the heads of the two women were touching as their tongues noisily lapped away on the student pussies that were rotated back and forth to always provide some new territory to be worshipped by Tim's wife and the hospital's chief financial officer. On occasion Commander would rouse himself and partake of his old or the new bitch, egged on by the gang from the college. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would be some time before the Meitster clan would return to the fray, as they were now busying themselves with Al, taking turns mounting him and enjoying his fat cock as it introduced itself to the four of them, providing plenty of pleasure while they filled their bellies with the cache of liquid he had unearthed for them. Had she not been so preoccupied by the studly soccer players that seemed never to be satiated, Candi Dandi might have wondered about the whereabouts of her date for the evening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Candice Honeypussy awoke with a start to pitch darkness, the fetid smell of things rotting, and a humid heat that surrounded and almost suffocated her. She attempted to wipe her sweaty face, only to discover that her wrists were tied to the narrow pallet upon which her naked body was stretched. Then it all came back to her in a rush.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There had been a military coup and in the space of a few days the area that they were visiting went from order to chaos. Worse still foreigners, once welcomed for the stable currency they freely spent in this third world country, were now considered enemies of the new state. Candice's tour group had been held in the hotel by armed men who claimed to be in command. A day later another group of armed men took over and ordered the tour, which had not been fed, into trucks that transported them on dirt roads for nearly an entire day without once stopping. Many of the tour were retired folks who had not eaten in nearly two days and had gone without water during this arduous trek to what was in effect a concentration camp carved out of the jungle.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They debarked from the trucks and were greeted by a uniformed native armed with a submachine gun who informed them that they were to be held as prisoners until their countries vouched for them as not being spies, and paid tribute to gain their release. One older gentleman objected strenuously to what he heard and was beaten savagely by the guards that responded to the native's call for assistance. Once the man was subdued and dragged off, never to be seen again, the group was segregated by sex, the men marched off to another part of the compound. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ladies were then ordered to remove their clothing. There was stunned silence for a moment or two followed by two of the older women breaking down and sobbing at the prospect that lay before them.&nbsp; Candice decided that resistance was foolish and so she began to strip off her clothing. She was down to her panties and bra when a guard used his rifle butt to strike one of the old women who was making a racket with her crying and screaming. That broke the back of any effort to avoid following his orders. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon there were thirteen naked women ranging in age from the late sixties to Miriam, the fourteen year-old daughter of one couple. Candice, Miriam and another woman in her late forties were ordered to put their hands behind their necks and spread their legs for a physical examination to see if they had any contraband on their person. The native guards grinned and did their best to humiliate the trio. Candice grimaced as fingers invaded her vagina and wiggled around inside, while another set of hands manipulated her breasts, pinching the firm flesh and tweaking the nipples into an erect state. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They saved the most humiliating part of the search for last. She was made to bend over and use her hands to spread her bottom cheeks. Then one of the guards stuck two fingers deep into her rectum, making her gasps from the pain this crude intrusion created. Satisfied that there was nothing out of the ordinary concealed within her rectum, he pulled his fingers free and then put them to her lips as he grinned. Candice had to will herself to not break down and do something foolish. The guards all roared with laughter when she sucked the guard's fingers clean of whatever they had encountered during her cavity search. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The others laughed and seemed to try to outdo each other in embarrassing and degrading their captives. At last the uniformed one called a halt to the revelry and ordered the trio to be taken to a low building located about two hundred meters from where they stood. Candice never spoke to and rarely saw any of the others after that.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Trials and Tribulations of Tim - Chapter 14





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The three naked white women were shoved into the office of the commander in charge of this camp. The black man was dressed in fatigues and had a scar on his cheek. His eyes moved from one female to the next, stopping at the teenager. His face was stony, showing no emotion, but his hands drummed the wooden desk that separated him from his captives. His English was surprisingly good, but what he said sent shivers through the three females.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You three have been selected to provide entertainment for the men of my command who are responsible for the operation of this camp. Failure to obey any order given by my officers will be considered a breach of discipline and the offender will be subject to appropriate punishment. There can be no appeal to this directive. Obey and your life here can be bearable, resist and it will become a living hell for you."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Miriam began trembling while the older woman's face hardened before she spoke. Candice held her tongue, which turned out to be the correct choice as far as a response was concerned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm not naive. Your sugarcoated vocabulary does not fool me in the slightest. I have no intention of becoming a camp prostitute for you or any of your thugs!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She got no further as her escort smashed his baton across her shoulder blades, driving the air from her lungs and nearly causing her to fall to her knees. The commander pushed himself away from the desk and came round with a look on his face that made Candice cringe. The one who had struck the woman put her into a half nelson just as his superior arrived and drove his knee up into the middle-aged female's crotch. He stepped back and grinned as she began vomiting. The other tightened his grip and forced her head forward. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The commander's fist crashed against the side of her face, distorting it. Now she spat blood and a piece of one of her teeth as well. Still not satisfied he kicked her squarely in the twat, the toe of his boot neatly splitting her cunt lips apart, forcing her to bring up more vomit that impeded her ability to breathe. The commander stepped back against his desk and caught his breath before ordering his man to string her up outside and have the guards assemble the prisoners to watch her punishment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All the women lined up shoulder to shoulder, hands behind their necks and legs wide apart. All eyes were fixed on the dangling form of the fortyish woman who had defied the camp commander. Her face where his fist had struck was swollen and a purplish color. There was a fast growing lump on her jaw and it was apparent that he had also fractured her cheekbone. Candice could not help visualizing one of Dali's masterpieces as she stared fixedly at the ruined face of the woman.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman's wrists were tightly bound with rope that was looped around the hook embedded in the wooden beam jutting from the post. Her entire weight was supported by her arms, putting a tremendous strain on her shoulder muscles. Rope had been tied to each ankle and anchored to a pair of concrete blocks, pulling her legs apart and causing the tendons in her thighs to be stressed to their limit as evidenced by their trembling. Her head was hanging down, but she was obvious conscious based on the sobs that issued from her bloody mouth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two large, muscular men stripped to the waist approached the naked woman, whips in their hands. They took up positions on either side of her dangling body and glanced over toward the camp commander for his signal. Before he gave his approval, he said a few words to the women, some of them already swaying from the terrible heat and the fact they had not had any water for the past twenty-four hours.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Pay close attention to everything that happens to this ingrate. She had been selected for an important role in sustaining the morale of all those in my camp. Instead she refused and insulted my men as well. This is why she is about to be punished. Obviously she will not be able to fulfill this important position which means there is an opportunity for one of you to take her place. Remember that as you watch my men exact a fair price from her for her disobedience and arrogance."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as he finished speaking, he dropped his hand and intoned "One hundred ....each, and make every lash count." Then he turned on his heel and stalked back towards the building that housed his office, leaving the assembled women and the guards to watch the punishment that was meted out to the prisoner. The men swung their whips and they landed within a fraction of a second of each, making it sound like a drawn out lash landing on her flesh. The first welt bloomed just below her sagging tits, while the other curled around her upper thigh leaving a welt that circled it. She screamed to the high heavens and a number of the assembled prisoners looked away. They were rewarded with rifle butts slammed into their bellies, doubling up those who disobeyed the commander's orders to pay attention to the whipping the prisoner would receive.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guards took their time working up and down the prisoner's body. Once or twice they even managed to cut into her face, bringing bellows of agony from their victim. Another time one of them managed to wrap his whip around her throat and when he pulled it free, pieces of skin came with it. They would concentrate on her tits for a time, landing blow after blow until those sagging lumps of fat were shredded into strips of bloody flesh. After the first twenty-five from each, they took a breather, walking around and checking that their victim was still conscious and able to take more of their whips. The audience stood mute except for an occasional burst of sobbing that drew frowns from the guards and unspoken threats from the way they held their weapons.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the two men drank water from a bucket placed a few feet from where the prisoner dangled, blood flowing from the dozens of cuts they had made in her naked body, she groaned and tried to say something. She was too weak and her lips so parched that nothing intelligible came from her. They knew full well what she was trying to communicate, she was pleading for something to drink. One of the torturers grinned and held a ladle of water only inches from her face, before making a show of drinking half of it and letting the remainder trickle down into the earth just below her bleeding body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more the cracking of whips resumed as they tore her back to ribbons, then moved to her ribs, coming from both sides simultaneously. The woman passed out from this terrible assault and was revived with brutal blows to the pit of her stomach and her swollen genitals from one of the men who used the leather wrapped handle of his whip to inflict even more pain on her already devastated body. Now the crying and wailing from the women prisoners grew louder and the guards waded into the group using their rifles and fists to restore a semblance of order to the crowd.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took another rest at sixty lashes each. The prisoner had passed out once more and they decided to let her rest for a few minutes before they revived her for another round of scourging. Had they been more observent they might have noticed her shallow, labored breathing and the uncontrollable twitching that rippled through her welted, bloody body. Once more refreshed they attempted to rouse their victim for another segment of this ferocious beating. They were unsuccessful and this made the women prisoners go mad with fear and anger. This time it took a few rounds fired into the air to bring them to heel. It also brought the commander from his office to see what was causing this near riot among the prisoners. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He harangued his troops in their native language and pointed an angry finger in the direction of the two guards responsible for carrying out his orders to whip the prisoner. There were mutterings from the men and he wisely backed off the stream of insults that he had directed at his underlings. He took a long careful look at the horribly mutilated women who had defied him, and decided that she had taken enough punishment for the day. However to reestablish his authority over his men, he decreed that she be taken down and then used to satisfy the sexual needs of the camp guards, while he selected her replacement from among the remaining prisoners.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last thing Candice ever saw of her former companion in misery was her bleeding body draped over an oil drum on her belly and a long line of excited guards waiting their turn to use her asshole or cunt before she died from shock, loss of blood or acute dehydration. She and Miriam were marched to another low building that turned out to be the officers quarters, currently accommodating three men besides the camp commander. This was their first "entertainment" assignment and they were used cruelly by the three black officers who seemed to be vying with each other as to who could do the most damage to their victims' bungholes and pussies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Poor Miriam took the worst of it, being so young. Rarely was there only one officer raping her; usually there would be one in her mouth while another sawed away at whichever hole was bleeding the most. They seemed to be excited by the sight of blood, especially bleeding that they could claim they caused by a particularly brutal pounding they delivered to the battered and totally terrified teenager. Candice took the other approach, offering no resistance to what they did to her and even giving her assailants the idea that she was enjoying their manly efforts to impregnate her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These were inherently cruel people it seemed. When they were finally exhausted and unable to continue raping the two females, they devised games that further humiliated and degraded their victims. Miriam was forced to allow them to piss into her open mouth, and if she failed to swallow every drop,they would use their fists or belts to punish her, usually whipping and punching her budding tits or using the buckle end of their belts on her vulva and the entrance to her pussy that was sore and swollen and thus extremely sensitive to the blows they gave it. In the case of the more willing Candice, they amused themselves by seeing how far they could stretch and twist her tits and nipples. Tiring of that they took turns trying to ram their fists into her cunt. One of them was smart enough to smear his hand with grease and work it into her twat and then close his hand into a fist that was so large it actually distorted her birth canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At last the rape and torture session ended when a buzzer sounded, signaling the commander wished to see the two females. They were escorted to his office and introduced to their newest camp prostitute, an overweight blonde in her early thirties with large pendulous tits and a hairy pussy. Her face bore evidence that she had been a tough sell, but finally the camp commander had his way. Now that his morale building corps was fully staffed, he had their first assignment, to take on the entire staff of guards, who were less than thrilled with what the older, well whipped woman had offered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time there were three oil drums waiting for them and soon the trio was being raped savagely by a seemingly endless line of angry guards with hard cocks and the strong desire to provide them with as much pain as they could deliver. Candice and Miriam suffered greatly since they had already been cruelly used by the three officers. The heavy blonde on the other hand seemed to be almost immune to whatever was done to her. This gang rape lasted for hours and Candice fainted often. After a time she hardly felt what was being done to her body, it had gone numb from all the mishandling it had received. Fortunately for the three of them their attackers were too busy raping them to notice their feelings or even if they were conscious or had been fucked senseless.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was nearly dusk before the rape session came to a close. To show that these people were less than civilized they had one more torment for the trio to endure. It was now almost two days since they had any water and they would have done anything to be allowed to slake their burning thirst. They were marched over to the commander's building to discover him standing in front by a large wooden bucket. They were braced to attention, shoulders back and chests thrown out to shamelessly display their tits and cunts. The commander reached down and pulled a large scoop from the bucket and poured the contents onto the dirt at their feet. They stared in horror as the earth swallowed up the precious water, so near and yet so far. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He pointed to the blonde and two of the guards threw her to the ground in front of the bucket of water. Her hands were swiftly tied behind her back and then without any order or warning, the two men pushed her head into the bucket and held it beneath the water. At first she struggled, then relaxed, probably drinking all the water she could hold. Then she discovered that she could not raise her head and quickly panicked as the guards all laughed at her fright and the way she reacted. Her struggles were brief but violent, but the two were too strong for her and soon she began breathing the water into her lungs, signaling that she was on the verge of drowning in less than a foot and a half of water.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenager was next and was so thirsty and confused that she immediately began taking water into her lungs and nearly died. She was only saved because the commander of all people realized she was in difficulty and screamed at his men to get her head out of the bucket. He railed at them in their native tongue and they cowered under the lash of his rage. Candice understood why he had exhibited a trace of human kindness, but she knew better already. He did not want to lose his prize camp prostitute so soon when the chances of finding a replacement for her were nearly impossible.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Candice learned from the mistakes of the other two women, or so she thought. She took a quick breath or two to saturate her lungs with oxygen, and made no effort to resist. The commander however was one step ahead of her, having participated in this form of torture in the past. Just before they pushed her under, she took a hard blow from a rifle butt between her shoulder blades that drove the air from her lungs. She went under moments later and panicked. The guards easily kept her beneath the water and she began breathing it into her lungs. The last thing Candice remembered was the darkness closing in on her.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





