BDSM Library - Bound To Grace




Bound To Grace
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Henry's life as a slave continues. Although an excerpt from a novel, this chapter stands alone as a short story.Bound To Grace   
Carmenica Diaz   
The Beginning   
Henry groaned as Virginia skilfully stroked his rigid cock, bringing him
  to the edge of orgasm yet again. As his body began to stiffen and tremble,
  just when he thought Virginia was going to let him finally come this time,
  she removed her hands.  
'Poor baby,' Virginia whispered and smiled.  
Groaning in frustration, Henry turned his head as tears pricked his eyes.  
It's too much, I can't stand it!   
Lashed down and naked, Henry had been in that position for four hours. Virginia
  had stroked him lightly and teasingly for the first twenty minutes, bringing
  him close to coming and then leaving him alone, to stare in frustration at
  the ceiling, his hard cock bobbing in the air.  
She had returned with his hood, slipped it on and he was blind but his mouth
  and nose were free. Henry's head was hanging over the edge and her moist sex
  settled over his mouth.  
Although blind, Henry knew what to do and began to nibble, lick and caress
  so expertly, his Mistress shuddered with an orgasm after thirty minutes. He
  had never seen her naked since they had entered their new relationship. Henry
  was constantly denied a glimpse of breasts or pussy.  
'You're a slave,' Virginia taunted him, 'slaves aren't real men. You don't
  get what real men get! You lick and kiss pussy but never see it! That's for
  James, my real  man!''  
The hood remained in place while her hands teased and played with his straining
  cock. All pubic hair had been removed and his red cock bobbed above his denuded
  groin like a flag pole. The hair on his head was becoming long and she had
  tied it that day in a humiliating ponytail.  
'Does poor baby want to come?'  
He groaned but didn't say anything as he was not allowed to speak while she
  teased him.  
She left him alone again, just as he thought she was going to relent and
  let him come.  
Returning after twenty minutes, Virginia had removed the hood and he saw
  she was dressed in sexy lingerie as she bent over him and silently began to
  stroke his cock with a long feather.  
Neither said anything; Virginia because she liked to hear his groans and
  whimpers and Henry because he had been instructed to be silent.  
 It was three months to the day that they had entered into the second contract
  and Henry had become Virginia's willing slave. Twenty four hours a day, seven
  days a week, he was owned and owned completely.  
In celebration and also because of the plans she had made, plans Henry was
  unaware of, Virginia had decided she would allow her slave to think he was
  about to come, to bring him close constantly but not allow him to go over the
  edge.  
By delaying that welcome orgasm as long as possible, it reminded him of his
  status and that he depended entirely on her for any sexual relief. She also
  enjoying having him completely at her mercy.  
It still surprised her how potent the image of restrained and needy male
  muscles were, the begging and the soft pleading noises as she stroked him all
  made her so wet and lustful.  
A leather collar was closed around his throat, permanently locked in place
  and Henry knew he would never be able to remove it without the key to the padlock.  
The collar was loose enough to move up and down his throat for hygiene and
  for his Mistress to slip her fingers under it to seize it, to guide him as
  he crawled naked beside her.  
The feather stopped and Virginia walked form the room, her bottom swaying
  delightfully in the tight white teddy, the black stockings shimmering in the
  light, her high heels rapping on the floor and Henry was left alone with his
  frustration.  
Waiting&hellip;waiting.  
His entire focus was on his urgent need to come, to ejaculate at last after
  denial of eight weeks, his longest period since the new contract had been put
  in place.  
Will she let me? Will she let me come or just lock me up again?   
At last, she returned and Henry hoped this was the final time.  
He wanted to beg her, to plead for relief but he had been commanded to be
  silent.  
'You look so cute, all tied up and your willie so hard and desperate,' she
  murmured, lightly running her fingers over the head of his straining cock.
  'Poor baby boy!'  
He groaned again as she began to lightly pump his cock with one hand while
  the fingers of her other hand traced his balls.  
Henry stiffened, all his thoughts focusing on coming. This time!
      Please, this time!   
 But it was not to be and he almost wept when she removed her hands. Virginia
  giggled softly at the look of anguish on her pet's face and the red and slippery
  cock, slick with his juices and the lotion she had teasingly rubbed into it.  
Her fingers traced his mouth. 'Can you still taste my pussy, my beautiful
  pussy you can never see? James made love to me last night and his cock is so
  large, so big it fills my pussy so beautifully.'  
Henry groaned again and she laughed softly, closing her hand around his cock
  once again. Henry shivered from her touch.  
Smiling at last, she began to pump harder. 'Come for me slave,' she whispered
  seductively, 'come for your mistress and celebrate your servitude! Come!'  
Her hands pumped and pumped, quickening the tempo until Henry's entire boy
  was stiff and pulsating with need.  
And, with an animalistic cry, Henry came.  
He lay, head back as his breathing slowly returned to normal as Virginia
  stood next to him, smiling with victory.  
Calmly, she cleaned him with a soft and wet cloth and Henry felt the Dickson
  device being applied and locked on.  
Will it be another eight weeks? Please, no!   
'Run my bath,' Virginia said as she unlocked his wrists and ankles, 'and
  then prepare dinner for me. You may have a small sandwich and a glass of water.'  
Henry gingerly got up and stretched his stiff muscles.  
'Yes Mistress,' he said and walked stiffly to the bathroom to return to the
  duties of a slave.  
www.cafeboudoir.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





