BDSM Library - Nightmare in the Woods




Nightmare in the Woods
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenna learns a hard lesson about what can happen when a woman goes jogging in the woods alone.






-----------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING! This is ADULT oriented material of a graphic and violent sexual nature. 
It is also a work of FICTION. If you find yourself confusing fantasy with reality, even only on occasion, then please click your browser back button now.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Nightmare in the Woods 
by Night Owl 
First Posted: 10/04 

(Story Content: M+/f, Outdoor Bondage, Gang Rape) 

The dream was always the same, and so horrible that Jenna would often wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat with her heart hammering against her chest. But unlike most nightmares, this one actually happened. It all began on a Saturday, when she had decided to go jogging through a remote section of forest just outside of town. Normally, she performed this early morning ritual in her neighborhood, but it was late summer, and she had an urge to get away from the traffic and smog. It was that fateful decision that led her to the most terrifying day of her life, and a day that would always haunt her through many sleepless nights. 

Jenna Morasca had studied Zoology at the University of Pittsburgh, but after moving to Seattle, she quickly learned that working as a model seemed to offer more lucrative opportunities than her college degree. It certainly didn't surprise anyone. She was second runner-up in the Miss Pennsylvania U.S.A. beauty pageant two years ago, so she already had the experience of working in front of a camera. And speaking of beautiful, no one fit the bill better than she did. Her 32C breasts were quite firm, even for a 23 year old. Her brown bedroom eyes, long dark hair, and lightly bronzed skin, thanks to her Italian ancestry, gave an exotic air to her appearance. 

On the morning of her jog, Jenna wore the usual attire - gray tank top cropped short above her navel, a sports bra, windbreaker jacket, and a pair of black, leggy shorts that hit high on the thighs and low on the waist. Her dark hair was tied neatly into a pony tail to keep it out of the way during her workout. The look often drew long stares from men as she passed them on the street, so Jenna made it a habit of carrying a small can of pepper spray in her jacket pocket, just as a precaution. 

The drive took only 40 minutes. Everything looked lush and green, due to the abundant rain that typically falls all year round in the northwest. Jenna parked her car at a trailhead just off the main road. There was a black Chevy Blazer with tinted windows parked nearby, but other than that, there wasn't a soul around. She did the usual stretches to loosen up her limbs, then began jogging slowly down the hiking path. 

The woods were quiet, empty and almost eerie in their stillness, except for the insects that seemed to be buzzing everywhere, yet the sun was getting warmer and brighter that early morning, and that encouraged her to push on further down the path. About an hour into her run, she checked her watch and decided to turn around. It was then, she noticed a man walking toward her on the trail, no doubt the owner of the Blazer she saw earlier. He looked clean cut, about 6' 10", good build, with nicely chiseled features, jet-black hair and dark eyes. He grinned when he saw her and said, "Good morning." Jenna smiled back as she approached him, not noticing the other two men crouching in the brush nearby. 

Suddenly he jumped in front of her and before she could react, one of the other men grabbed her ponytail and jerked her head backwards. Jenna was so startled, she didn't think to scream or even try to get away. The man holding her was very rough-looking. He had a shaved head and tattoos on both arms. He took hold of both her elbows from behind her back and held them together with one massive forearm, while maintaining his grip on her hair with the other hand. Her windbreaker slid down her shoulders as he squeezed her elbows tightly together. 

"What the HELL are you doing?" Jenna shrieked, hoping the tone of her voice would somehow scare them off. 

The dark haired man glanced around and said, "Looks like, whatever the HELL we want to." 

"Yeah, it's just you and us, sweetheart" the one with the tattoos added. His eyes then dropped down past her shoulder into the deep cleavage under her tank top. 

Her third attacker was big, well over 6 feet tall, and powerfully built. He said very little, but watched her intently like a predator sizing up its prey. For some reason this one scared her the most. 

As she stood before them, the tattoed man kept her elbows locked together, allowing the others to survey their prize. She had long, smooth, very sleek looking legs, and they were now quite exposed to the hot glances of the men. Her jogging shorts barely covered her upper thighs, and the wide leg holes allowed their greedy eyes to take in the lower swells of her ass cheeks. The waistband fell well-below her navel, leaving an expanse of flat tummy all the way up to her bra line. But it was her breasts that drew the most attention. Like perfectly formed globes, they were round, full and widely spaced under her tank top, and with her arms held tightly behind her back, her tits seemed to thrust out even further than usual, pressing her bra cruelly against them. One didn't have to look too closely to see the bumps of her protruding nipples poking outward through the tight confines of fabric. 

"Damn it! Let me GO!" 

She tried desperately to break the hold, but her efforts were only rewarded with a closed-fist punch to the pit of her stomach. Tattoo then gave her hair such a yank, that it literally pulled her down to the ground. She sat there, doubled over in pain with her long, bare legs splayed outward. Jenna realized now that her worst fear was about to become a reality. Her heart was beating like a drum against her chest. The sharp pain in her stomach almost made her sick. She tried to scream, but Tattoo immediately placed his meaty hand over her mouth. 

"We gotta get her off the trail!" 

They pulled her up again and forced her into the dense brush, leaving the windbreaker behind with the can of pepper spray in its pocket. 

By now, Jenna's head was swimming. So much was happening at once, that her mind couldn't keep up with it. She could remember feeling the thick undergrowth scraping against her legs as they led her down a steep ravine by each arm. A few times she slipped on the wet leaves and fell backward, only to be roughly pulled back onto her feet again. When they reached a small clearing, the tattooed man struck her in the right temple with his fist and sent her reeling to the ground. The hit was so hard it almost knocked her out. 

"Careful man, I don't want her face messed up." 

"The hell with her face, I wanna see this bitch's tits." 

He pushed Jenna down and yanked her arms over her head so hard, it felt like they were being pulled out of their sockets. One of them took off her jogging shoes and held her ankles while the other two pulled off her tank top. The dark haired one knelt over her, then without saying a word, held a large knife over her chest, slipped the blade under her sports bra and began cutting until it snipped apart. The fabric fell back easily, releasing her breasts. For a moment, all three men marveled at how perfectly round they were, and how well they kept their shape, even while she was lying on her back. Her wine-colored nipples were pebbly and puckered. 

"Wow, those titties can't be real!" 

"Who the FUCK cares, man! Let's have a look at that tight little ass." 

Together, they rolled Jenna over onto her stomach. The stench of wet, decaying leaves filled her nostrils. Her arms were still pinned above her head, and one pull of the ankles kept her limbs stretched taut. She was quite helpless. Someone then placed his knee into the small of her back, and she cried out in pain when he leaned into her with all his weight. She felt them jerking and pulling at her jogging shorts, their rough hands groping her nude body as they removed her panties and the tattered remains of her bra. They turned her back over and pulled her legs apart, so they could get a look at the neatly trimmed pussy nestled between her thighs. 

"That's a nice little snatch you've got there, sweetheart." 

"Help me tie her wrists." 

The other two held her down while the tattooed man tied Jenna's wrists together with some rope. He then looped a lengthy piece of rope through her wrist ropes and cinched it tight. 

"Now drag her over there." 

They pulled her by the wrists to a large tree nearby, while the tattooed man tossed the other end of the long rope over its lowest branch. Jenna knew there was very little chance, if any, of anyone helping her out here, but she had to try, so she screamed again, this time at the top of her lungs. 

"Shut the fuck up, BITCH!" Tattoo kicked her in the side of the stomach so hard it knocked the breath out of her. 

"This'll keep her quiet," and the dark haired one stuffed a dirty rag into her mouth. 

Her ankles where bound together with more rope, then the three men pulled on the free end of the rope that was looped around the tree branch. Jenna felt her wrists being pulled upward until her feet barely touched the ground. The rope was then tied off to another branch to keep it taut. She now hung there, arms stretched over her head, with no way to cover herself or hide any part of her privates. Looking down, she could see that her breasts had flattened a bit, but they still stood out provocatively from her ribs. Again, her nipples shot outward. The three men stepped back for a moment in silence, letting their eyes roam over every contour of her naked form, taking in every detail. Jenna was about to be brutally raped and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Involuntary shudders racked her body. Her heart began to beat furiously and her mouth grew dry. Then a strange feeling overcame her - the exposure, the thought of being bound so helplessly, and at the mercy of three strangers. For a moment, her mind slipped into an erotic daze - or was it shock. Jenna couldn't tell for sure, but seeing the way they looked at her, the way they licked their lips with wolfish excitement, both repulsed and aroused her at the same time. 

"So who gets to fuck her first!" 

It was then, the big man finally spoke. 

"Don't we need to hide her car?" 

The other two looked at him, then each other. He offered no further explanation, but it was enough the get them thinking. 

"He's right," Tattoo agreed, "we're gonna be here for a while, and someone may find it and come lookin' for her." 

"While we're at it, let's bring back some beer," the dark haired one suggested. 

"Are you FUCKED! We don't have any time for that!" 

"Sure we do. There's a liquor store just 5 miles down the road. She ain't goin' anywhere." 

"All right, but we ALL go. That way, no one gets any ideas of fuckin' the bitch while the other two are gone. Deal?" 

All three agreed, and with that, she was left alone, hanging naked from the tree while they went back to the trailhead. 

This was her only chance. Jenna knew they would be back, so she had little time to lose. Looking upward, she first tried to untie her hands, but that was no use. The knots were behind her wrists and there was no way of reaching them with her fingers. Her only hope was to somehow slide them out of the ropes. For the next several minutes, she tried to stay focused on loosening the bands of rope around her wrists by twisting them slowly, but the frustration was maddening. The weight of her body had already tightened the knots, and any movement at all seemed to only tighten them more. Jenna kept at it until she couldn't move her arms any longer, leaving her no choice, but to wait for the rapists to return. 

That proved even more difficult, for the minutes that passed seemed like hours. She felt like a wild animal, snared and waiting to be skinned. Her wrists were chafed and her arms began to ache terribly from being held over her head for so long. Her body was also sweating all over from the strain of her suspension, and she shivered occasionally, unable to avoid or shield herself from the damp air. 

Then she heard voices. 

For a moment, Jenna prayed it would be someone else and that she would be freed. But as the voices grew louder, her heart sank. 

"Did you miss us, sweetheart?" the three men burst out laughing. 

Jenna almost sighed with relief when they lowered her down to the ground, but the ordeal was far from over. They dragged her over to a clump of trees. Forcing her to lie on her back, they tied her wrists to a pair of small trees spaced about 5 feet apart, so that her arms would be stretched outward from her shoulders like a V. By now, Jenna was overcome with shock. She only made a weak attempt to fight them off this time, and that resulted in another sharp kick to her ribs. She kept her eyes closed tight and tried to hold back the tears as they tied more rope to her ankles. Her legs were then lifted up and pulled apart as far as her poor body would allow, then tied by each ankle to a tree branch. There was no question now as to what would happen next. Her smooth crotch was spread wide open, leaving both of her holes exposed and ready to be violated. Jenna couldn't have been in a more vulnerable position. 

They stepped back for a moment, apparently to admire their handiwork. Then they cracked open a few beers and sat on the ground nearby. Jenna couldn't see them, but she could feel their unblinking eyes tracing every curve of her body as they slowly got drunk. There was no hurry, after all; plenty of time to carry out their plans. Jenna lay there naked and shivering for nearly an hour before she heard someone's zipper go down. 

Tattoo approached her first. His big, sweaty cock was already hard. Jenna tried to pull away as he positioned himself between her open thighs, but it was useless with her ankles bound so securely to the tree limbs above. Then with one quick thrust, he forced the whole length of his shaft into her helpless pussy. Jenna screamed into the gag. She had never been fucked dry before and the pain was excruciating. He pulled back, then drove it in again, and again, as he relished the feel of her tight sex. It seemed to go on forever, his beating hips continued to slam against her inner thighs, each time with more force. Jenna had no choice but to lift her ass upward to accommodate him, in the hope of easing the pain of his savage thrusting. Then finally, his lean body tensed and he gave her one last push. She could feel hot spurts of cum filling her sore vagina like burning lava. 

"Did that hurt, bitch?" 

He withdrew his softening cock out of her and smiled, "well it sure felt good to me," then he laughed. 

It was Dark Hair's turn next. Before Jenna could relax, he placed his eager cock against her pussy and began teasing her by rubbing it up and down her tender, pink folds. 

"You like this don'cha, baby!" 

Jenna groaned helplessly as he plunged into her at full force. He ran his hands over her breasts and played with her nipples, then reached between her legs and pinched her clit. Several more agonizing minutes passed before he was finally done with her. 

"I guess she's a whore now," he smirked while zipping up his pants. 

"Two down, one to go!" Tattoo cheered them on. 

The pain and shock of the ordeal had drained her strength and weakened her spirit. The only chance Jenna had now was to lay there quietly and hope they would let her go when they finished. Then she looked at the big man standing between her outstretched legs and her eyes widened in horror when she saw his enormous cock. It had to be 12 inches long! 

"There's no way that thing will fit inside me!" she thought. 

The other two men untied her ankles. 

"Relax babe," one of them said, "it shouldn't feel so bad now that we loosened ya up a little." 

The two men pulled her legs apart until they were almost perpendicular with her body. Jenna could feel the pain shoot down the backs of her limbs as her body tried to adjust to this new position. Then they leaned forward on her legs so that her ass was lifted off the ground. Her gaping pussy now stood out in plain view between her outstretched thighs. The big man got down on his knees, then pressed the head of his massive cock between her swollen, dripping folds. She struggled desperately but the other two men had a firm grip on her legs. It took some difficulty, but he managed to force his cock little by little into her pussy. Jenna screamed and jerked helplessly. It felt like her insides were going to split apart. Her cries only seemed to encourage him more as he worked the entire length of it deep into her vaginal tract. She had never felt anything so big inside her before. She wanted to beg for him to stop, but the gag frustrated any attempts to speak. He began to pump her slowly, in and out, until he got a rhythm going. Jenna tried to relax but the quivering walls of her vagina kept pulling and clutching at the massive intruder. He grabbed her hips with his powerful hands and pulled them close to his so he could fuck her harder. 

The big man's endurance was incredible. He was hammering her body violently now and Jenna could actually feel the head of his cock pressing against her cervix. He never took his eyes off her the whole time, as though he seemed to enjoy watching her suffer more than performing the act itself. Finally, he closed his eyes and squeezed her hips tighter, and she felt the muscles and veins in his giant organ working inside her, pumping what seemed like an endless supply of warm semen deep into her womb. 

"She's fulla hot piss now!" Tattoo laughed. 

Jenna lay there motionless, her breath coming in ragged gasps, as they re-tied her ankles to the tree. She hoped it was over now. She didn't care if they left her bound like she was, just as long as they left her alone - but they didn't. Instead they settled down in the shade and smoked a cigarette. Then more beers were opened. Jenna couldn't believe what was happening, they just sat there, laughing and joking. She couldn't tell what they were saying, but there was no doubt the conversation was about her. She closed her eyes and lay still, hoping not to draw any attention as they smoked and drank their beer for what seemed like an eternity. Then they tossed the cans aside and approached her again. 

"It's time for round two, baby!" 

Jenna's heart started to beat faster again, so fast that it felt like the pounding would bore a hole through her chest. They loosened the knots around her ankles and pulled on them so that her ass was lifted well-off the ground. The man with the tattoos then slipped underneath her while the other two lowered her down on top of him and tightened the knots. She could feel his hard, naked body underneath her now, her buttocks pressed firmly against his sweaty thighs. He took hold of her ass cheeks with his hands and spread them apart. Jenna tried to mentally prepare herself for, yet another attack on her pussy by this brute, when suddenly, she felt the growing pressure of his cockhead against her asshole. 

"No! PLEASE&#8230; not there!" Her mind screamed out. 

She tried to fight off the invasion by twisting and turning her body, but it was no use. She felt a sharp pain as he slipped the head of his cock into her puckered hole. Jenna never experienced sex like this before. The sensation was very new to her, and even more unpleasant than what she'd been forced to endure so far. 

"Oh man! This bitch is tight!" 

Jenna screamed into her gag. The pain in her asshole was so intense she almost fainted. Her body tried to push his cock out, but he kept forcing it in. He reached up and grabbed her breasts for a better hold. She wanted to bring her arms down to take his hands away, but the ropes held them in place. Finally, her body gave in, and he shoved the entire length of his shaft into her asshole. 

Then the big man made his move, and before Jenna knew it, he was pushing her legs apart and forcing his huge cock in and out of her cum-soaked pussy. Tattoo began to move his cock slowly opposite him. She felt both cocks working inside her now, rubbing against each other through the thin layer between her two canals. She tried to wiggle away, but it only made the pain worse. The big man grabbed her hips and the other tightened his hold on her aching breasts as they continued their assault on her body from both ends. Just when she thought she had experienced the worst, the dark haired man lay down beside her and pulled off her gag. 

"Ya ever been fucked three ways, baby?" 

Before Jenna could say anything, he pushed his cock against her mouth. She tried to turn her head away, but he grabbed the sides of her face with both hands. 

"You're gonna give me some head, bitch," he said, "and you're gonna do it like you want it or I'll cut your fuckin' throat." 

By now Jenna was so traumatized, she barely heard what he said. She felt herself open her mouth and let his rubbery cockhead pass between her lips. 

"Now suck on it, baby, suck it good, like your life depends on it." 

She sucked his cock as he thrust it in and out of her mouth with ease. 

"Use your tongue, baby...." 

Again, she obeyed and ran her tongue along his long, bumpy shaft. Then he pushed the entire length into her mouth. It almost choked her when she felt the tip touching the back of her throat. Looking up, she saw him grinning down at her with smug satisfaction. 

Jenna's helpless body was now being violated in every way possible. She didn't know how much time had passed before the tattooed man's cock began to pump and throb inside her asshole. He gripped her breasts so tight, it felt like he was going to tear them off. 

"Aw man.... here it comes, baby...," and she felt his warm load fill her ass. 

This seemed to excite the dark haired man even more, and he began to pump her mouth faster and harder. Jenna felt faint from shock and lack of oxygen. Then he spilled his cum deep into her throat, leaving her no choice but to swallow all of it. She was coughing and gasping when he pulled his softening cock out of her mouth. 

The big man was still hard at work on her pussy. His huge cock hammered upwards, almost jerking her up off the ground with the force of a pile driver. Sweat from his forehead began to drip down onto her flat belly. Tattoo freed himself of her asshole, but still maintained his hold on her. 

"Do'er in the ass, man!" 

Jenna screamed. 

The big man pulled his throbbing cock out of her pussy and pushed it into her asshole. She screamed again, the pressure down there was unbearable. His hips pounded into her ass cheeks unmercifully until she felt his warm semen gush into the deepest recesses of her anal canal. Then Jenna fainted. 

When she woke up, all three of them were standing nearby talking to each other, most likely discussing what to do next. Were they going to kill her? Jenna already knew the answer to that question. She was a witness to her own rape, and the only one capable of putting them in prison. 

Then one of them mentioned something about "taking a piss first", and all three disappeared into the brush. Jenna knew this would be her last chance. Again, she tested the ropes, and this time, found that her left wrist had not been tied as tight as the others. Frantically, she began to twist and turn her chafed wrist within the loose rope. By now, her tanned body glistened all over with her own sweat, including her arms. The sweat seemed to act as a kind of lubricant, allowing her to squeeze her wrist through the loops. Reaching over, she untied her right wrist next, then her ankles, and within minutes she was free. 

Getting up took some effort. Every muscle in her body ached terribly and her insides felt loose from the constant penetration she was forced to endure. She grabbed a tree branch to steady herself, until her legs regained enough strength to stand on their own. She then searched for her clothing, finding only her jogging shorts, tank top, but most importantly, her running jacket with the can of pepper spray still in the pocket. Apparently one of the men had brought the jacket back from the trail. Jenna grabbed the spray, then quickly got dressed. 

"No doubt, those assholes have my panties hanging like a trophy off their rear view mirror," she thought with disgust. 

There was no sign of the trail, but she did hear the faint sound of a car whizzing by, telling her that the main road could not be far away. Jenna was just about to move in that direction, when suddenly, she heard the crunching of leaves behind her. 

"Where the HELL do you think YOU'RE goin'?" 

The familiar sound of the dark haired man's voice made Jenna's heart jump. Somehow, he had managed to sneak up behind her while she was gathering her clothes. He lunged at her before she could even turn to look at him, sending them both sprawling into a patch of weeds nearby. Jenna was acting partly on her instincts now, and partly on rage. She grabbed the can of pepper spray and took careful aim, sending a wave of mist full-force into her attacker's face. 

"Owwww! SHIT! My eyes!" 

His hands reached for his face as he fell backward. 

"Hey! She's loose!" 

That was Tattoo, emerging from the brush with his fly half unzipped. The big man was there also, and he had a knife in his hand. 

Jenna quickly went through Dark Hair's pockets as he lay there writhing on the ground, then turned and ran for the road with the other two men following close behind. Without looking back, she picked up her pace, while timing her breaths as though she were running a marathon; only this was a marathon that she had to win for her life depended on it. The two men ran hard, but they were either too drunk or out of shape to keep up with the young jogger. By the time she got to the trailhead, they were far behind and out of sight. Jenna went straight for their Blazer. Using the keys that she had taken from the dark haired man's pocket, she then turned the vehicle's ignition and sped off, kicking gravel behind its tires. 

Eventually, her wounds healed. The vehicle registration was used to track down her rapists and all three men were prosecuted. Jenna's rape counciling helped ease the trauma of her ordeal, and perhaps some day, she might be able to go into the woods alone again. 

But the nightmares... 

End 

 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Night Owl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





