BDSM Library - The Bet




The Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: For a husband and wife, a game of cribbage becomes a competition, with the loser at the mercy of the winner.The Bet   
"Let's have a game of crib. Anything is better than Seinfeld," Nick muttered,
  turning from the TV.  
"Sure, we haven't played crib in ages. Besides, I think I've seen this one," Penny
  jokingly replied.  
"Really?!" he exclaimed in mock surprise. "You've seen this one?! I didn't
  know you were a Seinfeld fan!" She loved Seinfeld as much if not more than
  he hated it, and they both knew as much.  
"Oh, I've watched it a few times."  
"Sure. And I love chick flicks!" Nick responded sarcastically as he got up
  from the couch. "I'll go find the board and a deck; it's hard to say where
  they've ended up. Wish me luck!" he called as he headed downstairs. After months
  of constant renovations to their home, it was always a pleasant surprise when
  they searched for something and actually found it.  
"Do you want anything to drink?" she called after him.  
"Sure, Coke please," he yelled from the basement.  
A few moments later he returned with the crib board and a deck of cards. "All
  I could find were Christmas cards. Are we allowed to use these in October?"  
"I won't tell if you don't."  
"Deal," he laughed as he shuffled the deck and set the board between them
  on the couch. "Why don't you find something else for us to watch? We've seen
  this episode so many times I think I have the entire script memorized."  
"How about Simpsons?"  
"Simpsons?" he replied mockingly. "What a novel concept. We haven't watched
  Simpsons in, what, an hour?!"  
"Shut up!" she laughed playfully as she changed the channel.  
Nick finished shuffling and offered the deck to Penny to cut for dealer, "Ladies
  first."  
"Yeah, it's probably rigged." as she cut the deck a few cards deep.  
Nick stuck his tongue out at her as he took his cut from near the bottom
  of the deck. Looking at the card, he glumly held it up. "Three."  
"Jack," Penny replied as she showed her card and then reached for the deck
  to start dealing.  
"That's alright, I'll still win."  
"Sure, if you're cheating," she laughed as she dealt the cards.  
"Me?! Never!" Nick retorted with a wounded look on his face, then raised
  his right hand and put his left hand over his chest, "Scouts honor."  
She laughed as they picked up their hands. "Whatever that's worth!"  
"So since you trust me not to cheat," he started with a grin, "Care to make
  it interesting?"  
Penny rolled her eyes. "Why does everything have to be a bet with you? Can't
  we just enjoy a quiet game?"  
"We could, but what's the fun in that?"  
"Yeah, yeah," she said in a resigned tone, "alright, what have you got in
  mind?"  
"Oh, nothing out of the ordinary."  
Penny groaned, thinking that what passed as ordinary for her husband would
  probably get him arrested in some parts of the country.  
"What?!" he said responding to the groan. "I haven't even told you what I
  have in mind."  
"Oh, I think I can probably guess."  
"OK, maybe you do know what I have in mind," he admitted laughing. "But hey,
  a good idea is a good idea. So, the loser has to be the winner's slave for,
  hmmm, how long?"  
"Not all night. It's getting late."  
"We'll only play one game then. How about 5 minutes for every point that
  the loser loses by?"  
"So if I lose by 3 points, you'll only have 15 minutes?" she queried.  
"Right. And the skunk line doesn't matter. Unless you want the skunk line
  to double the time," he offered, knowing full well she wouldn't agree.  
"No, that's alright. We'll ignore the skunk line!"  
"So it's a deal?"  
"Sure."  
Since Penny had won the cut, she dealt first and had first crib. Nick was
  a little worried about that, since usually when they played, whoever dealt
  first tended to win more often than not. But he was by nature more competitive
  than Penny, and this time he had a bigger incentive to not only win, but win
  by a large margin.  
For the most part, scoring in the game was even. Whoever had the crib usually
  got the best score, and they one 19 hand apiece. They laughed and joked throughout
  the game, and neither mentioned the bet until Penny crossed the skunk line
  with a 6 point lead over Nick.  
"Oh, you're in trouble now," she said as she passed her cards to him. "I
  wonder what I should get you to do when I win. Maybe a couple loads of laundry
  and the dishes. And the windows always need done."  
He laughed as he started to deal the cards. "It's a little dark out to be
  doing windows. Besides, you haven't won yet."  
That round held crappy hands for both of them, and ended with Penny leading
  by only a single point needing 20 points to win the game, and her turn to deal.  
"Nervous?" he asked jokingly as he picked up the cards as Penny dealt them
  to him.  
"Not really. You?"  
"Not a bit," he replied, which wasn't completely true. While he didn't mind
  the thought of losing, a certain part of him wanted to be in control tonight.
  And if he was going to have any time to play with, he needed a winning hand
  this round since he counted first.  
And as he looked at the cards she was dealing to him, he thought he just
  might be able to do it. He had two kings, a queen, a jack, a nine and a six.
  He quickly grabbed the nine and the six and threw them into Penny's crib. While
  he hated to throw her points, he couldn't resist the 8 point hand and the possibility
  of a lot more points if a five, jack, queen or king turned up. It would all
  depend on the card that turned up when she cut the deck.  
He did his best to keep a poker face on. "Looking for anything in particular?" he
  queried.  
He asked that all the time, and she rarely fell for it, especially when it
  mattered. "Oh, one of those would be nice, or maybe one of those," she quipped,
  pointing at several cards in her hand.  
"It's your cut," he reminded her, trying to keep his voice level.  
She cut the deck, and he turned over the card. He almost did a dance of joy.
  It was a five, and better still, it was the same suit as his jack. He quickly
  added up his points. The run totaled 3 points, the two pairs 5, the four fifteens
  totaled 8, and another point for the right jack. He was holding 17 points,
  he only needed 21 points to win, and he counted first. All he had to do was
  peg at least 4 points and the game was his. And more importantly, his wife
  would be his to do with as he pleased for at least an hour and a half, which
  was more than enough time for what he had planned.  
Now came the most dangerous part of the hand. The more she pegged, the less
  time he would have her for. And if he didn't peg at least 4 points, she would
  get the points in her hand which could mean losing even more time. He hated
  leading with tens, but had little choice since he was holding a fistful of
  face cards. Hoping to catch her with a three-of-a-kind that would end the game,
  he threw down a king. "Ten."  
"Twenty," she said, throwing down a ten.  
"Thirty" he said, throwing down the queen. 'Hope she doesn't have an ace',
  he thought.  
"Go."  
Breathing a sigh of relief, he pegged a single point. "Your go."  
"Ten," she said, throwing down a jack.  
'One point to go!' he thought as he threw down his jack. "Twenty for two," he
  said and took his points, belatedly thinking, 'I hope she doesn't have a jack;
  three-of-a-kind would hurt.'  
"Twenty two," she said, throwing down a two.  
"Go"  
"Twenty five for one," she said as she threw down her last card, a three,
  and took her point.  
"Ten for one," he said, throwing down his remaining king and taking his point. "So,
  my count first?" he asked rhetorically as they picked up their cards.  
"Yep."  
He quickly organized his cards and laid them down. Trying to keep the excitement
  out of his voice, he counted out his points. "Fifteen two, fifteen four, fifteen
  six, fifteen eight, two is ten, two is twelve, two runs is eighteen, and the
  right jack is nineteen." He picked up his back peg, counted out the holes,
  and placed his peg in the winning hole. "Well dear, looks like I won," he gloated.  
"Don't you always?" she snorted.  
"Not always," he said with an evil grin, "just when it counts. So let's see,
  how long are you going to be my slave?"  
She had only pegged a single point in the hand, and she knew she was in trouble. "Too
  long," she said dejectedly.  
Nick slowly and methodically counted each single hole between his peg and
  hers, not in groups of five like he usually did, but calling out five minute
  intervals with each hole. "5 minutes, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55,
  60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95 minutes. Hmmm, over an hour and a half. Whatever
  shall I do with you?" he asked, theatrically stroking his chin.  
"You could let me go to sleep," she offered.  
"I could. But that wouldn't be much fun." Then he had a particularly wicked
  idea. "But if you're tired, we can always wait for another night."  
"Maybe&hellip;" she started warily, thinking this sounded too easy.  
"Of course, I'd be forced to charge interest. Say, 15 minutes per night."  
She groaned inwardly, knowing that if it sounds too good to be true, it usually
  is. She knew as well as he did that they were busy the next few nights, so
  her hour and a half would quickly become more like two and a half hours. With
  that in mind she quickly replied, "No, tonight is good."  
"Oh, too bad," he said with mock regret. "I was looking forward to having
  you as my sex slave for two or three hours." Which was partially true, but
  he really wanted her tonight, and soon.  
He decided to get things started. "Well, it's almost 9:30 now, so I'll give
  you five minutes to get ready and then we'll start. Why don't you go get changed
  into something a little more comfortable," by which he meant, something that
  would be easier for him to take off her later. "How about that dark blue negligee?
  Why don't you go put it on, then come back into the living room. I'll put the
  dog to bed," he said getting up from the couch. For once, their six month-old
  Lab/Shepherd was being quiet, and had only interrupted their game a couple
  times. "C'mon Shadow, let's go!" he called on his way to the front door.  
"OK," she said, heading for the bedroom and then the bathroom. It was late
  October, and most nights at this time of year they had a fire burning in the
  woodstove downstairs, so it was nice and warm in the house. Penny's sister
  complained that their house was always too hot, but Penny and Nick liked it
  that way. And Penny had a feeling that in a short time she would be glad for
  the warmth.  
A couple minutes later, Penny was sitting on the couch in her blue negligee. "Any
  problems," she asked as he walked into the room, meaning him putting the dog
  to bed.  
"Not even a whimper," he replied. "She's tired; we ran the legs off her today."  
He sat in the chair and faced her, then glanced at the clock. "Its 9:35,
  time to get you ready for bed. Why don't you turn off the TV?"  
After she had turned off yet another episode of the Simpsons, he began, "First,
  I should lay down the rules. You know your safe-words, right?" he asked.  
She nodded her agreement.  
He always tried to remember to ask her that before they played. He couldn't
  remember when he had first proposed her safe-words; he had read about them
  somewhere on the Internet, and had remembered them because they were simple
  yet effective.  
'Yellow Light' meant that she needed his attention, because something hurt,
  or he was going too far with a particular activity. It meant she wanted to
  continue playing; she just needed to change the pace for a moment. In over
  five years of marriage, she had used Yellow Light sporadically, and never for
  anything more serious than a cramp or a minor discomfort. It didn't mean she
  was afraid to use it; he liked to think that her not using it meant that he
  was sensitive enough to her needs to avoid her needing to use it.  
'Red Light' on the other hand was the off switch for their play time. He
  had explained to her that Red Light meant, 'that's it, we're done, playtime's
  over for the night'. She had never used it, and he hoped she never would. If
  she had to stop everything by using Red Light, either he had gone too far,
  or it was an emergency; neither of which appealed to him.  
"OK, here are the rules." He usually ad-libbed the rules, depending on the
  mood and how strict he wanted to be, and tonight was no exception. He didn't
  feel like being too strict about rules tonight, which he knew would suit her
  fine. But it didn't hurt to have a few rules to work with.  
"First, you will do exactly as I say, without hesitation." 'After all, what
  good is having a slave if you can't tell her what to do', he thought.  
"Second, you will only speak when spoken to." This was pretty standard fare.
  Penny was dead set against wearing a gag of any sort, so if he wanted her quiet,
  it had to be a rule.  
"Third, if I ask you a question, you will answer me verbally, not with a
  nod or shaking your head." She was notorious for using nonverbal language to
  avoid giving uncomfortable answers. If he didn't specify that she had to answer
  him out loud, she would avoid most of his questions.  
That was enough, he thought. He knew that she hated the, 'you must always
  call me Master', rule, and he sometimes worried that it took away from their
  playtime, so he left it out tonight.  
 "If you disobey me," using the word 'disobey' on purpose, knowing it would
  rile her, "I will have to punish you. Understood?"  
She hesitated a split second before answering, "Yes."  
"Good," he said, getting up to close the blinds in the windows. After he
  had sat down again, he asked her, "Are you ready?"  
"Yes," she replied, quicker than last time, but a bit quieter.  
He added a hint of authority to his voice. "Good. Stand up, slave, in the
  middle of the room." He planned to use the word 'slave' as often as he could
  remember tonight, as a reminder of who was in charge. 'As though I'm ever really
  in charge,' he laughed ruefully to himself.  
Penny stood up hesitantly and turned to face him, holding her hands in front
  of her.  
"Hands by your sides; Turn around, slowly," he told her, with a little less
  edge in his tone.  
She started to turn, conscious of the fact that the negligee was rather short,
  ending very high on her ass. 'Probably why he likes it so much,' she thought,
  and she couldn't help but wonder what he had in store for her tonight.  
When she had turned a complete revolution, he stood up and said, "Keep turning
  until I tell you to stop."  
She kept turning until she was facing directly away from him. "Stop there;
  very good, slave." Experts said that positive reinforcement was important when
  training a pet. 'Why shouldn't it work for a sex slave, too,' he thought, grinning
  to himself  
"Place your hands behind your back, wrists crossed, palms flat," he instructed
  her, and she complied, slowly working through his instructions. He loved the
  look of her hands behind her back, how submissive she looked.  
It would be so easy for him to tie her hands, leaving her helpless. 'Not
  yet,' he thought, 'later.'  
"Spread your feet; A bit more; that's it. Now, look straight ahead. Stare
  straight at the blinds."  
He stood up and made his way to her, soaking up the sight of her, his cock
  hardening slightly as his mind walked through his plans for the evening. He
  would take her slowly and deliberately, but he would leave her no doubt as
  to who was in control.  
He lightly touched her left shoulder with the tip of a finger, and traced
  a line along her should blade, then down her spine. Then he continued along
  the curve of her ass to the top of her thigh. She shivered, and started to
  turn toward him. "Ah, ah, eyes straight ahead," he said, and she quickly turned
  to face forward again. He moved behind her, and reached around her with his
  right hand, tracing a line from below her right ear, down her neck and along
  her collar bone, then along the outside of her breast, being careful to stay
  well away from her nipple. With his other hand he reached around her left side
  and mirrored the movement, until his hands came to rest just below her breasts.  
That's when the aroma of her perfume hit him. She wore Alfred Sung, or 'sex
  scent,' as they called it in private. He had given it to her for Christmas,
  and she wore it often, but it never lost its appeal. He made a big production
  of leaning close to her neck on the right-hand side and inhaling the fragrance
  in a long deep breath, at which she let out an almost imperceptible sigh.  
His hands feeling a little restless, he slid them upwards and cupped her
  breasts. Again he strategically avoided her nipples, which he could now see
  were poking at the fabric of the robe. Gently squeezing her breasts, he leaned
  closer to her neck and starting kissing a line from the edge of the fabric
  on her shoulder, up to her ear. Once there, he sucked on her lobe for a few
  seconds, before retracing his path down her neck.  
Her breathing had become deeper, at a slightly faster pace. He continued
  kissing her, using one hand to lift her shoulder length brown hair off her
  neck, and working his way along the back of her neck to her other shoulder.
  His kissing then moved up to her left ear, all the while softly massaging her
  breast with his other hand.  
When he reached her lobe, he whispered to her (careful not to blow in her
  ear; she hated it and he didn't want to break the spell). "You are beautiful
  my slave, and such a good girl, too. You want to be a good girl, don't you
  slave?"  
"Yes." came her barely audible response.  
"And you want to be a good girl who does as she's told, don't you?"  
"Yes," this time a little more emphatically.  
Making his tone a little darker, a little stronger, "Do you know what I do
  to my good girl, slave?"  
She hesitated, not knowing what he wanted her to say.  
He started kissing down and across the back of her neck, slightly faster
  than before, letting her think about his question. Reaching her other ear,
  he whispered in a forceful tone, "The same as I do to my naughty girl." A slight
  pause for effect, and then he continued, emphasizing each word. "I fuck her.
  I fuck her hard. I fuck her, whether she wants it or not." He was building
  to a crescendo, and let it peak with, "Do you want me to fuck you, slave?"  
"Yes," she replied, a mixture of eagerness and apprehension in her voice.  
"Yes, what? Tell me you want it."  
"Yes, I want you to fuck me. Please!" She replied eagerly.  
He was eager too, but he wanted to prolong this, so he calmed his voice as
  much as he could before he continued. "I will, slave. But not quite yet."  
He smiled inwardly as he sensed her deflate slightly, disappointed that things
  weren't moving as quickly as she wanted. Not wanting to lose her attention,
  he stopped massaging her breasts, and stretched his left arm around her left
  arm and across her stomach, pinning her left arm and pulling her body closer
  to his. At the same time he used his right arm to press hers to her side then
  reached up to trace a line across her left breast with the palm of his right
  hand. His hand brushed repeatedly against her erect nipple. With her arms pinned
  to her sides, all she could do was squirm and moan as he ran his hand back
  and forth over her nipple, sometimes gently, sometimes roughly, sometimes stopping
  to lightly pinch and tease her.  
She leaned into him, letting him do whatever he wanted, desire building inside
  her. Reflexively she reached for him, feeling the stiffness of his member within
  his jeans. She rubbed her hands against him, wishing he was inside of her.  
Abruptly he pulled away. She started to turn when he spoke sharply to her. "I
  didn't tell you to turn around. And I certainly didn't tell you to touch me.
  Did I, slave?"  
"No," she answered sheepishly, turning to face forward once again.  
"Should I punish you slave?" he asked forcefully, curious to see how she
  would answer. It wasn't a question he usually asked.  
Sure enough, she hesitated. Finally, she answered, "No, I'll be good. I promise." Yet
  even while avoiding punishment, she still managed to answer in a slightly deviant
  tone.  
'One of the many reasons I love her,' he thought, as he stepped in front
  of her. He softened his tone. "I know you will," he said reassuringly, as he
  lightly stroked her check with his hand. "You're a good little slave girl,
  aren't you?"  
"Yes," she replied quietly, avoiding his gaze.  
He realized that she had been standing here for some time, so he decided
  a change of venue was in order. "Let's go into the bedroom. Go get a towel
  from the bathroom, light the candles that are on your nightstand, and turn
  off all the lights. Then kneel on the center of the bed facing the head of
  the bed, with your hands behind your back like they are now, and stare at the
  spot between your knees. Don't look up until I tell you. Understand?"  
"Yes."  
"Good. Get to it, I'll be back in a minute," he said, and without another
  word he left the room.  
He had to force himself to walk slowly down the stairs to the basement. He
  had no reason to go downstairs, other than to give her a couple minutes to
  do as he had asked, so he stoked the fire, and briefly glanced at his computer
  to see if he had any e-mail. Finding nothing but spam, he turned off the lights
  and made his way upstairs, again avoiding the urge to take them two at a time.
  About halfway up the stairs, he saw the light go out in the bedroom, and he
  heard Penny climbing onto the bed.  
He walked into the bedroom to find her just as he had instructed. Kneeling
  with her knees slightly apart for balance, sitting back on her heels, head
  bowed, hands behind her back. She had her hands were clasped, instead of having
  her wrists crossed, but he wasn't going to be picky about such a small thing.
  'Not tonight anyway,' he thought. 'Another night on the other hand&hellip;'  
He slowly walked from the doorway to the far side of the bed, then back to
  the mirrored closet, all the while watching her intently. Part of him was eating
  her up with his eyes; part of him was testing her to see if she would look
  up at him. When he was convinced that she would do as she had been told, he
  opened the closet and pulled out a briefcase. As soon as he touched the closet
  door, she knew what he was after.  
The briefcase was their 'toy box', and was always kept locked, just in case
  an innocent family member or guest got a little too curious for everyone's
  good. He didn't need much from the toy box, just a silver-plated vibrating
  dildo and a Wartenberg pinwheel. The pinwheel is a fiendish device, and he
  wasn't sure if he'd use it tonight or not. But he grabbed it anyway; 'be prepared,'
  he chuckled to himself, remembering the Boy Scout motto. He also needed the
  small vibrating egg that they kept in the top drawer of Penny's nightstand,
  in case of 'emergencies'.  
Setting the briefcase on the floor in the corner, he reached into a dresser
  drawer and pulled out a long soft scarf. Some might wonder why he had a scarf
  in his sock drawer, but he thought the reason was perfectly obvious: 'for situations
  like this.'  
He laid his treasures on a corner of the bed, well away from Penny. She shuffled
  slightly as he climbed onto the bed and knelt behind her, his knees on either
  side of her feet. She was a little too close to the head of the bed, so he
  touched her lightly on the hips and pulled back, motioning for her to move
  backwards with him. When he thought she was far enough from the wall, he stopped
  moving and let her bump into him.  
She had used her hands to move backwards, and being so close to her he didn't
  want her able to tease him. 'Yet.' He rested his hands on her shoulders then
  slid his hands down her arms and onto her wrists. Grasping each wrist gently
  but firmly, he placed her hands on her knees and turned her wrists so her palms
  were facing up. Then he pressed her hands into her knees, and pulled her knees
  until they were about two feet apart.  
Wanting to feel more of her silky skin, he slid his hands along the outsides
  of her thighs, then up and underneath her robe, and back down to her knees
  along her inner thighs. She gasped slightly as his hands passed within a few
  inches of her sex. His hands continued their exploration up her arms and down
  her sides, across her stomach until they met in the middle. Then his left hand
  moved slowly up to her breast as he pulled her closer to him with his right.
  Pinching and teasing her nipple, his right hand started to slide on her stomach,
  brushing down briefly against her hair and then up, further and further down
  with each pass, until he finally slid his index finger along her clit and parted
  her lips, feeling her beginning to moisten.  
'She's not wearing any panties. How the hell did I miss that?!' he asked
  himself, but felt little inclination to think about it any further as he rubbed
  her harder and started to penetrate her slit a fraction of an inch at a time.
  She started to move with his rhythm, trying to get him deeper inside her. As
  his finger probed inside her, he gently rubbed her clit with his thumb, and
  at the same time teased first one nipple and then the other. He found it hard
  to keep all three motions going simultaneously. 'This is like trying to rub
  your belly and pat your head at the same time' he thought. But she was certainly
  enjoying it, so he did his best to keep his movements smooth and even.  
To keep her guessing, he alternated between lightly pinching her nipples,
  and squeezing and massaging each breast. He knew from experience that she loved
  it when he played with both nipples at the same time, which wasn't easy to
  do with one hand, but he stretched his hand across her breasts and rapidly
  teased each bud in succession.  
After what felt like a long time, but was likely only a few minutes, he slowed
  his assault on her body, letting her catch her breath. He leaned back on his
  heels and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close to him.  
As she rested leaning against his chest, he lightly kissed her neck and whispered
  to her, "Would you rather have something a little more solid inside you?"  
"Yes," she responded, still short of breath.  
At that he guided her up off him and firmly spread her legs a few inches
  wider, until she was well balanced and kneeling straight up. "Look straight
  ahead," he instructed her, and reaching behind him, he grabbed the silver vibrator.
  He brought the vibrator up between her legs so that the length of it hit her
  clit and lips at the same time, and at the same instant he twisted the base
  of the vibrator to turn it on. Penny was so startled by this unexpected sensation,
  she let out a gasp and lost her balance, falling forward onto her hands and
  knees. She shivered as the cold metal touched her skin.  
When she started to get back on her knees, he leaned forward and placed his
  free hand between her shoulder blades, pushing her firmly down on all fours.
  Sliding his hand up her back, he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her
  head up, and was promptly rewarded with another gasp.  
He started to roll the vibrator with his wrist, first clockwise then counterclockwise,
  at the same time sliding it up and down her pussy. She was already moist, but
  he wanted the vibrator moist too before he penetrated her with it. The dildo
  moved slowly at first, gradually moving faster; he didn't want to move too
  fast and hurt her. She rocked with the motion of the vibrator, grinding her
  hips, trying to get the vibrations to push her over the edge. But she wasn't
  close enough yet, and they both knew it. So he continued to tease and torment
  her with the vibrator. Moving the dildo up and down, flicking his wrist to
  twist dildo slightly inside her, tugging the fistful of her hair that he still
  held; all resulted in more moans and more writhing from his excited wife.  
After a few minutes of teasing, he was worried that he might hurt her. When
  he pulled the vibrator away she let out a whimper; she had been enjoying his
  attentions and didn't want them to stop. He awkwardly turned off the vibrator
  with one hand while still holding onto her hair with the other, then placed
  the vibrator aside. 'Not too far away,' he thought, 'I might need that again
  later.'  
Finally letting go of her hair, he slid his hand slowly down the length of
  her spine, then along the curve of her ass and lightly along her now wet pussy.
  Then getting up he stood at the foot of the bed. "Come here, slave," he commanded
  her.  
Not knowing what was in store, but knowing that she wanted more of him and
  from him, she quickly got up and stood before him.  
"Take off my clothes," he instructed her, then adding, "Slowly."  
She started by unbuckling his belt and pulling it quickly through the belt
  loops of his jeans. Next she tugged at his T-shirt, untucking it, and slid
  her hands underneath it. Hooking her thumbs on the fabric, she slowly slid
  her hands up his chest. He lifted his arms over his head as she continued sliding
  her hands up his chest and then up his arms, pulling the shirt up and over
  his head. As he took hold of the shirt to pull it off his arms, she leaned
  forward and started to kiss and suck his nipple. Suspecting what she would
  do next, he let the shirt drop behind him and rested his left hand lightly
  on her back just below her hair. As if on cue, her sucking turned to biting,
  not quite hard enough to leave a bruise. 'At least not this time.' Quickly
  sliding his hand upwards he scooped up a handful of her hair and yanked it
  back, pulling her lips (and teeth) off his nipple. She looked up at him with
  a not-so-innocent look and a gleam in her eyes.  
"Bitch!" he cried, "I should punish you for that." 'But that would take too
  much time,' he thought as he gave her a wicked smile. 'Besides, I enjoyed it,'
  he admitted to himself.  
"Turn around is fair play," he said and she gave him a knowing look. Pulling
  her head back farther and leaning down, he took her left nipple in his mouth
  and sucked on it roughly, then gently rolled it between his teeth. Her nipples
  were far more sensitive than his, especially after so much attention, so he
  fought back the urge to bite her as hard as she had bit him. Instead, he moved
  to her other nipple and gave it the same treatment.  
Releasing her hair, he straightened up and said, "Aren't you forgetting something,
  slave? I told you to take off my clothes."  
Grabbing the waistband of his jeans with both hands, she pulled and unbuttoned
  them, then unzipped the fly. Sliding her hands along his waist and then down
  his thighs, she pulled both his pants and his briefs off in one fluid motion.
  Stepping out of the jeans, he kicked them behind him.  
She started to stand up. "Hey, you're not done yet," he said, pointing to
  his feet then picking up a folded blanket from the bed.  
She knelt back down and pulled off his socks. When she started to rise again,
  he took a step backwards and threw the blanket in front of her, then gave her
  a single word command. "Kneel."  
They had just laid hardwood floors throughout the house, and the layers of
  the blanket would make it easier on her knees. 'I don't want to hurt her, not
  on purpose anyway.' He wasn't the most graceful person, and if he was occasionally
  clumsy, he figured there wasn't much he could about it, so he tried to be aware
  of anything that would keep her from harm, no matter how slight.  
He watched as she hesitated slightly before kneeling on the blanket, clearly
  irritated that he wasn't fucking her yet, compounded with the fact that she
  hated such a submissive pose.  
"Knees and ankles apart, wrists on your knees, palms up," he ordered her.  
He picked up the vibrator from the bed and stepped behind her, kneeling down
  on one knee and setting the vibrator on the blanket between her legs. He ran
  his right hand along the inside of her thigh then began to lightly stroke her
  clit. As she started to sway he slid his left hand under her robe and lifted
  it up, ostensibly to support her. Before long he was fondling her, switching
  between massaging her breast and teasing her erect nipple. Soon she was breathing
  rapidly and rocking back and forth to the motion of his hands on her breast
  and sex.  
After ensuring that her lips were still moist, he picked up the vibrator
  and started to rub it where his hand had been. She shivered again at the coldness
  of it. Within seconds the dildo was wet with her juices. He stopped rubbing
  her clit and placed the tip of the vibrator against her opening, then slowly
  began pumping it inside her, a little deeper with each thrust. Once the vibrator
  was about an inch inside her, he slid his left hand onto her shoulder and,
  holding the vibrator inside her, pulled her back until she was resting on her
  heels.  
"Spread you legs," he said gently. "A little more, that's it," he coaxed,
  until the end of the vibrator was flat on the blankets and the business end
  was firmly impaled in her vagina. Sure that it would not move, he set the vibrator
  whirring with a twist of its control knob.  
Getting up and stepping in front of her, he bent down and kissed her deeply
  and passionately, letting his hands roam over her back, her shoulders, her
  breasts. He could feel her moving up and down, working the vibrator deeper
  and deeper inside her.  
Reaching beside him, he picked up the scarf. "Give me your hands," he ordered.
  She lifted her hands and offered them to him, wrists together, ready to be
  tied. He looped scarf around both wrists several times, then cinched the scarf
  between her wrists until there was about a foot remaining on either end of
  scarf. He finished by tying a square knot on the inside of the tie, away from
  her busy little fingers.  
Now that her hands were bound, he lifted her hands above her head and with
  his left hand held them by the knot between her wrists. Standing in front of
  her, with his cock inches from her face, she bowed her head. He had to resist
  the urge to force her to suck him off. He could almost imagine the heat of
  her breath on his cock, her tongue licking at his head, her teeth raking his
  shaft. 'Someday,' he told himself, 'when she's ready. I can't rush her.'  
Instead, he bent down and, placing his free hand on her chin, lifted her
  head to look past his throbbing member and into his eyes. "Fuck yourself on
  the vibrator, slave," he commanded her.  
Slowly at first, she bobbed up and down on the vibrating dildo, careful not
  to lift herself too far and let it fall out of her. He let her fuck the dildo
  for a few moments, knowing it would only serve to build her level of excitement
  even more.  
"Does it feel good, slave?" he asked her as she continued pumping the rod
  beneath her.  
"Yes," she whispered.  
"You seem to be enjoying yourself. Maybe I should make you suck my cock too."  
She had no reply for that. She looked up at him, trying to guess what he
  was thinking, whether he would really make her do it. He had never forced her
  to do anything that she wasn't ready to do, at least nothing as major as this.
  'Would he make me do it this time?' she asked herself, a little scared of the
  fact that she wasn't 100% sure of the answer.  
For a few seconds they just stared at each other, until he eased the tension. "Or
  maybe I should fuck you instead. Would you like that, slave?"  
"Yes!" she cried, eager to have him inside her.  
He knelt in front of her and turned off the vibrator, then slowly removed
  it from her pussy. Holding her tied hands and helping her to her feet, he let
  her stretch a bit before taking hold of the loose ends of the scarf and leading
  her around the side of the bed.  
"Spread the towel out on the center of the bed," he instructed her, releasing
  his hold on the scarf. She did as she was told, then he added, "lay down on
  your back, hands over your head." Again she complied quickly, wanting him to
  just hurry up and fuck her.  
"All this time, and you're still not naked. I'll have to remedy that," he
  told her as he spread her legs and knelt between her knees. He untied the knot
  in the sash of her negligee, opened her robe, and laid it flat on the bed.
  With her hands tied, he couldn't take it off her, so this would have to do.  
He leaned up and kissed her deeply on the mouth, then worked his way down
  her body, kissing her here and there, paying close attention to her nipples
  and breasts, and to her belly button. He made her squirm by teasing her stomach
  for a few moments, then turned his attention to her inner thighs, kissing,
  licking, sucking, and nibbling them.  
After he had thoroughly explored her thighs, he surprised her by firmly grabbing
  her knees and spreading her legs, leaving her pussy wide open inches from his
  face. He didn't waste any time diving into her with his tongue, licking and
  sucking her clit and lips, drinking in her aroma, feeling her writhe in pleasure.
  He felt like he could lay there for hours, teasing and pleasuring her with
  only his tongue  
As much as he wanted to tease her all night, his cock had other plans, and
  was getting tired of being neglected. He sat up and grabbed the vibrating egg
  from the foot of the bed. Setting it beside him, he positioned himself between
  her knees and guided his cock to her pussy lips. He noticed that at some point
  she had lowered her arms and was resting her bound hands just below her breasts,
  but right now, that wasn't important to him. The only thing that mattered was
  making her cum, so he could cum after her.  
"Do you want me to fuck you slave," he whispered to her.  
"Yes," she answered eagerly  
"Ask for it, slave. Tell me you want it."  
"Fuck me, dammit! Just FUCK ME!" she screamed.  
With that singleness of purpose, he slid his cock into her wet pussy, and
  began to pump in and out at a slow, steady rate. It never ceased to amaze him
  how incredible it felt when his cock was buried inside her. He could feel her
  constrict and relax, trying to grab hold of him from the inside. She moaned
  and rocked beneath him, desperately wanting to cum.  
Grabbing the egg, he placed it against her clit. She reached down and repositioned
  it slightly, looking for just the right spot where it would give her the most
  pleasure. When she had found it, she let out a sigh and lay back, her hands
  once again resting between her breasts.  
Not wanting to break the spell the egg was weaving over her, he changed to
  slow, deliberate, short thrusts with his cock. Lifting her arms above her head
  with both hands, he slid his hands down her arms and gripped her shoulders.
  Leaning over her, he began to suck and nibble first one breast and then the
  other, sometimes avoiding her nipples, sometime attacking them with as much
  ferocity as he thought she could handle.  
Moaning as the pleasure began to build in her, Penny stretched and wriggled
  underneath him, overwhelmed by the attention her pussy and breasts were receiving.
  The constant buzzing on her clit was driving her towards orgasm, and was completed
  by the sensation of his cock filling her. As he switched his focus from one
  breast to the other, she twisted her chest slightly to make it easy for his
  lips to reach their destination.  
Wanting to touch him, she reached up with her bound hands and tried to grab
  at his hair to pull him closer, but his hair was cut too short. Instead, she
  rested her hands on his head. Each time he began sucking and teasing a nipple,
  she firmly pulled him down onto her. She half expected him to grab her hands
  and hold them over her head, but he continued to focus his attention on her
  tits.  
Soon all thoughts of him were lost as she began to feel her orgasm building
  in a crescendo of pleasure. "Oh, I'm gonna cum!" she cried as she arched her
  back and writhed beneath him. Her moaning became louder as the orgasm built,
  until finally she cried out as the waves came crashing over her. She was vaguely
  aware of him pulling the egg away from her clit and turning it off, then moaned
  even louder as he started pumping his cock harder and deeper inside her.  
He could feel the walls of her pussy tightening around his cock as he thrust
  deeper into her. He waited until she was coming out of her orgasm-induced haze,
  then grabbed her bound hands with his left hand and stretched her arms above
  her head, pinning them to the bed by holding the knotted scarf between them.  
"Now it's my turn, slave," he moaned as his thrusts became faster and more
  urgent. Normally he would try to make this last as long as possible, but he
  wanted to cum NOW.  
"Yes! Oh yes!" she cried as she pivoted her hips to match his rhythm.  
As he pumped inside her, he kissed and teased her breasts. He was careful
  to avoid her nipples, knowing they would be tender after her orgasm.  
"Oh fuck!" he cried as his cock rammed into her. He could feel the pressure
  building in his balls, knowing that he would cum any moment.  
"Do you want me to cum inside you, slave?" he asked her urgently, not knowing
  how long he would last.  
"Yes!" she cried, "Yes! I want you to cum hard inside me!"  
But he barely heard her as he felt the pressure inside him build beyond the
  point of no return. In seconds he was exploding, and he grunted and groaned
  as he gushed inside her.  
Far too soon, it was over. As they lay there together, he reached up and
  untied her hands, careful to keep his weight off her chest. He gently massaged
  each of her wrists, then for a long time they just laid there, his cock still
  inside her. Neither had much energy left, so he showered her mouth, shoulders
  and breasts with light kisses, while she softly rubbed his back with her now
  free hands.  
"Think you'll sleep well tonight?" he whispered to her.  
Too spent to answer, she just moaned her agreement.  
"You deserve it. You were a good little slave girl," he answered for her.  
She just smiled up at him and pulled him closer, enjoying the moment while
  it lasted.  
Another night, another Simpsons episode. Actually, it was a rerun, one they
  had seen many times. "You know," he complained, turning to her, "I really wish
  these guys would find some other episodes of Simpsons, other than the 10 or
  12 they show all the time!"  
"True. But we haven't seen this one before," she teased him.  
"Oh no, never; and the fact that we know the entire script verbatim is because
  we're psychic. Or maybe psycho; I'm never quite sure which," he laughed.  
"So what do you want to watch?"  
"I don't know. I don't think there's much on. There never is."  
"So what do you want to do?"  
"I don't know. Want to play a game or something?"  
"Sure, how about a game of crib?" she offered.  
"Sure," he replied, then with a gleam in his eyes he added, "Care to make
  it interesting?"  
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nicolae Tobin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





