BDSM Library - Planning Exactly What She Needs




Planning Exactly What She Needs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She wants to meet me again ... but this time she wants to try a little bondage and some "wax work".
We've spoken about what you wanted for a week or so and the time will be getting
rapidly closer to the meeting and although your getting a little nervous, you
can feel the excitement running through your body as you recalled your requests
... blindfold, ropes, candles and toys. You know that my imagination will lead
you into a situation where you will be unable to see what was coming as you're
dominated and your body used primarily, according to my pleasure. Only the
knowledge of our conversations and the previous meeting give you the confidence
that I will treat you with respect (within the sexual reason that you come to
expect from such an encounter).

Along with the details of the hotel that I plan to use, I have some specific
instructions for what you should do and wear for the meeting and in return offer
some guarantees for the meeting to ensure that we both get the most from the
meeting.

"Firstly I shall discuss the attire that you will wear to please your Master for
the day; to ensure that you can meet my requirements from your wardrobe, some
limited choices will be offered. From bottom to top, you will arrive wearing
shoes or boots of your choice, so long as they are SEXY and/or SLUTTY. You will
wear either suspenders/suspender belt or suspender tights (i.e.: crotch less)
and in either case you will be knickerless. For the remainder of the lower half
you will chose from a short skirt, a skirt with a high split or the kind of
skirt that would fan outwards if you were to twirl; this may also be a dress if
it meets the requirements for your lower half as well as the upper. For you
breasts, you may choose an uplifting brassiere or an item of corsetry (of course
if you chose the latter, it must not cover the crotch in any way). Before
discussing your top, I will allow you to wear a jacket, if it does not provide
any additional coverage for the lower half. The choice of jacket may mean that
you can meet my ideal requirement that you do not wear a top beneath (other than
the bra or corsetry), but it is understood that in public your nerves may not
allow this and in which case you will be required to wear a top that is
revealing, whether this be low-cut, clasped in the middle (and kept half open)
or an item which is noticeably see through. I almost forgot, that for the
meeting it will be taken for granted that your cunt is freshly shaven on the
morning of the meeting. You are to confirm in advance if you have a blindfold,
which you are to bring with you if you do."

In return, I offer some information about me for the day of the meeting

"In return I, your Master will (of course) provide condoms ... as a submissive
is not worthy of the feeling of bare cock inside her cunt. Master will bring
several lengths of rope and in fact, it is noted that I have seen a set of
straps that in everyday use would be for use with car roof racks and have a
crank system to make them pull very tight, which would be most ideal to ensure a
sub is well restricted. Of course, a selection of wax candles, varying in length
and girth (use your imagination) and a few other sex toys, too. Your Master will
will also be clean shaven and will expect you to show the appropriate
appreciation for this."

With the feeling that these directions are suitable for a meeting that would
involve a variety of sexual activities, your Master instructs you ponder the
directions up to a few days before the meeting and make sure that if you're need
of any clarification or need to request any changes that you do so before hand
as the final instruction from the Master is that on the day of the meeting you
are to greet your Master (which will be in public) with a passionate embrace so
as your Master may check without being to obvious to any onlookers that the
dress code has been followed. A kiss on the lips and a hug like reunited friends
should be sufficient to cover the fact that I will slide my hands, one beneath
you jacket to feel the top that you have chosen and the other across your ass
and your thighs to feel your stockinged legs, check that there is no knicker
line and perhaps a fleeting glance of finger tips across the smoothness of your
pussy. This will also be your first opportunity to re-familiarise yourself with
a quick feel of the cock that will be dominating you for the remainder of your
stay in my company.

Having my initial thoughts of the preparation leading up to the meeting, I would
like to ponder a few things that may happen behind closed doors ... for this I
would expect some of your feedback so that we can make the most of what we do
together and with each other. As you will have gathered, from a Master point of
view I would understand that your arrival and our body feeling during a
welcoming embrace would mean that we are both in consent to the activities that
we describe in this and by that, I mean that anything that we suggest in this
'story' we could expect to happen on the day and for example, if I were to
suggest in here that I would slide my cock into your ass and it's not something
that you would want to try then we would need to remove it from here ... after
all in the heat of the moment, when you are blindfolded and tied to the bed, it
might be a little awkward to stop the flow.

So I begin, having checked into our suite and taken the few moments that come as
standard to peruse the room ... I offer my first instruction, to make yourself
comfortable, remove your jacket. Standing behind you, close enough for my hard
cock to press into your ass I start to caress your neck and slip the blindfold
into place over your eyes, from now you will see nothing and only anticipate
what may come next. I take gently hold of you and slowly slip off anything from
your top that needs to be removed whilst your arms are free before I take each
of your wrists and attach the first of your bonds. Kneeling in front of you, I
can admire your smooth cunt as I spread your legs apart and attach the bonds
from your ankles to you end of the bed. Unable to close your legs, you will
enjoy as I run may hands over the nylon of your stockings up across your thighs
and to your wet, waiting pussy. Standing in front of you, you can sense how
close I am ... the occasional touch of my body against your breasts as my hand
slowly caresses your lips, teasing your juices out, revealing your clit for some
careful attention. It become obvious that your legs are weakening as the
excitement fills your pussy.

Moving you back to the end of the bed, I guide you down and attach the other
ends to the top of the bed, manoeuvring you so as your arms as well as your legs
become stretched out and useless to you. Spread eagled, tightly to the bed I can
touch and feel any part of your body as I see fit. You feel that I am straddling
across you, and the tip of my cock comes to your lips ... at the same time you
can feel something cool touching, probing at the entrance of your wet pussy. A
moment later and it's buried deep inside of you and you can tell by the
smoothness that it's not a cock. The sudden intrusion makes you gasp a little
... as you open you mouth to gasp the tip of my cock slides in a little and your
horny instincts take over, unable to resist sucking.

Not wanting to peak too soon, I retract my cock from you and you hear me move
around. You feel the bonds on your ankles loosen for a moment as some
adjustments are made. The bonds are re-attached, this time to the top of the bed
and as they are drawn tight your legs are pulled upwards and outwards to your
wrists and the addition of a pillow beneath your ass means that your sexy,
glistening pussy is on full display for my use. You feel me remove the item from
your pussy only to feel something similar being pushed back in its place, only
this is much wider, stretching you a little as it goes in. This feels like it
has more shape to it as it first stretches you and then like a narrower section
your pussy locks tightly around it. You know from our conversations that this is
a candle and realise that that it has been shaped especially for this purpose.

You shudder when you hear the sound of a lighter as you realise that you are
becoming a human candlestick holder and know that it's only a matter of time
before this dildo candle starts to drip wax down onto your pussy. With the first
lit candle in place, I take two further candles and light each from the first.
Holding them carefully, the wax starts to run ... I take each of your nipples in
turn into my mouth, nibbling and sucking to make them hard ... before I allow
each candle to drop the first drips directly onto them. You feel that the wax is
much hotter than you expected, but somehow manage to stifle a scream. Another
drip ... and another until it begins to feel like I am pouring wax onto your
tits and into your cleavage ....

Turning along your side, I put on candle out and continue with the other tip
slowly drip wax drops into your tits, cleavage and chest. With my now free hand,
I start to caress your erect clit ... your immediate reaction is to squirm a
little. I am in anticipation as I can see the pool of wax that has collected in
the pussy candle moving around, knowing that it's only a matter of a little more
time and some more squirming before the raised edges are breached and the wax
will start to drip down the sides of the candle. I know that this might be a
little hot, but don't show much mercy as I rub your clit a little more and your
wriggles make the wax drip over ... the first drops come slowly down the sides
and harden before they reach more than halfway down.

I whisper to you that you almost waxed your own pussy and it is noticeable that
you are trying to remain still and prevent any more from dripping, but the
attention of my finger is making it impossible and your squirms soon bring the
first proper drip streaming down the side of the candle and in contact with the
sensitive lips of your submissive cunt. The heat is obviously more than either
of us expected as you jump from the shock ... causing more wax to flow down onto
you. It's only a matter of a few more releases and I can see that you are able
to accept the wax more comfortably and the temptation from me is too much. I
bring the candle down from your nipples across your your tits, chest and trace a
line of drips down your stomach. I feel you tense as you realise my intentions
... a drip below the belly button ... another further down ... a few where the
top of your pubic area used to be ... and the more intense drips, the first at
the top of your pussy which makes you jump and get bombarded with another stream
from the cunt candle.

I pause for a moment, wondering if I should ... then think why not, you said you
wanted to try some of this ... I let a drip land directly on the nub of your
clit. Surprisingly, amidst the reaction of a painful shot I can see the obvious
excitement that you are getting from the pain of this and let more drips fall.
As your clit becomes covered, I lower the candle to ensure that you're not
losing the heat from the wax under the protection of the wax hood.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stallone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





