BDSM Library - Two Japanese Sisters




Two Japanese Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kitty and her Mistress decide to take a break in the sun, and they run into Hanako and Ayako, in a meeting that will change the lives of the two Japanese sisters.Two Japanese Sisters   
&quot;And this,&quot; said Kiera, introducing me, &quot;is Kitty, my sex
  slave.&quot;  
The two Japanese girls, obviously sisters, started in astonishment, their
  eyes widening. They looked at me as if I were some new animal, something exotic
  and dangerous.  
I should have been embarrassed by this introduction, and I was, but not as
  much as by the other indignities Kiera had forced upon me this trip, much less
  this morning. Sunbathing on the beach wearing the very skimpiest of string
  bikinis, my nipples obviously dark and hard and clearly visible. My wrists
  were cuffed to the sides of the sun lounger I had been placed on. Having done
  this, Kiera had left me to the mercies of the sun and the other patrons of
  the beach, heading off on her own.  
&quot;She is your...&quot; one of the girls said. She was short, and pretty,
  with that wonderful sense of youth Japanese girls tended to have, a slight
  and delicate body that was nevertheless perfectly formed and hidden beneath
  an overly conservative bathing suit. She swallowed.  
&quot;Your slave?&quot; asked her sister, her eyes still wide and a fascinated
  expression on her face. She looked younger, perhaps eighteen.  
&quot;Oh, yes,&quot; Kiera replied, with that casual disregard for my presence
  I had once found so annoying. I had gotten used to it by now. She slid one
  hand into my damp and tiny bikini bottom, brushing against my swollen pussy
  lips. I had to bite my lower lip to keep from moaning. The two girls watched
  with a combination of fascination and revulsion.  
&quot;Why does she not speak?&quot; asked the elder girl.  
&quot;I haven't given her permission. She learned that... eventually.&quot; I
  flinched at the memory of those lessons. Painful, humiliating, shameful... &quot;Slut,
  this is Ayako - &quot; the elder sister - &quot;and Hanako.&quot; - the younger. &quot;They're
  on holiday here, from Kobe. You may greet them.&quot;  
&quot;I am... ah... honoured to meet you,&quot; I gasped. She had not removed
  her hand from my groin.  
&quot;They're staying at the same hotel as us. I've made arrangements for
  us to meet up with them this evening. Won't that be nice?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; I whispered, wretchedly.  
&quot;You told us you were here with a friend,&quot; Ayako said. &quot;You
  didn't say...&quot;  
Hanako said something in Japanese quickly, and they seemed to be arguing
  for a moment. Kiera kept up her dextrous and deft manipulation of my body.
  It was something she had grown very good at, knowing all the places and ways
  to touch me. She would not let me come, and I would be punished painfully if
  I did.  
&quot;We look forward to meeting you later,&quot; Ayako said, her pretty
  face flushed and red. She seemed to be as embarrassed as I was.  
&quot;Seven-ish. In the hotel bar?&quot; sugested my Mistress.  
&quot;Yes. About seven.&quot;  
The two girls then walked away, returning to their section of the beach.
  Hanako stopped twice, to look back, her eyes on me, but the second time Ayako
  called her on with a sharp bark.  
When they were gone, Kiera pulled her hand from my quivering body and held
  her fingers, dripping with my arousal, up to my mouth. Obediently, knowing
  exactly what was expected of me, I licked them clean. I had long ago gotten
  used to the taste that marked the surrender of my body.  
That was, ultimately, the tool that Kiera used to control and dominate me.
  It was not the chains, or the tight ropes or the pictures or the blackmail.
  The thing that held me in complete subservience to her was that she knew so
  well how to manipulate my body. Those rare occasions that she allowed me orgasm,
  I exploded mind and body, unable to believe I could experience so much pleasure.
  I doubted I would leave her even if I could.  
That did not make her cruel treatment of me any easier to bear, mind.  
----------  
Eventually, she released me from my bondage on the beach and we returned
  to the hotel, with me carrying all our bags, of course. My skin tingled with
  the touch of the hot sun, but fortunately I was not burned. Kiera had very
  carefully and delicately applied a strong sunblock all over my body, enjoying
  every minute of it.  
Our room was one of the most expensive in the hotel, very large, with an
  impressive balcony looking over the beach and sea, a well-stocked mini-bar,
  and a large, comfortable bed. Well, it looked comfortable. I hadn't spent a
  night in it since we had got here - four days ago. The nearest I had come was
  kneeling beside it as I licked and pleasured Kiera. I had spent the nights
  tied up in various excruciating positions.  
&quot;I think Hanako liked you,&quot; Kiera said casually, changing out of
  her skimpy bikini and stepping into the shower. She was so easy in her nakedness
  around me. Even if she were naked and I fully clothed, she would have the power
  over me. There was something in her that made her a Mistress, and something
  in me that made me a slave.  
I was sweaty and hot and there was sand in my hair. The cool water of the
  shower felt wonderfully inviting to me, but I doubted I would be allowed one.
  It suited her to keep me dirty and ashamed.  
I was forced to watch, on my knees, as she bathed herself, rubbing the shower
  oil over her wonderful body. Kiera was beautiful, utterly, utterly gorgeous.
  She had the pretty face of the girl next door, that could be innocent and beguiling
  and sweet. She had long legs, and beautiful, dark-nippled B cup breasts. Her
  hair was lustrous and long, blue-black in colour. She normally wore it tied
  up, but I always thought it complimented her appearance better when she wore
  it down.  
She looked like the sort of girl who would be your best friend. She was easy
  to talk to, understanding and empathic. She got on well with men, and was never
  accused of leading them on, of being a tease or a slut. She never aroused bitchy
  feelings from women. No one disliked or hated her.  
Apart from me. Sometimes I hated her intensely, usually when I cried myself
  to sleep, sobbing in misery of what she had reduced me to.  
She kept talking as she showered, her soft voice easily audible over the
  falling water.  
&quot;She couldn't keep her eyes off you. Maybe I could give you to her,
  for a while. She seems nice. She wants to study in England, you know. She wants
  to be a doctor.&quot;  
I listened, trying to avoid the humiliation of being 'given' away. This wouldn't
  be the first time that had happened to me, and at least Hanako looked nice.
  It had taken weeks for the bruises to fade the first night Kiera had made a
  gift of me.  
Her shower complete, Kiera had me dry her down. Touching and caressing her
  body with the soft towel always drove me mad with longing. I hated her a lot
  of the time, I loved her some of the time, but I always desired her. Gently
  sliding the towel up the inside of her thighs, gliding it across her belly...
  I bit my lip to keep from moaning.  
She dressed for the bar then, leaving me kneeling in place. A short, pleated
  skirt that came down to her mid-thigh, a long red T-shirt, black boots that
  came almost to her knees. She looked sexy, but in a pretty, girl-going-clubbing
  way.  
Me, on the other hand, she made look sexy in a worthless-slut-touting-for-business
  way. Bad enough I had not been permitted to shower, and was still damp and
  sweaty, my hair straggly, my bikini almost transparent with sweat. She gave
  me a white blouse a good two sizes too small. I could not button it over my
  chest, and so she tied it over my belly, revealing all of my bikini and my
  barely covered breasts. The skirt she gave me was almost short enough to be
  a belt. Sitting down would expose my bikini bottoms. On my feet were high heeled
  shoes, padlocked in place, giving me the walk of a prostitute.  
And around my neck, was clicked a thin metal collar. A badge hung in the
  hollow of my neck, with the words I belong to Miss Kiera  engraved
  there. She did not care who saw me like this, or who knew that I was her slave.
  Back home, there was a need to keep some elements of our relationship secret,
  but not here, where no one knew us.  
She applied my make-up, putting on far too much. My lips in particular were
  bright red, and full. I looked like a slut, but then I supposed that was what
  I really was.  
I should have been ashamed of having to appear in public looking like that,
  and the first time, I had been. But I was used to it by now. She enjoyed humiliating
  me, and parading me in public as her property.  
I was her slave. I thought I had gotten used to what that entailed.  
----------  
Ayako was not in the bar when we arrived there, but Hanako was. She looked
  incredibly pretty, dressed in a casual skirt and T-shirt. She still looked
  at me with that same expression of fascination and horror.  
&quot;My sister could not come,&quot; she explained. &quot;She is feeling
  a little ill. She caught too much of the sun.&quot;  
I knew she was lying, that Ayako did not want to spend time with someone
  like me. I could not blame her. If I knew that, then Kiera obviously did as
  well, but neither of us made any reaction. My Mistress made faint pleasantries
  and hoped Ayako would recover, and then the three of us retired to a quiet
  corner.  
I was, not surprisingly, attracting quite a lot of attention from the men
  in the bar. While Kiera enjoyed that sometimes, there were other occasions
  when she preferred quiet in order to discuss matters. She even allowed me to
  sit down, rather than force me to kneel beside the table.  
My Mistress was very good at charming people, which was partly what had led
  me to this state. In no time she was talking to Hanako as if they were old
  friends. The Japanese girl kept flicking me wary glances, as if she was ashamed
  I would be looking back at her.  
Finally, she got around to the subject she was obviously most interested
  in.  
&quot;What... What does it involve...?&quot; She had had a few drinks by
  this time. &quot;Being a...&quot; She finished the rest of her current drink. &quot;A
  sex slave?&quot;  
&quot;You may answer her, slut,&quot; Kiera said, casually. It was the first
  time I had been allowed to speak this conversation.  
I swallowed, trembling slightly. My whole body hummed with desire. Kiera
  had not allowed me to come for weeks now. I had gotten used to feeling like
  this - constantly on edge, every little thing sparking thoughts of sex and
  release. Every word she spoke to me, every look she gave me made me want to
  squirm and writhe in abject despair.  
&quot;I... I serve Miss Kiera in any way she wants. I perform her household
  tasks. I do the washing and the cleaning and the laundry and... other jobs.
  I obey her in all things. I...&quot; I swallowed again. &quot;I pleasure her
  sexually.&quot;  
Hanako leaned forward at this point, not taking her soft brown eyes off my
  face.  
&quot;I am hers to command in all ways. I obey every order she gives me.&quot;  
&quot;Every order?&quot;  
&quot;Every order. If I do not, I am punished.&quot;  
&quot;How?&quot;  
I shivered at the memory of the punishments I had been subjected to. &quot;I
  have been given extra chores, or whipped, or tied up very tightly and left
  for hours. Sometimes I am denied food or drink or to relieve myself.  
&quot;If... If I am good, then Miss Kiera will give me treats. Sometimes
  she will... allow me... sexual release.&quot;  
&quot;Very rarely,&quot; Kiera added. &quot;She is a bad slave, a lot of
  the time. You have gotten better lately, though. My slave tried to fight me
  initially.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Miss.&quot;  
&quot;How did... how did you become a sex slave?&quot; asked my pretty Japanese
  interrogator.  
I glanced at Kiera, who nodded once. &quot;I ran a small company. I hired
  Miss Kiera as my secretary. I was...There were irregularities with the accounts.
  I was embezzling money.&quot; Once I would have tried to justify that. I would
  have said I had not really taken that much money, or that it had been necessary.
  The truth was, I simply had not been a good businesswoman, and I had been caught.  
&quot;Miss Kiera found out about this and threatened to report me to the
  police. I would have lost the business, gone bankrupt. Perhaps I would even
  have gone to prison. She offered to keep the information to herself if I...
  became her sex slave. That was over two years ago.&quot;  
&quot;There's more to it than that, isn't there?&quot; Kiera said, severely.  
&quot;Yes. I... I have come to enjoy being her slave. It is... my... my place
  in life.&quot; I felt like collapsing into tears.  
&quot;I run the business now,&quot; Kiera added, ignoring my humiliation. &quot;It's
  going very well. We've opened another three offices.&quot;  
Hanako looked at me, fascinated and intrigued, and then she turned back to
  the woman who held me in thrall. They spoke for hours more. I was not given
  permission to speak, and so I remained silent.  
Kiera told her of the things that had been done to me. She described the
  time I had been hooded and passed around between Kiera's friends, of how I
  had been forced to act as a dog for a whole weekend, crawling on all fours
  and able to make no sound but a pathetic whine. She described the website she
  had created covered with photos of me in submissive poses. She mentioned the
  money she had gained renting my services out to other women.  
She was a very good businesswoman, far better than I had been. She kept threatening
  to sell me the moment I stopped being an asset to her.  
Eventually, the bar closed. Hanako made some inconsequential noises and left,
  very quickly, as if embarassed to be seen with us. My Mistress and I left slower,
  she making sure that everyone could see me in my near nakedness. Then, we returned
  to our room.  
&quot;I like her. Perhaps I will give you to her for a night. Would you like
  that, slut?&quot;  
&quot;As my Mistress wills.&quot; I knew it would not matter whether I liked
  it or not.  
She smiled. &quot;Precisely. You answered her questions well. I might let
  you come before we leave and head back home.&quot;  
Sickened with myself, I was nevertheless unable to help my heart leaping
  at the prospect. &quot;Thank you, Mistress,&quot; I whimpered. &quot;Please,
  Mistress, I will be good.&quot;  
&quot;We will see.&quot;  
She casually tossed her purse onto the bedside table and went to the minibar,
  pouring herself a small glass of vodka. She drank it slowly, sensuously, looking
  at me over the top of the glass with hooded, sultry eyes.  
The drink done, she sat down on the edge of the bed, parting her legs slightly. &quot;Slave,&quot; she
  whispered, huskily. &quot;Crawl to me.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; I replied, dropping from my knees to my belly.
  The carpet was rough against my skin, but I crawled forward, slowly edging
  myself nearer and nearer to the cruel woman who held me utterly in her thrall.  
Without a word, she extended one foot, still wearing the boots she had put
  on to go out. Without needing to be ordered, I licked and kissed and caressed
  the shoe.  
Oh, my Mistress. How I loved her. How I hated her.  
The phone rang, and I jumped with shock, forced out of my private reverie
  in worshipping her body.  
&quot;I didn't give you permission to stop, slave,&quot; Kiera spat, reaching
  over and picking up the phone. I returned to my duty. &quot;Yes?&quot; she
  asked. &quot;Yes, put her through. Ah, Hanako, how are you? Is anything wrong?...
  Yes... yes... Of course. I'll be there now... Yes, of course I'll bring her...
  In a few minutes... Room 319... Yes, I'll find it.&quot;  
Putting the phone down, she stepped up, pushing me back. &quot;Hanako wants
  to see us. Isn't that intriguing?&quot; She laughed, and pulled a bag out from
  under the bed. A small bag, made of black leather, securely padlocked. She
  had the only key, attached to a bracelet around her wrist.  
I remembered some of the things in that bag, and I shuddered.  
&quot;Get up, slave, and follow me.&quot;  
Room 319 was two floors down from ours, and the other side of the building.
  Normally, Kiera would have insisted we took a length and circuitous route,
  just to further my humiliation, allowing more people to see me. This time,
  her interest evidently took precedence over her desire to see me shamed, and
  so we went straight there. We did meet an elderly couple in the life, who looked
  at me with an expression of utter disgust.  
Hanako answered the door as soon as Kiera knocked on it. Stuttering a greeting,
  she beckoned us inside.  
I soon realised why she had called us. Kiera must have inspired her.  
Ayako was lying on one of the beds, wearing only skimpy underwear. She was
  tightly bound, hands and arms behind her back, ropes across legs, above and
  below knee, ankle, thigh. A gag of panties and tape covered her mouth. Her
  lovely body was gleaming with sweat and her dark eyes were widening with fear
  at the sight of us.  
Her bathing suit had hidden much of her body, but now she was revealed clearly.
  She was perhaps twenty, slender and petite, but perfectly proportioned.  
I knelt before the bed, bowing my head, allowing the two free women in the
  room to talk. Ayako may not have realised it yet but she had become a slave.
  I had seen it in Hanako's eyes, when she had been talking to Kiera: she wanted
  to possess her own slave, and she wanted that slave to be her sister. Kiera
  had somehow given her the courage to take action.  
I wondered how she had captured Ayako. Had she used force? Hanako did not
  look stronger than her older sister. She was a little smaller if anything.
  Blackmail, perhaps? Appealing to some dark secret Ayako had? A trick of some
  kind? A drug? No, Ayako looked very clear-minded, without the confusion and
  emptiness in her eyes that a soporphic would have caused.  
&quot;I...&quot; Hanako began. &quot;I made her my slave.&quot;  
&quot;So I see,&quot; my Mistress said, looking appreciatively at the bound
  woman.  
&quot;What do I do now?&quot; the girl asked, a pathetic note of desperation
  creeping into her voice.  
&quot;How did you capture her?&quot;  
Hanako bit her lower lip in a wonderfully shy gesture. &quot;I overpowered
  her,&quot; she said softly. &quot;We used to watch women's wrestling when we
  were girls. It is very popular in Japan. We wrestled and I overpowered her
  and I managed to tie her up.&quot;  
Kiera looked at the bound girl. &quot;Do you always wrestle in your underwear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, sometimes.&quot; Hanako paused. &quot;She was quite... drunk.&quot;  
&quot;And who normally wins?&quot;  
&quot;I do. Most of the time.&quot;  
Kiera smiled widely. It was the sort of smile I had seen on her many times
  - not lascivious or lustful or cruel, although she could display all those
  traits with a simple expression. No, this was a smile of triumph, of her beliefs
  proving to be correct. It was normally directed at me when I acquiesced to
  something utterly degrading and humiliating without protest.  
&quot;Your sister wants to be a lesbian slave,&quot; Kiera said simply. Ayako
  began to protest loudly, muffled sounds coming from beneath her gag. &quot;She
  may not realise it, but believe me, in her heart, she wants to be a slave girl
  to you.&quot;  
&quot;How... how do you know this?&quot;  
&quot;I have gotten to be very good at spotting women with hidden lesbian
  desires. The more deeply they're hidden, the more sluttish and disgusting a
  slave they turn out to be.&quot; She gave me a long glance. &quot;I give you
  Exhibit A. You should have seen her before. Prim, prudish, disgusted by thoughts
  of anything 'unnatural'. The day after I made her my slave I had her crawling
  around after me on her belly, begging me to whip her.&quot;  
I blushed, half-closing my eyes. It was true.  
&quot;All you have to do is know how to master her. Each slave has different
  ways, and you probably don't have anything to blackmail her with to get you
  through the first few weeks. I assume not, anyway. She hasn't posed naked for
  a porn magazine? Had an affair with a black man? Ran a tax fraud with her business?
  Cheated on an exam?&quot;  
Hanako shook her head. &quot;No, nothing like any of those things.&quot;  
Kiera shrugged, as if it didn't really matter. &quot;Fine, there are other
  ways. The most important is to control her sexual desire. Tease her to breaking
  point and constantly deny her. Leave her in a writhing mass of arousal all
  the time. Make sure you are the only person who can give her an orgasm. Allow
  her release occasionally, when she has been a particularly good slave, or maybe
  after you have humiliated and tortured her a lot. Always allow her some hope,
  even just a little.  
&quot;Above all, and this is the most important, you must always act as her
  Mistress. Tolerate no dissent, show no mercy. In your own mind, you must always
  be the sole power in her life.&quot;  
&quot;I... I do not know how to do those things. I...&quot;  
&quot;That's fine. I'm going to teach you. That's why I brought the slut
  here.&quot;  
She looked at her, and her expression of bewilderment changed to one of thoughtfulness.
  I could see in her mind that for the first time she was actually considering
  if this could work, if she could truly be her sister's Mistress.  
My Mistress opened her bag and rummaged around inside, finally pulling out
  a black leather collar, with a long chain running from it. It was a dog lead
  originally, and one of many she used on me.  
&quot;Take this,&quot; she said, handing it to Hanako. &quot;I have spares.
  Fix it around her neck and tell her that you are her Mistress, that she is
  to obey you and serve you in all things.&quot; Hanako looked troubled. &quot;Say
  it like you mean it. Be strong, firm, determined.&quot;  
The Japanese teenager nodded, looking at the collar like it was something
  wonderfully exciting and dangerous. I trembled, remembering the first time
  the collar had been put around my neck. It had been terrifying, but also thrilling.  
Ayako struggled, whining into her gag, but she could not resist as her sister
  fixed the collar around her neck.  
&quot;I am your Mistress,&quot; Hanako said, quietly.  
&quot;Firmer,&quot; Kiera advised.  
&quot;I am your Mistress.&quot;  
&quot;Mean it, Hanako! Know it in your heart, and she will learn to appreciate
  it in hers.&quot;  
&quot;I am your Mistress. You will obey me!&quot; Hanako's eyes were blazing,
  and sweat was beginning to rise on her forehead. &quot;You will obey me!&quot; She
  slapped her sister across the face, not a hard blow, but one I knew would sting.  
&quot;I am your Mistress!&quot;  
Ayako whimpered, tears in her eyes, shrinking behind before her sister. If
  what Miss Kiera had said was right - and she was usually very perceptive with
  such things - then Ayako had always secretly desired this. She was now learning
  the reality of her fantasies.  
&quot;Well done,&quot; Kiera said approvingly. She moved forward and checked
  the bonds around the slender girl. &quot;Nicely tied, too. Use the leash to
  secure her somewhere away from the bed, somewhere she can see the rest of the
  room, though.&quot;  
&quot;Why?&quot;  
&quot;You need a bit more training to know how to truly master her. You need
  to know it in your heart, but you also need to know how to arouse her, how
  to keep her aroused, how, in short, to keep her your slave. Now, each slave
  girl is different, but we do have one for you to practice on.&quot; She grabbed
  a handful of my hair and twisted it sharply, causing me to cry out. &quot;This
  one is already a filthy slut bag, but the lessons should be applicable to your
  sister nonetheless.&quot;  
Hanako grabbed her sister and forced her from the bed. Ayako was tightly
  tied all over and could not move at all. Hanako had to alternately drag and
  carry her to the side of the room. I caught a glimpse of the elder sister's
  eyes as she was carried past me. Despair. A refusal to accept that this was
  truly happening. A sense of hope that she would somehow escape all this.  
My heart went out to her. She did not understand. Not yet. She did not appreciate
  what she was to become.  
Hanako fixed the end of her sister's leash to a pipe running near the ceiling,
  forcing Ayako up high on her knees. The elder girl whimpered into her gag.
  I knew the position, and knew how painful it was. Her legs would burn with
  the pain, her breathing would be tortured and laboured. She would have to keep
  her head up for fear of collapsing and being choked.  
She began to cry. It looked pitiful and incredibly beautiful.  
&quot;Slave,&quot; Kiera said to me. &quot;Strip.&quot;  
The order was quietly given, but I obeyed instantly, discarding my skimpy
  clothing and standing unashamedly naked before the three women - two free and
  one on the verge of slavery. I was allowed no modesty. Miss Kiera had stripped
  that from me along with my dignity, my pride and all of my possessions.  
Besides, I had paraded around in public dressed like some pathetic, sex-mad
  slut. That felt worse than being completely naked in a room with only three
  other women.  
I was still covered with stale and drying sweat. Sand still clung to me in
  places. My hair was lank and stringy. The signs of my arousal stained my groin
  and the inside of my thighs. My breasts still wore the fading marks of the
  whipping Miss Kiera had administered last night. I looked utterly wretched.  
And yet Hanako looked at me as if I was the most beautiful thing she had
  ever seen. I remembered the way she had looked at her sister in bondage, and
  reconsidered that thought. The second most beautiful thing she had ever seen.  
At Kiera's orders I lay down on the bed, staring up at the ceiling. She fixed
  handcuffs to my wrists, threaded through the headboard of the bed, securing
  me in place. I could not rise or leave, but my body could be positioned and
  manoeuvred into such forms as Kiera might desire.  
&quot;Now, the strongest way to keep your slave is to maintain her arousal.&quot; Kiera
  was speaking in a dry, lecturing tone, using my body as a blackboard on which
  to make her point. &quot;Each slave is different, but there will be places
  on her body where she most likes to be touched. You may already know some of
  hers...&quot;  
Hanako shook her head, looking at me intently. I almost expected her to take
  out a book and pen and start taking notes.  
&quot;Well, you will soon find out. It is largely a matter of trial and error.
  That is one of the more enjoyable parts of breaking a new slave girl. Now,
  on my slave slut, she particularly enjoys being caressed on the lower slopes
  of her breasts...&quot;  
She reached out and, with just the tip of her right middle finger, began
  to draw slow circles on the underside of my right breast. Light, tickling motions,
  the merest of brushes, but enough to make me squirm, to make my blood rush
  faster, to make me curse my own body for betraying me into this sexual slavery.  
&quot;...on her nipples, of course. Most slave girls do...&quot;  
With her thumb and index finger she pinched my right nipple, sharply enough
  to cause me to cry out in sudden pain. She began to rub it gently, and my yelp
  of pain soon turned to coos of pleasure.  
&quot;...just on the inside of her thighs...&quot;  
She spread my legs wide apart and began drawing a thin line with her nail
  up my body, from just above my knee to only barely below my groin. I was sure
  her hand could feel the heat radiating from my pussy.  
&quot;...the base of her buttocks...&quot;  
She turned me over, so that I lay face down on the bed, my arms crossed above
  my head. It was painful, but not agonisingly so. She gently kneaded and rubbed
  my arse.  
&quot;...and the back of her neck.&quot;  
She flicked my hair to one side and began to gently tickle me along the back
  of my neck. I still wore my slave collar, so much a part of me now that I did
  not truly register it as being clothing. It brushed against my skin, moving
  slightly as I breathed and as she touched me. I had to bite into the pillow
  to keep from crying out.  
She knew me so well. I remembered those first few days, as she explored my
  body so thoroughly, learning all the ways she could conquer me, make me betray
  myself, make me her slave.  
She turned me back over and stood back a step.  
&quot;There, you see. Now you try. Just a few brushes, simple touches, nothing
  fancy. 'The simplest caress can hold a slave girl in bondage better than a
  dozen chains'.&quot;  
Hanako looked at her, and she shrugged. &quot;A line from a book.&quot;  
The Japanese girl stepped forward, looking down on me. I caught the strangest
  look in her eyes, a combination of fascination and fear, as if this was her
  first chance to do something wonderful and thrilling, but if she failed, she
  would never get another.  
She licked her lips and reached forward towards me, slowly, her hand twitching
  in the air above my naked, sweaty body. She looked at me, so carefully, and
  then she bent over, and touched the inside of my leg.  
It was a gentle touch, but it was enough. I cried out, and my body jerked.
  She jumped back, terrified.  
Kiera looked unhappy, an expression on her face I knew well. It meant I would
  be punished later.  
&quot;Forgive my stupid slave,&quot; she said. &quot;She can't control her
  animal passions, but then I suppose if she could, she would be a free woman,
  hmm? Anyway, you see the principle. Touch her again. This time, she will be
  quiet and still.&quot; The way she looked at me told me I had little choice.  
Hanako did touch me again, a lot. She explored my body thoroughly, slowly
  at first, but with an increasing confidence. My every yelp and moan and futile
  effort to keep from screaming, she noticed, at first warily, but later with
  a growing sense of delight and wonder.  
&quot;She truly feels these things?&quot; Hanako asked. &quot;She is not...
  faking it?&quot;  
&quot;She'd know better than to try,&quot; growled Kiera, who was not happy
  with my lack of self-control. &quot;But no, see... her nipples are hard and
  erect, and you can just see the little blue veins near the surface of her breasts.
  Her arms and belly are covered by goosebumps.  
&quot;And of course...&quot; She spread my legs apart. &quot;Her pussy is
  dripping wet.&quot;  
&quot;Then she really is aroused? I did this to her.&quot;  
&quot;Well, she was wet before, and she really did a lot of it to herself,
  but yes, you did play your part.&quot; Kiera walked towards the place she had
  placed her bag of toys. &quot;Your sister will respond differently, of course,
  but not that differently. She's a slave slut as well. I know the type, believe
  me. It's just a matter of knowing where and how much.  
&quot;But there are other parts of learning how to dominate a slave girl.
  You've seen pleasure.&quot; She pulled an object out of the bag. I paled. A
  long, thin, slightly flexible cane. She swished it melodramatically in the
  air.  
&quot;Now it's time to try pain.&quot;  
She looked down at me. I knew what was coming. She had learned to hurt me
  very well indeed. She had made me beg for her to hurt me. I had done it before,
  on my knees, or tied up tightly, tears in my eyes, begging her to do things
  that would make me scream.  
&quot;Mistress,&quot; I said. &quot;Please, whip your worthless slave girl.&quot;  
A sly smile played across her face. &quot;Where should I whip you?&quot;  
&quot;My breasts, if it please you, Mistress?&quot;  
Hanako looked at me, stunned and very confused. &quot;But... why would she...
  say such a thing?&quot;  
&quot;She's my slave.&quot; Miss Kiera paused. &quot;She knows I can do anything
  I like to her. If I want to whip her, I can and will. She can't prevent me
  doing that. I don't even need a reason to do so, although my disobedient slave
  girl usually provides me with one.&quot; I shivered. I had upset her. &quot;The
  difference between ten blows of the cane, and fifty blows with the cat of nine
  tails... is how prettily she begs me.  
&quot;You can show her some mercy, you see, as long as she is aware that
  is your choice, based on your mood and her obedience. If she serves you well,
  then not only might she receive some pleasure, but she may avoid the worst
  of the pain.  
&quot;Although it's a good idea to whip your slave regularly anyway, just
  to remind them.&quot;  
She turned back to me. &quot;You know what to do, slut.&quot;  
I did.  
I tried to ready myself for the first blow, as much as I could. Would it
  be a gentle tap, or a hard strike? She could do either. She did not like to
  draw blood, but she had in the past, and there were many ways to cause pain
  without shedding my blood.  
It was a hard blow, directly onto my right breast, landing precisely across
  my hard, mercilessly teased nipple. I cried out, gasping for breath, remembering
  to obey my Mistress' command.  
&quot;One!&quot; I cried out, from shock as much as pain. &quot;Your slave
  thanks you for her lesson, Miss Kiera.&quot;  
The second was across my belly, and again I called out. &quot;Two! Your slave
  thanks you for her punishment, Miss Kiera.&quot;  
The third: the inside of my thigh. &quot;Three! Your slave thanks you for
  the chance to serve you, Miss Kiera.&quot;  
&quot;Four! Your slave thanks you for the mercy you show her, Miss Kiera.&quot;  
&quot;Five! Your slave thanks you for the pleasure you bring her, Miss Kiera.&quot;  
There were many things I had to thank her for. New ones were added constantly.
  I had to thank her for enslaving me, for stripping me naked, for humiliating
  me, for whipping me, for raping me...  
There were only twenty blows, across various parts of my body. Each time
  I thanked her for something different. I dared not repeat myself. That would
  only lead to more punishment.  
It took all my effort not to cry by the time she had finished. My body stung
  all over. The blows had not been hard, but they were hard enough to sting and
  she knew exactly where to strike me in the places that would cause the most
  pain, mostly on the very places where she had teased and caressed me only a
  few moments ago.  
&quot;Look at her,&quot; Miss Kiera said to Hanako. &quot;See how she quails
  before your gaze. Look in her eyes, at the tears she can't hold back. Slave!
  Do not close your eyes.&quot;  
I struggled to keep my eyes open, my vision blurring from the tears I could
  not shed. I could see Hanako's face, in particular her eyes. Dark and enchanting...
  I watched them turn from those of a child inspecting some wondrous new toy
  into something cruel and powerful, as if for the first time she understood
  what it was to be a free woman and hold a slave.  
&quot;Oh,&quot; she breathed. &quot;And... I can... I can do this to Ayako.&quot;  
There was a bang from the far side of the room. I did not need to turn my
  head to know that Ayako had tried to struggle in her bonds, to no success of
  course. She would not be able to escape, but fear would have gripped her mind,
  urging her to strive to break free.  
&quot;Of course,&quot; my Mistress replied confidently. &quot;It will take
  some time, but you will learn how to break her and she will learn how to be
  broken. As for the next part of your training...&quot; She paused, as if thinking
  on how to frame her next question. &quot;Oh, slave, you may blink now, if you
  wish.&quot; I did so, sheding the tears from my eyes, shaking.  
&quot;Have you ever had an orgasm?&quot;  
&quot;I...&quot; Hanako looked shocked. &quot;That is... I...&quot; She paused,
  and bowed her head. &quot;No. At least... I do not think so.&quot;  
&quot;Well then, it is past time you had one. There is my slave. Use her
  in any way you want, but see that she gives you at least one. She is very good
  at such things. Once you have experienced that for yourself, you will better
  understand how to command your slave.&quot;  
&quot;What... what do I do?&quot;  
&quot;She knows how to pleasure you. Remove the cuffs from the headboard,
  keep her hands behind her back and... let her do her thing. Trust me, she has
  been very well trained in pleasuring other women. At first she was... rather
  inept, but she soon learned.&quot;  
I had learned, learned beneath the whip and the clamps and the agonising,
  tight bondage, beneath shame and humiliation, beneath the constant promise
  of release of my own that never came...  
Hanako freed me from the confines of the bed, making sure my hands were cuffed
  behind my back. I did not need my hands for what I was about to do, only my
  tongue and lips. I did need freedom of movement, if I was to do this properly.  
I kissed her and licked her and worshipped her with my tongue. Hanako had
  always been pretty to my knees but as I knelt in worship to her, I realised
  she was far beyond pretty and into beautiful. She shone with the power of a
  Mistress who is only just realising what she is. There was something dominant
  within her all along and it was only just coming to the surface, thanks to
  my own Miss Kiera.  
I pitied Ayako, to have to be the first true slave of such a Mistress, but
  I envied her as well, to have all those experiences to undergo for the first
  time. The first kiss, the first rape, the first compliment, the first insult.
  I knew that Hanako would love her and treasure her, would adore and protect
  and punish her.  
Hanako's orgasm was a thing of moans, of shudders, low sounds. Miss Kiera
  screamed sometimes, or yelled obscenities, or even purred like a cat. I believed
  Hanako when she said she had never had an orgasm before.  
What had Miss Kiera told me once? No orgasm you ever had, whether from a
  man, woman or even yourself, is anything compared to that brought about by
  a well-trained female slave.  
I kept going, not having been ordered to stop. I felt the sweat drip from
  Hanako's body. Her skirt was up over her waist, her panties discarded to the
  floor. Her body moved and writhed and she moaned...  
And she came, again, and then she ordered me to stop.  
&quot;No more...&quot; she panted. &quot;No... no more.&quot;  
&quot;Do you see?&quot; Kiera asked. &quot;Do you understand now?&quot;  
&quot;I... that was... incredible.&quot;  
&quot;Now. Imagine she brought you almost to the bring of release, to the
  very edge and then... she stopped. Did not come back. Left you alone. Imagine
  you were tightly bound, unable to move, to touch yourself, even to rub your
  pussy along the ground or against the wall... Imagine how that would feel and
  imagine what you would do for the only person who could grant you that release.&quot;  
&quot;Oh...&quot; Hanako breathed. She sat up on the bed and turned to look
  to the corner of the room. &quot;Oh.&quot;  
I lifted my head, her juice still drying on my face. I saw Ayako's eyes widen,
  saw her moan into her gag, saw her try to shake her head and near choke herself
  in the process. I knew the thoughts passing in her mind, because they had been
  in mine, when I had first been taken.  
No no no... this is not possible... no no... this is wrong... this
      is...   
No No   
No   
No!   
&quot;Yes,&quot; I whispered to her and she closed her eyes with a shudder.  
&quot;Someone was not given permission to speak,&quot; Miss Kiera said sharply,
  and I bowed my head. &quot;We shall store that punishment up for later. For
  now... Hanako, go and touch her, caress her, kiss her and... then... stop.&quot;  
The helpless girl began to sob, struggling in her bonds. It was futile, and
  as Hanako crossed the room to her bound, nearly naked, helpless sister, I saw
  she was a Mistress approaching her slave girl for the first time.  
----------  
We spent the rest of our holiday together, with me used as the practice for
  developing Hanako's new tendencies. I was whipped and caressed and dominated,
  Hanako learning how to be confident in her power.  
Ayako watched mostly, her lovely eyes wide with terror and wonder. Sometimes
  she whimpered. Often, she cried. Hanako whipped her, although never as severely
  as I was whipped. Hanako aroused her, although never to release.  
Ayako was taught how to pleasure a woman. Her first lessons were on me. Miss
  Kiera said she should be experienced before she went to work on a free woman.
  Also, it would be easier with me, because I was a worthless slut who was always
  aroused anyway.  
She was awkward and shy and touched me only gently, shivering with shame
  and revulsion at what she was being forced to do. She looked so beautiful like
  that.  
She was taught to feel no shame about her body. Miss Kiera bought her a new
  bathing suit, far skimpier than the one she already had, and at least a size
  too small. Her breasts were in danger of constantly falling out of her top
  and the bottoms revealed her dark hair until it was trimmed away.  
The two of us were taken to a bar in the town near the resort. Both of us
  were practically naked, wearing only the very briefest of clothing. We were
  forced to dance close, touching each other, kissing each other, acting like
  complete sluts while our owners watched. Ayako wept at the things that were
  called out at us.  
Some men came towards us, a dark glint in their eyes. We would have been
  taken had Miss Kiera not stepped forward and defended us.  
Ayako wept when we were back in the hotel room, trembling with fear. I knew
  what she had been thinking, that those men would grab her and rape her. I had
  not been scared. I knew my Mistress would protect me. She would not let any
  man touch me, not without her permission. But Ayako was a new slave and frightened
  and unsure of what would be done with her.  
Miss Kiera set her straight.  
&quot;We protected us,&quot; she said. Hanako had been there, beside her. &quot;They
  would have taken you and hurt you and raped you, fucked you in the arse, squeezed
  your breasts, beat you up... We saved you. Next time... we might not. Remember
  that.&quot;  
Ayako wept and cried, but responded to Hanako's instructions, serving the
  two free woman wine on her knees, kissing their feet and announcing herself
  a slave.  
She even said she loved her Mistress, although there were tears in her eyes
  as she did so.  
----------  
It was the last night of our holiday. Miss Kiera and I were flying home tomorrow.
  She and Hanako had gone out, just two friends who had met on holiday sharing
  a last night together before going their separate ways. Nothing unusual in
  that.  
They had left Ayako and I to wait for them. We were in Kiera's and my room,
  tightly bound and helpless, nothing to do but wait for our Mistresses to return.  
We were both naked saved for hard, cold, metal chastity belts locked in place.
  We both wore leather collars, the two linked together so our faces were only
  a few inches apart. Ayako's breath was warm on my cheek and I could smell the
  tears she softly shed.  
On my nipples were tight, jagged clamps, linked by a short chain. Ayako wore
  a similar chain, her clamps not as sharp, not as hard, the two chains crossing
  over so that the slightest breath or shift from one of us caused pain to the
  other. We were locked still together, barely able to breath, unable to move
  without causing utter agony to the other. Our hands were bound respectively
  behind our backs, but that was it.  
We were kneeling on the floor beside the bed, staring into each other's eyes,
  two poor slave girls cruelly treated by their Mistresses.  
I had watched Hanako with her new slave girl and I envied Ayako. Her sister
  loved her, that was clear, adored her. She would treat Ayako as a slave, but
  as a beloved one, a possession to be treasure and protected and kept safe.  
I was none of those tings to Kiera. I was an asset to her, that as all. A
  toy, a perk, something to play with. She had made me love her, but she did
  not love me, could not love me. She had won me as a slave through some game
  she played with herself. She would be rid of me one day, I knew, when she was
  tired of me or found greater heights to ascend to.  
I did not know if she would sell me to someone else or simply set me free.
  I would not be able to adapt to freedom, not after having been a slave for
  so long. I could not cope with that.  
Ayako was crying again. She did that a lot. She looked beautiful when she
  cried, like a precious flower, fragile and vulnerable before the spring storms.  
She said something in Japanese and then repeated it in English.  
&quot;I am not a slave.&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; I said, softly, my lips so near to her own. &quot;You are.&quot;  
&quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;Your sister loves you. She will treat you well. There are worse people
  to be a slave to.&quot; I remembered Kiera dripping hot wax onto my breasts,
  leaving me chained in the bathroom for three days, offering me around at a
  party...  
&quot;I am not a slave.&quot;  
&quot;Then why are you here?&quot;  
She blinked. &quot;What?&quot;  
&quot;Miss Kiera blackmailed me. If I did not serve her, she would have me
  sent to jail. I... I had no choice, not at first. What about you? Mistress
  Hanako has nothing to blackmal you with, does she?&quot; She had acquired the
  title of 'Mistress Hanako' easily in my mind.  
&quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;Then why? She overpowered you at first, but you could have escaped,
  have refused to serve her. That night we went to the bar, or when they left
  us alone at the beach. You could have gone to the police. Why didn't you?&quot;  
&quot;I... I couldn't... I just couldn't...&quot;  
&quot;You didn't want to.&quot;  
&quot;No!&quot; She shook her head violently, jerking my head forward, pulling
  at the clamps held tight to my nipples. The clamps on me were stronger and
  sharper than hers. They dug into my skin.  
&quot;No!&quot; she said again, as I cried out at the pain. She let out a
  wail of despair. &quot;No.&quot; She sobbed. &quot;No,&quot; she said again.  
And then:  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
I moved my head those few inches and kissed her, softly and gently on her
  lips, my tongue slipping just into her mouth. I withdrew and looked into her
  beautiful eyes.  
&quot;I wanted to be her slave. I wanted her to overpower me. When we wrestled...
  every time I wanted her to... I felt so wrong... I felt sick... and now...&quot;  
&quot;She loves you.&quot;  
&quot;I can't...&quot;  
&quot;Why not?&quot;  
&quot;I can't...&quot;  
&quot;Why not?&quot;  
&quot;I love her.&quot;  
&quot;Then love her. As her slave. Her as your Mistress. You will love her
  and she wll love you and you will know more joy in her arms than you ever could
  elsewhere...&quot;  
I was crying now. She was so lucky. Why... why could I not have a Mistress
  who loved me the way Hanako loved her? A Mistress who would never beat me,
  or sell me, or give me to others to rape and abuse?  
She kissed me and pressed her naked body against mine. We rested there, so
  close together, waiting for our Mistresses to return.  
Eventually they did, and they freed us from our bondage to each other. The
  first thing Ayako did, once free from me, was crawl on her belly to Hanako.
  Lovingly, obediently, worshipfully, she kissed her sister's feet.  
&quot;I love you, Mistress,&quot; she whispered.  
Hanako looked shocked, and then she smiled, the smile of a woman who has
  heard those words from the person she most desires in all the world.  
My Mistress' smile was triumphant and majestic and cruel and there was not
  a trace of love in it.  
----------  
We returned home and our lives returned to normal. We once again had to hide
  the truth of what we were. In public, I was a respectable businesswoman and
  Kiera the assistant I had allowed to rent the spare room in my house.  
In private, I writhed beneath her, my head between her legs, my body bound
  into agonising positions, whip marks on my back and buttocks and thighs, trembling
  with a sexual desire that was never released.  
One day, about a week after we returned, my Mistress called for me. I was
  cleaning the house, dusting and vacuuming. She had allowed me to wear a bra
  at least two cup sizes too small and six inch high heels padlocked around my
  ankles. The only other item on my body was the ever-present collar, marking
  my status as her slave.  
She was sitting by the computer. Obediently, I went to her and knelt down.  
&quot;Read this,&quot; she ordered.  
I did. It was an e-mail from Hanako.  
Kiera,   
Thank you again. I cannot thank you enough for your help. My sister
      is now my slave and she serves me utterly, without restraint, without fear.
I am so proud to own such a wonderful slave, and I owe it all to you.   
Please send my thanks to your own slave girl as well, if it would
      be appropriate. She spoke to Ayako the night before you left, and Ayako
      says it focussed her mind. She fought what she was before, but does not
know. She sends her own love to your slave.   
There were some pictures attached and Miss Kiera showed them to me. All were
  of Ayako. Wearing her collar, bound to the bed, tightly secured in shibari
bondage, on her knees as a slave...  
She looked radiant, beautiful, wonderous in the way only a woman in love
  can. The expression on her face...  
She was a slave girl, a true slave girl, and totally and utterly happy to
  be one.  
I envied her, but my heart leapt for her joy.  
I looked up at my Mistress. She would never love me the way Hanako loved
  her slave. Would I ever serve a Mistress who loved me that way?  
&quot;I love you, Mistress,&quot; I whispered.  
She looked at me, surprised at first, then that cruel, wicked smile crept
  over her pretty features.  
&quot;Of course you do,&quot; she said. &quot;Of course you do. Now, get
  back to work, slut.&quot;  
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





