BDSM Library - Cow 13




Cow 13
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sequel to "The Knobscot Cannibals."  Those girls who escaped the initial horrors were not as safe as they thought.  One of them, subsequently labeled Cow 13, is talked into writing down a description of her experiences and thoughts during the final days leading up to her slaughter.Cow 13   
&copy;2004 by Cameron Smith   
Part 1  
He sold me! Can you believe that? The bastard sold me! Well, what else should
  I have expected? He calls me a cow and treats me like a cow, why should I be
  surprised when he turns around and sells me like a cow?  
Actually, it's probably a good thing, considering what he did to Emily, not
  to mention what he did before the trial &mdash; sending those eight girls off
  to be cooked alive! And I'm pretty sure he had me lined up to be next on the
  menu. Of course, the police raid and the "Knobscot Monster" trial put an end
  to that stuff, even though it was too late for poor Christina, his eighth and
  last contribution to the barbecues. Her and that newspaper woman died just
  a couple of hours before the cops arrived.  
Old Tony, though, he got away through the woods, him and Eric. Mr. Thomas,
  who owned the place, blew his brains out, and most of the guests who was fucking
  us "hostesses" while Christina and the woman was roasting got put away for
  life. Me and the other girls was state witnesses and got off scot free, although
  the defense attorneys chewed us up pretty bad, saying we was degenerate whores "whose
  words are as easy to buy as their bodies." But when the jury saw what Tony
  done to his girls, the ones who pissed him off in any way, they didn't have
  no trouble believing we was all there against our will.  
Much good it did for us to go free, though. Tony's thugs managed to grab
  all fucking five of us the day after they let us out of jail. They actually
  hogtied and gagged us, threw us in a sound-proofed truck and took us to God
  knows where. The trip took days, bouncing along on the floor of that fucking
  truck in the total dark with no food or drink, pissing and shitting ourselves
  and suffocating in the stench. My throat was burning with thirst. My whole
  body was in pain.  
We had no idea what the fuck they was gonna do to us, but figured it wouldn't
  be good. Working for Tony and Eric had made us pretty tough, but we was all
  scared shitless and crying like babies by the time they finally opened those
  doors again. The truck had been backed into some kind of a warehouse and the
  first thing they did was drag us out of the truck and take off enough of the
  ropes so we could stand up. Then they took out the gags. God, what a relief
  THAT was! Emily, a stacked dark haired girl with big brown eyes, who had just
  turned nineteen, immediately began to complain that her shoulder was wrenched
  and she was in terrible pain. Tony walks up and stares hard at her.  
"Jesus, Tony!" she says, "Untie me. My shoulder fuckin' hurts! I'm reeking
  with shit and piss. You can't treat people like this. It ain't right."  
Then he whacks her upside the face, first one side then the other, and tells
  her to shut the fuck up. Blood wells up between her lips and she whimpers,
  but she don't say another word. It's too late, though. He grabs her by the
  hair and drags her in front of the rest of us.  
He takes out a pocket knife and cuts off all her clothes, pulling them out
  from under the ropes. When she's stark naked, he shoves a pan between her feet
  and orders her to squat over it and piss. She tries, but we ain't drunk nothing
  for days so not much comes out, and it's pretty rank. Tony scoffs at it, pulls
  out his dick and practically fills the pan with his own piss. Then he pours
  it from the pan into a mug and while one of his goons forces Emily's head back
  with her mouth open, he pours it from the mug down her throat. She's sputtering,
  coughing and gagging, but she swallows every drop.  
"You bitches hungry?" he asks.  
No one moves, afraid of what he'll do next. He knows damn well we ain't eaten
  for days.  
He smiles. "I imagine you are. Guess we better take care of that," he says,
  and we all have to follow him through a long corridor as he forces poor Emily
  along by the hair.  
We wind up in the kitchen of a restaurant which is either closed or out of
  business. There's this huge butcher block table in the middle and Tony's goons
  lift Emily up and set her on the table. They untie her bonds long enough to
  lay her back, face up, and strap her down on it, her arms bound to the legs
  on one end, her legs spread with her ankles bound to the table legs at the
  other end. They also bind her down to the table top with ropes around her neck,
  belly and pelvis. She's crying from pain as they tie short pieces of rope tight
  around her upper arms just under the shoulders and around her thighs just below
  the crotch.  
Her arms and legs are beginning to turn blue and Tony asks her, normal as
  you please, "Feeling a little numb in your hands and feet?"  
She wiggles them a little and says in a whimpery little voice, "Yeah."  
"Uh huh," he says, smiling evilly at her. "That shoulder still hurt?"  
"Yeah," she sniffs. "Somethin' awful."  
"Which one?" he asks, all commiserating like.  
"The right shoulder."  
"Well," he says. "Don't you worry. We'll fix that."  
With us standing around the table watching, he casually picks up this big
  fucking cleaver, goes to her left shoulder and with a roundhouse swing brings
  it down just under the binding, whacking off her arm. Everyone screams, including
  Emily, but he just catches the arm before it flops to the floor and holds it
  while one of the goons unties the wrist and carries the arm, dripping blood,
  to another butcher block table.  
"Oops," Tony says. "I got the wrong arm. Sorry about that. Don't worry, I'll
  take care of it." Then he moves around Emily's head and positions himself to
  lop off the right arm. I don't know about the other girls, but I shut my eyes.
  Just the sound of the cleaver smacking into the thick wood of the table made
  me scream. I couldn't bear to actually watch her other arm fall off. The sound
  was horrible enough. Two of the girls wretched, although there weren't nothing
  in their stomachs but nasty yellow bile.  
But Tony don't stop there. While Emily is still shuddering and groaning from
  the horror of what he'd just done to her, he chops off both legs as well. Emily
  was a voluptuous girl with well-shaped muscular legs, so it took three or four
  solid whacks of the cleaver to cut off each leg at the upper thigh. The goons
  lug those off, too.  
While two of the goons start skinning Emily's arms and legs, Tony takes a
  big boning knife, the kind with a sharp point and a curved blade, and carefully
  cuts off first one tit then the other, as Emily screams bloody murder. I could
  actually see the tops of her ribs where he scraped down deep to get all the
  meat. As each breast is lifted away, one of the goons presses the back of a
  hot skillet against the open wound to seal it. Emily screams, passes out, and
  is revived with smelling salts. Tony places the tits, nipples up, on a broiling
  pan, brushes butter on them, sprinkles on some seasonings and shoves the pan
  in an oven. In the meantime, another one of the goons at the other table is
  slicing Emily's arms and legs into filets and laying them out in pans on top
  of the big commercial ranges. We was all sobbing hysterically by now. The bindings
  near Emily's shoulders and crotch and the seared flesh where her boobs used
  to be kept her from bleeding to death and she was forced to watch her own meat
  cooked on the stoves and in the oven. When it was done, an hour later, Tony
  made the rest of us sit around a table in full view of Emily and eat a plateful
  of her leg meat. He even forced some of it into Emily's mouth and made her
  chew and swallow it. He had saved the tits for himself and his crew.  
We had seen this stuff before, and been forced to eat the meat they took
  from the other eight girls when we had to whore at the Knobscot estate. But
  this was worse, what with Emily still alive and watching us. We was all aware,
  of course, that Tony wouldn't let her live long. He was just tormenting her,
  making her wait to die in some way that was sure to be even more painful and
  gross.  
Tony had a cattle prod and made us eat every scrap of Emily off our plates.
  The only thing we had to drink with it was urine that his goons had pissed
  into our mugs. It was disgusting, but we was so thirsty we drank it anyway.  
"What I'm doin' here," Tony said when we was finished, "is making a fuckin'
  point. The point is, you don't never tell me what I can and can not do. Not
  ever. You cunts lost all your rights to say anything or complain about anything
  or even think anything you're not told to think when you got up on that stand
  and ran your mouths off about me and Eric. You sealed your own fates when you
  told that jury we was there at them barbecues, or that we even knowed anything
  about them."  
"But Tony," I piped up, being too stupid to have learned better, "your name
  was all through that journal Mr. Thomas had wrote. He put down all kinds of
  stuff about you. So how could we . . ."  
I shut my mouth when Tony took a Sharpie marker out of his pocket and comes
  toward me with his eyes all hard and pissed off. He makes a downward slash
  on my forehead with the marker, and snarls, "Got any more helpful remarks,
  cow?"  
With a quick glance at Emily, I finally clamp my stupid mouth shut and shake
  my head.  
"I don't wanna hear a single 'nother sound comin' outta that pie hole of
  yours ever again. The only thing you're gonna use it for, from now on, is feedin',
  suckin' cock and cleanin' out ass holes. Got that?"  
I almost said "yes, sir," but caught myself. I just nodded my head.  
He looked disappointed that I hadn't fallen into his little trap, but he
  just turned to the rest of the group. "I used to treat you decent when you
  worked for me. Let you keep more of your earnin's than you was worth. But that's
  all over. When you turned traitor on me at that trial, you kissed off any chance
  of bein' treated like a human. All you are to me now is a set of meat cows
  with rental cunts. And that's how you're gonna be treated from now on. Livestock
  is all you are, and you'll stay alive only as long as it's worth it to me to
  keep you around. Now stand up and take off all your clothes! It's ridiculous
  to see a bunch of cows standing around with clothes on."  
After we'd stripped, Tony's goons tied our hands behind our backs and locked
  one-inch wide metal collars on our necks. While they was doing that, Tony wrapped
  a much wider metal collar around Emily's neck. It was so wide it jammed up
  under her jaw forcing her head back. When our own collars was in place, the
  goons clipped a length of heavy chain to them and led us back out through the
  corridor and into the warehouse. An enormous wire cage had been dragged to
  the center of the floor and inside was two large Dobermans glaring at us like
  it wouldn't take much to talk them into tearing our throats out.  
"See what I managed to have rescued from the animal shelter where the fuckin'
  court was gonna have them euthanized," says Tony sauntering into the warehouse. "Recognize
  them? These bad boys was the guard dogs at the Thomas estate. Remember how
  they loved eatin' the girl guts that Doc threw to them while he was gettin'
  the cows ready for the spit? Well, do they have a treat in store for them now!"  
Behind him through the door from the corridor comes one of the goons carrying
  what's left of poor Emily. She can't weigh much, being just a head and torso.
  Her mouth is open and she's making gasping sounds, blood bubbling out of the
  holes where those big beautiful boobs used to be. The Dobermans are pacing
  like crazy now, but not making a sound. It's eerie!  
"You'll notice these are very quiet dogs," Tony says. "That's because Doc
  sliced their vocal cords, like he did the cows, so they can sneak up on spies
  and prowlers silent as you please. Now watch this."  
Tony took out his pocket knife again and without another word plunged it
  into Emily's upper belly, then dragged it slowly downward, right through her
  navel and on to where the blade ground against her pelvic bone, all the while
  poor Emily screaming. Her intestines bulged up through the gash. The dogs went
  crazy at the sound, smell and sight of it, lunging at the side of the cage!
  One of the goons slid open a door on the top of the cage and the guy holding
  Emily in his arms tossed her through it. Her body bounced off one of the Dobermans
  and before she hit the floor of the cage both animals were tearing into her
  flesh. She went on screaming as the dogs ripped out chunks from the stumps
  of her arms and legs. Unable to bite into her throat and kill her because of
  the collar, they had to be satisfied with tearing off pieces of her ass and
  face, and grabbing mouthfuls of her guts and other internal organs. The last
  thing I remember seeing before passing out was one of those big black brick
  faces sinking its teeth into her cunt, ripping one of the lips away from her
  body along with a long patch of belly skin and swallowing it in two gulps.
  I remember the sound of her screams fading away with the rest of the world.  
When I came to, I was strapped tightly in a chair and couldn't move. Even
  my hair had been tied down to the back of the chair in some way so that my
  head was tilted painfully back and immoveable. Tony was glowering at me. I
  could hear the dogs still chewing on Emily's bones behind me, but it was the
  least of my concerns. The look on Tony's face frightened me so much that my
  heart began to pound and I felt warm piss trickling out of my slit and collecting
  under my butt.  
"Too bad you missed the best part," he said, "where they went for her eyeballs
  and tongue, the bitch screamin' all the time. Right after she died the boys
  fished out what was left and took off the collar so the Dobermans could enjoy
  some nice neck meat.  
"Now it's time to complete your conversion into a cow." He waved a jaw spreader
  in my face. "Open wide!"  
I knew the awful thing he was going to do to me and my mind spun in mad circles.
  I had enough presence of mind not to say anything, but my lips involuntarily
  clamped shut and I couldn't hold back a whimper, my body's pathetic refusal
  to be brave and accept this terrible mutilation as the only alternative to
  ending up like Emily.  
"Maybe you didn't hear me, little bitch traitor. Or maybe you'd rather Jerry
  ram a cattle prod up your cunt. That'll make you open wide enough. Or maybe
  you'd rather be tomorrow's supper for your cunt friends. I know Spot and Rover
  over there will sure enjoy snacking on the leftovers, now that they've tasted
  the other traitor cunt. OPEN UP!"  
Weeping, I opened my mouth and he shoved the spreader in, cranking it as
  far as the tendons in my jaw would allow, putting me in terrible pain. He clamped
  a pair of those locking pliers that doctors use on my tongue, pulling my tongue
  out and holding it there with a cord attached to a toothed metal clamp on my
  right nipple. God it hurt!  
"I learned how to do this watching Doc do it to the last six cows we sent
  to Thomas," he said, inserting a long handled scalpel into my mouth and down
  my throat. "Don't move a fuckin' muscle or I'll cut into your windpipe. Then
  I WILL throw you to Spot and Rover."  
He looked up past me and nodded. I felt a pair of iron hands grab my ears
  and hold me steady while a fire erupted in my throat! I tried to scream but
  no sound came out, only a geyser of blood. The hands let go of my ears and
  undid whatever was binding my hair so I could bend my head forward and cough
  up the blood running into my lungs. I knew he had cut my vocal cords, but some
  hopeless optimist in me made me try to talk anyway, just to prove it wasn't
  true, I guess. But it was. No sound came out. Whatever plans he had for me
  next, I had spoken my last words. To the end of my life (which will probably
  not be long) I will be mute.  
Part 2  
It was at least a week before I could eat anything solid again. Tony was
  human enough to understand that, even though he didn't give a shit how much
  pain I was in. It turns out that I was only the first of the surviving quartet
  to be permanently silenced. That was what the mark on my forehead was about.
  But it's just as well. At least I didn't have to wait my turn like the others
  did, knowing what was coming and helpless to do a damn thing about it.  
Tony was really into the cow thing, although he set it up different from
  what Thomas did. I remember Mr. Thomas showing us the "stall" where he kept
  the girls before they were brought out for roasting. It was basically a room
  constructed of planks with a wooden manger. He would cover the floor with straw,
  cuff the girls' hands behind them and chain them by their collar to the wall.
  They had a pail to piss in but had to shit in a corner and kick straw over
  their dump. He put out a pan with water but they had to stick their face in
  it to drink. Same with their food. He only fed them vegetables in the manger
  which they had to push their face in to eat.  
Tony had decided that wasn't quite cow-like and demeaning enough. He had
  constructed a long, barn-like room in a basement area under the restaurant.
  The flooring and walls was authentic, taken from some old barn somewhere, and
  the "stalls" ran along one side of the room. There was no walls separating
  us cows, but there was a pair of thick wooden upright poles on the open side
  of the stall row for each cow. Stanchions they called them. One of each pair
  of poles was hinged at the bottom so it could be opened up to put our head
  through, then put back vertical and locked in place so's our head was trapped
  between the poles. This meant we had to stay down on all four like a cow, or
  stand up bending over. Sleeping was a bitch because it was impossible to lay
  down in a comfortable position. Besides which all we had to lay down on was
  straw. Just to make sure we didn't manage to slip our heads out of the stanchions
  and get a good night's sleep, he put rings through our noses (soldered shut
  so they couldn't be taken out) and attached them to one of the uprights with
  a chain. As insurance against us escaping, he kept one ankle chained to a ring
  in the center of the stall floor. One good thing was, he didn't cuff our hands
  behind us all night like Thomas had done with his cows. The only time he did
  that was at feeding time. We wouldn't get any food or water unless we had our
  hands cuffed behind us so's we'd have to eat like animals.  
At feeding time one of his regular whores would come in, cuff us and shove
  a pan of some disgusting gruel-like stuff on the floor where we could push
  our faces into it to eat. A few hours later it would be replaced by a pan of
  water, sometimes laced with piss if the serving whore felt like being mean.
  I often wondered if it ever occurred to these nitwits that they was only a
  whim away from joining us.  
And join us they did. It was hard to keep track of time in that place but
  it couldn't have been more than a week before two more of his working girls
  found themselves locked in the same row with us original four. We couldn't
  ask them how they got themselves put there, of course, and they couldn't speak
  up themselves because Tony had cut out their voices, too.  
Tony's goons used us all as fuck toys, as you might guess. Them and some
  other guys who were maybe customers of Tony's for all I knew. Tony never fucked
  us. He had plenty of ass in his regular stable of whores to keep his dick lubed.
  I remember from my days out there, when I was still a human, that if Tony told
  you to strip and spread 'em for him, that's what you did. The happier you made
  Tony, the bigger cut you'd get from the fees and tips you brung in. If he was
  driving me to an appointment with a client, I'd usually be down on the floor
  of the car with his gristle in my mouth for the whole trip, him squeezing my
  tits with one hand and steering with the other.  
When he told me that slicing my voice out would complete my "conversion into
  a cow," I hoped he'd forgotten one other of Thomas's little cowmaking tricks.
  But he didn't. Maybe it just took him a while to have a branding iron made
  up to look like he wanted. Anyway, when he finally got around to it, there
  was six of us in the cow stalls and he decided to brand us all on the same
  day to save time. He'd also sold tickets to the show! There was a dozen guys
  who'd paid to watch us taken one by one from our stanchions, bent face down
  over a table and strapped down, legs tied to the table legs and asses up and
  ready. I was the third in line to be branded and the air was already filled
  with the smell of cooked flesh from the two girls before me. I hoped I'd faint
  when that red hot iron burned into me, but I didn't. He held it there against
  my right ass cheek as he counted off five full seconds, the longest fucking
  five seconds of my life! I'd never knowed such terrible pain! My body tried
  to scream, but only a loud raspy whisper came out, like sandpaper scraping
  on the end of an old tin can. Then, with the burns still fresh and us in agony,
  we had to get down on our hands and knees so the johns could fuck us, slapping
  their pelvises against our burned asses as they reamed us. Jesus Christ, did
  that hurt!!! It was the first time I was happy to be led back to my stall and
  stick my head in that fucking stanchion.  
From then on Tony branded his new cows before he slit their vocal cords so
  he could hear them scream.  
After that first branding, Tony come up with another idea. Using an awl and
  a block of wood, he punched holes in our nipples and cunt lips and installed
  rings, using solder to make them permanent (with the extra bonus of causing
  us horrible pain). From then on when we was taken out of our stalls, they'd
  clip a leash to one of the rings. It was obvious that it wouldn't take much
  to tear any of those rings right through the flesh, but Tony made it clear
  that if one got ripped out, they'd just use another, and if we managed to tear
  out all four, we'd be meat.  
Right after we'd all been fitted out with tit and pussy rings, he decides
  regular names was too dignified for a herd of cows, so he gives us numbers.
  He didn't want to give anyone the distinction of being Cow No. 1, so he started
  the numbering with the first eight who'd been butchered at the Thomas estate
  before the trial. I happened to be fifth in line that day in the stanchions,
  so I come out as number thirteen. And that's what I've been called ever since.
  I'm just Cow 13. Lucky me.  
Part 3  
Us cows never got taken out for exercise, only to service one or more of
  Tony's clients. Sometimes a whole group. Tony made no bones about why we got
  no exercise. He said he was tenderizing us for the meat market. He hinted they
  was mostly Asian and claimed he could get big bucks for us at some auction
  that was coming up. I gathered there was some kind of underground association
  of rich businessmen who had worked up a taste for fresh girl meat and were
  willing to part with lots of cash to see young women snuffed and roasted, especially
  pretty, well endowed white chicks. Like me.  
In the meantime, he figured having us fucked once or twice or even fifteen
  times a day wouldn't spoil the tenderizing process and would help pay for our
  upkeep. (What upkeep? Fifty cents a day for barely edible food?)  
Aside from nursing on cocks and being pulled along by our tit leash to the
  shower or to a room with a mattress upstairs to spread our legs or ass cheeks
  for a client, the most exercise we got in a day was trying to twist our bodies
  over the fucking slop bucket so we could piss and shit in it with our head
  stuck in the stanchion.  
We wasn't even allowed to wash ourselves. A goon would chain our wrists to
  a ceiling ring in the shower and scrub us down with a stiff brush that hurt
  like hell. He would pay special attention to our cunt and tits, of course,
  and sometimes fucked us right there in the shower if he felt like it. The one
  they called Jerry was especially sadistic. He was fond of making me cry by
  fisting me or twisting my rings viciously. He also liked to ram a prickly cucumber
  up my cunt, then eat it. Or he'd shove a big carrot up my ass and get it all
  covered with shit, then make ME eat it.  
Sometimes, if the goons was busy elsewhere, one of Tony's street whores would
  shower us. Some of them was as sadistic as the men, but mostly they was a lot
  nicer to us. One of the lezzies, an older woman named Sam, probably in her
  late twenties, would wash me real gentle, then kiss and lick me all over. She'd
  kneel down, drape one of my legs over her shoulder and lick my pussy till I
  came six or seven times! I wouldn't have minded hanging in that shower all
  day if she'd keep licking.  
But that's how it went. Day after mostly silent day. Surviving each day one
  at a time with my head clamped between wooden poles, useful only as a place
  to stuff stiff sausages and foreign objects for the amusement of the paying
  public and no-neck handlers. Hoping against hope for rescue while waiting to
  be auctioned off for meat.  
Every time the door to our make-believe barn banged open, I prayed it was
  another platoon of cops like the ones who busted the Knobscot bunch, only this
  time arriving BEFORE it was too late. But it was not to be. Wherever this place
  was, none of these girls was about to rat out Tony. I suspect that he had wised
  up and stopped threatening them, maybe even paid them to feed us. God knows
  how he explained us to them. The new cows coming in seemed more confused and
  scared than pissed, so I suspect he was having his goons snatch girls off the
  street &mdash; runaways and whores from rival pimps. But of course, none of
  us could talk, so who knows?  
There was twelve of us in the barn the day they come for us. Cows 10 through
  21. Tony put every damn one of us up for sale. He'd pretty much stopped being
  pissed at us original four so there was no singling us out to sell to the meanest
  bidders, so far as I could tell. We was just merchandise like the others. The
  whores that had been feeding us was there in the warehouse where the auction
  block was set up. They spent some time trying to make us look human again,
  more attractive, before the bidders showed up. They combed and fixed our hair,
  put makeup on us and made sure we was clean and smelled nice. They even let
  us brush our teeth and rinse out our mouths.  
Before the bidders were let in, we was led to a long rail and tethered to
  it by our tit or cunt leashes, our hands cuffed behind us. There was seven
  bidders, but only three looked Asian. Two was women. They all paraded by us,
  feeling our tits and legs and asses, checking our teeth and hair. One guy stuck
  a finger up the cunt of every one of the girls, checking for tightness I guess.  
For some reason we'd been lined up along the rail according to height, and
  that's the order we was auctioned off. I was third to go, being one of the
  shortest. The bidding was in English, which surprised me because the bidders
  had been yammering among themselves in totally weird languages. And I was amazed
  at the prices they were bidding!  
The first girl, a shy little thing with light brown hair, a nice figure and
  cute little tits, went for $7,500. The second girl was more full bodied, but
  not fat. Her boobs were average but firm with pointy nipples. Her best feature
  was her face &mdash; really pretty with bright blue eyes set off by black hair.
  She fetched $12,100.  
 Stupid as it sounds, the only thing I was thinking about was how humiliating
  it would be if I got a lower bid. I did have a few things going for me. I was
  one of the few natural blondes in the lineup and I've never had any complaints
  about my face and figure, especially my 38C boobs. But I was blown away when
  one of the two women bid $20,000 for me. I actually felt flattered. At first.
  Then, as they led me off the auction block by my tit leash and out to the shipping
  section it hit me. I'd just been sold like a fucking animal! But what would
  I be used for? Fucking or eating?  
Part 4  
The woman who bought me is dusky with big round dark eyes and black hair,
  and she's definitely not Asian. I don't speak no languages but English (although
  now I can't even speak that!) but I've come to recognize Spanish when I hear
  it. She also bought Cow #17 who's about three inches taller than me and lovely
  with green eyes and long brown hair, but not as much in the tit department.
  The two of us was loaded into a black van with windows tinted so dark you can't
  see in. We was chained to the seats by our ankles, wrists and around our bellies.  
A nice looking man sits down next to me. He's what you'd call swarthy with
  black hair and eyes that make your clit tingle. 'Course I don't know at that
  point what they're gonna do to me, so I'm swinging through a series of moods,
  from anger to despair to straight out scared shitless.  
"Are you comfortable?" he asks.  
No one's come close to asking me that since the trial. I figure he's being
  sarcastic, that it's just a way to slide into some kind of sadistic way of
  making me miserable, but what can I do? Frustrated by fear and helplessness
  I bust into tears and nod yes at the same time. Then an amazing thing happens.
  He pats my hand.  
"Don't be afraid," he says. "We're not going to hurt you. Not unless you
  cause us trouble. We're just taking you to your new home. Are you going to
  be a good girl?"  
I nodded vigorously, eager to ward off whatever punishments they dealt out
  to their newly purchased girls.  
"That's all we ask," he said. "Can you read and write?"  
I glanced at him, feeling a flicker of anger at the implied insult. But I
  looked away quickly, hoping he don't see it, and nodded.  
He laughed. "Many of the girls we buy can't, you know. So you can, and that's
  all the better for you. If I unlock your wrists and give you a pen and pad,
  will you write something for me?"  
I peered over at him carefully, trying to decide what kind of trap this was.
  I had been a cow for so long, being treated like a human felt all wrong. But
  there was no question of answering No to any demand. I nodded again, cautiously.  
He began unlocking my wrists. "Here's what I want you to do. I want you to
  write about how you got into this predicament. How you got to be Cow 13. What
  it feels like no longer being human, just an animal to be used for profit."  
I gave him a "what? are you kidding?" look.  
He just laughed. He finished freeing my hands and puts a spiral notebook
  and pen in my lap. It's cold against my naked thighs. "Go ahead. Show me you
  can write."  
So the first thing I write is the thought that's been foremost in my head
  since I went up on the auction block.  
&lt;Am I going to be killed and eaten?&gt;  
He read it and laughed. "Of course. But not until you've worked off your
  purchase price and turned a decent profit. In fact, as long as you're more
  of a money maker alive &mdash; a cash cow, so to speak &mdash; I'm sure Mrs
  Q. will keep you in stock. It's just business."  
&lt;It's my LIFE!&gt;  
"But that's of no consequence to Mrs Q. You're her property. She can do with
  you what she pleases."  
&lt;Who is this Mrs Q?&gt;  
"Your owner."  
&lt;No, I mean . . .&gt;  
He clamped a hand over mine, a surprisingly gentle hand. "She's your owner.
  That's all you need to know. You will do whatever she wishes or suffer the
  consequences."  
&lt;Does SHE want me to write about all this?&gt;  
"I am your handler and work for Mrs Q. If I report to her that you are insubordinate
  and troublesome, she will simply sell you to a snuff club."  
&lt;Sell me? Don't she do her own snuffs?&gt;  
"Certainly not. Not for parties. It's far too risky. She sticks with sex.
  The authorities are easy to buy off in the sex industry. The drug lords handle
  things like snuffs and girl roasts. That's what they do best &mdash; torture
  and killing."  
&lt;Why does she bother buying girls from Tony? Why not just pay druggies
  and goons to grab girls off the streets?&gt;  
"Because Tony is reliable and druggies and goons are not. Tony's a businessman
  and the men he works with are pros. The girls his men grab are runaways and
  prostitutes. They aren't even missed till it's far too late to track them down.
  Besides, at the moment Mrs Q is interested only in his cows. They're muted,
  branded and tenderized. Her meat clients love that. Regular girls she can buy
  cheaper elsewhere. Tony's cows can be used in a brothel for three or four years,
  clear a three, four hundred thousand dollar profit, then be sold for meat at
  special barbecue parties."  
&lt;So I have 3 or 4 years to live?&gt;  
"Or a week. Depends."  
&lt;On what?&gt;  
"On Mrs Q. She's a business woman. While she can make money off you, she
  will. But if you're worth more to her for some other specific purpose, say
  to buy favor from a powerful official who has requested you for his next girl
  roast . . ." He waved a hand, dismissing my sorry ass.  
&lt;Then what good will it do for me to write for you?&gt;  
"She listens to my advice. This is a project that could prove profitable
  for her."  
&lt;And you really want me to write what I feel?"&gt;  
"Among other things."  
I bit my lower lip and looked away.  
"What's the big problem?"  
&lt;I'm afraid&gt;  
"Of what?"  
&lt;Punishment&gt;  
"What do you mean?"  
&lt;When I write something you or Mrs Q don't like, you'll punish me&gt;  
"Not at all. I want to read your perspective on what has happened to you.
  On what's happening now. Write what's true. No punishment. I promise."  
&lt;Tony said cows don't have no feelings and their thoughts don't count
  for nothing&gt;  
"I'm not Tony. I have a use for your thoughts. I count them as valuable."  
&lt;Even though I'm just a cow&gt;  
"A special cow. A cow who is more or less literate."  
I sat for a while, afraid to continue this conversation. But it felt so good
  to be able to communicate with someone again, and he was so kind looking, I
  wrote in small letters:  
&lt;I'm still scared you'll hurt me if I write what I'm really feeling and
  thinking. Why would you want me to do that if you don't plan to punish me?&gt;  
"Okay, let me be perfectly frank. I'm going to publish a novel on the internet
  about a girl like you who's been turned into a cow waiting for slaughter. I'll
  edit your material and fix the spelling, take out anything libelous or legally
  problematical. It will appear to be only a story. Fiction. But if you're any
  good at all as a writer, it should be riveting and sell a bundle."  
&lt;I CAN spell!&gt; I wrote indignantly. &lt;I won a spelling bee in the
  7 th  grade&gt;  
"All right." He patted my hand. "That will make it easier."  
&lt;Will you give me credit? Tell who gave the story to you?&gt;  
"Certainly not. You'll be dead and eaten by then, so why would you care?"  
&lt;But no one will punish me for what I say?&gt;  
"No one. I promise. Of course if you just write condescending shit, I'll
  simply tear it up and throw it away. I want raw truth. Otherwise, I'll take
  away your writing materials and you'll be mute again."  
As I thought about it, I realized I wanted to tell my story more than I wanted
  to live another three or four miserable years, even if no one ever read it
  but this man beside me. But I had to try one more attempt to bargain for my
  life.  
&lt;What if you really like it? Will you let me live so I can write more?&gt;  
He hesitated. "Maybe. But as I said, Mrs Q makes that decision."  
&lt;But you said she takes your advice.&gt;  
"That's right. She does. But she also makes the final decision, and it won't
  be based on how much she likes your writing, but, rather, on whether you're
  worth more to her as a writer or as meat at a banquet."  
I knew I was beaten.  
&lt;OK&gt;  
"Okay what?"  
&lt;I'll do whatever you want. You and Mrs Q.&gt;  
"Of course you will. You're a good cow, Number 13. Docile and compliant." He
  put his left hand on my pussy and slipped a finger inside. His right hand wound
  up on my nearest tit. "And these like to be milked." He began gently rolling
  the nipple between his thumb and forefinger, making it harder so that it jut
  out even more than usual. Soon he had my clit tingling and everything in there
  real slippery and I stopped caring about how much longer before I'm snuffed
  or who will do the honors or how.  
And that is how this recollection of my days as a cow got started. I've been
  writing non-stop while this SUV bounces along to God-knows-where. After bringing
  me off about ten times, Mr ? (I don't even know his name!) got up and started
  talking to Cow 17. Probably making her the same offer. But who gives a shit?
  I'll probably never get to read this stuff anyway when and if he ever does
  publish it in his book. I'll be long gone &mdash; cooked and digested.  
But it don't matter. Even if it's all just a trick to give my new owner an
  excuse to punish me, it makes me feel better to be writing this stuff down,
  to be able to talk, if only with a fucking pen. It helps me remember that once
  I was human.  
Part 5  
"I'm tired of livin' and scared of dyin' . . ."  
Funny how some words stick in your mind. Those go back three years to 8 th  grade,
  my last year in school before I run away, when they put me in an old fashioned
  musical play about a boat and a bunch of slaves. Now I'm the slave, and I feel
  the same way. Tired of living, scared of dying.  
I wrote all that earlier stuff in one day riding in that SUV with windows
  so black I could hardly see out. Cow 17 wrote for a few minutes, too, after
  Mr Nameless gave her a pad and pen, but I guess she don't have much to say.  
The SUV part of the trip ended in another warehouse. Cow 17 and me was brung
  to the middle of the warehouse where they had a table and a bucket waiting.
  Right there in front of a bunch of warehouse workers they bend us over the
  table and give us three enemas, the men standing around grinning at the show.
  They must've put in 3 gallons at a time, until we was crying and on the verge
  of exploding! We shit ourselves empty into the bucket till nothing comes out
  but the soapy water they put in. Well, I thought to myself, at least I won't
  be shitting myself during this trip. In fact, I might not poop for a week!  
After that, we was cleaned up, tied up, and laid out in long wooden boxes.
  They lashed me down so tight I couldn't even wiggle. It was awful, like being
  put into your coffin while you're still alive! I guess I was kinda wild-eyed.
  I know I was shaking bad. So one of them puts a blindfold on me so I can't
  see where I am before they nail the lid on. It helped a lot. I don't think
  I would of been sane at the end of the trip if he hadn't done that. At least
  we didn't have to be gagged, us having no voice box and all.  
It was a long, long trip. Some of it was in a truck I guess, because we bounced
  along all hot and stuffy. Some of it was in airplanes where it was icy cold
  and it sometimes felt like we was falling off a cliff. The whole time we got
  nothing to eat or drink, just like when Tony grabbed us after the trial. Only
  then I was sure he was gonna torture us in the most horrible way he could think
  of and then kill us. Now I didn't know what to think. I know they're gonna
  kill me sooner or later, but maybe it'll be later. It's what they might do
  to me in between that makes my skin crawl  
When they finally pried open my box, lifted me out and took off the blindfold,
  I found myself in still another warehouse. This time there was no truck inside,
  just lots and lots of boxes of all sizes, stacked up all over. The door to
  the warehouse was open and it was dark outside. And hot inside! Both Cow 17
  and me was staggering, barely able to stand up after what seemed like days
  in those boxes, unable to move, except to wiggle our fingers and toes. A couple
  of men &mdash; big, swarthy guys &mdash; helped us stumble around in circles,
  keeping one arm around us (and both hands on our tits) until we could walk
  proper again.  
Then they called in warehouse workers from other parts of the building, spread
  out a dirty blanket on the floor, laid us down on it side by side and proceeded
  to organize a fuckfest. They was all laughing and pointing and talking in a
  foreign language which I later find out is Spanish. I didn't understand a word,
  but it was pretty obvious they was trash talking us like guys do everywhere
  when they gang bang a couple of whores. I had boners in both my southern channels
  as well as in my mouth. By the time they ran out of spunk and had to get back
  to work, I had sperm all over my face, boobs, belly and thighs. My handler
  was careful to take a rag and wash all the most obvious cum crust off my body,
  although the stuff kept drooling out of my pussy and down the inside of my
  leg as they cuffed my hands behind me and led me out of the warehouse by the
  tit leash. He loved that leash and kept yanking on it to see me wince and lurch
  forward to keep up.  
 Cow 17 and me were led along the side of a very long building, sometimes
  on tarmac and sometimes on a gravelly dirt surface that hurt like hell on my
  bare feet. The men seemed to take great pleasure in making us trot faster on
  the pebbles and sharp bits of rock. It was dark, but you could see it was an
  airport. I could make out the shapes of aircraft beyond the dim lighting at
  the side of the building. It was plenty hot and humid, too. I began to sweat
  from the excursion and pain. Remember, I'd been standing and lying around "tenderizing" for
  weeks. The amazing thing was, we went by lots of people, and although some
  gawked, nobody questioned why two naked, handcuffed girls was being dragged
  along by a leash attached to their tits. Wherever this was, it sure wasn't
  America. Not even Florida.  
Eventually we come to a white panel truck. They slid the door open and pushed
  Cow 17 and me in, leaving the leashes to drag at our feet. The inside was bare
  metal except for a wooden bench along each side. The door slammed shut behind
  us, leaving us in pitch blackness. I heard the lock click. We found each other
  in the dark and sidled over to one of the benches, sitting down and pressing
  close together for comfort and physical support. I think that was the moment
  it really struck me just how cruel it is to deliberately destroy a person's
  voice. There was so much we wanted to say to each other facing that terrible
  unknown, and yet we couldn't utter a word. We just held hands behind our backs
  as the truck rolled out and began the last dark leg of our journey.  
This time it didn't take all that long. Twenty minutes maybe. When the truck
  stopped and the door slid open, two guys jumped in and quick as lightning wrapped
  blindfolds around our eyes. I don't know why. Where the hell was we gonna run?
  Painful tugs on the fucking tit leash got me off the bench and out of the truck.  
Thank God the driveway was asphalt because my feet was raw from the last
  walk.  
I only had the feel of the surface under my sore feet to clue me in as to
  where we was being taken. The harsh asphalt surface turned to smooth, cool
  concrete, then to wood and finally to carpet. Men kept yelling things at me,
  but I didn't understand them, so they would yank and twist at my tit leash
  and slap my face. Someone touched me with something that was almost as painful
  as the branding, so I knew it must be a cattle prod. I jumped and wept and
  hopped in circles, totally frightened and frustrated, until finally someone
  grabbed both my upper arms and pulled me backward up against a rail of some
  kind and lashed my cuffed wrists to the rail. Then they left me alone.  
Other things were happening at the rail and in the room around me, but they
  hadn't removed the blindfold and the jabbering was incomprehensible, so I just
  stood there and hoped someone wasn't about to cut my throat.  
Finally the blindfold was whipped off. I looked around, amazed! There was
  a whole row of us tied to that rail &mdash; all girls around my age or maybe
  a bit older, I'd guess fifteen to twenty years old. Some looked defiant. Others
  looked scared shitless.  
Then she comes in. Mrs Q. herself. Cool and haughty that one. She walks along
  the whole row of us, holding a clipboard that she's tapping with a riding crop.
  Some men are following her. She goes back to the beginning of the row, looks
  at the first girl, appraising her closely, and says something in Spanish to
  the men. They release the girl from the rail and hustle her off. God knows
  where!  
She does the same to the next girl. And the next.  
Then she comes to me.  
"Cow 13," she says to the men. One of them writes something. She says something
  else and they turn me roughly to look at my brand. They laugh and make another
  note. One of them uses a finger to see how deep it's burned. She says something
  else and they raise an eyebrow, looking at each other. Suddenly she hauls back
  and whips me hard across the breasts with that riding crop. I open my mouth
  to scream but only a whoosh of breath comes out. The men nod appreciatively.
  Then smile. I know what they're thinking. We can torture this bitch
  and no one will hear  . She says something else and two men behind
  them step up, untie me from the rail, grab my tit leash and lead me away.  
They lead me down a corridor to the door at the end. It opens into a long
  corridor lined with doors made of heavy wire, like a hurricane fence, or fencing
  at a zoo. I got the impression of being in a kennel. Behind each door is a
  cell, some empty, others filled with naked young women. Mostly they're sitting
  or lying on mats that take up most of the tiny space in the cells, staring
  at us as we parade by. Some are asleep. Others are lounging at their cage door.
  A few are squatting on toilets. The toilets have got no seats. Just a bowl.
  One of the inmates is scooping water with her hands from the toilet and drinking
  it. Another is propped up against a wall eating something from a small bowl,
  fishing it out with her fingers. I notice there's a slot at the bottom of each
  cell door just large enough to slip a bowl through. I also notice that there's
  a plaque beside each door with a number, and under it a bracket with a name
  hand wrote on an insert card. Some of the doors are standing open with no one
  inside.  
We reach an open door and my escort (guard? handler? whatever he is) brings
  me to a stop. The plaque tells me this is cell number 147. Under it the name "Cow
  13&quot; is on the insert card. The guard unclips my tit leash, takes off the
  cuffs and shoves me into the cell. The door slams shut behind me.  
The first thing I notice is this pad of paper and a pen laying on the mat.
  The second thing I notice is how clean the cell is. I can smell soap and disinfectant.  
I test the mat with my foot. It's softer than the cement floor, but just
  barely. Still, it's a lot better than straw on a cow stall floor. It reminds
  me of like the mats they used in gym class for tumbling at school. The best
  thing is I won't have to stick my head in a stanchion. Gotta look on the bright
  side.  
I sat down on the mat cross legged and thought about things. On the one hand
  I was happy to be upgraded from barn animal to sex slave. I've been fucked
  hard both with and without permission for as long as I can remember, so forced
  whoredom is no big deal. On the other hand it's only a temporary reprieve from
  being meat. I definitely don't look forward to being slaughtered or, worse,
  roasted alive. Maybe, I decided, there's a way out of this if I just stick
  it out long enough. Hope springs eternal, even in Hell.  
So I picked up the pen and paper and began to write. But now I'm sleepy.
  It's not like I was able to sleep nailed in a wooden box. Maybe I'll wake up
  and it'll all have been a fucking dream. Or I'll be dead.  
Part 6  
I don't know how much time has gone by since I last wrote. When they woke
  me up and hauled me off the mat, they took me to the shower room where they
  cleaned me up, then to a client room where they chained my ankle to a bed.
  I serviced eight or ten guys with a guard looking on to make sure they only
  got what they paid for. A couple of the clients just got a hand job, but got
  to spurt in my face. Three got blow jobs and came in my mouth. The others got
  into my pussy and pounded me raw. But the guard made all but one of them wear
  a condom. When I was put back in my cell, the pad and pen was gone, but there
  was a bowl of food.  
After days of not eating, I wolfed it down. They didn't give me nothing to
  drink, which is how I found out why that other girl was drinking from the toilet.
  That's the only water we get around here.  
I soon discovered that I wouldn't get no more food unless I pushed the empty
  pan through the door slot into the hallway. When meals come, they're always
  the same thing: mostly rice, but mixed with what I suspect is table scraps
  from somewheres.  
There ain't no windows in the cell block or in most of the rooms where the
  clients fuck us, so I've lost track of how long I've been here. The lights
  in the hallway are always on, and the meals don't arrive on any kind of regular
  basis, so that don't help at all in trying to figure out one day from another.  
All I know is, it was a long time before this pad and pen arrived on my mat
  again. Obviously Mr NoName don't want a day-to-day journal. But I guess he
  was happy enough with the last stuff, so I'll write more.  
He said he wants to read about how I feel. Well I'll say this: the dungeon
  room scares the shit out of me. See, they got this room where clients sometimes
  take me that's equipped with all kinds of terrible stuff for hurting the girls.
  The clients who've taken me in there have spent a lot of time doing painful
  things to me &mdash; like sticking long pins into my tits and scraping the
  points on my bones until I faint. But a lot of the girls who get taken there
  are horribly mutilated. I've watched guys slice off a girl's nipples, shove
  wood rasps and barbed wire up their cunts till they're gushing blood, drill
  holes in their teeth, yank out their tongues with pliers, slice off their eyelids
  and make them eat them, stick red hot coals up their vaginas, you name it!
  I've noticed that it's the older women who get maimed the most&mdash; the ones
  in their mid and late twenties who look like they've been around the track
  a few times, if you know what I mean. Maybe Mrs Q figures they're not worth
  taking up space any more, because I've also noticed I never see them again.
  Their names disappear from beside their doors and a new young girl appears
  in the cell.  
I think I know what happens to them, too. The meat scraps that get mixed
  into our bowls of rice have a very distinctive flavor. I recognize it from
  the barbecues on the Thomas estate. The next step for those girls is to be
  slaughtered and cooked.  
I think Mr NoName was right. I'm being spared in the dungeon because Mrs
  Q wants to keep me in fuckable condition for the regular clients so she can
  continue to make money off me, or because she wants me to be an attractive
  specimen for roasting whole over a barbecue pit. Or both.  
The hardest part, at this point, is not knowing what's next. So far, my writing
  has not resulted in my punishment or snuffing, so I'm a little bit encouraged
  that Mr NoName meant it when he said he really wants to hear about my feelings.
  On the other hand, they could come for me at any time. Whenever I hear footsteps
  in the corridor my heart skips a beat then speeds up. But now that I've started,
  I can't shut off the words. The only reason I want to go on living is that
  I'll get to say a little more about the horror these people have perpetrated,
  even though I'm pretty sure no one will ever read it. Except Mr NoName, of
  course. Does he care how much I'm suffering? I doubt it.  
I'm remembering my first customer here.  
After the shower, they led me to an upstairs room and handed me a cheap dress
  to put on. Nothing under it. Then they shackled me to the bed by my right ankle.  
My first customer was a burly guy who stunk like a goat. He took one leering
  look at me, grabbed my dress at the neck and ripped it off. He took off his
  own pants, releasing a medium size boner, and pointed at the bed, yelling things
  in Spanish. I took a wild guess that he wanted me to lie back and spread my
  legs, which I did. In a moment he was inside me, pumping wildly and grunting.
  The guard had made him roll on a condom so I didn't feel the hot semen against
  my cervix. Instead, he pulled out as he softened and slipped off the used rubber,
  dumping it's contents on my belly. Other customers after that dumped their
  condoms on my face or over my breasts. One guy tied it off and took it away
  with him. To impregnate his fat wife? Who knows? Who cares?  
I found out something else, too. The reason this place is so clean, they
  have women come around and scrub everything down now and then, especially the
  toilets. Which is why I can drink from it without gagging. (The toilet don't
  have a tank, by the way. Just a valve that lets in flush water. And it'll only
  flush every so often. One learns to shit only when absolutely necessary, and
  only after a long drink of water.) I think the women do this as part of a punishment,
  but I never give any trouble so I've never been punished. So far.  
Part 7  
Another pad and pen! Thank you, thank you, thank you, whoever you are! I
  go crazy day after day (or is it week after week) with nothing to do but wait.
  Wait for my bowl of gruel, each little bit of meat imbedded in the rice reminding
  me that I'll be in there one day for some poor girl to eat. Waiting to be taken
  to the showers so I'll be nice and clean for the next dozen pigs who want to
  stick their tool in me or make me drink their piss. Wait for the next trip
  to the dungeon so some snarling sadist can put me on the rack and stretch me
  till my shoulders and hips dislocate, then flick cigarette ashes into my mouth
  and stub it out on my tits or cunt. I try to remember whether my life was better
  or worse in a cow stall.  
I just got back from a really scary party. Maybe that's why this pad arrived
  on my mat. He wants me to write about it. Okay. What else do I have to do?
  Count my toes? Lap water out of my toilet? Stare at the cement block walls
  and diddle myself? Why the fuck not?  
The reason it was so scary &mdash; at the start &mdash; was that it was the
  first time I've been allowed out of the building since I got here. I remembered
  that Mr NoName had told me that girls were taken to some other place to be
  snuffed for roasting. So what the hell was I to think?  
There was eight of us girls. The guards cuffed our hands in front of us,
  put shackles on our ankles and hobbled us out to a waiting panel truck. They
  had to lift us into the truck because we couldn't step up. The shackle chain
  was too short. Then they locked the doors. Like we was gonna escape? Nude and
  shackled hand and foot? They sat us on benches along each side of the truck.  
There's a no talking rule in this place. No girl's supposed to talk unless
  spoken to by a staff member or client. ('Course it don't mean much to the cows
  from Tony's, since we can't talk no more anyway.) It's one of the things you
  get punished for around here. But, of course, the girls do it anyway. Like,
  they whisper to each other around the corner of their cell doors when there's
  no guard in the corridor.  
When the truck starts up, the two guards in front begin jabbering with each
  other in Spanish and the girl on my right leans close and whispers something
  in my ear. She's a slim thing with light brown hair and beautiful dark eyes.
  Her tits are kind of average, maybe 35 B, but she's really young and attractive
  in a wholesome kind of way.  
"You're one of the cow girls, right?" she asks.  
I look at her. Being called a cow girl sounds a lot better than being called
  a cow. I nod.  
"I mean," she says, "I saw your brand. Jeez! That must have hurt like hell!"  
I nod again.  
"Wow!" she says. "Cow girls can't talk because they cut out your voice, right?"  
When I nod again she says, "Shit! Can't you even whisper."  
I try it. "Only a little." But the look on her face tells me it don't come
  out very clear.  
"What I hear," she says, "is some girls don't never come back from this place
  they're takin' us to. You know anything about that?"  
I shake my head, staring at my knees. Of course I do! But in the first place
  I can't make myself understood. And in the second place, how can it brighten
  her day to know that we might be dead within a few hours and cooking over a
  fire?  
"I'm from Iowa," she says. Where are you from?"  
For some fucking reason I burst into tears at that point and she looks away.
  She don't ask me again. And that was the high point of the day.  
When we get to the party, we're lifted off the truck by the guards and led
  immediately to our jobs. Mine turns out to be acting as a kind of decoration.
  I'm lashed to a cross and crucified with three others to form the points of
  a quadrangle around the party site. Thank God we wasn't nailed to the crosses
  (I can only imagine how horrible that must be!). It was terrible enough to
  hang there for hours. It became impossible to breathe after a while unless
  I pushed myself upward by my feet which was bound to the sharp point of a wooden
  cone. Then, after a while, my trembling legs would collapse and I'd be hanging
  by my wrists again until my lungs demanded more air. Up and down. Up and down.
  For hours! The skin of my back sore from rubbing hard on the wood cross.  
In the meantime, one of the girls who was serving the partygoers as a bargirl
  was selected by the partygoers as their choice for entree. Next thing you know,
  she was strapped down, sliced open, degutted and put on a skewer for roasting
  alive. I cried as the roasting went on and the guests got drunker and drunker.
  My pain on the cross was only a pittance compared to what she went through
  before she died.  
So there you are, Mr NoName and Mrs Q. Is that what you hoped for? 
Part 8  
Another pad and pen. Is this good news or bad?  
It's been many weeks, probably months since the
  last time. I must of fucked and licked five thousand cocks and assholes since
  then. My cunt, mouth and tits are constantly sore. About every tenth customer
  hauls me into the dungeon to string me up, tie me down, flay me with whips,
  cane me raw or hang terrifying weights from my nipples and cunt lips that near
  tears them off! Usually the arrival of writing materials means something new
  is happening and Mr Nameless would like my reaction to it. The "something new" could
  be a welcome change, or it could turn out to be my worst nightmare. But at
  this point I'd welcome most any change.  
I just got back to my cell from being banged by
  two brothers. ("This is my brother" was one of the two English phrases they
  knew. The other was, "you fucking whore.") Their brotherly thing was for both
  of them to do me at the same time, constantly changing holes. They kept a grueling
  round robin going for an hour until they had both come twice, always unloading
  it in my mouth so I could swallow it. Cum has become a staple of my diet here.
  That and rice mixed with girl meat. Oh, and don't forget piss. About one in
  ten clients wants me to be a toilet. There must be two hundred girls in this
  place. Why do the pissers always come to me?  
I don't suppose I should complain too much, considering
  it's one of the things that's keeping me on the outside of the oven. Shit,
  I spread my legs often enough for Tony's clients, and that was just for the
  chump change Tony let me keep. After the first dozen times for money, the sex
  don't mean nothing. Fucking is fucking whether it's paid for or free. Sometimes
  I could even get an orgasm if the guy was nice to me and not too ugly.  
Jesus! I hear boots clomping down the hall. They're
  probably coming for me. It scares the shit out of me because I feel so helpless.
  Whatever they got planned for me, good or bad, there ain't a fucking thing
  I can do about it.  
Page 2  
There's fourteen of us in the truck this time, including
  Cow 17 and two other cows I don't recognize. Mrs Q must of bought them recently
  off Tony. I knowed right away they're his because they've got his brand on
  their ass. They've also got his rings in their noses, tits and cunts. And they
  can't talk.  
One of the girls sitting next to me in the truck
  told me their names are Cow 68 and Cow 72. Looks like Tony ain't had no trouble
  finding stray girls to haul in, turn into cows and sell. And the cows are probably
  only the tip of the iceberg. Knowing Tony and Eric, they probably got three
  or four dozen new whorehouses and out-call services in operation by now, all
  staffed with runaways and single moms trying to feed their families with what
  Tony gives 'em from working their pussies seven days a week. And once Tony
  gets his claws in 'em, they're too scared of his goons to try running out on
  him.  
From what I hear being whispered around, Tony and Eric are now big time suppliers
  of sex slaves to buyers all over the world, including the Middle East market
  where white American girls are hot sellers for raping, torturing and snuffing.  
It's hard to write with this fucking truck bouncing around so much, so I'll
  stop until we get to wherever we're going.  
Page 3  
The truck dropped us off at a different place than before. It's a big honkin'
  mansion way the fuck out in the woods with acres of lawn, lots of fountains
  and a high stone wall all the way around. There's already a lot of people here,
  all babbling in different languages, and more coming in every minute.  
I'm a decoration again, thank God, but this time I'm on a great long, wide
  table, squatting cross-legged in the center of a huge platter surrounded by
  vegetables, fruits and flowers with four chains from my collar and two more
  from my knees locked to ring bolts in the table around the platter so's I can't
  stand up and can barely move. There's two other tables set up alongside mine,
  three tables altogether, and all set up with platters in the middle and a girl
  chained down to the platter. Cow 17 is in the platter on one side and Cow 72
  is in the platter on the other side, with me in the middle. Both Cow 17 and
  72 have their arms bound behind them with their elbows together, which forces
  them to thrust their tits out where the guests can pinch and twist their nipple
  rings. Me they did different. My wrists are cuffed and attached by chains to
  the table so's I can write with the pad in my lap, but I can't raise my hands
  high enough to fend off the guests who want to play with MY boobs (which are
  the most popular because they're the biggest). And I'm not talking gentle love
  twists! These guys love to make a girl cry. But if that's all I'm here for &mdash; to
  look sexy, write and get my nipples twisted by crude foreigners &mdash; it's
  OK by me. Could be a lot worse.  
Cow 68, a pretty little brown eyed girl with a trim body and a gorgeous pair
  of legs, is now hanging from her ankles from a kind of scaffold on the lawn
  not far from what looks like a huge barbecue pit. Not good news for her! Her
  arms are also strapped together elbow to elbow behind her back and her legs
  are spread wide, so she's in the shape of a Y. This gives the guys easy access
  to her girl holes and ass, and believe me, they've come up with all kinds of
  stuff to ram into them. She's got an O ring strapped into her mouth and her
  head is right about crotch level so some of the cruder types can whip out their
  tool right in front of everyone and stick it right in there to get it hardened
  up. They like to shove it deep and make her gag.  
There's been plenty of fruits and veggies pushed up my cunt, too, as well
  as the other two cows. Thing is, I can grope in there and pull most of mine
  out again, but they can't. God knows how full their vaginas must be of olives,
  radishes, cherry tomatoes, pickles, jalapinos, shrimp, sardines, baby carrots,
  grapes and other crap.  
Five of Mrs Q's girls are on their backs on the lawn, spread eagled and staked
  down in a star pattern, ankle to ankle. They serve double duty, both as a decoration
  and a set of fuck holes. Some guys, after getting hardened up with the hanging
  cow, take their boner over to the star and work their way around it, fucking
  each girl until they get off, usually over some girl's face.  
Like us cows, the girls in the star are stark naked. The six other girls
  are dressed in skimpy maid outfits &mdash; short black and white mini skirts,
  high heel pumps, braless under a short vest not quite connected in front &mdash; and
  are serving drinks and snacks to the guests, along with feels of tits and pussy.  
There's quite a crowd here, and almost as many women as men. The women are
  mostly young and sexy while the guys look pretty damn tough. There's a lotta
  laughing going on, but I wouldn't wanna cross any of these guys. I notice none
  of the women complain when their man gropes them in front of his buddies, or
  decides to dip his weenie into one of the girls in the star cluster, or grabs
  a maid and pulls her into the house (where I'm sure it ain't to watch TV).  
This is so much like the scenes back at Mr Thomas's estate that it's real
  scary! But from what I can see there'd only be room enough in that barbecue
  pit for one girl and Cow 68 looks like the likeliest candidate for that.  
Any position you're forced to hold for hours becomes painful after a while.
  I've been here for hours in this forced squat and it's becoming agony. The
  guests are getting real drunk, too, and starting to really hurt us.  
To help take my mind of the growing pain, I've been doing some figuring.
  These three tables are really huge! I figure the can seat at least twelve to
  a side and two at each end. That's twenty-eight per table. Three tables makes
  eighty-four. That's just about the number of party goers circulating around
  this place. As the alcohol flows some of the women are shedding their tops
  or bottoms or both, giving Mrs Q's girls competition for the men's attention.  
I fight off my increasing suffering by remembering that I've endured worse.
  I think the most painful hour of my life so far took place in the dungeon when
  I was the plaything of a particularly mean client who nearly cost me my tongue.
  The asshole hogties me, stretches my tongue out with pliers and drills a hole
  in it with a fucking cordless drill. He puts a thick ring through the hole
  and runs a heavy fishing line through the ring, threading it over a ceiling
  pipe. Then he stands me up, my forearms bound together behind me, and pulls
  the line taut, making me stand on tiptoes to keep my tongue from being torn
  out. He ties off the cord on a wall cleat. The bastard makes me stay like that,
  my calf muscles and tongue turning to fire, while he pokes needles in me and
  whips me with a cat and a singletail, and hangs heavy weights from metal toothed
  clips biting into my nipples and cunt lips. But the pain from the clip teeth
  was nothing compared to the molten agony in my calves. I started dancing, hopping
  from the toes of one foot to the other trying to get relief. All I got, of
  course, was double the pain in the supporting leg and horrible cramps. This
  went on and on, tears streaming down my face, while the dungeon guard (who's
  supposed to protect the "inventory" from serious damage) is looking on and
  saying nothing. I guess he figured yanking the tongue out of a dumb cow who
  can't talk anyway is not serious. The creep! The client finally got bored with
  it and took me down to torture me in other ways. My tongue was so swollen up
  and sore it didn't work right for a long time. I couldn't even eat!  
Damn! Some guys just came over to the tables and injected some milky colored
  stuff in all our tits with huge fucking syringes, the needles as thick as nails.
  Three times they stuck them in each breast! They did it on the underside, probably
  so the holes won't show. God! My boobs fucking hurt!! Like they're on fire!!!
  But I notice they're bigger and firmer than they was before, so I guess that's
  why they did it. I bet I've gone from size C to E!!! Jesus God! They're aching
  like crazy!  
Oh shit. Something's going on over by Cow 68. Everyone's gathering around
  over there.  
Oh fuck! Shit shit shit! It's what I was afraid of. I'm gonna be sick!  
They've slit open her stomach and are pulling out the guts. She's wriggling
  like a worm on a hook. Now they've rolled out a short table. They've taken
  her down and draped her face down on the table, her legs hanging off one end.
  They've strapped her down tight. Oh fuck! Here comes the skewer. They've put
  the point of it in her cunt and are screwing and pushing it up through her.
  She's going into convulsions. They've pulled up her head and the spit is coming
  out her mouth, all bloody. Now they're wiring her arms behind her back and
  her legs to the spit. They've put a rectal bracket up her ass and bolted it
  to the spit so she'll turn with it. Two beefy guys have picked up each end
  of the spit and are carrying her off to the barbecue pit.  
Page 4  
I can't tell if the poor girl is dead or alive at this point. She's turning
  slowly over the fire while they baste her with brushes.  
It don't make sense. She's just a skinny little thing, no more than five
  feet tall. Probably don't weigh more than a hundred pounds. She ain't got near
  enough meat to feed this size crowd. Unless she's just a side dish.  
O God! I gotta puke. I can't watch this.  
Page 5  
I managed to keep from vomiting on my note pad.  
But I've been thinking. One scrawny cow won't feed this many people. But
  three voluptuous cows will. Is that why we're on platters? Are we more than
  decorations?  
Cow 68 has been roasting all afternoon while the party has been getting crazier.
  The happy drunks have been slobbering all over the girls in maid costumes and
  fucking the girls in the star pattern relentlessly, usually pumping jizz all
  over their faces. The mean drunks have been twisting my tits so hard I've fainted
  a couple of times. Same with the girls in the star, except their tormentors
  have better access to their southern parts, too.  
Oh shit. A guy with a knife has just stepped up to Cow 72 on my right. She's
  terrified, poor thing. A crowd is gathering around her table. She's a honey
  blond with creamy skin, deep brown eyes and a cute face. She's a little wide
  in the hips, but most guys in the real world would focus in on her outstanding
  hooters. These guys, on the other hand, are releasing her from the chains holding
  her to the platter and standing her up. They've unbound her arms from behind
  her and are tying leather thongs around her upper arms near her shoulder, and
  around her thighs near her hips. O God! I've seen this before! I don't want
  to look, yet I can't help myself.  
They bring her over to that same little table they used for Cow 72, now roasting
  over the fire. One no-neck brute holds her right arm on the table while another
  holds her body in a choke hold about a foot away from the table. A third guy
  with an electric saw steps in and &mdash; oh shit!!! &mdash; saws right through
  her arm. The tightly wrapped thongs keep the stump from bleeding.  
They turn her around and do the same thing to her left arm. Then to both
  legs! They cauterize the stumps with a hot fry pan. Her bucking, limbless body
  is then plunked on the table and they take a knife to her breasts, slicing
  them off and cauterizing the gaping wounds the same way. Next they flip her
  over and carve off both her rumps, searing the wounds with the hot pan. Jesus!
  This is almost exactly what Tony did to Emily! The pain must be incredible!  
In the meantime, the table where she has been the centerpiece until now is
  pulled apart in the middle. Under where the platter was is a hole split in
  half by the opening of the table, and under the hole a plastic bin with a wooden
  cone in the bottom. What's left of her body is lowered into the bin, her cunt
  impaled on the cone. The table is then closed together around her neck so that
  the only part of her showing is her head. Another split dish is brought in
  and closed around her neck. They decorate it with parsley and such so that
  it looks like her head is on a platter. But the head's alive! She'll be watching
  herself eaten by the guests.  
Now attention is turned to Cow 17 on my left. They're doing the same to her,
  cutting off her arms, legs, breasts and ass. I can't bear to watch but I can
  hear it. And the bastards are standing around cheering! Oh Christ! There she
  is! Her head is on the fake platter in the center of her table, like Cow 72
  on the other side. She's crying. Great wretched sobs. One of the maids has
  laid out a linen table cloth on the table with a cutout for Cow 17's head.
  Another one is setting out plates and tableware and wineglasses.  
O my God! Now they're coming toward me!!! It's not fair! I done everything
  they asked! It's not fucking fair!!!! 
Part 9 Epilogue  
In spite of what she said, Cow 13 wasn't all that great a speller. I had
  to do a lot of editing to make the preceding material readable. But I hope
  her first-hand report of life as a property &mdash; first of Tony, then of
  Mrs Q &mdash; has proved interesting to you. We have translated these notes
  into Spanish and Arabic, but this original English version is the most authentic
  reflection of this particular cow's last thoughts. I am a bit disappointed
  that she didn't really give us an in depth look into her emotional state and
  the fear she must have felt as she awaited her inevitable death, but then,
  one should not expect too much from a semi-literate prostitute who only completed
  the eighth grade.  
I find it surprising that she remained in denial about her fate for so long,
  given that I was entirely up front with her right from the beginning. Perhaps
  I should have told her prior to her second party that she was scheduled to
  be slaughtered and cooked. I didn't because I wanted her to enjoy the suspense
  of not knowing, of wondering when it would be her turn to die. She did get
  to watch the other cows being butchered first, but strangely, she failed to
  realize as she watched that it was deliberately staged as a preview of her
  own butchering. I'm afraid she missed out on most of the anticipatory excitement
  of knowing she was to die. Once she had been reduced to a head on a plate,
  she could no longer report her emotional state, of course, except by her eyes.
  Interestingly, most of her facial expressions registered anger rather than
  fear.  
I did her the honor of seating myself at her table directly in front of her
  so I could dine on her as she watched. She didn't seem to appreciate it at
  first, in fact seemed downright churlish; but when I told her I did it to protect
  her from the uncouth morons who like to torture the living heads &mdash; grinding
  cigarette butts out on their eyes, that sort of thing &mdash; she settled down.  
The chefs had set up a lovely presentation at each table, each living head
  surrounded on four sides by one of her legs, an arm and both breasts &mdash; all
  roasted to perfection. The rest of her meat was presented sliced and laid out
  in geometric patterns on beds of parsley and red peppers. I helped myself to
  one of Cow 13's delightful breasts, the skin and nipple wonderfully crunchy
  and the meat tender, sweet and succulent. I must admit, injecting mother's
  milk into them before harvesting really enhances their flavor.  
In fact, I'm happy to report that every one of her cuts was absolutely delicious,
  just what one would expect of prime sixteen-year old girl meat. I offered her
  a taste of herself, but she declined. She looked rather horrified, I must say.
  No doubt it's because Tony made one of the cows eat her own meat in front of
  the others as part of her punishment. Cow 13 may have thought I was punishing
  her. I think I cheered her up, though, by reminding her that her leftovers
  would help nourish the more than two hundred girls Mrs Q keeps in her stables
  at all times, so none of her meat will go to waste, including the rib meat
  and organs we harvest later.  
After dinner I paid her a salute by finding her right hand among the scraps
  (fortunately no one had chewed the crispy fingers) and kissing it gallantly
  in front of her. I also did her the favor of cutting her throat personally,
  rather than letting the cartel bozos kill her in more imaginative ways. She
  was a plucky little cow, I'll give her that. She didn't flinch. She was looking
  straight at me with those amazing blue eyes, her lower lip quivering only slightly
  as the blade sliced through her carotid arteries. A single, sweet little tear
  slid down her right cheek as her lights went out. It was really an inspiring
  sight.  
UPDATE:  
All four cows we slaughtered at the Bogota party at which Cow 13 was served
  were every bit as tasty as Tony had promised, so since then we have purchased
  dozens more from him. We have come to appreciate how well Tony prepares his
  cows and the quality of their meat. We especially appreciate the disabling
  of their voices to eliminate annoying complaints and noise during their stay
  at Mrs Q's and throughout their processing, no matter how frightening and painful
  it may be for them.  
I am pleased to report that Mrs Q has just purchased thirty-four new girls
  from Tony for our extensive network of pleasure establishments. All of these
  new acquisitions are young, lovely and well trained. In addition, she has purchased
  twenty-two meat cows for upcoming snuff parties at our worldwide banquet facilities.
  All twenty-two are exceptionally pretty and well proportioned beauties. As
  always, they will be available for personal services at our Bogata pleasure
  house prior to shipment to the banquets. Please arrange with our desk manager
  or at any of our pleasure facilities for official invitations to any of the
  next round of banquets. Requests for participation in the slaughter of a particular
  cow will be honored for an extra fee, circumstances permitting.  
All major credit cards accepted.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C. A. Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





