BDSM Library - Teasing Anthony




Teasing Anthony
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jess, a young college freshman, has been teasing men since she hit puberty. Tonight she goes too far and one man shows her how to behave.Chapter 1   
I was a tease. I knew it and loved it. My favorite outfit was a tiny red
  plaid skirt that barely covered my bottom and a tight white dress shirt, often
  without a bra. My breasts were a cute, perky B-cup, so I didn't really need
  the bra anyway. I always wore sexy lace trimmed black panties with the short,
  pleated skirt in case someone might see under there. I knew I looked like a
  Catholic schoolgirl of a wet dream and I loved making men of all ages, married
  or not, turn and watch me go by. I was used to seeing men turn around and look
  at my ass as it wiggled past them before I was even a teenager, but it was
  only after I turned 16 that I came to appreciate my round bubble bottom. I
  had the tiny waist to set that butt off perfectly and I saw the way the boys
  in my class looked at it. I went to prom as a freshman, and went every year
  after that because guys wanted to fuck me on prom night, as I knew many girls
  did. My power was in not letting them, yet letting them think they might. Sultry,
  lingering looks and dancing close, touching them always, my hands occasionally
  grazing their cocks, I felt their cocks jump against the thin material of those
  formal slacks. I never failed to get a semi-hard on from the boys I danced
  with at those high school formals and that was what thrilled me, knowing I
  made them that horny. Yet they never got to fulfill their fantasy of taking
  me to that hotel room or even their car and finally getting their eager cock
  into me. The boys never had their way and I stayed a virgin, wanting only to
  tantalize them with what they couldn't have. Yes, I was truly a tease.  
I finished high school and went into college, eventually. No, I didn't stop
  teasing men; I just got better at it. I still had a tiny plaid skirt, it was
  just even shorter now and I danced in clubs instead of those school dances.
  College was so much fun for me because it gave me a whole new pool of men to
  tease. As I walked into my chemistry class on the first day of my freshman
  year I was late, so I sat down quickly at one of the tables as the teacher
  glared at me. I quickly got bored when I realized he would just be going over
  the rules and I glanced over at my seatmate. My day took a fast turn for the
  better when I realized how handsome he was, He was slouched back, turning the
  pages of the syllabus, and his dark brown hair fell over his eyes a little
  as he sucked his lower lip. We were near the back of the auditorium and the
  lights were dimmed, but I could see he had soft green eyes, pale as crystals.
  He had a chin as chiseled as a superhero and broad shoulders that completely
  filled his faded t-shirt. Bored, he sighed loudly and released his lip, showing
  a lip ring near the right corner. I averted my eyes, looking at my notebook
  cover, as he started to scan the room as well and then I felt his gaze resting
  on me as well. I blushed furiously, hoping that the dim lights would hide it.
  My whole life, I had never really been aroused by any of the boys I dated,
  yet I could feel moistness between my thighs simply wondering if he saw me
  watching him. The rest of the class was lost between thinking of kissing him,
  sucking on that ring, nibbling his lower lip, as the dampness between my legs
  grew. I was startled me out of my fantasies an hour later when the professor
  announced class was over, and he was gone before I could come back to reality.
  I went back to the dorms and promised myself I would wear the outfit next class
  for him.  
The next day, I put on my tiny skirt with a special relish, knowing that
  boy would have to look at me. Knowing my panties would be barely covered, I
  picked out a ruffled little girl style, pulling them up over my hips with a
  wiggle. If I bent over far enough, the black lace ruffles peeked out from underneath
  the skirt hem, which I did a couple of times in front of my mirror, loving
  the sexy little girl image I had. I sashayed to class, holding my books in
  my arms and sat down at the desk I had shared last class time. Sure enough,
  the same boy sat down next to me after looking out over the room. I felt him
  looking at me after he sat down, his eyes traveling over my exposed legs. During
  the entire class, I acted like a cute little schoolgirl, chewing the end of
  my pencil and playing with my hair and I could tell he never stopped watching
  me. Saving it for last, I finally brought out a big cherry lollipop from my
  book bag and I started licking and sucking it, wrapping my tongue around it
  with such obvious enthusiasm that the poor guy dropped his pencil under the
  desk. He dove underneath the desk and I heard him rummage for the pencil, making
  funny clicking noises as he looked. He came back up with a smile on his face
  that he seemed to be hiding and I realized he must have seen up my skirt, since
  I had been too dense to close my legs. I blushed hotly, knowing he had seen
  the panties I had chosen and he must think I meant for him to see them since
  they were so obviously sexy. I must have blushed through the rest of class,
  which didn't keep me from thinking about him until class was over. I made sure
  to leave right before him, swaying my hips to make the pleats in the skirt
  spread out a bit and almost give him another glimpse of my panties.  
The sexy episode that Friday morning made me really want to go dancing and
  I eagerly agreed when my roommate, Jen, asked me to go with her. I kept the
  skirt and lacy panties, trading my rather demure top for a tight white shirt,
  tied just under my small breasts. I wore no bra, letting my little pink nipples
  graze the fabric, which kept them constantly hard and obvious to anyone who
  looked closely enough. I put on black heels with an ankle strap that added
  4 inches to my small 5'2" frame and made my hips wiggle a little bit more when
  I walked. After putting on lots of mascara and pink lipstick, I was psyched
  and ready for a night of dancing and teasing guys, my favorite hobby. I was
  more than ready and walked into the club, swaying my hips and feeling the throbbing
  beat of the music already.  
I started dancing with Jen, our hips matched and Jen's big C cups brushing
  against my back. I started getting excited because I could see several guys
  starting to watch us, just leaning against the bar with their drinks, their
  eyes following Jen and me. After a few songs, we sat down at the bar where
  there were plenty of guys eager to reward our efforts with a drink. I accepted
  a glass of Jack and ice and felt it warm and loosen me as I chatted with the
  guy who got it for me. The guy took me out to the dance floor, but I never
  got to dance with him. Just as I turned around to face him, an arm reached
  over my shoulder and planted itself in the guy's chest, pushing him away, not
  hurting him but making it clear it could. I felt large strong hands capture
  my hips and pull me back, where I could smell cologne and a chest much wider
  than my shoulders pushed against me. As I ground my hips against his, he ran
  his hands down my sides and over my hips, his fingertips barely grazing the
  sides of my breasts, and I could feel his hot breath on my neck. I smiled to
  myself as I felt that familiar bump growing behind me, but the smile faded
  as it grew to proportions I had never felt before. Just then, he turned me
  around and I barely had time to see his face before he brought his lips down
  to mine in a powerful kiss. I realized in that second he was the boy who had
  sat next to me the past two days and I melted into him, closing the narrow
  gap still left between them and pushing my hips into that still growing lump.
  I wrapped my arms around those broad shoulders I had admired and let him pick
  me up a little bit so he could press his lips onto mine even harder as I slipped
  my tongue between his lips. He kept lifting me higher, kissing my neck slowly
  as his lips worked their way down, that little ring he had tickling me as he
  went. Only when I felt that ring between my breasts and when he shifted his
  grip so his hands were resting squarely on my butt under my skirt, did I realize
  me were starting to attract an audience. Embarrassed, I fought my way down
  and out of the club, and then sat on a low wall around the back. I let the
  night air cool my flushed skin and wondered what had made me act that way,
  why he made me lose control. I shut my eyes again in embarrassment, remembering
  the whistles that had followed me out and opened them to see him standing there
  in front of me. I felt a moment of relief that was replaced with uncertainty
  when I saw his face. He sat down beside me and looked at the ground.  
"Why did you leave me in there like that?" He sounded like he had to control
  his voice.  
I squirmed as I answered.  
"All those people were watching and, well&hellip;I never really meant to
  go that far." He looked up at the sky.  
"It seemed to me like you were enjoying yourself." I blushed again as I answered.  
"Well, yes, but that was kind of out of character for me." He finally looked
  at me and I could see anger in those icy green eyes.  
"From what I've seen of you, I thought that fit right in with your character."  
"Wha&hellip;What! Why?" I spluttered.  
"Well," he answered coolly, "Look at how you are dressed. You dress like
  a slut and it's obvious you like the attention you get." I fell silent, realizing
  I did look like a slut, also, in my hurry to get outside and sit down, my skirt
  had hiked up to a very indecent length. I knew he could see my panties and
  I reached out to pull my skirt down.  
"Don't." Indignantly, I turned toward him but my protests died on my lips
  when I saw the look he gave me. He reached out and put his hand on my thigh
  barely an inch from where my skirt ended. He raised one finger and pressed
  softly on my clit through the lace, then he began to lift my skirt hem. I couldn't
  take any more and I stood up and started to leave. I didn't get five feet before
  he grabbed my arm roughly from behind and spun me back toward him, squeezing
  my chest against his. I was only level with his chest, but he caught my chin
  and forced my eyes to meet his. That anger was blazing again as he talked quietly
  to me. "Why can't I see what probably every other guy on campus has seen? I've
  seen it already anyway and if you don't do what I want, I'll make sure they
  all see it."  
"What do you mean?" I asked fearfully. 
Chapter 2   
Saturday morning, I woke up when my roommate, Jen, plunked a package down
  on the edge of my bed. "Where did you go last night, Jess? The last I saw,
  you were dancing with some guy and then you were in a taxi with him in front
  of the club over an hour later." My mind flew over the events of last night,
  ending in Anthony dropping me off at the dorm, and then I glanced at the package. "M.
  Anthony to S. Jessica" was the only writing on the plain blown paper and I
  took it into the bathroom with me, turning it over to see if something else
  was on it. "That was in front of the door this morning," Jen called after me, "There
  aren't any stamps on it so the guy must have left it there. Do you know who
  it is? Well I've got to go to class, so I'll see you later tonight." I watched
  the package warily as I brushed my teeth, half afraid to open it, but my curiosity
  won me over.  
I took the package back into the bedroom with me and opened it as I sat down,
  peering into it as I sat it on my pink bedspread. I reached in and pulled out
  a white bundle that turned out to be a really cute pleated tennis skirt when
  I shook it out. I blushed in pleasure because I had never gotten a gift from
  a guy like this before, and hopped up to try it on. I wiggled my hips into
  it and had to pull it fairly high before I could fasten the buttons. I looked
  into the mirror and was shocked at how much it showed. I could see the dimples
  where my cheeks met the top of my thighs without even bending over and even
  when I tried to pull it down it seemed to have been designed to ride high on
  my hips, making it impossible to bend over without giving anyone behind me
  a peep show. Next out of the box was a pale pink bra and shirt, which turned
  out to be slightly transparent if you looked closely, and the shirt only had
  buttons once it was to the bottom of my breasts, showing all of my cleavage.
  I sat down on the bed, confused why Anthony had bought me such suggestive clothes
  and realized I had to sit with my legs crossed at all times to keep my crotch
  covered, which meant my skirt rode up even more and showed almost all of my
  creamy thighs.  
Sitting down on the bed again made the box rattle and I leaned over and took
  out two more things. The first was a pair of white shoes with 5-inch heels
  and ankle straps, which I put on too, and the second was a clear, pink rubber
  thing that looked like a little torpedo with a flared base. At the bottom of
  the box was a note that read, "For my cute little tease. Since you seem to
  like your slutty clothes so much, I have decided you will take it up a notch.
  I have seen you at the mall almost every weekend, so I think we will meet there
  today. Since you are so na&iuml;ve, I should probably tell you that the rubber
  toy is called a butt plug and I think you will enjoy it. Make sure you lube
  it up well and put it into your ass slowly, because you will be wearing it
  all day and you don't want to get sore your first time. Put on everything in
  this box and no more and come to the second cinema for the 4:00 show. I will
  be there shortly. Master Anthony."  
I looked up from the note I was holding at the mirror and saw that I did
  look like a real slut who loved to show off my body. My breasts strained at
  the transparent pink cloth of my blouse and my bra was obvious through it because
  it was a darker pink. My skirt refused to cover my bottom when I sat, so my
  bare behind was on the bedspread and I realized I would be sitting directly
  on every seat I sat on today.  
 I picked up the plug gingerly and, using some lotion to lube the plug, placed
  it against my asshole. It felt so strange and made me think shamefully of pushing
  herself onto Anthony's finger last night. Taking a deep breath, I pushed it
  in almost all the way before I had to stop, panting from the pain. After a
  pause, I gritted my teeth and pushed it the rest of the way in, then lay there
  panting again as my body adjusted to the strange object. I slowly turned over
  and lowered myself onto the bed, gasping from the way sitting made the plug
  push into me even more, and then caught my reflection in the mirror. I looked
  wild, with my cheeks flushed and wearing my slut clothes and I could see from
  here that I was wet, which embarrassed me at the same time as it excited me.
  Remembering last night, I slowly reached for the same nub between my legs that
  Anthony had played with. I stroked it, then slipped my fingers further down
  to feel my slick lips, falling back onto my pillows as I reveled in the new
  sensations. As my head hit the pillows, I saw my alarm clock. 3:45! I clattered
  out the door on my high heels, trying vainly to tug the skirt down.  
 I didn't have time to drive, so I hailed a cab and hurriedly told him where
  to go. As I sat down I heard a squelching noise and turned red as I realized
  it was my wet pussy making that sound on the seat. I could even smell herself
  and was horrified when I saw the cabbie look at me in the rearview mirror with
  his eyebrows raised. Blushing furiously, I looked out the window for the rest
  of the trip and tried not to make eye contact when I paid him.  
 The mall was full of the Saturday crowd and I found out that the only way
  to walk on those 5-inch heels was to sway my ass and push out my breasts for
  balance, making me look like a bimbo. I was relieved when I spotted the theater
  and hurried inside cinema two, looking for Anthony. I saw him in the back row
  by himself and rushed over to sit down. I stole a glance at him and saw he
  had not even looked at me and seemed to be vibrating with anger. He spoke so
  quietly I wasn't sure he had spoken at all, but I was paying such close attention
  I heard every word. "Is it 4:00, Jessica?"  
 "I'm sorry, it is 4: 10, but I tried my hardest to get here on time and
  it's not my &ndash;"  
 "There are no excuses. You did not try your hardest or you would have been
  here. It is simple, really." He looked at me, his cool green gaze roaming over
  my exposed cleavage and thighs. "At least you can follow some instructions." Resting
  his hand on my knee, he slid it up my leg until he reached the junction between
  my thigh and pussy, which he gently rubbed before cupping my entire pussy in
  his warm, rough palm. He turned suddenly amused eyes on me and asked, " Do
  you know how wet you are?" before he started working his finger into my cunt.
  I lashed out, scratching his arm with my nails, fighting back tears. I couldn't
  take this in public, this humiliation where anyone could see me, and I fled
  to the small bathroom attached to the theater, my heels almost tripping me.  
 Shaking, I held onto the sink, afraid to leave the safety of the women's
  bathroom, and decided I would leave when the theater emptied. I sat on the
  toilet and leaned over against the wall, trying to stop crying when I heard
  the door creak. I heard a click and my heart skipped when I realized it was
  the lock on the bathroom door. I scrambled to lock my stall door, but it flew
  open before I could get the latch fastened, and Anthony filled the doorway,
  almost growling in his rage. He grabbed my wrist and dragged me out into the
  middle of the floor, leaving me quivering as he glared at me. "I will not take
  this disrespect. You have no right to your body anymore so stop acting like
  you do. Never defy me again, little slut." Anthony pinched my chin and asked, "Whose
  property are you again?"  
 "You-yours&hellip;"  
 "How are you to address me?'  
 "Sir, Master Anthony."  
 "Now act like it!" He pushed my head toward his crotch. "Beg to suck my
  cock." He narrowed his eyes as he waited for me to gulp my sobs down.  
 I took a deep breath. "Pl-lease can I suck your cock, Sir, please?" Anthony
  nodded, once, and I undid his belt and zipper with trembling hands, feeling
  his dick grow as I pulled it out. As soon as I had it in my mouth, he thrust
  in, making me swallow his cock without a chance to get used to it. He held
  my head against his belly, feeling my nostrils flare as I had to breath through
  my nose. My gag reflex was working his cock so well he pushed in harder when
  it had stopped, only pulling out when he was close to coming. "That was good,
  slut, but I want more."  
He bent me over the sink and flipped up my skirt, admiring the cute pink
  plug nestled between my sweet cheeks, before he grasped the plug and started
  to pull. I struggled, trying to push myself off the sink, until Anthony gave
  my ass a ringing slap that left me breathless. "I warned you. Now beg me to
  fuck your ass. You will get used to begging soon, I promise." I started crying
  again when I saw I could not get out of it and finally decided to obey. "Please
  fuck my ass, Sir, please fuck me!" The plug came out with a pop that made me
  dizzy with pain, and then I saw Anthony in the mirror above the sink pulling
  a bottle of lube from his pocket and rubbing it all over his thick cock. I
  felt the tip push slowly against my opening, spreading my ass more than the
  plug, until my asshole stretched over the head. He held it there for a minute,
  then pushed further, burying his cock in my ass inch by agonizing inch as I
  gasped, my breath fogging the mirror in front of me. When his stomach was finally
  pressed against my back, his cock was so deep I was surprised it didn't come
  back out my mouth. It was so hot and big and just so strange that I didn't
  know what to think as I got used to it. Anthony leaned forward and whispered
  in my ear, "I'm only being so gentle because I don't want to damage you. You
  don't deserve this, but a dick as thick as mine can be hard for anyone to manage,
  let alone a virgin, and I plan on having you a long time." With that, he began
  to pull out, leaving me feeling oddly empty as his cock was squeezed out of
  my tight ass.  
He slid his cock all the way out and looked at my asshole to make sure I
  was okay, then sat down on one of the toilets with his dick standing straight
  up higher than his abs. "Now you will sit that ass on my cock, so crawl on
  over here." My skirt still flipped up and exposed, I knelt down and crawled
  across the bathroom floor to him, my ass wiggling as I moved. He slapped my
  butt lightly to watch it keep wiggling before he said, "Up." I stood up and
  straddled him, positioning my asshole over his cock, and slowly lowered myself
  onto him until my pussy touched his stomach. Pausing when he was all the way
  inside, my whole body started to grow warm as I moved back up the length of
  his dick. He reached between us and let his hand cover my pussy, saying, "Is
  it easier to realize you are my property now that my cock is buried in your
  ass? Are you feeling quite as defiant as you did before?"  
"No, Sir, I know I am yours. I am sorry for my disobedience. Please, Sir,
  could you rub my clit...it-it feels so good." I flushed having to ask him,
  but I felt like I was on fire as I ground back down on his dick, making me
  out of breath. Anthony looked at me and started to smile as he manipulated
  my clit, making my ass tighten with the pleasure as I slid eagerly up and down
  his thick shaft. He wrapped his other strong arm around my waist and pulled
  me closer so my pussy rubbed against his abs, leaving a slippery trail of my
  juices. Leaning in, he said softly, "Ask me if you need to come, my little
  slut who is getting a proper ass-fucking in a public bathroom." I started to
  tremble and babbled, "Please, please, Sir, let me come&hellip;please&hellip;" He
  rubbed my clit harder as he said, "Come for me now. You have the next three
  seconds." My entire body shuddered as my ass tightened beyond belief, drawing
  out his come in hot waves inside me, then I collapsed against him.  
He let me stay there for a few minutes until my heart had stopped beating
  so fast, then gently lifted me off of his softening dick and turned me over.
  He replaced the plug to keep his come from leaking out all over me, but it
  slid in with ease now. He set me down on the toilet seat and straightened my
  clothes, washing off the little bit of come that got on my skirt and my juices
  off his stomach, and then buckled his belt. I was still weak so he picked me
  up, arranging my legs so I was decent, and carried me out to the theater. We
  stayed for the next movie, and I leaned over against him and fell asleep clutching
  his arm. Asleep, I could not see Anthony smile tenderly as he stroked my hair
  and kissed the top of my head.  
 I blinked my way awake as the lights came on in the theater. Shifting in
  my seat, I felt the coarse fabric of the theater seating on my bare bottom
  and a dull pain from the plug that is still inside me. Anthony extended his
  hand to help me up and we walked out of the theater with his arm around my
  waist. We had to walk slowly because of the tiny steps the 5-inch heels made
  me take and because of the plug in my still sore butt. I looked like the perfect
  little bimbo, happy to be arm candy, and I could feel the male stares all over
  my body. I thought we were leaving, so I was surprised when we headed toward
  the opposite end of the mall. We stopped in front of a shoe store and went
  in, then he rang the bell on the counter to get the salesman out of the back.
  Anthony walked me over to one of the low seats by the wall and when I tried
  to tug my skirt under me a little, he said, "Don't. From now on you will be
  sitting bare-assed." As I settled down on the plug and pulled out from under
  me the part of the skirt I had managed to sit on, I realized the pleats spread
  the skirt out in a circle around me and it would be obvious there was nothing
  between me and the seat.  
 "Can I help you?" the salesman asked, and I started to reply before I saw
  he was addressing Anthony instead of me, even though the shoes would clearly
  be for me, since it was a women's shoe store. He must have thought I was just
  another pretty airhead and Anthony would be making my choices for me and he
  did. "Yes, there was a pair of high heels out in the window with clear heels.
  I think they were about 6-inches. Could you bring them back here for Jessica
  to try on?" The salesman left, but not without looking me up and down, especially
  where my thighs came out of my skirt, and I knew the fact that I was sitting
  directly on the seat had not escaped his notice. He came back carrying a pair
  of shoes with clear heels that were indeed 6-inches, and he kneeled down in
  front of me. He reached behind himself for one of the metal foot sizers and
  asked Anthony "Do you want me to make sure it is the right size first?" Both
  him and Anthony were in front of me and I caught the pleading look in the salesman's
  eye as well as the spreading amusement evident on Anthony's face. "I think
  that would be best." Anthony said as he watched the salesman move toward me
  and take off my shoes. He did it slowly, reverentially and stroked my feet,
  tracing around my painted toenails before he set the metal sizer under one
  foot. I had to spread my knees slightly to let him bend over to see the numbers
  and when he looked up at me, his eyes froze halfway. I knew he was looking
  directly between my thighs at my naked pussy and the rising erection in his
  lap confirmed it. He finally tore his eyes away, looking guiltily at Anthony
  as he tried to shuffle his position so he couldn't see his erection. Running
  his hand over my foot again, he reached for the knob to tighten the sizer and
  brought it to the right size. Anthony said "She has some shoes in a smaller
  size. Could you see how low a size she can wear for me?" The salesman nervously
  licked his lips as he tightened the sizer further until a tear escaped from
  my eye and I gasped. His erection was really straining against his pants now
  and he gasped when I did. Anthony said, "That's good. Now can you get us some
  other shoes similar to this pair? We will need about 7 altogether." When the
  salesman had left at a sideways shuffle, Anthony leaned over and said "You
  have made him very excited and I bet it will be a few minutes before he gets
  back out here. " The salesman returned with his erection gone and several boxes
  in his arms, panting slightly. He tried the 7 pairs of shoes on me, caressing
  my feet as he did until he had to return to the back for a few minutes again.
  Anthony said "You know he is whacking off to you with your slutty stripper
  heels and the way you flashed your pussy at him." At this thought, I began
  to get wet as my old love of teasing men flared up again, leaving me warm and
  with my juices flowing. Anthony helped me up after he put my original shoes
  back on and we walked to the counter to pay for our purchases as the salesman
  returned. While leaving the store, Anthony said quietly "Look back." I did
  and I saw the salesman touching the wet spot I had left on the chair, then
  bringing his damp fingers to his nose while he closed his eyes for a second,
  inhaling my scent. "He's going to remember you." Anthony said as he smiled.  
 Paul sat on the changing room bench and eagerly turned me over his lap,
  licking his index finger as he spread apart my pussy lips. I started sobbing
  as he pushed his finger into me and he covered my mouth with his hand to muffle
  the sound. His finger bumped my hymen roughly and I jerked forward as Anthony
  said, "You had better not break that. Her cherry is mine." Paul rubbed it in
  amazement, feeling every inch as I felt his dick rise into my stomach. Paul
  pushed me off his lap, fumbling with his belt, clearly unable to wait any longer
  for his blowjob. After a brief struggle, he got his cock free and pulled my
  head over it by my hair, and then he pushed me down until my lips bumped the
  head. I took his entire cock into my mouth without having to deepthroat him
  and he only thrust into my mouth a few times before he came, splattering his
  come all over the inside of my mouth. I swallowed with a grimace. Paul's come
  didn't taste nearly as good as Anthony's did. "And she even swallows. Man,
  I don't know what you did, but I want to learn it." Paul said. "She just sucked
  off two guys in a dressing room and she wouldn't even fuck me after prom last
  year." Anthony turned me toward himself and wiped off a drop of come that had
  fallen on my chin. "Just get us the bags, Paul," he sighed. He rubbed my heaving
  back and I caught the pained look on his face. After Paul left, Anthony said
  ruefully, "You passed that test wonderfully. It was only a test, though, to
  see if you would really humble yourself for me. I really don't like to share
  my toys. And I don't plan on making you do that again, so don't worry." He
  handed me my clothes and I dressed while he packed the new clothes in the bags
  Paul brought.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





