BDSM Library - Learning




Learning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl, eager to experience true submission, signs on for more than even she can imagine when her boyfriend tests her limits and beyond.Learning  
by Thndrshark  
Part 1 of 5  
Ok, it was as much my fault as anybody. I had as much as asked for this,
  encouraging Adam to do what he wished. I just wished he didn't have so many
  vivid fantasies. I had no idea how long I had been down here. I was having
  trouble telling the passage of time. I was blindfolded, but could feel the
  bright spot of light splashing down on me. He had visited me twice so far,
  only to find some way to increase my pain. One element always remained the
  same; the long dildo shoved up my ass. It was soft on the outside, but hard
  inside, holding my body upright. The pole that ran up it was hollow, I figured
  out, by the stream of water that was being forced inside of now. The water
  was cold and I squirmed from the pressure of the icy liquid that now filled
  my bowels to near busting. I thought it might actually cause some damage, but
  suddenly it stopped. I was relieved, but the cramps began almost immediately,
  and I moaned behind the gag.  
 At first, it was the pole, with my ankles bound to my thighs and my arms
  bound behind me at wrist and elbow. A tight corset was laced to my waist, restricting
  my breathing to short pants through my nose. Add a posture collar, a huge ball
  gag and blindfold, and he left me. After a couple hours, I had begun to ache,
  my knees screaming from the harsh bend and the unrelenting stone floor. Then
  my shoulders began their burn. I could keep my elbows bound together for a
  long time, but my shoulders always began to hurt first. I couldn't scream,
  and I knew it wouldn't help. Any squirm or bounce forced the dildo farther
  up my ass, or ground my knees into the floor. I was miserable, but I could
  also feel the dampness build in my pussy. After awhile, I found if I flexed
  my butt, I could rise up and down on the pole, essentially fucking my own ass.
  A wash of humiliation spread across my face and I could feel tears well up.
  Of all things, I hated anal sex, and though the dildo up my ass was bad enough,
  the fact that I desperately wanted to fuck my own ass to get off seemed beyond
  my abilities to cope. I felt the blindfold dampen from the tears, but despite
  it all, I still began to move, forcing the hard object in and out of my anus.
  I couldn't help myself, even when the pain began to threaten my own consciousness.
  My own body betrayed me, and though I wanted to die from humiliation, I moved
  on the dildo, feeling an orgasm rising. The pain of the procedure made me come
  quickly. As I finished, the water inside of me ran out and I passed out.  
 &quot;Good morning, slave,&quot; he said, startling me. I had been unable
  to measure between waking and sleeping, each bearing their own level of torment. &quot;How
  have the last 48 hours been down here,&quot; he asked, knowing I couldn't answer.
  I could feel him fumbling with my gag, and after a moment, the large ball was
  pulled from my sore jaws. Just as quickly, he replaced it with a ring gag,
  then affixed a rubber strap with a hose in the middle, around my head. He attached
  an industrial strength syringe to the end and began pushing. I soon could feel
  a sweet sludge running into my mouth, and down my throat. &quot;This is a special
  mixture I made up, to keep you healthy. It doesn't taste so good, but you'll
  have to get used to it. It&quot;ll be the only thing you eat for the next six
  weeks.&quot; I groaned at that, knowing he had many things planned.  
 After feeding me, he replaced the ring gag with an inflatable gag, blowing
  it up until my jaws screamed. For a moment he disappeared, then I felt him
  tugging sharply on the laces to the corset. Despite the intense restriction,
  he was able to close it even more. I could imagine the sight of my waist, certainly
  into nearly an hourglass shape. He continued to pull, until my chest was so
  restricted I was afraid I wouldn't be able to inhale at all. But finally I
  felt him tie the laces off. As I concentrated on the simplicity of breathing,
  he leaned me back, helping my knees rise off the floor a bit. When he leaned
  me back forward, I screamed through the gag. He had placed some sort of sharp
  edge under my knees. I knew it wasn't actually sharp, in that it wouldn't cut
  my skin, but the edge added immeasurable pain to my knees, bringing tears to
  my eyes. I could hear him leave, and I wailed through the gag. I thought my
  knee caps would split under the force, and I knew I would have to endure this
  until he chose to return.  
 Ok, so call me curious. I never thought of myself as strange, just because
  I liked being submissive. My parents never understood the guys I dated, but
  they didn't understand us much anyway. My little sister and I never got along,
  so she avoided me like the plague. She was four years younger than me, and
  was easy to ignore. I didn't want their approval, just for them all to leave
  me alone. I had some fun to explore, and I intended to live out my fantasies.  
 I had met Adam at a &quot;vanilla&quot; function, but we somehow had gotten
  off on the topic of fetish. Before long, we were dating and experimenting in
  bondage and submission. He was almost ten years older than me, but he was rich,
  handsome and kinky. I couldn't ask for much more. I knew I was a catch. At
  only 22 years old, I looked 16, with long, lean legs and long dark hair that
  reached my middle back. I had always loved tight things, probably a cue to
  my love for bondage, and had spent whatever money I could on latex and leather,
  or anything that held me snug. On the night we met, I was wearing a lace number,
  a tiny dress that barely covered my ass, and really stretched around my breasts.
  At 5'6&quot;, 108 lbs, 38-22-34, I had quite a figure, and I loved wearing
  things that clung to that great shape.  
 Being a good looking 22 year-old woman, it was hard to just come out and
  tell people I was kinky. You figure it would be easy! The truth is that every
  nut case or semi-pervert would want me as their own, and that led to dangerous
  things like stalking. I had to be selective whom I told. I wanted to find someone
  that could support me in my interests, even expand my horizons, and do it in
  style. I had a little experience with submission, having found the odd boyfriend
  who was interested. I learned I enjoyed bondage, but wanted steel and leather,
  not soft rope. I also learned I was a masochist; the pain not exactly enjoyable,
  but certainly helpful in getting me off. But all the boyfriends before Adam
  couldn't afford to keep it up. They would spend their life savings on equipment
  for me, but could never sustain it in a lifestyle. And then there was Adam:
  Lots of money, a geologist working as a consultant, a huge house in Bel Air
  and a wildly kinky attitude.  
 For the first couple months, we explored together, getting more and more
  intense with our experiences. After our third date, he found a private party
  to attend. We drove up in a limousine to a house that miraculously rivaled
  his own. I was dressed in a slinky black number, excited to show off my new
  man, but when we stopped, he didn't open the door. Instead he turned to me.  
 &quot;It's time to up the ante,&quot; he said. Every time he said that,
  he had something new in mind. The last time, it was pulling a pony cart around
  his backyard. That was fun! This time, I wasn't sure what he meant. &quot;Strip.&quot;  
 For a moment, I looked at him, but then jumped to it, pulling the dress
  off my shoulders. I glanced forward at the limo driver, noticing him watching
  from the mirror, and my face blushed in embarrassment. But Adam had a serious
  look and I knew I couldn't stop. Soon I was naked, even without shoes.  
 &quot;Turn around and lift your hair.&quot; As I did I could feel something
  cold reach around my neck, then encircle it. I found myself staring back at
  the limo driver, my humiliation clear on my face, and his excitement on his.
  The metal, wide and heavy, fit perfectly, clinging to my neck as Adam did something
  in the back. &quot;Lower your hair now.&quot; I did so, holding my hands on
  my lap, but he could tell I desperately wanted to touch. &quot;Go ahead.&quot; My
  hands rose, feeling the cool metal snug around me neck. It was a good two inches
  wide, if not slightly more; not quite a posture collar, but more than a choker.
  a ring dangled from the front, but as my fingers traced the surface, they found
  no lock. The metal seemed seamless and perfect. A thrill ran through my body.  
 &quot;Hands behind your back.&quot; I obeyed instantly, and could feel him
  attaching more cold steel. As the wrist cuffs locked on, he pushed them together
  and with a click, locked into place. I could not pull them apart. He moved
  to just above me elbows, fitting wider cuffs there, then again pushing them
  together. My bare breasts forced out as my back arched, my shoulders bent backward
  and my elbows joined. Another click and they locked into position. I was no
  longer able to move my arms. He moved to my ankles, applying two more cuffs.
  These were joined by a scant three inches of chain.  
 &quot;I have a gift for you,&quot; he said, a smile on his face. Pulling
  a box from beside him, he produced a pair of ballet shoes. I groaned inwardly.
  A week ago, he had brought home a pair, and insisted I try them. I slipped
  them on, then pranced around the room for twenty minutes, boasting I could
  walk in them for hours. I could tell they excited them. I didn't want to admit
  my toes were screaming in pain, so I didn't. Now, I regretted it. I could say
  nothing as he fit them on my feet. Snapping a leather leash to my collar, he
  nodded to the limo driver who jumped out and ran to open the door for us. Adam
  stepped out, then with a tug on the leash, pulled me out. As I stood in the
  shoes, balancing myself on their points, feeling my toes begin to cram into
  the end, I could feel the limo driver's eyes on me. The cool air on my body
  made my nipples taught. He must have construed that as excitement.  
 &quot;She's a submissive slut, if I may say so, sir,&quot; the driver commented.  
 &quot;Yes, she is,&quot; Adam responded, admiring his prize.  
 As we stood in front of the door, I braced myself for some humiliation.
  I had come to believe this was another dominant/submissive party, where there
  would be other couples like us. I would feel the rush of embarrassment as I
  was greeted at the door, but once in amongst the other slaves, I would be ok.
  This would be the first party we had attended where I was fully naked and bound,
  but he always upped the ante in many stages at once.  
 The door finally opened, revealing a properly attired butler, who smiled
  at Adam, looked me up and down, then waved us in. Adam gave me a tug and I
  carefully stepped up the stoop into the ante room. Once inside, he dropped
  my leash as he took off his long coat, and I glanced around the room. Beside
  me, a tall mirror reflected my form, and I couldn't help but be excited by
  the sight. If I had any fault, I was vain. Standing in front of the mirror,
  I loved my own long legs, how the ballet shoes molded my already aching calves,
  my perfect ass and thin waist, and then my large breasts, made even more impressive
  by the arm bondage. My makeup was simple but perfect, and my long, dark hair
  cascaded down my back. I could see Adam had added a small rubber band near
  the top, holding it in a gathered manner so that it trailed down my back evenly.
  I could feel the leather leash dangling between my breasts, and swinging to
  subtly touch my bare pussy. I had been shaving fully since I was 14, and by
  now my skin was a smooth, stubble free surface. A strong depilitator had helped
  over the past year, and shaving was an every-other-month proposition at most.  
 Adam grabbed my leash, breaking my self admiration, tugging me off into
  the other room. I had to hurry to keep up, taking tiny, three inch steps, one
  quickly after the other. Focused so much on my feet, both the pain and the
  brisk pace, I didn't look up when the butler opened the main room. Once inside,
  Adam stopped to survey the crowd, and I glanced up. My knees buckled. The room
  was a ballroom size area filled with small tables and plush chairs. The entire
  room was filled with both men and women, all clearly affluent and beautiful,
  and all fully clothed. I understood now that I was the only visible slave in
  the group. I could feel my face burn with the heat of humiliation, tears streaming
  down my eyes, any trace of my arrogance before disappeared. I lowered my head
  in shame, and followed Adam into the room.  
 We were led to a chair near the middle. Adam took it, then tugged me to
  my knees beside him. He tied off the leash to the gnarled armrest end and promptly
  forgot me. I knew from limited experience that a slave kept her head bowed,
  avoiding eye contact, which was fine with me, ankles together, knees open and
  her back rigid and straight. The cool air tickled my bare clit and I knew despite
  my humiliation, I was wet. Adam enjoyed a drink, greeting friends and waving
  across the room. Now and then someone would approach, shaking his hand, then
  asking about me.  
 &quot;She's a slut I found at a party. She gave herself to me as a sex slave,
  and it's all I can do to keep her satiated.&quot;  
 &quot;Maybe you'd consider selling her?&quot;  
 &quot;Maybe,&quot; Adam said, startling me. &quot;Feel free to examine her.&quot; The
  man eagerly pushed my head back, feeling my breasts, pinching my nipples hard,
  then running his hand down to my crotch. Two of his fingers found my pussy,
  sinking in deep. He pulled them out.  
 &quot;You're right. Look at how wet she is,&quot; he said. He then grabbed
  my head and shoved it to the floor, the leash barely allowing me room to reach
  it. My ass stuck up in the air and, without preamble, the man shoved the same
  two fingers up my ass. I wanted to cry out, but was afraid to. Instead, a low
  moan erupted from my throat as he pumped them in and out.  
 &quot;She's enjoying that too much,&quot; Adam said with a chuckle, and
  the fingers pulled out. I rose back to my kneeling position, my face red again. &quot;Don't
  go away with those dirty fingers. She'll clean them for you.&quot; The man
  presented the fingers before me. I could smell my own ass on them, see some
  pussy juice as well. I opened my mouth, extending my tongue, and he shoved
  them inside. I sucked them clean, running my tongue up and around them, like
  sucking a cock, until the taste of my own pussy and anus was embedded in my
  mouth, and the fingers were clean. He pulled his hand away, and I let my head
  drop back down. I could feel tears growing again.  
 After a few more visits, with varied explorations, Adam was offered a cigar
  and joined by four other men, who pulled their soft chairs in a circle around
  me. Adam untied my leash, then had me crawl into the center. From his pocket,
  he removed a large ring gag, which he forced into my mouth. At first it didn't
  fit, but he soon realized that if he wedged the top behind my front teeth,
  with the rest at and angle into my mouth, he could slowly force the ring forward
  until it locked into position behind my lower teeth as well. I thought my jaw
  was going to dislocate. I had never had my mouth forced so wide. I could already
  feel my jaw muscles beginning to cramp from the distension, but Adam tied the
  strap off in back and began work on my hair. He quickly formed it into a ponytail,
  then threaded the end between my wrists. With a hard pull, he forced my head
  backward until I found myself staring at the ceiling. His hands left me and
  I could tell my head was locked this way.  
 For a long time I was ignored, though I could tell eyes were on my heaving
  breasts. After a short time, I could sense Adam leaning in toward me. But instead
  of making a change, his cigar found my mouth and with a tap, he knocked off
  the ashes onto my tongue. Still red hot, they seared me, making me cry out,
  then fell against the back of my throat. Soon, other men followed suit, dropping
  their ashes in as well. I began to cry, both from the pain, but also from the
  culmination of humiliation. Never before had I been used as such an object
  by as many people, treated like an animal. I could feel the tears falling onto
  my aching shoulders, then onto the floor. I was ignored, and soon more ash
  fell into my mouth. In resignation, I swirled it around with my tongue and
  swallowed it, accepting my role.  
End of Part 1  
Learning  
by Thndrshark  
Part 2 of 5  
 I discovered that if I leaned left for awhile, then right, I could take
  some of the pressure of my tortured knees. For what must have been hours, I
  did this, holding the slightly leaning position until the one knee still on
  the triangle couldn't stand it. I found myself getting wet again, but in trying
  to recreate the same motion to fuck my ass, I found the pain in my knees unbearable.
  I began to cry again, not from my inability to get the dildo up my ass more,
  but rather from the fact that I so desperately wanted to do it, and even that
  was taken from me. I tried everything, but could find no escape, and after
  hours found myself trying to endure the torture of my knees if only for a release.
  The orgasm came, but only just, and I fainted from the self-inflicted torture
  even as I was coming.  
 Adam took every opportunity to capitalize on my fantasies. I encouraged
  him, thrilled I had found someone who would not balk at the most bizarre fantasy.
  The thing I came to realize is that most of them were twisted fantasies that,
  once lived, were far too evil to endure. Unfortunately, I was forced to endure,
  and when done, my mind had broken to accept the new reality. After each experience,
  part of me wanted to ask Adam to ease up, but another part would stop me, not
  wanting to halt my chance to experience my dreams.  
 In quieter times, we would talk about our interests, sort of comparing notes.  
 "I've always wanted an ultimate slave girl," he said, with a gleam in his
  eye. "I want a girl I can take to the limit and beyond, someone I can transform
  into a real slave."  
 "Well, maybe I'm your girl," I said. I wasn't really sure I wanted to live
  out his fantasy. As he exposed me to more of his ideas, I found that a lot
  of what I had wanted were better as dreams rather than reality. Not that I
  didn't have fun, but I was a little afraid. "I mean, I would love to experience
  the life of a slave for a set period of time, see what it's like."  
 "I'd enjoy that," he said. "Maybe we should talk." And with that, he changed
  the subject. Just the look on his face made me nervous, but excited as well.  
 A week after my first experience as a slave at the party, Adam handed me
  a scrap of paper with an address on it.  
 "Show up at this room on Thursday at 11:00am," he ordered. I waited for
  further instructions, but he offered none.  
 The neighborhood proved to be seedy, and despite the late morning, I was
  still nervous. I hadn't worn anything revealing, but even my simple dress brought
  a lot of attention. I was happy to find the low rent hotel and, sliding quickly
  past the druggy attendant, made it to the stairs and headed up.  
 Knocking on the door, I was relieved to see Adam, who smiled and took my
  hand. The hallway alone instilled fear in me. The hotel was obviously used
  by many a prostitute or drug dealer, and it looked it. I wanted to ask Adam
  what was up, but knew better.  
 "I need to blindfold you, first," he said as he closed the door behind me.
  I turned my back to him and he slipped a soft leather pad over my eyes. He
  took my hand and led me into another room. "Take off your clothes." I obeyed,
  slipping my dress down. He had insisted I stop wearing bras or panties, which
  was exciting to me. The cool breeze that liked to run up my dresses was exhilarating.  
 Standing naked, I could feel him touch me feet, slipping off my low pumps
  and replacing them with something else. As I set my foot down, I found the
  new shoe with an immense heel that practically forced me onto my toes.  
 "Seven inch pumps," he mentioned as he put the other one on as well. While
  I teetered in them, I could feel a type of ankle cuff slipping on, then a lock
  clicking into place. "The shoes are now locked on," he said. "Just so they
  don't fall off." I didn't know what to say, so I didn't, focusing on the contorted
  position of my feet. The ballet shoes before had been painful, but these bent
  my toes back harshly, making my foot flex unnaturally. I wasn't sure how long
  I could stand in them.  
 Adam took my hand again, leading me a short distance, where he placed me
  in a particular place, setting my feet a good three feet apart. Once again
  I could feel him lace a strap around my elbows, then yank them together. A
  second strap held my wrists and he turned to the hair. Once again, he made
  a ponytail, then laced it through my elbow bondage, pulling hard until I grunted
  at the strain, my face pointing toward the ceiling and my neck bent back severely.
  He carefully bent me over at the waist, until I could tell my body was horizontal
  to the floor. He added a waist cincher, then a few attachments from it and
  from my elbow bondage.  
 "Hold that position," he ordered. I could hear metal against metal, as he
  attached some sort of apparatus around me, but nothing as yet was touching
  me. I began to relax a bit, letting my shoulders drop slightly, when I jerked
  back into position. Something sharp had poked me under my chin. I could hear
  Adam laugh as I froze in position, wondering what I was getting into. Finally,
  he removed my blindfold. He held a large mirror up so I could seem my predicament.
  Positioned around me were a series of metal bars, all holding sharp points
  close to my skin. A point held two inches below my chin was what had poked
  me. I could see two more like it on either side of my face, pointing at my
  cheeks. As he moved the mirror down a bit, I could see under me, and I moaned.
  Rings of needle sharp points were held around my dangling breasts, dangerously
  close to touching my skin. A group of four rubberized cords connected from
  each side of my waist belt and my elbow bondage to the ceiling. I could tell
  they were designed to save me if I should faint, but their stretch would still
  force the sharp points against me. To show me the danger, Adam reached out
  and pinched my nipple hard. I jerked back in reaction and my tit struck the
  side. The points were sharp and painful. It took me a moment to find the right
  center position, but finally I did. I looked up at Adam.  
 "I hired a pimp for you," he said. "He'll hire you out to as many men as
  he can get. They all know that you will suck their cocks or let them fuck you
  up the ass if they want. What they don't know is your situation. If you can't
  see, I've positioned spikes around you so if you move more than a couple inches,
  they will hit you. Some aren't too sharp, like the ones along your back, but
  others are, like the ones around your tits or up the inside of your legs. There's
  a whole pincushion positioned below your bare clit, so don't slump down at
  all either." Adam leaned closer, making sure I understood. "You'll be like
  this for almost five days. I want you to beg every man to let you swallow their
  cum. And you better swallow them all, because that's all the nourishment you'll
  get. And if I find out you weren't cooperative with any customer, I'll keep
  you like this for a month, but I'll block your mouth open so you won't have
  a choice." He patted me on the head. "Be a good whore now." And he left.  
 By Monday morning, I was sure I'd prefer to die. My legs were heavily cramped
  from such a long time standing in the horrible shoes. I could feel trickles
  of blood still running down my legs and breasts from my last near collapse.
  I had to struggle to avoid passing out, which would have been the worst thing
  to do. I could only taste cum now. My entire mouth was coated with the sticky
  film and my stomach full of it. I was coated head to toe with cum as well,
  not everybody able to hold out for my mouth, or not everyone granting my request.
  After my first half dozen "customers" I had realized a humiliating fact. When
  someone fucked my pussy, it was nearly impossible to keep from pressing my
  clit against the pad of needle sharp points below me. I knew I had to beg them
  to fuck my ass, knowing my mouth wouldn't be enough. As the door opened with
  my seventh customer, I groaned when he came into view. His pants already off,
  the large man was well hung. His cock must have been close to ten inches long,
  and nearly two inches wide. He was standing slightly behind and to the side
  of me, looking on wide eyed.  
 "Master," I said. I called them all master. "May this slave beg you to fuck
  her in the ass, then come in my mouth?" Tears began rolling down my face, the
  humiliation of asking for an ass fuck too much. So far only one man had used
  my ass. I could still taste my own feces from his cock.  
 "Well, bitch, it seems you don't have much of a choice. I think I'll fuck
  you in all your holes." I groaned as he stepped in front of me, holding the
  massive piece of meat to my lips. "Get me all nice and wet for your pussy,
  slave." I opened wide and he shoved it in, forcing it deep into my mouth. I
  frantically licked and sucked, feeling his cock hardening as it pushed down
  my throat even further. After a few minutes, he pulled out, then moved to my
  pussy, shoving in hard. I screamed, both from the shear size of his cock as
  well as the pressure of his body forcing me against the breast pins. As he
  sank in deep, the thickness pressed my clit out, pushing it hard against the
  pins. I screamed again and he began pumping, grinding my sensitive clit into
  the sharp points.  
 I struggled to stay alert and finally he pulled out. I was relieved, until
  I realized he meant to put his cock in my ass. I couldn't complain, so simply
  moaned as I felt the head touch my anus. With a strong shove that pushed my
  chin against the point beneath it, he forced his cock in, then began pumping
  in and out. My ass was on fire, and I was sure it would be ruined from tearing,
  but he ignored my tears and pumped hard.  
 After a few minutes, he pulled out and moved around to my face. I could
  feel my anus held wide open, as cool air touched my insides like never before.
  As I looked up, I could see the huge cock he held before my lips. Still glistening
  from my pussy juice, as well as a slight brown tint from my own ass, he pushed
  it toward me.  
 "I want to cum in your mouth, but don't swallow until I say, you hear?"  
 "Yes, Master." I opened my mouth, trying to fight back an urge to throw
  up. He placed the head and the first few inches on my tongue and I dutifully
  began to lick. The taste was horrible, far worse than the last cock that had
  been up my ass, but I was afraid of what Adam would do if he found out I had
  tried to refuse. I sucked and licked, new tears pouring down my face. I could
  tell he was close to coming, and I opened wide. With a burst, his load struck
  the back of my throat and quickly filled my mouth. I tried to keep it all in,
  but the volume was too much. I could feel some of it beginning to pour from
  my mouth, and down my chin.  
 "You bitch! How dare you waste my cum!" He forced his cock in deep, shoving
  it down my throat until I could no longer breathe. I panicked, not knowing
  what to do. This guy could kill me simply by letting me suffocate on his cock.
  I tried to appease him, licking and sucking on the part in my mouth, but I
  could feel consciousness fading. Just before I did, he pulled his cock from
  my throat and walked off. I struggled to maintain balance, wondering what my
  failure would bring next.  
 I met my pimp then, a large man with a bad temper.  
 "Mr. Pearce says you disobeyed him. I'd call your Master but I'd just as
  soon deal with this my way." With a sudden stroke, he landed a cane hard on
  my ass. I screamed in pain, but he added another and another stroke. I had
  no choice but to take it. Any motion to get away hurt just as bad. Even the
  force of the caning caused my knees to buckle, the points cutting into the
  skin on my legs, with my tits suffering the same. I cried openly, bawling out
  loud like a child as he laid stripe after strip on my ass and upper thighs.
  Finally, after what must have been fifty strokes, he quit.  
 "It will be worse if you disobey again," and he left.  
 In the depths of my humiliation, I obeyed. For the next three days, I serviced
  a man every fifteen minutes, with several double penetrations as well. I swallowed
  all the cum offered to me eagerly, not wanting to face any more punishment.
  For the first time ever I had reached a level of submission I didn't know existed.
  I was truly submissive, convinced that this was my lot in life and I would
  perform this duty until I died. My body became a group of holes designed to
  please these men only, serving no other purpose for me. By the end of my time
  as a slave/whore, I had been broken like never before.  
End of part 2  
Learning  
by Thndrshark  
Part 3 of 5  
 I was attended to again in my dungeon. The sharp edge was removed from under
  my knees, making the hard stone of the floor seem almost soft. My posture collar
  was removed. My legs were unbound, allowing them to flex for the first time
  in at least four days. The muscles screamed as blood rushed back into them,
  and I whimpered in silence. Once again, I could tell Adam was making a pony
  tail and, after a few minutes of rest, he lifted my legs back up. This time,
  however, he pulled on my ponytail until my head was arched back again, then
  tied thin straps laced in my hair to my big toes. After he released me like
  this, I could feel something pushing against my back. Two dull spikes were
  cranked against my middle back, slowly forcing me to arch my back even more
  to reduce the pain. As I arched, he retied the straps to my toes, taking up
  any slack, until my body was harshly bent into a severe U shape. He fumbled
  with the dildo pole for a moment, to what purpose I couldn't tell, then attached
  something around my waist and between my legs. I could feel a small device
  resting against my clit, and quickly realized it was a vibrator. He then fed
  me again, and after re gagging me, left.  
 For a second I remained frozen, afraid to move against the spikes, trying
  to come to terms with the burning pain that had already started in my lower
  back. When the vibrator turned on, it made me jump, which was a painful motion.
  But the attention to my clit was enough to wash away all pain. I immediately
  began to orgasm, delirious from passion. But just as I was about to climax,
  the vibrator stopped. I screamed into the ceiling in frustration.  
 For hours the sequence repeated itself, until I was hoarse from my screams
  of frustration and pain. After the fifth time, my clit had become incredibly
  sensitive, and now the stimulation was both exciting and painful. The two began
  to merge, and the pain became as much as a motivation as the stimulation. Animal
  passion took over and I tried to ride the dildo to bring myself to orgasm.
  But as I flexed up and down, ignoring the spikes grinding into my back, I realized
  I was no longer moving the dildo in and out of my ass. With a cry of despair,
  I realized that Adam had adjusted the pole to ride with me. As I fought with
  the emotion of this discovery, the vibrator turned on again.  
 After two days, I no longer cared. Despite the multitudes of times the vibrator
  brought me close to orgasm, I was never allowed to release, and the pain of
  this rivaled even the intense pain of my contorted back, or my bent neck. When
  Adam returned, I felt a wave of submission cover me, desperate to do anything
  for this, my Master.  
 "Slave, I'm going to pierce you now," he said. The thought scared me, but
  only in a distant way. My mind seemed to understand that this is how a slave
  would be treated. Either way, I could show no sign either way. He neither removed
  my bondage nor lessened it. Instead, I felt him press a needle against my left
  nipple, and the force it through. My head exploded from the pain. For what
  seemed like hours he continued punching holes in my body. My consciousness
  faded in and out. I could tell he had pierced my nipples three times each,
  the hardware there adding to the humiliation I already wallowed in. I could
  just feel the presence of the metal weighing my nipples down, but my mind had
  trouble focusing on anything but my desire to submit. I cold feel him touching
  my face, and soon I felt metal being pushed up my nose. Just as I figured out
  what he intended, the metal clamped down hard on my septum and a wave of indescribable
  pain coursed through my mind. I could hear myself scream behind the gag, but
  my own consciousness cut it off, as I passed out.  
 When I woke, I could feel an ebbing ache on my face. To my surprise, my
  gag was removed, but I was unable to move my tongue. Something was holding
  it extended from my mouth, and I could tell he had put several holes through
  it as well. My upper lip could feel the weight of a ring that now dangled from
  my nose. I could feel my face flush with embarrassment. In one of our many
  discussions about our interests, I had made it clear how I never wanted a nose
  ring. The thought alone was far too humiliating. Now, I had one, and another
  small part of myself slipped away.  
 I could tell there was more coming, but Adam was waiting for something.
  For a second, there was just silence, as I shifted again, trying to find a
  way to adjust to the strenuous position. Suddenly, the vibrator activated again,
  and I moaned out loud. My clit was engorged from the nearly constant, two day
  stimulation, and any contact both hurt and excited me. I could feel my blindfold
  growing damp again from my own tears, and despite the way my tongue was being
  held, I tried to beg for release. The words were gibberish, but I tried anyway,
  desperately willing to do anything to stop the torture. But once again, it
  continued, drawing me toward orgasm, but now an orgasm that bore no resemblance
  to a thing of pleasure. To me, the final release was an unreachable goal, and
  the stimulation that brought me closest the worst pain a person could bear.  
 I could feel my heart quickening; my breath came in rapid pants through
  my punished nostrils, as my body began to respond. But as I neared an orgasm,
  the vibrator shut off again, and I broke into sobbing tears once again, knowing
  I would never be allowed to rest.  
 "I am going to give you release now, slave," Adam said, his breath warm
  against my ear. "But it will come at a cost. I am going to pierce your clit,
  which in time, will desensitize it, and make you unable to orgasm. If you tell
  me not to, I won't pierce you, but I will leave you in this torture for another
  two days." My mind reeled with the concept. I wanted nothing more than to orgasm
  now, to release my body from the ultimate pain. In my fogged mind, I didn't
  care about tomorrow, only about now. I nodded as best as I could, agreeing
  to the final piercing.  
 I could feel Adam removing the vibrator. My body tensed for the pain, and
  as I felt the needle press against my nub, I began to cry again. As the needle
  punctured my clit, I screamed again, in a combination of pain and humiliation.
  The pain itself had betrayed me, sending me into an orgasm that stole consciousness
  from me. The final realization, as I slipped from consciousness, was that Adam
  had stolen even this last orgasm from me. I passed out as the needle exited
  the other side, and Adam slipped the ring through the hole.  
 Before my time in the basement, I had agreed to be a slave for six months.
  I'm not sure what came over me. After my stint as a forced prostitute, I thought
  I had gone too far. I vaguely remember being released from my position in the
  hotel room, being carried to bed at home, and falling to sleep. My dreams were
  confused and blurry, my mind having trouble deciding what was real and what
  was a fantasy. Waking failed to help at first. The bedroom had been covered
  in lacy white drapes, and the bed itself was soft and white, plush and comfortable.
  As I woke and turned over for the first time, I felt a tug on my neck. Reaching
  up, I found a wide, seamless steel collar fit snuggly on me. Seemingly made
  for me exactly, the collar held me more firmly than I could imagine. The only
  break I could find in the surface was the heavy ring dangling from the front,
  and the heavy chain connected to it. Following it with my hands, I found it
  locked to a ring mounted in the wall beyond the head of the bed. Otherwise,
  I was naked.  
 Though I was restricted to the bed by my collar, I didn't seem to care.
  I fell back to sleep again, and my dreams seemed to settle down.  
 A week later, I felt almost normal. Adam treated my bizarre experience as
  a whore as just another adventure, speaking of it like a fun game we had shared.
  I tried to do the same, but each reminder of my time in that room reminded
  me just how low I had fallen. Soon, even Adam got tired of talking about it,
  and as he let it go, I found I could, too. But soon after that time, he opened
  up a new subject that I wasn't sure I wanted to discuss.  
 "So, remember when we talked about you being my slave for a period of time?" It
  seemed like years ago, but had only been a couple months.  
 "I remember," was all I could say.  
 "Well, I wanted you to start thinking about that again."  
 "I'm not sure it's a good idea we talk about that now. Can you give me some
  time?" Adam nodded, letting it go. Though he had dropped it then, the next
  few weeks were careful engineering on his part. He didn't expose me to anything
  too bizarre, focusing on only the more sensitive, delicate side of our relationship.
  We almost felt like a normal couple, going on dates, spending quiet times together,
  even walking on a beach. After the first two weeks, even I was getting bored.
  By the fourth week, I found myself bringing up the subject of kink again.  
 "I know I wanted some time, but I didn't want you to stop everything," I
  said, teasing him.  
 "Ok, but I wanted to make sure you were ok."  
 "I'm ok." We were at home, reading by a fire, my cold feet tucked under
  his leg. He set his book down, stroking my leg.  
 "Maybe we should talk a little more about what you want."  
 "That's a good idea." I dove right in. " I have to admit that I like the
  idea of being your slave, Adam. You've certainly shown me just what submission
  can be. When I dream of things like this, I find myself losing control, being
  taken farther than I even want to. I figure if we do just what I want, then
  it won't be true submission. Besides, I do enjoy some humiliation. The feeling
  of being totally exposed, totally used, gets me so excited I can barely control
  myself."  
 "Maybe you should tell me what you don't want."  
 "Well, I certainly don't want to lose any limbs &ntilde; permanently," I
  laughed, knowing he wouldn't go that far, or at least I thought. "I wouldn't
  want to be permanently damaged, but long term bondage or restriction would
  be interesting."  
 "How about body modifications?"  
 "Like what?"  
 "Well, like waist training, breast enlargement, piercings&Ouml;"  
 "I think that's fine. I've always wanted to experience waist training, and
  I can't imagine slightly larger breasts would be a problem. Piercings are one
  of my fantasies, so that is fine." I could see a glint in his eye again. I
  must have hit on a chord.  
 "How about pain and torture?" I shuddered at the concept, only because I
  feared what his mind would invent.  
 "I guess as long as there's no permanent damage again. I'm a bit of a masochist,
  as you know, and have never really explored that. I don't think I'm way into
  it, but I can' really answer that without doing some of it."  
 "Ok. So are there things that you don't really like but wouldn't really
  put on the &euml;absolutely no' list?"  
 "I really hate anal penetration. I don't get anything out of it and it hurts.
  I would prefer, if I were your slave, that none of my friends know. I doubt
  you'd want to tell many of them, considering you don't really like them much.
  Oh, and I'm not really into any sort of golden shower stuff." Adam nodded,
  seeming to consider all this.  
 "I can live with all that. Do you want to set a time we start this?" I felt
  the rush of excitement and dread building in my body. I both wanted to try
  this and to run away as fast as possible.  
 "How long are we talking?"  
 "How about a year?" My heart skipped a beat. I hadn't been prepared for
  that.  
 "That's a long time. Can we do it for six months?" Adam frowned, and I was
  about to give in, until he spoke.  
 "Ok. Six months." It wasn't until later that I remembered he had suggested
  that length before, and I had planned to suggest three. The thought made me
  nervous.  
 After six weeks in the basement, life returned to almost normal, despite
  the fact that I was now being kept as a slave. I remained naked except for
  a heavy corset always laced to my body, a seamless steel collar locked snuggly
  to my neck, and cuffs on my ankles, held together with a short four inches
  of chain. The collar and cuffs made me nervous. After days of examination,
  I couldn't find any key holes, or even much of a seam. They seemed to be quite
  permanent. Even the chain connecting my ankles together was welded on to the
  rings mounted in the side of the cuffs. I knew they weren't permanent. He had
  to put them on my someway, but the sense that there was no visible way to get
  them off increased my feelings of helplessness.  
 My elbows remained locked together behind my back, two metal cuffs locked
  on just above my elbows, which were crossed in the middle of my back, then
  connected together with some sort of rivet. Once they clicked in place, I found
  I couldn't bend or twist them; the two cuffs seemed to be mounted firmly to
  each other. My wrists were pulled to opposite sides of my body, so my left
  wrist was on my right side, and my right wrist on my left side. Both had cuffs
  that were connected to the sides of my corset, holding them in place. My hands
  were fit into special gloves that restricted their use. Each finger fit into
  separate rubber sleeves, which were connected to each other along their lengths.
  Only the last joint of every finger was free and able to move independently,
  though still covered in rubber. The limited movement was made even more difficult
  by the fact that my left and right hands were reversed, making it hard to manage.
  I figured it out eventually, but it was hard.  
 I quickly discovered one change Adam had made during my time in the basement.
  For the six weeks I was there, he told me he had fed me a breast hormone laced
  in the food. I had agreed to some enlargement, but I had grown from a 38C to
  what I estimated was now a 38DD. My breasts were heavy, offsetting my balance
  and adding a new level of humiliation. The arm bondage pulled my shoulders
  back, pushing my breasts out even farther, making it impossible for me to avoid
  displaying them. One of our conversations, when we had first met, was our love
  for extreme bondage and fetish art. Many of the examples I had shown Adam were
  of women completely modified, with massive breasts that dwarfed their own bodies.
  I knew that most of this was fantasy, but I also worried that he would make
  every effort to make that twisted fantasy come true.  
 Adding to my humiliation was the wide selection of piercings he had added
  to my body. I remember, during that intense moment of pain and pleasure, as
  he had put holes in my nipples, nose and clit, but apparently after I lost
  consciousness, he had continued his work. My clit now had two rings, one smaller
  one through my actual clit, with another heavier one behind it. The result
  was a decorative ring that was slowly desensitizing my tender nub, with another
  designed to be used for heavier torment or restriction. My nipples now had
  three piercings, two rings and one rod, through each. A heavy ring was seated
  at the back of my nipple, resting in a metal pathway much like a grommet. Halfway
  up the nipple, a rod was set, then at the tip, a smaller ring dangled, a small
  bell connected to it. I hated the bells, since each movement reminded me of
  my piercings. Two rings dangled from my septum now. Much like my nipples, a
  larger, heavier ring was set in a grommet channel, with a smaller ring set
  just below it. My tongue had the most piercings of any body part, so far. At
  the end, a thick ring had been placed, with small rods placed from there down
  the sides. The rods were fit snuggly, squeezing my tongue tightly. At the top
  the rod ended in large balls that Adam enjoyed when I gave him a blow job.
  Two more rings were placed near the back of my tongue, on either side. They
  weren't effective for much except inhibiting my speech patterns. The result
  of all the tongue piercings made it difficult for me to talk, or be understood.
  After two weeks, I found myself not wanting to speak, and this control added
  to the humiliation that was building in me.  
End of part 3  
Learning  
by Thndrshark  
Part 4 of 5  
 My life began to settle into a type of routine, however bizarre it might
  be. I rarely if ever slept in bed with Adam now. Typically, he would lead me
  by a leash into the bedroom at night, unlock my wrists from my waist and reattach
  them together behind my back. Fairly early on, he realized that this little
  change allowed enough adjustment in my circulation to avoid having to unbind
  my elbows. Each night, he would find new ways to use me, and with little control
  over my own body, I was forced to submit. His favorite was adding a spreader
  bar between my knees, then folding me up so the short chain between my ankles
  would fit behind my neck. On my back like this, I was completely vulnerable.
  Adam would begin by cropping my bare pussy until I cried, then enter my asshole
  roughly. He knew the anal penetration was the worst thing to me, and he fucked
  me with relish, watching my face with a smile as I continued to cry. Once close
  to orgasm, he would pull out and crawl up near my face, ordering me to extend
  my tongue. With that he would come on my tongue. The twist he enjoyed the most,
  was ordering me not to swallow. He would unhook my legs, pull me to the floor
  and chain me, usually by the large nose ring, to a heavy ring set in the floor
  beside the bed.  
 "I saw how much come was in your mouth, slave," he would say. "I expect
  to see it still in your mouth in the morning." He would then climb into bed
  and fall asleep, leaving me bound on the floor, the sticky goo of his orgasm
  coating my mouth.  
 Early on in this game, I had swallowed once, and regretted it ever since.
  He had returned me to the basement for a week of constant punishment. After
  that time, I never disobeyed him again.  
 By morning, he would unchain me, then take off the corset. I would be led
  into a bathroom, and into a glass shower stall with dual shower heads. My first
  response anywhere was to kneel, and would spend the first ten minutes on the
  floor of the shower as Adam washed himself. He would then lift me to my feet,
  connecting a cable from the ceiling to my nose ring, then pull the opposite
  end until I was on my toes, tying the end off to a mount on the wall. He would
  then carefully clean me, check my various piercings and soap me down. A hose
  connected to the water flow would be forced up my ass, and the water shifted
  from one of the shower heads into me. Adam would keep it in me until he could
  see my stomach distended, then pull the hose out and quickly replace it with
  a butt plug. Next the hose would go up my pussy, the sharp flow washing me
  out thoroughly. Sometimes he would give me the enema first, forcing me to endure
  the cramping in my intestines while he leisurely washed my hair or examined
  my piercings. Once through, though, he would lead me by the nose to the toilet,
  allowing me to release. He had installed a bidet, so I was then washed off
  again by warm water. This part became one of the few things I looked forward
  to each day.  
 He next laced me back in my corset. At the beginning of all this, I had
  a 22 inch waist. The third corset he had recently put on me would close to
  16 inches. I knew it wasn't closed, and may never, but I figured I had to be
  down to 19 inches at least. He had a heavy posture collar mounted on a short
  bar extending from the wall in the bathroom, and this is how he held me in
  place as he tugged on the laces. I couldn't see anything but the wall five
  inches in front of my face, but I could feel him pulling harder and harder,
  and I could feel my waist being forced into a tiny form. From the trouble I
  was having with breathing, I had no doubt I was small. Finally, he reattached
  my wrists to the sides of the corset.  
 The rest of the day consisted of me waiting at his side in his office, kneeling
  with my legs spread wide and my head bowed. I would hold absolutely still for
  hours on end, knowing that if my nipple bells rang, I would receive a harsh
  punishment. From time to time, he would order me to crawl under the desk and
  pleasure him, often to multiple orgasms. I learned quickly how to use the piercings
  in my tongue up and down his cock to make him come quickly. I knew from my
  night experiences, that I shouldn't swallow his come, holding it in my mouth.
  For the first few weeks, I had to struggle not to gag on it. As the thick,
  sticky liquid cooled down, it congealed, and the taste turned from sweet to
  sour. I hated swallowing it then, but the permission to do so was enough of
  a reward that I didn't mind it much.  
 Now and then, Adam would invite friends over, then order me to pleasure
  them. I hated this, because most of them were not fetish friends, but open
  minded normal friends of his. Seeing me as a slave at his feet, pierced and
  bound, sent them into hysterics. I was ordered to beg them, in my slurred speech,
  to fuck me up the ass. Some of them could tell I truly hated this from the
  humiliated expression I couldn't conceal, but they all tried to give me what
  I wanted.  
 I figured I had been Adam's slave for nearly four months by now. Catching
  sight of myself in the mirror brought tears to my eyes, as I didn't recognize
  myself. My breasts had grown even larger now, and though they retained the
  perfect shape of my originals, the size had grown immensely. Large enough now
  to press against each other, when I turned my back to the mirror, I could see
  at least a third of each breast extending away from my sides. I was secretly
  glad, in a twisted way, that I wore the corset. The weight of my own breasts
  now would have made standing a pain on my back.  
 My waist was so small that, combined with my breasts, I had an exaggerated
  hourglass shape now. I knew Adam had trouble finding any more room to lace
  the corset tighter, and though it wasn't closed, it couldn't be more than an
  inch and a half from it.  
 I had begun to forget what it was like to be free. After days of the same
  routine, of being totally controlled, and living with my body changes and piercings,
  I couldn't really remember what it was like without it all. In the back of
  my mind, I knew that my six months would come eventually, but I wondered if
  I would notice.  
 Adam announced that a special guest was coming over that night, and that
  I was to be on my best behavior. I was cleaned up before dinner, then led to
  the living room. Adam had setup a short pole in the middle of the room. He
  moved my wrists back behind my back, locking them in place, then had me kneel
  on the floor in front of the pole. My ankles were clqmped to the base, as were
  my knees, then he had me rise up. Fumbling behind my neck, I could feel him
  affixing something to my collar. When he stepped back, I found I was locked
  between kneeling down and up on my knees. Connecting something to the pole
  halfway up, I could hear him turning something. Soon, a sharp point touched
  my back, making me arch my back to avoid it. As I did, he cranked it more.
  I cried out in pain as my back touched the point, and arched even more, despite
  the pain it created. He soon stepped back again. I was having trouble holding
  the extreme arch of my back, but had no choice if I didn't want to feel the
  sharp spike. I couldn't turn my head at all, and couldn't shift my legs. As
  tears built in my eyes, I realized I would have to hold the position until
  released. Adam smiled, wiping away the tears, then quickly brushed my hair.
  Finally, he pushed a ring gag into my mouth, strapping it on. I hadn't been
  gagged since I was released from the basement, so I knew this was a unique
  night. I couldn't even imagine what he had planned.  
 After holding my position for what must have been an hour, I was moaning
  in pain and frustration. When the doorbell rang, I was almost relieved, realizing
  that whatever was to happen, it would happen soon. The doorway was dark, and
  across the room, but I was sure I could only see one person enter. Slipping
  a coat off, I saw a young girl, dressed in a short skirt and tight cotton top,
  her face hidden as she turned away from me. I couldn't help but be angry. Adam
  had never needed another girl, and he knew I didn't like girls that way. My
  anger made me forget my exposed position. I realized then that the arch to
  my back made me force my huge tits out, the position highlighting my tiny waist
  and large chest. I didn't want anyone to see me like this, much less another
  woman, especially one who wasn't a slave. I figured I could handle another
  slave girl, but not some mistress that would do things to me.  
 Adam took the girl's hand and led her into the room. The tears in my eyes
  from the growing humiliation clouded my sight, making it hard for me to see
  the girl. I found myself closing my eyes anyway, not wanting to see my own
  humiliation reflected in this stranger's face.  
 "And here's the surprise I told you about," Adam said to the girl.  
 "Wow! She looks so hot!" The girl's voice echoed through my shocked head.
  I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "When you told me that my sister was
  your slave, I didn't really believe you." As Cindy got closer, I opened my
  yes to see the wide grin on her face. She leaned over me, examining my face. "Hello,
  Laura. Bet you never thought you'd see me again, did you?" I closed my eyes,
  humiliated that my bitch of a sister was able to see my like this.  
 "I don't think she's happy to see you," Adam chuckled.  
 "I'm not surprised. She and I never got along. I guess I was always jealous
  of her body." I felt Cindy's fingers trace down my chest, cupping my huge tits
  in her hands. "I always thought she had perfect breasts, but now, these must
  really humiliate her."  
 "Feel free to examine her now, but you'll get plenty chances to do more
  later." I groaned at that, knowing that Adam didn't intend this to be just
  a short visit with my little sister. Cindy noticed this, leaning back into
  my face. Her thin finger slipped through my large nose ring, yanking it hard,
  bringing tears to my eyes.  
 "I guess Adam never told you, sis," she said, an evil tone to her voice. "He
  and I have been dating since you became his slave. I'm moving in with him,
  so you can be my slave, too!" I erupted in tears at this revelation, knowing
  that not only would I have to pleasure a woman, that I would have to endure
  my own sister's ideas of revenge from our childhood. As her fingers yanked
  and twisted my nipple rings, then my clit rings, I couldn't help but cry, feeling
  the tears rolling off my cheeks.  
End of part 4  
Learning  
by Thndrshark  
Part 5 of 5  
 My little sister and I grew up quite different. For some reason, my parents
  seemed to favor me early on, and I'm sure this contributed to Cindy's anger
  toward me. We never got along as kids, and as I grew older she resented me
  heavily. Just after I graduated from high school, I started dating a guy still
  in school. It wasn't until later I found out that Cindy had a major crush on
  him and blamed me for missing her chance. From that point on she hated me.
  I moved out shortly after, and we hadn't spoken since.  
 I reflected on this for the two days I had my mouth strapped to her pussy.
  Adam had bound me into a harsh hogtie, then with rubber blocks at the back
  of my teeth, wedged my mouth open wide. Placing a heavy rubber hood over my
  head, the only part of me that was still visible was my mouth. With a series
  of straps, he arranged my mouth so that it fit snuggly over Cindy's clit and
  pussy, then locked my head into place. For two days Cindy stayed in bed, encouraging
  me to use my tongue on her with the help of a long bamboo cane. I had never
  touched another woman's crotch, much less my sister's, so the experience was
  less than desirable for me. The pungent taste of her pussy made me nearly vomit,
  and the thought of bringing her to orgasm was out of the question. But after
  a series of heavy strokes from the cane, the pain drove me to move past my
  wishes in an effort to stop the punishment.  
 After a month, we fell into a very strange routine. The humiliation of being
  dominated by my own little sister had dropped to a dull ache that invade my
  soul every waking moment. Somewhere inside of me, I remembered that my six
  months would be up soon, but it was hard to imagine that day coming.  
 Adam had given control of me over to Cindy exclusively, showing her the
  facilities and tools she had at her disposal and letting her decide my daily
  duties. Twice he had to stop her from doing serious harm to me, both from a
  lack of knowledge of the device as well as her desire to truly punish her big
  sister. Almost immediately after moving in, Cindy had shaved my head, removing
  any signs of hair from my body. Seeing my long hair on the floor, and hearing
  her describe the heavy depilatory cream she was smearing over my bald skin,
  made me realize just how bad things could get. It wasn't until, only days later,
  she had "Cindy's slave" tattooed on the back of my head that I began to sink
  beyond submission into despair.  
 Morning consisted of me tongue drying Cindy after her shower, with extra
  effort placed on her pussy and ass. The rest of the day had me serving as her
  chair or foot stool when not pleasuring her orally. Despite my hatred of her
  and of pleasuring a woman, I became quite adept at it, learning how to swirl
  my tongue over her clit to bring her to the quickest orgasm. Sometimes this
  ended my duties early, but other times I was encouraged to bring her back to
  orgasm time and time again. Much to my dismay, she discovered how great my
  tongue piercings felt on her ass, and soon I was frequently tonguing her sphincter
  for hours at a time. She kept me naked at all times, even when she and Adam
  were fully clothed, and always when guests were around, when I would often
  find myself beneath the table the entire evening, sucking cock or pussy until
  the early morning hours, or until Cindy found another way for everybody to
  torment me.  
 Nights were the worst. Adam had shared my distaste for anal penetration
  with Cindy, and she quickly incorporated that into my late night torment. I
  was mounted to a metal frame that forced me to bend at the waist, a steel collar
  locking snugly around my neck with another that fit around my forehead and
  pulled back. The positioning of the frame had me nearly dangling over the bed,
  forcing me to watch each night as Adam and Cindy made love. I couldn't help
  cry, my tears dripping down onto the bed near their feet. It had been so long
  since Adam and and I had made love like that, and I realized that it would
  never happen again. Usually, just as I was feeling the most miserable, the
  timer on the fucking machine would start, firmly pushing the thick dildo deep
  into my ass. The machine would start slow, then pick up in intensity until
  I was being rammed with a fury, before stopping abruptly, retracting and leaving
  my anus gaping wide. It would restart soon enough, the random timer activating
  throughout the night, even after Adam and Cindy had fallen asleep in each other's
  arms.  
 I didn't even notice when I was left alone in the living room. For the past
  month I hadn't been left alone at all, nor had I not been with Cindy the entire
  time, providing some service or another. This time, when Adam walked into the
  room without Cindy, I felt something was up. I had long since avoided the urge
  to look in his eyes. Instead, out of pure instinct now, I maintained my submissive
  pose, back straight, head bowed, knees spread wide to show my piercings. By
  this time I had lived without the use of my arms for many months, and though
  I could feel them, they had not been free for use and thus were simply useless
  parts of my body, like my ear lobes. I also hadn't been allowed to speak for
  over four months, and had trouble even making sounds other than those screams
  of pain I was accustomed to emitting.  
 Adam had taken a seat in front of me and I could tell he was looking me
  over, which made me take stock of my situation. My breasts must have been a
  massive 38HHH, so large they pressed against each other while still occluding
  my legs on the sides. I could just see the rings and rods through my nipples,
  the tiny bells still dangling from the ends. I certainly couldn't see my waist,
  but I knew there was a harsh corset there, folding me into a tiny hourglass,
  though I had become so accustomed to the corset that I could barely imagine
  life without its crushing presence.  
 My self assessment was interrupted by Adam's voice. "I wanted to tell you
  your six months are up," he said. It took me a minute to realize what he was
  saying. "I realize you've been through a lot and you might be looking forward
  to release, but I wanted to point out a few things you should consider. First,
  your breasts are permanently modified to their current size, which is far too
  large to measure, by the way. You'd have trouble finding any clothing to fit
  you at this point, especially considering your waist. At 17 inches, you can't
  really ever go without the corset since your breasts are so heavy now. It'll
  take some months before you can use your arms again, not because they're damaged
  but because they have little muscle tissue left. Also, your hair on your head
  may grow back, but it'll probably take a couple years." As he talked, I knew
  he was right. I had gone down a road that few could ever return from.  
 "And one last thing," he hesitated, having trouble saying it. "Cindy and
  I are in love&Ouml; and we're getting married." I felt my stomach fall out.
  I had always assumed when I was released Adam and I would return to some normalcy,
  but I now knew this was hardly possible. "We're moving to an estate I bought
  in Europe. So, I have three options for you. First, you could be released,
  but I don't know how you would survive in your modified state, how you would
  work or even live. Second, I know a professional Master I can sell you to.
  He'll keep you as a slave permanently, probably rent you out or whatever, but
  you'd be his. Or&Ouml; you could be our slave." The choices were too much to
  consider quickly, but I knew what my decision would be. I let the tears roll
  down my cheeks as my destiny became clear.  
Epilogue  
 The country road was easy to maneuver as I trotted up the small hill. I
  could feel Cindy grab the reigns with one hand, which made me brace for what
  came next. The buggy whip whistled through the air and struck the side of my
  right breast, leaving a heavy welt on my already marked skin and making me
  cry out. But the application worked; I dug harder into the road with my toes
  and trotted up the hill. As we crested the rise, I could see the estate in
  the distance, and both the downhill incline and my haste to be put back in
  my stall made me trot faster.  
 It had been three years since that fateful decision. Almost immediately
  upon arrival at our new home, Cindy had insisted I become a permanent ponygirl.
  I had been led to a hay filled stall, my nose ring hooked to a chain dangling
  from a ring in the middle, and left. That was the last I saw of the house or
  any comfort. Shortly afterwards, a blacksmith had fit my feet with custom pointe
  frames, a metal toe enclosure that fit snug to my feet, with a metal panel
  that rose over the bottom of my feet and to a wide ankle cuff. The metal contraption
  was designed to lock my feet into a ballet position with the minimum of visible
  device. I now had no choice but to continually walk on my toes.  
 A bit device had been added soon after, placed over the holes in my tongue
  from the removed piercings, then riveted in place. I would forever have the
  bit locked to my face. The result removed any ability to speak coherently,
  and thus I never tried again. Slowly but effectively, I was reduced to an animal.  
 Adam came to visit once in awhile, and often I pulled both of them on warm
  summer evenings. I wasn't allowed to see too much on most trips, with blinders
  in place and my chin forced high by a sharp point held beneath my chin, but
  I could tell they were happy. I often cried on those rides, my tears drying
  slowly in the soft breeze.  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thndrshark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





