BDSM Library - A Mother's Submission 2




A Mother's Submission 2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a continuation of Diane's travel on the road to self awareness and fulfillment...and much more.  The story continues with the original cast of characters and resumes the tale at the last eposide of A Mother's Submission.Three hours later, Diane slowly roused herself from a very, very deep sleep.
  As consciousness crept over her, the sound of her blood rushing in her head
  and the throbbing of her body in time with her heart brought back the earlier
  events of the morning. The backs of her legs, her bottom, her stomach and the
  fronts of her thighs were all sore and she could barely move without starting
  a dull throb of pain somewhere. She remembered her fear, Janet's reluctance
  to punish her, and then she remembered the pain and she felt her stomach turn
  over.  
She gingerly pushed herself up and sat on the edge of the bed. Every move
  caused something to hurt, she smelt of sex and sweat, and felt encrusted with
  her juices. As she sat there, fear again rose in her. The thought of Janet
  going back to New York and leaving her to fend for herself and the girls was
  almost enough to start her crying again. Instinctively she knew that if Janet
  ever left, her husband wouldn't waste a minute in having her committed and
  she knew that this time she would never again be free. Her daughters would
  become her husband's playthings and all that she hoped for would be lost.  
Just then, Janet walked into the bedroom drying her hair after her shower.
  She wore a short, red terry cloth robe and as always looked refined and relaxed. "So
  you are awake at last. You had a rough go of it, but you endured your punishment
  well and I am proud of you. You really tried to prove to me that you are going
  to work hard and help me make you a better person. But I hope you realize that
  it will take a lot more effort to keep Amy from Robert and to eventually get
  Michelle back from him. But if you trust me, listen to me and do what I tell
  you, and above all work with me, I think we can do it, " she said.  
Janet's words renewed hope in Diane and she immediately assumed the submissive
  attitude that Janet liked her to display. Looking at the floor, she sat demurely
  on the edge of the bed, her knees together, her hands folded in her lap, her
  voice soft and supplicating. "Thank you mistress for your help. I do trust
  you and know that you want to save Amy and Michelle as much as I do. I will
  do anything you ask or demand of me," she said.  
Janet let the words hang in the air a moment as she took in the woman before
  her. Once a proud, happy mother and wife of a surgeon now reduced to a dependent,
  frightened and timid woman. So unsure of herself that she was clinging to any
  hope available to save her and her children. The red welts on her thighs and
  stomach had begun to discolor and would take a number of days to heal, but
  Janet knew that before they disappeared she would force Diane to discuss them
  with her and eventually convince her that she deserved them. "But first things
  first", Janet thought.  
"OK," Janet said. "It is already 2:30 and the girls will be home in a little
  over an hour. Go stand in the bathroom in front of the mirror. You need to
  get cleaned up and we need to talk about some things. I will join you in a
  moment. Now go," Janet said in her authoritative voice.  
"Yes mistress," Diane replied. She immediately stood and felt the dull pains
  begin to throb through her as she moved to the bathroom. She stood in front
  of the sink, staring at it drain, waiting patiently for Janet to come, her
  mind soul at quiet rest.  
Janet watched her walk away with tender steps and looked at the six red stripes
  that adorned the back of her legs and ass. She knew that this was the first
  of many that Diane would wear for her and also knew that in a few short weeks
  Diane would shyly begin to ask her to mark her with her ownership mark. "All
  things in time," Janet thought, and then walked nonchalantly to the kitchen
  for another cup of coffee, some Valium, aspirin and hydrocortisone cream for
  Diane. Janet knew that Diane's insecurities made her vulnerable to any attention
  that was given her, even if it was painful, so now was the time for some more
  attention.  
Janet recalled the words of Lee Morgan, her psychologist friend and mentor. "Always
  remember, " Lee had frequently said, "True control over a submissive is founded
  on the submissive being convinced of the 'rightness' of their surrender and
  their complete trust in their owner. The only way to build that level of control
  is to not only train a bitch's body but the mind and soul as well."  
"Ah yes," Janet thought to herself as she walked to the bathroom with the
  medicines in the pocket of her robe, "control the soul and the mind and the
  bitch is yours."  
She slowly opened the door and saw Diane standing as she was told in front
  of the sink, her hands at her side, eyes downcast, expression quiet and she
  stared at the drain. Janet stepped behind her and looked over her head into
  the mirror. Diane's nipples had begun to harden, and as Janet softly stroked
  her shoulder she started and began to breathe deeper.  
Janet knew this was a positive sign, and said "Be still and listen to me.
  I want to take some time cleaning you up and making sure the marks heal correctly,
  but we need to be finished before the children come home. So I will supervise
  you and talk to you about the future. Now sit on the toilet and pee and defecate
  for me."  
"Yes mistress", said Diane in a soft voice and she stepped over to the toilet
  and sat on it. Janet, with her coffee cup in her left hand, stepped in front
  of Diane, lifted her chin with her right hand, and then slapped her softly
  on the cheek. Janet knew the slap was painless, but it did cause Diane's eyes
  to fly open and she immediately dropped her eyes to Janet's feet.  
"I told you to listen to me and be quiet and I meant it." Janet said softly
  as she slowly ran her hand through Diane's hair. "You know I hate to punish
  you, but you just don't seem to get it sometimes, so pay attention. Do you
  understand now?"  
Diane nodded slowly as she luxuriated in Janet's touch even while the toilet
  ring was causing the welts on the backs of her legs to throb and ache. She
  knew Janet expected to pee and defecate, but wondered if she could do it, especially
  since she had never imagined her peeing in front of someone.  
"Here, drink some of my coffee, it should help" Janet said as she lowered
  the cup into Diane's field of view. Diane lowered her lips to the edge of the
  cup and Janet tipped to bottom so she could drink. All the while stroking her
  hair, neck and ears, allowing Diane to develop a feeling of protection from
  her.  
After a few sips Janet watched as Diane's muscles began to relax. The room
  was warm and Janet turned on the hot water in the sink and let it run creating
  steam as well as the sound of running water to help Janet pee. A few minutes
  later, the small bathroom was filled with steam and Janet heard pee dripping
  into the bowl. Then she saw Diane try to push quite hard a couple of times
  and knew these were signs of her efforts to comply with Janet's instructions.  
"Has my little cow peed for her owner?" Janet asked softly as she continued
  to stroke the head that was bowed before her. It nodded yes. "Did my little
  cow poop for her mistress?" The head shook no and Janet smiled to herself and
  thought. "She is really working at this&hellip;very good".  
"Ok," Janet said as she grabbed a bit of toilet paper from the roll. "Spread
  your legs for mistress, turn your head and look over your right shoulder. Now
  put your hands on top of your head." Diane did this and then Janet said, "now
  arch your back for me and present me your udders&hellip;I want you to remember,
  that you have udders now since you are my cow. Understand?"  
Looking to her right with her hands on her head and her legs spread wide
  on the toilet seat, Diane arched her back and stiffened her muscles so her
  tits stood proud on her chest.  
Janet knelt down and gently wiped Diane's womanhood with the toilet paper.
  She saw Diane start from the touch, and continued to slowly wipe her. Then
  she dropped the paper into the toilet and caressed her with her left hand.
  She saw Diane close her eyes and breathe deeply as her nipples hardened in
  response.  
Sweat mingled with steam was running down Diane's body now and the bathroom
  began to look like a steam bath. Janet leaned forward and gently kissed Diane's
  cheek in front of her ear and whispered, "Very good little cow, you are learning
  to obey. I am proud of you." And then she kissed her again and slowly licked
  her ear. "Your body is so pretty. I just love looking at it. Do you like me
  looking at it?" She asked in a whisper punctuated by soft kisses and slow licks.  
She could feel Diane's moistness mingle with the sweat and steam running
  down her torso, and heard a whimper in response to her touches as Diane shook
  her head yes. "Would you like me to own your body and take care of you?" Janet
  now asked the frenzied Diane.  
Diane continued to whimper, and she had begun to squirm as Janet continued
  to stroke her. She shook her head again, and arched her back even further so
  Janet could see she was trying.  
Janet noticed Diane's action and kissed first one nipple and then gently
  bit the other. "Yes, you are trying aren't you?" she said and then stood up.
  Diane didn't move, but sat as instructed and waited.  
Janet moved to the Jacuzzi tub and started filling it with water. She dropped
  in some of her bubble bath soap and then told Diane to stand in front of the
  mirror.  
Diane stood there; face turned to the right and hands on top of her head.
  Janet stood close behind her, turned off the hot water that had been making
  the steam and said, " keep your hands on top of your head, but look into the
  mirror." Diane did so. Through the steam Diane gazed forward and her eyes met
  Janet's. Janet raised her hands and rubbed Diane's ribcage starting just below
  her armpits and slowly moving down to her hips and then moved them back up.  
Janet saw Diane's lips tremble and noticed her tremors as the touching continued.
  Diane began to lean back against Janet, but Janet whispered, "Stand up bitch.
  This is how an owner inspects their property. And you need an inspection."  
Diane immediately shifted her weight from her heels to the balls of her feet
  and was again ramrod straight. Janet lightly touched the welts on Diane's stomach
  and she winced slightly.  
Janet smiled into the mirror and said "Spread your legs for me" and Diane
  complied.  
The Jacuzzi was slowly filling with warm water as the steam continued to
  swirl in the room. Sweat and steam now slid slide down Diane's face, from her
  hair, and from under her raised arms. The heat of the room combined with her
  arousal caused perspiration to drip from her chin and cheeks onto her chest,
  then the drops ran between her breasts, split as they ran around her belly
  button, and then continued to her womanhood. There, they seeped through her
  light hairs, joined the juices Janet had caused to begin seeping from her and
  continued down the inside of her thighs. Diane could feel the drops moving
  and knew that Janet could see them as well.  
Janet reached down to Diane's mons, cupped her slowly and inserted two fingers.
  Diane gave a small tremor and Janet smiled at her in the mirror. "My, my, you
  are very, very wet. I think you need to be given to a man for a while. Perhaps
  I should find someone and let you serve them. I think you are too wet to stay
  this way. Look." She said as she pulled out two of her fingers that glistened
  in the light. She held them up in front of Diane's mouth and said, "lick".
  Diane leaned forward keeping her eyes locked with Janet's and extended her
  tongue. She gently lapped at the fingers, all the while staring at Janet.  
When she had finished, Janet again dropped her hands to Diane's sides and
  resumed her slow massage. She leaned down to whisper in Diane's ear as her
  hands slowly dropped to Diane's crotch. Janet pulled her closer and began to
  slowly fondle the helpless woman.  
"You may speak when spoken to. Who owns you? " she heard. "You own me" Diane
  heard herself reply automatically. "Are you my cow? The voice asked. "Yes,
  I am your cow". "How many calves do you have?" the voice asked again as the
  hands touched her. "I have two calves, and you are their owner.", she replied
  without bidding. Janet smiled and whispered "Close your eyes and put your arms
  down."  
Diane slowly lowered her arms and felt relief as the blood ran back to her
  fingers. Janet took Diane's hand, guided her to the Jacuzzi and told her to
  step into it.  
Diane with her eyes still closed stood quietly in the center of the tub. "Kneel
  down" Janet said as she placed a hand on Diane's shoulder. The water was quite
  high and came half way up Diane's thighs as she knelt staying erect by holding
  onto the Jacuzzi handles and not sitting back on her heels.  
Janet removed her robe and pinned up her hair. Then she picked up a rough
  sea sponge, soaped it, and began to wash Diane's back. "You know, I've washed
  Amy like this several times, but have only used the tub in the main house.
  I think I will have to bring her over here sometime and wash her here. She
  enjoys it and it gives me some quality time with here. You probably have noticed
  she is really quite pretty and in this case the calf does resemble her cow
  a lot. Amy is quite pretty and anxious to begin dating. I am a bit worried
  about that and will have to give it some thought as to who she may go out with
  and when. From what I can gather about your earlier life from Robert, you were
  bred fairly young is that right?"  
"Yes mistress" Diane answered. "What was your age when your husband first
  took you and at what age did you have your first." Janet asked soothingly as
  she scrubbed her property. "I was 17 the first time, we married shortly after
  that and by the time I was 19 I had Michelle and then 19 months later, I had
  Amy."  
"Well you went through the birthing process quite well. No stretch marks,
  no varicose veins, and you have managed to keep your shape. You have done well.
  I hope Michelle and Amy do as well as you have but I am worried about them.
  They probably have your tendencies to give themselves up early, since it is
  common in women who become sluts and you have shown me that you are like that.
  I know Michelle is already performing for Robert, but I don't want that to
  happen to Amy so I will take more control of her so I can have more influence." As
  Janet was speaking she had wet and soaped Diane's hair and had begun to shampoo
  her. The water continued to fill the Jacuzzi and Janet told Diane to lay back
  so she could rinse her hair.  
As Diane lay back, Janet rinsed her hair and began to clean her face and
  front. "Tell me, Why were you punished today?" Janet asked as she gently wiped
  the red welts on Diane's thighs and stomach.  
With eyes closed Diane responded softly and said," because I was uncomfortable
  allowing others to know that my mistress owned me and that I was her property
  and must obey her." "So that means that we need to begin telling others that
  you are my property and that I own you is that right?" "Yes mistress", Diane
  said quietly.  
"Very good. So to show your respect for me whenever I am with the children,
  the maid or your husband you will call me Miss Janet. I also want you to tell
  Vicki and Michelle to begin calling me Miss Janet as well. Amy, on the other
  hand will begin to call me mother or MaMa and I will insist that she call you
  Diane&hellip;is that clear?"  
Although disturbed by Janet's command, Diane didn't want to displease her
  and said, "yes Mistress."  
"Very good, now get up and dry yourself off." Diane did so and Janet said, "Now
  take these two pills. They will relieve the pain and help you relax. Spread
  your legs apart and put your arms above your head. I have some muscle relaxer
  that will also help relieve the pain of the welts. When you go back to the
  main house, I want you to wear your short tennis skirt so the girls can see
  the welts on your thighs. If they have any questions don't answer them, but
  have them call me on the phone with their questions. You will also move out
  of your bedroom tonight and move into the guestroom permanently. No one, to
  include yourself is to touch you without my permission. So if you need to pee
  or use the bathroom, I expect you to come over here and ask me to grant you
  permission to relieve yourself. I will be present every time you use a bathroom,
  bathe or do anything else that could have an effect on your appearance like
  styling your hair, etc. Finally, I will not be having dinner with the family
  tonight. Instead, after they have eaten, bring me a plate and plan on spending
  some time with me tonight. Do you understand all of that?"  
"Yes Mistress, ' Diane replied as she began to dress. Janet put on her robe
  and casually watched Diane put on her clothes. .  
When she was finished she stood with eyes downcast and waited for Janet to
  acknowledge her. Janet waited a few moments and then walked over to her. She
  cupped Diane's chin and lifted her face up to hers.  
"Whose property are you?" Janet asked as she stared solemnly down into Diane's
  eyes. "You own me," Diane said. Then without bidding, she added, " I am your
  property. You own my mind, and my soul and my body. Everything I have is yours.
  My body, my children, and all other things that were mine belong to you. "  
Janet was pleased with the response. She leaned down and gently kissed Diane
  and then took her by the hand and led her to the front door.  
It was a quiet evening in the guesthouse, the sun was setting across the
  vineyards and Janet was relaxing in a winged back chair in the living room.
  To her left on an occasional table was her late supper, a small salad and a
  plate with poached salmon, and potatoes au gratin and a glass of wine. Janet
  wore a short, black terry cloth robe loosely closed with a waist belt. Her
  legs were fully exposed, she wore black highedheel shoes and had her long dark
  brown hair tied back with a black scrunchy.  
To the right of her chair, Diane was kneeling very erect, both of her hands
  resting lightly on Janet's naked thigh. She still wore the tennis skirt and
  sleeveless blouse from this morning but had reapplied her makeup and brushed
  her hair prior to this meeting. The red welts were still visible on the backs
  and front of her thighs and their throbbing combined with those on her stomach
  and rump reminded her of her commitment to Janet and the cost for disobeying.  
Now Diane was talking softly and had been for the last hour about the most
  intimate encounters of her life as Janet ate her supper and questioned her
  regarding the various details. "So the first time you ate cum was when you
  were 14 and on your fourth date with a boy", Janet had asked, and Diane responded
  with, "Yes mistress he was in my school but two classes ahead of me. We went
  to a movie. When we returned to my home, my parents had all gone to bed and
  we sat in the living room, where he let me touch him and he creamed on my hand.
  Then he made me eat it."  
"Did you eat it because you were curious or did the fact that he told you
  to do it make you do it?" "Thinking back on it now, I think it was because
  he told me to do it. I wanted to please him and because I thought he was handsome
  so I felt that by eating his cum he would like me more."  
"Did the two of you go out a lot?" "Only for a few dates and then he went
  with an older girl and dropped out of my life", Diane said quietly. "After
  that I dated some boys off and on and if they told me to eat their cum, I did."  
Janet noted Diane's distancing of herself from these events and telling them
  to her as if they happened to someone else. In her experience this was classic
  submissive behavior, where the retelling of events was done as an observer
  and not a participant as a means for the submissive to escape consequences
  for their actions.  
"Tell me about your breedings. How did your husband inseminate you? Were
  you on your hands and knees or what position did you use?"  
Janet thought for a moment and said, "I was on my hands and knees both time
  because my husband said he always liked to look at my rear end when he fucked
  me. He said it made my ass wiggle and he liked that."  
Janet looked at her and offered her a small piece of salmon with her fingertips.
  She had done this periodically while she slowly ate her dinner. Diane bowed
  her head and gently plucked the salmon from Janet's finger tips, then slowly
  licked the fish oil from her Mistress's fingers. Diane kept her head bowed
  and softly kissed the fingertips in thanks as she felt Janet's other hand softly
  touch her hair. This tableau had repeated itself several times during the meal
  and each time it had Janet felt Diane yield more control and more obedience
  to her.  
"Were you well loved as you began to swell or did you find yourself left
  alone and generally ignored?" Janet asked softly as she ran her fingers through
  Diane's hair.  
Diane kept her head lowered and tears began to flow down her cheeks as she
  reviewed the hurt that she had hidden for so long. "I was ignored and sometimes
  used by my husband for his gratification. He took pictures of me so he could
  watch my body change, but generally ignored me as if I was no good for him
  at the time. I was very unhappy."  
"Yes," Janet said as she stroked Diane's hair then lifted her chin to kiss
  her softly on the lips. "Most women are ignored because men don't see the work
  breeding requires. On the other hand, when a cow is bred the process requires
  extensive support for the cow. In fact the whole herd becomes involved since
  the bull, who is owned by a breeder will own a portion of the herd as will
  the owners of the various females in the herd. If a cow has calves in the herd,
  they are also involved, especially if this is the cow's first breeding. Then
  the calves are also included since they will probably belong to the same bull
  eventually. You see, when an owner decides to breed a cow, the cow and a number
  of bulls are all inspected by a breeding committee to ensure the stock are
  healthy, of the right sex, and that the dropped calf will be desired by a buyer.
  In fact, many calves are already purchased before the cow is inseminated. But
  in any case, after the committees ensure both the cow and the bulls are healthy
  and compatible genetically, the bull owners and the cow owner allow the cow
  to spend time with each bull and his particular herd. This process takes about
  three to four days for each herd and is closely observed by the owners to ensure
  that when a cow finally joins a herd it is a good fit.  
If the cow already has calves but never went through a formal breeding, then
  the calves and the cow are shown to the herds to see if they can make a good
  fit. After the cow and her calves have been tested with all the herds, the
  breeders meet to decide which bull and which herd is the best fit, when is
  the best time to breed the cow and generally lay out a rough time schedule
  on the breeding of her calves. Lots of practice has shown that coordinating
  the breedings of the various cows and their calves and bulls takes time, discipline,
  and lots of forethought. So when a cow is bred there are a number of people
  to help her. Of course her owner is there and her calves as well as her breed
  cow if possible.  
In fact, I have gone to a number of breedings where there were three generations
  of breed cows and another generation of calves present. Unfortunately, you
  will be the first of your line's breed cows, so until one of Michelle's offspring
  is kept in the herd and then bred herself, your line will only have two generations.
  But I am sure that the day will come when you are displayed along with Michelle
  and her calf as the start of a new line of cows. But enough of that for now," Janet
  said. "Stand up, lift your skirt and spread your legs for me."  
Diane quickly stood and Janet noted her nipples were erect as she stroked
  her hand along Diane's slit where moisture was forming in abundance. She calmly
  slid two fingers inside the standing woman and gently rubbed her. Diane trembled
  slightly and her breathing increased. "Excellent," Janet thought. "This bitch
  is reconciling herself with breeding and is starting to accept her daughter
  will also join her."  
Janet continued to touch Diane for a few moments and then said, "Here clean
  my fingers and then go into the kitchen. Open a bottle of wine and stay in
  the kitchen and wait for me to call you. Now go," said Janet.  
Diane gently kissed the offered fingers after she cleaned them and answered "yes
  mistress" and walked into the kitchen.  
Sitting quietly for a moment, Janet thought about all of the work required
  to conduct a successful breeding and how much would be required to convince
  the committee that Diane was of good stock. She was a bit old and probably
  could only be bred once. "But," Janet reflected "the whole purpose of breeding
  her was to prepare Michelle and possibly Vicki for much longer breedings, which
  would no doubt prove lucrative and most rewarding. So the old adage of no gain
  without pain would once again prove itself."  
Just then, the ringing phone interrupted her thoughts. Janet picked it up
  and said "hello?" knowing by its ring who was calling her. "Hi Mama" Amy's
  soft voice answered. "I've finished my homework and eaten my supper like you
  told me to this morning. Can I visit you now if that is ok?"  
Janet heard the longing in the girl's voice and her heart subtly began to
  speed up. "Of course sweetie, but first tell Mommy what you are wearing," Janet
  said. "I am wearing some sweat pants and a tee shirt Mama because I am supposed
  to change out of my school uniform after I get home," Amy said in a soft voice
  that had begun to have "little girl tones and lispings". "Oh sweetie, Mommy
  hates it when you wear clothes like that. Put on a short skirt and one of your
  sleeveless blouses OK, and no panties or bra, then come over here."  
"yes mama," Amy replied, then hung up the phone and began to change.  
As Janet waited for Amy to arrive, she thought about the young girl's future.
  Training her to be a companion/slave would be a good fit for a few years. After
  all Janet had really enjoyed keeping Maya as her live in companion, while Maya's
  mother was her maid the last few years she had been in New York. But even Maya
  grew old and Janet knew she needed to move on. Being twenty-six and knowing
  how to control and discipline the maid as well as being able to seduce most
  men and women Janet directed her to made Maya prized property. So it wasn't
  difficult to sell her to the Malaysian gentleman who lusted after tall, big-breasted
  American women. Although Maya was distraught and probably required some attitude
  adjustment after the drugs Janet gave her wore off, she was sure by now that
  Maya and her mother both found their places in the Malaysian household.  
As the doorbell rang and Janet rose to answer it, thoughts of the first time
  Maya's breasts began to lactate flashed through her mind. What a delightful
  time that had been she recalled. Maya always anxious to give of herself to
  her companion and the maid always helping Maya express her milk so the flow
  was full when their mistress desired it. It had been so enjoyable, and Janet
  deep in her heart knew that in a few short years, Amy would be her new and
  devoted Maya.  
Janet adjusted her robe so the insides of both of her breasts were exposed
  and opened the door. Amy stood there in the evening light in a very short,
  dark green skirt, white blouse, and open toed sandals, with her hair freshly
  brushed and framing her face. Janet's normal height and her high heeled shoes
  combined to have her tower over Amy who stared fixedly at Janet's decollate.  
"Hello sweetie," Janet said extending her hand to the young girl who took
  it and stepped into the foyer. "How's my baby girl this evening? Did you have
  a good day at school?" Janet asked sweetly as she pulled the child into her
  arms. Amy raised her arms around Janet's neck and raised her face towards her
  lips. "Yes mama," she murmured as she stood on her toes and tried to pull herself
  up to Janet's face.  
Janet smiled, leaned down and placed an open-mouthed kiss on her lips as
  Amy eagerly responded. They kissed like that for a few minutes and Janet stroked
  the girls bare bottom and gently twisted Amy's first anal plug.  
Waiting in the kitchen, Diane had heard the doorbell ring and almost left
  the chair she sat on to answer the door. But just in time she remembered her
  mistress's words and stayed where she was. She was surprised to hear Amy's
  voice since she had assumed the girl was still working on her schoolwork. Then
  when she heard the conversation, her heart turned leaden in her chest and she
  wiped at the tears that began to well in her eyes.  
In the entryway, Amy squirmed against Janet's caresses and moaned in her
  throat. Janet could feel Amy's heat begin to build, so she broke the kiss taking
  Amy's hand as she walked into the house, said, "Come on sweetheart, let's go
  sit in the living room so we can continue this." Amy was beside herself and
  almost floated into the room, as Janet guided her by the hand. They stopped
  near the wingback chair where Janet again held her and whispered in her ear. "Take
  off your skirt and then sit on my lap" as she sat down.  
Amy smiled at her mom and then slowly undid her belt and let her skirt drop.
  She stood there and smiled at Janet who patted her thighs and said, "come to
  Momma baby." Amy stepped forward and took Janet's outstretched hand which guided
  her onto Janet's lap. As she settled in, Janet pulled Amy's head against her
  neck and began to rub the young girl's thighs. "Now tell mommy," she whispered
  quietly, "what happened at school today." So Amy began to quietly tell her
  what happened to her throughout the day. Janet stroked and kissed the girl's
  hair and slowly stroked her thighs.  
About 20 minutes when the girl had finished her recital, Janet kissed her
  softly on the lips and asked her "did you think of Mama today while you were
  at school?" "Of course Mama," Amy replied and give her a little smile, "the
  thing you put in my rear end before I went to school reminded me of you all
  day long."  
"Very good," Janet said and began to open her robe. "do you remember what
  Mama said this morning about her breasts?" Janet asked. "yes mama," Amy whispered, "You
  said they were sore and that they needed licking and kissing to make them better."  
"Who made Mommie's breasts sore sweetie?" Janet asked. Amy looked into Janet's
  eyes sadly and said, "you said I made them sore because I suckled on them so
  long on Sunday. "  
"That's right baby," said Janet quietly, "so now I want you to help me feel
  better. Lean your head back on the arm of this chair and put your legs over
  the other arm. That's right." Janet said smiling as Amy stretched across her
  lap.  
Janet finished opening her robe, leaned forward towards Amy's face and then
  used her left hand to place her nipple on Amy's waiting lips.  
Amy closed her eyes with a sigh as Janet's nipple touched her lips and she
  tenderly licked it and began to kiss her mother's breast. At the same time,
  Janet rested her right hand on Amy's bare stomach and began to massage her
  lower stomach and her mons. "Spread your legs for Mommy, sweet baby," Janet
  whispered in Amy's ear.  
Amy's eyelids fluttered when Janet spoke and she spread her legs and lifted
  her bottom in an offering of her young body. "Such a good girl you are," Janet
  said as she slowly rubbed Amy's slit and began to feel the moisture form there. "Mommy
  knows what her baby likes, and her baby likes to please her mommy doesn't she?" Janet
  said quietly and gently pressed two fingers into Amy's slit.  
Amy moaned in pleasure and began to slowly writhe on Janet's lap. Janet slowly
  sat up and reluctantly pulled her breast out of Amy's tender mouth and said, " Mommy
  needs a drink baby, so let's slow down for a few minutes." Then in a louder
  voice, Janet said, "Bring me the wine bitch."  
Diane, who had been listening very hard to the moans, gasps, and rustlings
  coming from the living room from the moment she realized it was Amy was startled
  by the tone of the request. Without thinking, she jumped to her feet, grabbed
  the tray with the wine bottle and glass and immediately took the seven steps
  from the kitchen to entrance of the living room.  
As she entered the room, she was startled by the sight before her. Janet
  was sitting in her chair with Amy laid across her lap. Amy's head was held
  by Janet's left arm and the arm of the chair and her head was laid back with
  her mouth open. Her legs were on the other arm and spread wide with Janet's
  hand massaging her hairless but shining slit. Amy's arousal was evident and
  Janet's control of her was even more so.  
Janet watched Diane as she moved to stand in front of her chair and the expression
  on Diane's face spoke volumes. Fear, disgust, and resignation seemed to be
  equally present, but what Janet noticed most was lust. To Janet's experienced
  eye, Diane was enthralled by the sight of her daughter being controlled by
  her mistress. The flush that Diane showed across her neck and chest when she
  was aroused was clearly evident and the far away look in those submissive blue
  eyes was deeper than usual.  
"Put the tray on the table and pour me a glass," Janet said as she bent down
  to kiss Amy, who had now become aware of her mother's presence.  
Flustered, Amy began to struggle to sit up, but Janet just held her close
  and whispered in her ear. "Relax sweetie. You are my baby now, so don't worry
  about anything." And then she gently licked her ear and kissed her neck while
  slowly rubbing her aroused clit.  
Amy relaxed herself and gave control to Janet who continued to rub her as
  her mother stood in front of them holding the wine glass and staring at the
  scene before her.  
Janet slowly pumped her fingers between Amy's splayed legs and smiled as
  Diane tore her eyes away from those glistening finger and stared into those
  of her mistress. Amy buried her head against Janet's chest as skillful fingers
  manipulated her and she moaned in ecstasy when Janet allowed her to achieve
  a small climax. Janet smiled at her as Amy slowly opened her eyes. Then Janet
  kissed her deeply and pulled her to sit more upright on her lap.  
With glistening fingers, Janet reached out towards Diane and said, "Give
  me the glass." Diane, transfixed by the shining surface of Janet's fingers,
  offered the wine glass to them and dropped her now empty hands to her side
  as Janet took the proffered glass.  
Janet pulled her arm back and handed the glass to Amy who held it in both
  hands with the stem resting on her bare stomach. "Lean forward and put your
  hands on the wingbacks,"Janet said.  
Unhesitatingly, Diane did as she was told which brought her face into a small
  triangle, the other points of which were Janet and Amy. Diane's arms on the
  sides of the chair surrounded both of them and gave the scene a very warm intimacy.  
Diane continued to stare into her owner's eyes and then felt the shining
  fingers touch her lips. She didn't flinch or move and then she heard Janet
  whisper "Lick" and her tongue began to lovingly clean Janet's hand.  
Janet stared deep into Diane's eyes and saw her soul open its doors to her.
  She felt Diane offer herself to her control and knew that another step had
  been taken. . With her left hand she cupped Amy's developing breasts and could
  feel the wanton heat pour from her body and the hard beating of a heart on
  the verge of a shattering climax. Janet waited while Diane slowly licked her
  fingers clean and then asked softly, "who owns you?"  
Diane closed her eyes for a moment, gathered herself up and very quietly
  said, "you own me Miss Janet."  
"And who is Amy's mother?" Janet then asked. Both Diane and Amy held their
  breaths for a very long moment, but Diane finally said very quietly, "You are
  Amy's mother Miss Janet."  
"Very good, Diane. Now tell me who do you love?" "I love you Miss Janet" Diane
  said softly, "more than you know, more than anything else in the world."  
Janet was very pleased with Diane's response, pulled her face to hers and
  kissed her deeply as Amy watched with deep erotic fascination. "Stand up, drop
  your skirt, and assume the inspection position I taught you this morning." Janet
  said as she broke the kiss.  
Without hesitation, almost as if in a dream, Diane straightened herself up,
  unzipped the side of her tennis dress and let it drop to the floor. She then
  stepped out of its folds as it lay there, and spread her legs to beyond shoulder
  width. When they were as wide as she thought they should be, she put her hands
  on top of her head, raised her eyes from those of her mistress and stared straight
  ahead.  
While Diane was trying to obey, Janet had wrapped both of her arms around
  Amy, who had turned her head to stare at Diane. Janet felt the emotions flow
  through each of them and reveled in her control of the situation and its future
  possibilities.  
Shame, submission, and hopelessness seemed to war with each other in Diane's
  mind as she stood ramrod straight and fought back tears while trying not to
  drop her arms to shield her nakedness. Finally Diane's personality grabbed
  hold and submission turned to obedience and hopelessness was replaced by resignation
  as she suddenly realized that a life without Janet's control would be impossible
  for her. Thus at that moment, she began to accept the role that had been thrust
  on her as she stood before her owner, willing herself to obey and accepting
  her shame.  
At the same time, Amy felt Janet's arms encircling her and leaned back against
  her chest. Her cheek touched Janet's and she felt the warmth flow into her. "Isn't
  she beautiful Amy?" Janet softly whispered next to the girl. "Someday you will
  be as beautiful as she is but you will never be a slut like she and Michelle
  are. I'm never going to let anyone, not even your father, hurt you like he
  has done to them. I am going to keep you safe with me and teach you how to
  behave so you won't ever be ashamed. You know that don't you baby?"  
"Oh yes mommy, I love you so much. " Amy whispered back but still stared
  fascinated at Diane. Janet gave her a warm squeeze and continued. "Look at
  her legs Amy, do you see the red welts?" Amy nodded and Janet said, "Turn around
  Diane."  
Without blinking her eyes Diane turned, spread her legs again, and felt their
  stares as they viewed her backside. "You see the red marks on her legs and
  bottom sweetheart? She got those this morning because she was bad. She knew
  she was bad and asked me to punish her and teach her how to be good too. So
  I did, but I don't want that to happen to you. You are not like her and Michelle.
  You are still good and if you are a good little girl for me, I will take care
  of you and keep you safe. You want that don't you Amy?" "Yes Mommy, very, very
  much. Please make me your little girl," said Amy as she turned with tears in
  her eyes and kissed Janet softly and deeply.  
After they broke the kiss, Janet sat back in the chair and pulled Amy to
  her. "Turn around, keep your legs spread and put your hands on the wings."  
Diane once more complied and found herself staring again into her owner's
  eyes. Janet took Amy's hand in hers and reached forward with it to touch Diane's
  slit. "Feel how wet this cow is Amy, she is such a slut." Janet said smiling
  into Diane's eyes. As Amy's small fingers touched her, Diane jerked but held
  her position. Janet rubbed Amy's fingers along Diane's slit making sure they
  were coated with her juices. Then she pulled Amy's hand back bringing the fingers
  to her and then Amy's lips. "Her juice is very thick but still has a good taste." She
  said after tasting it, and then offering the fingers to Amy.  
Amy hesitated a bit, then slowly began to lick her fingers that were still
  held in Janet's hand. While she did this, Janet again looked at Diane and said, "Do
  you respect me?" Diane held her gaze without wavering and said, "yes I do Miss
  Janet." "Good," Janet replied. "I know you love me and respect me and I expect
  you to do the same for my daughter. She is as much your owner as I am. If you
  ever fail to respect her or fail her in any way, you will answer to me for
  it do you understand?" "Yes mistress" Diane answered without emotion.  
"Very well. Now it is time for you to go to bed. I expect to have breakfast
  here tomorrow morning with my daughter before she goes to school so prepare
  for that. You will also address her from now on as Miss Amy under the same
  rules you address me and with the same respect, is that clear?" "Yes Miss Janet," came
  the reply.  
"Good now kiss me good night." At this Diane leaned forward and gave her
  owner a deep and lasting kiss. When is was ended she pulled back and softly
  said, "Good night my mistress."  
Janet smiled. "Good night, but kiss my daughter before you go."  
Janet smiled as she saw resignation and lust flash through Diane's eyes when
  she leaned over to give Amy the same kiss she had given her owner. "Good night
  Missy Amy," Diane whispered softly as she stared into Amy's eyes. "Good night
  Diane, " Amy said and reached out to softly stroke Diane's cheek.  
"It is time to go now, " Janet said to break the moment. "I want some time
  alone with my daughter." At this Diane stood erect, reached down to pick up
  her skirt from the floor and walked silently from the room.  
Amy watched her go, still wrapped in Janet's arms and still holding the wine
  glass. Janet reached around her and unbuttoned her blouse and then slowly ran
  her hands up and down Amy's chest. "Give me the wine baby," and took it from
  her hands. She then drank most of it, but held the rest to Amy's lips who drank
  it obediently and without comment. Janet then placed the wineglass on the end
  table and pulled the shirt off of Amy.  
Feeling her control grow, she turned the girl so she was laying across her
  lap. Janet gently placed her hand on Amy's crotch as she leaned down to kiss
  her. Amy sighed delightedly and opened her legs, offering herself to her mother.
  Janet smiled down at her and gently stroked her slit.  
The wine was now combining with Janet's caresses and Amy's neck and chest
  were beginning to show the same flush Janet observed in Diane when she was
  nearing climax. "You're my baby now and no one can touch you here except me&hellip;not
  even you. Do you understand sweetie?" The flush on Amy deepened and she nodded
  her head as she closed her eyes losing herself to her feelings. "And when I
  feed you, this is how you will be for Mama. No clothes, no jewelry, nothing&hellip;just
  my baby girl. OK baby." "Yes mama,' Amy panted as Janet's fingers brought her
  closer and closer to the edge. Then she felt Janet's nipple touch her lips
  and she began to lick and suckle this gift from her mother. First to please
  her mother, then to offer her mouth and its pleasures as a gift to her, and
  finally to offer herself to her mother's fingers as they slowly and skillfully
  teased her to climax and the ultimate surrender of herself to her mother and
  new owner.  
Janet held Amy as she whimpered in her arms and started to reach her climax.
  She smiled as the young girl lifted her hips onto Janet's probing fingers and
  spread her thighs in an effort to open herself more for the digits that were
  driving her mad with lust.  
A light sheen of sweat began to appear on the girl's body, and as her thighs
  tightened and her legs became rigid she released her owner's nipple and threw
  her head back as the first of the waves washed over her.  
Janet felt the girl's insides tighten on her fingers and almost immediately
  thereafter, Amy's moisture began to flow. "That's my baby, cum for momma. Come
  on, open up for momma, come on," Janet cooed softly again while increasing
  her pressure on the girls clit and rubbing her faster and harder.  
Amy's body was beyond her control now. Her stomach's heat was building and
  a roaring began in her head. She heard the voice, felt the indescribable pleasure
  of her mother's velvet touch and felt her heart begin to pound in rhythm to
  the rubbing fingers. From far off she heard her Mother's voice, telling her
  to open to her. She wanted to obey her, to please her, to show her how much
  pleasure her mother gave her. She heard her voice, "momma, momma, oh, oh," .
  Her heart beat faster, the heat inside her began to boil and the fingers moved
  faster, harder, insisting that she obey that soft voice, demanding that she
  open herself. All she wanted was to hold her mother, to have the feeling never
  stop, to stay this way always.  
Harder, harder, the pressure built. Faster and faster the waves began to
  crash against her. In desperation she felt herself cling to her mother, her
  chest pressed against the breasts that she had learned to worship and love.  
Janet pressed harder and faster and as she did so, the girl clung tighter
  and began to moan incoherently. Janet knew the girl was mere seconds away from
  a shattering climax and wanted to take her over the edge and manipulate her
  as she moved into and through the orgasm, and then begin her training as she
  was ending it. So as Amy started to sweat rivlets and clung to Janet from sheer
  desperation and sexual abandonment, Janet's thumb began rubbing her clit while
  her fingers slowly began to assault Amy's asshole.  
Despite her arousal, the girl moaned and clenched her bottom, so Janet removed
  her hand from between Amy's legs, and paused. The girl felt the flow of the
  erotic waves in her start to ebb and then puzzlement took over. She loosened
  her grip around her mother's neck and then felt a hard stinging slap on her
  bottom. Then a second, a third, and then a fourth.  
Amy was shocked from the blows, but was even more shocked when Janet grabbed
  her hair and roughly pulled her head from the crook of her mother's neck so
  she could stare into her eyes.  
"You little bitch," Janet spat venomously at her. "You listen to me. If you
  are going to be my daughter, then I will touch you whenever and wherever I
  please. There is nothing on your body that is private to me. Do you understand?"  
Amy was mortified, and stammered, "Yes mama, I understand and I am so sorry." "Good," Janet
  smiled and then said, "so now ask your mama to touch you so she can make you
  into a good girl for her."  
In a quiet voice Amy looked at her mother and said, "Momma please touch me
  and make me into a good girl for you?"  
Janet knew that this was an excellent time to train Amy to her mastery and
  wanted to impress on the young girl just who was her owner and authority figure.
  So instead of beginning again, Janet, asked "Where does my little girl want
  her Mommy to touch her?" As she said this Janet leaned down and passionately
  kissed Amy who submitted to her mother's probing tongue. After a moment, Janet
  broke the kiss, and looked at Amy.  
Of course, the kiss once again aroused the girl and she struggled to control
  her passion as she said, "Please Momma, please rub my vagina and touch my bottom
  so I can learn how to be a good girl for you. I like it when you touch me and
  if you touch me in front of other people they will know that I'm your little
  girl and that I belong to you. "  
When Janet heard this she smiled to show Amy she was pleased with her response.
  She lightly kissed the girl again, and said, "OK sweetie, but before I touch
  you, I want you to listen to me. Since you made me mad by stopping Mommie from
  touching her little girl, I want you to go visit Diane in her room before you
  go to bed tonight and do something for me OK?"  
Being held by Janet and having her arousal start to slip away, Amy was only
  too eager to please Janet and promised that she would. "Very good," Janet said, "so
  now if you want Momma to touch you, take my hand and put the fingers where
  you want them to be so Mommie can teach you how to be a good girl."  
Amy looked down and took Janet's right hand in both of hers and was beginning
  to place it on her vagina, but before she could move it, Janet said, "wait
  honey. You can move mommie's hand but don't look down there, look at Mommie
  so she can see how much you like her touching you."  
Amy slowly raised her face to her mother's and looked her steadily in the
  eyes as she began to slowly place Janet's thumb on her clitoris. She then rolled
  her bottom up and spread her legs even more, so she could reach down and guide
  Janet's index finger to her rosebud.  
"Come on Baby, " Janet said, "push Mommie's finger into your bottom. You
  know you like it there don't you?"  
Amy was almost delirious with lust and desire, but never took her eyes from
  her mother's as she slowly pushed Janet's finger into her bottom. As the first
  knuckle reached her sphincter, Amy breathed a small gasp and began to relax
  in Janet's arms. "Come on Baby," Janet cooed and then lightly kissed her daughter. "Push
  Momma's finger all the way into her girl's bottom. Show Momma how much you
  love her."  
Blushing slightly, Amy spread her thighs wider as she leaned back the arm
  of the chair and across her mother's lap. Then she reached down to Janet's
  hand and grasping the fingers firmly, pushed Janet's digits into her bottom
  while Janet's thumb began to slowly rotate on Amy's clit. Amy bucked her bottom
  some more, relaxed her sphincter, and then grasping Janet's hand in both of
  hers began to move the hand to her internal rhythm.  
This motion caused Janet's finger to piston in and out Amy's butt hole while
  Janet's thumb rotated on Amy's clit.  
Janet saw the girl's eyes turn vague as they stared into hers and she felt
  the girl push her hand and the middle finger up into her rectum.  
"Good girl, " Janet again cooed as Amy used both of her hands to hold onto
  Janet's and move it  
rapidly over her slit. Janet's words and constant caress of her clit pushed
  Amy closer and closer to her much sought orgasm and her body suddenly arched
  and her thighs clamped hard on Janet's hand as she felt the waves wash through
  her. Her head was flung back as she opened her self up to the feelings and
  felt her mother's arm hold her close while the invading finger and caressing
  thumb continued to coax wave after wave of ecstasy from her very soul.  
She thought she had floated away for days and as the stars faded and she
  found herself waking she heard her mother whispering in her ear, "that's my
  good girl. What a big cum for mommy." Then she felt fingers on her lips and
  opened her mouth to accept the juices that coated her mother's fingers. She
  licked slowly and languidly while her heart slowed and she returned to the
  world.  
Janet still held her tightly and Amy's sweat had moistened her chest and
  was glistening on her breasts. Amy's eyes fluttered open and the hand was removed
  from her lips as Janet pulled her to her breasts and whispered, "Lick Mommie's
  breasts now sweetie and get them nice and clean".  
Like a kitten cleaning its siblings, Amy lovingly licked Janet's breast clean.
  Then Janet lifted her chin and said, "what a good girl I have, now when you
  leave to go to sleep here is what I want you to do."  
Forty five minutes later, Amy, again dressed in the short skirt and sleeveless
  blouse she had worn to visit Janet, opened the guest bedroom door and walked
  into the room. Closing the door behind her, she stood in the dim room and listened
  to her mother's breathing, certain she was asleep. Then she slowly and quietly
  walked to the nightstand and turned the light on.  
The click of the switch and the cascade of light woke Diane with a start.
  Not remembering where she was, Diane rubbed her eyes as she sat up, then squinted
  at her daughter. "Amy, what is wrong sweetie?" Diane heard herself say.  
A light slap fell on her cheek and Amy said softly, "Who am I Diane?" Diane
  let out a small gasp then rubbed her cheek and responded in a mortified voice
  saying, "I'm so sorry Miss Amy, I forgot my place."  
"That's better, " Amy said, "my mother told me to check on you and to make
  sure your marks were covered, so stand up and assume the inspection position."  
Diane, was afraid to disobey so she threw back the blanket and sheet and
  stood up. Amy then sat on the bed as Diane moved to stand in front of her.
  Diane reached down and removed her sleeping shirt, dropped it on the floor
  behind her, spread her legs wider than her shoulders and placed her hands behind
  her neck and stared straight ahead.  
As she stood staring at the unadorned wall of the guest bedroom, feelings
  of shame and despair began to rise in her. Her youngest daughter now sat in
  front of her. Staring at her naked body, unadorned with jewelry or makeup.
  She had heard her say that she loved Janet more than anything or anyone else
  in the world, and now her daughter saw her as a slut or a cow that belonged
  to her new mother, so she also belonged to her. And now, her young mistress
  was here to inspect her property like the livestock that she had become.  
Amy, who she loved more than life itself, was now Janet's daughter, a gift
  she had freely given to her mistress as a token of her submission, but a gift
  whose giving hurt her deeply. She felt helpless and frightened and feared for
  the future not knowing if Janet loved her and saw any qualities in her that
  made her worth keeping.  
But at the same time, Diane also felt new feelings of pride and security,
  something she had not felt for a very, very long time. She was obeying and
  knew her behavior would be reported back to Janet and this would prove that
  she loved her and wanted to obey her. She was Janet's and knew that her subservience
  to Janet would ensure that Janet took care of her and Michelle. Janet would
  keep Amy safe as her daughter, and she and Michelle would be there to serve
  them both as a means of paying them for their protection and their love, earning
  it every day.  
She started as she felt a hand caress one of the welt's on her thigh. "Shh,
  I'll be gentle. I know these still hurt a lot and you've been so good today
  that you need to be taken care of." Amy whispered as she gently and quite slowly
  rubbed a light cream on Diane's welts.  
Janet had told her that Diane needed a lot of caressing and touching to help
  her accept her new role as someone's property, and she showed the young girl
  how to touch a woman and rehearsed her on what to say and how to say it. So
  Amy was prepared for Diane's reaction and in fact welcomed it as an affirmation
  that she was following her mother's instructions to the letter.  
As the massage continued Amy would periodically touch Diane's slit very softly,
  just brushing her fingers over the hairs, and murmuring what a pretty cunt
  her cow had, how it would breed nicely and start a good breed line. Through
  the arousal that was flowing through her, Diane barely heard these words, yet
  as she understood their meaning, she saw herself carrying a new calf and Janet
  touching her, making her feel wanted, and knowing that her calving pain would
  be proof to Janet that she belonged to her.  
Two small fingers entered her slit and she moaned and shook as they began
  to rub her insides. "Shh," she heard Amy whisper, "Stand still now while mistress
  feels her property." The fingers continued their stroking for a few moments,
  and then Amy said, "my you are so wet, I know you want to be bred soon, don't
  you. Would you like me to start searching for a bull for you? "  
Diane was beside herself. She felt her arm muscles tighten as she fought
  to hold her entwined fingers behind her neck and not jerk as the spasms racked
  her body. The young girl's words combined with the fingers that were touching
  her very existence were causing rivulets of perspiration to run down her as
  she trembled and fought to maintain her position. She felt her cunt welcoming
  the probing fingers and knew her moisture was wetting those fingers as a sign
  of both arousal and acceptance of her ownership. Barely able to stand, she
  whispered, "yes Miss Amy, I need to be bred. I need to calve for my owners. "  
Amy smiled to herself. Just like her mother had told her, Diane was showing
  her need and her acceptance. Amy knew that a climax for the cow was not to
  be permitted tonight, so she slowed her touching and gradually stopped. Diane
  moaned her disappointment, but stood as she had been ordered. Amy then grabbed
  Diane's hips and told her to turn around.  
The salve was then applied to the welts on backs of Diane's thighs and lower
  back. "Very good, "Amy said as she stood up. "Now lay down on the bed on your
  back with your arms at your sides."  
Diane did as she was ordered. Amy then sat beside her and put on a pair of
  latex gloves. She then opened a jar of cream that had a prescription label
  and placed a large dollop of the cream on Diane's right breast. "This is lanolin
  for your nipples and udders. It does two things. First, it will make your nipples
  harder and keep them from cracking after you calve and you begin your milking.
  Second it will make the veins in your udders more visible, which is a sign
  of good milk production in cows. I will rub it on you every night until I am
  satisfied your udders are in the correct state. Then when I and my mother are
  satisfied, you will be bred. " Amy said as she began to massage the cream deeply
  into Diane's tits. Amy's mother had made her practice these words and the technique
  on her before she was allowed to do it to Diane, but the cream her mother said
  was to be used only on cows and their calves and never on a girl.  
Amy accepted this, but she didn't know that the cream was a combination of
  hormones that would slowly begin to activate a woman's milk glands and sensitize
  her nipples. In effect it culminated in the body thinking it was pregnant and
  preparing the breasts for lactation. Janet had learned of its use from her
  psychology mentor friend Lee Morgan who purchased it from one of New York's
  many underground pharmacies and used it with great success. In fact, Lee had
  shown Janet how to apply it to one of her new cows when she was mentoring Janet
  to become an owner. The two of them had spent innumerable hours massaging the
  cow's breasts and preparing it for breeding and ultimate sale which netted
  both of them a handsome return.  
After a 20 minute massage, Amy was finished and looked down at Diane who
  had closed her eyes and was savoring the attention. She removed her gloves,
  dropped them on the floor and touched Diane's cheek. Diane opened her eyes
  and looked softly at her. "Now I want you to always sleep nude and always have
  me as your last thought before you go to sleep. Do you understand?" Amy whispered
  with a smile.  
Diane turned her head and softly kissed the hand that was caressing her cheek
  and then said, "Yes Miss Amy, I understand." "Good, " then wake me at 6:30
  tomorrow morning." Amy said as she stood, turned off the light, and left the
  room.  
Diane lay on the bed, in the dark, without moving. She felt a very, very
  slight heaviness in her breasts and saw her mistress holding her daughter as
  she knelt before them. Miss Amy's nude body was flushed as she gently suckled
  her mother's breast. Janet was softly cooing to the girl as she slowly caressed
  her slit and gently brought her to orgasm.  
Janet kissed her daughter's cheek softly and then raised her fingers to Diane's
  lips. They were shiny with Miss Amy's essence, and Diane softly licked the
  fingers to show her subservience and obedience to her owner. They were beautiful
  women who loved each other as they shared their lives. She felt so lucky to
  belong to them and she knew she wanted to serve them and give her love to them
  completely.  
&quot;Well hello sweetheart&quot; Janet said as she opened the door and
  took Amy by the hand. &quot;Did you sleep well last night?&quot; she asked
  as she pulled the young girl close to her. &quot;Yes Mom,&quot; Amy answered
  and lifted her face to allow Janet to kiss her deeply.  
After Janet broke the kiss, she took Amy by the hand and led her into the
  kitchenette of the guesthouse. &quot;So tell me what happened last night, when
  you visited Diane. Did you do as I told you?&quot; Amy began her account as
  they walked into the kitchen and continued her story as Janet pulled the young
  girl onto her lap and kissed her neck and cheeks while Amy told her story.
  When she finished Janet said &quot;Excellent and now here is what I want you
  to do when she arrives.&quot;  
About five minutes later Janet's instructions to Amy were interrupted by
  the ringing of the doorbell on the guest house. Janet gave Amy another deep
  kiss, and then told the girl to answer the door and bring Diane into the kitchen
  making sure that Diane followed Amy at a respectful distance. She also instructed
  Amy on how she wanted Diane to behave when she entered the room and what she
  was to say.  
As Janet waited for the two to arrive, she thought about Amy's commentary
  of her last visit to Diane. Her comments regarding how she had applied the
  cream to Diane's breasts and how Diane had responded to her attentions and
  instructions was especially interesting and quite hopeful. Judging from Diane's
  actions thus far and the deference she had been showing to Amy, Diane seemed
  to have accepted not only Janet's ownership of her, but also Janet's possession
  of Amy as her daughter and Amy's position as her superior as well. &quot;It
  won't be long,&quot; Janet thought to her, &quot;before the cow brings me her
  calf and then I can really use come control.&quot;  
Janet's thoughts were interrupted when she saw Amy sweep into the kitchenette
  exuding confidence and sit across the table from her. She was followed by Diane
  who stopped at the entrance to the kitchenette. Diane paused a moment, looked
  at her mistress with lowered eyes and diffidently curtsied to Janet. Then Diane
  looked at the floor and said, &quot;Good morning miss Janet. I am here to serve
  you this morning.&quot;  
Janet was pleased to hear these words since Diane repeated them exactly as
  Janet had told them to Amy. &quot;Excellent&quot;, thought Janet, &quot;another
  indication that all seems to be working well.&quot;  
She took a moment to look Diane over. The fact that Diane was wearing a sleeveless
  blouse and short skirt without being told was good evidence that her submission
  was deepening, but even more important was that Diane's makeup had been applied
  perfectly and her hair had been expertly done up. This probably meant that
  Diane had gotten up very early and spent a lot of time preparing to meet and
  please her.  
&quot;Good morning Diane&quot; Janet said. &quot;How are you feeling this
  morning? Do you need to use the bathroom?&quot;  
M  
&quot;Good morning iss Janet, I feel very well thank you and Yes Miss Janet,&quot; Diane
  replied softly, &quot;I need to relieve myself.&quot;  
Janet smiled at the words. She knew that Diane wanted to please her, but
  she needed to be kept off balance and had to be pushed even farther. So she
  said in a low vehement voice, &quot;listen you stupid bitch, you are a cow,
  not an owner so remember this. Cows have udders, not breasts, they have cunts,
  not vaginas, they piss they don't urinate and they shit. Owners relieve themselves.
  Cows don't have lovers, or boyfriends, or husbands. They have bulls. They don't
  make love, they are bred. They have calves, not babies, and they are bred when
  and where their owner's decide and with whatever bull the owner picks. They
  don't own their bodies, or their thoughts, or their souls. Everything belongs
  to their owners-their calves, their thoughts, their words, everything. I even
  own your shit and your piss. Now the next time I have to remind you of that
  you will learn what pain is and maybe that will make you remember. Do you understand?"  
Diane was visibly shaken at this tirade and a shudder ran through her as
  she hung her head and frantically replied, "Yes Miss Janet. I am so sorry,
  please forgive this useless cow, please forgive me, I only want to please you."  
"That's better" said Janet, "but first things first. I want you to call the
  school and tell them that Amy will be coming in after lunch today. Tell them
  she is feeling a bit under the weather this morning and that you want to keep
  an eye on her to make sure she is ok. And also put it on the speakerphone.
  I want to hear what the school says. Got that?"  
"Yes Miss Janet," Diane said as she reached for the phone on the wall. The
  school's number was in the speed dial of the phone system, so she just punched
  the number, pressed the speaker phone option, and was quickly connected with
  the main office.  
"Hello," Diane said when the secretary picked up the call, "this is Diane
  Fischer, Amy and Michelle's mother. Sorry about the speakerphone, but I am
  preparing breakfast and I'm pressed for time. Anyway, I am keeping Amy home
  this morning since she is a bit under the weather and if she feels better I
  will bring her in later today. Is that OK?" she asked.  
"Of course Mrs. Fischer," the secretary responded. "Amy is a great student
  and so well behaved and very well mannered. Her missing one-day is no problem.
  You must be very proud of your daughter. In fact, if she doesn't feel better
  and can't come in today, let me know and I will get her homework assignments
  and get them to Michelle so she can do them at home."  
"Oh thank you so much." Said Diane as she hung up the phone.  
"Well done," Janet said smiling as she looked at Diane who had a small tear
  in her eye caused by the secretary's comment that Amy was her daughter. Of
  course Janet knew what caused the tear and she knew that making Diane call
  the school and aid in her daughter's seduction was making Diane an enabler
  and supporter of Janet's plans, but she wanted to make sure Diane was becoming
  more obedient, and this was a good test.  
"What are you?" Janet asked quietly.  
" A cow," Diane replied softly as tears began to slide from her eyes.  
"Who owns you?"  
"You own me." Came Diane's softly whispered voice.  
"Who owns your calf and what is her name?"  
"You own my calf and her name is Michelle Miss Janet." The tears were flowing
  now and Diane's body shuddered slightly.  
"Who is my daughter?"  
"Miss Amy is your daughter mistress."  
"Do you love me?"  
"I love you mistress more than anything else."  
"Do you love my daughter?"  
 "Yes mistress, I love Miss Amy as much as I love you."  
"Do you want me to breed you so you can offer me another calf and show me
  how you suffer for my love?"  
More shudders and more tears, but Janet also noticed that Diane's nipples
  were now poking at her blouse and she was certain that Diane was becoming aroused.  
"Yes Miss Janet, " came a quiet but firm reply from Diane. "Please breed
  me so I can carry a calf for you and offer you my pain as a symbol of my love."  
Janet rose from her chair and walked over to where Diane stood by the phone
  quietly crying, head bowed arms at her sides. For a moment she stood and pondered
  Diane, then slowly wrapped her arms around the shorter woman and pulled her
  into her.  
"You may cry for Mistress," Janet said softly as she held Diane to her chest
  and stroked her hair.  
Hearing these words, Diane broke into sobs and cried out her fears and pain
  while Janet held her. When she was finally finished, Janet lifted Diane's face
  to hers and kissed her deeply.  
Diane eagerly accepted the kiss and melted into Janet while the kiss lingered.
  Finally Janet broke the kiss and then looked at Amy and said, "Sweetheart,
  would you take Diane to the bathroom where she can shit? Momma wants to finish
  her coffee."  
"Of course Momma", Amy said since she had already been instructed by Janet
  as to what to do. "Come Diane," said Amy as she got up and moved to the bathroom.  
"Yes Miss Amy," Diane said softly as she followed Amy.  
When the two arrived at the bathroom, Amy stood in the hall and motioned
  Diane inside, and then followed her in and shut the door. "All right Diane,
  since my mother owns you and she told me to make sure you shit well, get to
  it, because I don't have all day."  
At these words, Diane stripped off her clothes and sat on the toilet as Amy
  stood and watched her. Then Diane placed both hands on top of her head, arched
  her back slightly so her breasts were thrust out and turned her face to the
  right.  
As per Janet's instructions, Amy softly stroked Diane's cheek and said "Very
  good. You remembered how to behave when you shit. I think you will make a good
  cow if you keep this up." Then she looked closely at Diane's nipples. They
  seemed to be a bit puffy and as she touched one, Diane gave a little start. "Oh,
  did that hurt?" Amy asked knowing full well that the cream she had applied
  to Diane's udders last night was laced with hormones formulated to make her
  sensitive and prone to lactating.  
"no miss Amy," Diane replied as she continued looking to her right. "just
  a bit sensitive."  
"Well," Amy said as she fondled the other globe noticing its heft and firmness, "it
  is probably a sign that you are preparing for your breeding. Which is good,
  but enough of this. You need to piss and shit now, so I can tell mother that
  you behaved yourself and did as you were told."  
Saying that, Amy stood up and watched Diane as she dumped into the toilet.
  After about 10 minutes, Amy asked if Diane had finished and when she said yes,
  Amy told her to stand and spread her legs.  
Remembering how Janet had wiped her yesterday, Diane stood with her hands
  still atop her head, squatted slightly and spread her legs, exposing herself
  to Amy, who took some toilet paper and gently wiped the dribbles. Then as per
  Janet's instructions, Amy moved Diane to the side, took a warm damp washcloth
  from the sink, put the top on the toilet, and sat on it. She then told Diane
  to drop her arms and lay across her lap. With one hand she spread Diane's ass
  cheeks, and used some toilet paper to clean her crack. She then spit on Diane's
  rosebud and inserted her finger into Diane's asshole.  
"What are you?" Amy asked of the woman laying over her lap. "I am a cow,
  Miss Amy." Diane replied.  
"Does it bother you that I have my finger in your ass?" she asked. "No Miss
  Amy, I am your mother's property and my body belongs to her." Diane replied.  
"Very good," Amy said as she pulled out her finger, wiped it with the washcloth
  and then used the washcloth to clean Diane's rosebud. "A cow's ass is very
  important because the bull is always allowed access to it. My mother told me
  that sometimes a cow's cunt may be capped if she is to be cross bred or is
  being punished. So a cows ass must always be flexible, clean and fresh for
  use by the bull or any owners, and my mom says we need to make it is stretched
  to the right size as well as keeping you clean."  
As she was saying this, Amy had wrapped her finger with part of the washcloth
  and was now inserting it roughly into Diane's ass again. Diane grunted from
  the pain and involuntarily tightened her sphincter on the much larger and much
  rougher intruding digit.  
When Amy felt the tension in Diane's ass, she slapped the cow's rump very
  hard and said, "Don't fight me on this you bitch. If you can't relax your ass
  enough then push out a bit so I can get my finger in. Otherwise, we can stop
  this and I'll take you to my mother for some discipline. Is that what you want? "  
"I'm sorry Miss Amy, please try again. I'll be better, I promise" Diane said.
  So Amy pushed down with her finger while Diane tried to push out with her ass.
  Finally the washcloth clad finger was inserted and after some rubbing Diane
  was cleaned to Amy's satisfaction.  
"Well, mother said that after a few times it will be a lot easier to clean
  your ass, so just remember what you have to do after you shit so we don't have
  this problem again. But now, we are finished here, so get dressed and we will
  go see my Mom."  
Obediently Diane got up from Amy's lap, dressed and followed her out the
  door and back to the kitchenette.  
When they got back to the kitchenette, Janet was reading the paper and had
  just finished another cup of coffee. She looked up as they entered the room. "come
  here, sweetie" Janet said to Amy as she patted her lap.  
Unhesitatingly, Amy moved and sat on her lap and Janet kissed her deeply.
  When they finished kissing, Janet asked if Diane had behaved herself and shit
  like she was supposed to, and Amy replied that it went OK. Then Amy leaned
  up and kissed her mom again, and whispered into her ear.  
Jane smiled down at her and then said, "OK, but you know the rules. Take
  Diane into the living room, and have her help you get ready. Then tell Diane
  to come back here and get me. I want to read the paper a bit."  
On hearing this, Amy quickly kissed her mom again and said "thanks mom, come
  on Diane, you need to help me."  
Diane obediently followed Amy into the living room. "Now here is what Mom
  demands when she feeds me. First I have to be completely naked and that includes
  no jewelry, hair pins or anything else, so this pony tail has to go too. Second
  she wants the pillows in the easy chair to be fluffed up before she gets here,
  and finally she wants to footstool available for when she may need it. So here,
  help me with my dress, " Amy said as she began to undress and hand the clothes
  to Diane who gently folded them.  
Janet of course was not reading the paper, but was instead listening to Amy's
  commands to Diane (her birth mother) and was listening intently for any comments
  from Diane. Hearing none, she relaxed and began considering her next moves
  for both Diane's training and the eventual subjugation of Michelle, who was
  her real goal. So Janet's mind considered a number of options until Diane appeared
  at the opening to the kitchenette. She waited until Janet noticed her and then
  curtsied while she said, "Miss Amy asks that her mother come and feed her Miss
  Janet."  
Janet smiled at how easily the words came from Diane's mouth and rose to
  follow her into the living room. There Amy was standing naked in front of the
  wing backed chair. The pillows had all been fluffed up and the footstool was
  nearby.  
"Oh my little baby looks so nice," Janet said as she walked over to the blushing
  Amy. Janet then wrapped Amy in her arms and they kissed each other deeply.
  Breaking the kiss, Janet sat in the chair and loosened the sash on her robe
  and let it slip from her shoulders. Then she lifted both of her breasts and
  softly fondled them while her nipples got hard. "Oh how I wish I had some real
  milk for my baby, but don't worry honey, our cow will soon be with milk and
  I will let you feed from her sometime. Won't that be fun?" Janet asked as she
  looked sweetly at Amy. "Oh yes Mama," Amy replied in a sultry whisper.  
Janet gazed at the girl and thought how easily she took to nudity and to
  demanding obedience from others. Even her beloved Maya had shown an initial
  reluctance to strip in front of her birth mother and Maya was certainly much
  more timid when Janet instructed her to discipline her birth mother. But Amy,
  on the other hand, seemed to adopt her role as her due and was beginning to
  revel in it.  
These thoughts pleased Janet as she held open her arms and said, "Come here
  sweetheart, come to Mommy." Hearing this Amy sat down softly in Janet's lap.
  Janet cradled Amy's head in the crook of her left arm and guided the girl's
  lips to her breast. With her right hand, she gently rubbed Amy's thighs, and
  whispered, "Come on sweetie, open your legs for mommy."  
Hearing the whisper, Amy sighed and spread her legs to give Janet access.
  Janet then kissed the suckling girl's cheek and lifted her head to look at
  Diane who was standing where she had stopped when Janet followed her into the
  living room. The eyes of the two women met. Janet's gaze radiated pride, ownership,
  and control. Diane met her gaze and her soul reflected humility, servitude,
  and acceptance of all that her mistress desired.  
"Diane, kneel over here at my daughter's feet," Janet said quietly as she
  pointed to a spot on the left side of the chair. Wordlessly Diane moved to
  the spot indicated and knelt down. Janet then whispered into the ear of her
  suckling daughter, "Sweetie, Mommy is going to let Diane pleasure you now while
  I hold you and keep you safe, so just relax and let Mommy take care of you."  
Saying this, Janet kissed Amy's cheek softly and watched her daughter gently
  pull at her breast. Amy had closed her eyes and was the picture of contentment
  as she felt her heartbeat change to keep time with Janet's. She felt Janet's
  arms holding her securely and she began to float serenly on a sea of contentment.  
Watching Amy suckle with such apparent pleasure and commitment to her once
  again gave Janet the familiar sense of triumph and thrill of control. Then
  she looked directly into Diane's eyes and quietly said, "Show me how much you
  love me. Pleasure my daughter with your mouth."  
Diane lowered her eyes and replied, "yes Miss Janet," in a barely audible
  whisper. She then leaned forward as she placed her hands gently on the inside
  of Amy's thighs. Diane was on autopilot now. She only knew that she had to
  show her mistress how much she loved her and that she wanted to please Amy
  more than anything. She lovingly rubbed the girl's thighs with a gently soothing
  motion and slowly separated them some more.  
For a brief moment she stared at the young slit exposed to her gaze. "So
  smooth, so clean" she heard herself say, as she felt her owner's hand gently
  push the back of her head towards the exposed slit. That hand, her mistress's
  hand, soothed her racing mind and she felt her owning as a physical presence.
  Her mistress did own her and she accepted that thought with a calm certainty
  and a warm feeling of security seeped slowly through her.  
The hand continued to gently press her face forward and as she bent closer,
  Diane closed her eyes and thoughts of Michelle flashed through her mind. Michelle
  laying open before her, offering herself. Giving of herself and her juices
  to feed her.  
Then her nose gently touched Amy's skin and with her intake of breath came
  Amy's fragrance. She extended the tip of her tongue and reverently touched
  the sweet offering given to her by her mistress. She heard an intake of breath
  and felt Amy shiver with an arousal she knew was the first time for this young
  girl and she felt pleased that her mistress was allowing her to give such pleasure.
  The hand continued its pressure, but now patted her hair and stroked her neck,
  showing her that her actions were pleasing to her mistress as well. Diane knew
  how to please and she slowly licked, then blew softly and then licked again
  the soft folds before her. The fragrances grew stronger and she felt the girl's
  legs stiffen as she bent to her task.  
Janet had watched Diane's submission to her will and she felt elated with
  the cow's actions. When Diane's lips touched Amy, she felt the young girl start
  and looked as she pulled away from her breast and stared at her wild eyed. "Shhhh,
  sweet baby, " Janet cooed as she stroked her face and then lightly kissed the
  girl's lips, "let the cow please you. Relax and show Mommy what a good girl
  you are. Hold onto Mommy baby, and ask me if you can climax when you are ready."  
The poor girl had never felt such an overpowering feeling. The tongue between
  her legs was kissing her, licking her, touching her and she felt her soul open
  to the feelings. Her eyes focused and she saw Janet smiling at her and felt
  overwhelmed with love and a thousand other emotions that swept through her.
  She threw her arms around Janet's neck and raised herself to her mother's lips. "Oh
  god mommy," she could barely gasp, "Please don't let her stop&hellip;please,
  please&hellip;." . then she felt her mother pull her close and their lips met.
  She opened her mouth and mewed with pleasure as she surrendered to the invading
  tongue. She felt Janet's fingers pulling and twisting her young nipples as
  she buried her face in Janet's neck and almost wept with pleasure.  
Then she heard the voice as she felt a tongue lap her ear. "who is your mommy
  baby? Whose Baby are you?" the voice asked. "you're my mommy", she gasped and
  her body stiffened under the onslaughts, "I belong to you. Everything I have
  is yours. Please teach me to be a good baby girl for you."  
Janet smiled as she watched the girl writhe on her lap in ecstasy and recalled
  Maya's first orgasm at the hands and mouth of her birthmother. How Maya had
  struggled within herself, trying to accept the incredible pleasure and at the
  same time trying to reconcile the shame and degradation such an act brought
  to her. Janet remembered the tears and then the hatred and shame that Maya
  displayed for days after the event, and how it took Janet a long time to persuade
  Maya to put aside the shame and accept her role as Janna's owner and mistress.
  Even today, Janet knew that Janna still served her daughter and received discipline
  at Maya's whim even as Maya was disciplined by her new owner.  
Soon Janet realized that Amy was nearing her climax and pulled Diane's head
  up a bit. Amy's spasms slowed and she relaxed as she opened her eyes to stare
  at Janet in bewilderment. Janet smiled at her and said, "look at the cow Amy, " as
  she tilted back Diane's head showing her face covered with Amy's juices. "She
  loves to please you. She loves your taste, your smell, and your joy. Your pleasure
  is her pleasure. Now hold her head, here and here," she said as she placed
  Amy's hands on Diane's hair. "Guide her, teach her how to pleasure you. Reward
  her with your pleasure my sweet baby" Janet whispered as she gently kissed
  Amy's flushed cheek.  
Amy didn't answer but closed her eyes and pulled Diane's face back to her
  slit, intent on capturing her escaping ecstasy. For her part, Diane knew that
  she had to please Amy and thus please Janet. She also knew what Amy liked so
  as she felt Amy's pressure on her hair she once again dropped her face to the
  young girl's cunt where she licked, then blew and licked it again.  
As Janet watched Amy's excitement increase, she held the girl close and whispered
  in her ear. "Pull the cow's face to where it pleasures you. Talk to her, call
  her your cunt&hellip;tell her how to please you. She is here for you. She is
  your bitch."  
Amy needed no more coaching. She was beside herself with excitement and as
  she began humping her pelvis onto Diane's face she began panting and commanding
  Diane on how to please her.  
"Use your tongue! Harder you stupid bitch, more more&hellip;.. Eat me deep&hellip;..yes,
  right there, oh yes&hellip;don't stop you slut. If you fail me, I will whip
  your fatass myself&hellip;.Oh god, yes, oh God, yessssssssssssssssssss!"  
Amy arched her back and her legs tightened as the waves of release flowed
  over her. Her insides spasmed from her first climax and she saw the room get
  dark as wave after wave washed through her.  
Diane felt Amy grip her hair harder and harder and then her face was encased
  in the young girl's steel thighs. Diane knew the climax was at hand and thrust
  her face harder and deeper into the young girl's slit as Amy pulled her closer
  and closer and thrust her hips harder and harder onto the probing tongue.  
Suddenly Diane felt the spasms begin and she pushed her tongue deeper and
  deeper into the slit. Then she raised her chin and thrashed her tongue over
  the girl's clit as wave after wave of climax shuddered through Amy. Diane heard
  moans, shouts, swearing, and felt like her hair was being pulled out of her
  head. Warm liquid began to flow suddenly against her chin in time to the spasms
  and she felt Amy shake as each wave hit her. The pressure from the thighs increased
  and her breathing was limited. She somehow gasped for breaths when Amy rocked
  her pelvis back in order to push forward onto her face. Smothering, slick skin,
  then heated air, then move skin, heated air, more skin. It went on and on.
  She felt nothing, heard nothing, and knew nothing except that she had to please.
  Please the mistress, please the daughter, make them love her.  
More voices, more juice, more thrusting. She was encompassed in the smell
  of musk. Her hair hurt from the pulling, her knees ached from kneeling and
  yet she never felt so complete. She was pleasing them. They would love her
  and take care of her. Then, it all began to slow down. She felt the hands release
  her hair and the thighs began to relax. Her head was released and yet she remained
  with her mouth on the slit. Softly caressing it with her tongue. Gently kissing
  the red, wet lips. Blowing air on them gently as if a mother were kissing her
  newborn. She raised her hands where they had rested on her own legs and now
  began to gently massage Amy's inner thighs. She kissed the trembling thighs,
  her tongue bathed the slit, and she lapped languidly at the moisture that flowed
  there. Then she felt a hand in her hair, gently turning her face upward to
  look at Miss Amy's. There was a softness in the girl's eyes and her body was
  covered with a light sheen of sweat. The hand moved to her cheek and it caressed
  her softly. She heard the voice. "you've done very well Diane. My daughter
  is pleased with your mouth and she rewarded you with her juices. Do you like
  her taste, my cow?" Janet's voice softly asked.  
Diane heard her voice. She felt like it was far away. She only knew the touch
  of the hand, the taste on her lips, and the eyes of her mistress's daughter
  who looked into her soul and beyond. "Yes mistress," she heard her voice reply. "her
  taste is my life, just as you are my life."  
"Stand up, " Janet said and as Diane did so, she took Diane's hand and gently
  pulled her to stand in front of the chair. Janet, still fully clothed stood
  quietly, staring straight ahead as she had been taught. Amy, naked, and now
  quietly letting the orgasm's final tremors wash through her sat on Janet's
  lap, her head resting against Janet's cheek as the both looked at Diane standing
  inches in front of them. "Stand for inspection" Janet softly said, and Diane
  placed her hands atop her head and spread her legs more than shoulder length.  
Janet inwardly sneered at the woman who stood there awaiting the next command.
  Diane was weak and deserved this, and then her mind said, no she wanted this.
  She was weak, afraid and tired of fighting her husband. She wanted to give
  it up. She needed to give up and she wanted to give it to her. Again, Janet
  knew the strong prevailed, as they always did. Now she owned not only Diane's
  body, but her youngest daughter and soon would also have her other child. Amy
  sat placidly on her lap, and Janet held her close, then leaned forward and
  put her fingers between Diane's spread thighs.  
Her probing fingers felt the Cow's outer lips and slipped inside where they
  were soon covered with moisture. She pressed another two fingers in and saw
  a flicker of impending lust pass across Diane's eyes and she smiled to herself.
  This one has much promise she thought and then pulled out her shiny fingers. "Look
  sweetie," she whispered in Amy's ear. "See how much this bitch enjoyed giving
  you pleasure. She is wet herself. Her taste her and know that she gets wet
  because of you." Janet said as she raised her fingers to Amy's mouth. Amy obediently
  licked the fingers and then kissed Janet's hand.  
"very good sweetie. You did very well when Diane pleasured you, except you
  climaxed without my permission and I told you to ask me before you did. Because
  I know you are a good girl and only make mistakes if they can't be avoided
  I won't punish you now, but we will discuss it tonight after school."  
Then Janet looked at Diane and said, "my daughter needs to go to school later
  this morning, so go draw her a bath and call us when it is ready."  
"yes mistress Janet," Diane said as she dropped her arms and left for the
  bathroom.  
Amy and Janet watched her depart, and then Janet gave Amy quick hug, kissed
  her cheek and then said, "Now listen to how I want you to treat her when you
  take your bath."  
As she drove back to the guesthouse after dropping Amy off at school, Janet
  rolled over in her mind how well things had gone with Amy and Diane this morning.
  In fact, Janet was very pleased and somewhat surprised at Amy's willingness
  to dominate her birth mother and how she talked openly to Janet about the breeding
  process, how it was done, and how a cow reacted. Of course, Janet gave her
  the vaguest of answers and told her that she would be filled in on the whole
  process after Michelle was brought on board. Amy had asked why the wait and
  Janet told her that Diane's real value was not in being selectively bred and
  then having a calf, but that Michelle was Diane's first generation of calf
  and breeding Michelle was much more important. The owners could observe first
  hand the traits that Michelle displayed and compare them to Diane and her bull
  (Michelle and Amy's birth father) and then develop a good genetic match for
  the third generation of Diane's line.  
Janet thought Amy's response to her comments was surprising. Amy showed a
  mixture of disappointment and petulance that Janet considered a bit childish
  and out of character with her other actions, but the girl did ask a number
  of questions that were very insightful and showed she had a clear head for
  business.  
However, Amy's eagerness to breed Diane and her behavior when she was told
  it would take a while long piqued Janet a bit. But thinking on it, Janet decided
  that this was probably just a normal outcome for a young girl who was being
  pushed into an early adulthood and a lifestyle that until recently she probably
  never knew existed. "So much like her mother", Janet thought. "Totally unaware
  that the world was indeed a rough place that only considered money and revolved
  around pleasure. Like Amy, her mother Diane just couldn't imagine that children
  from prime stock brought prime dollars, not to mention the value of the women
  themselves. And that Diane, as na&iuml;ve as she was, was a beauty and definitely
  prime stock. The fact that she also had her daughter Michelle, a teenager who
  was developing into a beautiful young woman made Diane even more desirable." Janet
  smiled to herself again as she thought of the money Diane and Michelle would
  produce for her, not to mention the satisfaction of totally controlling the
  two women and becoming the center of their respective worlds'. To her if there
  was anything more rewarding than finding the right submissive woman, training
  her to become a cow, teaching her to beg for her own possession and then have
  her offer herself up, it was to find a mother who had submissive daughters
  that would follow her into their owner's possession. "What a power trip," Janet
  said aloud "and so rewarding too."  
Some moments later when Janet arrived at the guesthouse and walked in the
  front door, she was pleased to see Diane standing patiently in the foyer, eyes
  downcast, clutching a photo album. Janet stood for a moment and slowly appraised
  Diane's appearance and demeanor, noting that both had improved remarkably during
  the past few weeks.  
Diane now wore a fresh and different outfit from the one she had worn when
  she served Janet and Amy early this morning. The tennis skirt and sleeveless
  blouse had been replaced by some rather tight shorts and a tube top that accentuated
  Diane's large breasts and displayed her erect nipples. Her hair was once again
  freshly combed and had been brushed to a lustrous blonde sheen, while her skin
  glowed from a recent washing. "So sweetie", Janet purred as she stroked Diane's
  cheek, "you showered, applied new makeup, changed our outfit, and found the
  photos just like I told you. You must have been very, very busy."  
"Yes mistress, I was." Janet replied as a shudder ran through her that was
  produced by Janet's touch on her face. Her nipples became even more erect and
  she turned her head slightly so she could kiss the hand that was stroking her
  and, if allowed, suck her mistress's fingers.  
"I am amazed that you did all of that and managed to put the photos in an
  album too. " Janet said as she continued to stroke Diane's cheek.  
"I didn't put them in the album mistress," Diane said. "My first husband
  made this album when I got pregnant the first time and then added to it when
  I was pregnant the second time. He used to show it to his drinking buddies
  so they could see what getting pregnant was doing to me. He always showed it
  to them when they came over to watch football games and I was serving them
  drinks. They all laughed at me. I used to cry all the time about it. In fact,
  I wanted to destroy this album, but my husband made me keep it. Then when he
  was killed and we lost our home, it got caught up in the moving and I didn't
  find it until you told me to get some pictures. I found it in one of the moving
  boxes we never unpacked after I married Robert."  
"Well that was fortunate since I want to see how you looked when you were
  carrying", Janet whispered softly as she continued to stroke Diane's face. "But
  remember this, first you are a cow. You have no husband, and you never had
  a husband. You always had bulls. Your first bull was killed and your second
  tried to have you committed. Both of them are bastards and I will deal with
  Robert in due course. You have no children, you have calves. I took your second
  calf and made her my child and now you have one calf. You will have at least
  one more calf but unlike the mad thrusting from your past bulls, your future
  breeding will be logical and controlled.  
I will discuss with you my desires and wishes for you, so you will know in
  advance what I want. You will be prepared for your calving in great detail
  and know exactly what is expected of you. When I decide that you are ready,
  you will be bred with a bull that I pick in a forum that will provide you the
  greatest support and promote your calving.  
You know that you can't make it without me Diane. You know you belong to
  me and that you need me. You are incapable of making sound decisions, you allowed
  yourself to be exploited by two bulls because you are stupid and na&iuml;ve.
  You allowed one of your calf's to be fucked by a bull even though she is underage
  and you almost allowed your second calf to have the same fate. You are weak,
  stupid, and I think lazy. So I am going to take care of you and your calf because
  I don't want to see her life wasted and ruined by allowing you to make decisions
  for her. You are mine Diane and Michelle will be mine too. Do you understand
  all of this sweetie?" Janet asked softly as she continued to stroke Diane's
  cheek. She knew that her biting words delivered in a soft and caring voice
  would strike Diane to the core of her being and help erode her self worth,
  thus binding her more and more to Janet's desires.  
Hearing the words, Diane felt her spirits drop and tears began to trickle
  from her eyes. She tried not to cry but she knew that everything Janet said
  was true. She was stupid she said to herself. First John and then Robert had
  exploited her. They fucked her whenever they wanted and whichever way they
  wanted and could care less what she desired. They displayed and showed her
  off to their friends whenever they wanted and they humiliated her all the time
  and they hurt her again and again. Her desire to find security and protection
  had allowed all of this and ultimately ruined her life. She would have also
  ruined Amy and Michelle's if Janet hadn't come along and made her see what
  was happening. Thank God, Diane thought that Janet is taking control and protecting
  her. Diane knew that when Janet did things to her that she didn't like, Janet
  explained why she did them and how she wanted Diane to behave. Everytime Janet
  punished her, Janet softly explained why she was being punished and what she
  expected from her in the future and how sorry it made Janet when she had to
  hurt her so much. Many times Janet had discussed with her what was the best
  way to punish her and sometimes Janet even let her pick how much punishment
  she should get.  
Diane also recalled that even as the punishment was going on and Diane was
  crying from the pain, Janet would kiss her softly and comfort her for a few
  moments so she could find the strength to bear it and not continue to disappoint
  her mistress by begging her to stop.  
All of these thoughts flashed through Diane's mind as her heart burnt from
  Janet's words. All she could say was "thank you mistress for taking care of
  me and protecting me. I will be good for you and do everything I can to please
  you."  
"I know you will sweetie," Janet said as her spirit's soared at Diane's submission. "Now
  let's go into the kitchenette. I want you to strip and lay face up on the table
  so I can compare how you looked in these photos and how your body looks now.
  I also want to check you for stretch marks and varicose veins to make sure
  your next calving doesn't detract from your beauty" she said smiling.  
At this, Diane sniffed, wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and gave
  her mistress a shy smile. Then Janet reached down, took the album from Diane's
  hands and walked into the kitchenette, followed by Diane. Janet removed a coffee
  cup from the table, and began to make herself a cup of tea in the microwave,
  as Diane removed her clothes, hoisted herself onto the table, lay on her back
  and stared at the ceiling as she waited for her mistress's next command.  
As the water heated, Janet looked at the woman lying on the table before
  her. She laid the album down beside the naked form and opened it without comment.
  Diane lay before her mistress complacently, completely exposed and at ease
  with her situation. Janet laid a hand gently on the woman's stomach and lightly
  stroked it as she watched the nipples harden and noticed a slight intake of
  her breath. "Your udders are quite attractive, " Janet said, as she continued
  to stroke Diane. "I think getting you the implants helped make them more firm
  and make you more desirable. In fact, looking at these photos, I think you
  are looking better now than you did before. It seems that you carried your
  calves high throughout your breeding phase and when they finally did drop,
  it was quite noticeable. Is that true?"  
"Yes mistress," Diane replied as she as she responded to Janet's touch and
  felt the slow stirrings begin in her lower belly, "My bull always said I carried
  like I was proud of being pregnant."  
Janet reached down and softly rubbed Diane's mound for a moment, and then
  grabbed a handful of pubic hair and slowly squeezed, knowing that she was causing
  a lot of pain. Diane arched her back in agony and looked into her mistress's
  eyes as Janet 's face lowered to hers. "Listen to me you stupid cow. This is
  the second time I will tell you. Cows have calves. They're bred, they calf,
  and they are milked. Women get pregnant, they have babies, and they nurse.
  You are a cow. You will be bred, you will calf and you will be milked. Do you
  understand?" she hissed. "I am getting tired of telling you what you are."  
Diane was beside herself with pain,"Yes mistress I understand. Please let
  go, it hurts so much!! I'm so sorry Mistress, " Diane cried, "But I don't know
  all the right word for what I am. I don't even know how I will be bred or how
  I will calf for you. Please don't be mad at me. I want to be good, but I'm
  so stupid I don't know what to say or do, please Mistress, please teach me."  
Excellent, Janet thought. She is getting desperate now. "There, there sweetie, "Janet
  crooned as she petted the nude woman's forehead. "I know you're sorry and I
  know you're trying hard, but when you're stupid it is really hard. I think
  what I will do is have another cow visit you a few times each week so you can
  talk to her and she can explain how you should act and what to say. Would you
  like that dear?"Janet asked in a tone that dripped with sweetness.  
"Oh yes mistress, please let me talk to another cow so she can teach me how
  to be good and make you happy."  
"all right my dear, " Janet said, "I will set it up tomorrow, but for now,
  since you are having a hard time remembering what I've told you, do you have
  any questions that I can answer now?"  
"Oh mistress thank you so much for your kindness, " Diane said quietly as
  she lay there trembling in both fear and arousal under her owner's touch. "I
  have a lot of questions but I know they're stupid so I can wait if you would
  like me to."  
"No dear, ask me your questions now and I will answer them. Then when the
  cow comes you can talk to her for some more answers, so what do you want to
  know. "  
"Well mistress, will I be living in a barn with other cows and then calf
  in the straw?" Diane asked in an almost little girl's voice tinged with fear.  
Janet continued to stroke Diane's body as she lay on the kitchenette table
  and suppressed a smile at the question. "no sweetie, cows these days don't
  live in barns, but live with their owner's or where their owner's want them
  to live. Some cows I know live with a bull or a male owner and they serve him
  even though their owner lives somewhere else, other owners have two or three
  cows living together. In every case, support for the cow is the most important
  consideration. You see your calving is very, very important to not only me,
  but to a great number of other owners who want you to deliver a very healthy
  calf that reflects on their stable and bloodlines. So not only will you have
  me watching you and taking care of you, but the other owners will also be periodically
  inspecting you, making sure you are healthy, and plotting your progress so
  you wont' have any problems. In fact, the herd you will be joining always has
  an older cow stay with the younger cow through the breeding, then the calving,
  and sometimes even during the milking phase. Does that make you feel a bit
  better about how you'll be supported and what will be expected of you. I know
  the support you'll be getting will be LOT more than you ever got before. Now
  what else do you want to know?" Janet asked as she thought about how Diane
  seemed to be accepting her breeding and here new life.  
"I was just wondering mistress, " Diane said in a tremulous voice, " how
  the breeding will occur and what will happen to the calf after I drop. I know
  that I belong to you and everything that comes from me belongs to you, and
  of course I will do whatever you want, but if I have an idea of what you would
  like to have happen and how you want me to behave, I know I can behave better
  so it will make you happier. I know this sounds crazy and I am not expressing
  myself clearly, but I want you to know that I do love you and am glad you are
  taking care of me, so if I have an idea of what you want to happen, then I
  can do my best to make sure you are happy."  
Hearing this, Janet smiled delightedly, and leaned down and kissed Diane
  softly on the lips and stroked her cheek, as she said, "sweetie I know you
  love me and that is only natural. Cows always love their owners and in a different
  way, they almost always love their bulls after they get to know them. But don't
  worry about the breeding. I think a natural, open breeding is best, especially
  for you since both of your earlier breedings were probably unhappy events done
  in solitude without any support. I mean your bull probably just fucked you
  one night, whether you wanted it or not, and then you found yourself calfing.
  Now, what I envision, and what is generally done, is that after I select a
  herd and a bull, you are introduced to him and his owners in a casual setting.
  Generally this means that I would have them over for dinner and the owner's
  would inspect you, find out what kind of cow you were, etc. If they find you
  acceptable, then we would discuss your breeding and I would let you listen
  in. I would also want Michelle there since she will also belong to the same
  herd and thus breed the same bull too, but only if your breeding goes well.
  Then after a bunch of particulars are resolved, we will set another date for
  the coupling. This of course takes a lot of time and preparation but in general
  your bull mounts you at least three times a day for about four days when I
  know that you are at the peak of your ovulation. I like a casual approach to
  it, in that the bull and the cows, at least you and Michelle and of course
  the bull's owners meet for breakfast at the breeding site which will probably
  be one of the owner's homes. Then after breakfast, the cow is prepared and
  afixed to a breeding table. Then the bull is brought in and he mounts her.
  All of the owner's are there to watch the process and make sure the cow is
  properly bred. Then after the bull drops his sperm he is led from the room
  to rest ands prepare for the next meeting. The cow stays on the breeding table
  so the sperm can settle then she is released and spends time with the owners
  until the next meeting. This continues for three to four days and then the
  cow leaves the site to await the outcome. If it is positive, then that ends
  the cow/bull mating cycle, if not then the cycle is repeated the next time
  the cow is in ovulation until the breeding takes. After that many owners don't
  allow the cow to be with the bull again, but I think a cow, even one who is
  calving needs to visit her bull, and if he isn't available, then some other
  bull at least every three months just so she remembers what she is for. So
  even when you are carrying, you will see your bull every so often and find
  yourself being mounted by him fairly frequently. "  
"now in regards the the calving itself. Cows are generally allowed to keep
  just one of their calves since it generally helps the bloodline. In your case
  Michelle is already with you and I will have her bred sometime after you drop,
  so my calf will be removed from you and given to another herd. I want you to
  spend your energy making milk for me and teaching Michelle how to be a good
  calf as well. Also during this time, your bloodline and ownership markings
  will be put on you and it will be imperative that devote your energies to my
  wishes since your behavior and Michele's will reflect on me. "  
While she was saying this, Janet watched Diane's slit become moistened as
  her arousal levels heightened as she became aware of the implication of Janet's
  words and what her future held.  
"Mistress, " Diane asked as she continued to respond to the caresses of her
  owner. "What are bloodline and ownership markings and how will they be put
  on me?"  
"Well sweetie", Janet said as she lightly stroked Diane's slit and gently
  rubbed the oozing fluids onto the sides of her cunt, "bloodline markings are
  symbols that show other owners and other cows what type of breedings you have
  had and whether you had calves or bulls. They also show if the breedings were
  inherd, across herd, or in the open. Most people think that all of the tattoos
  they see many young women, porn queens, and movie starlets sporting these days
  are just body art or some kind of artistic statement. However, a very large
  proportion of those markings are actually bloodline and ownership markings.
  You see many, many cows, and you will be one of them, are raised to not only
  look good at all times, but to be admired and used by their owners as companions
  or special friends. So the cows are exercised quite a lot and spend an inordinate
  amount of time reading and studying in order to be more interesting to their
  owners and their owner's friends. Of course, beauty shops, trainers, tutors,
  etc. are all very expensive, and their owners' try to recoup their costs by
  using them in movies, as publicity agents, or in any field that requires someone
  to look their best as well as have a supportive personality. Thus you see a
  lot of models, young starlets, and even a large number of trophy wives showing
  off tattoos of various types. Some of the tattoos are just body decoration,
  but many of them indicate that the wearers are cows owned by someone."  
"You may have noticed", Janet went on, "that while the really big name models
  and stars stay on the cinema scene a long time, a number of startling beautiful
  starlets appear to be hot and then they just fade from the scene. Much of the
  ones that fade off the scene are actually cows who are being bred by their
  owner's or doing something else that their owner's desire."  
Throughout this discussion, Janet had been slowly stroking Diane's slit and
  watched delightedly as the woman's arousal juices oozed around her fingers
  and her nipples began to harden. "in fact," Janet continued, " in a few minutes
  we will go into the den and I will show pictures of some cows I know are on
  the internet. But right now, I want you to lick my fingers and clean your juices
  from them."  
Saying this Janet held her hand in front of Diane's lips. Diane's eye lids
  fluttered a bit as she closed her eyes and gently rolled her tongue over her
  mistress's dripping fingers. "you are such a good cow, " Janet said softly
  as she watched Diane lick her fingers and respond to her touch, "and you were
  so good this morning. I know you will breed well for me won't you."  
Janet was in ecstasy, as she heard Diane softly whisper, "Yes mistress, I
  am your property and I want to please you so much. If it pleases you to breed
  me, I will accept the pain and humiliation because you wish it. ".  
Janet smiled at Diane who returned her smile. "Very good sweetie", Janet
  said as she stopped her stroking and began to walk to the office. "now come
  into the office and I will show you some cows and tell you what the markings
  indicate. "  
Diane rolled off the table and felt the wetness between her legs as she padded
  softly behind her mistress. Janet entered the office and sat at the desk, starting
  the computer. She looked at Diane who stood in the doorway, and then pointed
  to the carpeted floor on the right side of her office chair. Without a word
  Diane walked over to the location Janet indicated and knelt, keeping her back
  erect. "Assume the waiting position, " Janet said quietly as she began to surf
  the net.  
Immediately Diane turned her nude body to face Janet and gently placed both
  her hands, palms down on Janet's right thigh. She stared straight ahead, waiting
  in respectful silence for her mistress's next command. Janet looked briefly
  down at her and smiled her pleasure with her performance. "now look here," Janet
  said as Diane turned her head and stared at the screen.  
There before her was what appeared to be a family website with a series of
  thumbnail photos depicting a visit to Disney world. Janet clicked on one of
  the photos that expanded to show a very attractive, bikini clad young mother
  smiling and holding an infant in her arms. Beside her stood what was obviously
  a teenage girl of asian descent who had her arm wrapped around the older woman's
  waist and was smiling into the camera too. The teenager, had her belly button
  pierced and wore a bikini quite similar to the older woman's . The caption
  read, 'my wonderful wife, Abby, holding Jessica, beside her step daughter,
  Lynn, at Disney world.'  
"Notice the tattoos on the arms of the women," Janet said. "At first glance,
  they look like the typical barbwire tattoo arm bands worn by young girls today.
  But you see how the various points are sometimes colored in differently and
  some points are rounded and a pattern is hard to pick out. These are owner's
  marks and indicate the both the women are owned by someone. If fact, since
  I recognize the mark, I am quite positive the husband is not the owner, but
  is probably paying a fee to keep the three of them. In fact, let's see if we
  can find another thumbnail that shows their backs, " Janet said as she shrank
  the photo and scrutinized the introductory screen.  
Diane stared at the screen as the photo disappeared and was replaced a few
  moments later by one of the woman laughing at the photographer over her shoulder
  as she seemed to struggle to get on an airmattress in the pool. Next to her,
  the young girl also adopted the same pose. Water was running off their backs
  which indicated both had both been trying to jump on the mattress and seemed
  to be really enjoying Disney World's swimming area.  
"Here," Janet said pointing to a tattoo that stretched across the woman's
  lower back, just above the top of the bikini. "You see this tattoo, the symbology
  of it indicates the woman has had three breedings. All of them in herd and
  that she is a third generation of her bloodline."  
"The girl's markings," Janet said as she pointed towards a smaller tattoo
  on the young girl's back in a position similar to the woman's, "indicate she
  is second generation calf, but has not yet been bred. I am assuming that their
  owner has decided that the woman will be the girl's support during her breeding
  and they will both stay with the man they are living with until that breeding
  and calling occurs. I'm betting the baby calf in the first picture is this
  cows third breeding and has been included in the photos as a means to advertise
  the herd's genetic predisposition. You see, the markings are very important
  and when they are displayed they will reflect to other owners the quality of
  this owner's stock and reflect on him personally." Janet said as she smiled
  down at Diane who was staring at the screen. Janet felt Diane's palms become
  heavier on her thighs and noted how erect she was holding herself. Her her
  nipples had become harder now and her breathing had become shallow.  
Janet moved her hand to stroke the naked woman's hair and exposed shoulder.
  She leaned down and kissed her ear softly and whispered, "Someday, you and
  Michelle will look like that. Happy in your life, marked for your usefulness,
  and knowing what you are and showing the world who owns you. You want that
  to happen don't you Diane? You want to be owned, to offer not only your body
  but your daughter's body to your owner, don't you? "  
Diane still stared at the woman and young girl on the screen. They seemed
  so content, happy, they were secure. She felt her mistress kiss her ear and
  heard her words. Her insides trembled. She nodded her head slowly, she wanted
  to please so much.  
She felt Janet pick up her hands from her thighs and heard the office chair
  swivel toward her.  
She still stared at the screen as Janet's left hand clicked the mouse. Thumbnail
  after thumbnail opened. Photo after photo appeared. The woman, the girl, the
  baby. Laughing on the lounges, mugging for the camera eating ice cream, smiling
  in the shops. Always showing their markings, their ownership. She looked at
  their bodies - how beautiful they were. Their smiles were so sincere, they
  were so happy. She knew the older woman had suffered for her owner. She had
  been bred and calved three times and and always offered her suffering and finally
  the calf to her owner. This time, the owner had decided to keep it. Had allowed
  her to suckle it. She knew the owner would raise it as another generation.  
Her mind showed her a picture of her and Michelle enjoying a holiday, displaying
  themselves for Janet, showing off their markings, making her proud of them.
  Offering her the fruits of their bodies, accepting the pain she gave them and
  then offering their suffering as a love gift.  
Janet had swiveled her chair so she was facing the kneeling woman. "What
  a beauty," Janet thought. Head erect and turned sideways to look at the screen
  Diane continued to stare as she had been told. She gazed on the shifting scenes
  in rapture knowing what those women were, knowing this was her future. Knowing
  she accepted it, and welcomed it.  
"Look at me Diane," she heard Janet say and she turned her head to stare
  into the eyes that owned her. "What do you want to give me. What do you want
  to be?"  
Diane stared into Janet's eyes and felt her hands being lowered onto her
  Mistress's warm thighs. The strength of Janet's thighs, their warmth, and their
  smoothness all seeped through her fingers and into her soul.  
A voice from far away began to speak. Diane recognized it as hers, but knew
  the words were her heart speaking. "I want to be yours, I want to be your property.
  I want to give you my daughter as my love gift. I want to give you my body
  and all that comes from it. I want to give you my soul." Diane heard the voice
  whisper and she knew it was true.  
She saw Janet smile and her hands felt Janet's thighs begin to spread. Janet's
  hand slowly reached out to the back of her head as she lowered her gaze in
  reverence and submission. She saw her mistress's womanhood appearing before
  her as the strong, powerful thighs spread. Firm but insistent pressure on her
  hair brought her face closer to the soft, curly mass of auburn hair that was
  the essence of her owner. She could smell the scent, she felt the power of
  the hand on head, and heard a voice softly say, "Please your mistress now",
  as she lowered her lips and kissed the essence of her ownership and once again
  submitted herself as a woman and as a mother.  







The wind blowing through her hair, as always, was invigorating to Janice.&nbsp; Not only did she enjoy driving her BMW convertible, but returning from a very successful and enjoyable weekend visit with one of her mentors added to her feeling of well being and contentment.&nbsp; 

In fact, Janet was very, very happy as she continued to roll the figures over in her head and once again played through the day's conversation between her and Lee Morgan. 

"Of course there is lots of money to be made with the breedings,"Lee had said, "but I want you to realize that the sale of the calf is just the tip of the iceberg as the less educated say. Besides purchasing the calf, which can net you between $25,000 and 50,000, there are other incomes that really push up the worth of not only this particular woman, but her daughter and the breeding line that you can establish.&nbsp; For example, at the breeding itself, a lot of clients will want to come and watch the proceedings.&nbsp; So right there, you can probably get between 6 and 10k per person per day!

"Now the owner of the bull will probably want half and I recommend you talk to Marissa, you remember her, the gal who sat next to you last night,&nbsp; about using her new bull Balthazar.&nbsp; He already has a following and you can probably count on 12 to 20 couples wanting to attend.&nbsp;&nbsp; That means that you can get another $200,000 for the breeding because Marissa prefers weekend events which generally last for about two days and are quite elegant.&nbsp; "

"And truth be told, I agree with that.&nbsp; They are more intimate and much more relaxed than the four or five hour breeding sessions we did in the old days.&nbsp; The guests actually become more acquainted with the cow and her calf and this builds future interest for the calving and the breed line, and of course that means you have a dedicated following and can count on more money in the future.&nbsp; And of course, if they come to the breeding, then you can probably count on a lot of those people coming to the calving.&nbsp; And now we can have the calving induced so you can actually schedule it, and again that could be another $200,000 even before the calf is sold."&nbsp; 

"Additionally if you film the breeding and the calving and sell them on line at a protected web site or distribute them via CDs using some clandestine courier networks, you can easily double your money again without taking any more risk or doing any more work, or using any other cow."

Then Lee said, "Marissa also does an introductory weekend where the cow and her calf are entered into the herd and are marked with the herd signs.&nbsp; Now this may seem like a non event to you, but a large number of clients are quite interested in the reactions of both the cow and the calf when they first meet their bull and how they react to their markings.&nbsp; It is especially good when the calf knows that the cow will soon be bred with the bull and that in the future she too will be bred.&nbsp; I particularly like the way Marissa handles these events because they are generally much like a normal party.&nbsp; Even the calf and her cow dress up, looking fresh and happy, then about halfway through the night, the bull is brought in where they cow and calf first meet him.&nbsp; That in itself is great and then the questions from the other guests as they talk to the cow and her calf really play with their minds and it makes for a great evening." 

"Of course there isn't a lot of sex at the marking events, but it is very good for the clients to meet the cow and her calf early since it puts a human face on them and they become real to the clients which is a lot better.&nbsp; Then whenever the breeding takes place, the clients know the pair and have a real interest in them.&nbsp; Generally Marissa charges half the price of a breeding weekend, but even 100k for just bringing them out for a weekend is pretty good, and you get to meet the clients yourself and can discuss ways to meet their particular needs as well."&nbsp; 

"In fact," Lee&nbsp; had gone on to say, "Marissa uses these weekends to set up rentals for Balthazar and some of the cows, so when the weekend is over, they are committed for weekend parties, weekend visits, and even one or two week vacations throughout the year.&nbsp; From what she tells me, each 24 hour that a cow is with a client normally costs the client about about $6000 and you get half, so a two week vacation for a client who takes the just the cow will net you about nearly $50,000 for doing nothing."&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Also, many clients, and strangely a lot of the female ones, enjoy spending time with a cow who is visibly pregnant and even more enjoy one who is milking.&nbsp; So if you induce her milk early on, she can earn even more for you."&nbsp; 

&nbsp; "All in all, " Lee said, "I think my dear that Diane and her daughter will probably provide you nearly $1 million their first year, and all of that is tax free and quite secure."&nbsp; 

Janet remembered the excitement in Lee's voice when she finally finished her recap of how much money Diane and Michelle were worth their first year.&nbsp; And of course Janet was delighted, not only with the money she would be getting but with the power she would have over the two women and their complete commitment to her.&nbsp; 

"Well the money sounds great, " Janet had said, "but Marissa also briefly mentioned at dinner last night, that she generally arranges the marriage of one of her calves and her cow early on in the process.&nbsp; She said the revenue stream is great and there is quite a demand for these "trophy wives."&nbsp; I meant to talk to her later and get more details, but the opportunity never came up so can you tell me what she was talking about"?

"Of course sweetie," Lee said.&nbsp; "It seems that Marissa has contacts with a lot of high priced people who generally decide that they want to get rid of their spouses and are more than willing to pay the alimony to ensure they go away quietly.&nbsp; But for a second fling with a trophy wife or in some cases a trophy significant other, a lot of these folks (both men and women) are reluctant to go down the matrimonial trail again. On the other hand these same folks have very powerful desires but they are afraid to indulge their predelictions in public or with a non family member because they are afraid of a very aggressive and snoopy&nbsp; press.&nbsp; And because of these fears, this is where Marissa steps in.&nbsp; She talks to these soon to be divorced power brokers and offers them a package deal.&nbsp; A beautiful, young trophy wife as well as her well trained mother for a fixed price per month (generally about $15,000 to 25,000 per month) in a multi year contract.&nbsp; Both the wife and the mother will not only do exactly as the husband (or owner) desires, but they are both smart, sophisticated, well trained, and above all, discreet.&nbsp; And the best part is, they will go away without a peep or a whine when the owner tells Marissa to make them disappear."&nbsp; 

As Janet heard this she was both shocked and delighted at the simplicity of the offering.&nbsp; A rich person gets what they want for as long as they want.&nbsp; Then, when the owner tells Marissa to pull the plug,&nbsp; the wife and here mother both go away without taking a dime or starting a messy divorce battle.&nbsp; In fact, she seemed to recall that one starlet who left her rich husband after about 4 years of marriage, had nothing but praise for her former husband (or owner), and they parted on the best of terms.&nbsp; At the time, it was quite a remarkable story, but hearing it now in light of the marriage system Marissa had initiated, the truth was even more astounding.&nbsp; 

"In fact," she recalled Lee saying, "Marissa's system was s real win for the rich since they could expense the rental they pay, yet enjoy whatever turned them on in the privacy and security of their own homes, and have no fear of an unhappy ex going to the press and spilling the beans.&nbsp; Additionally, the cow and her calf are fed, sheltered, disciplined, and sometimes trained by the owner and then returned to be sold again, and again."&nbsp; 

Janet was amazed, she could get about $600,000 per year from Dianne's husband/owner again tax free and absolutely secure,and then breed Michelle when the rental was over and start the process again.&nbsp; 

"Not bad," Janet thought to herself.&nbsp; "Nearly one million per year tax free,&nbsp; for the next ten to 12 years for Diane and Michelle.&nbsp; Is this a great country or what?"

Now on her way to pick up Diane from Madame Sue Ching's house, Janet thought the big money would soon be rolling in.&nbsp; 

In fact, she was so engrossed in her thoughts, that she almost missed the gated community's entrance and found herself braking hard to make the turn.&nbsp; For it was here that she had deposited Dianne with Sue Ching for some training and discipline work before she flew to see Lee Morgan.&nbsp; The thoughts at how well she had manipulated and deceived Dianne, caused her to smile and gave her a real sense of satisfaction and accomplishment.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 Initially telling Dianne that the two of them were going to spend a long weekend and some quality time with a friend, Dianne had gladly left her husband to travel with Janet to Sue Ching's.&nbsp; In fact, during the whole trip, Dianne bubbled on about how glad she was to be spending time with Janet and how she really appreciated Janet taking her under her wing.&nbsp; 

Then shortly after they arrived, Sue Ching had slipped a cocktail of&nbsp; very powerful naseau producing drugs coupled with a very mild hallucinatory substance into Dianne's second drink.&nbsp; In very short order, this reduced Dianne to a surreal vomiting state which allowed Janet to slip away and Sue Ching to assume Janet's role when necessary.&nbsp; 

Of course, all of this- the weekend together, the drinks, the deception -&nbsp; occurred at Sue Ching's suggestion since she had been formally trained as an interrogator and brainwashing expert as a young member of a military interrogation unit in the Red Chinese Army.&nbsp; Now at age 35, Sue Ching was using her skills as a member of the cartel that sold and bred woman to increase her wealth in the decadent west and at the same time find work that was enjoyable and very, very profitable.&nbsp; 

"Now" Janet thought to herself, "is a great time to see what Sue Ching has taught my bitch because at least I have an idea of what she is really worth, and hopefully Sue Ching is worth all the money I paid her so&nbsp; I won't have to devote too much more time to training Dianne and can get on with the breeding." 

 Janet knew that she needed to break Dianne to her will and was not very far away from achieving her ends.&nbsp; After that she would push Dianne to seduce her daughter, Michelle and then wrest control from Dianne and take over the daughter as well.&nbsp; Sensing that Michelle had already experienced some illicit affairs with her mother, Janet was sure it was just a matter of time before she presented both of them to Marissa and began discussions regarding their entering the herd and the breedings taking place.&nbsp; 

"Just a matter of time," Janet mused as she knocked on the door of the well kept home occupied by Sue Ching.

As the door opened, Janet was greeted by the sigh of Sue Ching dressed in a Vietnamese ao dais.&nbsp; "Well Ching, you look absolutely ravishing," Janet said with a smile as she leaned forward to hug the tall and very muscular Chinese woman, "and this dress looks absolutely fabulous on you."

"Thank you sweety," Ching responded as she tightly hugged Janet.&nbsp; 

Janet felt her arousal begin and knew she really didn't have the time for such activities no matter how promising the invitation, so she reluctantly turned to business and asked, " And how is my bitch doing?&nbsp; I trust her training has been going well these past three days."

"Well as a matter of fact, Janet," Ching said with a smile, "she has slept most of the time.&nbsp; I began her training just after you left and have kept her floating in and out of a dream state as I worked on her.&nbsp; I used temperature changes, nightmare inducing drugs, and even some pain, as I took her through the process.&nbsp; Every time she was in the dream state, I came in wearing a wig and clothes similar to yours, and spent some time arousing her as well as cuddling her.&nbsp; Then I would leave and pump a bit more anesthetic into her room's air conditioning and she would leave the dream state and enter a deeper sleep.&nbsp; Then I would bring her out of that a bit and induce a nightmare.&nbsp; Sometime I would dress as a man and then shock her, whip her, or lower the room temperature a lot and allow her to get very cold.&nbsp; All the while, I would verbally abuse her in a deep voice and&nbsp; berate her until she passed out from exhaustion.&nbsp; Then I would raise the anesthetic levels, put her under for a short rest, revive her and come in as you again and bring her some level of pleasure.&nbsp; I even&nbsp; bathed her after each of her nightmare sessions, and it was most revealing.&nbsp; She spent a lot of time holding onto me and crying about how much she loved you and wanted to please you.&nbsp; I really think she is close to ready for your complete control.&nbsp; In fact, in the next few hours we should take her to the level we discussed last week."

"Well if&nbsp; it is as good as it sounds Ching, I agree," said Janet happily, " so let's go for it. "&nbsp; 
"Great." Sue Ching said beaming.&nbsp; "Now prepare yourself for going into the room.&nbsp; Except for our spongebaths, her nightmares and pain sessions were very strenuous and she responded without inhibition.&nbsp; So now I think when she wakes up, you need to be there to support her and believe me she will respond.&nbsp; What you need to do, is take a bath with her, clean her up and then bring her out to the kitchen for lunch.&nbsp; The jacuzzi is accessible through the hidden door to the right of her bed.&nbsp; I already have the bath set up and will open the door when you go in through the cell door.&nbsp; She will be very disoriented and woozy, so just wake her, and move her to the jacuzzi, then strip her shirt off her and get into the jacuzzi with her.&nbsp; I will get rid of her filthy clothes and leave both of you a couple of robes.&nbsp; All of the bitches finally snap out of it in the jacuzzi so don't be surprised if she seems to wake up after a few minutes in the water.&nbsp; Remember that she hasn't had any solids since I put her under, so she will be famished and most susceptible to your control.&nbsp; If she asks what happened, tell her she seemed to have a toxic reaction to the sushi she ate and it was a close run thing.&nbsp; She will ask you what happened so just tell her that after she passed out, the doctor came, pumped her stomach twice, and then gave her an injection to help her sleep.&nbsp; It took two days for her to recover and you were here the whole time.&nbsp; She will probably ask about the pain sessions, so tell her that she seemed to be having nightmares and that you tried to comfort her through all of that.&nbsp; "

With these thoughts in her mind, Janet slowly opened the door to the cell's bedroom and quietly walked in.&nbsp; "Sue Ching was right," Janet thought, "this place stinks.&nbsp; She must have peed herself about 12 times.&nbsp; Oh well, now for the hard part."&nbsp; 

Janet walked over to the bed, and lightly touched the t-shirt clad, smelly body laying on the soaked sheets.&nbsp; "Come on baby," Janet said softly as she pulled on Dianne's hand.&nbsp; Dianne moaned but rose to her feet as a wave of urine smell wafted to Janet's nose.&nbsp; "God," thought Janet, as she pulled Dianne toward the crack of light that appeared to the right of the bed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 Pulling Dianne through the door, Janet thought she had entered another world.&nbsp; The humid and rancid smell of the bedroom cell was immediately replaced by the a warm, welcoming incense that hinted of orange blossoms and relaxation.&nbsp; Dianne was swaying and seemed incoherent as Sue Ching cut away her t-shirt with a pair of surgical scissors.&nbsp; Janet in the meantime has stripped off her dress and wrapping an arm around Dianne's tottering form led her into the jacuzzi and then climbed in behind her.&nbsp; 

Wrapping her leg's around Dianne, Janet pulled her back against her chest and began to slowly wash her while whispering in her ear.&nbsp; "It's OK baby you're safe now and all that bad stomach flu is all gone." Then she started to gently wash Dianne's hair and pour warm water over her as one hand gently stroked a nipple.&nbsp; 

Dianne moaned softly and relaxed against Janet's chest.&nbsp; Slowly, she roused herself and whispered in a small, seemingly lost voice, "Mistress, I'm sorry I was so bad," she said sadly.&nbsp; 
"Oh you silly little girl," Janet said as she hugged her tightly.&nbsp; "You weren't bad.&nbsp; You had a severe attack of food poisoning and have been sick for two days.&nbsp; You are finally getting over your hallucinations and I am very glad.&nbsp; You really had a bad trip and worried me no end."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Oh God," Dianne whispered as she continued to lean against Janet.&nbsp; "I had such bad dreams, then good dreams, then bad dreams.&nbsp; It was so confusing.&nbsp; There was so much tenderness, then such pain, then tenderness again.&nbsp; On and on, I thought it would never end.&nbsp; I was so afraid.&nbsp; I could hear myself crying and then you would come and hold me and protect me, and then I would wake up and you were gone and there was pain again.&nbsp; Oh mistress, I am so sorry&nbsp; I was sick, but I was so afraid and everything hurt so much."

"Shhh little girl," Janet said as she held Dianne tight, "you know I will take care of you as long as you obey me.&nbsp; You just had bad dreams because of your illness.&nbsp; It's OK now. " she said as she continued to slowly wash Dianne's hair and at the same time fondle one of her breasts.&nbsp; 

"But mistress," Dianne whispered desperately, " it was so real.&nbsp; I was so afraid...."&nbsp; 
Janet gripped her chin and turned her face to hers, then she gently slapped her cheek, gave her a little smile and whispered.&nbsp; "Didn't I say to obey me, little one?&nbsp; Didn't I say that I would take care of you as long as you obey me?&nbsp; Now enough of this nonsense.&nbsp; You were very, very sick.&nbsp; You had nightmares and I was taking care of you.&nbsp; Now that is all I want to hear about it.&nbsp; Do you understand me?''&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Yes mistress," said a subdued but happier Dianne.&nbsp; "I will obey you and will always honor you.&nbsp; I am so sorry, please forgive me."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"It's OK sweety," said Janet as she hugged Dianne and smiled to herself, knowing that Dianne's dependence on her only deepened her obedience and commitment to her mistress.&nbsp; 

Janet held Dianne for a few more moments.&nbsp; Then she laughed, poured water through her hair and said, "OK sweety.&nbsp; It is time for lunch.&nbsp; Are you hungry?"&nbsp; 

Not surprisingly, Dianne said, "my god, mistress, I am famished.&nbsp; I have never been this hungry."&nbsp; 

"Great," Janet said, "Miss Ching said she will have breakfast ready for us, so let's get going"&nbsp; 




Janet slipped on her robe and watched as Dianne tied hers as well.&nbsp; Then taking her by the hand Janet led Dianne out the bathroom door, down the hallway to the stairs and into the dining room where Miss Ching sat at a very large, dark round table that was elegantly set for three people.&nbsp;&nbsp; The room even though it was spacious, had an air of warm intimacy because of the dark paneling and large wooden chairs.&nbsp; The bright&nbsp; light of the early afternoon streaming in&nbsp; the side windows added a warmth to the room that was very inviting.

Sue Ching, wearing a red silk robe and sipping a cup of coffee looked up as Janet entered pulling Dianne into the room.&nbsp; "Ah there you are at last.&nbsp; I was beginning to worry about poor Dianne.&nbsp; Three days of fever will really weaken someone and I'm glad you finally got her up and about.&nbsp; I take it that her presence for breakfast is a sign that she is doing well?"&nbsp; 

Janet smiled at Sue Ching and marveled at how well her seemingly innocent remarks supported her fabrication of Dianne's sickness.&nbsp; "She is really a pro," Janet thought as she replied," Yes, quite well as a matter of fact, take a look for yourself." and indicated that Dianne sit next to Ching.&nbsp; 

Ching, smiled broadly at Diane and patted her thigh as she sat down.&nbsp; "Well my dear, I am so glad you are OK now.&nbsp; You really had us worried and now you can meet my girl.&nbsp;&nbsp; She arrived here two days ago, but unfortunately you were too far out of it to meet her, so now is an excellent time," and saying that, Ching said, " Erica, come in here please."&nbsp; 

As she spoke, a red haired woman in her mid thirties and clad in a silk thigh length robe entered the room carrying a tray of food.&nbsp; "Yes ma'am," she said deferentially to Ching, " I have the breakfast food for you and your guests."&nbsp; 

Janet looked up at the woman and recognized her from an earlier encounter she had worked with Ching nearly four years ago.&nbsp; Janet had taken the woman, who at that time had just become Sue Ching's slave, to Nassau for a two week vacation while Sue Ching babysat and then seduced her teenage daughter.&nbsp; As Janet recalled the woman's passion she wondered what had become of Erica's daughter and planned to find out at her first opportunity.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Excellent Erica," Lee Ching said.&nbsp; "Now let me introduce you to Miss Janet and her girl, Dianne.&nbsp; then take Dianne's plate away and sit next to Miss Janet."&nbsp; Sue Ching smiled to Janet as Erica bowed her head to Janet and then to Dianne.&nbsp; 

"I never allow Erica to eat with me unless she is fed from my plate or the plates of her betters.&nbsp; If she did have her own plate, she is so weak willed that she would probably eat fattening foods, or things I don't want her to have and this way it works out so much better, doesn't it my dear?" Su Ching said sweetly as Erica returned from taking Dianne's plate to the kitchen and sat quietly opposite the table from Dianne.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Yes mistress," said Erica as she took her seat at the round table with downcast eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Diane stared at her and was amazed at her beauty and poise.&nbsp; The blue silk robe she wore highlighted the color of her eyes and her hair had been brushed to a lusterous mane that fell in thick waves to curl over her shoulders.&nbsp; On her hand, Diane noticed a&nbsp; single wedding band, while around her neck a gold necklace fell to the gap between her breasts.&nbsp; 

"Oh sweety, " Sue Ching said as she lightly stroked the woman's cheek.&nbsp; "Don't be so shy.&nbsp; You can look at my guests, and I'm sure you remember Miss Janet from your Nassau holiday, don't you?"&nbsp; 

At these comments, Erica's cheeks blushed and she looked at Janet with what seemed to be genuine fondness, while she said,"Of course I remember Miss Janet, mistress.&nbsp; How are you miss Janet, it is nice to see you again."
&nbsp; 
"It's nice to see you again Erica," Janet said smiling as she reached over and gently began to rub her hand on Erica's thigh.&nbsp; "You are as beautiful as ever, and I trust you are as well behaved?"&nbsp; 

"Thank you Miss Janet," Erica said as she fluttered her eyes and slowly spread her thighs as Janet's fingers slid upward on her leg, " I endeavor to please my mistress with my actions in all things and under all conditions. "

"Oh that is so fine my dear," Janet said as her fingers gently brushed against Erica's slit.&nbsp; "I trust that your mistress has marked you as her property since you are so well behaved and also so intent to please her. "&nbsp; 

"Yes miss Janet," Erica replied in a whispered voice, "I carry my mistress's ownership marks."&nbsp; 

"In fact, Janet," Sue Ching chimed in, "not only I have I marked her, but she delivered her first calf this past spring, and I have had her marks&nbsp; updated accordingly.&nbsp;&nbsp; Come on Erica, stand up and show miss Janet all of your markings."

Blushing, but with some air of pride, Erica once again stood up from her seat and slowly raised the hem of her robe while she kept her eyes downcast.&nbsp; "oh for god's sake Erica," Sue Ching said mildly exasperated, "you are my property, I've marked and bred you, and you've committed yourself to me.&nbsp; So behave yourself and act like you have been trained to .&nbsp; Now show Miss Janet your markings.&nbsp; Take off that robe and let her see how well I've taken care of you."&nbsp; 

Erica&nbsp; whispered a very quiet, "Im sorry mistress." and then immediately shrugged off her robe and let it fall at her feet.&nbsp; Then she moved to turn towards Janet and Dianne, allowing her hands to hang by her side and kept her head bowed.&nbsp; 

Janet was at once amazed and aroused by the sight before her.&nbsp; She knew all about Erica's breeding, her delivery, and the separation of the cow from her calf right after birth.&nbsp; What she didn't know was the story behind the wedding ring, the history of the tattoos that adorned the woman's stomach just above her cunt, or how her breasts had become so well veined and appeared so heavy.&nbsp; 

"Come closer dear, " Janet said as she motioned for Erica to stand between her and Dianne.&nbsp;&nbsp; "How much weight did you gain when you were carrying and how did you become so trim after your delivery?"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well Janet, " Miss Ching interrupted before Erica could answer, "it took a lot of work and devotion to me to make it happen, but Erica applied herself, and of course a bit of discipline helped as well, but she is approaching the level I want her at, and should soon be there.&nbsp; Additionally, she is still milking and I am quite pleased with her attitude and her production.&nbsp; In fact, I gave that a lot of thought before I even bred her and the efforts and time spent on her preparation has really paid off. Hasn't it sweety, "said Sue Ching as she looked at Erica with a real sense of pride and ownership.&nbsp; 

"Yes, mistress, it has." Said Erica quietly.&nbsp; "Janet, you may notice," Sue Ching continued, "that her udders are well veined and her nipples are very well defined and quite thick.&nbsp; This is probably my best work and those two facts contribute remarkably to her production and sense of fulfillment.&nbsp; And it seems the milking helps a cow lose the weight she puts on as she carries and helps her get back in shape very quickly.&nbsp; Now Kneel down between Miss Janet and her bitch, Erica, so Miss Janet can get a good look at your udders."&nbsp; 

Hearing this, Erica immediately knelt down with her knees spread, and rested her hands on the top of her thighs.&nbsp; She kept her head lowered and eyes downcast as Janet leaned forward to lift one of her breasts and marveled at its fullness and the transparency of her skin.&nbsp; Each breast was crisscrossed by light blue veins that all seemed to generally point to a nipple that was very dark, long and appeared thick.&nbsp; 

Janet gently caressed the breast and smiled to herself as she saw a soft shudder flow through Erica's body.&nbsp; "You are indeed a beautiful cow, " Janet said softly, "Your udders are very full, well developed and very beautiful.&nbsp; How often does your mistress milk you sweety?"&nbsp; 

"I am milked twice a day, Miss Janet," Erica said, "once by mistress as she bathes and once in the evening either during or after dinner."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Very good Erica," Janet said.&nbsp; "I hope to someday have my bitch milking as well, but I must say your veining is quite stunning and shows off your size to good advantage."&nbsp; 

Before Erica could answer, Sue Ching jumped in and said, "It's that veining that really helps her production and was one of the items that helped her birthing so much.&nbsp; I trained her for pain and for milking months before her breeding and by the time she dropped she was both physically and psychologically ready for the event, weren't you dear?" Ching said as she stood behind the kneeling woman and patted her head.&nbsp; 

"You see Janet, "Sue Ching continued, "I read some old historical papers about how the Chinese emperors and even the turks bred women, and found out that they used a type of leech to increase the blood flow in their udders and thus improve their post birth milk production.&nbsp; I thought it would have some success, but I was surprised how much it helped her.&nbsp; The veination is just an outgrowth of the leech action, because what it really does is increase the bloodflow to the milk ducts which are what actually produce the milk.&nbsp; Now what is important is that the process is painful when it starts, but as it continues, the leeches inject a hormone that keeps the blood from clotting and this also helps the flow increase.&nbsp; As they suck more blood, they increase the input of the hormone which makes the cow sleepier and the process less painful.&nbsp; Eventually the cow falls asleep and when the leeches have their fill, the fall off engorged and I put them back in their jar to await their next feeding.&nbsp; I generally had Erica leeched every other day which gave her a chance to get her blood supply back to normal and also was a slow and gradual increase in the size of her udders, so as you can see there are no stretch marks."

Janet listened to all this as did Dianne, and just as she was about to say something, Sue Ching said, "Erica, go get your babies from their tank and also bring six other ones here for Miss Janet's bitch.&nbsp; I think Janet may want to see how she reacts to some solid therapy."&nbsp; 

"yes mistress," Erica said as she gracefully stood up and left the room.&nbsp; Janet turned to Ching and said, "six others?&nbsp; What are the others? if it is for her udders, that is three per udder.&nbsp; Is that enough?"

When Dianne heard this an involuntary shudder coursed through her body and her mind conjured up visions of snakes sucking on her breasts while she screamed herself into insanity.&nbsp; 

Ching noticed the change in Dianne's pallor and patted her cheek reassuringly.&nbsp; "Now don't worry sweety.&nbsp; Your udders are most impressive and leeching becomes pretty enjoyable to the bitch after she learns to relax and accept it.&nbsp; I mean look at Erica.&nbsp; She spent a lot of time feeding her children and it did her nothing but good.&nbsp; In fact, take a look at how pretty her babies are. "&nbsp; 

As she said this Erica returned with a tray containing two glass bowls.&nbsp; In one about 9 leeches, the size of a very short pencil writhed in a reddish mixture.&nbsp; In another bowl of clear water, six leeches, the size of short pencil leads floated serenely.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"See Sweety," Ching said as she saw Erica approach, "Erica's babies know they are going to be fed soon and they actually know when their host is in the area.&nbsp; Your children just haven't met their mommy yet, but after they spend some hours with you and had a few solid meals, they will be able to identify you even when you walk by their tank.....just like Erica's babies know when she ie around." 

"OK Erica, "Sue Ching continued, "put the bowls here on the table between the pancakes and the sausage and then put your robe on and sit here between me and Miss Janet's bitch" 

Hearing this, Erica set the bowls on the table, retrieved here robe from the floor, left it open, and sat down next to her mistress.&nbsp; 

"Now Erica tell Miss Janet who owns you and what your goal in life is." said Sue Ching as she lowered her&nbsp; hand into the red tinged water and allowed two of the larger leeches to gently swim into her waiting palm.

"My mistress owns me and all that comes from my body is hers." said Erica as she raised her eyes to Janet and spoke in a slow measured voice.&nbsp; "My thoughts, my hopes and my prayers exist only for her pleasure and to prove my love for her.&nbsp; My child is my gift to her and my breedings are symbols of my commitment to her pleasure.&nbsp; My pain is what I accept as part of my life and I offer it to her as a&nbsp; symbol of my life's commitment and as proof of my undying devotion and commitment to her.&nbsp; My only goal in life is to please her and to someday hear that she loves me."

As Erica spoke quietly to Janet, she looked her in the eyes and opened her soul to her.&nbsp; Janet knew that the words the woman spoke were true and that she was committed to her mistress and whatever she desired her to do.&nbsp; Then she watched Erica's eyes flare as Ching moved the hand holding the leeches to Erica's exposed left breast and gently cupped it near the nipple.&nbsp; 
"Now Erica, welcome your babies.&nbsp; Offer them your body as their nourishment and offer the pain they bring you to the one you love most."

Janet and Dianne both watched in wonder as the two leeches slowly swam to the waiting breast and fastened their maws to the flawless skin.&nbsp; Ching smiled as Erica closed her eyes and tried to hide her pain.&nbsp; "Welcome my children.&nbsp; This body's blood is your food and the pain you give me is my love gift to my mistress...she is my love and my soul.&nbsp; She is my life."&nbsp; 

"very good sweety," Sue Ching said softly as she patted Erica's cheek.&nbsp; "Now just a few more."&nbsp; Erica nodded imperceptibly and two small tears slowly leaked from the corners of her eyes.&nbsp; She said nothing as again Ching's hand cupped the other breast and the two leeches swam to the sides of the exposed nipple.&nbsp; Then Ching reached into the bowl and softly captured the final two leeches.&nbsp; She gently placed her cupped hand at Erica's throat, allowing the water to slowly slide down her chest and between her breasts.&nbsp; The final two leeches flowed with the water and both found purchase on the inside of Erica's&nbsp; left breast.&nbsp; "Oops.&nbsp; Too many feeders on one side," Ching said as she deftly moved one leech to the other breast.&nbsp; "Now Sweety," Ching said, "let's cover you up and after we set up Dianne, we can have some breakfast."

Turning to Janet, Ching said, "You see Janet, they cause some pain, but the whole process is really good for the bitch.&nbsp; She learns obedience, endurance, and above all discipline and actually realizes that these are her children that they are making her a better property for her owner.&nbsp; Now should I show you how to put them on your bitch?"



























































 




























































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  george weston


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





