BDSM Library - Confession




Confession
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Received a call from an old school girlfriend, she had split from an unfaithful partner & was looking for a stop over to sort her life out.CONFESSION  
CONFESSION Sept 4th 2003, Received a call from an old school girlfriend,
  she had split from an unfaithful partner &amp; was looking for a stop over
  to sort her life out.  
She had not called me for around 3 years, but we were very close as school
  friends, and had some mutual friends in adult life. Feeling apprehensive of
  her staying with me, I still agreed she could come. But how would I hide the
  life I lead.  
The dungeon below my home &amp; the frequent phone calls I received &amp; the
  lavish style I live in, without any real work as such to supply me with the
  luxury I surround myself in. This is the story of Sharon &amp; her introduction
  to the Dome/sub life style she will fall into As she gets pulled in to my world.  
Fri 5th September I arranged to pick Sharon up from the train station in
  Nottingham, It was a cool afternoon the train was late as usual, and the people
  around me were a mixture of business men in suits &amp; student types. A smile
  lit my face up as I saw a client of mine waiting for his train, dressed in
  a smart grey suit with black briefcase in hand. I couldn't help myself but
  I had to walk past him, letting him see who I was. I knew he would notice me
  as I was dressed in red clothes, surrounded by plain suited guys or dowdy dressed
  females. His expression was a picture in its self as his eyes met mine. Then
  the horror as he realized I might meet his work colleagues as they returned
  from the nearby cafe with tea. I deliberately dropped my handbag in front of
  him, he couldn't get it fast enough, and it almost hit the back of hand. I
  smirked as he handed it to me, and whispered to him, you would have suffered
  greatly at our next date, if you had not picked that up Richard. Suddenly the
  announcement of Sharon's train came echoing across the speaker at last, I wouldn't
  have to hang around this dreary station any longer. Watching the passengers
  leave the train like a herd of sheep in the stuffy suits, baggy clothes on
  students &amp; awful boring colors on the few women getting off.  
At last I see Sharon struggling with a large case getting from the far carriage
  as I walk down to her I look at Richard again, shuffling nervously as his colleagues
  try to make conversation to him, I then glance at Sharon indicating I want
  his help, without actually speaking to him. Suddenly I find Richard offering
  his services as luggage handler to Sharon.  
We greet each other with a hug and small kiss, as Richard asks if he may
  help with her case to the entrance. Watching him shuffle along the platform
  as we gossip about what's been happening to her over the recent months, it
  was amusing as his friends seemed surprised such a well paid manager from their
  company would lower himself to a porter for us. Little did they know about
  our relationship &amp; his very submissive desires to be dressed in female
  clothes, while being sexually &amp; physically used like a slave for my own
  purposes. Reaching my BMW Z3 convertible, the blood red color standing out
  from the usual black, silver, &amp; blue cars. I opened the boot &amp; let
  Richard load the case in, not even thanking him for his assistance as he looked
  pitifully for a rewarding smile or recognition for his service's I just brushed
  past him &amp; opened the door for Sharon. Come on let's get away from this
  filthy place, get you settled in at mine. Later we will visit a wine bar for
  drinks &amp; a light meal ok?  
 The drive to mine was only 30 minutes. I let Sharon struggle with the case
  from car to bedroom. Walking behind her I couldn't help but notice the fine
  legs she had, and the glimpse of stocking tops. I hadn't really looked at her
  from a sexual view before, shaking my head to bring my thoughts back to reality.  
Watching her lift the case to the bed, &amp; unpack her clothes, I couldn't
  help but notice the sexy outfits &amp; underwear she owns. Sharon have you
  always worn these while you were with your guy?
  {I asked} 
  . Well yes he liked to have me dress up for sex,
  {she shyly replied} 
  . Finally after chatting as she put her things away, I showed her the shower,
  bathroom, &amp; where the towels are kept, Telling her go freshen up, I'll
  pour us a drink while you do. Returning down stairs to the kitchen, finding
  a bottle of chardonnay from the cooler &amp; 2 glasses, I relax with some music
  {shakira} 
  .  
 Taking the bottle &amp; glasses to the lounge, placing them all on the old
  oak coffee table. Letting myself just drop to the large leather couch. WHAT
  A DAY. Almost a full glass of wine later. I wonder what's keeping Sharon. Walking
  back to her room, without thinking and just walking straight in. catching her
  semi-naked, almost embarrassed I apologise to her immediately. Shocked at the
  feeling of arousal I suddenly feel rush over my skin, as I look her over, the
  pert breasts fine pale skin with clear complexion couldn't help but notice
  how well she had looked after herself physically. Feeling an urge to hold her
  close to me &amp; make her pleasure me was almost instinctive of my Dominatrix
  attitude but this was a friend, I had to try to control the urges within me.
  Sharon was here for support &amp; help of a friend, not as a client for submission
  to a Dominatrix.  
 Feeling a flush of color rush over me, watching her dress, the lacy black
  underwear with stockings of fine fishnet. Followed by black suit of jacket &amp; skirt
  {no blouse} 
  black stiletto high heels. Finding myself compliment her on her clothes &amp; her
  smartness. Not daring to tell her she looked even better naked to my eyes &amp; desires
  of sexual Dominant fantasy. Pulling myself away, I walk down the stairs to
  wait for her, still feeling the rush of arousal at her nakedness across my
  sensitive clit as I touch myself. Quickly returning my thoughts to the night
  ahead, the places that may suit her needs &amp; not my own. Hoping I don't
  meet any clients that will give my profession away. But also maybe not caring
  Sharon finds out too, an opportunity to discuss my life here now as a Mistress &amp; Dominatrix.  
Hearing her footsteps come down the stairs, the clatter of stiletto heels
  on the wooden floors, oh the damage to flesh I could do with those
  {comes across my mind} 
  thinking about the steel tips of her heels &amp; the pleasures I've had wearing
  similar as I've walked across bare backs of both female &amp; male subs. The
  heel fucking forcefully, of the females, and the ass ripping of sub males.
  Finding my mind wander to work again, just as Sharon nudges me, asking what
  I'm day dreaming about, oh the even we will share together tonight was my quick
  reply. Not daring to tell her of my secretive lust for her sexual submissiveness
  to me.  
Our taxi arrived on time; we sat in the back having short chats of the past
  mixed with intense giggling of the funny times from school. Unable to take
  my eyes from the pert breasts that often became exposed in her sat position,
  the thigh's as her short skirt rode up the smooth silky skin. Feeling another
  wave of arousal creep across my mind, and we have not had barely a drink yet.
  What will happen as the night continues, will she notice the powerful lust
  in my eyes or can I control the urges of making a dominant pass at her, only
  time will tell.  
Pulling up outside the first wine bar in Hockley area of Nottingham so many
  people drinking it's a blaze of color as their bright but smart clothes light
  the streets under the lamps. We almost fall giggling like silly school girls
  into the first bar, ordering a bottle of chardonnay &amp; two glasses. We find
  ourselves in a dimly lit corner talking of guy's we have dated, there failures
  as lovers &amp; lack of experience as sexual partners, hearing her talk of
  her ex guy was the most surprising thing, hearing his lack of interest in her
  satisfaction, caring only for his own five minutes of lust until he was finished,
  seemed cruel compared to my treatment of sub's.  
Almost blurting out my own sexual preferences of being a bi-female and finding
  other females more sexual arousing &amp; erotic than most guy's. Soon we find
  the bottle empty, suggesting another bar we totter out in our heels to the
  street, finding myself bump into Richard again after our earlier slight meeting
  at the railway station.  
Sharon enquired at seeing him earlier, asking if I new him as he begged forgiveness
  for bumping me in the doorway, the scowl I gave him and speaking his name,
  made it obvious we were acquainted to Sharon. Quickly passing him off as an
  ex-work colleague we moved on. Walking into the best bar of the area, a regular
  pick up point for the more well off people, also a place I've met potential
  clients for first meetings prior to control over their desires. Finding a two
  tall bar stools while Sharon gets the next bottle of wine, I find myself fighting
  off unwanted advances of a well suited but drunk young man, drooling and leering
  at my low cut top almost unable or not wanting to see the anger of his unwanted
  advances in my eyes.  
Eventually he gets the point, with the tip of my heel accidentally catching
  his shin sharply
  {smirking} 
  . Sharon appears with our second bottle of wine, we continue our girly chats,
  I find myself trying to bring the topic of fem2fem sex up or the Dominance
  some females can have over other's. Asking her if she's ever tried being with
  another female before other than the usual kisses we do or toilet sharing in
  busy bars. Her reply was NO but she said she found herself admiring other females
  often, but never pursued the idea of a sexual encounter with one.  
My sudden admission of bisexuality didn't seem to shock her, as much as it
  did me admitting it. But as I admitted the more powerful side to my nature
  as Dominatrix she became interested in knowing more. I smiled, it would be
  a pleasure to show you, and more detailed than describing it too but you would
  need to trust me 100%, that is no pleasure more than a female Dominatrix can
  do, there is more to pleasure sexually, and it's the limits of pain too that
  stimulate arousal in my work.  
 We continued drinking through the evening, with Sharon consuming a little
  more than myself, we chatted about my work &amp; the pathetic men who drunkenly
  tried to chat us up unsuccessfully. Last orders were called and we got a taxi
  home to mine, Sharon asked if she could see the room where I used my clients,
  unlocking the heavy oak door to the cellar, flicking the switch to light the
  stairs down, she followed giggling nervously behind me.  
Her face was a picture as she looked amazed at the racks of whips, canes,
  crops, butt spankers, paddles act. Then she looked around the corner to see
  the rack I stretched my sub's out on, the chains hanging from ceiling, and
  the body frame for strapping a person over for assorted reasons of abuse including
  strap on fucking of both males &amp; females.  
I could see her flush red as she asked me to describe the use of each item,
  I found myself aroused at her innocent knowledge and lack of experiences, thinking
  to myself should I ask her to try or just make her try some. The Dominatrix
  within me wins, telling her to bend over the frame, lifting her black skirt
  up over her hips, exposing the fishnets and panties she's wearing. Selecting
  a riding crop from the choice nearby, Sharon seems stunned into submission
  by my powerful dominance over her drunken body. Seeing her thigh tremble as
  the cold feel of my crop strokes her bare flesh on her upper thigh, above the
  stocking tops, the first blow catching her pale skin hard but not as hard as
  I would of liked, her body jolted as the shock sunk through the drunkenness,
  Her yelp of pain echoed slightly around the room, pressing myself hard to her
  ass as I silenced her pain with a ball gag, letting my crop stroke up the inner
  thigh, then over the black panties along her crease of cant lips, her sigh
  of pleasure signaling the pleasure I could &amp; would give her.  
 Cuffing her wrists to bar sides, then ankles to base leaving her bent over
  and spread out, vulnerable to my use as a sexual sub. Sliding a large hunting
  knife down the side of the panties, feeling her shudder slightly to the cold
  steel of blade against her skin, cutting through the lace panties easily, finding
  myself press them close to my nose inhaling in her sweet fem scent. Throwing
  them to floor, with thoughts of dominant sex in my mind.  
Selecting a large strap-on from the wide choice available, 10inch black latex
  toy, with an additional 5 inch inner latex cock. Lubricating the 5 inch toy
  before slipping it within my own smooth shaved but pierced tight cant, buckling
  it around my waist tightly, posing in the nearby mirror at the fearful sight
  I make with strap-on attached. Using minimal lubrication on the other 10 inches
  I move close to Sharon's ass cheeks, seeing her look round at my closeness
  and the cold unfeeling strap-on pressing against her sex.  
Feeling the internal cock stimulate the magic of my G-spot within me, making
  me eager to forcefully use her pussy with strap-on, to feel her submission
  to my power and sexual dominance. Parting the peachy swollen lips of her pussy
  gradually with the tip as I slide up and down it, then pressing harder and
  harder into her, hearing her gasp loudly as she is unable to scream at its
  forceful penetration of her sex.  
Looking down at its thick shaft vanishing easily into the wetness of her
  pussy, until it bottoms out at full depth, knowing what she can take, I begin
  to pump slowly. Pushing her whole body forwards to the cold frame she is cuffed
  to, watching her lips fold out with each withdrawal from her cunt. Seeing the
  shaft glisten with a mixture of lube &amp; fem juice, looking at the sweet
  tight rosebud ass I think to myself that double penetration will add to her
  own stimulation.  
Teasing a small short butt plug in circles around her rim, using the juices
  of her own cant as lube, watching the rim sink in as I press refusing to accept
  the plug, her cheeks clenching trying to stop me. Holding her hair wrapped
  around my fingers I lean in and whisper
  {relax or it will be painful Sharon} 
  in her ear.  
 Again pushing harder until I see the ass rim stretch painfully around the
  tip of plug, watching it pass the widest point then greedily taking it in fully
  until it almost locks in her ass. I begin a slow pump back into her pussy with
  strap-on, Feeling the tightness of double penetration along its shaft. Holding
  her shoulders tightly, as I begin to speed up my strap fucking of her cant,
  feeling her body tense with each thrust in. Suddenly her body arches back like
  a startled cat, her orgasm explodes in a fine spray of fem cum on my thigh &amp; strap-on.  
Hearing her struggle to breathe heavy as the ball gag restricts her air flow,
  feeling my own sex flexing on the shaft inside of me. Slipping out of her now
  wet dripping lips, moving to her front, pulling her face up to meet my gaze,
  her eyes speak volumes as she recovers from the intensity of her orgasm.  
Slipping the ball gag off, she moans loudly, then finds me gagging her again,
  this time with the strap-on I've just removed from her own cunt. I begin to
  fuck her mouth with the fem juice soiled toy, using it as though it was a cant
  again, making her cough and gag as I push too hard to her throat. Her eyes
  show the shock she's feeling, her body used by another female as though she
  was a whore.  
Watching her clean its shaft as I hold her head by hair, just face fucking
  her painfully until I am satisfied with my own arousal. Leaving it embedded
  in her mouth as I unbuckle it from waist, holding the leather side of strap-on,
  jerking it from her mouth, and then turning it round, to use the 5 inch inner
  cock as a hand held vibe. I begin to stroke it over her lips, pressing deep
  into her mouth. Watching her eyes smile as she accepts my taste from the toy's
  shaft, her lapping and slurping showing her approval for another females taste,
  her first time experience of another female will be a memorable one.  
As I have finished with her for now, releasing her from her restrictions
  kiss her fully on the lips, tasting the cocktail of our juices from her mouth
  before telling her to go to my bed room&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; 
  {follow up story soon on this one} 
  Bitchinredboots  
Posted by Bitchinredboots on 09/25/2003 06:55:33.  
Hearing Sharon scamper into my bedroom, my surprise at the ease i've seduced
  her amazes me, But the night's young and i'm full of imaginative idea's.Towelling
  myself dry from the quick shower my fingers tease over the soft area of my
  fully shaven pussy, i cant help but give the clit ring a lil twist, oohhhhhhhhhh,
  god i love the tingle of pain.  
Moving to the bedroom, the light's dim, and Sharon's found my selection of
  Girl/Girl porn mags, sitting upright in bed reading a Dominatrix/fem sub one,
  her breasts exposed under the soft light of the lamp.Slipping into the bed
  besides her, and peeking at the page she's reading 
  {imiges of a Mistress Strap-On fucking a girls tight @ss. She whispers that tonight was her 1st time for anal of any description, but the sensation was amazing.{i Smile} 
  . Turning the page to see a girl blindfolded and restricted with leather straps,
  seeing her eyes look the picture over carefully, I whisper into her ear,
  { i have lots of similar items here in the Bed drawer beneath us} 
  . Oh My God was her reply,
  {can We ?} 
  she askes. My hands strokes across her breast, nails scratching softly over
  her nipples until thet harden to my teasing. Oh yes we can sharon ........
  comes my reply
  {its rare for this to be pleasure instead of work} 
  Sliding my legs from under the duvet, Then moving to knee's to pull the drawer
  open. My eyes light up at the vast collection of personal toys i use for my
  own pleasure, Nipple clamps, thai beads, Vibes, anal vibes, Crop, Choc body
  paint, Lube, Blindfolds, Ball gags, Cuff's, Straps, chains, and finger armour.
  Reaching for the blindfolds and wrist, elbow, and ankle straps, placing each
  item on the duvet, seeing Sharon, watching stunned at the things she see's.
  Bringing a pair of 6 inch stilletto red strap shoes out too, where the strap
  twists up the lower leg and ankle. Sitting my bare @ss on bed side, Slipping
  shows onto my size 5 feet, and wrapping the stiff leg straps around my ankle
  and lower leg.  
Turning to kneel facing SharonPulling the duvet from her lap, noticing she's
  fully naked i cant help but smile :)  
On your knee's girl and face away from me, is growled forcefully at her.
  Seeing her instantly blush at the Dominatrix demands i make and jump to the
  position i've requested. Twisting her arms back hard, Wrapping leather restraints
  around her slender wrists, my hand scratches down her shoulder blades softly,
  making her shudder. Moving close behind her, my breasts pressed against the
  skin of her back, my arms wrapped around her body, fingers teasing her breasts,
  before pinching softly on the pert nipples. Then my minds returns to the task
  in hand, Fitting a neck coller and attaching the strap down her bare back to
  the wrist strap, A blind fold covers her eyes, and pushing her hard forwards
  until her ankles show fully from beneath her @ss cheeksSmirking as i attach
  ankle cuffs of steel, joined by short chain, clasping tightly, as the cuffs
  pinch her skin.  
My smile signifies the completion of her restraints, climbing from bed to
  walk to the other side where Sharon kneels upon it. My hand grasp's the neck
  coller dragging her roughly to floor, only the grunts of her fall are hard
  as she lands hard at my feet, Stepping the stilletto of my shoe against her
  breast, dragging it down to catch the nipple, before pressing it in hard inverting
  the once proud pert nip, watching sharon bite her lip as i apply more pressure,
  {whispering to her PAINSLUT} 
  will be your safe word Sharon, say it and i'll stop immediatly.  
She nods her head in answering me, so i continue ...... removing the heel,
  watching her nipple struggling to retrieve itself, Moving myself to knee's
  too facing her, my hands caressing her breast's, stroking, scratching, pinching,
  massaging them, her nervousness turns to pleasure, my hands move lower, against
  her thigh's, inner thigh's, across the area of her sex  
Brushing against her, knowing my every move is unknown due to blind fold.
  my eyes caressing her body, smiling at the curves and smoothness of her body,
  Damn gf you've kept yourself in great shape,
  {leaves my lips as a whisper} 
  .  
dipping my fingers hard between her legs, fingers pressing into her obvious
  wetness...........hooking my fingers round to catch the intimacy of her G-Spot,
  feeling a cascade of juices lost to my touches as I stimulate with fingertip
  strokes. Her moans almost echo as pleasure consumes her, my finger begin to
  move faster, feeling her hips grinding down onto them, riding them to the point
  of her orgasm. Stopping suddenly hearing her desperate gasp as I stop the the
  orgasm from peaking, I'm not ready for you to come yet girlfriend,
  {I whisper} 
  . Standing again, my nakedness and sex inches from Sharon's head, my hand caresses
  her hair, sliding fingertips through it. Clenching tight suddenly hearing her
  yelp as I twist her head forcefully upwards, spreading my thigh's a little,
  as I shuffle in almost straddling her face. Her tongue instant presses out
  feeling for the softness of my sex, her obedience without commands her admission
  of submittence to my control. Feeling my hips buck as her tongue flicks against
  my clit piercing, my body spasm's as it's flicked lower, feeling her feeding
  from the richness of my aroused juices. Pressing harder &amp; harder until
  my body aches with the need to orgasm&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Holding my breath as it erupts in generous lil squirts, soaking Sharon's
  face in female liquids, the myth of female ejaculation thrown into the limelight,
  as wave after wave of sticky wet juices are lost to her face and my own inner
  thigh's. Squealing at the over sensitivity of my body to her licks, I fend
  myself pushing her greedy face back, and almost callapsing spent from the energy
  my orgasm has drained from me. Watching her licking her lips, savouring the
  taste of me, as I move back to knee's, the ache of my body resting as I do.
  My fingers tease against her sex, my others hand twisting the nipple of her
  right breast. Then pushing her back over her bent under knee's, as I lean in
  real close to her pussy, fingers spreading her open as her lips gasp from my
  touches. Finally pressing the tip of tongue against her exposed lil bud of
  clit, or submission and binds make any attempts to struggle futile. Bringing
  her orgasm back to the edge with ease, just a few gentle brushes of tongue
  stud against clit leaves her shaking and lifting hips to my mouth. Finally
  forcing fingers deep as I circle her clit, the magic of both G-spot and Clit
  bringing her over the edge of self control, as I suck the fem juices as they
  flow down my fingers, feeding from her uncontrollable orgasm&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
Then as she calms, releasing restraints and blind fold, and patting the bed
  besides me for more comfortable girl/girl pleasures through the night.  
Part 3 soon  
Bitchinredboots  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bitchinredboots


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





