BDSM Library - Sir Stephens Confession




Sir Stephens Confession
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An ending alluded to in Pauline Reage's Famous text "The Story of O " writen in a style remenicent of the original text the demise of O as told by her Master.
				Sir Stephen's Confession  		

	If my solicitor has released this transcript then you may be assured that ten years 
have past since the last of those mentioned herein have past beyond the reach of mortal 
justice. 

	I thought Rene a fool when he presented O to me. I thought him weak and 
cowardly. I learned. O was my possession for but three and a half years. I possessed her 
completely; and yet she could not be called my slave. She was always free to leave me. In 
truth she worshipped me in that most ancient characterization of the word. She sought 
only to become a worthy vessel for my desires. To that end she granted me her body, her 
heart, her mind, and her soul all in the hopes that I would find her worthy... perchance to 
love her.

	I did love her of course. How could I not love one who gave of themselves so 
completely and freely? In the beginning I imprudently thought that would be enough. Yet 
nothing ever remains constant and as O became accustom to my peculiarities and 
demands, her own requirements to demonstrate her worthiness grew. It was during our 
first year together that I had a premonition of how it all would end. She had been the 
focal point of a small gathering of friends, presented naked but for a bird mask and a 
leash attached to the rings that adorned her nether lips. Afterward I used her before those 
gathered, taking her bottom, as was my wont. As I pulled away from her, spent, she 
whispered, in a voice so soft she could not know I heard; " I would die for you". I 
responded unthinkingly "of course." 

	I will always regret that I did not respond more forcefully. Had I not been so 
charmed by the sentiment I might have had her flogged on the spot for daring to think she 
could escape me in such a manner. Still, I believe I realized her true desire long before 
she did. In truth she was becoming somewhat despondent about the nature of our relation. 
While she would never admit it, she desired to become a more central aspect of my life, 
and that I could not allow.  Some months later when she repeated her fatalistic musings 
aloud, before some guests I was entertaining. I did in fact have her whipped, severely, 
and told her in no uncertain terms that she would live; though she might dread it, for that 
was my desire. I allowed that her death could only be an expression of her desertion. 
When she spoke of it again I returned her to the chateau at Roissy and did not see her for 
several months. 

   	Our relationship was becoming  strained. O returned and all was as before for a 
few months and then, as my attention waned she began to bring up the forbidden topic. 
Each time she became a little more serious about the prospect. One time in an act of near 
rebellion she used my own words against me. I had often told her that she was free to 
leave me at any time and she demanded to know the difference between her leaving me 
or simply dying to show her devotion to me. 

	I was becoming cowardly, I sent her away for three months to the owner of a 
Greek shipping line who shared my preferences. I only required that she not be marked in 
any permanent way without my permission. 
O did have one possession of a sort. Natalie, Jacqueline's half sister had become 
my ward a short time before her eighteenth birthday and still lived under my protection. 
She grew to be O's constant companion. She was allowed to watch everything but was 
not permitted to participate. Under no circumstance was she to be touched by man or 
whip. Beyond those conditions O was his to do with as he pleased and Natalie stood 
witness.

O returned somewhat chastened and was a wonderful companion for six months. 
It became necessary to take a weeklong trip to London. I left O with Natalie at my beach 
house, as it was the beginning of August. When I returned O again spoke of her desire to 
die for me, as proof of her eternal love. I did not flog her I merely sent her away. This 
time O went to Singapore where she served in a rather infamous house of prostitution, 
again Natalie accompanied her with the same restrictions. They requested that O's 
nipples be pierced and fitted with rings and I acquiesced. O returned with considerably 
enhanced oral skills, and eagerly showed me all that she had learned. She had become 
subtler in her approaching the subject of her obsession. Some months after her return she 
mentioned in passing her newfound experience in the erotic aspects of partial 
asphyxiation. I did not let this pass. O was returned to Roissy but this time she was 
locked in a cell in total isolation.  

I was of two minds. I wished to present O with a prospect so terrifying that the 
shock and horror might shake her resolve and would force her to abandon her desire. 
Then again the thought of O tormented even unto death did arose some of my more 
prurient interests.  Anne Marie was the one who suggested crucifixion. I was quite 
intrigue by the idea, as it would indeed fulfil both my requirements.  Anne Marie was 
quite excited by the possibility and studied the matter at some length. For the first time in 
our association I remained passive allowing O to gain control over the demise of our 
relationship.

 Women who were not in training or for use of the members were rarely allowed 
at the chateau. None the less Anne Marie and Natalie were allowed to accompany me as 
guests, when I arrived four weeks later.

I approached O's cell with trepidation. The cell door was locked and O crouched 
in the far corner. She was blindfolded with her wrists cuffs secured behind her back. A 
chain attached to her collar prevented her from moving more than a few feet and she had 
been eating bent over a large flat bowl, not unlike a domestic animal. When I spoke it 
was the first human voice O had heard for nearly a month. "O, I will allow it." I declared. 
She thanked me. I described in cold, harsh, detail how she would be lead from this cell on 
the morrow to the garden where she would be stripped, flogged, and then nailed to a 
cross. Even in the dim light I could see O's complexion blanch. She uttered a single 
word, "sacrilege".  For a brief moment I struggled between hope and disappointment. 
Hope that the shock and fear had dissuaded O and the regret that I might not see the 
spectacle of her writhing  upon a cross. O swallowed twice and said in a timid voice, " I 
would ask but one favor Sir". "What?" I asked harshly. "Will you take me once more 
before I die?" I ignored her request. I went on to described as best I could the long slow 
painful death that awaited her. I reminded her that with a mere word she could prevent it 
and all would be as before. She said nothing and so I informed her that the three valets 
who would carry out her execution would spend the night with her. She was to treat them 
as she would myself. Anne Marie entered the cell and had O lie stretched out upon the 
floor. With measuring tape she determined O's height and the distance from hip to toe 
when her knees were bent as well as straightened. She kissed O upon the cheek and said,  
"You will be magnificent!" O was in tears as we left the cell. The valets entered eagerly 
as we departed

The morning dawned clear with an Autumnal chill in the air The garden had been 
prepared with lawn chairs and tables on which a buffet would later be served. A single 
rough-hewn post of some 2 meters height stood in the center. Thirty-two members and 
their attendant females were present, though we had invited more than fifty. Coffee, tea, 
and pastries were served and the idle chatter belied the gravity of the event we were about 
to witness  

It was almost eleven when O was brought into the garden. She was pale and 
shivering, beneath her cape She was lead by a leather leash attached to the ring upon her 
leather collar. Her wrist and ankles were adorned with leather cuffs and her arms were 
bound behind her back with her cape draped over her shoulders. She moved as if in a 
trance blinking in the midday light. 

I sat before the upright post. Anne Marie had directed its construction. A six-inch 
square block of wood had been split diagonally and one piece had been nailed about a 
foot off the ground to serve as a footrest. The second piece was yet to be attached. It  
would serve as a seat or "saddle" according to Anne Marie. It allowed the victim to rest 
in her struggles and prolonged the suffering "sometimes for days" Anne Marie had said 
almost gleefully. A mortise joint had been carved into the top of the post that the 
crossbeam would fit into snuggly. The crossbeam lay on the ground directly before the 
upright.

O was brought before me and knelt. "You may end this now," I said to her. She 
bent forward and kissed my thigh "Please Sir, may we get on with it." She said in a 
barely audible whisper. I stood and addressed the gathering "This is O." I began, "She 
wishes to make the ultimate demonstration of her devotion to me. She will now be 
stripped of all her accoutrements, receive the traditional forty lashes less one, and then be 
nailed to this cross where she would hang until she is dead."  I continued, " I have 
consented to allow this and hope all will stay to enjoy this unusual display of devotion."  
The valets helped her to her feet and lead her to the upright. They removed her cape, 
collar and the leather cuffs, from her wrists and ankles. As two of them supported her on 
either side the third knelt before her and pushed her legs apart. He used a small bolt cutter 
to open the rings that dangled from her sex and used a smaller wire cutter to remove the 
hoops that adorned her nipples. These were solemnly returned to me and I clutched them 
in my right hand. O was truly naked now stripped of all that marked her as mine, the 
brand remained but there was little that could be done about that. 
O's wrists were fastened to the upright post with coarse ropes. I signaled for the 
whipping to begin and a valet took up position behind her. I had chosen a long braided 
leather whip and the valet applied enough force to mark her but not break the skin. She 
received thirteen blows to the left shoulder thirteen to the right, and the remaining 
thirteen across the buttocks and upper thighs. She sobbed quietly but did not scream or 
call out. I was quite proud of her. The valets cut her down and she sank to the ground 
next to the crossbeam. 

I snapped my fingers and Natalie hurried forward with a drink that had been 
prepared for O. I held the cup to her lips myself and demanded that she drink it all. It was 
a red wine mixed with a mild opiate and she gagged at the taste but dutifully drank it to 
the dregs. "You need not do this." I said for the last time. "Please." was her only reply.  
O was again helped to her feet, but only so that she might be positioned upon the 
crossbeam. As the Valets lay her down gently before the upright she groaned as her 
freshly flogged back came to rest on the dry prickly grass. Two valets held her arms 
widely outstretched upon the beam while the third drew a spike from his apron and 
slipped a large metal washer over it. He picked up his hammer and began probing her left 
wrist searching for the hollow between the bones. O was staring at him and did not see 
me approach. With a nudge of my foot I opened her legs and knelt between them. She 
snapped her head toward me with a look of surprise and delight. She sighed contentedly 
as I entered her bringing my full weight down upon her. When I had penetrated her 
completely I remained motionless. With a nod of my head the hammer rose and fell. 
There was a sharp metallic clang as the hammer struck the nail followed by O's 
anguished scream. Her hips bucked and churned beneath me but I pressed my full weight 
down so I could not be dislodged. Five more blows seated the washer firmly against her 
wrist. The Valet crossed over to her right side. Tears were streaming down O's cheeks as 
she gulped for air. I leaned forward and covered her mouth with mine. As the spike was 
driven into her right wrist her muffled screams filled my lungs. Then it was done; O was 
affixed to the crossbeam. We lay together O's arms forever open and outstretched and I 
deeply buried within her. Still I did not move. The spasms of pain shooting through her 
body caused her sex clasp at my member with each beat of her heart. All too quickly I 
spilled my seed into her womb, O, feeling my discharge looked up at me through 
tearstained eyes and said,  "Thank you, Stephen."

I am not proud of what happened next. Frustration, rage, and the fact that I had 
lost all control over the conclusion of our relationship clouded my thoughts. Though I 
had just spent my seed my rage reinvigorated me as I withdrew from her womb. I 
grabbed her ankles and drew them up onto my shoulders pushing her knees back against 
her breasts. I entered her upturned bottom with enough force to elicit a loud shriek from 
her. O's screams grew louder and more urgent as my frantic motion jarred her wounded 
wrists. I ignored them and continued to pound into her with a relentless force until I spent 
a second time. As I rose from O's body she was whimpering. There was a smattering of 
applause from some of those gathered but I ignored it and turning my back on O 
stomping back to my chair. 

I sat and faced the cross. O lay gasping beneath the upright post, her outstretched 
arms pinioned to the rough wood and her empty hands clutching the air in spasms, 
grasping nothing but pain. Anne Marie took charge of the final preparations. She 
produced a foot long slightly curved rod. The top eight inches of it was encased in 
smooth black leather and the lower portion was a plain wooden dowel. She pressed the 
tip to O's lips and O kissed it. Anne Marie then slipped the bare wooden end into a hole 
drilled into the saddle. A simple peg secured it in place. She then handed the assembly to 
a Valet who nailed it into a previously marked position on the upright post. Anne Marie 
turned back to O. She patted O on the forehead speaking in a tone one usually reserves 
for a reticent child. O's sobbing slowed and she drew long calming breaths. Anne Marie 
gently raised O's legs once more exposing her upturned bottom. Anne Marie's girl 
Colette applied oil to the opening I had so recently ravaged. Anne Marie continued to 
speak calming words as she stroked O. Once Collete had finished O's legs were released. 
Anne Marie told O to be brave, as the next phase of the crucifixion would be quite 
painful. Two of the valets each took an end of the crossbeam and began to slowly lift. 
The third Valet helped O to her feet. The effort was not perfectly coordinated and O 
screamed out each time her impaled wrist were pulled or jolted. She was sobbing 
uncontrollably by the time she was standing with her back to the upright. The two valets 
strained to lift the crosspiece over the top of the upright while the third supported O's 
hips. O shrieked in agony as the crosspiece was wrestled into position and then dropped 
into place. While one man held the crossbeam steady the other went behind the cross and 
slid several pins into place securing the beam in position. The one who had been holding 
O's hips now raised her up over the protruding leather encased shaft. He held her bottom 
cheeks open as O slid down onto the rod.  O was screaming and pleading as the two men 
who had set the crosspiece hurried to help their partner. They caught O's flailing feet and 
pulled them up onto the footrest. O began to struggle in earnest once her feet had some 
purchase. She bolted upright screaming as the nail entered her left foot and lost control of 
her bladder spraying urine on the men below. They quickly pounded home the last two 
nails. . 

The men stepped away as O struggled vainly to free herself. O rose up on her 
bleeding feet to scream and beg and plead for release until her shaking legs collapsed 
under her and she slumped back down onto the seat. She hung there a blood splattered 
torso with urine and semen drying on her inner thighs, and cried until her breath was 
coming in short panting gasps and then rose up once more to scream. Anne Marie had 
measured the position of the seat perfectly. It was low enough upon the upright so that 
O's wrist were pulled taunt when her weight was fully on the seat, yet it was not so low 
as to let O dislodge the shaft when she pulled herself erect. The very struggle for breath 
perpetuated the tireless rape of her bowels. It was indeed the most dreadful and degrading 
torment I will ever witness. Several of the guests retreated into the chateau. Those women 
who attended us tried to look away. 

O had never derived any pleasure from pain. I would have little use for such a 
woman. Rather O had always prided herself in enduring what pain I choose to inflict. 
Over the course of a half-hour, few dozen struggling breaths, O began an unlikely 
transformation. The tears dried and her screams faded to gentle whimpers. She no longer 
begged or pleaded but seemed to accept her pain filled fate. Serenity engulfed her as she 
committed herself to a struggled that could only prolong her death. Where at first she had 
fought now she seemed to accept her lot with a simple dignity that is impossible to 
explain. She now moved with a smooth fluidness of a dancer performing  upon her cross. 
She would slide down onto the saddle and hang from her wrists with her legs bent to the 
right .In this position she could inhale but had great difficulty expelling a breath. 
Eventually her breathing came only in short labored gasps. Them with only the mildest 
whimper she slowly began to push herself up straightening her legs. When she was fully 
erect she expelled what air was in her lungs and quickly took great gulping breaths, but as 
her legs began to tremble she again slip down until she was hanging once more from her 
wrists and the shaft that impaled her bottom. O's struggles captivated everyone for the 
longest time. We all remained silent and motionless drinking in her brave agony.
I was unaware that O's blood had splattered my face and neck as her wrists had 
been nailed. Natalie who had been sitting on the grass next to my chair noticed this and 
retrieved a napkin and water glass from the buffet table. She moistened the napkin and 
began to wash the drying blood from my skin. I was somewhat startled, as I had never 
allowed Natalie to be so familiar with me. When she knelt between my legs and began to 
cleanse my manhood I stayed her hand. She gave me a puzzled look then glanced then 
down at my stirring member. She bent forward, kissed the tip and looked up with a grin. "  
Would you let me clean her?" she asked glancing over her shoulder at O. I pushed her 
away and nodded. Natalie hastened over to attend her mistress.  In truth O barely bleed as 
the flesh around the nails had swollen. While there was very little blood oozing from her 
wounds O too had been splattered with blood while being affixed to her cross. Natalie 
offered O a drink of water, which O accepted in silence. She moistened the napkin and 
she gently dabbed away the blood and that which still trickled from O's wrists and feet. 
She then set about washing away the urine and seamen that had dried along O's inner 
thighs. Satisfied Natalie took up a position kneeling at the side of O's cross. There she 
remained. 

Natalie's simple act of compassion broke the trance that had bound us all. 
Conversation resumed, groups of people wandered to the tables to eat while others 
pushed forward to get a closer look at O's pain wracked body. Some desired to touch O. 
Men who had brutally whipped her and used her in every imaginable way in the past now 
stroked her body with gentle reverence. . Eventually most came to accept O as an 
ornament of sorts. A living, dying, trembling, display that moved slowly upon her cross 
straining upward only to collapse down a few endless seconds later in a fitful, doomed 
struggle for breath. Men continued to approach in groups of two or three, stroking or 
kissing her breasts, caressing her smooth hairless mound, or even letting a finger slip into 
her sex. There was none of the coarse chatter however, they spoke in hushed tones and 
seemed in awe of the ritual of pain that had become O's sacrifice. For O's part she 
accepted it all with silent dignity, looking down demurely when others touched or probed 
her.  The seriousness of the situation seemed to make even the most hardened of them 
uncomfortable. By the time the sun hung low on the horizon most of the members had in 
fact lost interest and sought the warmth of the chateau.    

 	 Natalie, Anne Marie and I remained. Oil fueled torches were lit as darkness fell. 
O was weakening as the night air chilled and her body shook uncontrollably when she 
rested on her saddle. Anne Marie and I were served dinner in the garden and directed that 
coal fired braziers be set out for warmth and we allowed two to be set close to the cross 
for Natalie's comfort and any warmth O's naked body might glean. By Midnight Anne 
Marie was openly wondering when O might have the courtesy to die so we might all get 
some rest. If O heard the complaints she ignored them pressing on with her valiant 
ceaseless dance upon the cross. Anne Marie finally deserted us an hour later.  By then O 
was shivering and shaking so severely that she could barely rise for her next breath. 
Natalie was nodding in and out of wakefulness. I prepared a second mixture of wine and 
opiate perhaps to hasten O's end or at least add some measure of comfort. Natalie held it 
to O's lips but she was barely able to swallow and most of the mixture dribbled down her 
chin. 

              The drug did not have its intended effect and instead reinvigorated O's efforts for 
a brief time. The tremors and shaking lessened and O continued her futile dance. 
Eventually the pace of O's movement slackened and as she spent more and more time 
upon the seat. Natalie knelt before O's cross. She began to kiss and caress O with her lips 
and O ceased to struggle. A shudder ran through her body, her head slumped forward, 
lolling on her chest. I was sure she had finally expired. As I helped Natalie to her feet O 
suddenly rose up one final time. Her eyes opened wide as she spoke, not to me, but to 
Natalie. "He... is ... for you."  Were O's final words. 

              O was buried in the garden where she died. A rose bed marks her grave. Natalie 
entered training at the chateau and became my lifelong companion. The 'story of O' was 
published five years after her death and I always suspected Natalie was the author. She 
denies this and it may well be the only time she has lied to me. She has been of course 
punished for that indiscretion. Forgiveness will wait.
 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Lews


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





