BDSM Library - How I Got My Slave




How I Got My Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave girl whose fantasy is to be picked up and enslaved by an unknown stranger.  she will prepare herself for his arrival via a self-bondage.This is how I got my slave.  
I have finally arrived in the middle of the night. My plane touched down
  and I have been in town since the afternoon. This gave me the time I needed
  for final preparations. When I finally got to her house there was only the
  porch light. I approached quietly; observing the surrounding as I backed my
  vehicle up the driveway and shut off the engine and lights. I made sure there
  was no other soul around.  
I searched inside the bush and found a small box. I opened it up and inside
  I found a pair of keys on one key ring and a bunch other smaller ones on the
  other ring. There was a little note that read&hellip;"i am all yours&hellip; have
  no mercy on me."  
I clicked off the flashlight after reading the note turning my head around
  to secure the surrounding once again. Everything was going as planned. I looked
  around one last time to make sure no one was around as I gave the keys a try.  
The knob turned quietly. Perfect. I slipped in quickly and closed the door
  behind me as soon as I got the equipment duffle inside. I listened for a while&hellip; the
  house was dim and dead silent.  
I clicked on the flashlight once again. The setup of the house was exactly
  as what was described to me. Despite the darkness I could move easily without
  bumping into things. As I came around the corner the faint moaning of a helpless
  woman and the sound of shuffling undoubtly told me this was the master bedroom;
  and inside was a beautiful and tightly bound slave trapped by her own design.  
I picked up the brown envelope taped to the door just beneath the door knob.
  I opened it up and retrieved a signed document. In so man words, the document
  basically clearly spelled out&hellip; "i, &lt;name&gt;, willing give myself
  to &lt;name&gt; for whatever that he chooses to do to me. Together with this
  video tape and this signed confession as the whole evidence that I have willingly
  done this and i hold my abductor harmless for whatever action he takes against
  me&hellip;" so on, and on. On the back of it was her signature and lipstick
  of her luscious lips. The signature was what I needed; the lipstick was an
  unexpected gesture of welcome.  
I tucked the pages away inside my coat. I tossed the duffle over my shoulder
  and I tried the knob.  
Her ultimate fantasy just came true.  
I found her inside; a beautiful woman tightly tied and squirming on her stomach.
  From what I could see her hands were tightly cuffed by what resembled a pair
  of standard police issue handcuffs and her ankles were cuffed likewise. The
  ankle chain was pulled up and to her wrists; and everything was secured to
  her waist chain through a large brass lock. Her stunning legs and slender body
  was more than I have bargained for, to say the least.  
She continued to moan and shuffle about as much as she could but no more
  than an inch in either direction. I quietly dropped my duffle and moved closer
  for a better look. She was definitely wearing a blindfold and a padlocked strap
  was visible beneath her hair. I bet it was a large ball gag based on the noise
  she was making. Her legs were tied tightly with a pair of leather strap above
  and below her knees. Her arms were pinned close to her body; together into
  a tight hogtie. I examined the surrounding with my flash light. Indeed, no
  escape mechanism was found anywhere. This girl would have been permanently
  kept in this position until god knows what if I hadn't been here.  
I reached down and patted her butt gently, she reacted explosively. She started
  to thrash around and squirm and moaned loudly. No matter how much she tried
  her self-bondage was very effective she could gain an inch in any direction--a
  chain was attaching her neck to the head of the bed; and her ankles were also
  likewise attached to the foot of the bed. With all that moving about I could
  see the tight chastity belt locked her sex away. I reached into the duffle
  and pulled out an envelope. Yes, this must be the key--something I have received
  two weeks earlier. Even if she could, by a miracle, free herself from her self-bondage,
  she would still be locked in that belt. This was her commitment to her dream.
  Whether or not the belt motivated her to come to this stage of the game&hellip; and
  self-bondage &hellip; it was not important anymore.  
She was otherwise completely naked.  
I could have easily taken her right there, but I thought to myself, "what's
  the hurry?"  
I reached inside the duffle and found a remote control. I pushed a button
  on it and a faint humming was be heard. I knew what it was: the egg that has
  been lodged inside her for two weeks. It has continuously filled her for two
  weeks but bringing no relief without the remote. Instead, it teased for two
  full weeks. She couldn't do anything because of the belt. The coming alive
  of her egg made her jump. She knew her captor must have arrived &hellip; this
  was the signal of the beginning of her ultimate slavery.  
The blinking red light from the corner of the room identified itself as the
  v8 camera on a tripod. This was video tape that I needed. I retrieved the videotape
  and hooked it up to the TV that was in her bedroom.  
I cued the tape to the beginning and there she was. A beautiful smile was
  on her face and she was wearing a negligee. In the video she was reading a
  statement telling exactly what she was going to do to herself. she was going
  to tie herself up helplessly with NO possibility of freeing herself without
  the key. She also described where the keys were... and confessed to how much
  she wanted to become a total slave and be taken totally beyond her control.
  This has been her design.  
I sat for a moment and watched the elegant self-bondage. The video explained
  how she got those arms straps on by herself which I couldn't have figure out
  earlier. I took the time to enjoy her little performance. Finally, the video
  ended and on screen was showing a tightly bound helpless girl looking exactly
  like the one on the bed right now, except the girl on the bed now was moaning
  a lot louder than the one on TV.  
I shut off the TV and stuffed the video in my duffle. Everything was complete
  and going exactly as planned.  
I looked at my watch, 12:20am. I have at least a couple of hours before I
  had to execute my next move. Judging from the time of the video, she has been
  in her bondage for a little over two and half hours.  
I sat on the bed and stroked her hair&hellip; a beautiful girl who is now
  my very own slave. Whether she liked it or not, in a couple of hours she won't
  remember much of this and it won't matter either way. I continued to toy her
  helpless body and felt her body begging for my touch each time I got closer
  to her sex.  
The drug for the trick is Versed. The drug has not only anesthetic property
  it also has amnesia property. Once injected, the victim will be slowly knocked
  out and it will erode the memory for the previous 3-5 hours. No wonder they
  use this drug in surgery. I took a pre-filled syringe from my duffle and rubbed
  her firm butt cheek with an alcohol swab. It only took a second to complete
  the injection, then it will be about a good 10-15 minutes through a slow acting
  mechanism as the chemicals dissolve into the system to put a girl out completely.  
The injection was the final straw for me; time to use the slave. I pulled
  out a ring gag and replaced her ball gag. I used the same lock and locked the
  gag in place. I didn't want her lost of muscle control to give me any trouble.
  You know what I mean. I dropped my pants and my member immediately sprang to
  full attention. There I fucked her mouth slowly using her hair as anchorage
  as my other hand felt up and down her body laid on its side. she struggled
  and moaned; the chains clanked together; I paid absolutely no attention. Minutes
  later I was throbbing hard. I unbuckled her knee straps and spread her wide
  open as I rolled her onto her back. she moaned loudly when I withdrew myself
  from her mouth. I used the key in my pocket and freed the steel enforcement
  that kept her in agony for the last 2 weeks. She was soaking wet. I climbed
  up between her spread legs and thrust deeply into her soaking pussy and humped
  away. At first she responded immediately according to the new sensation; but
  soon her moaning became softer and softer and her muscles became weak as the
  drug worked its way in. The abduction was approaching its completion and this
  got me to a new height of excitement. I was on the edge of cumming.  
My thrusts became harder and deeper as her body became weaker and weaker.
  My groin was totally wet from her juices and so were her own thighs. I grabbed
  onto her waist chain as I pummeled my last few deep thrusts into her sex and
  watched her body limping before me.., then all my muscles tightened and exploded
  deeply inside her just as she became completely motionless and became silent
  from the drug.  
I wiped my forehead. I looked at my watch after a short recovery, 12:40am.  
I placed a couple of fingers by her jugular and checked her pulse and respiratory
  rate. The dosage was calculated precisely and it was working like a charm.  
I withdrew myself and replaced the egg and relocked the belt. Then I retied
  her legs above and below the knees using the original leather straps. Before
  climbing off her, I took a blue pill from my duffle and slipped it under her
  tongue. I replaced her ring gag with the original ball gag knowing the ball
  gag will press her tongue on top of the dissolving pill. The pill contained
  hormones in case she wasn't on any. The pill also contained other anesthetic
  agents to maintain the desired effect of my manipulation. The side effect of
  Versed is wet dreams. I don't mind that at all.  
I put everything away into my duffle and went to the garage leaving her alone
  for a few minutes. I first unscrewed the light bulb from the automatic door
  opener so there would be no lights. Then, I pushed a button and the garage
  door opened slowly. I quickly hopped into my van and backed it into the garage
  and immediately closed it again as soon as I was all the way in.  
Using the keys she provided, I successfully unchained her neck and ankles
  from the bed. She had absolutely no muscle tone whatsoever and no resistance.
  I checked to made sure she was breathing ok. I picked her up and tossed her
  over my shoulder and easily carried her to the parked van. I slipped her inside
  from the back, and went to work right away.  
I rented a cargo van and lined the bottom with a large blanket. I attached
  two long pieces of chain to each side of the van and I locked those around
  her neck with a padlock. This kept her from moving side to side. I unlocked
  her ankle cuffs and stretched her legs out. She was on her stomach once again.
  I slipped a pair of handcuffs around her slender ankles which bound her ankles
  together with only a couple of inches slack. Then, two more pieces of chain
  from both side of the van went around her ankles leaving no slacks for movement.
  Finally, I covered her naked body with another blanket. Her wrists remained
  cuffed securely to her waist behind her back.  
I went through the house again to make sure everything was in place. I didn't
  need anything from the house. She will have no need of any clothing either.
  I looked at my watch, 1:00am exactly.  
Everything was in place and I was on schedule. The drug will have its effect
  for about 4 hours. When she wakes up she will have little or no memory of the
  evening except probably the fact that she was tying herself up and that would
  be the last thing she will remember and nothing afterwards. She will have no
  idea she's been taken to her new Master's place.  
I locked the trunk of the van and hopped in. I started the engine and pulled
  out slowly. Who would know inside this van there is a helpless girl being transported
  to her ultimate slavery. I clicked the garage door shut using the remote she
  left on the washer for me. As the door began to close I threw the remote back
  inside the garage as I had no further use of it. I got what I came for.  
The final clicking sound of the garage door shutting marked the end of this
  evening's engagement and it also marked the beginning of a new journey to slavery
  for this lovely girl.  
I pulled onto the street and into the empty night. I took my gloves off.
  I left no trace of my existence.  
I am also a pilot and she knew that. But she didn't know I had rented a small
  charter the day of the arranged 'pick up.' Unlike large commercial airports,
  municipal airports are not patrolled or monitored. This was my next move.  
I drove according to the state law to not attract any attention.  
I arrived at the airport and I had no difficulty gaining entrance and pull
  up next to my airplane: a twin-engine Cessna Citation Sovereign good for 2,500
  nautical miles in any direction. This is becomes 20 million square mile of
  search area in case anyone is looking for this slave. That is just short of
  2/3 of the size of United States. We could be anywhere.  
I opened the cargo door and parked the van next to it. She was sound asleep
  and hasn't moved an inch. I tossed my duffle inside the cargo hold and went
  to work on the 'precious cargo.' I detached the chains from the sides of the
  van and carried her on board the Citation. I knew air travel would be cold
  so I bundled her up in a few extra layers of blankets. She would remain nevertheless
  restrained in the same manner since I picked her up. I secured the long chains
  to the anchor points inside the cargo hold and this held her tightly to one
  place inside the airplane.  
I closed the cargo door and hopped back into the van and drove off. A few
  minutes later I arrived and the night-return of the local truck rental and
  slipped the key of the truck inside the night deposit. Everything was status
  quo. This was just another typical truck rental that earlier afternoon. When
  it comes to truck rental, the rental shops have always kept the same policy:
  'no questions asked.'  
The shop was only a mile and a half away from the municipal airport and I
  didn't want to catch a cab. I would have taken me only 15 minutes on foot anyway.  
It was pushing 1:45am when I got back to the airport. I also had a good 15
  minutes to relish on what have just happened within the last couple of hours.  
No one was around when I got back. I climbed into the cockpit and gave the
  city a kiss-goodbye. The precious cargo remained intact. . . . . .  
The engine whirrrled and pre-flight was subsequently completed. No air clearance
  was needed when departing from a municipal airport. Just what I have wished.
  When I lined up the nose down the runway I glanced back at my tightly tied
  slave girl and cranked the throttle max open. &hellip;  
Minutes later we were in air and I hit the auto pilot switched and engaged
  the pre-programmed GPS navigation to a predetermined location. I sat back and
  let go of the control of the airplane to the autopilot.  
By 6am the next morning this slave girl will wake up in a cage inside a cell;
  she will have nothing on except a collar and wrist and ankle cuffs and chained
  to the stone wall. There will be this permanent gap in her memory .., from
  self-bondage, to ultimate slavery. Little or no memory of her van or plane
  ride, taken a few thousand miles away to a city, state.. place&hellip; completely
  unknown.  
The only thing she will know is servitude, slavery, and surrender.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MCarlos


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





