BDSM Library - Wednesday in SOHO




Wednesday in SOHO
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of a preformance Artist in SOHO england who is publicly stripped whipped and crucified with a little humiliation thrown in all in a days work and the pays OK. Wednesday in SOHO  
I felt a little nudge; I was sleeping on my left side while Mark curled up
  against my back. His right arm is draped along my side his hand cupping the
  curve of my bottom. He nudged me again. I could feel the hardness against my
  ass so I lifted my right leg a bit and let him slip in between. Mark let out
  a contented sigh as his little one slides along my pussy. I squeezed my legs
  together not wanting to lose him while I opened my eyes and propped myself
  up on an elbow.  
&quot;It's 9:30&quot; I groaned knowing that on Wednesday nothing broke our
  routine. &quot;All right luv, loosen up a bit and I'll put on the tea while
  you shower.&quot; I grudgingly released my grip on Mark and hopped out of bed.
  The shower was piping hot just the way I like it and in minutes my skin was
  bright pink and tingling. I soaped up rinsed off and then did up my hair with
  an herbal shampoo. It's a bit on the short side so I don't need a conditioner;
  I just rinsed it clean. There is a tapping on the bathroom door. Reluctantly
  I turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. Mark is waiting there
  sitting on the loo with a cup of tea in his hand.  
&quot; So much to do Luv.&quot; he smiles as he handed me my tea. He knelt
  down and with a fluffy white towel and began to dry me. This always made me
  feel a bit awkward. I mean he's not exactly my master we all work together
  here but in a way he is. He's in charge; He's something more and something
  less than the boss of our little group. Anyway I get a little fidgety when
  he kneels in front of me on Wednesdays, Fridays, and every third Sunday. I
  lift one foot for him to dry, then the next. He rubs me briskly as he works
  his way up my legs and my breath gets a bit ragged. When he reaches my puss
  my trembling hands set my tea down on the sink. I raise my arms grasping the
  shower curtain rod behind me. The towel briskly brushes along my back , softly
  caresses my belly and lingers over my breasts. Then he becomes all business
  as he dries each of my arms and he finishes my with my neck and face. He uses
  a smaller towel to dry my hair then applies a soft red lip stick to my lips.  
Mark sets the towel aside and brings out the razor. My legs I wax so that's
  no problem but Mark insists that he trim and shave my pussy and shave my underarms.
  I spread my legs wide as he sets to work. He 's very gentle as he shaves me
  clean along my outer lips, when he gets to the mound he clears the stubble
  away from the little triangle of hair he allows me. It's almost an inch above
  my hooded clit and seems to me to be an arrow pointing the way. Mark calls
  it my yield sign. After the shave he wipes the area with witch hazel gel to
  prevent any irritation. Once my puss is presentable I turn around and once
  again grasp the shower curtain rod and stand with my arms and legs spread wide.
  Mark quickly cleans away the stubble from my underarms. I shudder as the towel
  brushes gently against my underarms. I know what is coming.  
By now Mark is quite excited whether from all this intimate touching or the
  thoughts of what's to come He always uses me at this point. I never mistake
  this for lovemaking, though we have our share of that. I'm an actress and I
  know my role. This is pure and simple lust, I am here only for his use. The
  thought that I might object or even to consent to my own use is unimaginable
  I'm simply his warm wet hole waiting anxiously to be filled.. He pulls my hips
  back a bit so I'm slightly bent forward and steadily pushes deep into my slick
  entrance. I whimper out my own need. I know my desire for this has no real
  consequence or power. The fact that I want him deep inside me is merely a happy
  coincidence. My hips rock back and forth as he frantically pumps into me. All
  to quickly I feel him squirting his seed inside my pussy. I groan in disappointment
  and squeeze with my muscles trying to cling his warmth, and strength; all I
  succeed in doing is wringing a final spurt from him as he pulls away.  
My poor pussy is left grasping at the cool empty air. His cum starts to trickle
  down my inner thigh He pulls my hand away when I reach down to staunch the
  flow from my poor abandoned puss. I really wasn't going to touch my throbbing
  clit but he prevents it anyway. I sob with frustration.  
With his need satisfied, at least for now, he is ready to have me dressed.
  I put on my leather sandals and then stand with my legs spread wide. A piece
  of linen two yards long that isn't much wider than an inch and a half is wrapped
  twice around my waist. The end is tucked over in back and drawn between my
  legs. My throbbing clit grinds against the cloth as it is pulled up and over
  in front. Mark gives the loincloth a quick tug to make sure it's snug and that
  pulls it up between my pussy lips. I can feel the remnants of Marks cum dripping
  out moistening the cloth.  
 By now it's almost 10:30 so Mark sets off to the kitchen for a proper breakfast.
  The entire troupe is there, waiting. Brian is the best cook and almost always
  makes breakfast except on Monday's when he's the star of the afternoon show.
  Everyone is ignoring me. That's normal for whoever is going on stage, sort
  of a tradition. They all sit down to a proper English Breakfast of sausage,
  bacon, eggs, and new potatoes, with a slice of tomato, toast and tea. I sit
  alone on a stool in the corner with a cup of tea and nibble half heatedly on
  a ginger biscuit. My left hand descends toward my lap. I just need to adjust
  my loincloth a bit but before my fingers can brush against the front&hellip;&quot; Stop
  that!&quot; Mark snaps and all eyes turn toward me. I snatch my hand away like
  a guilty child and feel the heat flushing my cheeks.  
 Mark sits at the head of the table to his right sit Brian, Bruce, and Robert
  (the three B's we call them though Robert hates to be called Bobby) Brian will
  be doing the evening show but he seems to be completely calm right now. On
  the left Alice and Jesse sit with my empty chair between them chatting about
  the weather and how the streets aren't very crowded for this late in May. It's
  almost 11:00 when they finish eating.  
I squirm in uncomfortable silence trying to derive faint pleasure by rocking
  back and forth as I perch on the edge of my stool with my eyes closed and my
  imagination stuck back in the bathroom. &quot;I said stop it!&quot; a hand
  clamps down on my shoulder. Mark is behind me now and he lifts me up off the
  stool. I drop to my knees before him but he keeps pushing me forward until
  I am on my hands and knees. &quot; Now be a good girl and stay there.&quot; He
  says. I am completely humiliated, and fighting back tears of frustration but
  I stay exactly as he has placed me.  
 Everyone else pitches in with the dishes. They carefully ignore me, working
  around me as I remain stock still. Once the kitchen is cleaned up they go off
  to get into costume. I wait on my hands and knees by the stool trying not to
  tremble.  
They return one by one in there resplendent little costumes Bruce and Bobby
  dressed as Roman soldiers with their plumbed helmets, armored chest plates,
  pleated leather skirts and sandals. The lads at the gay bars always tag along
  for a bit when they see them march by. Alice and Jesse are dressed in demure
  white linen robes and sandals they will follow behind handing out brochures
  and explaining our little theater to the curious ones that seem bold enough
  to be interested. Mark roughly pulls me to my feet and finishes dressing me.
  I hope he isn't really mad. He slips a short linen robe over my head. Its ragged
  hem ends three to four inches above my knees and barely hides my skimpy loincloth.
  My hands are tied behind my back with a wide strip of black cloth that will
  later be used as a blindfold. Finally a soft leather collar goes around my
  neck. It has two imbedded rings. Two rope leashes each about 6 feet long are
  clipped to the rings of my collar. Brian is off till six when he has to prepare
  for the evening show. Everyone else is ready. It's 11:20 on Wednesday and my
  stomach is twisting in knots  
&quot;Good luck Luv&quot; Mark says cheerfully sending me off with a peck
  on the cheek and a good natured swat on the fanny. He heads off to set up the
  theater. Bruce and Bobby grab the rope leads and with a gentle tug they head
  me toward the door. The Girls each grab a stack of brochures and follow behind.  
Despite what they had been saying at breakfast there is a good size crowd
  on the street. So much so that we need to walk down the middle of the road
  The sidewalks are far too crowded. It seems a bit dreamlike, my belly tightens
  with each step. I am shivering though it is a hot sticky morning. We head down
  Meard Street then up Dean and Across Soho Square. The boys set the pace and
  it's entirely too slow for my taste.  
I'm an actor according to my union card and our license calls this performance
  art so the Bobbies don't hassle us anymore. When we were first starting out
  our daily victim would be carrying a crossbeam but there were complaints from
  some of the locals and tourist, that was too much for the local arts council.
  This is our compromise.  
As I said I'm an Actress but it takes very little acting skill to keep my
  head bent down and to blush as onlookers crowd around. We always attract a
  crowd. The girls hand out the brochures with an eye for the serious customer
  who can afford the L 35.00 that the show costs. &quot;See the passion of St.
  Rachel&quot; (St Raymond on the printing when one of the lad's plays the lead)
  the leaflet proclaims. There is a brief description that leaves little to the
  imagination, pictures of the theater set up like a little chapel with pews
  enough for 90 paying customers. The final a picture of a life size cross in
  the sanctuary, no one hangs on it; no sense giving away the show you know.
  There are directions to the &quot;Theater of the Church of Saint Marks London
  Martyrs&quot; In bold letters at he bottom of the flyer it says &quot;Interactive
  Performance Art&quot;.  
They follow only a few feet behind me. I can hear most of what is said. &quot; Will
  they use a real whip on her?&quot; &quot; yes, of course, it's real and made
  of leather&quot; &quot;Will she be naked?&quot; &quot; absolutely&quot; &quot; &quot;do
  they use nails?&quot; &quot; Get real, It's theater.&quot; The chit chat goes
  on as if I weren't there. It is loud enough to be heard by all those within
  a dozen feet. I blush and keep my eyes averted studying the pavement as the
  procession plods onward.  
After crossing Soho Square we turn west on D'Arblay St. past the &quot;adult&quot; toy
  stores then south on Poland where the pubs are filling with some early lunch
  customers. We head west on Broadwick and down a bit of Marshall to Golden Square.
  By then we have collected quite a following so we head toward the theater.
  We're walking faster now; it's nearly twelve. I've done this a hundred times,
  quite literally, but still I'm a nervous wreck every time.  
Once we reach the theater the girls go right inside to make final preparations
  and then act as ushers. Mark has been manning the ticket booth in the lobby
  and the line stretches out the door. There seem to be about twice as many men
  as women and most of the women are accompanied by a man. I am guided through
  the lobby to the doorway leading into the theater.  
Bobby turns me so I face the wall. He unties my hands and allows me a moment
  to rub my wrists. After a few moments he pulls my right arm back and straps
  a leather cuff on my wrist. He repeats the process on my left wrist. He then
  raises both my wrists only to draw them together behind my neck. The collar
  on my neck is rotated until one ring is in front and one sticks out behind
  me. The metal clip that attaches the leash is clipped onto the two wrists cuffs.
  The end of the leash is tucked up over my bound wrists. I am turned once more
  to face our customers. With my hands bound behind my neck my elbows stick out
  to the sides. This causes my breasts to rise and jut out more prominently.
  The short robe I wear rises even higher on my thighs. I am made to kneel beside
  the door. Bruce uses his foot to nudge my knees further apart. I lean back
  resting my bottom on my heels and take one final look at the line of customers
  who have come to see me suffer. The man entering the theater stares at my skimpy
  loin cloth which is now revealed by the kneeling position I am forced into.
  Bobby takes the black strip of cloth that was used to bind my wrists and wraps
  it twice around my head before knotting it behind. I am blindfolded. I tense
  waiting for what will come next. The boys tell me they do it to make sure I
  can't see. I think they just enjoy making me flinch. I yelp when the front
  leash lashes cruelly across my upper thighs. Sometimes they strike a breast
  or across my belly, there's no telling where they'll strike. &quot;No I guess
  she didn't see that one coming.&quot; Bobby chuckles.  
I'm the only one who uses a blindfold. I have it left on through the scourging
  and then for the first half-hour or so on the cross. Mark says I use it because
  I'm really a shy little girl who wants to hide from her inner slut. Maybe he's
  on to something there. By the time it comes off I'm sweating and panting like
  the proverbial bitch in heat. It helps me get into my role and the patrons
  seem to like it. It provides a little variety for the regular customers.  
Now I'm on my knees while the customers pass by on their way into the theater.
  I straighten my back pushing out my breasts. I grasp my left wrist with my
  right hand and try to cradle my bound wrists against the back of my neck. My
  elbows extend outward like stubby little wings.  
I can only imagine the thoughts passing through their minds as they await
  the show. I wonder how many of those sixty odd cocks are already stiffening
  in anticipation. Someone passing by lifts my chin and tussles my hair. It seems
  to be a gentle gesture but for some reason I resent it. &quot;bitch.&quot; I
  hiss under my breath though I don't really know if it was a man or a woman.
  The church bell (the real church two blocks away) is ringing noon and it's
  time to go in.  
When I'm blindfolded my hearing seems to improve and I can hear Mark engaged
  in an animated conversation at the ticket booth. I pick up bits and pieces
  of the conversation. Mark saying &quot;have to change&quot; A male voice a
  Yank from the accent saying &quot; L100.00 is almost $200 &quot; and a female
  saying &quot; &hellip;only one 10 th  anniversary. &quot; I
  smiled to myself, whatever they were discussing I know Mark will probably agree
  because he's such a hopeless romantic I just didn't realize it would involved
  me so intimately. Mark and the American couple finally reached some sort of
  agreement and head into the theater.  
Someone behind me grabs me under the shoulders and pulls me to my feet. I'm
  a little disoriented with the blindfold but the hands turn me in the right
  direction then sweep down the curve of my body and give my bottom a friendly
  little swat.  
It's beginning and I take a deep breath. I try to swallow but my mouth has
  gone dry. The leash gently tugs me forward. My knees are weak and my legs wobble
  as I'm lead slowly down the aisle. I strain to make out the anticipatory whispers
  that rise from the audience on either side but I can barely hear them over
  the pounding of my heart.  
 I nearly stumbled on the first step up into the sanctuary but Bruce steadies
  me. I'm turned about to face the audience. Bruce is on my left but I can't
  hear Bobby on my right. It seems that Bruce is working alone now. One by one
  my sandals are removed, then the wrists are unclipped from the collar. I want
  to stretch my arms but I'm given no time as the robe is pulled over my head.
  The audience murmurs in admiration as my bare breasts are revealed. I shiver;
  I' m standing before these strangers in my blindfold and a skimpy loincloth.
  Bruce's hand closes on the front of my loincloth and with a rough tug it too
  is pulled free. The last vestige of modesty has been removed. After a pause
  of a few seconds the spectators break into applause.  
I am made to stand before them a few moments longer. I hear footsteps approach
  from my right. Bobby is back. Two pair of hands turn me around. My back is
  now to the crowd. My leather wrist cuffs are attached to the two ropes dangling
  from the ornate columns on either side of the sanctuary entrance. I feel my
  arms are being pulled up over my head, spread wide between the two high posts.
  The ropes tighten and I'm straining, nearly up on my tiptoes.  
The sanctuary is kept warm year round by two electric heaters. It's almost
  27 C a little warmer than comfortable even for a girl who's naked. Still I'm
  shivering even as the sweat begins to form on my brow. My breath is coming
  in ragged gasps. The scourging is about to begin; we use two nine tailed leather
  cats with half-inch wide suede lashes.  
 &quot;Ever done this to a woman before? Bruce asked. &quot; Never, My wife
  thinks she might want to try but&hellip;&quot; It's not Bobby but a slow thick
  American accent, off to my left... &quot;Right, well we're not trying to draw
  blood here or rip up her flesh.&quot; Bruce says calmly. I'm really starting
  to get frantic now. What was Mark thinking. &quot;We just want to turn her
  back and bottom a bright rosy pink. Timings important now, so just follow my
  lead and strike when I give you the nod.&quot; Without further ado a cat slashes
  across my upper back. I gasp and twist to my left trying to escape the sting.
  I begin to count to thirty but it takes almost thirty-five seconds before I
  feel a tentative lash on the right shoulder. &quot;A little harder next time &quot; Bruce
  advises. Thirty seconds on the dot and Bruce gives me another smart whack with
  the cat. The Yank follows right on time and this time I can feel it. &quot;Harder
  yet&quot; Bruce orders and he waits his thirty seconds to demonstrate with
  a swat across my bottom I hop and yip in pain. The Yank delivers his blow on
  time and across my ass with enough strength to set me dancing on one foot. &quot;Good
  one.&quot; Bruce observes.  
They lapse into silence working like a well-practiced team. I can count the
  lashes or I can count the time between them I've never been able to do both.
  I choose to count the time. What I do doesn't alter a thing for I'll be scourged
  for twenty minutes receiving forty lashes spaced thirty seconds apart. They
  work there way up and down my back as I twist and hop from foot to foot for
  the spectators amusement. By the time it is half over I've given up counting
  and Just screech as the blows fall and sob as I wait for the next one. It isn't
  the most sever whipping you're likely to see but by the time it's over my back
  and ass are on fire and I'm dripping with sweat.  
The cats are set aside. The ropes slacken a bit, and my arms are lowered
  enough to let me stand with my legs spread apart. I walk my feet backward a
  step and bend slightly at the waist leaning forward and grabbing hold of the
  ropes letting them take some of my weight. I'm in the same position I was in
  this morning when Mark used me, my puss feels exposed and needy. The two &quot;Roman
  guards&quot; take up their position beside me. I can hear the squeaks and rustling
  from the pews as the girls usher the assembly up the right hand aisle. As they
  pass through the archway on the right there is a sign. &quot; Use Gloves! Hands
  Only.&quot; Set along the altar railing are three boxes of disposable latex
  gloves (small medium and large). I can hear the snap of latex as the first
  person slips on a pair and then they reach me; hands, dozens of them, one after
  another, sometimes two, three, or four at once. A procession of hands too many
  to count. They wander freely over my body. I can't see or do a thing, all I
  can do is feel. Some want to feel the heat of my whipped flesh through a thin
  layer of latex while others feel a need to give my throbbing ass just one more
  swat. I can feel cool breath on my burning back as someone leans over me to
  fondle my dangling breast and nipple. Other hands trace the strands of the
  whip marks across my bottom. Everyone feels the need to brush a lingering hand
  across my pussy's lips.  
I tell myself I'll be strong. I won't let these strangers shame me like the
  last time (and the time before, and before that&hellip;.) I squeeze my eyes
  shut behind me blindfold, grit my teeth and lock my legs in position determined
  not to move. I jump a bit when someone's wants to see how far he or she can
  jam their finger into my ass. That's allowed as long as they don't try fisting
  me. (That's been tried before and it's one reason why the &quot;Roman guards&quot; stand
  at my side). I'm determined to stand there stoically accepting my fate.  
The people seem quiet as they reach out stroking, poking, and grabbing but
  their hands begin to commune with my poor throbbing body. They tell me of curious
  tongues, nibbling mouths and throbbing cocks wanting to plunge into my pussy
  from behind. My pussy lips thicken and moister begins to seep from between
  them . She can't help it. It's all those hands demanding, grasping, and fondling
  her, brushing over her, she can't take it. At first it's barely perceptible
  the slight tilt of the hips as my pussy pushes upward gradually opening to
  greet the next hand. Then my hips are rocking as the hands caress the length
  of her. I shudder and before I know it my ass is wagging obscenely and my clit
  is throbbing and my gapping pussy is nearly grasping at the fingers that stroke
  and probe. I'm so close nothing will stop me. Now I can hear snatches of comments
  as the line files past &quot;Horny little bitch&quot; says a female voice &quot;brazen
  slut&quot; says another &quot;voracious slit &quot; says an overly articulate
  man, and &quot;dripping cunt &quot; from another rumbling male voice. I feel
  my face flush and I know it's at least as bright as my bottom but I no longer
  care. I concentrate on what the hands are telling me as I try to block out
  the other sounds. But a new problem is quickly developing. The constant sweep
  of fingers across my pussy and constant poking have combined with the two full
  cups of tea that I had earlier. I have a desperate need to pee. Thoughts of
  release fade. Now as the line of hands continues to file past me I'm no longer
  seeking them out. I'm squeezing my legs together and urgently trying to avoid
  the probing digits. I vaguely wonder if these last few people in line feel
  cheated. In any event my bloated bladder keeps me from cumming. At last the
  90 odd pair of hands have paraded past me and familiarize themselves with my
  body. I really don't know how long it took. It seemed to go on forever but
  I'm not sure it lasted much longer than the flogging. I'm sweating And squeezing
  my legs together and the boys must know something is wrong. I whisper to Bruce
  that I need to Pee NOW! and he grunts. I can imagine the grin that's spreading
  across his face. This hasn't happened to me for a long time. And never so early
  in the show.  
The leather cuffs are freed from the ropes and my arms drop to my side. Bruce
  and the other man each grab me under a shoulder and hustle me into the sanctuary
  and up the four steps to where my cross lays waiting. The cross is lying flat
  supported off the floor by five wooden blocks Three along the vertical beam
  and one at each end of the cross beam. It's about eight inches off the ground
  but quite stable. I'm clenching my legs together begging them to wait, not
  to put me on the cross yet. I'm sure the audience thinks it's all part of the
  act. I fall to my knees in front of my cross. A few drops of pee escape and
  I squeeze even harder. &quot;Don't you dare piss on the rug.&quot; Bobby hisses
  at me. He has replaced the American, a small comfort but I'm too distracted
  to think about it now. He pulls me up by my shoulder and rocks me backward
  until I'm squatting on my heals. Bruce shuffles forward and slides a ceramic
  basin between my feet. It bumps against my ankles and I spread my legs wider
  so he can slide the basin forward. I blindly reach forward to steady myself.
  My hands find the base of my cross's vertical beam. . I feel a light slap on
  my ass. &quot;Ok your over the bowl,&quot; Bobby says to me. &quot;Now pee&quot;.
  Far away I hear the muffled sound of a church bell striking one.  
I squat naked, blindfolded, balancing over a bowl I can't see. I can feel
  the eyes of 90 people boring into my back watching me and waiting for me. Nothing
  happens. &quot;We haven't got all day, girl. The show must go on.&quot; Bruce
  growls. Still we all wait . I need to pee desperately but nothing is happening
  no matter how hard I try. I get a sharp swat on the ass &quot;Pee damm it!&quot;  
 Bruce gives me another brisk smack, he seems to be enjoying it. I'm becoming
  so frustrated that tears are soaking into my blindfold. While Bruce continues
  to yell and slap at my abused bottom Bobby brings my right hand up to his mouth
  and with his tongue licks in circles around my pinky finger. Bruce lands another
  blow on my bottom and then Bobby pulls my finger into his mouth suckling on
  it as he coats it with his saliva. Bruce has stopped yelling but I tensely
  wait for the next slap. Then Bobby is blowing warm air on my moistened finger.
  The warmth and moisture loosens something in my mind and my body relaxes. The
  loud tinkling of my pee falling into the basin seems to echo through the silent
  theater. The tinkle becomes a splashing torrent and I sigh contentedly, I hope
  the bowl is big enough. Another flush of embarrassment washes over my face
  as I think of the staring audience. I lower my head and all I smell is my own
  urine as it splashes into the basin. With a few final squirts I'm done. The
  boys stand me up and while one takes the bowl away the other uses my discarded
  loincloth to wipe me up. I've splashed some pee on my thighs and bottom and
  he's quite thorough wiping me. My puss grinds against his hand. I've been whipped
  and thoroughly humiliated. It's now time to begin the main event. I take a
  deep breath as they stretch my arms wide,. They turn me around again so I'm
  facing the audience. I straddle wood of my cross a foot on either side. They
  hold my arms outstretched as they walk me backward.  
We each have our own cross and mine is a familiar old friend. It is stained
  a dark cherry that contrasts well with my pale skin. The vertical beam is a
  four by six inch piece of clear cedar over nine feet long with a footrest on
  either side. The cross piece is a five and a half feet long four by four piece
  of cedar. It joins the upright in a smooth mortise joint a foot below the top.
  Two and a half feet below that my sedile protrudes from the upright. It is
  a hardwood dowel an inch and a half in diameter and juts out six inches. It
  is capped by a hardwood knob two inches in diameter.  
My ankles bump against the foot rests and I step over them. The two Roman
  guards pull me down onto the wood. They each take control of a wrist. First
  the wrist cuffs are attached to the crossbeam. then rope is bound over them
  hiding the leather from view. I slip my hands through the metal handles that
  are bolted onto the crossbeam. As I curl my fingers around the handle a dark
  square tab of Iron protrudes between the third and forth fingers. This gives
  the illusion of a nail head driven through the palm as the fist clenches over
  it. We used to use theatrical blood packets squeezed between the fist and handle
  but they are sticky and quite a mess when you're being stroked and fondled
  by a hundred curious onlookers My arms are firmly attached, I'm the prisoner
  of my cross.  
One of the men swings a wooden mallet striking against the bolts at the top
  of the right hand handle. It is done strictly for show and makes a satisfying
  clang. I scream on cue jerking and twisting my torso as my feet flail helplessly.
  After four or five blows they turn their attention to my left hand and the
  process is repeated. I imagine the audience squirming in their seats as they
  listen to the hammer blows mixing with my screams.  
The men move down my body easily capturing my feet. They stretched my legs
  down toward the foot of the cross. I feel my body slide down the cross until
  my crotch is firmly pressed against the sedile. Only then do they bend my legs
  pushing my feet up toward the footrests. The footrests of my cross are two
  wooden blocks bolted to the sides of the upright. They are planed to a 45 degree
  slope away from the upright. The front half of an open toed sandal has been
  nailed to each one. My feet are slipped into these half sandals and bound to
  the footrests with rope more rope wraps around my ankles fixing them tightly
  against the upright. My legs are now fixed in an obscenely open position with
  my feet pointed outward. It will still allow me to push up and down with my
  legs but it is quite impossible to close my legs. One of the men straddles
  my legs. Grabbing my left calf he gives it a tug checking my bonds then he
  checks the right. The mallet rises and falls smacking against the side of the
  left footrest. It is followed by a blow to the right side. The hammer blows
  fall in rapid succession alternating from left to right. I cry out and squirm
  seductively on my cross.. After about ten blows to each footrest the hammer
  is set aside. He moves off to attach the chains to the ring at the top of my
  cross.  
My cross weighs over 300 pounds when I'm attached. It is pulled upright by
  using a series of pulleys and a hand cranked winch. The top of the cross slowly
  rises off it's supports and the foot dips down to rest on the floor. I'm not
  exactly sure why but this is the one part of the entire scene that makes me
  very nervous. As the cross slowly rises the crossbeam is lifted free of the
  blocks and begins to wobble from side to side. My body begins to slide downward
  and I try to press myself back against the wood. I lick my lips and try to
  swallow but my mouth is drier than chalk dust. My arms shake and my legs tremble
  as I try to press my body back into the wood. It is as if I hope to find some
  safety in the embrace of my cross.  
The winch turns and the cross continues to rise. My weight begins to transfer
  from my back to my feet and I cling to the handles trying to keep myself steady
  on the shifting wood. Soon I feel the sedile firmly planted between my legs
  and the cross is completely upright. In fact the cross is swinging free as
  the entire weight is held aloft on the ropes and chains attached to the upright.
  The cross seems to sway forward and backward as the men line it up with it's
  slot in the stage. The hand crank reverses and the cross slowly descends into
  the aperture that has been built into the stage. It descends a full 18 inches
  into the slot in the floor, half of which is a metal jacketed opening in the
  cement floor beneath the stage.  
My cross is planted, I'm trapped, as ensnared as any ancient prisoner crucified
  and displayed before a lustful crowd. The beginnings of panic flicker in my
  head and I nurture them. I begin to test the strength of my bonds. I rise up
  on my legs pushing forcefully against the footrests. I throw my body's weight
  twisting to the left then to the right. The cross vibrates like a straining
  lover but doesn't sway. I lower myself gingerly onto the sedile allowing it
  to bear most of my weight. I raise and lower my hips trying to find a less
  uncomfortable position but in the end must hold myself up with arms and legs.
  I slide all the way back on the sedile pressing my back hard against the upright.
  My breath comes in ragged gasps. I try to close my knees but my feet are splayed
  and my bound ankles are held tight against the upright so I lack the flexibility
  to bring my knees together.  
The cross is a male instrument. It holds one open, presses into your flesh,
  proudly displays it's captive trophy. The erect sedile is of course only too
  phallic as is it's cousin the cornu. But in it's truest and deadliest form
  it was about opening and penetrating flesh. The cross is rarely gentle with
  it's lovers.  
With a sigh I slide forward on the sedile slipping my pussy up and over the
  smooth knob at it's end. The sedile presses along the crack of my ass as I
  lower myself further. My legs fold and most of my weight is supported by my
  arms. In this position I seem to be kneeling in mid air but still my legs are
  splayed wide and I still can not close my knees. The sedile is pressing into
  the small of my back. I can only maintain this position for a few moments then
  I raise myself back onto the sedile. The spectators murmurs impatiently, they
  want to touch.  
It is much harder for the men of course. Health regulations require that
  they wear a rubber. The show requires them to remain erect for over three hours
  while being tormented and teased. They all use cockrings and desensitizing
  creams. I begin to rub slowly across the sediles knob as I think about my male
  companions. Brian and Bruce each have their crosses equipped with a cornu.
  These blunted horn shaped pegs allow them to take some weight off their arms
  and legs but only if they surrender their ass to the relentless cross. Alice
  uses a cornu too though she has no interest in anal sex when she is not writhing
  on her cross.  
Bobby has a simple block mounted on his upright to rest his butt on between
  his struggles. He is also the only one of us that did not really volunteer
  for the job. His Mistress had approached Mark about having him crucified in
  public. Mark explained to her that we're all card carrying union actors and
  we have a theater license to protect. They eventually worked out a deal, She
  sold Bobby to Mark for the right to invite up to 4 guests to the show twice
  a week for a few months. Mark got Bobby a union card and put him to work. Bobby
  was heartbroken at first but did as he was told, after two years he has become
  one with our little troupe and seems much happier about his life. He is paid
  the same as any of us and he even stands up to Mark now and then if he thinks
  he's being slighted. He is certainly the one crucified male in our group who
  is most comfortable with the women stroking and teasing him as he struggles
  on his cross. Sometimes when the show is over we ladies will gather around
  him and take turns tickling his sack and stroking his pulsing shaft to see
  which one of us will bring him off. When his cross is lowered onto the blocks
  we will take turns squatting over his crucified form riding his erection until
  he cries out.  
&quot;Hump it bitch!&quot;  
The crude shout snaps me out of my reverie and back into my own predicament.
  I am panting and sweating furiously. I feel my arms trembling from the strain.
  I have bent forward as far as possible and my breasts are swaying from side
  to side as I try desperately to work the knob of my sedile into my hungry pussy.
  Even with my hips bent forward as much as my cross lover will allow I can do
  little more than rub myself over the knob. I groan in frustration. The rigid
  sedile just juts straight out and I cannot work the shaft inside of me. With
  a sigh of resignation I straighten and slide back along my sedile. I wince
  in pain as my blindfold is yanked away pulling a few hairs off with the knot.  
With the blindfold gone I blink into the brightness. Sweat blurs my vision
  and runs down my nose, a drop forms at the tip of my nose waiting to fall.
  I need someone to mop my brow because I'm unable to brush the sweat away. I
  shake my head sending droplets flying in every direction. I finally raise my
  head and try to look out at the audience. My vision begins to adjust and the
  shadows slowly come into focus. Most are too busy ogling my writhing nakedness
  to even notice or care that my blindfold has been removed. Their eyes just
  don't stray above my breasts. They are oblivious to me as a person I am merely
  an object of fascination and yearning. The very air I breath is thick with
  desire and lust. As my eyes roam the rows of pews I come across some who will
  acknowledge me. The American who was allowed to whip me is still wearing his
  borrowed robe. His wife of ten years has her head in his lap busily bobbing
  up and down while his half open eyes lock on mine. There is a hardness and
  a longing in them that makes me shudder. I look away. Two rows back and to
  the right a woman squirms in her seat her hand disappearing into her skirt.
  Her eyes stare deeply into mine with a desperate desire. I don't know if she
  wants me or wants to be me but again I am the one forced to look away blushing
  deeply. There are others though not that many who will look into my eyes and
  every time it is I who must look away.  
The girls have started to escort the audience up to the sanctuary again.
  Row by row the pews empty and begin their journey up the right hand aisle.
  This time I will not have the anonymity of a blindfold. I will see them and
  all that they will do to me. I have forgotten to breath and I draw in a sharp
  breath. I am terrified. The first person is putting on her fresh pair of gloves.
  She seems so completely normal. If she wore a camera around her neck and a
  sun hat she would be a screaming caricature of a tourist. As she stands before
  me I notice just how petite she really is. She can't be over five feet she
  reaches up but can barely brush the tips of her fingers against my panting
  breasts.  
The man behind her notices her difficulty and roughly grabs me by the hips.
  He slides me forward on the sedile until he has pulled me completely free of
  it and my body drops a full foot. The woman thanks him politely as her hands
  caress my now accessible breasts she tweaks my nipples and leans forward as
  if to kiss my belly. Bobby quickly places a hand on her chest restraining her
  and she moves on. The man who so unceremoniously dumped me off my sedile is
  next in line and he takes advantage of my newly exposed position to stroke
  lovingly at my slit as the sedile pokes into my lower back. I push upward trying
  to regain my seat and he seems willing to help lift me back onto the sedile.
  The next one pulls me forward on the sedile and grasping my hips in both hands
  opens my ass checks and presses me down as if to impale my bottom. In fact
  the knob of the sedile is forced half way into my ass and it provides me with
  enough support while exposing my pussy to the wandering hands. He is satisfied
  and spends some time stroking my breasts and puss. The line moves on each one
  spending a minute or so caressing my exposed body. I respond with gentle moans
  as my pussy once more moistens and my clit peaks out at the line of hands.  
 A few still want to inflict pain with a slap at my ass or a pinch of my
  more sensitive flesh. At times like this I hate pain! I know that sounds a
  little strange coming from a girl that makes her living being whipped and crucified
  a couple times a week but it's true. I don't like pain. There is nothing erotic
  about it. I just endure it and try to get past it. The slaps and pinches drive
  me back from the edge while the strokes and gentle probing spur me on. Some
  want to stroke my arms or neck or along my inner thigh but most lack such subtlety
  and concentrate on my breasts and pussy.  
 It is like a medieval pilgrimage, the faithful traveling from great distances
  to our little church for a chance to lay hands upon the holy relic that my
  body has become for them. Before the first row has returned to their seats
  I am hopelessly enthralled. I twist and turn to expose my panting body to the
  faithful. My shameless pussy weeps her desire onto my already slick sedile.
  I raise myself on trembling legs to thrust my pussy at the audience as they
  slowly file past me. One man bends to sniff and I all but plunge myself against
  his face. My guards now must restraining me as well as the overly enthusiastic
  members of the audience. When it becomes clear that I have but one desire the
  cruel remarks begin again but I pay them no mind. I am now moaning and groaning
  as I shamelessly plead for release The leering line continues past me. Each
  one obliged to run their hands across my body. Some (mostly women) seem determined
  to tease and torment me; others (mostly men) wanting to be the one that push
  me over the edge. I continue to be pinched, and patted, slapped and stroked.  
A petite redhead stands before me smiling wickedly. Her thumb gently scrapes
  through the moisture between my pouting lips then reaches under me and impales
  my bottom. I groan as she brings her right hand up taking my clit between thumb
  and forefinger and slowly coaxing it out.  
I screech in agony as fingernails pinch into me. I know she must have drawn
  blood. Bruce pushes the woman away from me but she shrugs him off simply standing
  back and allowing the next in line to step forward. My tear filled eyes see
  a knowing smirk on her face. Tears are rolling down my cheeks as a tall man
  with sandy blond hair takes her place. He fixes me with his slate gray eyes
  and I cannot turn away.  
&quot; She will pay for that.&quot; He tells me with calm assurance. I glance
  at her again and see a look of fear wash the smugness off her face. I am glad.
  They must be a couple, that is why she is waiting for him. He reaches out with
  an upturned left hand. Gently his palm cups my mons. a finger stenches out
  along the crevice of my pussy lovingly stroking in a gentle forward sweep.
  All thoughts of pain and terror are swept away and I begin to grind myself
  against the proffered palm. As My motion becomes more vigorous the finger slips
  into me. I groan and begin to work my hips up and down. He keeps his hand pressed
  against me. All of the frustrations, the desires, desperate need and yes even
  the pain of this long day are building to a sharp point. A second finger slips
  into me pressing outward widening my already distended lips. A low guttural
  groan begins to climb several octaves as my lungs slowly empty. A third finger
  slips in and my tears flow. A thumb softly strums across my throbbing clit
  and I burst. I am emptied of everything as I helplessly pump down on the triad
  of fingers filling me. My wants, desires, and needs simply flow out of me into
  his upturned palm. The world begins to narrow and darken but I can't think
  of anything. My cross vibrates with my release and I am his.  
&quot;Breath!&quot; some small corner of my mind screams and for a panicked
  moment I am sure I've forgotten how. Finally with a gasp my lungs begin to
  refill. The fingers have withdrawn I wonder if they have been expelled by the
  spasm that shook me to the core . I open my eyes and see the tall blond standing
  before me. He is smiling complacently. His left hand still cupped below me
  holds a small puddle of my secretions. He raises this to my nose and I can
  do nothing but inhale. I am truly emptied, released, beyond caring nothing
  can matters now. With another rasping breath I steady myself on my cross.  
My arms and legs are exhausted and I lower myself onto the sedile. The man
  who has done this to me still stands before me. The line behind him is getting
  restless. They want their turn with me. He isn't finished though, He dips three
  fingers of his right hand into the puddle of moisture that he cups in his left.
  Carefully he draws a moist line across my belly. My belly shudders in response.
  He then traces circles around my nipples and brushes lines along the underside
  of my outstretched arms. My body twitches and jerks with each touch of those
  moistened fingers. I was wrong. I wasn't beyond caring. I am being anointed
  with my own essence . He is determined to show me I can still blush. He turns
  at last and casually sweeps his left palm across the redheads face. She glares
  at me with pure hatred. If looks could drive nails I would never leave this
  cross. He grabs her by the arm and they both returned to their seats.  
The line continues but I am barely aware. I remain perched upon the end of
  my sedile open and uncaring while the end of the line files by. They seem to
  want to punish me now as more of them pinch and slap my tender flesh than caress
  it. It is well after three when the line finally ends and the Audience is thanked
  for their participation. Mark reminds them that they can purchase souvenir
  photos in the lobby. Those that had paid the extra ten pounds come forward
  to have their picture taken with a real live crucified damsel. A couple one
  on either side their arms entwined across my naked rump. A young man resting
  his head against the side of my chest while he throws an arm around my waist.
  Lovely photos for the scrape book on the coffee table and no doubt a few will
  end up on the net.  
I am exhausted when they finally lower my cross and release me. I spend a
  few minutes resting in place catching my breath. Eventually Mark comes and
  helps me up. He has brought me a change of clothing While I'm done for the
  day and can head home and rest he has an evening show to prepare for.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Lews


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





