BDSM Library - Revenge




Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Betting shop manager finds three young female employers thieving. So blackmails them into porno videos.Watching some of the soaps on television I heard that the writers East Enders
  were running out of good story lines . So to this end I wrote this script,
  which is possible, more realistic than some I have seen.  
For those who don't know of the Soap its based in a working class district
  of London and uses characters in a village type atmosphere around a central
  square contain a market and follows the day to day activities of the residents.
  But could easily be translated to many of the other soaps on any countries
  TV it is mainly a corporal punishment story but uses blackmail to get 3 characters
  in the soap to do porno videos under duress then adds group bondage and sex
  and a full day working in a bondage house as sex slaves  
Revenge part 1  
By BlackStar  
Andy sat watching the video recorder, and thought about his next action.
  He was angry but also disappointed.  
He had just been watching two of his employees ripping him off to the tune
  of at least &pound;150 a day. And if as he suspected this had been going on
  for about three to four months, then those Bitches would have had him for over &pound;12,000.maybe
  much more  
His hand automatically went to the telephone to call the police and have
  them arrested, then he paused for a second and thought.  
It might be a good idea to ask why they had done it, and if they had any
  explanation.  
He doubted if he would get a satisfactory answer, but with the Employment
  laws as they were, it was worthwhile spending a little time quizzing them.  
He had employed both girls primarily for their good looks, lively personality
  and their sex appeal, after the girls had given up their clothes stall on the
  market.  
Both were extremely attractive, and knew it. Cheekily using their good looks
  to get extra business.  
He employed this natural talent in his betting shop knowing that a pretty
  face, firm tits and a nice bum all helped the punters wager a little more money  
Looking at the monitors, he could see that the girls were working hard. While
  he waited for them to finish with a couple of customers, he again looked at
  the video.  
The video showed quite clearly Zoe stamping blank betting slips with a time
  and then passing them to Kelly.  
A little later Kelly was shown passing it to a punter, her friend, Katrina
  who filled it in with the name of a horse that had just won the last race.
  The video then showed her passing it back to Zoe who slipped it back into the
  pile of winning betting slips.  
That bet alone cost him &pound;125.  
During the day, the damning video showed her do these four or five times.  
Each time the same female Asian took a time stamped, but blank, betting slip
  from Kelly, who passed it to Katrina, after filling, it in for the race that
  had just finished she passed it back to Zoe who slipped it into the ones she
  would pay out  
A little later on through the video, he watched Zoe inaccurately calculate
  the winning odds on several large bets, craftily pocketing the difference after
  she had paid out the punter.  
That he wasn't interested in, it wasn't stealing from him and the punter
  should have been more aware of the amount of money he had won. But all in all,
  it meant that Zoe and Kelly were definitely thieving  
It looked as Zoe was the main conspirator, with Kelly doing as she was told,
  and they using the services of their female Asian friend to make it all work  
Not that the Asian mattered, he would just ban her from the shop. And a word
  in her father's ear would bring shame on all the family and she would be kicked
  out, that would be enough devastating punishment.  
But Zoe and Kelly were different. They were trusted employees and he was
  going to report both girls to the police  
Pity he was going to have to sack them they are extremely good looking bit
  of skirt even if they were bit stand-offish.  
Kelly had a lovely smackable arse and Zoe had a magnificent pair of spherical,
  firm, Titties on a lovely slim body and long legs that gave promise of first-class
  shag between them.  
Several times, he had tried to engage them in light sexual orientated banter
  but while they were friendly, they had cut him dead every time he said anything
  with a slight sexual connotation  
When he had accidentally on purpose touched the very attractive and cuddly
  Zoe's bottom, she almost turned round and slapped his face. Never mind you
  can't have everything.  
Seeing the two girls had finished with their customers he called them into
  the office and closed the door.  
Getting them to sit down at the desk, he said very little, just switching
  on the video and making them watch it.  
The atmosphere in the office went very tense, as the girls watched the damning
  tape of their betrayal of trust  
Switching off the video after a couple of apprehensive minutes. He just said
  I am disappointed in you and unless you have anything to say, I'm going to
  call the police and have you arrested .I hope you know a good solicitor, as
  I am sure this deserves going to go prison. I hope it was worth it.  
Both Zoe and Kelly looked stunned. They had no idea he had recently installed
  the CCTV, and would have been much more wary if they had known.  
Suddenly Zoe burst into tears, Please, Please. Don't call the police; there
  must be some way we can sort this out you.  
Andy snorted and said. Unless you can come up with the &pound;12,000, I reckon
  you' owe me. I don't see what else you can do.  
Kelly also was extremely distressed, and tried to make amends by saying.
  Look, I can get &pound;4,000 by tonight, if Zoe could get some. Would that
  stop you calling the police?  
Zoe answered tearfully. But I don't have that sort of money. I have just
  come back from a Holiday in the West Indies, and I'm skint and broke.  
Kelly looked at her panicking. Surely, you can raise some money from somewhere,
  I don't want to be locked up, but I can't find any more, then looked desperately
  at Andy. Look both of us will work for nothing for the next three months and
  try and repay this money back. Please don't call the police.  
Sorry ladies I want my money by the end of the week, or I shall get great
  satisfaction in seeing you taken down to the police station to be charged with
  theft and deception. Both Kelly and Zoe started to beg and plead.  
They must be something we can do to earn enough to pay you back and stop
  you going to the police. Both girls knew Andy had many interests besides running
  this betting shop.  
They had seen Andy's many attractive girlfriends who boasted about how much
  money they had just earn't. Both of them also knew that working in an office
  did not learn that sort of money.  
Well there are things you could do besides the shop. However, don't really
  think they would be to your liking, unless you fancy working as a Hostess in
  one of my massage parlours. For that, you have to do sex about 6 times a day
  as well as suck a guy's cock or bring him off with your beautifully manicured
  hands.  
However, even then you're not going to earn more than &pound;1,000 a week
  there. And you need &pound;6,000 each by Fri. Not a chance  
It would have to be something a lot stronger like say, Hard core sex videos
  and I don't think either of you really have got the attitude of mind to do
  that sort of work.  
Zoe and Kelly again both looked stunned, they knew he was into some dodgy
  things like massage parlours and sex magazine shops. However, hardcore porn
  videos they didn't know about.  
Zoe protested. Is that the only way you think we can earn money? Doing Porn.
  Who do you think we are?  
Kelly was a little more realistic, having been around a little longer. She
  had several things in her past that she would rather other people did not know
  about.  
She tried to calm the situation. Look Zoe, we need money desperately and
  said to Andy. if we agreed to do a couple of those, would you take that in
  lieu of the money? As I said I have money in a bank so, you can only be looking
  for about &pound;8,000. That's &pound;4,000 each  
By the end of the week added Andy.  
Couldn't you give us more time than that pleaded Kelly?  
No, because I feel you don't have that sort of money and the only way you
  can earn $1000 a day is by robbing a bank or from videos. Heavy ones.  
If I leave it too long, the police will wonder why I let you carry on working
  here when I knew you were dishonest. It will make it very difficult to get
  the decent length of sentence you deserve as trusted employees  
Nevertheless, his mind was working overtime on this change of events, never
  one a miss a chance; this was beginning to turn interesting.  
Nevertheless persevered Kelly, If we did, say one video in the next three
  of four days, then we could pay you back and all would be forgotten.  
Zoe let out a screech. What are you doing Kelly. I'm not doing any Porn videos
  for this perverted bastard.  
I'm not suggesting you do said Andy.  
A good spell in prison thinking about what you have done, and I suspect the
  three-year sentence, you deserve would suit me fine.  
Three years! Both the girls cried.  
Yes! That's about right, I'm sure my lawyer's can make a case for somewhere &pound;25,000 &pound;30,000,
  taking in your nice little earner from changing the odds and ripping off the
  stupid punter, Zoe.  
Oh God' you know about that as well said Zoe, her voice sinking in despair.
  That also is on the video, a bit later on, but it shows you ripping of a lot
  of clients answered Andy  
Andy then said to them. Well! Where are we girls?  
I'd brought you in here to tell you were going to be arrested, and now both
  of you have pleaded for some work to let you off.  
The only work I know which will pay you enough will be hard-core porn, but
  don't think it will only be one.  
At the going rate, to play off &pound;8,000 in the time necessary you are
  going to have to do about 10. And even that will be a struggle for little Whores
  like you.  
His language had got stronger as he realised that possibly he was going to
  have a little bit of fun with these young ladies, and that fun started now
  with humiliating them with a little dirty talk.  
TEN! Both of them screeched in unison. You dirty little Bastard, added Zoe
  I'm not doing that much sex for you or anybody she spluttered  
If you don't then its prison retorted Andy .I don't know what you think we
  are paying girls to open their legs on video for other guy's people to watch,
  but &pound;400 for a one-hour video is the going rate. It's a very competitive
  market out there  
Slightly more if they agree to a three-way sex session. That's taking one
  guy in the mouth while, another guy shoves his Dick, up the girl's arse, while
  she's take pleasure in being rammed in the cunt.  
Both Zoe and Kelly looked stunned at this graphic description. But Zoe went
  a little sick and green.  
Andy continued. However, for some types of heavy sexual bondage videos, we
  will go up as high as &pound;3,000-&pound; 4000, but they will be a little
  strong for you to do, as they can get quite heavy. But this is the only way
  you can get that sort of money by Fri. Ten straight porn video or a couple
  of S&amp;M.  
Kelly just said No Way!  
Kelly was a little more realistic. If we had to do a couple of those, what
  would we expected to do. I've seen some S&amp;M videos I know we will be tied
  up, have sex and be given a hiding but how often and how hard  
Forget it answered Andy, There is no way you would handle videos like that,
  even some experienced S&amp;M girls have problem  
That is unless you happen to fancy doing a Kow-Tow on the floor, after having
  had your bottom soundly whipped and, enjoying several guys screwing the arse
  off you.  
Then being tied and bound and having your pussy tickled with the business
  end of a whip before getting a dildo up your arse. I don't think you would
  be able to handle it. So, forget the money and lets go back to plan A and call
  the police for several years banged up in Holloway.  
No wait said a desperate Kelly.  
Again, Zoe Slater panicked. What are you doing Kelly, I might have done a
  couple of straight sex videos, but I'm on the not into anything kinky. Like
  taking on three guys all at once and I'm definitely not into letting some Bitch
  Whip my butt.  
Then go to prison you Silly Bitch, no matter what I'm willing to do nearly
  anything. She looked beguiling at Andy. If I was able to repay my part, will
  you withdraw the charges against me? She can go to prison, if that's what she
  wants.  
Zoe was distraught. You turncoat I thought we were in this together.  
We are, spat back Kelly. But do you realise what it is like in prison. Their
  now locking people up in a cell 23, out of 24 hours?  
How would you like to be locked in a small room dependent on someone to let
  you out to the toilet, get you food and tell you exactly what you had to eat?
  It is not something I am going to allow if I can help it no matter what I have
  to do.  
The Zoe went quite pale and started sobbing. But there must be something
  else we can do.  
Kerry again looked at her exasperated. Look, both of us are in for a hard
  time. Definitely in prison, or in some sordid little studio at doing the videos.
  But the videos will soon be over. Andy has given us a way out, I don't like
  it any more than you do, but you would be a very silly cow to turn it down.
  But don't expect me to come and see you in prison.  
Then turning to Andy, what would these videos are actually entail.  
I'm not really sure; he smiled a sickly smile at them. It all depends what
  I have got orders for let me think, knowing exactly what he could sell.  
Don't think you would handle more than one of the strong stuff. However,
  I have got to do a couple of unusually different straight videos, that you
  might be able to handle, that I could possibly get you into. However, it would
  have to be at least one heavy bondage/sex movie, and that won't be pleasant
  I can tell you. but, I could possibly get you into possibly into a lighter
  one but it will last all day.  
Let me make a few telephone calls and I'll see what I can do. Get yourself
  a cup of tea and come back in about 15 minutes. But consider yourselves suspended,
  as from now. If you do the videos it will be in your own time, not mine.  
Get out of my sight before I decide to call the police and close the door
  on the way out.  
When the girls had gone he stopped and thought. Don't push the girls too
  much otherwise, he could end up being the one going to prison. Later, he could
  push them, when he had some interesting photos of them taking part in nicely
  debauched and obscene things on tape.  
He was going to enjoy the next two of three days and the young ladies were
  going to definitely pay dearly for their dishonesty. With a bit of luck he
  was going to get his own back for all the rejection, he had from these Snotty
  Young Bitches.  
He was going to be interested to see what they said when they came back from
  the tea room, as he was absolutely sure they would be having a heated discussion
  over the coffee table.  
Calling Kelly and Zoe back to the office, he put his proposition on the table.  
I am formally telling you that I am going to report you to the police and
  have you arrested unless by Friday you can repay in full the &pound;12,000
  you stole from my company.  
I have written up a confession if would like to sign it, then I can possibly
  arrange for you to do extra work to repay that money, and pushed in front of
  them the typewritten sheets for them to sign.  
Kelly and Zoe quickly looked down them and saw that they were being asked
  to admit they had stolen the money and had agreed repay the money in four days,
  if Andy held off reporting them to the police. And that their accomplice had
  been a friend, Katrina who filled in the false betting slips  
Both of them hesitantly and very reluctantly signed one after the other.  
Looking at both girls as they sat very quietly, shoulders hunched , faces
  looking at the floor. He said I had been able at very short notice to get you
  into three videos,  
I thought it suitable that we gave them names. The first will be called Remorse,
  the second I have called Pay back to Society, and the third I have simply called
  Punishment after the modern thinking about what criminal sentencing is all
  about.  
Kelly looked up a little annoyed. Look you Bastard, cut this sarcasm let's
  get on with what with what we are going to have to do.  
I have a little difficulty with that as I have absolutely no idea how good
  you will be at that sort of thing retorted Andy.  
Normally a girl isn't paid until after the video is over and we withhold
  money if she doesn't do a satisfactorily good job.  
In your case, I have nothing to hold over you, as neither of you will actually
  be paid.  
However, I don't see that as a problem. Have either of you ever had your
  bottoms smacked? He asked with a smirk.  
Zoe looked up startle, and Andy looked her straight in the eye. That's what
  I proposing I should do to both of you if I don't get satisfactory performances.
  I need a guarantee that I will get my moneys worth. To that end, I intend to
  spank both of you, hard and you will do the scene again, hopefully the spanking
  will urge you on  
Otherwise, I pay out good money to arrange everything for the shoot, and
  get a rubbish video. And as you haven't earn't any actual money to withhold,
  there is no way I could get my money back. You will go to prison, but I will
  have paid out extra good money for nothing  
A good solution would be to give you an Adult type spanking and make you
  do the scene again and again until you get it right. That's what you have to
  agree to if this is to go any further. If not it's the police now.  
Both Zoe and Kelly looked unwell, and frightened, but kept their silence.
  Kelly wondering what was the difference between a spanking and an Adult spanking
  but was afraid to ask.  
This confirmed to Andy that if it came to it they would accept most things,
  and that if pushed do almost anything to get out of prison which was just what
  he was hoping.  
He had a strong kinky weakness in making girls touch their toes, ready to
  have their bottoms soundly chastised.  
Which was why he occasionally used to pay a Submissive Tart to take a spanking,
  and caning to satisfy his urges.  
He occasionally, doing what he did, sometimes managed to meet a unfortunate
  girl who had absolutely no interest in erotically induced pain but desperately
  needed a favour, be it drugs or money and making them excitingly, pay off the
  debt with tears. Now he had Kelly and Zoe. With two girls in his power, he
  certainly wasn't going to miss the opportunity of inducing a lot of excruciating
  pain into their delectable backsides.  
With a bit of luck , both girls would not only sleep on their backs for some
  time due to just having had a stick across their bottoms but he would give
  them a good Rogering into the bargain. As well as the delight of transferring
  them to someone else to abuse while he watched  
He knew he would have to be a little careful at first. But at sometime both
  these sexy but stand-offish little bits of skirt, were going to get a genuine
  agonising Punishment caning, direct from the Victorian Work Houses that he
  had read about.  
Zoe looked confused so Andy spelt it out  
Normally the girls doing the videos are only are paid if they put on a convincing
  performance. In your cases, if you don't behave and perform convincingly then
  I reserve the right to give your bottom a good hiding for wasting my time.  
Then we will see if that helps you on the retake. If you still don't look
  convincing then you will get another hiding, up to three for the same offence
  before I continue with my intention to report you to the police and you can
  spend the next 2-3 years rehearsing in your jail cell.  
That why all the videos, the Remorse, the Pay back and the Punishment, will
  all take place before Friday. The piece of paper you had just signed will explain
  why I hadn't reported you before, and of course, he's slyly added ,mean that
  you will now definitely be convicted  
But that's not fair begged Kelly. We could do all the videos and you could
  still report us.  
Yes, I could, but trust me! Once you have earn't back the money you stole
  then as far as I am concerned it's all over. I have got my money returned.
  You will have suffered quite considerably and I will have had a little bit
  of fun, so what have I got to gain by having you banged away.  
However, if I still have to report you because you are not suitable for the
  videos I have selected. Then you will still have to come out of prison-convicted
  thieves and face the community that you stole from and some people can be viciously
  vindictive.  
Well what do you want to do? asked Andy.  
One way or the other as Kelly said, both of you are going to have a hard
  time. It can either last 3 days doing hard porno videos or three years of total
  misery banged up in an eight by four cell.  
If you go for the three years then prepare yourself to be escorted out of
  here in handcuffs with everybody knowing why you have been arrested and why  
If you repay the money via the videos then no one will be any the wiser and
  after a week even the soreness will be over.  
Not quite thought Andy. If I get my way, both of you will still be unable
  to sit at all at least for two weeks, and uncomfortable for a month and be
  extremely sore between the legs from gross over indulgence for just as long.
  With the added possibility, that one, both of you will give birth to a brat
  or two on the 9 months anniversary of your punishment  
Look! Implored Zoe. If and it's a big if, we do theses videos for you, do
  you promise that it will all over in three days.  
Yes replied Andy and if you want to a change your mind even in the middle
  of a video, then you can do the prison thing.  
But that means we could get do say two and pullout the halfway through the
  third, and still go to prison.  
Correct! Explained Andy, it would serve you right. I will have a half finished
  video that I can't sell and be short of $2000 expenses It's a chance you'll
  have to take, I'm all for sending you to prison. You're the one who wants to
  do the videos.  
What are we expected to do in these video, whined Zoe. Not liking it at all,
  the "Suffered Considerably" statement she heard Andy say  
Well-replied. Andy if you still want to do them I am going to have to give
  you an audition.  
If you don't like what you have to do then you can refuse, or if I don't
  think, you can handle it enough to make a good video. Then I will just phone
  the police tonight and you can then do another audition overnight about suffering
  in a police cell and see if you like that. Then you can see whether you want
  that or the videos  
However, one thing if you take that route, you will not be able to remove
  will be the shame and the disgust at of everybody knowing you have been arrested
  for theft.  
Remember if you back out now then later want to do the videos after an overnight
  spell in the nick. , I warn you I will add two more hard punishment video for
  pissing me about, and the lose of face I will have to suffer if I withdraw
  charges.  
Ok we'll do the videos bleated Zoe thinking of the Horror and shame of being
  locked up in a prison for three years and burst into tears  
Kelly was a little more mature asking when he wanted to do the audition  
Right now replied Andy. Go into the toilet and smarten yourself up then meet
  me in the back studio  
What are you going to do whined Zoe?  
What do you think? You have asked to be paid for doing hard-core porno movies?
  I am going to see if you act well enough, and convincing enough them, so as
  to convince all watching punters. The only reason for them buying the video
  will be to watch you being shagged, and then Wank themselves off.  
When I am sure that you can handle being laid on your back and your cunt
  reamed out in front of several people. Only then will I arrange for scripts,
  cameramen and cameramen. It will be sexy, obscene and as one of the videos
  will be an S&amp;M. in the audition, I am going to see if you can take having
  your bottoms slapped. Seeing their horrified faces, he lessened the shock a
  little, by saying  
However, don't worry this is only an audition so you wont need contraceptives,
  and but added in his own mind. And when you do the three video, you won't be
  allowed them  
No cried Zoe. I cannot do a audition now.  
OK then said Andy picking up the phone. Lets do the jail cell thing first.
  Within 1 hour, you will be banged up eating police cell food while I watch
  the television.  
Please No pleaded Zoe and Kelly together  
Don't mess me about. You were looking for a way out , not me so I hope you
  enjoy yourself in the nick  
Oh God! Pleaded Zoe. just give me time to get used to the idea.  
No! Do the Audition now or I wipe my hands of you and call the police retorted
  Andy.  
Kelly pulled the distressed Zoe to her feet and promised that she would sort
  her out and they would be in the studio in 30 minutes.  
Make that 15 min, as I am not waiting around demanded Andy  
Be a minute late and you will be going to jail, as you deserve.  
With that, he walked out and left the sobbing Zoe and the determined Kelly
  to talk themselves into the mood to be turned, not only into Hard-Core Porn
  Artiste but worse unpaid Whores.  
Andy knew for Zoe this would be hard. She was a sensitive girl, and she would
  find it hard to open her legs and copulate with a stranger in front of her
  friend and the cameraman and act as if she were a professional Whore.  
However, prison would be even harder; her tender full body would be like
  honey to the Dykes. And as it was usual, these days to put at least two girls
  together in a cell, and often leave them locked together in for 23 out of 24
  hours, if the Zoe was unlucky to be in with a determined Dyke. then very soon
  she would be doing a hard-core video for three years, but her misery would
  not be recorded on video just in her mind  
Kelly on the other hand was tougher. It was rumoured that she spent some
  of her time in Greece as a holiday rep and supplemented her earning by taking
  money to allowing herself to be fucked. She would most probably have the attitude
  of mind to be able to act convincingly in straight sex. However, what he had
  in mind was not straight sex.  
 But for both of them, by the time they had done these videos, both of them
  would have been totally degraded and humiliated and neither of them will be
  able to cope with that.  
The studio that he had in the back of his betting shop was really just one
  way of using up spare at storage space from when the premises had been a grocer's
  shop.  
It had been split into four small sets, a bedroom set, essential in all studios;
  the living room set in one side of the room. The other side of the room again
  contained the usual boardroom, but instead of having a office, as the Fourth
  set. He had split the space so it contained a small schoolroom and a Dungeon,
  complete with a couple of torture devices, and in one corner a small triangular
  prison cell.  
From the centre, six video cameras, were trained on the various sets, he
  set them all to point into the dungeon and making sure they weren't showing
  any on lights, set them running  
As he sat in the studio waiting for the two confessed thieves to Tart themselves,
  up. His mind went lusting back to Zoe's gorgeous trembling red painted lips.  
Soon he mused. Those red painted lips will be firmly wrapped around his cock
  invigorating it. Having the effect of drawing hot salty spunk from my balls
  into her sexy soft mouth and down her slim throat.  
No Ladies you wont need contraceptives but I am going to empty my cum deep
  inside your guts.  
And thoughts about Kelly tight little bum came to mind. Giving that young
  firm bottom a good hiding would be very satisfying. He wondered if she would
  cry or take it tight lipped but she would certainly yelp loudly and loathe
  the pain and humiliation.  
Kelly because she would possibly able to handle cock sucking due to her time
  being a Whore, was not only going to get a good hiding.  
She was going to have to endure having his cock pushed up her tight, pert
  slim arse in an orchestrated Buggering  
Right on, the dot of 15 min. Zoe and Kelly arrived for their audition. Zoe
  was tight lipped and anxious, Kelly looked resigned and grim.  
Sit down ladies and I will explain what the videos will be about and what
  the audition will consist of.  
Kelly looked up at the static cameras and asked. Are those on? If so, I want
  them off. I don't want any pictures of this audition being taken; we may still
  decide that we can borrow the money from someone.  
No lied Andy everything is dead. Ok replied Kelly just checking  
Right where was I? Yes the videos.  
I have several to do but as I said the Straight Hardcore Porno ones will
  not earn you enough money, not in the pay back time you need to stop you going
  to prison.  
So its one straight sex video with you agreeing to be shagged on camera.
  One Group sex. That sex with several guys in various positions. And one long
  S&amp;M with you as sex slaves. That having your bottoms slapped being tied
  so you have to accept sex, in your mouth, between the legs and up your backside.  
Do you accept that or should I call the police now  
Both girls looked horrified but said Yes Right sign this release form  
Both girls hurriedly scribbled their signature, not daring to read it in
  case it was too horrendous  
The first of the three I have chosen are a two girls one guy. In this a guy
  played, by me he smirked, engages the services of two call girls, you, to give
  him a good time. He explained now he had their signatures in the bag. Not that
  it would stand up in court but the girls did not know this.  
Your going to be in it Cried Zoe. Yes, young lady and you are going to get
  my cock right between those gorgeous long legs of yours as a treat well as
  well as allowing me a good feel of those magnificent Tits of yours. And you
  Kelly can look forward to having it up your back passage as well as other places.  
The girls looked horrified. Both had been hoping for nice young studs. But
  knew they had to continue and do the videos  
It will be hard work, as both of you, will be working all the time. Either
  being shafted or massaging or caressing my body while I shove' my Dick into
  some orifice of your friend.  
Both of you will get cock in your mouth. In your vagina and up your back
  passage, several times in the course of the one hour video. Plus several other
  rude things, the punters will expect me to do to both of you.  
Deliberately skipping over the point that he wanted to see how Zoe would
  handle being made love to by her bisexual best friend. She would be sickened
  by the thought, but still have to do it.  
His mind slipped off at a tangent as he imagined the horror and disgust the
  definitely straight Zoe would feel in just being made to kiss and cuddle her
  bisexual friend. He couldn't imagine how she would cope having her bisexual
  friend sucking her pussy. It will be interesting to see.  
The second will be a Gangbang video where you will service eight guys.  
Eight shrieked Zoe. That's only four each, half a day's work for a Whore
  answered Andy and some of our better girls have done 12.  
Again, you will be take it in your mouth, between your legs in your cunt
  and up your arse. However, this time there will be no time structure and will
  finish the video filming only when all the punters are slatted. It is liable
  to last 3-4 hours. However, there will be breaks for tea and food.  
The last one will be an S&amp;M, and mainly concentrating on abusing your
  erotic areas and your sex organs and having your bottom attended to painfully
  by several different types of corporal punishment devices. However, you will
  be expected to punish male s However, At the end of this video, I intend to
  bend you over and subject your bare backside to a Punishment type caning, restraining
  you if necessary. That will be my personal satisfaction at your despicable
  conduct as trusted cashiers in my betting shop. You will find it painful, but
  possibly cleansing said Andy lying through his teeth but then it will all be
  finished  
For the main part of the last video, you will be slaves controlled by a Mistress.
  She will make you service clients, you could be bound and tied and the client
  will take advantage of your inability to protest effectively and use you to
  relieve himself of sexual pressure in his balls.  
A lot of submissive are made to feel extremely randy and frustrated, and
  then not allowed to relieve themselves, this is part of their punishment. Your
  task when their punishment is over will be to relieve that frustration. If
  the guy can vent his sexual aggression on a captive female it is much more
  satisfying for him, just a little hard on the poor girl who is receiving the
  pent up sexual frustration and of course his cum.  
If you don't comply satisfactorily then he will be allowed to chastise you.
  Under the supervision, of course, of your mistress for safety. This will be
  a fly on the wall type of video and you will be working in the S&amp;M house
  from about 10 o'clock in the morning to about 10 or 11 at night. A long day.  
What if we want to pull out Kelly said  
If you look at the release form you have just signed. Only if you are badly
  distressed, will you be allowed to pull out, and then only after you have been
  beaten soundly to make you finish the task you have been set. In other words,
  I reserve the right to thrash you until I get the result I need, even if I
  have to have you restrained while I do it  
However, remember after it is all over, I will personally destroyed the videos
  of you stealing in front of you, and you can have your confessions back.  
Andy was enjoying himself. He had two young females who were known to be
  fully sexually active, being forced to against their natural inclinations to
  do something, which they normally would call unnatural, vile, and perverted.
  However, he knew their natural curiosity into forbidden territory would be
  also exciting them. In addition, that would be their downfall  
Both of these girls were not shrinking violets. Zoe had stupidly put herself
  in a position where she was she had been imprisoned in a brothel, made to strip
  and show her assets to a female pimp. Then told she was going to entertain
  clients for money. She was very lucky she was not right now, lying on her back
  being screwed every half an hour, fucked senseless in a Cheap Brothel. Only
  Kelly's determination had saved her  
Kelly on the other hand had actually consciously allowed herself to be a
  Shag-Bag at least three or four times a week, by opening her legs to anybody
  that fancied her, as long as he could pay for it  
Moreover, he knew that theses types of girl always had a strong interest
  in the forbidden, and he enjoyed talking dirty to them. Knowing that in one
  mind, they would be titillated but the other part of their mind would be feeling
  revulsion and perverted. For even listening to a man suggesting that they did
  this sort of disgusting work.  
He continued his graphic description of what the girls were expected to do  
The main video will consist of bondage, chains, and suspension and will be
  mildly harsh. Painful and very uncomfortable as the mistress I will be using
  I know loves to use a leather paddle and a Whip on her slaves naked bottom
  and Tits to spur then on to greater things.  
But he reminded them not so painful and disturbing as having your face slashed
  with a razor in prison for not doing as you are told or just making some other
  older slag jealous.  
How would you like it Zoe, deliberately staring and leering at her full tits.  
Being pinned against the wall by three strong inmates, holding you firmly
  and stopping you struggling. While a Fourth smirking girl, sniggers as she
  poured thoughtfully prepared sugared boiling water deliberately down the front
  of your dress, soaking your bra. Knowing and relishing the thought, that this
  would soak up the scalding water. Holding it to do its destructive work on
  those lovely Prime assets.  
The sugar being deliberately added to the water to make it hold more heat.
  With the foreknowledge that it would also allow the scalding water to stick
  to your full cuddly breasts. Making doubly sure that it brings about severe
  scalding to those plump assets, causing the skin of your breasts to bubble
  and blister. Rendering you scared for life. Most probably also causing you
  to suffer the loss of those beautiful nipples.  
He paused for effect while watching Zoe's face, which was growing quite terrified
  and concerned at his description of what possibly, could happen to her if she
  was sent to a prison  
Believe me, he added piling on the agony. It often happens to young girls
  in prison like you who are pretty, attractive, vivacious and definitely worth
  bedding.  
If you upset some Dyke in prison. Many a pretty girl has wound up bitterly
  regretting that they had not been cuddlier to someone. And not necessarily
  the Head Dyke, just her cellmate  
However, whether you do any of these three videos will be up to the way I
  feel about you after the Audition.  
If you don't convince me that you can handle hard-core porn videos then the
  option of earning your way out of a 3-year prison sentence is off  
Andy looked at the girls who looked quite sick. You don't have to do this
  he said. . I am not forcing anybody.  
However, if you don't, tonight you will be spending the night in a police
  cell with everybody knowing you are cheap nasty thief and not to be trusted.
  It's up to you  
OK replied Kelly after a second's deliberation and looking very scared and
  doubtful. Let's get on with the Audition.  
Zoe looked pale and white but said nothing  
What do you want us to do?  
You will do nothing but co-operate. First, I will get to know you better,
  and then we will see how you handle being used and screwed without any real
  emotion. Then it's going to be time to see how you handle being a bit more
  sexually intimate.  
What do you mean? Said Zoe looking pale  
Look Girl just shut up and do as you are told. I told you, you wouldn't
    have to worry about contraceptives. Don't worry I'm not going to shag either
    of you. That will be for later tonight. If I think, you're deserving enough. 
  Then tonight young lady, I am going to enjoy giving you one, right up your
  sexy deserving little cunt, and will thoroughly enjoy squirting my come up
  inside you.   
Zoe burst into tears, and called him a horrible dirty old man Andy laughed
  and then turned grimly businesslike  
It might be a good time for you to inspect the props, both of you.  
With that, that he firmly grabbed Zoe's arm and handcuffed her hands behind
  her back. .  
The bemused Zoe allowed it to happen, but was still surprised when she found
  that her arms were securely pinned behind her back.  
Andy smiled, as she wrestled her arms in frustration, and to emphasise she
  was now captive, he reached out and put both hands on her tits and had a good
  feel.  
Zoe's reaction was to twist away, indignant. A usually instinctive reaction
  would be to slapped his face but as she suddenly realised that she did not
  have use of her hands, her face showing panic, and she suddenly felt very vulnerable  
Kelly was soon in a similar state, hands bound behind her back and Andy took
  advantage and enjoying himself slapped her cute little bottom, hard making
  the captive relapsed Whore yelp. Before sticking, his hand under her very short
  skirt through her legs from behind her and groping her pussy. She jerked forwards
  in an automatic reaction, and stumbled towards the bed set.  
Andy laughed. Turned her around and pointed her towards the dungeon. Saying
  don't be so Randy, later it will be time to get your knickers off  
Leading them into the dungeon, he opened the small triangular cell and pushed
  them inside.  
The door was solid metal with a tiny mesh window, black, hot, musty, and
  very claustrophobic. With just a couple of hard wooden benches to sit on.  
Zoe protested and bulked at the door and had to be firmly pushed in. Andy
  slapped her bottom and felt his hand sink into her soft cheeks so she yelped
  forward as she was spanked inside.  
Kelly walked in a little more dignified but her walk was a little stilted
  as Andy had pulled her knickers down so they hung halfway down her bottom  
Zoe pleaded when he shut the door leaving her inside the dark with Kelly
  taking up some of the air.  
Andy walked away from the girls and left them pleading to be let out, he
  knew within minutes, being not much more than a Broom cupboard it would get,
  hot claustrophobic, and start to close in on them.  
The small size giving the girls an experience similar to being locked up
  in a police cell for a night. All in 30 minutes. Therefore, he left them to
  get panicky for that amount of time. When he, without warning, opened the door
  and ordered the now weeping, Zoe out, she had never been gladder to see someone.
  Kelly also feeling distressed, but he pushed her back in and slammed the door
  on her. Serves the Bitch right. Let her suffer.  
Right Young lady, said Andy, taking her over to the bedroom set and sat her
  on the bed her hand still handcuffed behind her back. Lets see how you handle
  a little kissing, cuddling, and heavy petting  
Zoe looked frigid and pale and said she felt sick in her stomach, she definitely
  looked it  
She moved very warily and flinched when he put his arm around her. Her eyes
  flittering from side to side as she looked at the floor. Come on girl If you
  can't take this, someone sticking his Dick into you is going to send you crazy,
  relax or go back in that cell till the police come.  
With that, he lent forward and forced the issue by kissing her full and passionately
  on the mouth. Andy knew this would give her more trouble possibly than being
  fucked.  
Most prostitutes would never kiss, as this was far too intense and personal,
  preferring just turning their mind off and opening their legs.  
This was not what Andy wanted, he wanted to get into the girls heads as well
  as their knickers. With that, he stuck his tongue into the reluctant Zoe's
  mouth, put his hand on her plump left breast, and squeezed, rubbing it suggestively.  
Zoe froze, her hands desperately moving in their cuffs trying to get the
  use of her hands. Then after a second as she felt Andy pushing more and more
  tongue down her throat, relaxed in despair as she realised it was this or the
  claustrophobic cell.  
Feeling her capitulate, he again up the action by moving his hands off the
  outside of her top, inside Zoe's shirt top and slipped his hand inside her
  Bra. Her tits were warm, soft and malleable and felt great under his touch  
As he carried on fucking her mouth with his tongue, the other hand found
  its way to her crutch and casually, energetically, rubbed her cunt through
  her jeans.  
Zoe's mind was a complete mess as she tried to force her instinct to accept
  what was going to happen to her sexually if she did not make a protest. She
  lay inert in Andy's arms, while he sexually stimulated her  
As Andy teased and stroked the young lady body, he knew she was going to
  get the full treatment and be hot and bothered within 10 minutes.  
Laying the young thief down slowly on the bed, he then removed his mouth
  from hers and unlocked the cuffs. Zoe lay dazed on the bed with Andy looking
  down at her crutch as his hands moved down to the zip. And quickly without
  fuss unzipped her Jean zipper, pulling wide open the crotch of her jeans, so
  he could see her yellow Coloureds knickers.  
As his hand slid inside her jeans but onto her panties, he reinforced the
  message by kissing her again. Zoe suddenly went stiff as revulsion again overtook
  her, but Andy ignored it waiting for her to accept the inevitable  
Five second later his hands were fumbling their way onto her crutch and between
  her legs, as his tongue again shot penis like into the back of her mouth.  
Zoe wiggled and squirmed beneath his grip, then suddenly relaxed and started
  to pant.  
Releasing the teenage thief slightly he moved her hand so it rested on his
  crutch and made her stroke his trouser covered penis.  
However, not for long, he whispered in her ear to unzip him and get it out.
  His own hand still stroking her pussy. Quickly he slid to the edge and slid
  under her panties. His hand cupped her Venus mound, and Zoe let out a sigh
  and moaned as she felt his warm hand on her sex.  
While he was telling Zoe to expose his penis, his fingers had found her cunt
  and gently slipped inside, a now, slightly damp cunt.  
He felt her hesitate, unsure, knowing that once she obeyed his order the
  act of exposing his penis, then she was entering into a emotional commitment
  which most certainly would end with her getting a creamed cunt.  
Not realising how hot and bothered she was. She accepted that emotional commitment
  by unzipping his flies and removed his large fat dick. Stroke it he muttered
  in her ear and thrust his fingers firmly but sexually into Zoe's cunt, then
  withdrew slightly and fingered her clit.  
Zoe gasped then pulled out his Dick from his trousers, which was a little
  difficult as he was now semi-erect, she was soaking wet and panting. Andy paused
  the action, sat up, and dragged her trousers down to her ankles uncovering
  have long slim legs, her yellow panties soon followed.  
She had a light covering of dark hair over her pubic region, which contrasted
  nicely with her Lily-white thighs, her belly was flat, and her long slim legs
  made her exceedingly fuckable  
Stretching her inner thighs Andy opened her legs. Moving her slightly so
  the watching cameras could get a good shot between her legs, at her now wet
  cunt as she lay passionately kissing and stroking his body, while he screwed
  her with his finger. Making her stroke and play with his Dick, Andy concentrated
  in getting Zoe close to an orgasm.  
The teenage temptress had been tense, frightened and scared. He had turned
  this into a hot panting heat in less than 10 minutes.  
Completely, opening her top while still stimulating her between the legs,
  he started kissing and sucking on her now totally exposed Tits. She had soft
  pliable Tits and he felt them move beneath his fingers as he manipulated his
  thumbs over her nipples  
Zoe behaved exactly as he thought she would. Like a Bitch Cur-dog on heat.  
He knew several customers of his betting-shop would pay quite a bit for sight
  of the, now being shot, videotapes. Sat morning they would be widely available  
As Zoe squirmed in sexual delight beneath him fondling his Dick in expectation
  of being fucked. Andy felt her start to tense as he reamed out her cunt with
  his fingers and stimulated her clit. She was so close to getting that forbidden
  orgasm  
Right young lady lets stop it there.  
He had no intention at all of giving this hot Slut a thorough screwing even
  if she was now begging for it.  
Very soon, he would be getting his sexual relief. This hot little Slut was
  going have to sit with a randy cunt and wait until it was time to come back
  and be rammed on camera in her first real video that night.  
Even though she would go off the boil, she would feel terribly frustrated
  until he felt it time to stick his Dick into her and make her climax. This
  unfortunately would not be for sometime. Do the Bitch good for the little Randy
  Cow to pant and suffer a little.  
Pulling Zoe her feet he told a puzzled, totally aroused Zoe to tidy herself
  up and get dressed and stood watching and moving away when she tried to cuddle
  and kiss him, and pouted disappointedly.  
Picking up the handcuffs, which he had placed on the bed, he pulled her hands
  behind her and secured her arms. To stop her playing with herself in the cell,
  where she was now going.  
To completely unbalanced her emotions, as he got her off the bed he fondled
  her cunt and kissed her passionately on the lips, which he knew would only
  increase the intense frustration felt  
Then pulling her to her feet and slapping her bottom with one hard slap,
  which again made jerk forward in pain, she pouted at him in disappointment.
  He propelled her back into the small cell pleading again, terrified of being
  locked up.  
Andy totally ignored her pleadings and opening the door and after telling
  Kelly to make her way to the bed, wickedly shoved, from the back, one hand
  through her legs, cupped her cunt then he lifted her off her feet by her crutch
  of her jeans and practically threw her into the cell  
Slamming the door on the panting sexually aroused girl, who stumbled in a
  heap on the floor. He left Zoe panic stricken at being confined again, looking
  out of the tiny grilled window.  
With Kelly, he was far pushier. With this now degenerate relapsed Whore,
  he unlocked the handcuffs, turned her around and instantly positively but passionately
  kissed her gently on the lips and placed his hand positively and deliberately
  on her left tit.  
Groping it in a sexually perverted way  
As with Zoe it was only a few seconds before his tongue found its way into
  her mouth. But this time his hand slid inside her Bra, her warm tit feeling
  soft and sexy  
This type of behaviour, Kelly's mind told her body, meant that she was his
  and she was now going to allow him to fertilise her with his baby.  
Though her mind did not interpret her instincts this way, a horrible feeling
  rippled her loins making her instinctively clench her thighs.  
Her instincts told her, that she did not want anything to do with this man,
  her intellect told her to spread her legs and let him shag her otherwise she
  would go to prison.  
Andy felt the internal struggle taking part in her head and took control.
  Running his hand round the her back he totally removed her Bra and then totally
  opened her top so that Kelly's neat perfectly formed ivory coloured mammary
  glands were fully on show to the watching camera.  
He then removed his lips from Kelly's face, and started to suck and kiss
  Kelly's pert firm nipples while rubbing his hand firmly over her cloth-covered
  cunt.  
Her nipples very quickly went hard showing that the former part-time
    Whore was being gently aroused against their owner's better judgement. She
    had more firmer Tits than Zoe. Just the type that the Woman, who was going
    to be her mistress in the S&amp;M video, was going to love to tweak with
    the painful end of her whip while she was being punished. 
  Zoe on the other had had soft pliable Tits. Tits that would sway delightfully
  as the whip played havoc with her nipples   
After about a minute of stimulating and caressing her breasts he sat up and
  pulled her jeans down over her ankles. Her pink frilly panties quickly followed
  leaving the cameras to take in the site of a pair of lily-white thighs and
  a Blond thatch of pubic hair.  
One of the other cameras also took in the sight of Zoe peering out of her
  tiny window looking slightly confused and uncertain. It also caught the a strange
  feeling, akin to jealousy in her face as she unreasonably felt abandoned as
  she observed her recent mate, now lusting after her friend while she sat randy
  and unfulfilled in a claustrophobic prison cell.  
Andy was quite pleased he had been so easily been able to strip the 23-year-old
  Slut totally naked. Even if the girls didn't do the videos and went to prison,
  he would make sure that all the local community got free photos of the Kelly
  practising her old profession.  
He knew that and the mortification of realising that everybody now knew she
  had again sold her cunt for use to anybody with a enough cash to purchase it,
  would a cause her intense embarrassment when she came out of prison.  
Completely removing all of Kelly's clothes he turned her on to her front
  and gently massaged the trim, slender buttocks that he adored and desperately
  wanted to spank and make clench with pain  
Putting that thought to one side for the moment, he made her get on to her
  knees on the bed, put one hand under her bottom raising it and the other on
  her neck and pushed her face down into the pillow. Andy knew this was an extremely
  submissive position. And an extremely sensual one for any girl to have to take
  up.  
Standing up and looking down at the girl, he put one hand on her bottom making
  her flinch and made her raise it, so it was pointing straight at the camera
  and then using both hands made her open her legs so that's all her private
  parts were exposed and totally available.  
He now had absolutely no interest in the girl's breast or face, once he had
  got her displaying her sexual organs. He only wanted to degrade the girl into
  letting him inspect and allow him to carry out a interesting gynaecological
  examination  
Stroking the girl's bottom gently and running his hands around the inner
  parts of her thighs, Andy noticed her cunt was dripping sexual lubricant. He
  then separated the girls arse cheeks and spitting on her bum to lubricate his
  finger, minutely inspected her anus.  
Kneading it with his finger, stretching it, testing it for elasticity, and
  pushing at it to check its firmness. He then moved down to her vagina.  
He first opened the inner lips and flicked his finger over her clitoris.
  Kelly gave a start, and then resumed her passive pose while he continued to
  degrade her main sexual orifice.  
Moving his position so he was behind her, he bent down and using two fingers,
  spread her inner lips so he could see the pink white now extremely wet lining
  that later on tonight would be sending a message to his balls to provide fertilising
  cum.  
All the time that he was carrying out his perverted inspection, Kelly had,
  except for the occasional flinch, had kept very still, her head pressed in
  the pillow. Like a good Whore should  
Standing behind her so as not to block the camera's view he then proceeded
  to ream his fingers in and out of the girl's vagina, until she started making
  Low-moaning sounds.  
Using his other hand, he carefully massaged the girl's clit arousing her
  increasingly.  
He continued with the camera recording every degrading second, until he saw
  the inner lining suddenly start to turn a bright pink, which meant she was
  seconds away from a climax. Again, Andy had other intentions for her.  
At this point again like Zoe, this now aroused slag called Kelly was going
  to have to suffer a horny cunt till she agreed to do the videos, or some hefty
  Dyke abused her in prison.  
However, not liking to miss an opportunity, he raised his hand and gently
  at first but getting heavier at each slap, spanked the girls exposed buttocks
  until she started to squirm, and protest. What better way to stop a orgasm  
This did not stop him. He pined the now struggling girl down by putting a
  hand around her neck and pressing her face hard into the pillow and continued
  to give her 15 more very stinging slaps before releasing her. Bloody hell you
  Bastard she said as she sat up. That Fucking Hurt!!  
Her eyes were red and watering, Andy's smiled knowing that this was only
  just a very mild chastisement. Which he would gradually increase through the
  videos, until she's was screaming and howling uncontrollably as he whipped
  her very delectable bottom agonizingly and viciously at the end of the third
  with a purpose made rattan cane  
Don't be silly replied Andy that was only a taste. Don't think having your
  bottom slapped on a video is easy. However, if you don't like, you know the
  real alternative.  
After I have had a piss, I am going to give both of you a proper taste of
  what a real video spanking is like, and you had better be able to handle it
  or the deals off.  
Get dressed and we will see just how much you are offended having your bottom
  painfully smacked compared with having to sit on it for several of years in
  jail  
With that, he left Kelly to get dressed and went to listen to the girls talk
  to each other in private.  
It started even before he had got to the video monitor desk. Zoe called from
  her prison cell, get me out of here I'm panicking. Sensibly, Kelly told her
  to stay and endure it.  
Zoe tried to calm her panic attack and said  
Jesus do we have to do this, I find the whole thing dirty, sordid and perverted.
  I'm not sure I can go through with this. It's not as if its with my boyfriend.  
Andy wants us to be a Gang banged by complete strangers. I'm not sure I can
  handle that; it will totally mess up my mind. Moreover, send me screwy. And
  Christ! he slapped your bottom hard. Didn't it hurt? And the way he pinned
  you by your neck to the bed for a minute I thought he was going to rape you.  
 No I think watching you, I'll take my chance in prison  
Kelly started to get annoyed. Look, you suggested changing the betting slips
  and getting our friends to put in post timed Bets. If you want to spend the
  next three years in prison as a embezzler then that up to you.  
However, if we go down for this I am going to tell them that it was all your
  idea and you will go down for a lot longer than I will. Possibly four years  
Christ, you Bitch spat out Zoe, through the tiny grill. I am only brought
  you into this because I thought that you would be sensible. Maybe if we denied
  it all he wouldn't be able to get a conviction.  
Are you mad said Kelly, all our dealings are on videotape and it is sure
  we are liable to go down for a long time. Moreover, you're forgetting the confession
  we signed  
What are we going to do replied a tearful Zoe?  
Do these damn videos and get it finished.  
But he talked about a punishment video with some female Dom. Zoe said horrified.
  I've seen a couple of S &amp; M videos and I certainly don't want to be tied
  up, have someone smack my bottom. Then have to allow some Dyke to arrange for
  me to be serviced, as and when she feels like it, while she leers at me while
  I'm getting it.  
Look Zoe said an exasperated Kelly. What you think he is liable to happen
  to us in prison you naive Cow. We're both young and sexy and are liable to
  be taken advantage of.  
What he says about prison is true. I went to the prison hospital to see a
  friend of mine; she had been dragged to the floor in the showers. She was held
  down while someone poured boiling water onto her face and strong bleach down
  the inside of her trousers. Burning her pussy badly before she could strip
  off.  
Some other female, the Bastard, used a knife on her tits and actually cut
  into her nipples.  
When she came out after still having to complete her sentence, her face was
  all scarred and she will never get boyfriend with deformed tits and scarred
  belly  
You get some very crazy evil people in prison. The girls get very sexually
  frustrated and vindictive in there.  
Some of the girls are in for pushing bottles into other girls' faces or ramming
  a broken bottle between a rival female's legs.  
You will be in with murderers, perverted prostitutes and girls who have committed
  armed robbery, and female pimps who would beat their girl's until they complied.  
Don't forget the female pimp who tried to forced you to spread your legs
  is doing 10 years. If you come across her, I don't fancy your chances. Every
  time you take a shower, or a bath, you will be terrified in case she sends
  in someone to get revenge on you.  
At least this way in three days, we can get on with our life.  
Yes! I certainly didn't enjoy Andy smacking my bottom. and it's not going
  to be nice to be told to open my legs and let that perverted old man fuck me.
  But at least if it gets too much, I can tell him to get fucked. In prison it
  just happens and nobody even cares or tries to stop it and if you don't like
  it. Tough! You still get it every day for three years  
Have you any idea what it's like to come out of prison branded a thief, and
  have to face all those punters that you changed the odds-on.  
Remember you took about &pound;1600 off Johnny the Doorman, do you think
  your face will be safe once he hears.  
Andy heard what he had been looking for.  
Hell, that means we have to go through with it all. I'm frightened said Zoe.
  I'm not sure I can handle having my arse pinked by some kinky female. . And
  I hope some of those guys we have to shag are at the least good looking. I'm
  not looking forward to the next three days at all.  
Look, it's not all that bad Andy is a nice guy and I am sure he wont makes
  us do anything we don't like, soothed Kelly. He has promised to let us go,
  I believe him  
Andy smiled to himself at this; he knew Ginene would dance with joy at hearing
  who he had got for love slaves in the next video.  
She would really enjoy to get her hands on these two girls and make them
  suffer. Should be a extra couple of hundred in it for him, as having these
  interesting two Sluts as love slaves for a day, to give to her punters, should
  it increase her earnings fivefold.  
With that, he went back, released Zoe from her cell, and took both of the
  girls into the sitting room set.  
Once on the set, he surprised both the girls, embarrassed them by casually
  pulling down his trousers and exposing a very erect penis, and then continued
  to strip until he was a completely naked.  
Pulling up a high-legged dining room stool, he sat down and explained that
  he was now going to give them a chance to prove it to him that they could take
  the humiliation of having their bottoms spanked.  
Both the girls kept quite and listened but feeling slightly sick as Andy
  explained that as this was only an Audition he would let them keep their jeans
  on. However, they would have to take off their bras, as he liked to see a girl
  tits jerk about, as she was punished  
Your especially he leered at Zoe. Yours will swing about like melons in the
  wind  
But he emphasised strongly. If it became necessary for him to spank them
  again while doing the videos, he couldn't withhold their fee. Then it would
  be their bare bottoms that would be feeling his hand or if a serious problem
  a strap would be used  
Once I have given you a taste of a sore bottom, then we can see how you handle
  the sexual side. I'm not going to go too deeply into sexual activities as I
  expect you fully understand just what will be expected of you, he lied through
  his teeth.  
Nevertheless, I need to see just how you react, being naked and doing sex
  in front of a camera.  
Some girls just cannot handle it at all. Again, if it gives you problem then
  I can't use you for the videos. And you can rot in your cell  
I'm not at all happy with the first part of the Audition as I felt both of
  you were too wooden, especially you Zoe, I expect much more commitment from
  you in the next part.  
When you stroke a guy's penis, I expect you to show some emotion. You could
  have improved on your performance immensely if you had to turned and kissed
  my prick, and when kissed you respond by pushing back, not moving your head
  away. Do it again to me and I'll give you such a hiding.  
Don't be shy. If you do these videos, you will be doing more than kissing
  men, you will be sucking their Pricks. Zoe started to protest, and then being
  sensible shut up, and looked at the floor with a red face  
And you Kelly when you are being finger fucked naked on a bed I expect much
  more explicit performances.  
The punters will be playing a lot of money for these videos and will be imagining
  it is their Dick that actually in your cunt, so don't disappoint them with
  your reaction. Do you understand it?  
And with that, he stood up and grabbed hold of Zoe's arm and pulled her towards
  the stool saying, it's about time for me to have a little bit of fun slapping
  your bottom hard  
Bend over my lap and don't move, if you move too much and fall off, I'll
  take off your pants, and use a leather strap on your bare arse. That will definitely
  make you protest.  
Zoe panic and resisted for a second, she dreaded pain then remembering it
  was this or prison yielded to his demands.  
Watching her strip to the waist he reached out a hand and took a large handful
  of her plump tits, lowered his head and enjoyed suckling them, defying Zoe
  to pull back or complain.  
Zoe stood tears welling in her eye, but full of shame allowed Andy to molest
  her.  
Andy made full use of the opportunity and sucked and manipulated Zoe's Nipples.
  Knowing full well that he was unwillingly arousing the unfortunate young lady
  and adding to her frustration. He knew aroused young ladies had buttocks that
  are much more sensitive.  
Pulling the Zoe over his naked lap, wriggling his hips so that his penis
  was not being squashed. He put his hand between the young lady's legs and felt
  through the material, the soft young yielding cunt that was ready for fucking.
  Then squeezed her arse, which he was going to punish painfully.  
Gently clenching his hand, he looked down at her now dangling face, and the
  sight of her cow's udders hanging nearly under her chin.  
Right young lady you are 19 years of age so you're going to get your bottoms
  slapped 19 at times and then and looking up at Kelly said your next and you
  are 23  
Zoe had an exquisite bottom firm but soft and yielding, making it very spankable
  and because she was bent over a lap sitting on a high stool, her legs were
  off the ground. They pulled her backside tight under her jeans, and making
  the exceedingly unpleasant sensations, she was about to feel in her bottom
  10 times more painful.  
Keeping the jeans on would not help either, as their very tightness would
  hold the Zoe's bum checks firm and unable to move away from the force that
  was trying to flatten them.  
Andy didn't mess about once he had got her settled, without warning he slapped
  her hard across the centre of her bottom. Andy had every intention of making
  the thieving Bitch cry  
The Zoe yelped and flinched but a warning growl from Andy made her freeze
  ready for the next slap, which Andy applied to the left buttock.  
Ouch! Shouted Zoe and did for each of the slaps she got, up to about the
  tenth.  
Andy called a pause there; to allow Zoe to fully appreciate the skill needed
  in having your bottom spanked professionally.  
He reinforced the sexual nature of what was happening to her by using the
  time to run his hands quite firmly through her legs and over her crutch squeezing
  her cunt through the cloth.  
She was still trying to cope with the pain radiating up from her tortured
  bottom, but her change of expression on her face showed total horror of what
  was happening to her  
When Andy resumes his slaps after getting his kicks rubbing her cunt through
  her trousers she went deadly quite, her teeth clenched, and eyes tightly shut,
  she took the other nine stinging slaps that struck her Jean covered bottom.
  Nevertheless, her eyes had turned red from the pain and her eyes filled with
  tears.  
From time to time Andy would look down and enjoyed the sight of her delicious
  plump mammary glands, swinging to and fro, as she inadvertently jumped at each
  smack hitting her bottom.  
Andy evened up the number by giving have a very hard 20 th  slap
  to the back of her legs.  
This really made the very shaggable thief on his lap, buck violently.  
Inadvertently her long, slim legs shot open wide, and even though it were
  was still covered by her jeans, the sight of her sexy crutch made him feel
  extremely horny.  
Luckily, for her he controlled it, otherwise he would have had thrown her
  on the floor and slipped her a length, and given her something to complain
  about.  
No better to wait to the video, there he could rape her gently or violently
  whenever he wanted to do.  
It was obvious from her body language that she hadn't at all enjoyed being
  spanked, and in fact, she found it utterly humiliating and in the extreme discomfort.  
He looked up at Kelly. Who was looking distressed and horrified, she realised
  that her friend had come very close to a unpleasant experience? But sensibly
  did not protest, as she knew that if she said anything of her fears to her
  friend, about seeing Andy lose control and nearly rape her she might want to
  pull out.  
Better for her not to realise how close she had come to having her cunt violently
  packed, and hoped she could handle it when, it actually happens, as she knew
  it would on in the videos.  
Right young lady that's that part of the Audition over, enjoying it did you
  I did he said looking at her tear-stained face.  
Stand over there, and take all your clothes off including your underwear
  and we will inspect the result.  
Zoe looked horrified and scared at the same time. This scene bringing back
  memories of when she had been nearly forced into prostitution by a former boyfriend.
  Not that she had actually entertained a punter, being rescued by Kelly. But
  she had been made to pose in the nude for the pimp.  
Andy got exasperated. Look young lady, either strip or both of you go back
  into that cell until we can exchange it for one in a police station.  
And he was thrilled to see a Zoe's expression changed to acceptance and watched
  fascinated as she obeyed and slowly but reluctantly changed into what would
  be her working clothes for the next three days. completely naked.  
Making the highly embarrassed girl stands with her legs apart facing him
  he commented that before he would do any videos with her she would have to
  shave her pussy. At the moment, it was covered in thick black hair. He did
  suggest that it could be shaved in the next video, or even now if she preferred.  
Zoe hastily assured him she would do it later today. Ok agreed Andy laughing,
  but noting her embarrassment. It had better be completely and utterly smooth
  as a baby's bottom otherwise, I shall take it you are lazy and use a strap
  on it before I make you do it again. Do you understand? Yes said a miserable
  Zoe  
Here are then upped the pressure on Zoe for, by deliberately tickling cunt
  with his finger, making her accept it  
Right young lady turn round and let's see how your backsides stood up to
  a mild spanking.  
She grudgingly obliged and turned round to show her bright red bottom. Andy
  ran away appreciative hand over it, making Zoe quiver.  
Right bend over and touch your toes, and then we can see exactly how it will
  look on video if we have to spank you.  
Again, Zoe hesitated then resignedly bent forwards so her backside stuck
  out.  
Andy got to his feet and bent over to inspect his handiwork fully, after
  caressing her hot skin, he slid one finger down the crack of her arse and massaged
  her sex lips.  
Zoe jumped as she felt his finger stimulate her cunt; it was still horny
  from its last encounter with him.  
However, apart from jumping and closing her eyes, she stood passive and let
  him finger her.  
As he fingered her his Dick slowly went back to a full erection which he
  made Zoe aware of, as he stimulated her for a few seconds, then started to
  make her feel randy again He thoroughly embarrassed her, by asking her why
  she was a little wet. And asked her if she wanted her friend have a look at
  it.  
Zoe let out a, horrified, No please! Knowing just how much of a lesbian her
  friend was, and how she had occasionally tried to get into her knickers. The
  girl oozed sex appeal  
She knew Kelly would love to be allowed to inspect her hot cunt and of the
  thought of her hands intimately inspecting her down there, made her feel sick.  
Andy noticed her reaction and felt a intense thrill  
He ordered Zoe to her feet and made her stand facing the wall, legs wide
  apart and with her hand on her head.  
Stand there and do not move an inch or I will reinforce the redness of your
  bum by spanking you all over again.  
With that, he sat down, looked at Kelly and said 23 slaps for you.  
He had always fancied Kelly or at least her arse  
Zoe was nice and cuddly and full of fun as a party girl and would-be a lovely
  bit of stuff to have as a one night drunken shag. Kelly a petite blonde was
  more of a handful.  
She had a neat trim figure, a nice pair of firm pert breasts and a nice small
  tight little bum. She wasn't as beautiful as Zoe, having a hard face, but he
  knew she was really a very moral girl who was bitterly ashamed of what she
  had done stealing from him  
She also had a forceful character, and that was what he was interested in
  breaking. He knew that being a former amateur prostitute had hardened her nature.  
What he wanted to do, at least for the videos, was to turn her into a professional
  submissive who would allow herself to be dominated, humiliated, and treated
  like a Slut. This initiation was a start of that downfall.  
He knew that even if the girls didn't get charged with theft, just the fact
  that they had been summarily dismissed from their job as cashiers in the betting
  Office meant that nobody would trust them, and give them a job.  
He was sure that Ginene would find a way to get them introduced into being
  Whores again. Both girls would be very vulnerable, after being so wickedly
  abused in the videos.  
He was sure that Ginene could find it a couple of young frisky males to comfort
  them and supply them with drugs have to help them cope with their shame. While
  degraded them even more at night, by insisting on doing depraved things to
  them?  
Give it maybe six weeks and he hoped to have both girls working in his Leeds
  massage parlour during the day and either on the streets at night selling the
  hole between their legs or working in Ginene's dungeon. He didn't care.  
The two were shameless thieves and deserved all they got. Beckoning over
  Kelly, he took her arm as she went to bend over his naked lap and took control
  by pulling her arm so she fell quicker than she meant to and literary stumble
  onto his lap.  
He then scolded her for before being a clumsy fool and hoped she would do
  better on the video. Moreover, made Kelly apologise for her clumsiness. While
  the Zoe stood naked facing the wall.  
Making Kelly wait over his lap while he caressed her bottom and blatantly
  ran his hands through her legs to stimulate her cunt, he asked her if she had
  ever had her bottom spanked. No! She replied guardedly. Oh, you didn't include
  in your menu when you were working in Greece I thought all whores liked a bit
  of slap and tickle.  
Kelly was mortified.  
She thought nobody knew she had prostituted herself to pay for her living
  expenses. And was horrified that Andy of all people knew that she had opened
  her legs for money, even if it was a couple of years in the past.  
Andy saw her reaction and thoughtfully reinforced it by bringing his hand
  soundly down on the young ladies pert, firm little bottom.  
Again predictably, Kelly jumped on his lap as her rear end received a meaty
  whack. Bring back memories are of when her father used to spank her when she
  was naughty.  
Moreover, the shame showed in her face as she tightened her lips, so as not
  to make a sound.  
Andy look down at her and smiled and thought, yes you little madam, you might
  be able to handle a simple spanking, but you as the loser in the blow-job competition
  are going to feel the strap whip across your naked bottom before you go home
  to Tart yourself for a public shagging on the next video.  
Andy commence to spank her enthusiastically, he knew she was going to allow
  herself to be made into a Whore, and worse and had no qualms in introducing
  her to a adult spanking.  
Concentrating mainly on the centre of her tight bottom, he slapped the same
  spot repeatedly, knowing that the, after pain, would find its way into her
  cunt, reinforcing the horny feeling he had introduced earlier.  
Not there that it would do her any good, as he did not intend to relieve
  that randyness until he had her properly stripped naked and getting the attention
  of four watching cameras. Then on video, she could orgasm to her heart's content
  while he raped her  
Kelly continued to jerk up and down on his lap, stimulating his Dick. Andy
  had no problem with this as very soon he was going to stuff it down this challenging
  whores tonsils. Again, he watched her dumplings hanging vertical from her chest
  wobble like conkers on a string  
At the halfway point, again he stopped to allow the pain just soak into the
  unfortunate girl's bottom and find its way into the nerves that fed her cunt.  
He reinforced this again massaging the slit between her legs while Kelly
  grimly and stoically looked at the ground in front of her trying to ignore
  it but had to endure it.  
Yes, she would make a good Whore or go to prison. She had already been a
  Slut so the transformation would not be that big.  
After a minute of sexual stimulation, he resumed the stimulation of her backside.  
Zoe's bottom had been red; her bottom would be scarlet. Finishing the punishment
  with the traditional hard slap to the back of the girls' legs. He ordered the
  now squirming former bookmakers clerk to strip and show her punished bottom,
  so he could decide if she was worthy of being videoed.  
The results were spectacular. Having a neat firm bottom, the whole of her
  buttocks were a blazing painful picture. Despite the girls dignified protestation.
  He knew he had not only hurt her bottom but also hurt her pride.  
Making Kelly stands beside Zoe, he compared the redness. Turning both girls
  round he made Zoe watch while he made Kelly touch her toes in front of them,
  legs slightly apart. Just to see their reactions, he hefted his still erect
  Dick in his hand walked behind Kelly, standing behind her hefting his Dick
  he made as if he was going to penetrate her.  
Kelly Panicked and shot to her feet, hand flying back to protect her cunt.  
That was an enough for Andy, he grabbed her by the neck, and forcing her
  down on the bed, hit her very hard with his hand Ten times on the back of her
  legs while she squealed in pain. Allowing the girl to get up he again told
  her to bend over and touch her toes and, so he could inspect her bottom  
Unlike with Zoe his hands didn't just wander down to her slit, he actually
  pulled open the girls buttocks and thoroughly fingered her cunt quite unashamedly,
  but also made the girl stands absolutely still while he prodded and probed
  investigating the firmness of her anus. Again, Zoe felt a funny rejected feeling
  as she watched Kelly being molested  
Kelly took it stoically this time, making no protest except a grimacing of
  her face and the squeezing her eyes shut.  
Making Kelly stand up besides the Zoe, he moved on to the next crucial part
  of the initiation/audition. The part where he got a sexual relief, while the
  girls were left randy.  
Explaining that he needed to see how the girls tackled being sexually invaded
  he explained that he was going to run a competition.  
Up till now their performance had been poor, he had seen better erotic behaviour
  from a couple of dogs, This was their last chance to get it right otherwise,
  he would disown them, and they could rot in a prison cell for all he cared.  
The girls were full of apologies and assured him that yes, they could do
  a porno video, and it's just that they felt a little embarrassed, by doing
  sexual things so openly.  
Most of the apologising came from Zoe who now knew that after spending time
  in the mock up cell desperately did not want to experience the real thing.  
Andy was amused, and satisfied. While Kelly had a doll's exquisite body.
  Zoe would be fun to put through the mill. She was such a romantic, prim and
  naive young lady that having to finally accept that her former experience of
  nearly being forced into Prostitution was now going to be turned into reality
  would devastate her.  
He knew Ginene would especially concentrate on abusing her on, not only her
  sexual organs, but also making her feel all sorts of shameful erotic emotions
  that she never ever had associated with sex.  
 Like multiple orgasms while being unable to move, so associating extreme
  pleasure, with feeling extremely vulnerable. At other times, she would feel
  naturally sexually excited, and then Ginene would severely punish her, and
  humiliate her for being at such a dirty Slut making her associate sexual pleasure
  with pain  
Her shame and humiliation over the next three days, at having to allow anybody
  who Andy or Ginene said could have intercourse with her would send her into
  a state where she would welcome any loving care, of course provided by one
  of Ginene's young male rent boys.  
It would be fun to follow her trip into Whoredom and see just how miserable
  and deeply she fell, following her future career. He expected Ginene would
  be delighted with her downfall and adds to it at every opportunity. .  
Again, he felt no empathy for the sweet young thing in front of him. He reasoned
  out his feelings by saying that she had been lucky to have been whelped in
  the West. .  
In most Third World country she would have had been raped and set to work
  as a prostitute as soon as she had a observable tits. Or, in Muslim countries
  taken to prison and whipped. To study her eventual descent into the gutter
  would be of the great interest and give him a great satisfaction. He had often
  watch the two of them used their not insubstantial sexual powers, on the punters
  saying at all sorts of sexually innuendoes to get what they desired.  
And hopefully soon these young ladies would have no option, freely giving
  out use of their sexual parts of their bodies to survive  
OK this is what I propose. I said you would not need contraceptives, so I
  am going to a give you the task of giving me a blow job. Andy heard Zoe whisper
  under her breath. Oh God! Give me strength  
You will each get three minutes to give me your best efforts. Then I will
  judge who will finish me off.  
The loser will be bent over, hands secured to their ankles and I will demonstrate
  on their bottom the painful difference between being spanked by hand over your
  jeans, and the devastating effects of having your naked bottom slapped with
  a strap. Do I make myself clear?  
Both girls said nothing, though their faces took on a dismayed look and terrified
  look, which Andy noticed with delight but totally ignored.  
You first Zoe, he said standing firmly with his legs slightly apart, kneel
  down and given me, the best total suck off you can.  
Zoe stared at him in amazement her mind trying to come to terms that she
  was going to have to stick this revolting man's Dick in her mouth and try and
  sexually excite him, and if she was successful, she would get the reward of
  having to swallow his come, she didn't dare think of the consequences if she
  failed.  
Zoe walked forward as if being in a dream and knelt facing Andy's now very
  erect penis.  
Seeing the girl's hesitation, Andy reached out, placed his hand at the back
  of the Slut's head, and without any compassion forced the disgraced teenagers
  mouth decisively on to his Dick. Enjoying the feeling of power, he now knew
  he had over this young and very attractive teenager  
Still Zoe felt she could not comply and resisted.  
Without mercy, Andy leant forward and brought his hand cracking down on the
  Zoe's still sore bottom. Accompanying this slap with the words! Come on you
  Whore get sucking.  
The shock and pain galvanised Zoe into action. Her lips shot down his cock
  and she started unenthusiastically getting on with the task she had been set.
  Andy watched her kneeling at his cock and encouraged her with comments like.
  Concentrate a little more on the head, Slut.  
Run your tongue around the tip, and get more of it in your mouth, you Cow  
Encouraging her with the threat. You will get another slap. And of course.
  Suck harder you little bitch.  
All this encouraged the still naive 19 year old to excite Andy and the use
  of derogatory language towards her turned him on so much that he had to switch
  off his mind, not to come too early. But couldn't help but enjoy watching her
  attractive mouth being so degenerately adapted for his sexual needs  
The three minutes up he bent forward again slapped Zoe extremely powerfully
  on her backside and yanked out his Dick from her mouth.  
Zoe yelped and her hands shot back to cup her bottom, which was stinging
  badly. Ordering her back, to stand with her friend Kelly.  
After a moment's rest, he said that as she had put on such a poor performance,
  to save time he was going to put her straight over the trestle ready the for
  her bare bottoms slapping as surely Kelly couldn't be any worse.  
When Kelly excited him, she could simply carry on sucking him off, while
  he picked up the strap and attended to Zoe's bottom.  
It seems young lady that you can't even suck cock properly he said, dragging
  the totally devastated girl towards the trestle.  
Please, Please let me do it again are sure I can do it much better. I can't
  handle the pain of having my bottom smacked.  
Please, please don't hit me.  
Its too late young lady. You had better pray that Kelly is merciful towards
  you and purposely doesn't do a good job.  
But Kelly was also terrified of having her bottom smacked with the strap
  and certainly wasn't going to substitute her bottom for her friend, no matter
  what.  
A good hiding might convince Zoe to stop pissing about and get down and do
  the three videos, before Andy got fed-up and sent them to prison.  
In fact, to reinforce this she actually went over and helped Andy bend the
  struggling, pleading young lady over the trestle, and watched by Andy, treacherously,
  undid Zoe's belt and pulled her friends jeans down to her ankles, readying
  it for punishing, and showing off Zoe's still red bottom cheeks.  
Hoping that this would convince Andy that she would do all in her power to
  get these videos over and done with, and secretly hoping this would invigorate
  her into Andy's affections.  
Tapping the terrified Zoe's now naked bottom, he promised her that she wouldn't
  be sitting on that area for a couple of days. Serves her right for not throwing
  herself fully into keeping herself out of prison. When I say suck cock, you
  do it as if your life depended on it  
He did not add that leaving the teenage girl positioned ready for a expected
  beating was cruel and despicable, as he knew while she waited she would imagine
  every possibility of pain while she lay over the bench legs apart, and bottom
  in the air posing in a most licentious way.  
She would be feeling almost like a prize cow in a crush pen being readied
  for fertilisation  
Leaving her in this sexually degrading position, he beckoned Kelly over.
  The former prostitute knowing exactly what to do and fearing the second prize
  of a strapping, set to work with enthusiasm right from the start.  
She was good, he thought as he watched her energetically ramming his cock
  into her throat.  
But he preferred the thought of making the Slut scream and yell as he larruped
  her arse with the strap to the act of spraying her tonsils with his cum.  
So, he again abused her with belittling language and several times tenderised
  her backside for its coming strapping, by spanking her with his hand.  
Luckily, the break while placing Zoe in her sexually degrading position had
  allowed him to relax, and he was easily able to resist the urge to fill Kelly's
  mouth. He wanted her bum.  
The three minutes up, he astonished Kelly by making her bend over the trestle
  and secured her ankles to her arms, next to Zoe.  
Giving Zoe the satisfaction of watching her friend having her trousers pulled
  down, wriggling with embarrassment as her arse was bared to the elements. While
  he waited to inform both of them of his decision.  
In his typical cruel manner, he stroked and gently slapped both of the girl's
  bottoms as he informed them just what the unfortunate loser was going to get.  
His description of a leather strap meeting a naked female bottom terrified
  both of them.  
Eventually he said. While you, were both really deserving of a strap across
  your backside? I think that Kelly, and here he paused sadistically, and looked
  expectantly at Kelly's face which brightened with relief. Then he added, should
  have her bottom soundly thrashed.  
Kelly let out a wail and her face crumpled as she heard the verdict.  
And started to plead even more when he fetched the strap that she was going
  to soon feel transferring its energy painfully to the skin covering of her
  rump  
Leaving the strap resting on her naked back, she could only watch as he released
  Zoe and made her kneel at his crutch while he stood close enough to Kelly to
  easily punish her.  
For some obscure reason, Zoe felt a warmth towards her tormentor, and was
  almost a grateful to be given the chance to swallow his Cum.  
Looking down at Zoe he spat out, What are you waiting for you Slag start
  gobbling and fired her into action with a meaty couple of slaps in quick succession
  to her arse.  
While Zoe was pumping away at his cock, he lovingly informed the relapsed
  amateur Whore trapped over the bench with her arse ready for Punishment, that
  there was no fixed number of strokes for her Punishment.  
He was going to beat her backside for as long as it took Zoe to swallow his
  come.  
Kelly panicked at this cruel treatment and started to plead. Please no, she
  could take an hour to finish you, she has no experience. Let me do it, or at
  least let me know a number.  
Andy had switched his mind off so that the Zoe's efforts to excite him were
  not working.  
He wanted to add guilt to Zoe's sufferings as he made her work even harder
  and as she failed, she would have to listen to Kelly's screaming, as she was
  strapped.  
Listen you little Tart. As I know Zoe could take a long time, I am going
  to larrup your arse only once every 10 seconds.  
That's six a minute. If she takes a longer than 10 minutes, she will be the
  one over the trestle and the you will be the one sucking at the font. Understood.  
Kelly certainly wasn't satisfied as she shrieked but I could get 60 strokes
  and I can't handle even half of that.  
Andy had no intention of giving this girl a true thrashing that was for Ginene
  and the final video. It was not mercy that initiated that decision just plain
  common sense.  
These girls were going to have to do to very sexually orientated videos first
  and nothing was more off-putting watching a girl being shagged, than seeing
  her skin showing blemishes.  
So, while he fully intended to give these girls a good slapping from time
  to time the real punishment would be towards the end of the last video. Where
  the punters would be expecting and would enjoy to see welts, cane marks and
  bruises as well as redness. A sight he was looking forward to.  
Enforcing his decision, he brought the strap slicing down across Kelly's
  neat tight bottom while at his crutch Zoe worked her tits off spurred on by
  his comment of a changeover at 10 minutes.  
Andy kept up his promise of the one slap every 10 seconds for the first minute
  and a half.  
Each time the promised strap stroke landed Kelly let out a agonising yell.
  The strap was long enough to completely encompass both her buttocks leaving
  a red sore mark across her rump.  
He had purposely used a strap which while making a lot of noise did not bruise
  the under lying flesh, just causing intense stinging to the surface skin. A
  process, which could be undone by a half hour soak in the bath.  
The time spent by not inducing pain into Kelly's bottom was spent reinforcing
  the guilt in Zoe's mind.  
Urging the girl to take more into her throat, he taunted the girl with commence
  about her ability to suck. Saying as he, jerked Kelly into emitting a piercing
  scream by landing the strap across her well-presented rump.  
Just because you're unable to be a good Whore, your friend is suffering the
  consequences. He told her  
If you don't get more into your throat and suck harder then your bottom will
  be next for the strap to kiss understand. Your going to suck so hard your face
  collapses  
Zoe went into panic and overdrive and really excelled herself. With her throat
  aching from sucking and having Andes erect penis pushed down it she felt despair
  at her inability to bring him off.  
To re-enforce these feeling he slapped Kelly's arse twice more and while
  she screamed and thrashed about, He then stopped Zoe moving, saying I'm nearly
  there just stop and suck for all you're worth, I will move your head in and
  out.  
Andy knew the loss of control and the humiliation of having her head moved
  backwards and forwards against her control on his cock would add to the mess
  of conflicting thoughts in her head.  
Added to that he knew the lower air pressure in her mouth when he eventually
  came would cause the cum not to spurt, But spray into the Whores mouth. Filling
  completely the interior of the teenage Sluts mouth with cum. that would then
  slowly drip on to her tongue as she tried vainly to get rid of it by swallowing.  
One minute later, his come burst out of the eye of his prick and did exactly
  as he expected. The affects of having a small bomb of cum explode in your mouth
  was quite devastating for Zoe especially as once it had happened, he forbid
  Zoe to swallow, just open her mouth for inspection.  
As he expected when he looked in her mouth which the gagging girl held open
  for him the whole of the lining of her mouth was covered with a white milky
  fluid, which slowly dribbled down on to her tongue and slowly slithered like
  a oyster down her throat.  
Andy made the gagging, choking girl hold her mouth open for a good 30 seconds.
  And then putting one hand under her chin forced her mouth closed and commanded.
  Swallow!  
Zoe was again totally devastated and humiliated at the actions that she had
  to do, to save herself from prison.  
Her self-respect plummeted and she felt totally degraded. Which was exactly
  Andy's intention.  
Totally ignoring the silently sobbing girl to attempts to vomit he walked
  over to the filing cabinets and removed unseen to Kelly, a tin of Vaseline.  
Walking back to Kelly who now lay whimpering over the punishment trestle
  he spread her now extremely sore ass cheeks and inspected her tight brown anus.  
Kelly paused in her squirming and writhing completely bewildered at his attentions
  as he quickly covered her anus with the homosexual's favourite lubricant.  
And used it in exactly the same way. Forcing his still erect penis deep up
  the entrails of the punished Slut laid out before him. At the same time forcing
  her head to the down by the neck as a Tomcat does to a female ally cat when
  servicing it  
Kelly went in to such a humiliated outraged screech that even Zoe still vomiting
  up cum was startled enough to turn her head and observe Kelly getting Andy's
  penis shoved up her rectum.  
Though he had only just shot his lot into Kelly's upper digestive system,
  such was the atmosphere in the studio that he knew he could eventually come
  again and give Kelly a taste of having her lower digestive tubes filled with
  come.  
It took a full 10 minutes and a lot of ramming up the hysterically crying
  Kelly's back passage before he had achieved his objective. But eventually Kelly
  felt her rear end fill with cream.  
Taking the now exhausted Zoe by the hand, he slipped on handcuffs and pinned
  her hands behind. Then made her lay on the bed.  
When she seemed to relax, he released Kelly from her bonds and handcuffing
  her made her lay down, again on the bed.  
He then went to get dressed and get himself a drink. Leaving the girls in
  their misery  
15 minutes later he returned sat down on the bed beside them, giving both
  of them a stiff whisky and massaging cold cream into both of their backsides.  
Right young ladies, you have had your Audition and while it was not completely
  satisfactory I am willing to take you on to do the three videos.  
But if you feel you can't handle it, you are going back in that cell for
  the police to collect once they have seen the evidence. What is it going to
  be?  
Zoe who looked over at the mock up of the cell and shuddered, please don't
  put me back in there I can't stand it.  
OK. OK. Soothed Andy wearing his normal guy face. You both have just had
  a bad experience I purposely put you through a lot, so that you knew what you
  were letting yourself in for.  
Each individual video on its own will not be nearly as harrowing as your
  Audition, as for that you had to handle all three vices at once.  
The first video is only a straight sexual video, with very little naughty
  stuff added.  
The second will be still straightforward but a little irksome on the holes
  between your legs, but I think you can handle that.  
The third will be a little extreme, as you will be paid a lot for doing it
  and unfortunately in this game, the more you are paid, the more you have to
  do.  
But once it has finished then I have absolutely no interest in contacting
  you again.  
I will have recovered a fair percentage of my stolen money and will have
  had the satisfaction of having you punished.  
If you decide that, you want me to go to the police, that is perfectly satisfactory
  and will give me the satisfaction for the next three years that you are suffering
  abject misery banged up with a load of lesbians. And that is not only the prisoners.  
Kelly had bought herself together and said despairingly.  
Look one-way or the other we are going to be punished I would rather it was
  just for three days than for three years. That way we can then get on with
  our life.  
Andy looked at the tear-stained Zoe and got a nod to carry on.  
Andy not pushing it any further stood up, helps the girls to their feet,
  and gently helps them to get dressed and tidy themselves up. Supplying several
  further large whiskies.  
Looking at the clock, he informed them that it was now 3 o'clock he expected
  them back for their video by 6 o'clock that evening, dressed respectably and
  looking like a million dollars.  
Have a bath and put your war paint on. I want no to Tartness showing in any
  of my videos.  
You are two respectable decent office girls that have been lured by the promise
  of a large fee and a little excitement to do a twosome on a guy you know from
  work.  
It will be straight sexual, no kinky stuff. But remember you will act as
  if your life depends on it, as the state of your bottom will.  
If I feel you on not throwing yourself into the spirit of the video, which
  is raw unbridled sex. I am going to give your backsides a damn good hiding,
  before I make you do the scene again.  
DO YOU UNDERSTAND he bellowed.  
Yes replied the two girls frightened out of their wits, knowing that if they
  did not comply a prison cell awaited them.  
Seeing the two girls looking so frightened Andy softened slightly look to
  show good faith, lets go back to the office and I will erase the later part
  of the video. While the main part will show you thieving, at least you can
  see I am honest in letting you go if you do the video, as you want to.  
Yes, there will still be the copy tapes but if you comply with the repayment
  of the money, those will be for you to destroy  
With that, he took the girls to the door, reminding them that if they were
  late, they could be expect to be greeted by the police.  
Leaving the girls to make their way home, he got on to Ginene.  
He had a good working relationship with Ginene who had a similar outlook
  on life as himself.  
She was a self confessed prostitute who had now six brothels in the surrounding
  area plus a couple way up in Leeds.  
He knew that when she had been in the Square she had had to endure a lot
  of abuse and defamation of character as people called her a Whore and a slag.
  This was true he mused but not a good thing to say to someone's face.  
He knew a lot of the abuse and name-calling had emulated from two girls called
  Zoe and Kelly.  
Ginene would be over the Moon knowing they had sullied their reputation and
  would jump at a chance in being a instrumental in sullying their reputations
  more.  
If he were instrumental in actually arranging for her to actually degrade
  and humiliate the girls preferably sexually and painfully then she would be
  eternally grateful  
When she answered her mobile, he innocently asked her if he could use her
  premises for a video. In two day's time  
Which one she replied. The brothels or the dungeon.  
The dungeon replied Andy. All I don't know about that she mused.  
It's very short notice. I have many clients who pay big money for me to turn
  into cringing wimps and to turn them away will cost you big money.  
Andy grinned to himself as he listened to her greedy Spiel. Wait until you
  hear me out he's said.  
OK but put money where your mouth is.  
I have these two girls who desperately need to earn a lot of money fast or
  they are in big trouble.  
A couple of prostitutes short of drug money again retorted Ginene. The last
  two were absolutely terrible, would not take any form of humiliation, and they're
  pain tolerance was bad.  
They were not even a grateful that I had played their bill and saved them
  from a terrible beating.  
In the end I had them taken out of the dungeon and put into the brothel,
  have them tied immobile over a bench and let the punters queue up behind them,
  and earn't my money that way.  
The poor Sluts serviced 150 guys in two sessions of 15 hours at &pound;20
  a sordid coupling in continuous shagging to clear their &pound;2,000 debt,  
Even then, when I last heard, they had upset another dealer. Who had lured
  both of them out for an assignment, had them gang-banged and flogged at a shady
  S&amp;M sex show.  
Then laid them out in their working positions on their back naked and let
  one seriously crazy psychopath, for a one off payment of &pound;1,000 stretch
  their cunt's with a knife so they can now no longer work.  
Serves them right in this game you pay your dues or some sod will gut you
  open.  
These two are not practising prostitutes. In fact you may have had contact
  with them in their past. Interrupted Andy.  
Who knew if he didn't get his say, she would ramble on over the gruesome
  details for hours.  
Here! Not female cops are they. If so I say let them get their just deserts
  and all the best to whoever wants to set the dogs on them.  
No. No. These are not female coppers, these you most probably would hate
  even more.  
Come on Andy don't mess me about I don't have the time for your silly games,
  who are they  
Remember Zoe and her friend Kelly. Well they both have seemed to have got
  themselves a little bother with the police.  
Ginene tone changed. You mean those two young slag's that had the dress-stall
  in the market. Now if I could get my hands on those two young ladies, I would
  really make their life a misery.  
The abuse I had to take off them when I was working in the area was vile.  
Well and maybe, your luck is in Ginene.  
These young ladies have agreed to do a video in your Dungeon with you as
  commanding mistress.  
What's the catch argued Ginene I suppose there are limits that are absolutely
  impossible, no Spanking, no Sex, no Fun, and no money?  
No added Andy in this case there are no limits, they will take anything you
  can do to them.  
Ginene has voice changed to one of delight. You're not having me on are you?
  Those slag's Zoe and Kelly secured naked in my dungeon and no limits, it's
  not Christmas.  
Andy replied. No, it's true. No limits as long as they don't complain and
  don't need hospital treatment.  
Would you mean demanded Ginene, As soon as I put a Whip quirt anywhere near
  their juicy sensual little cunt's they will complain like mad.  
No not this time they have got themselves into really serious trouble and
  are terrified of going to prison for a long time.  
Especially as I said if they piss me about I will get a rumour started that
  they are in a for abusing young children. . Being at a nonce in prison is almost
  a death sentence, and Zoe is terrified that she will run into her old abductor.  
Yes, mussed Ginene, she is in Holloway and that's where they would go. It
  would definitely be better to submit to me than spend time in the same cellblock
  as her, they might even end up in the same cell  
The phone went dead for a short while Ginene mind went into circles.  
You say they will do anything as long as they don't need hospital treatment
  for it.  
Even that they will stand as long as it is not too serious but I just don't
  want to get the authorities sniffing about.  
As far as I can see, you can make them shag their cunt's off, they will take
  a large amount of buggering and you should be almost able to choke them with
  the spunk you could force them to swallow.  
I get the feeling that they would be even contemplate copulating with animals
  if it meant they could stay out of prison.  
Mm can't arrange that at such short notice but I like the drift  
On top of that, they will take a beating and even allow you to use your whip
  on any part of their young tender sexually active bodies. You could even whip
  Zoe between her long sexy legs  
Mmmm I like the sound of that. It certainly would be nice to send that miserable
  Tart howling like the Bitch she is. If I remember rightly she has a great set
  of Mammary Glands, a set to be proud of . A modest bit of painful manipulation
  of those should make her very repentant mussed Ginene again  
I have told them they will have to spend a full day from 9 o'clock in the
  morning till 12 midnight serving in your dungeon as full obedient sex slaves
  for you to rent out to some of your more randy submissive  
I know a lot of your guys want sexual relief and you won't allowed them to
  touch you. You could tell, say Kelly to submit and present any orifice the
  guy wanted to fill with his prick. Or make both of them squat with their knees
  wide apart and make them masturbate themselves into an orgasm, by say encouraging
  them every minute ,y making them move their hands out of the way and punish
  them for taking so long by flicking the quirt of your nasty little whip in
  between their sex lips  
On top of that, pointed out Andy . one of the girls is bisexual and the other
  has a strong unnatural aversion to Dykes. Being careful, how he put it, he
  knew Ginene liked young girls  
Yes I see your point whispered Ginene in a husky voice.  
We could set the Dyke to force the conventional girl into perverted strong
  sexual activities. Like turning her upside down and having her cunt filled
  up with wine . Then allowing her Dyke friend to dip her tongue into her upturned
  cunt and lick it dry, like a cat licking a bowl of cream clean '  
Or interjected Andy, tell Zoe lick out Kelly's cunt ,then let her submit
  to a dildo, Ginene finished for him. The scene has many interesting possibilities.
  If I remember right, that Zoe was a sexy little Slut  
OK! You can have the dungeon free for the day but I am going to insists that
  the girls stay overnight after, so I can get to know them a little better.  
I am sure I misjudged them when they were calling me a Whore and a pervert
  ,when people were posting contraceptives and sanitary towels through my door.  
Andy chuckled to himself as he put the phone down.  
Knowing Ginene and her perverted little mind she would have a great delight
  in making the girls chew used but still full condoms, and then give them a
  used sanitary towel to wipe out their mouths.  
That day's video should be quite interesting. He wasn't sure how the girls
  were going to take having to stay overnight with Ginene.  
He felt it better that they didn't find out until Ginene had safely got them
  locked in a piece of apparatus.  
He knew Ginene had some interesting pieces of equipment. mainly to hold compliant
  gentleman still while she tormented their sexual organs, by introduced hot
  ceramic penises into their anus. His mind shuddered at the things she like
  to do to males.  
She had hated her time in the square and had been glad to get out of it  
Unfortunately, for the two thieves, that hated also applied to a lot of the
  people around the square who had protested at her even being allowed to walk
  around the streets. Zoe and Kelly were in for a interesting time.  
Andy just had to make sure that Ginene in her lust for revenge did not do
  anything silly like castrating the girls. The body she had to be careful with
  as it carried evidence if marked. The mind she could fuck with impunity.  
Ginene put the phone down thoughtfully.  
If Andy was correct and the girls were desperate to get out of trouble, on
  Tuesday night till Thursday morning when she went for a shit, she wouldn't
  have to waste toilet paper.  
Ginene let her mind run riot. She must contact her Blacksmith. She had seen
  in a magazine a lovely illustration of a wire breast clamp that fitted tight
  up to a Tarts chest.  
Shaped like a sideways figure of eight, it had a lifting bar in the middle
  so if necessary a young slag could be hosted up on to tiptoe by her Titties,
  the thick Circular soft covered bar totally encircling the fatty tissue. With
  only a couple off screws to mess about with,  
it should be a possible to squash down that slag's Zoe's very respectable
  mammary glands into two swollen very sensitive purple balloons.  
So sensitive in fact that 30 seconds spent titillating the Nipples would
  send the Tart into an exhausting orgasm, and there were no limits to the time
  she could be made to orgasm to total exhaustion. Great for reinforcing a feeling
  of degradation of into a girl loins but also making her beg for more.  
Ginene let her mind wander as, to what that type of experience would do to
  tender young teenager like Zoe.  
Pity about not being allowed to put them in hospital, she would love to fill
  their Baby Making cavities with boiling oil.  
Completely and utterly, turn them into still pretty but sterile useless bits
  of meat.  
Young, extremely attractive and sexy on the outside, but inside their vital
  core would be useless.  
Never again would they be worth taking to bed as even the best plastic surgery
  could not restore the smooth succulent interior lining of a vagina  
The memory of a Gorgeous High-class Hostess who resembled almost exactly
  Holly Valance the Actress and nearly obscene erotic Pop singer, who had tried
  to muscle in on her territory came to mind.  
She had screamed from the time they had held her captive in her luxury Piccadilly
  Brothel apartment, until she had been found half dead, by ambulance staff men
  with her innards cooked.  
Ginene remembered fondly how she had heated the exquisitely delicate extra
  virgin olive oil in front of Hostess in her own personal flat as she lay squirming
  tightly secured on to her specially imported luxury Moroccan leather covered
  massage couch.  
Explaining to the distraught restrained Hostess exactly how she was going
  to apply it, and what she would soon be experiencing.  
The young slim Hostess was tied with her hands either side of her exquisitely
  desirable slim body. Her hips and her legs encased in exclusive designer Gucci
  pants, and hand crafted leather high-heeled boots that stopped above well-shaped
  calves  
The coarse ropes that held her ankles about a foot a part and the metal cuffs
  that held her wrists to the handles of the bench only slightly debasing the
  illusion of a goddess.  
Deciding that the delicate extra special Virgin salad oil, that she noticed
  had been purchased in Forteman and Mason's of Bond Street London, was nearly
  ready for pouring. She had the Hostess manoeuvred into a position she could
  fully appreciate the trouble Ginene had taken to give her a memorable retirement.
  And so that the treatment she was about to receive would be more interestingly
  effective.  
Telling her henchmen to go to the opulent Bridal suite and bring out the
  fine Goose feather pillows.  
She had the guys with her come over and help position the upper class Hooker
  for her beauty treatment. Getting them to grip her slim thighs, she had the
  girls petite waist lifted from the luxury massage couch she was resting, high
  in the air and held it there by padding it up with the pillows from the Honeymoon
  Suite, Where the Hooker used to take her more romantic millionaire Amours.  
There numerous times she had her virginity taken in a wedding night fantasy
  and Ginene reckons the young lady had been wedded and bedded in there at least
  once every week. Using that fantasy ,among many others to learn her income  
As she stuffed the expensive pillows from the fantasy room to support the
  young Ladies sexy desirable bottom, she found it ironic that they had come
  from her Marriage bed.  
Asking if the captive Hostess was comfortable ,she adjusted the girls posture
  so its upper body was inclined backwards at about 30 degrees from the vertical,
  making its firm and globular breasts press captivatingly against her expensive
  exclusive Italian blouse. Her long sexy slim legs curved from the hips, now
  inclined down at the same amount.  
She left them encased in their luxury coverings, just adjusting the amount
  the young lady opened her legs, so she still looked demure, but access could
  easily be obtained to the important piece of meat between her legs.  
Standing back and inspecting her handiwork, she was satisfied.  
The high-class Call Girl was now lying tightly secured, on her back. Her
  bottom raised about half a metre from the soft luxury surface of the couch,
  held up by the soft downy pillows while her legs and head still touched the
  couch  
Her long slim graceful Gucci clad limbs bent from her waist so she was bent
  backwards in a slim bow. With her debauched equipment that she used to provides
  her expensive living now gazing at the ceiling, begging for it. And would soon
  be getting it  
Once the expensive Hostess was positioned to Ginene satisfaction, and she
  took her time ,not wishing to demean the Lady reclining in front of her. She
  walked forward and gently placed her hand between the Hostess slightly open
  legs and gently but firmly manipulated the crutch of the Gucci pants enjoying
  the feeling beneath the cloth of the soft and juicy working parts of the Hostess
  she was holding captive. Purposely concentrating the Hostess mind on the part
  of her that had caused offence to Ginene and to make her immensely aware of
  where all the action soon would concentrated. The Whore on the couch responded
  by squirming delightfully in horror.  
Right from the start when Ginene and her henchmen had forced their way in
  and cut all the communications, she had been absolutely terrified. Realising
  why they had come and desperately tried to come to an arrangement.  
Very upper-middle-class decided Ginene, always looking for a way it out,
  of trouble from the lower classes. Even now, she was abjectly grovelling, and
  begging to be let go.  
Ginene apologise to her saying that it was nothing personal, but she had
  to protect her business and the best way was for her rival to be retired, permanently,  
As the young lady babbled her apologies yet again. Ginene continued to speak
  to her completely calm and naturally while she erotically stimulated and played
  with the soon to be redundant comforter between the legs of the beautiful sought-after
  Hostess.  
Continually reminding the well connected Hostess just where she was going
  to get it, and unfortunately how extremely uncomfortable and unpleasant the
  procedure would most probably be  
Trying to lighten the situation, Ginene inquired helpfully. If she had any
  more appointments that evening? if so maybe she could contact another agency
  for her, as it was unlikely that she would be able to offer any worthwhile
  relief to any of her rich clients between her slim lily white thighs again.
  Her fingers pushing down erotically and firmly on the cloth covering her victim's
  crutch, emphasising her words. The young woman on the bed babbled incoherently.
  She then thoughtfully inquired, which of the many Rich Millionaires who came
  to her for her special type of counselling. she would miss the most between
  her legs. Again the Whore on the bed sobbed and begged  
Ginene spent a long time gently caressing and rubbing the Girls working equipment
  while she chatted about the girl's love life. Did she have a boyfriend or did
  she find the millionaires attentions sufficient.  
She also innocently inquired whether the millionaires she had, and emphasise
  the had, meaning never again, ever allowed to kiss and cuddle and bring her
  to an orgasm, or did she only do that on the privacy of her own bed, .  
Again insinuating that never again was this young well-bred Courtesan be
  able to get relief from sexual frustration, if she ever had any  
She was also very interested in whether any of her clients got kinky with
  her, possibly smacking her, or making her act out submissive roles, though
  she did say that she knew many men like to feel the pain across their own bottoms.
  .  
The Hostess tried to answer a lot of these questions, but she found that
  she couldn't really concentrate on her answers are due to her present predicament.  
So sometimes, she would have to be prompted to giving at answer by one of
  the henchmen who would slap her face hard .  
Which was a shame as she had such a beautiful face, and each slap would slightly
  smudge her exquisitely applied make-up and bring tears to the Beautiful but
  unfortunately silly Hostess long lashed eyes  
Yes, of course when she entertained, she was like a girlfriend to a client.
  No she had never indulged in spanking of any kind, and the nearest she had
  done to kinky sex was to allow one her of her clients in masturbate her with
  a cucumber .  
What about your bottom, have you ever had that used for sex . No, definitely
  not she indignantly replied .And genuinely interested Ginene asked her . Have
  you ever been raped by one of your clients. Here the girl stopped and paused,
  and then prompted by a hard slap on her face said Yes .  
One of her gentleman had got very violent and abusive. Stripping off my cloths
  , damaging them , then threw me on the bed and shagged me for five times in
  about 10 minutes. she then blubbered as she recalled , that that was the only
  time she had had it up the bottom then he left me without paying his bill.  
No replied Ginene that wasn't rape that was just you, being made to be a
  good Whore for once  
Ginene had plenty time to spend indulging in her Hobby as this type of expensive
  Hostess's charging so much as she did , only had one or two millionaires sticking
  their Dicks into her cunt a week. The rest of the time, she was a party girl
  and a lazy Slut.  
Leaving the girls crutch for a second, she gently kissed the totally secured
  Hostess's on the lips and unbuttoning the top button of her silk blouse. Then
  manipulated and caress her breasts while continued to chat to the unfortunate
  courtesan tied to the massage table, as if her victim was here as a customer
  , passing the time while the oil came to the correct temperature.  
Not long now Young lady! she said, looking from the coffee pot of oil, to
  the beautiful Hookers face, and went back to put her hands on to the girls
  crutch. The &pound;2,000 a night high-class hooker, let out a bitter sob  
Finding the exact position of the equipment she wanted to stimulate, she
  stretched the material flat, with a finger and thumb, causing the stretch Gucci
  pants to thin out and allow the shadowy outline of the aperture they were covering
  to show through.  
The Hostess being considerate and always ready for a consultation at short
  notice, never when working wore for any underwear, not even Silk .  
Checking she was exactly above the area, she wished to transform .Ginene
  asked one up of the henchmen who still lounged expectantly in the soft Damson
  silk cloth covered Armchairs, to find a fitting knife for the delicate job,
  and accepted the offered grapefruit knife with its delicate fluted edges and
  Mother of Pearl handle as a suitable instrument. Ginene knew the young lady
  was refined and sophisticated and did not wish to offend her sensibilities
  by using a cheap penknife  
Cutting into the expensive material of the stretch pants directly into the
  outline below. Ginene apologise to the terrified, wriggling Whore whose expensive
  garments she was mutilating, asking her not to tremble so much as she might
  cut her flesh, and in such a sensitive area, and with it costing so much to
  service, that would be a real disaster .  
Putting her fingers into the neat four-inch cut, she had produced just below
  the Hostess Venus mound she pulled the cloth apart. Being careful not to ruin
  the outline of the expensive pants as she fiddled the girl's outer sex lips
  through the fine material. covering. Making the girl whose sexual equipment
  she was fondling and fiddling through the cloth, squirm her bum seductively
  in terror on the pillows supporting it.  
So sympathetically did she handle them, that when the material closed back
  around them, it left them a delicious pink colour but totally exposed to the
  outside air.  
She then delicately opened the girl's inner sex lips. by teasing them open
  with her fingers, and kept them open for internal inspection by the insertion
  of a gold engraved wedding ring she had found on the dresser table.  
The captive of high-class hooker on the massage table was actually gibbering
  in her attempts to appease the offence she had given to Ginene. Ginene just
  looked at her pitifully and totally ignored her, preparing her for the fun
  to come.  
While she waited for the oil to come to full heat, she gently played and
  blew on the girl's genitals preparing them for the coming specialised attention.
  Exposed as they were peeking through her Gucci pants, warm and enticing, they
  looked very sexy and extremely erotic. Ginene watched with delight, as even
  though terrified, the girl's sexual organs started to get aroused. Unfortunately
  Ginene knew that this time, when her juicy organ got its longing gratified,
  it wouldn't get a lot of satisfaction though it would be very stimulating  
To erotically emphasise them , she used one of the Hostess's expensive lipsticks
  and gently rouged the peeking lips, rubbing the wax colouring erotically around
  the lips, decorating them for destruction  
Standing back to admire her work, she found it amazing that even now when
  she had exposed the working parts of this expensive Whore, the overall impression
  looking at her from a distance was one of a Greek goddess gently sleeping .  
That was except for the obscene emphasis of the girls shaved red rouged sexy
  sex lips as they poked through her black coloured Gucci stretch pants , looking
  just like a pair of sexy lips looking for a kiss.  
Once she had got the Lady's genitals arranged to her artistic satisfaction,
  she took a couple of photographs, to give the girl to remember.  
Turning to her henchmen, she asked if they would like to give her one, and
  provide her with one last cheap thrill . Saying it would be a pity to come
  all this way and not use the equipment supplied . Knowing men, she stood back
  to allow them to climb on and hump the Whore's begging cunt.  
She was slightly disappointed when they sensibly turned down the offer of
  giving the Whore a &pound;2,000 thrill .  
Which was a pity as she would have loved to have seen the effect of boiling
  oil meeting sperm and bursting into steam inside her womb .  
It would have trickled downwards due to her downward inclined upper pelvis
  and being a unable to escape when suddenly turn to stream, excitingly thrusts
  up her slim belly in a short lived false pregnancy.  
Out of pity for her client, being rejected her last couple of good fucks.
  She couldn't understand why such a obviously randy a cunt had been rejected
  it in its hour of need, she kindly offered to masturbate her off herself. She
  held up a very interesting silver etched Ivory "Double life size", fake penis
  obviously Japanese that had taken her fancy.  
It had been stored in the guest's bedroom on the second floor.  
She would not take No for an answer. even when the normally respectful Blonde
  Hostess violently shook her head and looked extremely sick, saying quite shrilly,
  that if that was what she wanted to do it to her, Please, Please just use her
  finger or one of the other dildo's in the cupboard, as that one was special.  
When Ginene had inspected it earlier after finding it, she was amazed at
  its realism and the fact that it was fully operational.  
but she had been entirely revolted at the evil smelling liquid that had spurted
  out when she pressed the release button .  
Inserting it forcibly into the Whore's hole , she was a little rough at first,
  not realising that the girls fear and horror at having it used on her had made
  her completely dry.  
Sending the nearest henchmen to the guest's room again to find a suitable
  lubricant, when he returned with a pleasant perfumed liquid, she poured a little
  into the girl's cunt and vigorously started to masturbate her. Unfortunately,
  the liquid caused her exquisite Hostess's cunt to produce squelching noises.
  So until a little of it had evaporated the whole action was sordid and obscene.  
When she would press the button eventually to inject the contents into the
  girl's birth canal, she wondered exactly what it was she was injecting into
  the prone Holly Valance look-a-like.  
She had been extremely wary of it as she knew a lot of these Posh Hookers
  often had a perverted and weird sense of humour. So asked the exquisite English
  Whore what it was .  
She, after a little slapping told her, Baboon Sperm and a little pepper sauce.
  Oh, that's interesting and demanded a explanation .  
It seemed she often let her Aristocratic girlfriends who visited her from
  time to time, stay overnight, titillated and intrigued by the way she learnt
  her living .  
These extremely posh young ladies were, extremely intrigued by the large
  erotic Japanese import, especially as she told them it contained a Oriental
  long-lasting sexual aphrodisiac and was used by Concubines of a ancient Japanese
  Emperor. Often after fondling it, it would be mysteriously mislaid, to emerge
  that night in the privacy of the guest's bedroom .  
It seemed she often went to South Africa, for a holiday and usually purchased
  African homeopathic medicines, but she had taken by a spur of the moment thought,
  went into a African voodoo shop, where she had purchased a quantity of fresh
  Baboon sperm.  
It now seems that many of the Aristocratic, and Minor Foreign Princesses,
  who had stayed overnight in her guest room. as well as Actresses and female
  Pop Stars, had purloined the exquisite early crafted Japanese masterpiece,
  to masturbate with. And looking for a sexual Buzz they in perversely injected
  themselves with the one-month old Baboon spunk mixed with hot pepper sauce.  
The Hostess got her kicks, watching her Posh chums and Show -Bis colleagues
  with a hidden camera ,writhe and squirm in passion as they played with themselves,
  usually on the top of the sheets as she kept the room very warm, .  
Then giggling to herself when she saw them press the button and the Pepper
  sauce started to make them squirm for a different reason.  
She could then watch her shocked Rich Chums and Old College Friends hobble
  around their Boudoir embarrassed and holding a burning cunt , horribly unknowingly
  they were also absorbing monkey cum into their loins . In the morning, none
  of the aristocratic young ladies admitted to using the device though most of
  them used the Bidet frequently during the morning.  
She confessed she did know which she enjoyed more . The thought of the pain
  of the pepper sauce searing their randy little cunts or the more horribly sophisticated
  joke that they had actually obscenely inserted into themselves powerful animal
  sperm.  
Fortunately or unfortunately for the Hostess sick sense of humour, none of
  her friends actually became pregnant with it, as the resulting birth would
  have definitely hit the headlines .  
All this took a long time to get the girl to confess to, but Ginene had plenty
  of time and just kept on moving the Japanese import in and out of the girls
  cunt, enjoying herself . Ginene had always been fascinated by a female's sexual
  organ. And this one especially, being contained in such little Slut's body
  so deserving of punishment,  
She was working hard to give her last orgasm, and enjoyed stimulating the
  girls tight hard little clitoris with her fingers as she Wanked the obscene
  dildo in and out of her begging cunt. Knowing that it was soon nothing would
  be capable of stimulating the gorgeous slim body it was part of  
As Ginene finally Wanked the captive young lady off, she took great delight
  in watching the Hostess's face as she triggered the dildo and watched as the
  Bitch on the bed felt the evil liquid filling her love tube with the strong
  smelling liquid, . Turning her also into a Baboon Lover . This produced a wail
  of horror from the young lady being masturbated and having to experiencing
  a orgasm for the last and final time.  
Ginene didn't care what her rival was feeling , serves her right. She knew
  she had set a steam time bomb in the Whore's vagina and waited to see the interesting
  result.  
She would be the only woman alive, who would ever have a Ape pregnancy, even
  if only for a short few seconds ..  
Leering at the high-class Call Girl at her mercy, she commented, that hoped
  she had enjoyed it as except for possibly one more, which would be extremely
  painful she would never ever again be using her cunt or any of her reproductive
  organs . A pity that her last filling of sperm had to have been from a Ape,
  but possibly it was justice  
She knew the spasm wouldn't be fatal as the womb was a very muscular container
  , and it would only last a few seconds but it would be an interesting after
  effects  
She then withdrew the instrument that had given the Hostess such mirth in
  the past and tenderly inserted the end of a funnel into the expensive Hookers
  cunt. Turning around , she picked up the stainless steel, copper based coffee
  pot, especially imported from America containing the now smoking olive oil
  and set to work  
She had her henchmen unbuttoned the Richman councillor's Italian silk blouse,
  decorated with its white and green butterflies and embroidered with sequins,
  and laid it carefully to one side exposing the Hostess's lightly suntanned
  Mammary glands .  
What are you doing, begged the captive Hostess.  
Ginene totally ignored her. Now was the time for action not talking  
Gently running her hands around the dark Aurora, she stimulated the girl
  so that her Nipples rose up hard and stiff .  
Like a good cook, Ginene felt it necessary to test the temperature of the
  oil before putting it to its purpose, .So holding one perfect tit steady, she
  dropped a tiny amounts on to one of the gibbering Sluts Nipples, quickly repeating
  the action with the other breast , as the Hooker lay desperately trying to
  move, writhing her chest. making her tits wobble and juggle, like a Egyptian
  belly dancer,.  
She knew she had got the temperature slightly wrong from the 170 degree Fahrenheit,
  that was recommended for searing Pork meat , as soon as the oil coated the
  Ladies Nipples, they boiled and quickly turned black.  
Putting the Virgin Oil on one side to cool a little, she spent her time,
  trying to give the girl another orgasm with her finger, she loved to play with
  captive girls sexual organs, and was a little annoyed she could not get to
  her anus.  
But as she had already explained to the young lady laying expectant on a
  extremely well padded couch before she had exposed her wedding tackle. It was
  quite possible that the oil would damage the membrane between her cunt and
  her back passage and possibly char it completely out. allowing the still scalding
  oil to seep out through her anus. Downgrading her to a cheap prostitute with
  one hole between her legs.  
However, she reassured her that they were making plastic dolls perfect these
  days.  
If she purchased one, she could replace it with a plastic anus and a vagina
  from it having it grafted into place, though it would be totally inert and
  useless.  
For some reason, this caused her subject to lapse into utter despair, but
  Ginene tried to cheer her up by saying, that if the worst came to the worst
  and her bottom and cunt did become united soon she would be able to shags a
  horse without discomfort.  
The wait for the oil to cool down had triggered a sudden memory flash of
  what she had meant to get the well-bred Whore to do.  
Walking over to an exquisitely carved mahogany glass-fronted wine cabinets,
  she carefully selected a fine hand-cut lead glass decanter. Walking back to
  the girl she gently poured the contents of fine malt whisky on to the carpet
  , which was definitely genuine Turkish silk, leaving a brown stain on the cream
  decorations. And proceeded to place it between the girls open legs.  
Saying, it has just occurred to me that when I apply the salad dressing,
  to your cunt, your immediate reaction will be to hunch up and piss yourself,
  and we can't have that happening in public, to a such well-bred Slut. It is
  such a embarrassing thing to happen to anyone.  
So I thought it was a good idea if you relieved yourself into this decanter,
  and as you are soon to be extremely dehydrated, maybe be a good idea to replace
  the salt to in your body by making you drink it. So, if you would happily oblige
  us, we can then get on anointing you with oil.  
I can't do that, she sobbed. Not in public, it's so humiliating to have someone
  watch you relieve yourself.  
That's exactly why I want to watch you do it.  
And to give her some encouragement she reached out with a finger and thumb
  and gripped the young Ladies pisser valve and rolled it between them. She was
  interested to see the organ go white and then start to bruise.  
The Hostess responded to this treatment with a yelping cry. . OK. OK. .  
Just wait a minute instructed Ginene while I positioned the decanter correctly,
  and made the Blonde Hostess wait a few seconds while she slipped it between
  her legs. Saying be a little careful , don't forget you are still wearing those
  very expensive leggings  
OK now young lady you can piss yourself in public we will all get great delight
  at your humiliation.  
The Hostess's hesitantly released the contents of her bladder so Ginene helped
  it on its way by pressing violently on her lower abdomen. Such was the force
  it came out at that most of it Ginene was able to catch it in the decanter
  but a lot of it made a wet streak down the side of her leg and she really pissed
  her pants.  
That was naughty of you she scolded, I thought we wanted to save these expensive
  designer trousers. .  
Never mind it also occurs to me that you haven't evacuated your bowels, and
  you must be desperate for a shit after all the excitement.  
The expensive millionaire's plaything, sobbed her humiliation. .You really
  are a bitch she spat out, knowing that she was bursting for a shit  
Naughty, Naughty less of that language, if you would like to oblige us by
  filling your pants with shit I can assure you we will be eternally grateful.  
Ginene was fulfilling one of her ambitions of thoroughly degrading an upper
  class icon.  
Well known at parties and by the press she was very popular with party hostesses,
  as she knew they knew they could always send any unwanted guys with sexual
  urges her way.  
Knowing she would take them home that night and for a fee fuck them, saving
  her any, scandal that might come from one of them finding their way into a
  female guest bedroom.  
The Hostess had many wealthy and influential friends some of them would have
  stayed over night and it possibly obscenely Wanked themselves off and filled
  themselves with Baboon sperm  
Many of her friends who included Posh Spice, Jordan and Liz Hurley were people
  who wanted to boast they had spent a night in a Courtesans Boudoir, and it
  was of course this upper-crust elite, that the expensive councillor had tricked
  into obscene Monkey business.  
Abusing her gave Ginene a great thrill  
I'll ask you once more to oblige us otherwise I will forced to unfortunately
  damage your exclusives dress-wear again and cut a slit a little lower under
  the last one, though it will possibly ruin the cut of your pants.  
This would be necessary though because I intend to give you a whisky enema
  to make you comply with my instructions. That will not only forced you to shit
  but will it sting out like hell as well. I hope that won't be necessary it's
  so unfortunate if I have to upset someone. So if you would oblige.  
Ginene watched her face as she strained at her bowels and grunted slightly,  
Bit bunged up are we with all his excitement grinned Ginene. And moved the
  pillows so that the girl's bottom was resting on slightly out of the way, allowing
  Ginene to see where the smooth line of the exquisitely tailored pants showed
  a faint hollow where the girls buttocks separated.  
Ginene watched mesmerised as that area bulged out confirming that the upper
  class Heiress had now shit in her pants.  
One more push commented Ginene. I don't want you constipated, and watched
  in girlish delight as a second even larger bulge appeared besides the first,
  making the once smooth line of the designer jeans, develop a ugly bulge.  
Ginene was delighted and reached down and deliberately squished the whole
  mass back into the upper class Trollop's crease and around her bottom so again
  the cream pants appeared nearly smooth again. .  
I really think they know that you have been a naughty girl shitting in your
  trousers like that at your age, don't you agree you need to be chastised for
  it.  
Please, Please no she said as Ginene produced an extremely whippy Ivory,
  leather-covered riding crop to which she was going to apply to this young Filly's
  bottom.  
Coming from such genteel stock, Kelly doubted whether she had even been spanked.
  Now she was going to feel across her rump exactly what it was like to be a
  Mare, ridden hard.  
Part two  
Concentrating on the shit-covered bottom of this decadent Filly, she let
  fly some 20 to 30 vicious cutting strokes.  
She couldn't get full-blooded full-length cuts to contact properly with the
  girl's rump, so concentrated using just the quirt to cut into a small area.  
By standing a little back and slashing under the girl's legs she could get
  the quirt to cut into the lower part of the girls neat tight thighs and buttocks.  
This had an interesting effect on the bowed young lady, making her howl and
  forcing her to react by her thrusting her thighs even more upwards towards
  the ceiling. Again making her look as if her red rude painted sex lips were
  trying to kiss the ceiling  
Several of the cuts were applied so strongly and with such venom, that they
  actually slashed her through the expensive Gucci pants she was wearing. Making
  the shit that was being squished around her buttocks ooze out slightly tinged
  with red  
Ginene knew it would be urgent for the young upper-class Tart to have to
  have her bottom cleaned and thoroughly disinfected before she got infection
  in those cuts and of course into the scalds she was about to introduce into
  the passage just above.  
I think the oil has just about reached the correct temperature commented
  Ginene. So, if you would like to swallow your medicine we will start your retirement
  process.  
With that, she had one of her henchmen hold the proud upper class Whore's
  head steady while the other forced opened her mouth.  
Ginene did not hesitate and pushed the cut-glass opening straight into her
  mouth and upended it.  
The young lady eyes bulged out of her head, but as Ginene knew she would,
  she swallowed her own piss, gagging and choking  
She then went to attend to the other end of her victim, leaving the cut-glass
  decanter wedged in her mouth, taking time to tape securely the decanter in
  place, which would deaden sound that came out of it.  
Ginene pushed the end of the expensive plastic Wine funnel into the Prim
  Whores cunt and picked up the Coffee pot of salad dressing. This time she dropped
  a tiny speck on to the girls pink tight clitoris, and watched as, it only went
  to a dark black before shrivelling.  
Ignoring the snivelling girls agonising muffled cries as she twisted and
  writhed on the bed in scalding agony. She decided that the oil was now correct
  for pouring and slowly upended the coffee pot into the funnel, as if pouring
  afternoon tea.  
She watched mesmerised as it slowly emptied into the now writhing Slut who
  uttered continuous muffled unearthly screeches. And agonisingly writhed and
  shook violently, making the massage table creak as her hips cavorted on their
  support of pure goose cushions. Making at least one of the her henchmen wish
  he had taken up the offer of using the offered cunt to relieve the lust he
  was now feeling  
So hot was the oil that the plastic funnel started to sink as it melted.
  As it slowly sank in upon itself. So it soft was it that it stuck to the Hostess
  well used, lightly shaved blonde cunt and completely sealed the orifice.  
Suddenly there was a muted hiss, and Ginene got the thrill of her life as
  her victim's stomach slowly rose.  
Putting her hand on it, she found was tight and firm and it trembled slightly
  under her touch as if alive. The upper-class call girl was now pregnant with
  a South African Baboon  
Suddenly there came a hiss from, from between the Ladies shit coated buttocks,
  and out of the extremely fine elasticised material of the pants came steam,
  confirming that this Hooker was no longer of any use at social parties. But
  would prove a great for stud for a horse  
Ginene was sensible enough to realise to realise that she could only do this
  sort of thing when she had absolutely no connection to the person she wanted
  to abuse  

To allow it to happen to Zoe or Kelly would only put her in jail. Plus thinking
  about it, maybe Zoe or Kelly deserved more than this  
Andy was back in the studio 45 minutes before the girls were due to arrive.
  He had arranged for a roving cameraman to attend and spent the rest of the
  time looking at the recordings of his initiation ceremony with the girls.  
Zoe definitely did not like getting emotionally involved with her punters,
  as was obvious by her reaction when he made her kiss and cuddle him  
And to mess with her mind he was going to make her be fully be involved emotionally
  in her coming multiple rape. Which is what she was essentially going have to
  suffer from him for the next one or two hours.  
Kelly liked to keep her composure, but was definitely distressed by any form
  of unnatural sex. She had been really upset when he had unexpectedly surprised
  her by buggering her tight little bottom. Something he had especially enjoyed,
  possibly more than smacking her backside  
For her he pulled out his collection of dildos and had laid on onside a three-way
  dildo. Designed to be it fitted into one female's cunt, while she rams the
  other ends in to another female, one up her arse the other filling in her cunt.
  Both being rubber they would flex and adapt to any size or shape of girl. Kelly
  would love the feel of its soft textile rubber pushing up both orifices  
As a bonus, all the three penises could be arranged to eject any form of
  liquid.  
He sent the cameraman around to one of Ginene's brothels, to collect the
  spent contraceptives still filled with punters sperm  
He was sure neither of the girls were on oral contraceptives as he had found
  a couple of packets of condoms in both of their bags. Ready obviously for a
  quick one-night stand.  
He knew Ginene had a good demand, but was unable to satisfy it, of guys who
  wanted to shag pregnant females. Also, guys who wanted to drink breast milk
  direct from the tit as they fucked the owner of the milk fountain. Maybe in
  six to nine months time Zoe or Kelly were going to find they filled a need.  
At exactly 6 o'clock, both girls turned up ready for work.  
The Zoe looked stunning wearing a pair of black tight trousers and a cream
  coloured top that plunged in the front, showing but not revealing her ample
  plump tits. Her black hair had been layered and framed her cute little face  
Kelly had gone for white, wearing a short skimpy mini-skirt that showed off
  her slim legs and caressed her bottom tightly. To complement that she was wearing
  mauve coloured top that clung tightly to her pert protruding tits. .  
Both were wearing dark eye make-up, and Kelly's lips were a slightly darker
  shade of a red compared to Zoe's. matching the state he knew the backsides
  would be after the audition  
Taking the two girls directly to the studio before he sat them down. He made
  the girls prove that they had shaved their cunts in front of the two cameramen,
  and checked with a caressing hand while the girls cringed in silence at his
  touch. With Kelly this was no problem but Zoe had to unzip her flies so he
  could grope around inside her knickers and he then had her pull them to one
  side so he could actually see she was hairless. The photographer took the opportunity
  to flash off a few shots  
He then made both girls remove their panties and threw them in the rubbish.
  It would be a long cold walk home for both of them, especially Kelly as the
  wind blew around her shaved and uncovered cunt.  
He then took time to explain the scenario of the video. Its being shot as
  a amateur video ,as if the punter had shot it from a concealed position with
  the two naive office girls/ whores girls not realising  
The first scene is you at the door of the House ringing the doorbell and
  waiting for it to be opened.  
The scene then cut to you inside negotiating with the man of the House, played
  by myself about exactly what you should do and how much you should be paid
  for.  
Then with all agreed you make your way to the bedroom where I will strip
  totally naked and lie at on the bed.  
From here, he is entirely in the hands of the two prostitutes played by you,
  for the total action.  
He has paid for complete sex from two girls with no input from himself. You
  have to completely run the show for one hour, after which time you can leave.  
Its up to you two girls to entertain me successfully for that one-hour otherwise
  you're only have earned half your money.  
In reality, if that happens both of you will get a damn good hiding with
  a strap and you will do another hour of it. Is that understood?  
The first shot went OK with the girls ringing the doorbell, and Andy took
  that time to taking close-ups the faces and the bodies of the two girls waiting
  to spread their legs. The nature of the shot making it look as if the girls
  were doing this authentically  
Again, on the indoor shot, he made sure the cameras picked up the fact that
  the girls were touting for money. This little video, was going to being on
  sale locally, confirming the locals suspicions that the girls were now defiantly
  prostitutes.  
Once back in the bedroom he left it to the girls to become organised. Kelly
  started it completely by stripping off watched by Andy as he lay naked his
  Dick rampant ,on the bed. Kelly started massaging the his back and ordering
  Zoe to undress and to sit down on the bed and commence kissing and stroking
  Andy's face.  
Andy started the first problem by grabbing hold of Zoe and rolling over and
  Kelly had no option but to go with it and massage Andy's back while Andy prepared
  to ram his Dick straight into Zoe's cunt.  
Zoe panicked at this emotional involvement and squeezed her legs together
  instinctively as Andy tried to open her legs ready to impale her on his erect
  Dick.  
Andy stopped the action stood up and grabbed a reluctant the Zoe by the hair.
  Within a short space of time, Zoe was having her bottom leathered with the
  strap. Six times Andy whacked her trim arse and six times, she yelped and squealed,
  As for the first time in her Young life, someone was properly smacking her
  deserving bottom.  
Resetting the camera, he got everybody back into roughly the same position
  and this time he was able to swing his body on to a now eager looking but still
  terrified Zoe and started shagging her.  
Her promised rape had begun  
Kelly keeping her cool, feeling exceedingly glad it wasn't her underneath
  getting it between the legs, having Dick rammed into her. She in spent time
  massaging his arse and gently fingering his anus as he humped the now squirming
  Zoe, her cunt at last getting it ration of male Dick.  
He humped quickly for about two minutes, but did not fill the girls sexual
  cavity with spunk , saving it.  
He then swung off the girl and gestured for Kelly to come and suck his Dick
  while he knelt on the bed and asked Zoe to come and massage the inside of his
  thighs and to caress his bottom from behind.  
Zoe now suddenly becoming interested after having her bottom soundly slapped,
  and realising she was going to get more. if she did not knuckle down Sensibly
  pushed the distress of being so horribly raped and leapt into action and continued
  to totally massage the back of Andy as his Dick was sucked and swallowed by
  Kelly.  
This time Kelly got the lot but she had to work hard as Andy again made her
  work and wait to get her mouth creamed  
Andy love to see a girl get frustrated, and kept muttering if he did not
  soon cum he would give her a dose of the strap to encourage her.  
Soon the newly instated Prostitute was gagging and spluttering as her mouth
  filled to the brim with his cum  
Knowing that the sound track on the video could be cut out he told Zoe to
  come and kiss Kelly fully on the mouth.  
Horrified Zoe balked at this action, and telling Kelly not to swallow, gave
  Zoe a second good hiding. He had not bothered to stop the cameras and told
  Zoe in no obscure manner, to get her lips around Kelly's inviting mouth and
  share his spunk.  
Zoe now had the incentive of a red and sore bottom to help her comply. However,
  her reluctance to even attempt to kiss Kelly was obvious and she positively
  heaved when she felt his left over sperm trickle into her mouth.  
The scene continued with Andy putting the girls into many of the Karma Sutra
  positions and getting the roving camera to take close ups of the girls cunt
  being rammed by his Dick. He also took great pleasure in reaming both the girls'
  backsides many times, not always coming his lot,  
However, the Viagra he had taken earlier kept him Ram Rod hard, and when
  he did eventually cum it was in a torrential flood. Both girls were kept fully
  employed while he rammed his Dick into various orifices, sometimes complemented
  by big black dildos. The girls defiantly earn't their money and knew the action
  would condemn them for good in the eyes of those who saw the video  
Andy he knew that a lot of his time after the video would be a downloading
  individual shots for turning into photographs. He knew many of the men in the
  square would enjoy purchasing them to gloat over.  
After about 70 minuets of making the girls show their wares being well used,
  he decided to let Kelly have her head or precisely make Zoe give head to Kelly.  
Positioning Kelly on the bed on her back, with her legs bent back over her
  head showing all her sexual bits.  
He made Zoe approach Kelly and stand above her looking down at her face,
  peering up at her between her open legs and gently massage her sexual organs.
  Then producing a huge black dildo, he instructed Zoe to gently insert it into
  Kelly's once whoring cunt.  
Zoe was appalled, and revolted. Andy had to threaten her with the strap,
  as she very reluctantly stepped forward and gingerly, almost with her eyes
  closed, forced herself, first to lightly kiss Kelly's cunt before inserting
  the black dildo into her bisexual friends cunt. She hated every second of it  
The sheer size of the dildo stopped Kelly enjoying being masturbated by her
  friend as she felt her love tube stretched almost to bursting.  
The camera caught a slight trickle of blood from the edge of the orifice
  as it stretched beyond its normal capacity.  
He made Zoe lean forwards between Kelly's upturned legs and kiss her face.
  kissing her bisexual friend fully on the lips, and making sure that Kelly responded
  by putting her tongue deep into Zoe's mouth. He could see from her eyes that
  this was definitely exciting Kelly.  
You could see their revulsion in Zoe's eyes as he also instructed Kelly to
  finger Zoe's cunt as she kissed her.  
He then had the dildo removed and Zoe was sternly told to stroke and lick
  Kelly's brown anus, and massage her tongue deep into Kelly's shaven cunt.  
As the Zoe bent forward, Andy stood up from where he was watching the action
  and bringing with him the Vaseline gently greased the dark-haired thief called
  Zoe. Zoe jerked in surprise, then accepted the inevitable and allowed her anus
  to be invaded  
While Kelly was on her back having her cunt licked and fondled and filled
  with the Zoe's tongue, the owner of that tongue was having her shit tube filled
  with Andy's Dick.  
Making both girls continue their caressing and showing love for each other,
  he continued to ram Zoe up her tight little back passage. Her magnificent Tits
  wobbling in time with Andy as he rammed her up the arse.  
Zoe had tears trickling down her face, and Andy knew that they were tears
  of desperation and humiliation as she was forced into a sexual act with a lesbian.
  As well as having the humiliation of being bum fucked.  
The fact that she knew that lesbian as a friend only made it more personal,
  which was just what Andy wanted.  
Getting the girls to separate he stopped the action and had the cameraman
  bring in the unusually shaped dildo and the bag of used condoms. He made the
  two girls spend time splitting them open and squeezing the contents into the
  two tubes of the two parallel rubber penises.  
Both Zoe and Kelly looked at on with horror and disgust at the obscene mass
  they assumed would soon be sloshing around in side of at least one of them,
  each desperately hoping it wouldn't be them. What they did not know was that
  the chamber feed all three not the two they thought  
Starting the action he picked Zoe to pick up the double-headed dildo and
  insert the third, separate shaft into her own cunt, the relief on her face
  when she realised she was going to get the none working female end was comic.  
She then had to move a lever that made the dildo expand and stick inside
  her. He then had Kelly move from the bed and bend over the end of it, waiting
  expectantly for her arse and cunt to be simultaneously expanded.  
Andy did not know of any girl who actually had enjoyed having this double
  dildo forced into them. It expanded both parallel tubes inside them and made
  it extremely uncomfortable and nearly painful.  
Kelly's expression as she waited to be impaled was a sight to see, her face
  had crumpled nearly into misery and her whole body shook from shock.  
Her attitude was one of being defiled. She was absolutely sure and was correct
  that she was going to get her cunt and anus, not only reamed out but get all
  that second hands cum filling injected into her, along with any infections
  and diseases  
Zoe, who had now been told to put her hand on Kelly's bottom and to thrust
  forward her hips in a parody of lovemaking, was clearly distressed. When she
  had done as she was told and was now manipulating the two dildos' in and out
  of Kelly's flesh. Andy again greased Zoe anus and while Zoe pushing her hips
  backwards and forwards, he entered her anus, moving in time with the female
  rapist . Which Zoe was  
All Andy had to do was to stand, and be Wanked off. He made the two girls
  continue their love-making which went on for many minutes until he had shot
  his lot, in to Zoe anus  
After climaxing, he reached forward and triggered the two springs that would
  force the many types of second hand sperm up Kelly's anus and cunt. Kelly felt
  it squirt inside her and wailed in despair . The shock on Zoe face when she
  got her completely unexpected share almost made her breakdown in hopelessness.  
Commanding Zoe to keep pumping in the slimy spunk, into Kelly and herself.
  He then produced the leather strap he had used so effectively earlier. And
  soundly slapped the leather first on Zoe backside then turning sideways he
  affected a downward stroke on to Kelly's upraised buttocks until both girls
  were squirming in pain. But Zoe still had to ream out the intestines and love
  tube of the Kelly.  
The large quantities of sperm that had been injected into Kelly lower orifices
  squeezed out covering both of the girl's thighs with a thick coating of come.
  Zoe remained solidly inside her unable to squeeze around the solidly locked
  in stump in her cunt  
Andy made sure that he had roving camera took in all the perverted actions
  of the two girls, and with a little editing it would be possible to make it
  appear that the girls were loving it.  
Though Andy would keep the original to show it to selected clients who love
  to see beautiful women being mentally and physically abused.  
The video now over he now told the girls to get dressed and go home, but
  first he went into the office and showed them erasing a bit of the damming
  video he had blackmailed them with as payment and to give them a false sense
  of hope. He then showed them the door not even allowing them to wash or clean
  themselves before putting on their cloth over semen covered limbs.  
As he watched them walk down the street he could see that Kelly would have
  to be careful walking home as any slight wind would show any passer by that
  she had been well shagged that night. Her short skirt failing miserably to
  cover the wetness running down her inner thighs  
Kelly's dark pants showed up the wetness from the cum that had run down her
  legs also advertising to the world's that she had recently engaged in sexual
  activity.  
As it was now just after 12 o'clock both girls had to pass many lads coming
  out from the pub and then partaking of a hot Indian curry. Several of the guys
  whistling at the shamed girls and offering to add some more to that which was
  running down the inside of her thighs.  
Kelly was particularly unlucky as the wind had come up, several times her
  tiny Mini skirt blew up in the wind showing that not only was spunk still dribbling
  between her legs. But her tiny neat backside had obviously recently had plenty
  of attention from someone who not only likes to screw a girl's backside but
  also like to introduce pain to the same area.  
Because they were shamefully hurrying home together, all the lads in his
  street also correctly assumed that the delightful gorgeous Zoe was now totally
  committed to being on the game.  
While this was not strictly, true. Andy was working hard to make it so but
  that did not stop some of the local lads trying to book a quickie. By the time
  and the girls had got home all the square was a buzz with the scandalous details
  of their night out,  
Some said both of them had had sex with a couple of blacks, others said that
  the girls were obviously on the game.  
The first part Andy knew was correct, the second part about the blacks would
  be true very soon.  
Chapter 3  
Andy and Ginene worked hard at getting the script and the props ready for
  the main video.  
Andy was working to make the whole video a success Ginene was planning to
  give the girls Zoe and Kelly the most humiliating and painful experience of
  their young lives. By the time she had finished with them, their lives would
  have been totally devastated  
She had wormed that out of Andy the whole story and had already heard of
  the rumours about the girl's late return last night.  
By the time she had finished with them, the girl's reputation would be in
  tatters and everybody would know that they had tried to thieve a large amount
  of money but kept the fact they had had suffered substantial retribution quieter.
  Preferring people thinking it was all voluntary. In trying to get away with
  their Punishment, they had allowed themselves to be captured on video having
  sex for money with Andy. And in doing so, the two girls had prostituted themselves
  in the worst possible way  
The East end with it its tight communities was a bit like the old villages,
  they loved the scandal and hypocritically shunned anybody involved in sexual
  depravity  
The fact that the girls were known to have allowed their cunt's to be serviced
  and Gang bang to stop them going to prison condemn them to all the square.  
Ginene was not only arranging a video session she was arranging for the long-term
  misery of the girls who had so humiliated her in the past.  
While Andy was out arranging cameras and cameramen, this was a little difficult,
  as he couldn't go to a normal at agency. Ginene was shopping for props for
  the girls to endure and certainly not enjoy  
While she was unable to arrange, at such short notice, a stud dog to service
  both the girls. She was able to purchase from a friendly butcher who was also
  a punter two pigs penis complete with ball bags still containing liquid pig
  sperm.  
She knew that just the sight of them would terrify and horrify them. To be
  seen on video agreeing to prostitute themselves was bad enough. But then to
  be seen cavorting on a bed with close ups of their cunts being serviced turned
  them in the minds of the people of the square into blatant Whore's. But then
  to allow themselves to be used in bestial movies accepting penetration of a
  dead pigs penise was not only gross it was perverted  
And that it wouldn't be all the kinky butcher had kindly arranged. Now by
  simply squeezing the ball bags the contents, now slightly decomposing would
  be injected into the young ladies baby making cavities.  
She was sure it could be arraigned that the same fate would befall both the
  girls anuses straight after. .  
And hearing her about the Gangbang video the girls had agreed to do, she
  arranged for two black studs she knew to attend. Both guys had extremely thick
  and long Dicks, which several of her girls had complained about, being extremely
  uncomfortable to accommodate Kelly and Zoe would be getting them for about
  four hours by the time the video was finished the two girls cunts would be
  as loose as a old Hags..  
The next evening the soon to be Gang bang young ladies Kelly and Zoe presented
  themselves extremely miserably and frightened at the door of the strippers
  club Andy had hired for the night. Stipulating that the girls had to wear short
  mini-skirts, but no underwear at all.  
The bus ride to the club had been a total nightmare. Kelly did not have too
  much a problem with her top, but Zoe found that her breasts kept on moving
  about on her chest and at one point slipped out of her blouse.  
She certainly did not enjoy the cold leather seats in the bus as it reminded
  her too much of the leather strap she knew she was going to experience as a
  sideline from Andy. Zoe knew Andy loved using it on her and was expecting to
  get several doses during the night.  
Kelly was slightly more confident, she had already set her mind back three
  years to when she used to spread her legs for fun and already had begun to
  accept the fact that maybe she could earn more money in the vice trade.  
She would definitely have to move away from the square, as people had pointedly
  ignored her or past insulting comments her way here today.  
She was sure Andy would help her, he had also fancied her in the past, and
  she wishes she had not been so quite so cool with him. With a little female
  guile, she might even end up his girlfriend.  
Little did she realise that her fate was soon to be, hanging totally naked,
  bent over, three foot from the floor her legs dangling uselessly, Held suspended
  by a strop around her waist. Lifted off the ground so her head and tits hung
  down one side of the lifting strop, and her neat little arse, and sexual organs
  exposed on the other, her legs held apart with a leg stretcher. The whole thing
  being supervised by Ginene, while Andy watched fascinated as Zoe was forced
  naked into a old type birthing chair. Her legs raised into the slings at the
  side exposing her juicy cunt, and a little lower down her tight little Brown
  button. Sitting as she was with her legs wide open she could stare over her
  proud tits at her cunt, which was blatantly exposed .  
Such was the position both girls would be in, their buttocks would be available
  to feel the stinging touch of Ginene corporal punishment instruments as well
  as being totally unable to protect their sexual organs from terrible sexual
  abuse.  
Arriving at the club two girls felt fear and trepidation as they walked down
  the dark alley to the club entrance. They knew they were in rough district
  and dressed as they were as cheap tarts, they felt very be vulnerable.  
They were correct in their fears, when a drunk stumbled out of the shadows
  and started to paw and grope Zoe in a very aggressive fashion, demanding that
  she let him fuck her.  
He followed up his aggressive speaking by sliding his hand under Zoe's Mini
  skirt and fondling her pussy and one finger slipped into her crutch. Zoe froze
  terrified, letting the guy continue to finger fuck her for several seconds,
  scared of being thrown to the floor and raped.  
Kelly again came to Zoe's rescue by aggressively hitting the guy hard in
  the groin. Both girls ran clattering on their high heels to the club entrance.  
There they were met by Andy who had already briefed the guys . Telling them
  that the girls coming were highly sexually motivated Submissive who enjoyed
  being made to do dirty sex. They certainly did not want to feel any consideration
  from the guys and wanted to feel that they had no choice but to obey their
  submissive instincts.  
Taking the girls into the men's toilet, where all the guys were standing,
  waiting as ordered with their penis hanging out of their trousers he introduced
  them.  
None of the guys were in the slightest bit young and attractive as the girls
  had hoped and two of the blacks were old and ugly, the only thing going for
  them was most of them had an erection.  
Kelly particularly noticed that the Negroes had enormously fat and long pricks,
  and panicked at the thought of having to accommodate it between her legs.  
He made the girls stand in front of them, on the tiled floor and introduced
  them using their real names. This is Kelly and Zoe, and to demonstrate their
  submissive nature, he stood behind Zoe and cuddled her thighs, lifting the
  front of her mini-skirt, so all the guys could see what was happening and gently
  thrust his finger into Zoe's dry cunt.  
It was obvious to the guys watching that Zoe was grimacing in discomfort
  as Andy finger fucked her in front of them. But she stood as he had said she
  would and let it continue without any protest. He made sure of that, by whispering
  in her ear to keep still and gently smile, otherwise you will be feeling a
  slipper smacking your bum.  
Zoe obliged by smiling feebly at the guys watching her being reamed out so
  publicly.  
Andy had deliberately chosen the men's toilet as a meeting place, as he knew
  the girls would feel awkward, uncomfortable, and perverted being in a unthinkable
  room. He wanted them disadvantaged right from the start.  
Beckoning to one of the ugly black guys, he got him to replace himself fingering
  and stimulating Zoe while he picked a big fat guy to put his hand under Kelly's
  skirt, telling him to caress, and rub her Venus mound. Encouraging him to put
  his other hand around her bottom, rub the skin of her bum, and poke a finger
  into Kelly's arse crack.  
Zoe was the first to feel the touch of the slipper he had brought with him.
  he encouraged a big black American to kiss and cuddle Zoe while still fingering
  her, as he put his tongue into her throat, Zoe reacted by twisting, shouting,
  and struggling to get free.  
Andy acted instantly, by grabbing hold of her by the hair and forcing her
  to the ground until she went quiet.  
He then made her stand legs together in a attention pose, arms tightly by
  her side while he tucked up the rear of her skirt and applied six solid whacks
  to her gorgeous sexy backside.  
Zoe took it like a trooper, as she knew she had to, only bucking forward
  but resuming her position. The only sign that she was hurt was the hunching
  of her shoulders, and the screwing up of her face in pain. Zoe was starting
  her main punishment  
He then told her to cuddle and kiss the Negro and respond by putting her
  tongue down his throat. Even Andy was surprised to see that she complied so
  readily. Then it was time for group cuddles.  
After each of the guys had, had a grope and a good feel around the girl's
  sexually erotic areas. He made the girls drop to their knees and give each
  of the guys a vigorous blowjob.  
This took at least 20 minutes for all the guys to spunk into the both girl's
  mouths. Andy got a little bored and eyed up Kelly's bottom, judging just how
  much he could soundly spanked her before she started to bruise. Not that he
  wasn't really worried now, as if the girls were lightly marked for tomorrow's
  video it wouldn't matter as the girls were unknowingly not going home but would
  be spending the night in Ginene Brothel  
He had been persuaded by her to do the video by night, which would leave
  her day free to do a little vengeance taking on the to the young ladies bodies.  
Andy had to tell her to go easy as he was worried that if the police found
  they had had to have hospital treatment, the whole sordid affair might come
  out.  
Don't worry soothed Ginene. It is all in hand. I have had a good offer of
  work for both of them from client's abroad, who would like to nurture and develop
  their talents. Once it gets out in the Square and it will, that the two girls
  have been whoring, they will be glad to get away.  
I have arranged for them to be put on a overnight sailing for the Continent
  . Two friends of mine are at this moment emptying Kelly's and Zoe's flat, and
  taking their passports, making it look as if they had panicked and run.  
Oh good replied Andy, it would be a little relief to see them out of the
  square . I am sure soon enough someone local will purchase a video and all
  hell will break loose  
Time to take the girls into the main club and for the girls to be stripped
  naked. .  
He had two of the guys pin Kelly on her knees one gripping her neck, while
  two of her clients picked up her legs and carried the girl into the bar area.  
Zoe was treated to similar treatment, both girls desperately tried to allow
  it to happen without too much struggling. But Zoe realising she was about to
  be gang raped had great difficulty in acting as if it was all normal and had
  to be dragged struggling to her fate  
She was the first on the table as her reaction had excited the guys. The
  two guys holding her quickly ripped off her, clothes, so she was stark naked.
  And there was almost a fight for which of the two stood between her slightly
  open legs and the rammed his cock into her cunt. A tall thin guy of about 35
  with a ramrod Dick won and raped the struggling Zoe while the loser leered
  at her as he held her arms tight on the hard top of the Formica bar table  
Kelly was a little longer before she was being sexually attended to, she
  being a little more sensible. Realising to struggle only inflamed the guys
  rampant lust she spoke tenderly to her rapist, cajoling them to be gentle with
  her as her guys held her arms while she was upright, stripping her naked while
  still standing.  
It was only then that she got it, being pulled to a nearby table and quickly
  laid on her back. One of the guys pulling open her legs and started to stimulate
  his penise using her cunt, urged on by the other guys shouting "Go on boy,
  Give it to her"  
The guys had been specifically told not to think of the girl's feelings,
  and had paid big money on that basis, to act out of instinct, only being careful
  that they did not cause the girls any physical injury.  
Within three minutes both of the girls had had, their cunt's creamed and
  the next guy was standing between their legs. To give the guys waiting something
  to do, he encouraged them to kiss and cuddle the girl's upper half while they
  lay on their backs being reamed out.  
He had warned the girls that they were to keep their her lower body totally
  inert while they were being shagged. But whispered in their ear that they were
  in serious trouble if they did not respond fully with the top part of their
  body, while the guys were sucking her tits and kissing her.  
Kelly was the next to feel the touch of a strap tickling her firm taut buttocks.
  She had not responded sufficiently when being kissed so when the next guy had
  finished creaming her cunt, he had her legs raised over her head, and her bottom
  received the obligatory twelve hard slaps of the slipper. Kelly yelled her
  pain and soon got the message  
She was then made to resume her position and warned that he wanted to see
  more positive reaction from her. If a guy had the decency to lick out her throat,
  she must respond by pushing back and pushing her tongue deep down his.  
Kelly found it exceedingly difficult to lay inert from the waist downward,
  while someone fucked her like a plastic doll. And at the same time be sexually
  active from the waist up, acting like a little trollop, groping and getting
  sexually excited.  
Andy knew both of the girls would have trouble with this, that for them to
  respond to the guy is groping, would make them feel dirty, used, and perverted.
  Just what he wanted them to feel.  
By the time, the night was over these two newly instated Whores would be
  feeling total disgust at their behaviour and feeling totally vile and disgusted.  
Wanting to move things on he had the more glamorous of the two young ladies
  he had brought that night, the innocent 19 year old Zoe, turned on to her face
  so she was bent over one side of the table and her head hung over the other
  side  
He then encouraged one of the Negroes with the longest Dick to ram Zoe up
  the arse while he sent the other big black guy to her head, to receive head.
  Zoe had shown abject horror when interviewed, that someone could even possibly
  contemplate doing something so horrible to her. Now she forced herself to accept
  it.  
Within five minutes, Kelly joined her on the same table and they lay side
  by side having their digestive systems pumped full of different flavoured spunk
  from both ends.  
Andy to keep himself occupied, in between the guys ramming her arse, applied
  several lots of corporal punishment, to the girl's bottoms.  
Many of the guys were slackening off, so he called a halt, for refreshments.
  While the guys were drinking beer, he provided entertainment, by making both
  girls touch their toes on the stage in front of them.  
Picking up an empty beer bottle from the bar he then preceded to insert into
  Zoe's pussy, and in front of the watching punters, fucked her with it, after
  a short time her anus got the same treatment.  
Kelly's bottle fucking followed, but first she was made to clean the bottle
  neck in her mouth before she was subjected to having it forced, as far as it
  would go into her vagina.  
He made Zoe stand to one side, and take over from him once he had given Kelly
  a couple of hard Rams of the bottle into her cunt.  
Zoe's hands trembled a little as she had to ream out her bisexual friend
  and nearly got a spanking when told to fondle and caress Kelly's dangling tits.  
She was then ordered to move the bottle into Kelly's anus, and stimulate
  her cunt with her fingers. The bottle going in as her fingers came out and
  her fingers penetrating her friend as she relieved the pressure in her anus.  
He made the two girls perform for a good 10 to 15 minutes before making the
  girls kiss and make up,  
He noticed Kelly took full advantage of the situation and fully groped and
  stuck her tongue deep into Zoe's sensual mouth. Zoe's body language showed
  disgusts and revulsion at her friend taking advantage of her.  
As a result, Andy had Kelly take Zoe and put her over her lap for a sound
  naughty girl spanking. To reinforce the message, and Kelly did not take much
  persuading, the he had her fumbling and massaging her clitoris and pushing
  her fingers up her crack as she lay over her lap. Zoe's bottom stinging from
  the hiding she was getting. Showing her lust and attraction for her attractive,
  but straight female friend, before soundly beating her friend's bottom with
  the slipper.  
The guys watching got the distinct impression that Kelly was chastising Zoe,
  not out of love but frustrated lust.  
Getting the guys back into action after watching the lesbians, play was not
  that difficult.  
To start them off, he had Zoe laid on her back on the stage, and forced her
  legs back over her head. So that from above her shaven pussy and tight little
  but now none Virgin anus were open for inspection.  
He had one guy lay sideways across her face and ram his Dick into her open
  mouth, while one guy straddled her back legs. And inserted his cock into her
  wet and slippery vagina, while the third guy stood at the back of her and rammed
  his cock into her Anus. Zoe was getting first hand experience that three way
  shagging was possible  
Such was the degradation and self-pity, that Zoe was now feeling about the
  dirty and disgusting things she was actively participating in that, she started
  to feel mentally excited at the way she was being used. Even when she thought
  about the way Kelly had acted towards her, she wasn't so completely and utterly
  revolted.  
When she thought about Kelly putting her tongue into her vagina and licking
  and stimulating her, she did not blame her but Andy for forcing her to do it.
  And realise that possibly having sex with a another woman could be exciting  
Kelly found the same thing happening to her, when she was spanking and thrusting
  her fingers erotically in and out of her friend's lustful body. She knew her
  friend was being defiled by her actions and got slightly excited.  
When it was her turn to take on three guys at once, this feeling grew and
  she felt quite proud of herself being able to take such erotic Punishment.  
One by one, the guys burnt themselves out, even the Viagra and ecstasy they
  had taken not keeping their Dicks rampant.  
Soon he was at the bar with the guys drinking the last beer. As an encore
  he made Zoe lay on her back with her legs open and in the air, getting two
  guys to hold them up. He then commanded Kelly to upend a full bottle of beer
  into Zoe's cunt, letting the fluid pour into Zoe's interior. When it was full
  he had the bottle removed, and watched the surplus fluid overflow onto Zoe's
  tight slim belly.  
He then made Zoe ask Kelly to drink from her cunt, and when the lustful lesbian
  obliged with vigour. He had to have the other guys to gently squeeze and stimulate
  her breasts while a third guy gently kissed her on the lips, with a enthusiastic
  French deep and penetrating kiss.  
Zoe's body went into panic at all this disgusting, dirty perverted sex, she
  struggled to move her head away from the disgusting thing that was ramming
  down her throat. Andy had to get to guys to hold her arms, while the lesbian
  at her cunt enjoyed herself sucking and licking her favourite friends sexual
  orifice.  
Andy made the struggling Zoe's endure this revolting and disgusting sexual
  practices, while he remembered the disdain he had got from the girl when she
  was first employed and he had tried to get into her knickers.  
While he always had a working relation with the girl, Zoe had always been
  exceedingly stand offish and had rejected his advances time and time again.
  Now he was having his revenge.  
To finally finish off the evening and get enjoyment from the night. he informed
  the guys that the girls like to feel appreciated, and the best way to do that
  was to put them over there knee and spank their hot little bottoms.  
He asked the punters to arrange eight chairs in a line and had the girls
  present their bottoms over the first guys lap, ready to receive a naughty girls
  spanking.  
Once the first girl had been spanked enough to satisfy Andy. She got to her
  feet and moved along to the next and the action was repeated.  
Andy was interested to note that some of the guys treated the girls with
  respect only lightly pinking their bottoms. However, most of the guys treated
  the girls with the contempt they deserved for acting with such licentious abandonment.  
These guys really lammed into the girl's backsides with the slipper, that
  at one point Zoe's fell onto the floor in her agony. Her backside was soft
  and fleshy and the pain really affected her mind. Kelly on the other hand with
  a firm pert bottom was able to stand the stinging slaps a little better.  
Nevertheless, at the end both of the girls were crying bitterly as they stood
  in front of Andy who gave them a lecture about being so wanton females. Saying
  that the evening was now over. But the girls would wait around for 15 min in
  case any of the guys still wanted a private fuck  
Kelly was dribbling spunk from anus and shaven pussy, while Zoe dribbled
  stale beer from her shaven cunt.  
The girls stood up as Andy returned and gave them a towel to cover themselves
  up.  
Andy then showed the guys to the door leaving the completely distressed and
  demoralised girls to sit on a chair weeping in corner, wriggling from time
  to time as their sore bottoms made it difficult to sit. Waiting to see if they
  had any guys returning to take up Andy's offer. However such was the good job
  the girls had done, thankfully none did.  
But were dismayed when the two camera men, who had taken so much trouble
  to record the two girls sexual exploits in detail and close up, did. They had
  worked well several times poking the lens of the video camera into the girl's
  cunt to show that they had actually received an ejaculation.  
They wanted some action, so being a generous kind of guy he told them one
  could have both girls for &frac12; hour on the billiard table while the other
  cleared up. And left then to the guys tender mercy's and went for a meal in
  the local caf&eacute;, only saying be careful as both girls had another vid
  to do tomorrow.  
The two girls were distraught and as Andy left he saw one of the guys grab
  Zoe and very violently tie Zoe hands behind her back while the other guy dragged
  Kelly struggling to the billiard Table by her hair. Both young ladies were
  about to experience real rape.  
When he came back, both girls were well distressed having had a substantial
  taste of real S&amp;M. It seems that both girls had been laid out and tied
  spread-eagled on the table side by side. And while one got a tennis bat used
  on their Tits the other one was raped, and both girls had received minor cigarettes
  burns in tender places just as Andy had suspected, they would.  
Without any supervision both girls had, had a hard time. it was only the
  fact that the girls still had a important vid to do that her capturers had
  not given both girls a real violent thrashing with the billiard cues but as
  a compensation both girls had got the thick end rammed into their cunts.  
It was then Andy informed them of the change of plans. Thanking them for
  a good show he said. As it was only eight o'clock, he was going to take them
  in his car to the place where they would do their next video, and there they
  could take a shower.  
So do not put your clothes on and ruin them, it's warm in the car. Just wrap
  these towels around you, until we can get you to that shower  
Unknown to them Ginene had plans to hose them down with a garden hose. Andy
  smiled to himself, as he knew exactly where Ginene would want to place the
  nozzle in the two girls.  
He explained that it was a good three hours drive away so they could kip
  in the back of his car on the way down. Then they could take an invigorating
  shower to revive them for the coming video. Better to get it all done with
  in one night. Rather than having to stay through the day and have to service
  extra clients.  
It was much better to catch a quick nap in the car, they could then, have
  a shower and a rest and by doing the video during the night, they could be
  home in their beds, by about 10 o'clock in the morning without having to serve
  all day in the dungeon  
He ushered them still naked into the back of his car and kindly covered them
  with a blanket. Kelly feeling eternally grateful gave him a quick peck on his
  cheek in an attempt to gain favour with him and show her sexual attraction
  towards him.  
Andy grinned to himself at her blatant attempts to worm her way into his
  favours. He wasn't remotely interested in her now as a person, after seeing
  her being rammed in all orifices by guys who only wanted to come their lot
  inside her,  
He had only contempt, for both of the girls who had shown they had absolutely
  no morals, and had obeyed their instincts like animals.  
He'd only interest now was seen how Ginene was going to revenge herself on
  two hypocritical girls who had slagged her off when she had been a respectable
  working girl.  
Being a Whore had far more dignity than that these girls are in their panic
  to escape prison had allowed themselves to experience.  
Knowing Ginene, these young ladies would be gibbering, shattered shells of
  themselves when she sold them to the overseas buyers. Serves them right for
  being so greedy.  
He had absolutely no sympathy for their coming fate, and in fact was looking
  forward with interest to observing their total destruction as rational human
  beings. He had heard that Zoe was going to the Ukraine to work ,Kelly was to
  be used by Arabs  
He knew the contempt that Arabs showed towards ladies without morals and
  certainly was glad he was not in Zoe's shoes as that trim young body would
  be subject to almost continual sexual abuse as the Ukrainians had an especially
  cruel way with women they despised. It was from that area most of the violations
  of human rights had come in recent years.  
Women and girls they loved to torture  
Both of the girls would be very lucky to see five more birthdays before they
  were dumped in an anonymous dirt grave somewhere in the outback. Knowing the
  Ukrainians it was quite possible that the once pretty brunette teenage temptress
  called Zoe would be thrown alive to starving dogs, so they could tear and devour
  her wretched body.  
Andy would love to see those delicious plump tits being chewed by the dogs
  while Zoe screamed continually in agony as another snacked on her crutch.  
The girls settled down quickly into an exhausted sleep, not that the action
  had been particularly physically demanding, except for the end but the girls'
  minds had tired.  
But a couple of ecstasy tablets and a couple of large whiskies besides the
  stimulating shower they would soon be experiencing would soon get them eager
  to go in the next video.  
After driving for a couple of hours, he stopped in a lay-by for a piss, and
  as a wicked afterthought open the rear door and gently pissed on the sleeping
  girls.  
Both girls stirred in their sleep and Kelly unfortunately rolled over slightly,
  opened her mouth so Andy took up the offer of the opportunity, and urinated
  in Kelly's now open mouth. So mentally tired was she that she instinctively
  swallowed, then turned her head and went back to sleep.  
Turning the stream of piss on to Zoe. He urinated in her hair and onto her
  delectable well propositioned breasts, knowing that the girls would wake up
  wondering why they were wet.  
Once they were imprisoned in the cellar dungeon at Ginene House he would
  enlighten them and show his contempt for them by emptying this time a full
  bladder inside their vile contemptible bodies while they lay bound and inert
  feeling it gush down their throat and into their bellies.  
Part 4  
It was just 11 o'clock when he drew up outside Ginene brothel and S&amp;M
  house.  
The Gently waking in the girls he wiped up the surplus liquid still wetting
  their faces with the blanket, apologising for leaving the window open slightly
  when it had rained. Neither of the girls noticed that the night was warm and
  dry.  
Once the girls were safely inside he led them down to the cellar and took
  them into the large torture chamber  
Soon they were safely in and looking with trepidation at some of the instruments
  that were hanging including ropes, suspension looks, and a wall rack of vicious
  looking straps and canes.  
The dildos and sexual penetration tools Ginene had thoughtfully locked away.  
Getting the girls to sit on leather stalls, he left them to wake up properly
  from their sleep.  
After about five minutes, time for the girls to start feeding extremely agitated.
  As they inspected a particularly nasty leather covered, Ivory riding crop,
  the steel lined door opened and Ginene presented herself. The girls started
  to their feet at her entrance and gasped at her presence.  
Ginene who noticing what they were looking at, commented, that. Yes, it was
  an interesting piece of equipment, which of them would like to feel it across
  their arse first.  
Both girls giggled, totally unsure whether Ginene was joking or not  
They knew Ginene from old as a vicious demented person, who had never a good
  word for anybody and love to sink her vicious claws into anybody she could
  find.  
I am to be your mistress in his forthcoming video she sadistically informed
  them. I hope you are up to the standard that I require otherwise I may have
  to attend to your disgusting, shameful bodies in a way you might find uncomfortable.  
Andy tells me you are to be my two slaves in a video. I hope I come up to
  your expectation.  
Both Zoe and Kelly were absolutely horrified at and terrified that this vicious
  young lady was going to be their mistress in the video.  
And Zoe was all for stopping it there and then. Andy told them, he hadn't
  known himself and that Ginene was all he could get at short notice.  
He would stay and make sure that nothing to outrageous happen to them. This
  seemed to satisfy Kelly and she was able to convince Zoe to stay  
And he said that you are desperately needing a shower so if you would step
  this way, as she opened a door into the shower room I will have you are tended
  to by one of my handmaidens.  
As I have a whole place covered by the cameras, we are going to start the
  video as from now, and in about an hour I will have several punters coming
  in to a private party.  
We should be finished by about four, and then you can relax and sleep. we
  are open again about 12 o'clock mid- day, still keeping up the pretence that
  the girls were here to do a video then going home  
The girls trembling with fear now, tried to appease Ginene by thanking her
  for her hospitality and foolishly removed the towel coverings and entered the
  shower room.  
Not that it would have done them any good to resist. They were safely locked
  away 10 ft underground, all it would have brought would have been painful punishment.
  but it would spoilt some of Ginene's expectation as she wanted the girls to
  have hope that sometime they could go home  
Ginene wasn't into violence beatings and mutilations, she was much more subtle
  than that.  
She knew the way to terrify a girl was to talk to her gently and use persuasion
  and fear to get a girl to present her body to be subjected to humiliating sexual
  perverted ordeals.  
And gently persuade the girl that it was in her own interest for her to allow
  her body to experience the many painful instruments being applied to it and
  into it. Only if they did not co-operate would they be forced then it would
  be a far worse for them as there was no way out of the dungeon except by using
  the key she had.  
Only if necessary would a girl be forcibly restrained and soundly punished.  
Her normal procedure was to use cuffs and legs stretchers as standard to
  convince the girl that to struggle was useless and would only increase their
  suffering and to make them feel exceptionally vulnerable.  
She loved to see her girls free to struggle as they were abused. Just as
  long as it did not get in the way of the abuse  
Usually after about an two hours the girls felt a strange warmth towards
  her, as they would convince themselves that it was desirable and right that
  they should be punished and they do should be proud to endure such total degradation.  
Unwinding the cold-water hose from the wall, she gestured to the girls to
  stand well away so she would not be splashed. Then adjusting the water so it
  was slightly cold but not freezing, she directed the hard solid jet straight
  at Kelly's stomach. Whoosh! The water punched Kelly firmly in the guts and
  she instinctively flinched and tried to turn away.  
Keep still you Slut, move again and I will have you soundly whipped.  
Both girls knew that Ginene was easily capable of it, and would actually
  enjoy seeing them writhing under her lash, so sensibly they cringed at the
  back of the shower and endured being mildly flogged with a water jet.  
Once the girls were thoroughly doused, she called Kelly forwards and made
  the cringing Blond bend over, open her legs and stay absolutely still while
  she ordered her maid, a Butch looking female, to open her legs with a slap
  to the inside of her thighs  
Giving her maid the hose, watched as she directed the water jet between the
  trembling Kelly's legs. As the water hit her pubic region. Kelly the petite
  23-year-old blonde shuddered but kept her place while Zoe looked on in totally
  abjection.  
Keeping the jet trained between Kelly's legs, the maid walked closer, eventually
  holding the girl's buttocks open and inserting the metal nozzle. The pressure
  luckily for Kelly was very low, but she suffered exquisite sufferings in her
  intestines as they were flooded and gently pressurised.  
The maid knew exactly what she was doing and allowed any excess pressure
  squeeze around the nozzle and escape.  
Making the now drenched and inflated girl keep her hunched up bent over position,
  she repositioned the nozzle so it pressurised her cunt in a douche that entirely
  filled her cunt and womb.  
Her baby Making apparatus protested by giving her stomach cramps, and she
  shit herself on to the floor, the maid expecting it just flushed it down the
  drain.  
Kelly again jumped when the water jet caressed her pubic area and whined
  pitifully as it was eventually plugged again into her shit tube, doubly making
  sure, she was clean inside  
She again felt her belly tighten and expand as she was pressurised. As soon
  as the hose was removed, her arse gave out a flood of brown water. Which again
  the attendant ignored and flushed down the drain.  
Right young lady that she you clean inside and out, now it's the Brunettes
  time. Step forward and present your bottom with your legs open so you can be
  internally washed. No girl is attended to in this establishment if there is
  a slight risk of her defiling herself with shit.  
The Zoe looked absolutely terrified and looked beseechingly at Andy.  
Andy noticed her look, and said, I said it wasn't going to be easy , remember
  you are being paid &pound;3,000 for this video.  
It would take you three weeks of a solid humping 20 guys a-day to earn that
  sort of money in my massage parlour. So get your arse over here and let them
  clean it  
Andy stared and watched with amazement as the once proud and beautiful Zoe
  step forward and bent at the waist, her legs slowly but reluctantly opening
  as she dreaded the feeling of having the jet placed in her lower orifices.
  However, do it she did, such was the charisma of Ginene now she had total control
  over her tormentors.  
Zoe was dreading being raped by the pressure jet, but she now through a survival
  instinct, stood absolutely still while the maid gently but firmly inserted
  the nozzle into Zoe's birth canal, the cramps that took hold of her womb, Andy
  noticed we were very similar to those experienced by a woman in labour.  
Giving the more cuddly and sexually attractive 19 year old a little longer
  to suffer her cunt being flushed, the maid added to her misery by enjoying
  herself smacking her naked soft and yielding backside, while her cunt was still
  pressurised.  
Zoe wiggled and shook her delectable arse, in an instinctive attempt to relieve
  the stinging, much to the amusement of the watching Ginene.  
Who bellowed, I told you to keep still, you will have plenty of time to wiggle
  that sexy arse just before I get one of my punters to urinate up it...  
The sexy Zoe are kept absolutely still as the maid partied her buttocks,
  and she wiggled and shivered in despair as the water shot up her bum.  
Andy was delighted to see her tight little cunt pouring water, as her back
  passage was filled she quickly shit and was released.  
She then had the maid remove the hosepipe and stood the totally dejected
  and miserable once proud and lustful teenager against the wall with Kelly.  
Andy looked at the two, once totally confident of their sexuality who had
  had taken delight in manipulating men, to grant them all sorts of monetary
  and material favours. Standing as they were totally stripped of any dignity
  and sophistication. Andy actually felt a little compassion, as he would to
  any young animal he was about to drown.  
Ordering the girls out of the shower, Ginene gave the girls two rough towel's
  to dry themselves, scolding them gently, saying, that after all it hadn't been
  as bad as they thought had it.  
Then left them to titillate themselves up with their make-up and make themselves
  respectable to be violated on a video.  
Before she went, she gave the girls four ecstasy tablets and a couple of
  large whiskies, to keep up their vitality and attractiveness while she subjected
  them to a total degradation.  
She was a good enough business woman to know that men especially liked to
  see really attractive vivacious sexually seductive young women put to the torture
  and would pay handsomely to see them literally, if the script called for it,
  torn apart.  
The businesswoman in her told her that both these young ladies while looking
  a little used at the moment ,when wearing make-up, false eyelashes, and attractive
  lipstick and nail varnish would be very desirable.  
While many men would happily pay hundreds of pounds to bed them, she knew
  the real market was from rich men who would pay thousands of pounds to see
  young sexually active girls put to extreme sexual torture.  
The thrill being in watching the misery in the Trollop face, as her sexual
  attractions, were used, in a totally depraved way, making the sufferer feel
  totally sexually degraded.  
To be successful the girls must be very sexually desirable, good-looking
  and most importantly young. Ginene knew by letting these girls put on their
  make-up they would fit that part exactly.  
Giving the girls refreshment and allowing them to rest a little getting ready,
  and the girls were surprised at her generosity, but Ginene knew that by luring
  them into a sense of false security the shock when it came would be even more
  horrific.  
Calling the girls into the main arena which was actually a prison cell, Ginene
  had them stand in the corner, looking pretty, legs wide apart. While she put
  one of her clients through his paces.  
Andy wasn't at all interested in watching a male being disciplined, and as
  soon as possible would have its mostly edited out of the video.  
But Ginene had a purpose, she deliberately goaded and sexually stimulated
  the male submissive, until he was completely randy, she deliberately stimulated
  his Testicles with an electric shock machine, pumping a small dose of electricity
  into his penis. He had absolutely no idea why the two girls were in the same
  cell as him,.  
but he kept on looking at them as his penis was exotically stimulated by
  the electric current.  
And was surprised when Ginene called over the Zoe, who was dressed very fetchingly
  in a very short black mini-skirts and a wraparound blue shiny top.  
Don't you think this worm, needs a little discipline, for getting so excited
  at a young lady like yourself?  
Kelly was a little embarrassed at seeing such a young guy having his penis
  stimulated, and expected to be asked to jerk him off.  
But no Ginene wanted the guy angry, so it passing over a rubber strap told
  the girl to hit him hard on the penis. Zoe was appalled at being told to-do
  this to a guy, but a warning look, soon had her slashing the rubber strap down
  on to the poor guy's Dick, he howled. Andy knowing what was coming went out
  for a drink, leaving Ginene to get the girls to molest several of the male
  submissiveness that she brought into the room one at a time.  
This was not something he wanted to watch at all. However, he knew what Ginene
  it was up to, she was going to induce an intense sexual anger towards these
  two young ladies, and when the time was right, she was going to unleash it.  
Coming back after about half an hour there were now six guys it in the room
  all feeling under Ginene careful orchestration a total sexual anger towards
  the two girls.  
She had made them both to strip off, and play with themselves in front of
  her clients while the other stood by with the rubber strap and quickly deflated
  any sexual excitement the guys were feeling. They had just finished poking
  large dildos up the guy's bottoms and spanking them with a hard strap. the
  two girls had just started to enjoy themselves slightly  
As Andy, came into the room Ginene had just stopped their torment.  
Ginene looked at one of the older blokes with a big fat Dick which had just
  been severely chastised and asked him in a sweet voice how he was feeling.  
Bloody Awful he replied. Where the hell you get those two girls from, they're
  vicious.  
Would you like to screw both of them, yes replied the submissive but I suspect
  that's going to be very unlikely.  
No these two girls are here to relieve any stresses you may have.  
Would any of you gentlemen like to help me and bring forward this piece of
  equipment? And dragged out a bench, with a head press at the end.  
Kelly and Zoe were beginning to look uneasy, they had enjoyed in a perverted
  way punishing the guys in front of them for their sexual thoughts, and were
  now beginning to realise what they had been trapped into. Which of you gentlemen
  think that Zoe should now get a dose of her own medicine?  
All the watching men growled, and what about Kelly isn't she a little cow.  
Again, she got muted agreement from her submissive.  
They knew that this was part of the special party and this was the one reason
  that they had come tonight.  
If you would like to put Zoe onto the table I am sure she would oblige us
  by presenting her rear-end for you to fuck.  
Ginene didn't need to give the men are much more encouragement to grab hold
  of Zoe and forced her on to the table,  
ZOE screamed and struggled but she had no chance against six guys.  
Very soon, her head was into the clamp at the front her knees drawn -up behind
  her, her bottom raised so that it was very tempting placed for someone to stick
  their Dick into to.  
As one of the men stood up to take up the offer of the available cunt, Ginene
  scolded him for being so inconsiderate, don't you think the young lady need
  a little grease before you shag her.  
And with that passed over a pot of Vaseline, which had been heavily laced
  with a chilli paste.  
Giving it to the guy to spread liberally around Zoe's offered sexual parts
  , he did as he was told apologising to Zoe profusely for his inconsideration.
  Before smearing on liberal doses of the cream.  
Right then. Now you can have her she said. Knowing that both of the human
  beings involved in this copulation would be having a very uncomfortable time.  
However, she knew it was going to be far worse for Zoe because each time
  she was shagged anew, the paste was going to be renewed.  
Andy started to get interested, even more so when Kelly was brought over
  and her hands tied behind her back, and she was fitted with legs stretchers.  
She again struggled and he tried to break away but was slightly more realistic
  realising, or so she thought that this was just part of the ordeal she was
  doing to pay back the money she had stolen.  
In fact, while a video was being shot, the two girls were mainly being subjected
  to their ordeal to satisfy Ginene lust for vengeance.  
Tomorrow night after she had, had had little time to with deal with them
  off the record, two young ladies were on their way overseas.  
She had already sent to a couple of guys around to their flat, after taking
  their keys from them and all their possessions were now on their way back.  
Thus far, as the neighbours were concerned, the two girls had done a Midnight
  runner, and considering what they had done, people would not be at all surprised  
Kelly's designated task was to stand behind the guy shagging Zoe, bend down
  and bury her face deep into the guys arse and firmly lick his anus.  
To make up a foursome, one of the guys was then given the same rubber strap
  that his penis had been struck with and told to apply it firmly between Kelly's
  legs, if he felt that her face was not tightly enough pushed into the guy's
  hairy bottom.  
With that, she started the action.  
Zoe were already wriggling on the table top as she felt her cunt being painfully
  warmed by the paste  
Very quickly, it was stimulated even more as an erect penis pushed the hot
  burning paste deep inside her.  
Zoe's bottom went into a rhythmic dance, as she involuntarily shook with
  pain.  
The guy shagging her was definitely not getting any pleasure; his Dick and
  his balls throbbed with heat. The only real pleasure he was getting was from
  the Kelly's tongue, as she reluctantly at first, forced her tongue into the
  obscene orifice of the guy shagging Zoe.  
Hating every minute of what she had to do to keep out of prison.  
Little did she know. Not only were her and Zoe going to go into a prison
  but they would be forced to shag and service customers as well, as their respective
  Ukrainian and Arab purchasers make them work to pay for even basic food  
The last guy, out of spite gave her two stingers between the legs more, just
  to watch her painful wiggling rather than because she was doing anything wrong.  
With all the stimulants it was only took about three minutes for the guys
  to change over. Zoe was re-greased, and the next guy took up the painful pounding
  of her cunt with his Dick. While Kelly again knelt, her legs wide open pushing
  her tongue deeply into the guy in front.  
Ginene stopped the action for a second and gently explained to Kelly that's,
  it was more stimulating for the guy in front if she also generally licked her
  tongue all over the guys bottom, as she gently stimulated his balls with her
  hands.  
She then watched to see that Kelly did as she was told and ordered two more
  vigorously applied slaps between the girl's legs when she didn't apply herself
  vigorously enough.  
Ginene was enjoying herself, the two so-called respectable females who had
  so abused her verbally as she went about her business saying that she should
  be banned from the square, were now being enjoyingly degraded.  
The Zoe who had been most scathing, was now being Gang banged like the Mongrel
  dog she was.  
She hoped she wasn't counting how many guys she had to come as she planned
  to send them all a second time to fuck her tight little bottom.  
The proviso being that if they were unable to come a second time, then they
  would be directed to piss up the cuddly little Sluts arse.  
In this second round Kelly would be available to suck the guy to a climax
  if they felt that the first time had been too uncomfortable,  
Allowing them to spend the minimum time in Zoe's burning rectum either shooting
  their lot or emptying their bladder, whichever they felt desirable.  
If they felt her mouth was not good enough , it they could upend the petite
  little Blond and start their stimulation inside her pussy.  
The only stipulation was that she must not orgasm and all their cum went
  into Zoe's anus by quickly changing partners before they shot their lot  
Andy watched the proceedings and realised that Ginene was a sick sadistic
  little cow.  
Zoe was completely unable to move in her wooden necklace, and completely
  blind to what was happening behind her.  
Having absolutely no idea even now, who was doing it to her. The poor girl
  was spending almost one hundred per cent of her time having a Dick rammed in
  and out her sexual orifice, and to make sure she got no sexual enjoyment out
  of the use of her body, the whole of her cunt was burning in a chilli induced
  fire. .  
To keep him self busy, he went round to Zoe's head and stood watching her
  anguished face. Trapped as it was in the head pillory, her whole face, painted
  mouth, and beautiful dark coloured eyes were twisting and grimacing in anguish
  as her burning cunt was pounded by an unknown assailant.  
As he came into her line of sight, she looked up, her face begging him to
  release her.  
Making out he couldn't hear what she was saying he bent down and whispered
  in her ear.  
Sorry young lady, but I'm afraid that I'm not going to stop this video just
  because you cannot handle it. It's far to late for you to back out now. I warned
  you it would be hard, so Tough!  
Now you have got this far, you going to do as your told otherwise I will
  ask you Mistress to punish you a little more severally. What are you going
  to do? She asked knowing that it was going to be something horrible  
Andy enlightened her  
Remember that rain shower, coming over in the car that made your hair so
  wet. Well you thief that was a small golden shower from when I pissed on your
  dirty little head while you slept.  
Kelly was unfortunate to sleep with her mouth open so she swallowed a lot.
  Now it is your turn to taste a golden shower direct from the source  
I'm going to stick my Dick in your mouth and urinate in it. Moreover, you
  will drink every drop. Do you understand?  
Please No, pleaded Zoe, that revolting and disgusting. Don't make me do that
  please  
If you don't swallow every drop, I'll have Ginene push a red hot poker slowly
  up your cunt when everybody has gone. Do you understand?  
Zoe understood, she was beginning to realize that things weren't going to
  plan. This was not a video where she could stop when she did not like what
  was happening. This was real abuse  
With that he unzipped his flies and gently levered the Zoe's cherry lips
  open and slowly pushing the total length his semi- erect Dick into the girls
  mouth. Pulling on her ears to lever the last bit into her throat.  
For a short while Zoe attention was diverted from what was happening in her
  lower body as his Dick forced its way into her mouth and made her retch.  
Breathe through your nose young lady he said like a Dentist attending to
  her teeth and, waited while Zoe struggled to retain her composure, , stroking
  her hair as he waited, showing her a little pity  
Now young lady you're going to suck my cock as if you were at your mothers
  Tit , then when I feel your ready for your feed. I will let you have it, bit,
  by bit.  
When he was sure that she was ready, and he watched her throat to see she
  was sucking well. He slowly, gently, and deliberately released the contents
  of his bladder into Zoe's mouth.  
Zoe started to splutter and her eye his bulged wide in her head and a little
  dribbled out the side of her mouth.  
Andy holding his cock steady in the girl's mouth told her gently. Swallow
  it, you little Bitch otherwise Ginene gets to fry your pussy.  
He fed his bladder contents spurt by spurt into Zoe's pursed lips, giving
  her time to savour the salty taste and give her time to realise just what a
  disgusting thing she was partaking in .  
He was well full and it took several minutes of stopping and starting the
  stream of urine for him to reach the point where he had to squeeze his buttocks
  to extract the last drop to feed the revolted ,degraded Zo&euml;  
Andy got quite a kick in watching the very attractive and desirable Zoe who
  he had employed in his shop to tempt the punters, obey and force the salty
  tasting fluid down to her stomach.  
Andy thoroughly enjoyed the stimulating sight of her sweet, slim, innocent
  little throat, getting its inner lining well lubricated  
Kelly also was getting a lot of fluid pumped into her as guys interpretated
  Ginene's orders as Cuming in Kelly and pissing in Zoe and with great delight
  filled her mouth with cum before using Zoe as a urinal.  
At first she was made to act worse than a dog by being made duly lick the
  shit holes of Guy, and experienced excruciatingly Punishment on her own sexual
  organs if she did not do well enough during the donkey work, warming up the
  guys for them to ejaculate up her friend's back passage. No that this young
  lady was getting no sexual enjoyment at all.  
Andy knew that highlights of this would have to be edited for the video,
  but it would be quite enjoyable editing something that had been so degrading
  to the two thieve, who had tried to steal his money.  
Moreover, he knew night was young. Before Andy finished the video that night
  he had watched Zoe being made to stand naked, tied to a Star frame. While Ginene
  attached the two new tit clamps to Zoe's very attractive and sexily plump breasts.  
As Ginene approached the captive Zoe, she panicked at the sight of the eight
  frame  
What are you going to do she whispered in a panicky voice. Fit you with a
  pair of outsize spectacles she leered and look after your needs, as all good
  mistresses should  
These guys never think of girls needs, just there own. Therefore, I have
  come to give you a chance to enjoy yourself.  
With that, she slid the padded wires over Zoe's magnificent plump Tits. Being
  a big girl her tits were not firm and pert, but had a soft droop. It was this
  that Ginene intended to correct  
As the round clamps were being slid tight against her chest and the bolts
  of then tightened. Zoe had screamed, Begged and pleaded that she had enough
  and if she had to go to prison then, that was it. There was No way, in which
  she going to allow them to squash her Bristol's.  
Ginene quietly told her that if she would like to get her clothes and go
  out the door she was quite at liberty to do so but she would have to get unaided
  the door  
And when the Zoe struggled to get free and was unable to, smiled at her and
  said come on then young lady if you've changed your mind stop struggling otherwise
  I'm in just going to continue to do what I am doing until we see your tits
  split open.  
With that, she commenced to tighten the bolts slowly. Zoe found it not painful,
  just a very unpleasant feeling as the fat close to her chest was slowly, but
  surely pressurized. Forcing it to move into the remaining three quarters. And
  in doing so, it stretched the skin around her nipples.  
Nice feeling isn't it grinned Ginene sadistically as she tighten the screws.
  The pressure on the nipple had made her the soft droop firm up out as the bag
  of her breasts was squeezed and they stared to rise as they were compacted  
Once I have finished, your nipples will be so stretched and stimulated that
  any rough treatment will cause you to pop like a balloon. So, don't struggle
  too much  
Kelly realising that things were getting too strong, begged Andy to stop
  it before someone got hurt. She was ignored  
Soon Zoe looked like a cartoon character from a fantasy S&amp;M picture book.
  With a very large purple balloon shaped breasts with huge hard nipple.  
Ginene left her to get used to the new feel and shape of her Bosom as her
  udders continued to swell as the compressed fat continued to slowly ooze its
  way forward.  
Andy went up to Ginene and told her that Kelly wasn't happy.  
Ginene always willing to listen to complaints, had Kelly dragged into the
  middle of the cellar and held steady while two ropes attached, one to each
  of her slim slender ankles.  
She then left the petite blonde, completely naked in the middle of the room
  while she very slowly her reeled in.  
As the ropes wound up on the overhead winches, Kelly panicked and tried to
  run for the exit.  
At this time, the ropes were long enough for her to get to the steel door.
  But not for long. In her panic, Kelly desperately tried to release the ropes
  from her ankles.  
Andy watched enthralled as the ropes tightened, and Kelly was forced to walk
  with them, back to the edge of the room or fall flat on her bottom, all the
  time desperately trying to release her ankles.  
Back in the at the edge of the room the electric winches spun remorselessly.
  First Kelly's legs were slowly pulled from under her and she sat down heavily
  on her posterior.  
Next, she started to desperately struggle on her back, as her legs were taken
  up into the air. Still the winches spun.  
Slowly her limbs were pulled into space, and her slim body went with it.  
As the winches were about 4 ft apart in the high-ceilinged room, as she was
  a lifted, her legs were opened in a wide Y. as she struggled with her hands
  to cover her upturned cunt  
And as soon as her cunt was about eye-level, Ginene stopped the winches and
  sent one of her maids to get a couple of cunt stretchers and had her love hole
  stretched out with a set of birthing clamps.  
Once the young Ladies assets were fully available, she had one of the submissiveness,
  collect a tray of black fat mealy worms that she had brought in and allowed
  him to gently drop them in to the screaming and pleading Kelly's wide-open
  vagina.  
Even before the first one had actually entered her, and well before she felt
  it wriggling inside her, she went into a screening demented wriggling dance.  
Desperately trying to bend up from the waste to protect her crutch. Ginene
  let her struggle and it was not long before an exhausted Kelly fell back sobbing.
  Leaving her cunt wide open and available  
Out of consideration, Ginene made sure, each time he placed one deep into
  Kelly's vagina the submissive wiped any away any of the slime from the evil
  creatures that got onto her shaven pussy. Very soon, the tray of worms was
  empty and Kelly was full of the wiggling, squirming creatchers  
Not forgetting her companion Zoe. She had the large Rat that she had brought
  placed between Zoe's spread open legs. Declaring that out of consideration
  she wouldn't let it nest in Zoe's cunt until she had got used to the feel of
  her new shape of breast, which were still developing. But left it for the terrified
  Zoe to goggle at in fear  
She then stood to one side and ordered one of her submissiveness to gently
  stroke and fondle Zoe's clitoris while she adjusted the compression on her
  breasts and slowly tightened the bolts that pushed and squeezed the fat into
  the balloons that was her tits. Knowing that as she did so the stretching of
  the Nipples would increase the sensation coming from her stimulated clit until
  it was almost unbearable. .  
And Andy could see it was true. As a Zoe's now truly magnificent breasts
  were squeezed, her Aurora around her nipples expanded, and stretched.  
Ginene deliberately took her time knowing that the girls were going to stay
  there, for a lot longer than they knew.  
Gently tightening the clamps, each time she ran a spit covered finger slowly
  around her nipples, and each time was rewarded with a bigger gasp of erotic
  excitement. Very soon the area close to her chest was only half its normal
  thickness, that fat all been forced into the remaining half, more than doubling
  the size.  
Leaving the guy stimulating her Clint, Ginene stood back and about once every
  30 seconds just flicked with a finger, the poor unfortunate girl's very sensitive
  Nipples.  
Almost immediately, an orgasm shook Zoe's slim and attractive body.  
Smiling at the girl's sexual antics, he added to her torments by having a
  male submissive stand behind her with a rubber paddle and each time she went
  into an orgasm, had the submissive whack her backside soundly.  
She then had a still camera brought on and took some interesting still shots
  of Zoe, held captive at ankle and wrist, her breasts swollen and expanded by
  the clamps.  
The photo also showed quite clearly the male tickling her fancy between her
  legs, and her anguish at having their guy behind her paddle her bottom. Also
  the black Rat waiting between her legs  
She then took some full length and close-ups photographs of Kelly greedily
  devouring a feast of black mealy worms via her upended vagina. Once more, to
  complete the picture she had Kelly's bottom soundly chastised as each one dropped
  in.  
Andy intended to sell these to some of the punters who he knew had the money
  stolen from them by the girls. And to anybody who would pay for a glimpse of
  the two thieves getting their comeuppance  
Ginene then put the camera down and picked up the cage containing the Rat.  
Taking it out of the cage, she put it carefully into a special large transparent
  cylindrical device. From the top of it protruded a thick hollow nozzle  
The Rat sat on a large plunger that would lift it up towards the entrance
  at the top and force it out of the nozzle.  
Even after what she had experienced and feeling woozy from experiencing 10
  orgasms in about three minutes. Zoe got extremely agitated as Ginene approached
  her with the Rat filled syringe.  
Desperately trying to move her hips away as Ginene stooped and inserted the
  large nozzle into Zoe shaven cunt.  
Ginene looking up at Zoe's distraught and terrified face, she slowly lifted
  the Rat up on the internal plunger so it entered the nozzle and disappeared
  inside Zoe's vagina.  
Zoe was now screaming hysterically and thrashing violently in her bonds as
  Ginene quickly pulled the syringe out, letting Zoe's fleshy cunt close in,
  trapping it inside. Ginene made absolute least sure; it was held inside her
  former tormentor by quickly closing her outer cunt lips with a stapling gun.  
The Rat luckily for Zoe had been specially selected for its domesticity and
  gentleness and also it had been well fed. However, it was not its bite Zoe
  feared, but the long snout that was tickling the inside of her most sensitive
  organ  
The Rat once entering the dark space between Zoe's legs, it felt a little
  happier, and now it felt safe started to move around and settled to go to sleep.
  Turning around and moving agitatedly trying to get comfortable. However, there
  were still some remnants of the chilli paste, which meant it could not settle.  
Giving Zoe time to calm down and accept that she was now being Rat fucked
  she took her delight in making Zoe orgasm as she experienced the Rat literally
  trampling on her assets. Again had the submissive behind smack her Bottom each
  time she went into ecstasy.  
Leaving Zoe to endure being a Rat infested cunt she turned her attentions
  to Kelly.  
Having her taken down from where she was suspended upside down but are not
  before remembering to have her cunt stapled shut, she had the wretched girl
  gently bend over so her slim waist was horizontal and neat pert tits hung,
  swinging, pointing to the floor.  
As her legs were still held open by the ropes, she looked very sexy and desirable
  unless one took a good look at her reproductive organs, which seemed to be
  moving on their own.  
Kelly looked extremely distressed and looked ready to vomit, but Ginene had
  not finished with either of them yet.  
Going to a cupboard and removing a small instrument with metal prongs, she
  switched it on and gently guided the resulting spark on to the metal clips
  holding Kelly's cunt shut.  
Suddenly the gentle pulsing thing that was Kelly's slug filled love tube
  suddenly went into extreme agitation. Two things happened, one Kelly was violently
  sick, and clips holding her sexy lips together got exceedingly warm as a painful
  electric shock tickled her sexual organs.  
The current progressed down the very wet and juicy fat black mealy worms
  inside Kelly and literally cooked them inside her.  
They died in a frenzy of writhing and squirming.  
Being mainly water, they did not actually get more than get warm but the
  current literally shook them to pieces, leaving Kelly's cunt still extremely
  usable, it just experienced a frenzy of action. . Kelly's antics as her cunt
  was internally stimulated were quite comical.  
Her eyes flew open and her mouth dribbled at the corner as if she was going
  mad.  
To try to relieve the torment her hands flew to her cunt and desperately
  tried to open the staples and let out the highly agitated, slowly dying insects.  
Ginene let her thrash around then had her held firmly on her feet so she
  was still and feeling every last pulsation from the dying, agitated worms  
Ginene then had the clips cut away so the destroyed, liquefied mealy worms
  dribble out of her cunt.  
Remembering her promise to herself to give the girl a warm cunt, she had
  one of her maids get the electric hairdryer and pushed the nozzle into Kelly's
  vagina.  
With this, she was not only going to give their young lady a very hot cunt,
  but she was going to do what she did to that Hostess's who had tried to take
  over her territory. She was going to blow her up like a plastic doll.  
Taking her time and not really knowing what to expect, she first put the
  blower on a cold, slow blow and then with the interest on a scientist carrying
  out an experiment went up to medium blow, low heat.  
As she switched it on to full blow, low heat she got the reaction she wanted,
  Kelly gave vent to allow a agonised scream as her cunt was internally lightly
  heated, and Kelly's belly blew out and expanded, quite considerably.  
Not as exciting as when she had made the Hostess pregnant but satisfyingly
  enough considering this girl was going to have to use her cunt pay off debts.  
Realising that Kelly's anus up to now had missed torment she had one of the
  her maids insert a anus stretcher and stretch the girls rectum as far apart
  as it would go without splitting.  
Kelly had dropped almost into a stupor, with what she had to experience.
  Her mind had completely refused to it accept any more and she had gone glassy
  eyed.  
She had one of the maids collect a small snake from its cage and gently inserted
  it wriggling into Kelly's rectum.  
She inserted it tail first, as she did not want to damage the creature. Pushing
  it all in until only the head remained outside,  
She then removes the clamps and left Kelly to experience a double experience.
  A snake wiggling from her backside as well as having the blower expanding her
  belly.  
Kelly's mind became completely unhinged and she went into a total and complete
  uncontrolled screaming.  
So much that Ginene, realising she had gone slightly over the top had to
  administer a sedative.  
Kelly's was then allowed to sleep for a while.  
But not the beautiful, delectable, cuddly Zoe. She also had reached an exhausted
  stage being left with the Rat now soundly asleep in its warm nest, but was
  still able to suffer more.  
She had the staples between her legs removed allowing the Rat to drop to
  her hands and placed it gently in back in its cage. Later she would have the
  rodent cleaned and dried.  
Having a large coffin like box brought into the dungeon she had Zoe untied
  and placed in a box with her legs wedged slightly open.  
However, not before having large hollow wire inserts pushed into her cunt
  and anus. Holding them open but still allowing plenty of access between the
  thin wires, to their sensitive linings.  
Once Zoe was lying on the bottom of the casket, she had several bucketful's
  of maggots poured on top of her.  
While her face was not covered, Zoe's instant horror reaction was struggling
  and twisting in the seething mass, making sure that many went into her mouth.
  Her cunt and anus being well below the seething mass packed completely, as
  the compressed mass of maggots finding an empty space, invaded deep inside
  her.  
Ginene kept her locked inside the box for several minutes while the girl
  screamed pleaded begged, inside. Then she had the box opened and Zoe was given
  a sedative.  
The girl was then removed and allowed to sleep on the floor alongside Kelly.
  Andy watched amused as her cunt and anus emptied themselves onto the floor
  slowly oozing maggots.  
The party over Ginene had both girls cleaned and put to rest, nobody like
  to torture smelly unattractive young ladies. It was 4 o'clock in the morning;
  the girls were not due to leave for their future employment until 10 o'clock
  the next night. And while the next session was not for punters consumption
  Ginene felt that a girl clean and wearing make up was a much more satisfying
  victim than one who looked worn out and frail.  
6 hours later the two girls found themselves back in the dungeon but this
  time it was just Ginene and Andy, though she could call on Hand Maidens at
  the touch of a bell.  
During the rest, Ginene had the place tided and two bits of apparatus set
  up. One was a simple canvass strop; similar to those used to lift boxes. The
  other was an old antique birthing chair that Ginene had found at an auction
  sale and purchased for &pound;20 pounds.  
Both girls who were now looking quite gorgeous after forcible being made
  up and having their hair arranged while waiting for Ginene to rise, were dragged
  still naked in by a Handmaiden by a rope attached to choke collar around their
  cute little necks. Arms held securely behind their backs, both looked refreshed
  from their drug-inducted sleep but looked as scared as hell. Kelly's bottom
  was a very strong shade of red and Zoe's breasts showed unpleasant marks of
  ill treatment from yesterday.  
Zoe was left tethered by her neck as she watched Kelly lifted bodily up and
  placed horizontally, on her belly, in the canvas strop. Andy watched her expression,
  it was one of resignation and total despair, like a condemned criminal. And
  Andy felt she warranted every miserable moment of it  
After a little adjusting so Kelly was nicely balanced in the middle, the
  strop was pinched closed above Kelly's waist so she was she was securely held.  
Her hands were released and now Kelly had full freedom to squirm, wiggle,
  shout and scream as she was attended to. A leg stretcher attached to her ankles,
  so access could easily be had to the area between her long slim legs, was the
  only restraint on her.  
There, while Zoe was prepared, Kelly was left hanging. Her blond long hair
  wrapping around her cute pale face, her breast obeying gravity and hung straight
  down from her chest. From the other side of the strop, her taut backside hung
  tightly down and sexual organs were winking at Andy between her long slim legs.  
Due to being on a hoist her body was easily adjustable in height so she could
  be abused without discomfort to the abuser.  
She reminded Andy of the pictures of a Cow who had fallen somewhere and had
  to be lifted by a crane to safety, her legs hanging uselessly as she dangled.  
Ginene was not at all interested in the front half. The part she intended
  to focus on was hanging from the rear of the canvas strop  
Zoe was positioned slightly different. Once Kelly had been satisfactorily
  positioned, her choke collar was unclipped from the wall and she was dragged,
  choking, but resisting to the other side of the room, where resided the Birthing
  chair  
A couple of solid meaty slaps to her bottom soon had Zoe sitting captive
  in the chair, and her hands bound above her head. With one strap around her
  waist, this was enough, with her legs lifted and held in the hooks at the side
  of the chair to hold her.  
The position could not have been more revealing and obscene. All her assets
  were blatantly displayed. Her Tits hung from her chest like naked melons. Her
  cunt looked across the room at the camera and underneath peeked her tight little
  anuse.  
By holding her legs high and open, Zoe sat on the small of her back allowing
  her plump soft buttocks to be exposed to the cameras gaze. The two girls were
  left while Andy had a quick chat to Ginene and agree that a video could be
  taken but extra care must be used to keep everybody except the girls out of
  shot and that no one connected with the shoot was to keep any copies. If the
  police called round no trace of the girls must be found.  
Ginene walked forwards to inspect the two terrified girls who did not know
  what to expect, but Ginene attitude told them it was going to be extremely
  unpleasant, painful and would-be directed at their erotic areas.  
Standing behind Kelly, she caressed her now slightly bruised posterior and
  prised open the girl's vagina. Kelly jerked and pleaded in her cocoon of canvas
  as she felt herself inspected like a prize cows  
The inside was a fiery red from all the abuse it had suffered and still had
  particles of sperm adhering all-round the inside and several dead mealy worms
  deep within  
Pushing her fingers deep inside the unfortunate Kelly's cunt, she prised
  it open enough for her to see right along its length to her cervix. And had
  a spray of cleaning water shot into it flushing it clean.  
The opening of the valve to her womb were badly bruised and sore but Ginene
  was not really surprised that the entrance was slightly swollen meaning that
  sometime in the last couple of days she had conceived. Ginene then indulged
  in her pet vice and spent several minutes stroking and rubbing her captives
  cunt, sometimes licking and savouring its feel on her tongue, while she reached
  forward and cupped Kelly's downward hanging tits and squashed and manipulated
  them.  
Ginene then thoughtfully went over to inspect the trembling Zoe who was imprisoned
  in her birthing chair. Walking between the girls out stretched legs she knelt
  down and carried out the same intimate inspection of Zoe vagina and enjoyed
  herself playing with and Wanking Zoe off  
Zoe struggled in embarrassment and humiliation at having her private part's
  so intimacy inspected and blushed with the shame. Totally ignoring her charges
  emotions, she prised open Zoe's vagina purposely being rough and callous. To
  see the effect on the girl she was abusing she deliberately bent forward, put
  her mouth to the girls cunt, sealed her lips against her flesh and blew hard.  
This produced in Zoe a sudden bloated feeling to her belly, as Ginene blew
  her up like a balloon.  
Removing her mouth she looked at Zoe's horrified and humiliated face and
  asked, feel your belly swell did you. Well if you're anything like that, obscene
  piece of arse flesh hanging in that sling. In nine months' time you're going
  to be back in a similar chair but then something will becoming out instead
  of now when we are going to push something in.  
An unearthly wail emulated from the suspended Kelly. The last thing she wanted
  now was to be up the duff .  
Moreover, both of you would definitely need to go to the clinic as both of
  you have a nasty dose of VD. As you will be staying a little longer here unfortunately,
  it will be several days before you can be allowed out and you will suffer a
  lot of embarrassing almost unbearable itching before we can get you to a doctor.  
Leaving the two girls to contemplate their future, she turned to the watching
  the camera and announced that as the two girls they had sexual transmitted
  diseases. It would not be fair to use them again for sexual intercourse, pausing
  she then added or at least human males.  
With that, she reached down into the container she had brought with her and
  produced the two dead white and flabby pigs penis. Instead, we will use these.  
Both girls looked absolutely sick and disgusted at what they knew they were
  going to have to endure.  
They knew well enough Ginene cruel sadistic nature and had no doubt that
  very shortly both of them would be feeling that pasty white piece of obscene
  pork inside them.  
Kelly was first. Getting Andy to warm up her tight little pert bottom with
  a dozen strokes of the strap. Ginene stood watching her face from the front,
  holding Kelly's gaze with the revolting object she would soon be inserting
  into her private parts.  
Once Kelly's bottom had been thoroughly stimulated and turned into a throbbing
  stinging mass. Ginene ceremoniously walked behind the horrified Kelly and waited
  for one of the other serving girls to part the lips of Kelly's sexual orifice.  
Waiting several seconds for effect, she then touched the soft flabby pigs
  Dick into Kelly's sexual opening.  
Kelly lost it, her arms and legs flailed, her head bobbed up and down as
  she started to swing slightly in the sling.  
All of this was expected by Ginene and in fact helped her to push the flaccid
  flesh deeper into Kelly's vagina.  
Kelly had gone into shock and had collapsed herself into a flaccid state.
  This allowed Ginene to push the remaining length into her.  
Ginene then had the serving wench slowly but efficiently pull it, limply
  at first, in and out of Kelly's cunt. She then started squeezing the ball bag
  as she did so.  
Because the Butcher had lightly sealed off the eye of the pigs penis, the
  whole organ swelled and expanded in width and length. Giving Kelly an even
  bigger sexual thrill. She had been dosed with Viagra, unknowingly with her
  breakfast and its effect had made her extremely sensitive. She shook awake
  and resumed her howling as she felt the horrible thing in her cunt swelling
  and getting larger  
Sensing that she was coming close to an orgasm, Ginene stood back, a wooden
  ruler in her hand and waited for these spasms to turn into an extremely urgent
  orgasm.  
Picking her moment when it was exceptionally strong, she brought the wooden
  ruler cracking down on the ball Bladder of the inserted pigs penis.  
The force of the ruler hitting the bag shot a stream of putrid sperm deep
  into the guts of Kelly totally filled her love tube and womb  
While a Womb is strong, it could not stand a heavy jet of spunk flushing
  it out vigorously and Kelly achieved an early termination  
Kelly let out her second unearthly scream, as her baby was the terminated.  
There, There, soothe Ginene that was not too bad was it, can't have you starting
  a new life in an Arab brothel carrying a brat.  
As Andy knew, she had sold the girl to an Arab consortium for a large amount
  of money.  
She would be imprisoned in a cheap brothel until she had paid off that her
  debt. Ginene was pretty sure she would never see England again.  
Zoe was going to a Ukrainian brothel where she would be used exceedingly
  hard for several years in an S&amp;M brothel.  
After which she would possibly just disappear. Ginene didn't care, she had
  her revenge and very enjoyable it was, or would be when she had sterilised
  Zoe the same way.  
Allowing the ball bags to expand naturally again and suck out some of the
  now bloody spunk, she had the unfortunate prospective Arab brothel inmates
  backside priced open.  
Allowing enough time for Kelly to realise that, that was the next orifice
  to be stuffed.  
Getting the serving wench to extract the still swollen penis from Kelly's
  abused cunt she watched with a sadistic smile on her face as Kelly endured
  the forced insertion up her back passage. Kelly wiggled in despair as again
  her back passage felt the soft encompassing touch of dead soft pork as it was
  worked in and out for several minutes  
Again the ruler crack down on the pigs penis, this time she hit the end forcing
  it deep into Kelly's rectum and as a consequence violently compressed the ball
  bag again. Kelly squealed like a stuck pig, and her eye is bulged in shock
  and horror as the putrid sperm forced out her intestines and expanded her belly  
Ginene left the almost unconscious Slut to enjoy her encounter with a slab
  of pig and walked over to the highly distressed Zoe. Who had been watching
  appalled  
She leered at the captive girl and said, I believe I heard you say I was
  a heartless Cow, Well young lady I intend to try to turn you into a Breeding
  sow.  
I hope you enjoy your Ukrainian holiday I have already arranged for your
  flat to be cleared and all your passports and bank accounts will go with you.
  Unfortunately, until you have paid off a very large debt by humping yourself
  silly, you will be chained permanently by one leg to a whore's bed, you will
  be unable to spend it.  
As she spoke, her hands had wandered down to Zoe's totally exposed cunt and
  was gently caressing and fingering it.  
Enjoying it, she said to the stricken girl, and inserted two fingers inside
  Zoe's inner sex lips, leering slightly when she realised Zoe was against her
  will, soaking wet.  
You're a dirty little Slut aren't you Zoe and beckoned over the serving wench.
  Whispering in her ear, the maid then walked over and came back with the wooden
  ruler and passed it to the waiting Ginene.  
Passing it to her, Ginene gently stroked the inner thighs of her waiting
  victim and gently slapped the girl's extremely soft flesh.  
I think a little gentle chastising Punishment will be in order.  
Zoe pleaded but to no avail.  
Raising the ruler high in the air but pausing for effect for about a second
  she brought the ruler slapping down on the inside of her thighs The delectable
  Zoe yelled as it stung her thighs.  
Immediately raising it again for a repeat stroke. Six times, she hit the
  left inner thigh then duplicated the punishment on Zoe's other thigh, but not
  before she had delivered one stroke to the girls tender sex lips as she changed
  over. Again, six times she slapped the ruler down on Zoe's soft tender inner
  right thigh  
She then totally ignored Zoe dancing and pleading and jumping in her seat,
  as she again switched over to the left thigh, again subjecting her cunt to
  a second solid slap.  
She gave Zoe 24 strokes of the ruler on each and about eight across the girl's
  juicy pussy.  
Zoe was weeping, crying, and feeling very distraught as she continued to
  jerk and jump her bottom up and down on the chair in extreme anguish.  
As you are a little upset are you sure that you want to under go your sterilisation
  now. It would be better if I gave you thirty or forty more.  
Please, Please stop begged Zoe through her tears,  
Just ask for your conversion to a fucked sow and we will think no more about
  it.  
As Ginene raised the ruler again to punish her twat, Zoe capitulated and
  begged for the experience of being shagged by a dead Pig.  
That's more like it. She said as she walked away again to her store cupboard.  
Taking out a pair of large spoons shaped forceps she gently push them into
  Zoe's horribly exposed cunt and levered them open and locked them open  
Anybody looking at Zoe now could peer in and get a sight of what she had
  for breakfast.  
Beckoning over the serving wench Ginene took Zoe's adapted pig's penis from
  its box and roughly stuffed the end down the centre of the forceps so it bottomed
  out against Zoe's cervix.  
Checking it was securely positioned with its blocked up eye resting tightly
  against the small opening in the cervix, she deftly removed the forceps allowing
  Zoe's cunt to tightly encompass it.  
There, that I think is suitable. Do you want to be Wanked off before we convert
  you to a Piggy fucked sterile Whore?  
Zoe was so rigid with fear that she didn't answer. She'd just look down at
  her pork filled reproductive orifice and shuddered with loathing and humiliation
  at her body  
It would be a shame for you to miss enjoying yourself, having such a uniquely
  stimulated orgasm. So I think we will get the Wench here to Wank you off with
  the dead pigs Dick, before it shots its lot up you .  
Nodding to the serving wench Zoe was mortified and highly humiliated to feel
  her loved tube being stimulated by such a vile object.  
There, smiled Ginene you would hate to miss this experience. How does it
  feel, a little soft and flabby maybe? And signalled to the Wench to start inflating
  the horror invading Zoe's stimulated cunt. As she watched Zoe could see and
  feel the horror inside her expand and increase its length and stimulation.  
The end of the pig's Dick banging painfully into her cervix as it was forced
  back down.  
This was a slightly more adult pig than the one that had shamed Kelly or
  it was from a different breed. It was certainly thicker. Zoe started to squeal
  in pain as her cunt was expanded as if in childbirth.  
There. There. Consoled Ginene you won't have to go through this again, once
  the of bladder has ejaculated into you, you will be as barren as a Spade Bitch.  
As she had time on her hands, she made the ordeal last, making it Zoe orgasm
  three times, before she brought the ruler of cracking down across her arse
  and trapping the pigs bollocks and flattening it violently. Zoe jerked violently
  in her seat, letting out howl of pain and despair as she was sterilised.  
To be completely satisfied she allowed the ball bag to distend naturally
  and slapped it twice more. Each time Zoe's belly jumped and expanded in sympathy.  
Even then, Ginene was not satisfied and had the wench masturbate Zoe a little
  more, while she attended to Zoe's delectable backside with the stinging attention
  of the smooth ruler. Bending slightly so she was able to whack Zoe's buttock
  soundly  
Call me a Dirty Tart did you, she said as she punished Zoe's backside. Well
  I didn't play with dead pigs  
Again, the delectable and very desirable cuddly Zoe danced and pranced on
  her bottom in the birthing chair. Andy knew that a plastic ruler welded as
  hard as Ginene was doing it, would fill her mind with a terrible agonising
  pain.  
Andy was amazed to see this once precise and naive young lady dance showing
  all her assets while being stimulated by a revolting slimy white dead animals
  sexual organ.  
He felt a slight pang of sympathy, and then dismissed it.  
Many a waywardly young lady had been subjected to this type of ordeal in
  the torture chambers of the Third world. There possibly it would be still attached
  to a live grunting Boar  
He just sat back in his chair, glad he had been able to witness the destruction
  of such a captivating but contemptible young lady.  
He had no regrets, he had his fun from the young ladies body in the first
  video, and had his delight forcing her to copulate with some very unsavoury
  and disagreeable guys in the second.  
Such a lovely vivacious young thing deserves to be shared around. Now she
  had been used to satisfy the revenge lust of himself and Ginene and made a
  object of disgust and loathing.  
If she did not have a greedy, she would still be able to Slut around, shagging
  the boys she lusted after. Now she was just a beautiful empty shell waiting
  to be shipped overseas as an unpaid Tart.  
He watched mesmerised as the still loaded Boar's penis was inserted slowly
  up the writhing Zoe's backside.  
Again, he watched as Zoe under went the Transformation from a human being
  to a debauched Sow.  
Again, the penis was inflated, its eye being again sealed off again.  
Zoe was now a screaming heaving, bucking carcass of herself as she endured
  her anus being reamed out.  
Suddenly she let out a scream as her belly jumped and expanded as Ginene
  forced the contents of the bladder of violently into her intestines.  
It would do no permanent damage to the Whore, just give her an interesting
  time on the toilet.  
As the penis was withdrawn for the last time, he walked forward and reminded
  Ginene that the girls had not had their final caning.  
Ginene brightened, I thought we had forgotten something, and sent the wench
  to bring an over a nice long whippy came.  
What do you think their sentence should be, she asked with a query?  
Usually in Arab countries where Kelly is going, the sentence would be approximately
  75 strokes for being a Prostitute, laid soundly and very painfully across the
  girl's naked posterior.  
For Zoe it should be similar.  
Ginene smiled at Andy and presented him with the cane. Wait I will have Zoe's
  legs raised a little and then you can tattoo her backside. She looks a little
  exhausted; having her arse tickled should stimulate her.  
Do you mind if I borrow or one of two of your girls as I am feeling a little
  randy after watching those two exceedingly pretty young women get their comeuppance.  
No problem I will send it in two of my new girls that have only just started
  this week. If they don't come up to scratch, we can spend the evening and titillating
  their bottoms with my Whip.  
Andy approached Zoe who had been moved slightly and was slumped back more
  in her chair so her bottom was now totally visible, sitting now on the small
  of her back, her legs wide open and high in the air.  
Just sighting his aim once by tapping her bottom, he then preceded to cane
  the gorgeous empty shell of a woman repeatedly and with a fast rhythm.  
Now the video was over he intended to completely remove the skin from Zoe's
  backside, until the whole area of her buttocks were weeping blood.  
It would be many weeks before this young lady was able to sit, and her delectable
  rear end would never be free of the scars.  
Not come that it mattered where she was going, in fact it would harden her
  backside to take the whippings that she would be subjected to in the Ukraine.  
It took him exactly 150 seconds to land his 75 strokes of the cane and send
  Zoe almost into unconsciousness at the ferocity he caned her.  
While he lashed into Zoe, he hardly noticed that his naked bottom was being
  kissed and his cock was being violently sucked.  
Such was the emotion he was feeling that 150 seconds was enough for him to
  ejaculate in to the kneeling girls mouth. . And he was aroused enough to be
  able to ejaculate a second time when he had dealt with Kelly.  
Moving around to the Slut that he fancied, he first brought her back to reality
  by caressing her backside and the inside of her thighs.  
Kelly was terrified, her eyes bulging in her head as she waited for the pain
  to start  
Then taking aim, he commenced caning the 23-year-old petite young lady's
  backside.  
He thoroughly enjoyed watching her skin buckle and twists under the lash
  of the cane. The welts gradually joining up, so that this skin broke away.
  Again, he was literally skinning the girl and enjoying every moment of it.
  Kelly's screaming died down quite a little as she became so overwhelmed by
  the pain emulating from her rear end that she was unable to scream any more.  
Still he caned her until he shot his lot into the girl at his crutch, mouth.
  Ginene had quietly counted about 90 strokes that had hammered into Kelly's
  bottom, but what the hell it had been a good vid  
Chapter 5  
The next day he watched the square erupt into speculation as it was realised
  that the two girls had done a Midnight runner.  
Andy spent his time explaining to his punters exactly what had happened and
  how disappointed he had been in the girls. He knew they had been stealing and
  had offered them a chance to payback the money, rather than reporting them
  to the police.  
He had no idea that they would run.  
He was surprised to hear that they had been on the game, but when he had
  gone through their things that they had left in a locker, he had found some
  very interesting coloured photographs, some 30 or 40.  
They didn't show the guy who was with them, but they were obviously heavily
  engaged he said as he passed around photos of both, Kelly, and Zoe kneeling
  topless, sucking Dick.  
His face did not show in the photos he had edited from the girls audition
  but theirs with a penise stuck in their mouths was clearly seen He followed
  this up with a second very erotic picture of a topless Zoe, kissing and fondling
  the naked body of Kelly.  
If they wanted to see more he could get a part set for them, it will cost
  them a about &pound;30 for his time but they were welcome to them.  
However, for the set which some of them were very dirty and disgusting he
  would have to charge &pound;200. Everybody agreed it was a good job they had
  gone from the square forever. They could do without having obscene slag's like
  them living near by. However, Andy sold 24 full sets that day  
Later that afternoon, he called on their Asian friend, Katrina.  
She was an attractive young thing, with smooth coffee coloured face and had
  nice long legs. She was also a thieving Slut  
It was difficult, to see exactly what her tits, and bum were like, as being
  from an Asian family she always normally wore loose fitting trousers and a
  loose-fitting top.  
Andy suspected that she had a nice trim figure, possibly a little fuller
  than the two girls that he had left getting their final travelling papers from
  Ginene. Her face was definitely fuller and rounder  
But she was certainly deserving of a good hard cock rammed forcibly between
  her legs and before meeting her had deliberately gone to the sex shop and purchased
  a nice new, thick but very whippy school Cane. A item he was sure would definitely
  titillate, her soft, but yielding sensual bottom  
Finding her on her own as usual, selling goods from the market stall he was
  surprised to see her wearing a very smart business suit. . It's a new idea
  from my stupid brothers she said. They seem to think we will sell more if I
  am presented smartly. They need to get out here and help  
Very smart you look he commented, taking in her slim figure dressed as it
  was in the light grey business suit. Suits you.  
And moved closer to her and unexpectedly goosed her backside under her jacket.
  As he thought it was soft and yielding, it would take the cut of a cane badly,
  or depending on your point of view, very nicely.  
Katrina jerked away ,suddenly embarrassed and chose to ignore the action
  putting it down to a mistake.  
Andy not wishing to be misunderstood followed it up with. You're a good-looking
  young lady. You would make someone a lovely bed warmer. He said moving threateningly
  nearer  
Katrina backed off looking slightly angry, but more embarrassed. Leave me
  alone or I will call my brothers she said panicky. Andy pursued her and pushed
  her gently but firmly against the rack of coats at the back of the stall.  
His hand again gently rubbing against her trouser bottom. Go on call them.
  I have plenty to say to them that I don't think you will want them to know  
Katrina got panicky and tried to push him away. Andy got offensive and pushed
  her, away from prying eyes, into a rack of coats and fondled her crotch and
  lent forward and whispered gently in her ear  
I thought I would just warn you that I have a lovely video of you, stealing
  money from my shop.  
Katrina went ridge and looked even more panicky Andy followed up with a.
  And, as Zoe and Kelly have disappeared, then it looks as if you are going to
  have to take the blame for all of it. His voice a threatening whisper  
It's big money about &pound;20,000, his hand still rubbing her groin. Katrina
  was so shocked she froze and let him grope her. Andy obliged running his hand
  between her legs and felt his cock rise in his trousers. Katrina was absolutely
  shattered and felt sick.  
Zoe had told her they were not working on the Wednesday, that they had been
  caught and for the last couple of days, she had desperately been hoping the
  police were not going to arrive to arrest her. The shame would destroy her
  family  
Andy this time made no bones about what he was after.  
I think it would be a good idea, if you dropped in to the office later today,
  and we could have a little chat and discuss exactly how you are going to repay
  all that money.  
Katrina looked shattered, but I don't have any money it all goes to the family.
  Andy leered at her, You've got a nice pair of Titty's and a lovely round arse
  and I'm sure those trousers cover a lovely wet cunt. Those are acceptable and
  very negotiable currency.  
Katrina knowing exactly what he meant blushed violently under her coffee
  coloured skin and looked totally appalled.  
I can't do that I'm a virgin, Anyway I'm not that sort of girl.  
Then you had better consider changing young lady, otherwise your family will
  know exactly what a little thief you are.  
The girls before they left dumped you right in it by naming you as the accomplice.
  I have a written confession from both that it was you who actually wrote the
  fraudulent betting slips. I will be surprised if you don't go to prison for
  your part.  
Katrina felt sick, she knew her family would throw her out and disown her
  if they knew she had stolen money, even more so as she had spent it all on
  herself cutting them out completely.  
If she was sent to prison, it would destroy them. A friend of hers had been
  caught smoking Smack and the family so ashamed had quickly shipped her back
  to her country, where she had been imprisoned under local law for four years
  with 80 cuts of the cane as a physical punishment  
Katrina was sure if she was arrested she would her family would have her
  disappear back to her homeland and she would be forcibly married to some native
  who would beat her every day for the shame she had brought on the family.  
Andy didn't hesitate. Be at the side door at 3 o'clock and I'm sure we can
  come to a very amicable and novel arrangements concerning payment.  
Andy then lifted his hand and slapped her quite strongly on her very cute
  young Bottom feeling his hand sink slightly into her bum. confirming his thoughts.
  Yes, he was right she did have a soft spankable rear. Katrina yelped and clutched
  her buttocks with one hand.  
Enjoy it young lady did you, I did. Make sure you're on time, otherwise by
  half past three your family will know all about your little thieving escapade.  
What do you want she whimpered?  
I'm sure you know he replied, and smacked her bottom again, hard this time
  and she yelped  
You have a very sexy little bottom that needs attending to, don't you agree.
  I'm sure your father if he knew what you had done would heartily approve if
  I gave it a good hard slapping. Remember 3 o'clock on the dot  
And walked away leaving a very unhappy and distressed girl, desperately trying
  to work out how to get her brothers to let her attend a meeting in which she
  would be punished painfully .,  
Andy was in the back office when Katrina, knocked on the side door. At five

  to three Andy had set up the hidden camera ,now he pushed the start button  
Andy opened the door and she sidled furtively inside Anxiously looking behind
  her, desperately hoping no one saw her enter. Once in, her face red from embarrassment,
  she stood uncomfortably in front of him, her head bent and looking at the floor.  
Nice to see you could find the time to come, he commented sarcastically  
Katrina just looked at the floor and mumbled quietly. What do you want me
  to say? I'm very sorry, I would repay the money if I could but I've spent it  
There is nothing to say young lady I have it all on record of you taking
  money from this shop given you dishonestly by Zoe. And of you, knowingly filling
  in false betting slips to get it. I can call the police .At which Katrina heart
  almost stopped or I can deal with you myself .You know what I want  
What are you going to do she whispered weakly  
I'm going to follow the Koran and give a thieving female the punishment she
  deserves on her bottom, then I am going to make you work off the money you
  owe me, about &pound;6000 I reckon ,on your back with your legs open Understand?
  he asked her sarcastically. Katrina answered with a faint Yes, her eyes down
  at the floor.  
With that, he went to his cupboard and brought out a whippy crooked handled
  school cane.  
Recognise this, he said.  
Yes sobbed Katrina, recognising one that her father used to use on her when
  she was small.  
Ever have a taste of it, have you. Yes, said Katrina in a small voice feeling
  sick in her stomach, from my father when I was younger  
Thought you would have had done, doesn't seem to have done you any good or
  possibly it was stopped far too early. He waved it through the air, Katrina's
  eyes followed it fearfully knowing just how much it hurt.  
You are going to move over by that mirror , bend over and touch your toes
  so I can apply a deserving dose of the cane across that seat of your natty
  little business suit,  
Then after that, can show me, what you've interesting little goodies you
  have got inside that smart little garment, especially the trousers. And you
  are going to let me let me aren't you. Otherwise, you know the consequences
  with your family or the police.  
Yes, replied Katrina in a very small quiet voice.  
Well then, the young lady how many cuts across your trousered bottom do you
  think you deserve?  
I don't know, she faltered. Two or three.  
How are about 140 young lady? You're not a child any more, you're a grown
  adult, and will be treated as such .the time for leniency is over  
One hundred and forty shrieked the shocked girl, you can't do that, everybody
  will know I have been doing something bad. I won't be able to walk  
Not if we give you, say a dozen, once a week. If we make it 144, that nicely
  divides by 12 into 12 weeks.  
Oh God, I can't do that, if anybody sees me coming in here regularly they
  will throw me out as a Tart.  
Then you had better be very careful hadn't you?  
Andy was extremely keyed up and excited, he tried to keep the emotion from
  his voice but he wanted this young lady bottom receiving its Punishment, Instantly.
  His Dick throbbed between his legs and he wanted release inside that young
  Asian body.  
If you would like to bend over please, for your first session of a dozen
  and start your punishment, then we can arrange a time next week for cuts 13
  -24. and spend time deciding a nice repayment program for you.  
Please, please, I normally a good girl, this is the first time I'd done anything
  like this, stealing money.  
That's why I'm not going to tell your father, as I know he would most probably
  beat you himself, and throw you out.  
If you would like to position yourself girl, I think it's time we introduced
  the first 12 little painful sharp creases into the seat of your natty business
  suit.  
Katrina realising she had no option, sobbed but walked forward paused terrified,
  then taking a big breath and looking vainly across to Andy for pity ,bent forwards
  from the waist and touched her toes, her face a picture of misery.  
As she bent over Andy took a big interest in her trousers, while loose around
  the legs, she had been slightly rebellious when buying them, choosing a pair
  that tightly encompassed her backside. By bending over, she increased that
  tightness dramatically Andy could see that it was soft and tender and would
  absorb the cane while moving delectably  
Andy took his time; he wanted plenty of time to enjoy flogging this girl.
  He was randy but he would also be getting treatment for that. First lets make
  the girl clench her teeth in justifiable agony. Then fucking her would be much
  more pleasurable  
Walking slowly ,cane in hand over to the bending girl, he carefully lifted
  the flap of her jacket, that was covering her grey suited bottom, out of the
  way by folding it back on to her neat waist. And studied the two grey suit
  covered mounds that were exposed.  
He could just make out the crack of her arse, as the material was stretched
  into the join of her buttocks.  
Telling the girl to open her legs a little, he ignored her presented rump,
  and placed his hand between her legs and gently ,but confidently rubbed the
  girl firmly between the legs. Feeling her Virgin genitals move under his fingers
  . Clearing up any faint possibility in the girl's mind that it was not only
  her bottom he was interested in attending to.  
Katrina jumped and her hands started to move back in protest.  
Then she realised, and slowly, but reluctantly moved them back to touch the
  toes of her shoes.  
Andy reinforced this by gripping her neck, and gently, but very firmly pushed
  her down to tighten her bottom again  
There's a good girl, Andy smoothly whispered, and firmly caressed the girls
  trouser covered cunt. You're learning, he said to the now crying girl. In a
  little while I think you deserve some attention just here. Don't you.  
Please No. the girl said I'm a virgin.  
Not for long you won't be, you will just have to find a husband that doesn't
  care you have been already fucked. I intend to get my money back by using you
  as a Whore, this will be your secret shame.  
He then started to caress her trouser clad buttocks. Explaining that as she
  had felt the cane before, he wasn't going to secure her hands.  
But if she raised her head more than six inches higher than it was now, he
  was going to give her an extra stroke. And extra punishment if she did it twice
  Do you understand.  
He didn't wait for a reply.  
Pushing the girl's head down further so that she was more tightly bent he
  then took the cane and taped it gently on to the girls tightly bent Bottom
  making the girl wait expectantly In the Mirror, he watched the girl tense and
  clench her eyes, gritting her teeth  
Then he sadistically remove it and whipped it through empty air.  
Katrina gasped and her head shot up, her hands flew back to protect her bottom.  
Naughty, Naughty young lady, doing that will get you an extra stroke and
  he again firmly pushed her head down again , by clamping his hand very tightly
  around the back of her neck and forcing her head down. Using the other hand
  to lift her bottom up a little so it was at a better position to smack with
  the cane, Hard.  
He also made her shuffle her legs open slightly so that her crutch was more
  visible, and available. Knowing this would make her feel even more vulnerable  
Again, he tapped the bending girl exactly in the middle of her deserving
  arse. And watched with lust as her trousered clad bottom took on a soft imprint
  of the cane, so soft was her arse . As he tapped her bottom, he saw her buttocks
  clench in fear as she tried to prepare herself for a sting cut. Raising its
  high, this time he struck, Whack! The cane stuck as hard as Andy could bring
  it down and was rewarded by seeing it sink deep into the buttocks of the Slag
  bending over ,then bounced of leaving a dark crease on the light business suit
  .  
Andy knew that mark would be duplicated on the skin below it and it had hurt
  like hell  
The girl touching her toes, jerked badly, then froze, and in the strategically
  placed mirror, Andy saw her screw up her eyes and her jaw clenched as the pain
  transferred from her bottom to her mind. She stayed still with the pain still
  radiating up from her bottom for several seconds before the extreme agony eased
  a little . But she stayed silent.  
Which suited Andy admirably. The last thing he wanted was a Asian Virgin
  screaming her head off in his back office while her bottom were being attended
  to.  
Giving her time to absorb the pain, he gently used his fingers to grip and
  massage the girl's cunt through her trousers while he waited for the pain to
  subside a little. Reminding the girl again that she wasn't only here to have
  her bottoms smacked.  
About six seconds later he repeated the stroke, he watched, enjoying the
  sight of cane biting into the girls soft posterior, knowing exactly how painful
  it was.  
Again, Katrina jumped violently, but her head stayed lowered, though her
  face again went into contortions and the crease in her pant was stretched out
  of existence to appear a couple of inches lower  
Andy took plenty of time to enjoy the sight of the dirty little Asian Thief
  bottom being attended to do. And waited a full 20 seconds before striking again  
The next stroke he aimed for the soft overhang of the bending girls buttocks.
  Knowing that the cane would land very close to the area that he would soon
  be exploring with his Dick.  
The girl yelled and made the mistake of slightly rising to her feet.  
Andy, scolded her and said, that's a extra one, and almost instantly hit
  her again in the same place.  
Again, she jumped. And in agony, stood halfway up, her eyes squeezed shut
  and her mouth compressed and grimacing her hands reaching back as she clenched
  her bottom in a vain attempt to control the pain  
Andy called a halt to the caning.  
Making her stand up, he said to her, I warned you. Undo your belt and take
  off those suit trousers. The crying girl had no option, and silently while
  crying bitterly, put her hands on the trouser belt, and undid it.  
She was soon painfully stepping out of her grey trousers, showing Andy her
  long slim lightly brown legs and a pair of slightly darker thighs, encased
  in some very glamorous red silk underwear. From which poked thick fine pubic
  hair Leaving the highly embarrassed girl to keep her underwear on he had her
  resume her position.  
Once the girl was again in a recumbent position he gently stroked the seat
  of her panties, noticing the four light red welts that protruded from each
  side.  
Andy knew there were no other females in the Asian household, so no one would
  see them. By the time he had finished, she would have 14 or 15 and that smooth
  young coffee coloured rump would be covered in welts and bruises . Tonight
  she could shave her cunt getting it ready for him to fuck next day  
He then slid his hand to one side and pushed it gently under the red silk
  material, pushing his hand around her bottom till it slid between the girl's
  sexy thighs. As he gently manipulated the bending girls genitals, a shudder
  of revulsion shook the slim young Asian.  
Andy commented that she had a exquisite soft pussy, and he was looking very
  much forward to extracting some of his money from between her legs. Exchanging
  it for some warm cum. Was she looking forward to sharing it with him.  
When he got no answer except a sob he commented that, that was for a little
  later, first he had to continue tattooing her little thieving Bottom. But he
  was so looking forward to deflowering her  
But before continuing, he undid his flies and totally removed his trousers
  and underpants standing only in his shirt and tie, socks and shoes, exposing
  a very rampant erect Dick for Katrina to watch pulsing with engorged blood
  .  
Andy wasn't interested in the slightest in kissing and cuddling this girl;
  he had plenty of girlfriends for that. She was just going to be a piece of
  meat for him to used and send on her way with a fucked cunt and a painful bottom.
  She wasn't here for making love to, just to be thrashed and fucked  
He would for kicks, suck those delectable tits and caress her cunt but only
  for his own satisfaction. She was mainly here to provide it on a weekly basis
  , an outlet for his sadistic desires to thrash desirable girls backsides.  
Gently cupping the girls crying face, he made her turn her head and watch
  him, rubbing his Dick with his hand. Katrina sobbed and despairingly closed
  her eyes.  
Walking up to the stooping girl, he bent slightly forward and delicately
  and deliberately slowly folded down the girl's soft silk underwear, exposing
  her dark skin with its four painful welts to the air. Now when the cane landed
  it would be smacking into a deliciously soft, lightly coloured brown skin.
  That skin he fondled and caressed, sending shivers into Katriner's slim body.
  The four welts he had already introduced into the deliciously soft flesh standing
  out vividly.  
Right young lady. You have nine more to go, would it be a help if I secured
  your wrists to your legs?  
No the girl wept, please I can manage. Andy then picked up the cane and taking
  his time added one more vivid red Welt to the ones already decorating the young
  ladies bottom. Whack! A instant white line appeared under the cane and quickly
  turned to a raised swollen red Weal. Katrina let out a yell that bussed Andy's
  mind, not loud but showing the total shame, anguish and shameful pain Katrina
  was feeling  
It took him another 10 minutes to finish her caning; making sure it was as
  humiliating and painful as possible and added two extra for fun . When he had
  finished the whole of her bottom was ridged and swollen, with 15 very painful
  welts and weals and the girl was almost hysterical with pain. The flesh between
  each ridge was turning a dark purple. Her bottom was a mess of bruises and
  lumps  
The girl must be in agony thought Andy. Andy he knew that most people thought
  that once the actual caning was over then the pain subsided substantially.  
He knew that this young lady would be in constant reminder of her backside
  for sometime to come. When he saw her next the bruising would most probably
  have gone but she would still be carrying 15 pink marks which he then intended
  to return to their former state of being at swollen, bruised and welted  
Putting the cane down on the floor, he set her to work to reclaim some of
  the debt she owed him, by fucking her.  
Leaving the girl still touching her toes like a animal being serviced, he
  went back to stand behind the girl and bending down between her slightly open
  thighs. Again taking his time, he gave her a good inspection between her inner
  thighs, pulling open her sex lips and running his finger gently over the girl's
  now suddenly tight and firm clitoris. While the girl bent submissivly, letting
  it happen But hating every moment. Andy was able to watch her upturned face
  through her legs wincing and crying as her fingered her privates. Each time
  he opened her cunt lips or touched her clitoris the girl jerked and Andy heard
  a whimpering sound  
It looks as if it knows its, its Wedding Day, he observed, you're not yet
  very wet, but never mind you soon will be.  
He had no intention of stimulating the girl specifically. If she wasn't aroused
  then she would notice it, more .It was a simple as that  
With that he stood up and leant forward reaching out pushing his hands up
  the girls full-bodied lightly tanned body, his hands gliding under the girls
  suit jacket, and inside her white neat office blouse.  
Finding her Bra, he ignored it and worked his fingers inside each cup, so
  he had a firm-encompassing grip around each of the girls hanging soft plump
  breasts. He manovered his hands so the Nipples were between his fingers.  
He then arched his back and brought his penis into contact with the girl's
  Virgin vagina. Whispering into the girls of the ear. "Time To Get Married"  
As he did so he felt the Asian Katrina, start to tremble.  
Gently kneading and manipulating her soft, tender, young breasts, he gently
  thrust his Dick into the girl's cunt. He had only gone in about two inches
  before he met strong resistance to his thrust.  
Whispering in the girl's ear, he asked her if she was ready. Please. The
  girl sobbingly pleaded..  
Sorry you thieving little Slut, but you are going to get it just where you
  deserve it, and with that, commenced to push his Dick slowly but remorselessly
  through the girls hymen.  
The girl's body reacted badly by going into a trembling shake, as her shame
  took hold.  
Once Andy had reduced the resistance, to a tight gripping ring, which encompassed
  his Dick, he speeded up and stimulated his cock up-and-down the girl's now
  very wet cunt.  
It only took him about two minutes for him to relieve his balls and shoot
  his lot into the girls vagina.  
Standing up, he look down at the weeping girl. Might as well get it all over
  and done with in one go, he commented to no one in particular. And rubbing
  his cock around the girl's anus so the surplus cum still dripping from his
  Dick lubricated it. He thrust it into the girl's anus.  
So distressed was the girl about the loss of her virginity ,that having a
  Dick pushed into her back passage really and truly didn't make much difference.  
She would enjoy it much, much, more tomorrow thought Andy  
Andy only thrust a couple of times, as he was not interested at the moment
  in filling the girl with spunk up the arse. Only totally deflowering her cunt
  and arse as promised. He just wanted her to know that buggery was going to
  be a regular thing in the coming weeks ahead.  
Withdrawing he commenced to spank the girl hard with his hand on the back
  of her legs, not so much to hurt her as to reinforce her shame at being a thief.
  The blows while not hard landed on bruised and welted flesh and each one made
  the girl jerk and twist at the pain.  
Standing up he went to the cupboard and got out a packet of the tissues,
  one of which he pulled out and gave to the still weeping bending girl, telling
  her to clean herself up and get dressed.  
When Katrina had herself into her clothes and had tidied herself up a little.
  Andy gave her a small packet. Explaining, Oral contraceptives it might be a
  good idea if you took one.  
I can't take those, she protested if the family find out, I would be in real
  trouble  
Andy laughed you had better, it's better for you to chance them to finding
  out that you are taking the pill, than finding you in nine months' time squatting
  with a baby pushing out of your cunt. I want to see you here again about the
  same time tomorrow.  
But I can't do that wept the distressed girl, you said it would be once a
  week.  
That's for your Punishment, he said. Your arse is going to get 12 strokes
  of the cane caressing it every week. But your friends with your help took a
  lot of money from me. Money I would have used to hire a Whore for me to fuck
  Your going to replace her. I am going to used you until it's all paid back.  
Tomorrow I'm going to teach you how to suck my cock to get it ready to push
  between your tight little thighs once again. And I want a little more time
  to enjoy buggering your sweet little Bottom. Katrina wept and looked at the
  floor realising she had no option but let him use her.  
I highly advise you to start taking one of those pills now, I intend to enjoy
  screwing you at least three times a week. As well as caning you and fucking
  you in a separate session as well. I will need at least 2 hours to do you properly  
But I can't I have a stall to run, I had a problem today getting someone
  to look after it while I came here.  
Isn't it time you told your brothers that you needed to see your mother a
  little more, her mother was divorced.  
Tell them tonight that your mother has a problem, which she will have if
  she knew you had stolen all that money.  
And I will meet you as planned at 3 o'clock tomorrow afternoon, and this
  time you will come without those ridiculous red knickers and with your tits
  flopping about it in your business suit, ready it for me to enjoy. And spend
  time tonight purging that now, not virgin cunt, of that pubic hair. I like
  to see a girl's cunt wink at me before I fuck it  
Is that quite clear or do I have spell out what will happen if you don't
  arrive.  
Take a little while to compose yourself in the toilet and then let yourself
  out. He then slapped her soundly on her still stinging and red raw Bottom and
  showed her the door.  
He sat down very satisfied with himself, he knew the girl would be back tomorrow,
  and when ever he said. He would keep that Bottom of hers showing red welts,
  renewed on a weekly basis. As there were no female at home and no boyfriend,
  he knew nobody would see she was being caned on a regular basis.  
She maybe extremely miserable about coming but come she would, being disciplined
  into the Asian way of life.  
Give it three or four weeks and he would start introducing her to some of
  his friends. First, just to watch him shag her, then to partake as a second
  cock for Katrina to suck and absorb. But later he would lease her out for the
  weekly punishment sessions. A session with John a close friend would be a exsperiance
  for her  
.He would use her as a sexual slave and service her like a Dog while he watched
  her misery. Once he had decorated her arse for the eighth time, someone would
  let slip to the family, who knowing Asians would have her forcibly examined
  and thrown out of the house. The poor girl would then have to come to him for
  help. From there, it was a slippery slope into a Whorehouse, which employed
  slave girls.  
He would enjoy watching her being spanked naked, over a punters lap, her
  dark skin contrasting nicely with the Lily-white thighs of her Punisher. As
  he watched, her light brown bottom jerking in the air as a punter gave her
  a sound good hiding.  
He knew that the punter would then cream her cunt before using a riding crop
  on her now. Not so, smooth Bottom,  
For this he would have her suspended standing, her wrist held suspended by
  a rope above her head, her cute coloured bottom jerking and her body turning
  and twisting on the rope as he whipped her deserving behind.  
She would only do one or two clients a week, the rest of to time she could
  attend to his sexual needs or work in his massage parlour as a Whore.  
Tomorrow he would introduce that Asian mouth into the joys of sucking cock
  and swallowing cum and he would then give her a though gynocalicical examination
  while held in bondage before again filling her sweet fresh cunt with cum. And
  would spent time in giving her the thrill of being buggered properly. A slow
  thrust in and out of her arse and a nice long jerking orgasm should prepare
  her to have her bottom filled with urine as she would when John got hold of
  her  
The next day at three-clock .The Asian girl turned up on the dot for the
  second instalment of her Whores conversion course.  
Andy took her out the back into the studio where he had first stuffed Kelly
  and Zoe in their audition.  
He had heard that both had just arrived in Egypt on their respective journeys
  to an unknown Arab country and the Ukraine. To celebrate their arrival Ginene
  had them do a video, which was about a Subject so well remembered by all the
  national service men who took R&amp;R in that city during the second world
  war.  
Both girls were shagged by a Donkey.  
The Mangy Beast did Kelly straight i.e. laying on her back, tied half over
  a wooden bench so her spread legs dangle over the end. Her cunt open and inviting
  as the Donkey was brought in ,it cock rampant.  
Ginene told him in graphic terms on the phone that she screamed and wept
  as she got it, desperately pleading for mercy when she first saw her suitor
  and then felt it between her legs . Donkey's dicks are slightly thicker than
  a human but are longer and slimy and the ejaculation was far warmer and of
  much larger capacity than a human . Ginene said Kelly had screamed in pain
  as the Donkey shot its lot into her human cunt crying in distress as she was
  used as a copulation relief by a animal . All this to her shame in front of
  about 20 local dignitaries who had come to see such a well-remembered scene
  re-enacted.  
The sight of the young lass lying, legs open with the donkeys foreleg resting
  near her head, enjoying the mortification of having a donkey prick disappearing
  in and out of her cunt as she lay on her back screaming and protesting, only
  able to peer up at its hairy belly, brought back fond memories  
Zoe being the slightly more attractive and deserving, had to wait until next
  day for her Celebrity role with the creature. Her role while similar was slightly
  different, being a stylised version of the vulgar shagging Kelly got.  
Zoe was more prim and decorous and objected to sharing her bed with a common
  Ass, so she had to be dragged out naked from the side wings, by a rope around
  her neck, screaming her protest. The other end being attached to her suitor
  who pulled her kicking and screaming to her private Wedding ceremony.  
When the two-some were at centre stage, she had been held and forcibly bent
  naked face down over a wire frame, which held her in an arched over position
  but was completely hidden by her body. The frame had two projections protruding
  from it horizontally in the middle of the arch so the Donkey could rest its
  fetlocks and do its business in comfort  
Then her long legs were secured wide apart by silver straps secured to the
  floor and her slim ankles. This position allowing her most precious assets,
  her breasts, to hang seductively down and jiggle as she got it between her
  legs.  
Being the more desirable of the two ladies, unfortunately for Zoe she got
  it twice. First up the arse, used by a scruffy black haired Donkey called Sam,
  who having had Kelly the day before and was acting as best man at this wedding.  
Then into her wedding tackle plunged Harry her Bridegroom, A smart brown
  Jackass. Ginene said at first, it seemed reluctant to mount the very emotional
  Zoe but once its Dick had been placed in her wedding gear, it had gone at her
  with gusto. Being a well-endowed animal, the spunk had over-flowed onto the
  floor  
For the ceremony her head had been adorned with a imitation diamond Coronet
  and a thin fine lace veil and her neck adorned with plastic silver roses so
  to the leering crowd she was most tastefully shagged between the arse checks
  by her bestial Best Man before having her equestrian Husband copulate in her
  sexual orifice.  
It seemed that she had taken it all, with her mouth stretched as wide open
  as her cunt, As she gave vent to the intense emotion she felt at being allowed
  to partake in such a historically scene by screaming almost constantly in to
  her veil during the ceremony.  
Bringing his mind back from the delicious scene of Zoe getting a double Rogering
  from a two grubby Jackass, Andy concentrated on the ill-fated Asian girl. Telling
  her to strip total naked he had her stand with her hand on her head while he
  examined her as his private Whore.  
She had underneath that Asian clothing quite an attractive Body, her arse
  was soft and yielding, as he had found out yesterday and to match it she had
  two lovely soft Tits that held their shape magnificently.  
Her arse was extremely well decorated with the welts he had applied yesterday.
  Her soft pliable bottom was neatly covered with 15 nicely placed weals that
  had gone dark black  
Once he had examined the shamed and embarrassed thief, he went quickly into
  action, or at least Katrina did,  
Tying her hands behind her with thick cord, he ordered her to kneel at his
  crotch. When she was praying at his crutch he had the terrified girl open her
  mouth wide, kiss and suck his Dick. Once it was in her mouth and she had rendered
  it into a fully erect state. He reached out and pulled her head violently forward
  so his fully erect, rampant Dick went deep into her throat.  
Katrina struggled and fought but to no avail. Andy's meat went down her throat
  and Andy kept it there until she got used to the idea. No mercy for this Slut
  . She was just a piece of whoremeat that Andy had picked up cheap and was going
  to be ill-used for sex.  
It took the choking female at his crutch several minutes before, with eyes
  streaming she was able to take him thrusting his loins forward and she could
  take it down her throat without reaching violently.  
Nevertheless, learn she did before Andy would let her discover her next lesson.
  That she swallowed all of the body fluids he put into her mouth. He had been
  waiting and thinking about coming in that dark red creamy mouth for sometime
  so his balls were loaded  
To enforce the message as just exactly why she was here he made her move
  the cume around her mouth before getting her to open it so he could see her
  coated tongue and teeth. The girl obliged but gagged all the time at the thought
  of what horrors she had in her mouth while she held it open for his inspection.  
She nearly vomited when told to swallow it. He did not piss into her mouth
  this time, leaving that lesson for later sessions. At that time, the Asian
  would also undergo the exsperiance of her bottom and intestines used as a male
  urinal.  
He then put her bronzed body over his lap and spanked her still very tender
  welted backside. He intended to keep to the arrangement of only caning her
  once a week but her arse was fair game for light corporal punishment at any
  time.  
For Katrina the light slaps where agonising but so humiliated and shamed
  by the theft she had committed, that while twisting and squirming she only
  made muted protests.  
He then concentrated on finishing what he had achieved yesterday the complete
  destruction of her hymen. Using a large black dildo, he fed it into her cunt
  and rammed it several time in and out of her. Wanking her off brutally. Making
  sure that the Whore was fully deflowered and opened up  
The ramming of the dildo into her, as she lay prone over his lap finally
  brought home the shame she had brought on her family. And she cried in remorse.  
Making the girl get to her feet he then had her kneel on the bed and greasing
  her anuse he introduced her a second time into the delights of having her back
  passage reamed out by a mans Dick.  
Now she was not so distraught at being deflowered, Andy was able to force
  his Dick deep into her anuse and he made her wait as long as possible before
  shooting his lot deep up her arse. Her object lesson over he then showed the
  complete contempt he felt for her by posing her standing up, her cunt impaled
  on a long upright, adjustable dildo, bound and static while he took several
  photos for advertising to future clients.  
The dildo went so deep into her holding her so securely on the impaling block
  that even if Andy had produced a knife and threatened to cut her delectable
  slim throat, she could not have moved away to save herself.  
Katrina stood stock still, on the base, a large plastic dildo up between
  her legs, impaling her cunt while Andy got out his diary and reminded her that
  her next arse warming session was in 6 days. She was to come dressed as a schoolgirl
  as he had desk spare in the classroom and she would be doing some tests in
  a scene for a video he was doing.  
She would then get her next set of twelve strokes of the cane across her
  navy blue school knickers. Unless she moved of course them it would be her
  bare bottom that he slashed with the cane .  
When she had protested that that was impossible he had agreed that the time
  could be moved to a more safer time. Later in the evening when she had closed,
  the stall and her brothers had gone down the pub. But as a concession told
  her she would also receive in the video twelve slaps of a ruler across her
  hands and get her bottom strapped, before getting her ordered 12 cuts for the
  week. Katrina had no option but to agree. Andy did not add that also she would
  perform in front of a small audience of two. Punters who would pay for the
  privilege of watching a religious minded Young woman slowly turned into a submissive
  Prostitute  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blackstar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





