BDSM Library - Little Darlings




Little Darlings
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: To find their Mistress, two young women undertake a three hundred mile journey... completely naked.Little Darlings   
by  
Robin Lane   
Sandy walked along the side of the decaying asphalt road, clutching her ragged
  sweater about herself as tightly as she could against the chill of the late
  evening rain. Locks of her light brown hair, soaked and dripping with rainwater,
  dangled loosely in front of her face. Her tattered and filthy canvas shoes
  plopped through the shallow puddles on the pavement, and her thin blue skirt,
  stained and hopelessly dirty, swayed limply back and forth with each step.
  She felt cold, tired, and so very hungry. She could not recall the last time
  she had a full meal, and the scraps of meat she and potato peelings she found
  yesterday in that trash can outside those old apartments tasted rotten, which
  they probably were, crawling with those tiny insects. Still, her stomach cramped
  and growled so badly that she would have eaten anything... if she had anything.
  Right now, even that garbage sounded good.  
She plodded on down the vacant road... wet, cold, hungry and miserable. The
  gray darkness deepened slowly. The rain wasn't that heavy, but the mist it
  kicked up as it struck the ground obscured everything around her so that she
  could barely see the trees on either side of the road. All she could do was
  keep following the edge of the road, walking unsteadily, shivering and sniffling.
  Her frail, ragged clothes barely stayed on her thin white body, and she could
  even feel the threadbare fabric of her dress tearing little by little with
  each step. She felt so alone and tired and helpless, and she wept softly, her
  tears vanishing into the rivulets of rain that trickled down her face as she
  made her way slowly down the road and further into the gathering dark.  
Almost as soon as the last meager fragments of light vanished, threatening
  to leave her in total darkness, she saw a single light appear some distance
  ahead, flickering through the dark and the mist. First it flashed red, then
  yellow, and repeated the sequence every couple of seconds. Her heart brightened,
  and she quickened her pace in response to the light's promise of shelter...
  maybe even something to eat.  
Too weak to run, she walked as quickly as her shaking legs would permit.
  The red and yellow flashes grew stronger... closer.... Then suddenly she was
  on it, and saw that it was an electric sign on a tall pole. The plastic covering
  over the lights made a slight drumming noise as she read the sign. "Valley
  Motel" it read, and below that, flickering and buzzing, she saw a neon sign,
  it's tubes twisted into the words 'no vacancy,' just barely light enough for
  her to read through the mist.  
Sandy looked to her right, and almost smiled, clutching her sweater tighter,
  then loosening it quickly as she heard a vulgar tearing noise at her shoulder.
  She looked at it, and saw that the decaying sweater's arm was almost completely
  pulled off. Her few rags of clothes would not last much longer. She knew she
  would have to find something else to wear soon or go naked, and food as well
  or she would surely starve to death. But the most pressing thing at the moment
  was finding some shelter... to get out of the rain and try to dry off as best
  she could.  
She looked around again, and through the mist she could just barely make
  out the outlines of a few low buildings with cars parked in front of them...
  the motel, she guessed. Slowly, cautiously, she approached, ready to run at
  the slightest noise. The small motel apparently had only eight rooms and each
  one had a car parked in front. Soft light shown from the windows. To her left,
  she saw a small bungalow with large pane windows and an unlit sign over the
  glass door that read, 'office.' The building was dark, the office closed for
  the night.  
Sandy felt her despair chill her again, and she tried her best to resist
  it. Through the patter of the rain, she could hear the murmur of voices and
  radio music coming from the rooms. But outside, no one stirred. The tenants
  were all warm and dry in their rooms. Sandy wished in her heart she were one
  of them. But how could she be... a sixteen-year-old runaway from a foster home
  where she was treated like an animal. She had nothing... no money, no education,
  no vehicle... and as she felt the dress, fragile from wear and heavy with rainwater,
  tear a little bit at her waist, she would soon have no clothes either. She
  was alone, and no one cared for or about her. She hung her head and wept in
  the rain.  
Presently, she walked around to the side of the motel, looking for someplace
  to get out of the rain. All she saw when she came around behind the office
  was a tall blue dumpster with rusted edges and flaking white lettering she
  could not read in the darkness. Beyond that, she could see a sharp drop-off
  into a deep ravine. She could see no further.  
She felt dizzy from hunger and cold, and knew she could go no further. As
  sordid as it was, the dumpster was the best shelter she could expect for now.
  There was just nothing else except the rain.  
Sandy pulled her wet hair away from her face, and walked up to the dumpster.
  She found the side panel, and pulled it open with a low droning noise of wet,
  rusty steel on wet, rusty steel. The stench of rotten garbage immediately assaulted
  her nose, almost making her wretch. Forcing herself to breathe the foul, wet
  odor, she looked inside. The dumpster had apparently been recently emptied.
  Only a few white bags full of garbage lay inside, almost covering the muck-coated
  floor. The same putrid crud covered the steel walls. Above her, the lid drummed
  dully from the raindrops. But the white bags seemed free of puddles as far
  as Sandy could tell, so she jumped and pulled herself into the panel opening.
  With a clumsy sprawl, she tumbled into the dumpster and fell onto the bags.  
The stench of the inside was almost overpowering, but at least she was out
  of the rain. And the white garbage bags felt lumpy, and made crumpling sounds
  as Sandy moved on them. Clambering around on the bags, she tried to make herself
  comfortable.  
Each movement, though, made Sandy's dress and sweater tear more and more,
  almost shredding themselves into rags. She decided the best thing, for the
  moment, would be to try to get them dry. She stood up as erect as she could,
  and carefully removed her sweater. She found high peak of the garbage bags,
  and laid it out as flat as possible, hoping it would be enough to allow it
  to dry. Then she lifted her dress up and over her head. She did her best not
  to damage it further, but it was no good. The soaked fabric tore easily at
  the slightest strain, and Sandy felt it fall apart as she pulled it away from
  her body. In the dim light that leaked into the dumpster from the flashing
  sign, she saw in her hands what was left of her dress. It was now just a rag,
  with no solid seams.  
That was it. Even the sweater would do her no good now. She had nothing,
  not even clothes. Angrily, Sandy screamed and threw the wad of rags that used
  to be her dress against the dumpster wall. It hit with a dull, ringing thud.
  Sandy fell forward and lay on the plastic garbage bags. Despair overwhelmed
  her, and she wept bitterly, her thin white body completely exposed. She didn't
  even have a bra or panties... not for weeks now. She was completely naked and
  exposed. She felt vulnerable and helpless and alone. All she could do was lie
  naked on the plastic bags, shivering against the cold, and cry. Her small tits
  quivered slightly on her slim chest with each sob, and even her pussy felt
  cold. The drumming of the rain drowned out the sounds of her sorrow. No one
  heard her. Eventually, weariness and weakness overcame her, and she drifted
  off to sleep.  
Sandy had no idea how long she had been asleep, but it could not have been
  more than an hour, when a clambering noise filled the dumpster and woke her.
  She jumped and turned quickly, just in time to see another pale, shabby-looking
  form tumble through the panel opening and into the Dumpster with her. Frozen
  with panic, she gasped and stared at the person that rose clumsily from the
  floor to stand above her. "Omigod!" said a high, sweet feminine voice that
  seemed surprised. The person stood still, looking down at Sandy's naked body.  
The visitor looked to be another young girl, Sandy could tell, about her
  own age an certainly no bigger. She wore tattered cut-off blue jean shorts
  and a ragged tee shirt too filthy to be white any more. She stared at Sandy,
  open mouthed and shivering. Sandy stared back, not sure what to do or say.  
"I'm sorry," said the girl, her long black hair dangling in wet tangles about
  her face as she wrapped her arms around herself, "I... I'm sorry... I didn't
  know there was anyone in here." The girl shook visibly in the dim light.  
Sandy felt only fear, but it seemed to be quickly fading to simmering anger. "Get
  out!" she said, "I was here first!"  
The girl stammered. "Is... Is there another dumpster around here?" she asked
  meekly, "Or an old shack or barn or something, do you know?"  
"No, I don't," responded Sandy, her fear not completely gone, "Now get out!"  
The slim, shivering girl turned slowly toward the panel opening where she
  entered, and Sandy thought she heard her whimpering. The girl turned back toward
  Sandy slowly. "Please," she said softly, "I... I'm cold and wet, and there
  isn't anyplace else that I can find." She looked at Sandy with a dejected look
  on her face, her eyes pleading. "I promise I won't hurt you. Please let me
  stay in here with you, please?"  
Sandy almost screamed at the intruder, but stopped herself. She had climbed
  into this filthy garbage bin for the same reason this girl had. She felt compassion
  warm her fear and calm her anger, but she still did not know how to respond.  
"I have some food," said the girl, "I'll share it if you want. Are you hungry?"  
Sandy felt her heart leap. Food! She was hungry... very hungry. Even though
  she did not know this girl, the prospect of a meal, or just a snack, sounded
  very good. "What have you got," she asked.  
The girl smiled and reached down to the floor, then lifted up a small canvas
  bag. "It's not much," she said as she sat on the full garbage bags. Sandy almost
  recoiled from the closeness of the girl, but settled when she saw that her
  open the bag. "I just have a few chocolate bars and an old cinnamon roll, and
  also a can of orange soda." She pulled out the cellophane-wrapped roll, and
  offered it to Sandy.  
The naked girl snatched the roll from the intruder's small hand, and ripped
  franticly at the wrapping, eating it almost before the cellophane was completely
  torn away. It was dry and crumbly, but Sandy reveled in the sweet, cinnamon
  flavor. She greedily devoured it, and even licked the cellophane.  
The other girl giggled. "You're welcome!" she said, her voice sounding a
  little lighter.  
Sandy swallowed and licked her lips, and returned the girl's smile. "Sorry," she
  said, "I'm just so hungry. I've had nothing to eat for three days except some
  dry potato peelings. Thank you very much."  
"It's okay," said the girl, and handed Sandy a new chocolate bar, "I guess
  I'm not the only one who's been eating garbage. I stole these yesterday from
  a pickup truck."  
Sandy took the candy bar, and began removing the wrapper. "I'm sorry, too," she
  said, "I just didn't expect anyone else to come in here. I've been walking
  in the rain all day, and this is the only dry place I could find that didn't
  require money." She began greedily munching the tasty chocolate.  
The girl tore the wrapper off of another candy bar, and began nibbling it. "You're
  a runaway, aren't you?" Sandy nodded, but said nothing. "Me, too," continued
  the girl, "for six weeks now. I come from New York. I'm headed to Columbia,
  Missouri."  
"Family there?" asked Sandy, her mouth half full of the sweet chocolate.  
"My... uh, just a friend," said the girl, "She said if I ever needed help,
  I could go to her. She'll take me in and take care of me and all I have to
  do is be her...." She fell quiet, and turned her attention to the chocolate.  
Sandy felt a little intrigued by the girl's sudden silence, swallowed the
  last of the chocolate bar, and tossed aside the empty wrapper. "You're lucky," she
  said, "At least you have some place to go. I don't have anyone or anything."  
"Not even any clothes?" asked the girl, "You're quite pretty... being naked
  and all."  
Her words almost startled Sandy. She had forgotten about her lack of clothing,
  and she meekly tried to cover her exposed titties with her arm. "Oh, shit," she
  said, "I was so excited about food I forgot I was bare. My dress is over there,
  but it's just a rag now. I have my sweater, but I think it's in the same condition.
  Do you have any spare clothes in that bag?"  
The girl swallowed the last of her chocolate bar. "I'm sorry, but I don't," she
  said, "And what I have on isn't going to last more than another day or two.
  Then I think I'll be as naked as you." She tossed aside the empty candy wrapper,
  and extended a hand. "My name is Grace," she said, "and you are...."  
"Sandy."  
The two girls shook hands, and Sandy felt comforted by the other girl's touch,
  and held the soft, dainty hand for a few moments before reluctantly letting
  go.  
"Nice to meet you, I guess," said Sandy, pulling back her tangled brown locks
  from her face. "You look to be about my age."  
"Seventeen," said Grace, "Where are you from?"  
"Arlington, Virginia," replied Sandy, "but I'll never go back there. I don't
  think I would survive the first day after my foster parents get their hands
  on me again. They're why I ran away. I got tired of being beaten and...." She
  hesitated to continue.  
"Raped?" said Grace as she lay back on the plastic bags, "That's why I left.
  My father's just an animal, and I didn't like Albany anyway." She shuffled
  closer to Sandy, still shivering. "Look, I'm cold and wet, and I'm sure you
  are, too. If you would trust me that far, we could hold each other and it would
  help us keep warmer. It's hours until daybreak, and I don't think the rain
  is going to let up for at least two more days."  
Sandy shivered, the chill in the air reminding her of the truth of Grace's
  words. A little hesitantly, she agreed. The two pretty teen girls embraced,
  and lay back on the plastic bags of garbage.  
Sandy immediately felt warmer, and she snuggled tightly against Grace's body.
  Her new friend seemed stronger than she did, but not by much, and Sandy felt
  further calmed by Grace's slow, easy breathing. Her tummy also felt a little
  warmer now as she felt her body beginning to respond to fresh nourishment.
  She held tightly to Grace, feeling her slightly smaller tits through the thin
  tee. She felt a little jealous of Grace, but didn't want to leave the warmth
  and comfort of her embrace. It felt so good, almost sensual, and Sandy felt
  her pussy begin to tingle in response. It almost alarmed her. She had never
  had sexual feelings for a girl before. She thought about the one boy she had
  fucked six months before, behind the cafeteria at her school in Albany. That
  was great. But besides her foster parents, that was she had ever experienced
  sexually. "Gee, Grace," she said eventually, "I'm so jealous of you. I wish
  I had a place to go and a friend to stay with." Then she fell silent, listening
  to the droning of the rain on the dumpster lid and enjoying the other girl's
  warm body.  
"Maybe you could go, too," said Grace.  
The words seemed almost odd to Sandy, and she lifted her head. She found
  herself looking into Grace's dark eyes. "What do you mean?" she asked.  
Grace smiled a little hesitantly. "Well," she said softly, "It's a little
  hard to explain. Do you know what BDSM is?"  
Sandy thought for a moment. She had heard of it, but knew very little. "You
  mean, like, people who get off on pain? Like sex slaves... and their Masters?"  
"Or... Mistresses... yes," said Grace, "The lady I am going to in Columbia
  is a BDSM Mistress. I met her about a year ago, and she taught me about what
  she did... her lifestyle, I guess you could call it. It sounded like fun, but
  I didn't take it seriously. Now, though, I don't have anything else, but Carla...
  that's her name, Mistress Carla... she gave me her picture with her address
  on the back, and said if I was ever interested, I could come to her. All I
  would have to do is... well...." Her words broke, but Sandy listened intently
  for her to continue. "She said that all I had to do was let her keep me as
  a sex slave, and train me that way."  
"Aren't you scared?" asked Sandy, "I would be scared of the pain."  
"It's not bad, really," answered Grace, "She used a paddle on my ass a couple
  of times, which made me cry but it was very exciting. I also liked it when
  she tied me to a table and fucked me."  
"Mm.... " said Sandy, and she smiled, "Getting fucked does sound good. But
  do you think she... Carla... um, Mistress Carla would take me as well. I don't
  know about becoming a sex slave, but I sure do need a place to stay."  
"I don't know, " replied Grace, her voice a little brighter now, "but even
  if she didn't, you wouldn't be any worse off than you are now."  
Sandy sighed. The prospect did seem foreign... almost alien. But Grace was
  right. There was no harm in checking it out. What could she loose, after all...
  her clothes. "How would we get there?" she asked, "I don't have anything to
  wear now."  
"Well, we would have to stay off the roads anyway," said Grace, "but I've
  been in this part of the country several times with my father. I think I know
  a way we can get there. We just have to stay out of sight."  
"I see," said Sandy, and she snuggled back into Grace's warm embrace, her
  mind racing with thoughts that made her tremble. "A sex slave... to a woman.
  I'm no virgin, but I've never been with another female before."  
Grace lifted her head and smiled at Sandy, and the two young, pretty girls
  gazed into each other's eyes. "I can teach you a little," she said, "Do you
  want to try?"  
Sandy looked up at her, a little afraid, but the prospect of making love...
  feeling loved... seemed tremendously inviting to her. Despite the cold and
  the stench of garbage around them, she found herself nodding slightly.  
Grace held Sandy tightly, and slowly pressed her companion's. Sandy trembled
  with uncertainty, but did not resist as she felt Grace's warm tongue slither
  between her lips and invade her mouth. Almost instinctively, she began to gently
  suck it, and Grace responded by moaning with pleasure.  
The two girls kissed deeply for several minutes. Sandy found herself responding
  to the dark-haired girl's warm embrace and wet, wiggling tongue. Her hips began
  slowly grinding, and her pussy tingled and throbbed despite the cold. Grace
  moved one hand around to Sandy's chest, cupped it over her soft, wet tit, and
  began gently massaging. Sandy didn't know what to do, so she just lay still,
  letting Grace do as she pleased. The girl's warm kisses and gentle caresses
  made Sandy's heart flutter. Almost without thinking, she spread her legs, exposing
  her tight, throbbing cunt to her new friend.  
Grace took the cue without breaking the kiss. She removed her hand from Sandy's
  boob, twitching the stiff little nipple slightly as she did so, and slowly
  slid her hand down the brunette girl's tummy, through the few curls of pussy
  hair, and gently slipped two fingers into Sandy's warm, dripping cunt. Sandy
  moaned with pleasure as she felt the dainty fingers slip into her hole. Grace
  never broke the kiss, but began dipping her fingers in and out of Sandy's hot
  pussy.  
Sandy responded by grinding her hips faster. She kiss her new friend back,
  and moved her hands up under Grace's wet tee to stroke and squeeze the firm,
  supple... if somewhat smaller... titties. Grace moaned, and began finger-fucking
  Sandy's pussy faster.  
Without warning, Sandy felt her excitement explode through her. She jerked,
  muscles tightened, as she came hard and quickly, her cunt spewing a thick stream
  of steamy cunt honey all over Grace's hand.  
The dark-haired girl finally broke their kiss to watch Sandy quiver in ecstasy
  under her. She giggled joyfully, but without mocking, as Sandy's spasms faded
  to labored breathing. "Well," she said, her voice sounding light and playful, "I
  guess getting fucked by another girl isn't such a bad thing, is it?"  
Sandy opened her eyes, and gazed almost lovingly up at her friend. She felt
  brutally exhausted now, and her head spun. "I... I guess..." she said, "I want...
  I want to do the s... same for you, but I think I'm going to pass out." She
  closed her eyes, breathing heavily, wallowing in the afterglow of her ecstasy.  
"It's alright," said Grace softly, and lifted her pussy-juice-soaked hand
  to own mouth, and licked her nasty fingers. Then she wrapped her arms around
  her companion once again, and held her tightly. "I did it for you," she continued, "besides,
  I feel tired myself. Let's try to get some sleep, okay Sandy?"  
The brown-haired girl smiled, embraced her companion, and closed her eyes. "Okay," she
  said, her voice soft and breathy, "It was  very nice.
  Thank you, Grace." She relaxed, letting the warmth of the raven-haired girl's
  young, firm body flow into her.  
There was silence for a few moments, then Grace whispered. "Tomorrow, we
  head for Columbia and Mistress Carla," she said, then lay her head next to
  Sandy's and was still.  
Sandy smiled as she drifted off to sleep. She forgot about her somewhat sated
  hunger for the moment. Not even the stench of the dumpster bothered her now.
  She felt much happier and warmer... not to mention more hopeful... than she
  did just a couple of hours ago. Even if the rain didn't stop, the morning already
  seemed brighter.  
* * * * * * * * * *  
Sandy blinked her eyes, and opened them slightly. Darkness still surrounded
  her, and rain still beat on the lid of the dumpster. She felt insects crawling
  on her tits, and quickly brushed them off. Vaguely, she became aware that she
  was alone amidst the garbage and stench of rotten food, and she sat up. Her
  heart sank as she thought that the previous evening might have been entirely
  a dream, and that Grace... beautiful, kind Grace... was a figment of her imagination.  
No... it was real. At Sandy's feet was the other girl's small canvas bag.
  She smiled to herself, content for the moment in knowing that the previous
  night's delights were real.  
The gray light that streamed in from the open slide panel did indeed seem
  stronger, almost overcoming the flickering light from the sign a few dozen
  yards away, and sounds of auto engines idling drifted in, heard through the
  drone of raindrops on thin place steel above her head. Sandy decided that morning
  must be approaching, and that Grace had left to go searching for something.  
She felt a pang in her stomach, and looked again at the bag. Grace was not
  in the dumpster, but surely she would be back for the bag... wouldn't she?
  Sandy reached for the bag, and opened it. Inside, she found only two chocolate
  bars like the one she ate earlier. She looked at the candy, and almost without
  thinking took one of the bars out of the bag. She licked her lips hungrily.
  It wasn't hers, she knew, but she felt so hungry. She almost hated herself
  for it, but she decided to eat it, and hoped that Grace would understand. She
  sat the bag down. Her fingers trembled as she slowly tore open the wrapper.
  She broke the bar in half, and began munching one of the halves slowly. She
  did not have any idea when she would eat next, and was afraid to look in the
  garbage bags. She dared not guess what she might find in them. . She wanted
  to gobble it down, but she tried to control the urge and savor the flavor.  
"Did you save some for me?"  
Sandy looked up, startled, her firm little titties jiggling on her chest
  as she stared at the smiling face of Grace. The other girl stood outside, again
  soaked in rain that still fell... heavier than before, it seemed to Sandy.
  She felt she had been a naughty little girl, stealing another's candy, and
  had been caught. "I... I'm so sorry, Grace," she mumbled, her hands trembling, "I'm
  just so hungry that I couldn't...."  
"It's okay, really," said Grace as she flipped her wet locks away from her
  face, "We can split it. Give me that other half, please." She held out her
  hand.  
Sandy returned Grace's easy smile, and gave her the other half of the chocolate
  bar. They consumed the candy greedily, and it was gone in moments. Grace licked
  her lips, then wiped the water from her face. "We have to get out of here," she
  said, "The motel office just opened, and people are starting to move around
  outside. Hand me my bag, would you please?"  
Sandy shuffled around on the garbage bags, and handed the canvas bag to her
  friend. "Where are we going to go?" she asked, "I don't have anything to wear
  except my shoes and sweater." She reached down to pick up the sweater. It was
  still soaked, and almost disintegrated to threads in her hands from it's own
  weight. Sandy frowned, almost cried, and tossed it back down. "Well, now not
  even the sweater. Now I'm completely nude. What will I do?"  
"Empty a trash bag," said Grace as she shouldered her bag, "then tear a hole
  in the bottom for your head and two on the sides for your arms. We can't stay
  on the road anyway. Too much traffic. But I think I have found an old hunting
  trail back beyond the ravine. It looks like it goes West for some distance
  into the woods, though I'm not sure how far. We can take that as far as we
  can."  
Sandy nodded her head in agreement. Gingerly, almost overcome with disgust,
  she lifted up one of the bags, untied the top, and dumped it out. Then she
  pulled open a hole in the bottom of the bag, and two more on the sides. She
  then handed it to Grace. "I'll put it on outside," she said, "Help me out of
  here." She stood unsteadily on the bags, and stepped to the panel opening.
  With a slight jump, she pulled naked body up and over the edge, feeling the
  harsh edges of the wet steel bite cruelly into the soft, delicate skin of her
  tummy as she tumbled out. Grace grabbed her shoulders to keep her from falling
  to the ground, then helped her pull herself erect.  
"Wow," said the dark-haired girl as she stared at Sandy's slim body, "You
  really are very pretty! I would even say beautiful! I mean... you're dripping
  with that nasty muck from the garbage, but you look soooooo sexy anyway. I
  love your body... especially those sweet titties!"  
"Thanks, but now I have to cover it up," said Sandy with a smile, but she
  grabbed the white garbage bag, and she flipped the bag out straight. Clumsily,
  she pulled it over her head. It stuck to her wet body wherever it touched,
  making the task difficult, but it did fit over her, though it just barely did
  extend down far enough to conceal her pussy and ass. She pulled her hair out
  straight, and smiled at the raven-tressed girl, seeing the pert little nipples
  plainly visible against the thin fabric of her tee shirt. "You lead the way," she
  said, "Only you know where we are going." Grace laughed. Then she took Sandy
  by the hand, and together they scampered around behind the motel, leaving the
  dumpster behind.  
Sand breathed the fresh air deeply as Grace led her toward a break in the
  edge of the ravine. She was glad to get out of stench of garbage and away from
  the bugs that slithered over her body all night. She trotted along a half step
  behind the other girl, still holding her hand. Like herself, Grace wore small,
  dirty white canvas shoes on her small, dainty feet. The short pants showed
  off her friend's long sleek thighs quite well, and held her ass tight so that
  the round cheeks bounced and quivered with each step. Already, Sandy could
  feel excited sparks of desire tickle her pussy.  
They came to the ravine, and Sandy looked over the edge. Her friend had found
  a narrow, though muddy, path down to the stream below which trickled over some
  rocks. The other side was steep and rocky, but it looked climbable. "Come on," said
  Grace, and she stepped down onto the muddy path. Sandy followed, carefully
  placing her steps to keep from slipping.  
It took only moments, and they were at the bottom of the ravine. The motel...
  indeed all other signs of civilization... vanished behind the trees that towered
  over the two girls. Gingerly, they stepped on the stones in the shallow stream,
  and made their wobbly way to the other side. Grace then let go of Sandy's hand,
  and began climbing up the rocks. Tree roots and other debris stuck out from
  between the rocks, and tore at the clothes, ripping open her tee to expose
  her chest. Sandy gasped at the lovely sight of Graces smallish, though quite
  lovely, white titties. The exposed titflesh quivered, crowned with tiny pink
  nipples drawn up stiff from the chill air. "Shit!" cried Grace angrily, "Now
  I can cover up either!" She clambered up to the top, and ripped off the remaining
  shreds of her tee shirt, then tossed the rags aside.  
Sandy laughed, and climbed up the rocks herself. "Don't be so modest," she
  said, trying to make her voice sound light and musical, "You have really nice
  tits, too!" She set her foot on a loose rock, and it slipped. She fell about
  a foot before she regained herself, but the garbage bag she wore hooked on
  an exposed tree root. As she pulled herself up again, it ripped the thin plastic,
  exposing her right tit to the open air.  
Grace laughed as she shouldered her bag again, then reached down to take
  Sandy's hand and pulled her up. "I guess you shouldn't have made fun of me,
  right?"  
The two laughed together, and Sandy felt comforted. There was no malice in
  Grace's voice. The both enjoyed looking at the other's titties, it seemed.
  Still, she tried to lift the torn shred of plastic back up over her exposed
  tit. It fell away immediately. "Well," she said, "So much for that. It was
  a good idea though. Let's just keep going."  
Grace smiled and nodded. Then she turned away from the ravine, and headed
  up a gently sloping rise, weaving her way between the trees. Sandy followed.  
At the top of the rise, and stood at the edge of the trees, looking out over
  a meadow of tall brown grass. Through the rain, Sandy saw the outline of more
  trees on the other side of the rise summit. Grace continued on for several
  steps, and Sandy followed close behind until they came to parallel ruts of
  an overgrown vehicle trail that ran to the trees on either side of the meadow.  
"This is it," said Grace, "If I remember right, the motel is south of us,
  so this trail goes east and west." She pointed to her left. "This way," she
  said, and started along the path.  
"Just a second," said Sandy, standing still as Grace stopped and looked at
  her. The brown-haired girl clutched at the torn garbage bag she wore. "I can't
  take this," she continued, "It's uncomfortable, and it sticks to me. It's really,
  bothersome, and it still stinks. I can't wear it."  
"Well," said Grace with a shrug, "What do you suggest? I don't have anything
  else for you."  
Sandy sighed heavily, then angrily grasped the fragile plastic. "What the
  hell," she said, and pulled at the bag. The thin white plastic ripped easily,
  and she yanked it impatiently off and away from her body. She tossed the torn
  bag aside, and stood with her hands on her hips, breathing heavily... naked
  and fully exposed in the rain. "At least you still have your shorts," she said,
  trying but failing to smile.  
Grace smirked, and set down her bag again. "It doesn't matter," she said, "They're
  almost destroyed anyway. Look." She hooked her thumbs into the waist of the
  tattered denim, and pushed down. As if on cue, the fragile fabric tore, falling
  away from Grace's hips in frayed rags. Without even stepping out of them, the
  dark-haired girl pulled the pants... what was left of them, away from her body.  
A look of pleased surprise came across Sandy's face as she looked at her
  friend, noting Grace sleek white hips and almost completely hairless pussy
  mound. "You don't have any underwear, either?" she said, the question not really
  demanding an answer. She just breathed heavily as she gazed lustfully at the
  beautiful, slim naked girl before her. Grace also had smears of garbage filth
  covering her lovely body.  
"I haven't worn underwear since my tits started to grow," she said, and then
  bent and picked up her bag, pulling the strap up and over her shoulder, "Now,
  I am just like you... completely naked... and we have no choice but to push
  on.  
"Actually, it seems kind of exciting," said Sandy with a smile, and she chuckled, "I
  kind of feel like a naughty wood nymph, like in the old Greek stories."  
Grace smiled and laughed as well. "It's more like those nasty porno movies," she
  said, "but you're right. It does almost feel fun." She reached out to Sandy's
  chest, and tugged at her left nipple, making the glistening wet titmeat quiver
  and jiggle happily. Sandy laughed, and playfully shook her chest back and forth,
  making her titties wobble and bounce for her friend.  
Again, Grace smiled at Sandy, and turned back to the trail, headed west.
  The two lovely, naked young girls pranced lightly down the trail, the cool
  rain falling on their skin as they trotted along down the rise and into the
  trees again. Though they were wet and naked and hungry, Sandy felt very playful
  and happy. It seemed rather natural, to her, to be cavorting like a playful
  child... or, more correctly, like a nasty little slut... with her equally naked
  and nasty slut friend. They made their way along the path, almost dancing between
  the trees as the rain continued to fall. The only sound breaking through the
  patter of raindrops was their own laughter as they trotted along the trail,
  splashing through shallow puddles and occasionally swatting each other on the
  bare, jiggling ass.  
They continued along the path most of the day. Eventually, they stopped the
  happy prancing and playful naked dancing in the rain, and just walked. Several
  times, they stopped and rested on the soft wet grass. To distract themselves
  from their hunger, they played with each other's soft, firm titties and tender
  ass cheeks. It worked... mostly. Though the pangs were a constant reminder
  to Sandy of her need for nourishment, she was more than happy to feel her friend's
  caresses and to return them.  
As the day wore on toward late afternoon, the steady rain began to thin.
  The two naked girls still walked along the path through the woods, their steps
  falling heavier now as the shuffled through the mud. Their small shoes protected
  their delicate feet from sharp objects, but were irritatingly uncomfortable
  when wet. And hunger kept gnawing at their tummies.  
The rain had completely stopped and the light was beginning to fade when
  the trail and the trees ended at the edge of a field that appeared to have
  been recently plowed and planted. Grace pointed toward the far edge of the
  field, and Sandy smiled as she saw a small farmhouse next to another building,
  probably a barn. Ducking back behind the trees lest they be seen, the two naked
  and filthy girls considered the possibilities. They decided to wait for darkness,
  then sneak up to the house and see if they could find an outside food storage,
  and maybe some clothes.  
They did not have to wait long, as darkness fell quickly. With Grace in the
  lead, the crept across the muddy plowed field. Despite the darkness, there
  appeared to be no light in the house, though it looked well kept. Nothing else
  stirred around them, though they heard an occasional 'mooo' from the barn.  
As they approached the house, Sandy could still not see any lights. There
  were fresh tire tracks in the mud of the driveway, indicating that the occupants
  were probably gone for the time being.  
"What do you think," asked Sandy, licking her lips as she stared at the house.  
"It looks like nobody's home," replied Grace, "And I sure could use something
  to eat. Let's check it out."  
They two naked teen girls crept up slowly to the back door and up the wooden
  steps as quietly as possible. Grace put her hand on the doorknob, and carefully
  turned. The latch fell easily, almost without a sound, and the door swung inward
  at the slightest push. The dark-haired girl turned to Sandy and smiled. "It's
  open," she said, her voice almost a whisper.  
"Still, be careful," whispered Sandy back to her, "There could still be someone
  here."  
Grace nodded, and slowly pushed the door inward. Inside, with only the light
  coming through the window, Sandy could see they were in the kitchen. It looked
  clean and tidy, and the aroma of cooking hung in the air. "I'll check for food," said
  Grace, "You go upstairs and see if you can't find some clothes for us. Be quiet,
  but hurry! We don't know if anyone is still here, or when they will be back
  if they are gone." Sandy nodded in agreement, and moved as quietly as she could
  toward through the kitchen front entrance into the dining room. Behind her,
  she heard her friend carefully open the refrigerator door and rummage through
  the contents.  
Sandy continued toward the front of the house. All was still dark and quiet
  and still. She found the stairs, and crept as carefully as she could up the
  steps into the upstairs hallway. There were three rooms, all with their doors
  standing wide open. Nothing but darkness in them, broken only by the fading
  light from outside.  
She poked her head into the first room. No one there, but it appeared to
  be a small child's room with a tiny bed and a few toys scattered on the floor.
  The second room was also vacant, but it appeared to be a guestroom. There was
  no closet or dresser, just a bed and a vanity. She slowly crept out and went
  to the third room.  
Like the others, this room was also void of any person except Sandy. She
  smiled, deciding there really was no one at home, and hurried into the room
  to check it out. This one seemed to be furnished for adults. The windows, covered
  in lacy drapes, faced the front of the house. The bed was large and solid,
  covered in thick quilts and large, fluffy pillows in blue silk cases. On the
  far wall stood a tall, deep wooden dresser. Sandy approached it, but stopped
  when she glanced at the vanity next to the window and saw herself in the mirror.  
She was filthy, and it showed even in the dim light. She wanted a bath so
  badly. She thought about finding the bathroom and taking a quick shower. She
  approached the mirror, and looked closer at herself. Her face clearly showed
  blotches of crud and filth, as did her tummy and her tits... indeed, her entire
  slim body. She became suddenly aware of the stench of garbage that came from
  her body, and she wrinkled her nose at the stench, glancing downward.  
She stopped again as she looked at an object on the vanity. She grinned when
  she saw that the gleaming pink object was a large plastic dildo. She gingerly
  picked it up and looked at it, forgetting clothes for the moment. She had seen
  one before, but had never held one in her hand. The rubbery plastic was soft
  to her fingers, almost like the shaft of a real cock. As she gazed at it, she
  felt her pussy begin to tingle again, and could smell her juices beginning
  to flow out of her fuckhole. She licked her lips, think what she could do with....  
A flash of light pierced into the room through the window. Sandy's heart
  almost stopped, and still holding the dildo, she stepped to the window and
  peered out. Some distance away down the muddy driveway, but approaching fast,
  she could see a pair of headlights moving on the other side of the trees.  
"Shit!" she almost screamed, and ran out of the room and down the stairs,
  her dirty titties bouncing and dancing on her chest with each step. She hurried
  into the kitchen, and found Grace still taking items from a cabinet and placing
  them in her bag. "There's someone coming!" said Sandy, "We need to get out
  of here!"  
Grace dropped the last item into her bag, pulled the strap over her shoulder,
  and the two girls bolted for the back door. Outside, Grace held up her hand,
  and looked around the corner of the house. The vehicle, a pickup truck, slowed
  down as it approached the front door of the house, illuminating the entire
  area. She turned to Sandy. "We can't go back the way we came," she said, "They'll
  see us. Follow me!" Then she began running toward the far side of the barn.
  Sandy followed close behind.  
Behind the barn, the two lovely naked young girls stopped, and Grace looked
  around the corner. Sandy heard the truck pull up to the house, and the engine
  shut off. A moment later, there was the noise of auto doors opening and closing,
  and a murmur of voices. "Do you think they might have seen us?" she whispered,
  crouching behind her friend.  
"I don't think so," said Grace, "but lets not stick around to find out." She
  turned around, and hurried past Sandy toward the back of the barn. Sandy followed
  quickly. They came to a fence made of wide planks, and Grace threw her bag
  over the top, then gracefully climbed up and over. Sandy did the same, still
  clutching the dildo in her hand, unaware that she still had it. Once over the
  fence, the two girls bolted across a grassy pasture, stepping in some soggy
  cow pies as they ran. They did not stop or slow down, however, until they reached
  the far side, and climbed over another fence. The woods were close now, and
  the two girls darted into the shadows of the trees. They kept moving until
  the farm was completely out of sight. The trees suddenly ended again, and they
  almost stumbled into the ruts of what seemed to be an extension of the hunter's
  road they had followed all day.  
"Let's stop here," said Grace, breathing heavily as she stooped down and
  sat cross-legged in the tall grass. The moon had broken through the clouds,
  casting a pale gray light on the two girls as they sat quietly together, breathing
  heavily... sweet, small titties rising and falling in the pale moonlight.  
"Did you get any clothes?" asked Grace.  
"No, sorry," replied Sandy, "I saw the lights, and I panicked."  
"What is that in your hand, then?"  
Sandy looked at the dildo. "Damn it!" she cried, angry at herself, "It just
  that damn dildo I found. I just picked it up to look at it. I didn't even know
  I still had it." She looked up at her friend, feeling very small and silly. "I'm
  so sorry, Grace. I'm such an idiot!"  
Sandy lifted her hand to throw the long, thick cunt-stuffer away, but Grace
  stopped her. "No, don't," she said, and took the rubbery dildo out of Sandy's
  small hand, "We can keep that. Besides, as fast as they came back, you probably
  would not have had time to find anything to wear anyhow. And I got a whole
  bag full of food, some of it in cans, and I even found a can opener!" She held
  the dildo up, wagging it back and forth in the light, and giggled at it. "Yeah...
  we can make use of this!" She lowered it again, and slipped it into the bag
  as well, then turned to Sandy. "Let's eat!" she said with a bright smile.  
Feeling better about herself now, Sandy smiled back at her friend, and nodded
  her head. She licked her lips as Grace took a half-full loaf of bread from
  the canvas bag, and then a small package of sliced salami. They made several
  sandwiches, and wolfed them down hungrily. Sandy quickly felt her strength
  returning as she ate, and enjoyed the full feeling in her tummy immensely.  
At last, the two naked young girls decided they were full, and lay back in
  the damp grass, contentedly rubbing their slightly bulging tummies.  
"That was wonderful," said Sandy, "It's been days since I've been able to
  eat any good food at all, much less my fill." She turned her head and looked
  at her lovely, filthy companion lying beside her on the grass, her dirty body
  gleaming in the moonlight. "I'm so glad I met you, Grace. Thank you."  
Grace chuckled, which made her small titties dance and jiggle on her slim
  chest. She put her hand on Sandy's smooth, dirty white thigh, and patted the
  soft, tender skin. "No charge," she said, "but I do know how you can pay me
  back." She reached over into the bag again, and took out the dildo.  
Sandy leaned up on her elbow, and took the fake dong in her hand as Grace
  handed it to her. "You can use that on me," the dark-haired girl said with
  a smile, and she spread her legs wide, opening up her pink-lipped pussy slit.  
Sandy grasped for words, but could only laugh as she held the long, thick,
  pink dildo in her hand. "I've never used one of these before," she said, and
  she smiled at her friend.  
Grace only chuckled again. "It's not hard," she said, "Just put the tip to
  my pussy and push it in. I feel so good right now, I doubt it would take much
  to get me excited. Give it a try."  
Sandy curled on corner of her mouth up in a wry smile, but decided the toy
  was too soft to actually hurt her friend. Carefully, she moved the dildo down
  between Grace's lovely spread legs, and ran the tip up and down between the
  wet pink cunt lips. Grace gasped and smiled, closing her eyes as the dildo
  teased her.  
Sandy continued to move the dildo tip up and down between the lips, until
  she felt it settle against the opening to her friends hot pussy. "Mmm.... Oh,
  yeah!" said Grace, her voice almost a whisper, "Oh yes, Sandy. Push it in!
  Shove that toy up my cunt, please!"  
Sandy giggled at her friend's reaction, and pressed the rubbery pink toy
  against Grace's throbbing pussy hole. The girl gasped, and Sandy felt the first
  resistance to the invasion vanish, and watched with wide-eyed delight as the
  dildo began sliding slowly up into Grace's hot young twat.  
"Ohhh.... Oh yes," said the reclining girl, and she giggled again, then lifted
  her hands to her small titties and began rubbing and pulling at them. "Oh,
  that feels so good! Push it all the way in, Sandy! Fuck me with it!"  
Sandy giggled herself, enjoying her friend's reaction to the invasion of
  her fuckhole. She increased the pressure, pushing the toy harder up Grace's
  tight cunt until it almost vanished. Grace began trembling, her tiny hands
  grabbing and mauling her soft supple titties, twisting and pulling the tiny
  stiff nipples. Sandy pulled the dildo almost out, then back in, feeling a little
  amazed at how easily it slid in and out of the dark-haired girl's wet, slippery
  cunt. She felt her own excitement build in her, making her titties sparkle
  with anticipating tingles, and her pussy throb and pulse. Warm cunt honey leaked
  out of her hole. The girl-juice ran down and over her thigh as she continued
  to dildo-fuck her beautiful, filthy friend.  
Excited by Grace's reaction, Sandy began to pump the dildo fast and faster
  in and out of the raven-tressed girl's pussy. The movements made 'squish...
  flurp... splup...' noises as it slid out of and dived back into Grace's hot,
  dripping fuckhole. Grace began to writhe faster, her breathing becoming broken
  and shallow. Without warning, the raven-haired girl stiffened and clawed mercilessly
  at her tender tits. Sandy grinned wickedly, her eyes wide with excitement as
  she rammed the dildo hard and viciously into her friend's pussy. Grunting and
  panting, Grace shuddered, ached her back, and her cunt spewed a thick, pungent
  stream of creamy cunt honey out around the dildo, wetting Sandy's fingers as
  she twisted the dildo inside her friend.  
After several spasms, Grace's body relaxed. Her breathing became heavy but
  more regular, and a warm flush came across her smiling, filthy face. "Mmmm...." she
  said, and gazed up at her friend, her eyes glazed with the afterglow of her
  orgasm, "oh, shit, Sandy! I thought you said you've never fucked another girl
  before."  
The brown haired dirty girl laughed and smiled at her friend, gazing deeply
  into her green eyes. "I haven't," she said, "I just went with what seemed natural
  to me. I have to say, though... it was fun watching you cum!"  
"It was fun cumming for you," said Grace, and she craned her neck to kiss
  her filthy girlfriend on the lips. Then she moved her hand down to her twat,
  and put her hand on Sandy's. Together, they pulled the dildo out of the dark-haired
  girl's pink, drippy pussy. Grace held Sandy's hand to the toy, and moved both
  up to between their faces. "Let's lick it clean together," she said, and she
  stuck out her tongue, and began licking the dildo clean of her cunt juice.
  Sandy hesitated a moment, but decided it must be okay if Grace was doing it,
  so she opened her mouth, pushed her wet, pink tongue to the dildo, and began
  licking slowly up and down it's length.  
Grace's girl-cum had a tart, but strangely sweet taste that Sandy felt attracted
  to. It also smelled bitterly sweet as well. The two dirty teen girls lay in
  each other's arms and licked the filthy dildo clean of Grace's slut-juice.
  Occasionally, they laughed and giggled at each other as their tongues touched.
  After a couple of minutes, they moved the toy from between their faces. Grace
  put her hand around her friend's shoulder, and pulled her down to kiss her
  deeply and passionately.  
Sandy did not resist, feeling as she did that Grace was indeed being loving
  and sweet to her. She felt the other girl's mouth open, and then the tongue
  slither in past her lips to tickle the inside of Sandy's mouth. The brown haired
  girl welcomed it, and their tongues entwined together inside Sandy's warm,
  wet mouth in a slow, slithering love dance.  
After a minute or two, Grace pulled away, opened her eyes and looked up at
  Sandy. "Now, you relax," she said, "I have an idea for you!"  
Sandy let her friend take the dildo out of her hand, then lay back softly
  in the damp grass.  
Grace shuffled and stood up on her knees, the dildo clutched firmly in her
  hand. She walked on he knees around to Sandy's feet, and pushed her friend's
  sleek, slender, filth-streaked white thighs apart to expose the pink lipped
  slit of the little brunette's pussy. Sandy only smiled, letting Grace position
  her however she liked, but wondering, a little anxiously, what her lovely,
  raven-haired friend had in mind.  
Presently, Grace set the dildo down in the grass, took Sandy's ankles, and
  lifted they high, spreading them wide. The movement made Sandy's pussy feel
  cool inside, and she knew that the steamy pink hole was gaping... a thought
  confirmed when her friend smiled wide-eyed and giggled as she looked down at
  Sandy's pussy.  
"Wow," said Grace, and licked her lips, "you have one sweet-looking little
  cunt, girl!" They both laughed with contentment and excitement, and Sandy slowly
  moved her hands up to cup and squeeze her own soft, tingling titmeat.  
"And I know just what to do with it, too!" said Grace, and she picked up
  the pink, quivering dildo, "Keep your legs up... you hot little slut!" Sandy
  laughed at Grace's delightful nasty name for her, feeling it really was meant
  with affection. Spreading her thighs as wide as she could, she held her legs
  up herself, and watched over her heaving titties as her dirty new friend continued.  
Grace shuffled on he knees a little closer to Sandy's crotch, keeping her
  own thighs spread to allow her cunt to drip. She picked up the dildo with on
  hand. Using her other hand, she reached down and pulled the brown-haired girl's
  warm and swollen pink cunt lips apart to expose Sandy's fuckhole even more.
  She giggled to herself as she noted the pale girl-juice that leaked out of
  her friend's pussy and ran down her crack. The pungent juice glistened in the
  bright moonlight, and the cunt hole twitched and throbbed visibly, as if begging
  to be invaded. Grace needed no urging, and held the cunt lips wide apart as
  she put the tip of the dildo to Sandy's fuckhole and pushed.  
Sandy felt the first excited throbbing as the head of the dildo slipped easily
  into her pulsing wet cunt. She sighed and smiled, closed her eyes and surrendered
  herself to Grace's attentions. Almost without thinking, she began rubbing and
  squeezing her soft, warm boobs slowly but firmly.  
Grace pushed harder, and Sandy felt the dildo stretch her pussy hole wide
  and push the walls of her cunt aside as it slid inside her to fill her up.
  The raven-tressed girl pushed it in so far that Sandy felt the head bump up
  against her cervix, almost surprising her with an instant of mild pain that
  quickly vanished. She moaned and writhed slowly as Grace twisted and jostled
  the toy around inside her cunt, maneuvering it around inside her like a joystick.  
Suddenly, the dark-haired girl pulled the long, thick toy out of Sandy's
  greedy pussy. It slipped out with an obscene 'slurrrup!' sound, leaving the
  reclining, wriggling girl's cunt empty, throbbing in need. Sandy opened her
  eyes and looked up at her friend, her face pleading and confused.  
Grace only laughed. "Don't worry," she said, "I'm not finished." Then she
  looked back down between Sandy's legs. Smiling wide, she moved the tip of the
  dildo down between the brown-haired girl's smooth, tight ass cheeks, and placed
  the tip against the tight, brownish pink asshole. She pressed firmly.  
Sandy's mouth opened wide in surprise, and her legs trembled. "But... but..." she
  stammered not sure what to say, "I've never done that before. I don't know
  if I can do it."  
Grace only giggled brightly, which made her small, dirty titties quiver and
  jiggle happily on her shapely teenaged chest. "Oh, trust me," she said, "you
  can do it. I believe in you!"  
Sandy trembled slightly with apprehension, and felt her tiny little virgin
  asshole tighten and pulse. Despite never having experienced anal fucking, the
  thought did excite her. She thought for a moment about the woman they were
  going to see... a Mistress... an owner of sex slaves... who likely would want
  to fuck them both in the ass. But Grace seemed to know what she was doing,
  apparently having done it before. Sandy gripped her titties tighter, licked
  her trembling lips, and muttered, "Okay... I guess." Then she lay her head
  back again, staring up at the stars, and spread her slim, graceful legs as
  wide as she could, trying to open up and relax her small pink asshole as much
  as she could.  
Grace seemed unconcerned. She just used her free hand to push aside Sandy's
  creamy ass flesh as much as she could, and pressed the dildo hard against the
  tiny hole.  
Sandy felt the first sensation only as pressure, pushing the rim of her butt-hole
  inward, cooled a bit by the slippery pussy juice that coated the toy. A moment
  later, the tip slipped into the opening, pushing the rim of her hole over the
  soft, rubbery pink plastic. She held her breath, forcing herself to relax as
  the rim began to stretch around the head of the dildo. Grace pushed harder.  
With only about an inch of the dildo past her opening, Sandy felt a sudden
  flash of pain, and she gasped, squinting her eyes tight and digging her fingernails
  into her titmeat. The dildo continued to slowly slip into her, stretching the
  dirty, brown-haired girl's asshole wider than she had ever felt it before.  
Sandy yelped. The pain quickly intensified, and became a searing, piercing
  torment as Grace slowly shoved the massive toy up her tender, innocent asshole.
  She fought crying out, but tears came to her eyes anyway. Still, she forced
  herself to keep her legs spread, and willed her asshole as much as she could
  to relax.  
Grace only laughed with wicked mirth, and pushed hard on the base of the
  toy. Sandy whimpered and sniffled, pulling at her soft, tender titties to try
  and distract herself from the invader working it's way up her young ass. The
  trembling, brown-haired girl felt a tiny snap in her asshole opening, followed
  by an instant of relief that lasted only a second or two before vanishing into
  the throbbing pain again, told her that the head of the dildo was fully inside
  her. Already, her ass felt stretched and stuffed full. Despite the pain, her
  pussy throbbed and pulsed. She felt violated, humiliated, and deeply used,
  but she could not deny her excitement and the warm swirl of sensations that
  flashed through her body, most intensely focused on her defiled asshole.  
Suddenly, the pain scorched Sandy's brutally stretched asshole, then flashed
  like lightning through her body, causing her to stiffen and convulse. "Yoowwch!" she
  cried, and squirmed wildly as the thick dildo slid quickly up into her bowels.
  As suddenly as it came, though, the pain vanished. The long, thick toy slipped
  easily into her as far as her friend could push it, filling and stretching
  her from the inside out. She cried out again, and began sobbing as he body
  relaxed. Never in her life had she felt so degraded or excited, her ass packed
  to overflowing with the warm dildo. She writhed and squirmed uncontrollably,
  and her movements worked the toy even more around inside of her.  
Grace only laughed at Sandy's squirming and crying, seeing the tears form
  in her friend's lovely eyes and roll down the sides of her face, sparkling
  like diamonds in the bright moonlight. "Oh, you like that now, don't you?" She
  asked the question with a playfully mocking tone, not really expecting an answer.  
"Oh.. oh shit...." said Sandy, her voice shallow and breathy as she opened
  her eyes and looked at Grace, "I don't... I... Oh, I just can't believe I'm
  being dildo-fucked in the ass... by another girl... out here in the open like
  this... Oh, fuck... I'm such a slut... I love it... I'm such a filthy little
  slut...." She broke down into uncontrolled bawling and sniffling as she gripped
  and twisted her soft, warm titmeat, writhing and squirming as she floundered
  in agony of delight that stormed from her asshole, battered her empty cunt,
  and sparkled through the rest of her small, filthy young body.  
Grace left the dildo where it was, buried deep in her nasty brunette friend's
  tight ass. She shuffled back on her knees, then leaned forward to lay face
  down on the grass between Sandy's outstretched legs, her knees wide to expose
  her pussy and resting on the damp dirt of the trail. She slipped her hands
  under and around the writhing, whimpering girl's smooth white thighs, her fingers
  smearing the blackish patches of filth that stuck to them, and lowered her
  face to Sandy's hot, steamy little cunt.  
Sandy gasped in surprise and pleasure as she felt her friend's mouth pressed
  against her throbbing, needy little twat. A moment later, she felt her stiff
  little clit swell and sparkle as it was sucked into Grace's warm mouth. The
  sensation, combined with the burning distension of her overstuffed ass made
  her head swirl in a sea of pain and pleasure that she found impossible to still.  
Yet another sensation seared it's way into the squirming, moaning girl's
  rapture... a fluttering, slithering feeling in her cunt that could only be
  Grace's eager little tongue. The raven-haired girl licked and slurped zealously
  at Sandy's throbbing, needy cunt. The brunette girl moaned louder, mauling
  her soft titties as she reveled in the luxurious assault on her happy pussy,
  enjoying every lick from Grace's talented tongue.  
Another sensation invaded Sandy's mind, almost distracting her from the waves
  of delight coming from her hot pussy and dildo-stuffed ass. It came from inside
  her tummy, and it quickly turned to a dull ache in her pussy. She recognized
  the feeling, and leaned her heard up as far as she could to look down at her
  friend, the raven-haired beauty grinding her face against Sandy's cunt. "Grace,
  you better stop," she said, not really wanting her to but thinking it necessary, "I
  ... I've got to go. I have to pee."  
Grace did stop, but did not move more that just to lift her head to look
  up and Sandy's lovely, filth-smeared face, and smile. "Go ahead and piss," she
  said, "I'm not going anywhere."  
Confusion glared in Sandy's face for a moment, and quickly mixed with another
  twinge of excitement. "But... but..." she mumbled, looking for words, "I...
  have to pee. Do you mean that... that...."  
"Yes, I do," said Grace, excitement sparkling in her eyes, "Go ahead! You
  might even think it's fun." She closed her eyes, and lowered her mouth back
  down to Sandy's hot, steamy pussy, pressed her open lips over the sweet fuckhole,
  and pushed her tongue in again.  
Sandy lay her head back. She had never done this before, and the notion felt
  sickeningly filthy and degrading to her. Then again, there was very little
  in her life recently that wasn't filthy and degrading. And Grace DID say to
  go ahead, knowing what would happen.  
Still awash in the mix of delight and pain and joy and humiliation that flooded
  over her, and weakened by the draining, throbbing violation of her ass and
  cunt, Sandy gave in to her need and Grace's assurance. With a slight tightening
  of her tummy, she forced herself to release. The hot, bitter piss spewed out
  of her throbbing pussy, directly into Grace's open mouth. The girl between
  Sandy's silky thighs moaned and wriggled, clutching hard at the little brunette's
  silky-smooth, grime-smeared thighs. Sandy heard her friend make a gurgling
  noise. She was swallowing, and her tongue continued to probe and slurp at Sandy's
  hot young pussy.  
Sandy smiled to herself. This was indeed rather fun, peeing into another
  girl's mouth and listening to her greedily gulp it down. She tightened her
  gut again, forcing down on her bladder, and felt her piss squirting forcefully
  from her excited pussy hole.  
Grace pulled away, gasping for air. Piss poured out of her mouth, only to
  be replaced quickly from the stream that squirted from Sandy's twat. The young
  brunette girl tried for a moment to stop peeing, or at least slow the flow
  down, but it was no use. The spew only intensified, splashing and splattering
  inside Grace's open mouth. For a moment, Sandy felt she might have done too
  much for her friend to handle.  
"Oh, yeah!" cried Grace, wiggling her head to make the flow splash and spatter
  all over her face and gulping down any that landed in her mouth, "Oh, yes...
  yes... oh, yes, piss on me, Sandy! Give me your hot delicious pee! Oh, fuck,
  this is so good...."  
Sandy smiled, all thoughts of stopping disappearing in a flash from her.
  She only laughed and forced herself to piss harder, enjoying sight of Grace's
  desperate attempts to catch the nasty-smelling stream of spewage on in her
  mouth and on her face. The dark-haired girl's face, hair, neck and shoulders
  became wet with steamy piss. Sandy laughed, and tightened her tummy hard, forcing
  her bladder to empty itself onto the lovely girl between her legs.  
Eventually, the flow slowed to a trickle, and Sandy relaxed her much-relieved
  bladder. Splatters of smelly piss decorated her thighs as well as her friend's
  face. So excited was she now that she could barely stand the sensations in
  her sparking pussy and brutally stuffed ass. Trembling and pulling painfully
  at her hard little pink nipples, she lay back down in the grass, feeling herself
  on the edge of cumming.  
She did not have to wait long. Grace dropped her mouth back down to Sandy's
  throbbing cunt, locked her greedy lips onto it, and thrust her eager tongue
  as far as she could up the brunette teenager's fuckhole. The tongue tickled
  Sandy's quivering clit and slithered around inside her pussy walls. The savage
  whirlwind of pleasure seared and burned its way into every corner of Sandy's
  body. In a flash, her ecstasy was upon her, and she buck and convulsed as she
  came hard and furiously, crying out in gargled moans as her twat spewed a thick
  stream of creamy, boiling cunt honey into Grace's mouth. The other girl gulped
  and slurped, desperate to swallow every drop of Sandy's girl-cum.  
As quickly as it came, the ecstasy passed. Sandy let her legs fall to the
  ground, too spent hold them up any longer. She also released her tender mounds
  of muck-stained titmeat, and spread her arms wide on the grass. She breathed
  deep, each breath heavy and labored. She felt dizzy, nasty, degraded and unspeakably
  happy. The afterglow of her cum warmed every part of her, especially her stuffed
  ass and still-throbbing-and-twitching pussy. All she could do was lay there
  and wallow in her private hell of pleasure.  
Presently, Grace lifted herself away from Sandy's warm pussy, and smiled
  as she breathed deeply, obviously satisfied by her friend's delighted cumming.
  She pulled her hands away from Sandy's thighs, gripped the base of the dildo,
  and slowly pulled it out of the brown-haired girl's no-longer-virgin asshole.
  It exited Sandy's body with a wet sounding 'flup!'  
Slowly, wearily, Grace crawled up beside her lovely, dirty friend and lay
  beside her, and pulled her close. Sandy responded by turning toward her slightly,
  and slipping one arm over her to hold her lovingly.  
Grace kissed her friend's cheek, then drew her hand up, holding the dildo
  just a few inches from their almost-touching faces. "Oooooo," she said, her
  voice full of mock-wickedness, "Look what I've got!"  
Sandy opened her eyes, and looked at the beautiful toy that had so brilliantly
  savaged her asshole. In the bright moonlight, she could see smudges of her
  own ass filth sticking to it, and also softly glistening streaks of her cunt
  honey, which had lubricated it. It was nasty... dirty... filthy... but she
  didn't care any more. Being so nasty and dirty herself had brought her immense
  joy and pleasure. She craned her neck, opened her mouth, and slathered her
  greedy little pink tongue up and down the nasty slut-toy. Her ass filth tasted
  burnt and bitter, but she couldn't help herself.  
Grace joined her, and together they licked and sucked the dildo like a popsicle.
  Slurping and kissing, they used their tongues and lips to clean the wonderful
  toy until it gleamed in the moonlight.  
At last, the weariness in them could no longer be ignored. Each of them still
  held onto the dildo as they lay together on the damp grass, their beautiful,
  filth-smeared bodies clutched together loosely. They gazed silently into each
  other's dark, loving eyes for several long minutes before they closed them.
  Sandy smiled as she felt sleep begin to flow warmly over and through her. Her
  heart rejoiced and celebrated as she slept on the damp grass under, naked...
  in the arms of her equally filthy and naked new friend... under the protection
  of the star-lit heavens.  
* * * * * * * * * *  
For several days, the two beautiful teen girls, wearing only quickly wearing
  out shoes and nasty smears of filth (and, increasingly, their own piss and
  ass filth,) made their way was toward the Mississippi River. They made pretty
  good progress, considering they had nothing to wear, were entirely exposed
  to the elements, avoided roads and populated areas, and had very little food
  to sustain them. Grace managed their supply of rations as well as she could,
  but the bag was quickly getting lighter.  
For her part, Sandy felt like she was enjoying the journey. Being completely
  naked outside for so long in the warm summer weather was tremendously exciting,
  like an obscene adventure. Even being covered for the entire time in nasty
  scum, some of it from their own bodies seemed rather natural and comfortable
  to her now. And with each step, she couldn't help but notice Grace's sweet,
  beautiful body. She knew she was falling in love... perhaps not with Grace
  herself, but certainly with those bouncing little tits, that quivering as,
  and of course the girl's sweet, steamy cunt. Besides, Grace knew a lot about
  sex... or at least girl-on-girl fucking... and Sandy knew she was enjoying
  learning it. It might, after all, be useful to her once they reached Mistress
  Carla's home, considering the reason they were going there in the first place.  
The two dirty young girls had been together about a week, trekking across
  the country and dodging any contact with people, when they reached the top
  of a small hill and found themselves looking down at a small village of gray
  tin buildings with a number of different livestock trucks parked among them.
  They could hear, faintly, mooing and oinking and clucking coming from some
  of the trucks. A gray gravel road ran south from the village, looking like
  it curved westward on the horizon. In the distance, Sandy could see the glimmering
  surface of the Mississippi River. Further downstream, almost completely obscured
  by the summer haze on the horizon, was a long girder bridge stretching from
  one back to the other.  
A man in a plaid shirt and brown cowboy hat emerged from one of the buildings,
  walking toward a red and white diesel truck with a long livestock trailer.
  Seeing him, the two girls stooped down, and ducked back into a small grove
  of trees, praying they had not been seen.  
"I think I know how to get across the river," said Grace, "but we'll have
  to go down there and see if we can't hear where one of those trucks is going.
  If one is headed for Missouri, we can stow away in the back. What do you think,
  Sandy?"  
"Sounds good," replied the brunette girl, "but really, Grace, I am too tired
  to go on tonight. Why don't we rest somewhere, and try to do that tomorrow
  night?"  
Grace smiled at her. "Yeah, I think you're right," she said, "we need to
  eat a little get some sleep. Did you see that old abandoned farm we passed
  about fifteen minutes ago on the other side of those woods?" She pointed back
  the way they came, indicating a line of thinly spread trees several hundred
  yards east.  
"Yeah, I saw it," said Sandy, "Let's go back and see if we can find a place
  to stay in that old house for the night."  
Having decided on their immediate plan, the two girls headed back across
  the field and into the thin woods as the sun began to settle on the horizon
  behind them. In only a few minutes, they emerged from the trees, crossed a
  fallow pasture, and climbed over a low wire fence to find the weathered gray
  old house and barn  
They looked at the house, walking around it. It was completely and solidly
  boarded up. They could not even use their combined strength to pull the doors
  open or the plywood from the windows. Frustrated, and noting the quickly vanishing
  light, they decided to check out the barn.  
They found the barn to be completely open and empty, though it still stank
  of livestock. It had eight stalls and a concrete floor still bearing a thin
  carpet of yellow straw. There were no farm tools or other equipment inside.
  It looked like it had been carefully cleaned out before being abandoned. Sandy
  looked up to see if it had a loft. It did, but it was very high, and there
  was no ladder, and it looked very fragile and unsafe anyway.  
"We better stay in one of the stalls," said Grace, "just in case someone
  comes." Sandy agreed, and together they gathered together as much of the cleanest
  straw they could find, and piled it into a corner of the stall in the far corner,
  farthest from the house. While they gathered the straw, Grace found an old
  wooden box, and rummaged through it. "Nothing in here we can use," she said
  to Sandy, and looked again. "Oh, wait! Here!" She reached into the box, and
  took out a small, corroded copper frame candle lantern that still had a barely
  used white candle in it. She smiled, shuffled through the box again, and lifted
  out a small box of matches. She looked at Sandy, and the two smiled at each
  other. "At least we can fuck in the light tonight," she said, "if these matches
  are still good, that is."  
Feeling tired but a little more cheerful than they had most of the day, the
  two naked girls entered the stall and sat down on the pile of straw. Grace
  found a rusty nail half-driven into the wall, and hung the lantern from it.
  She tried several of the matches before on sparked to life, and lit the candle.
  The flickering yellow light seemed to illuminate only the area immediately
  around the two naked and filthy young girls. Sandy felt warmed and comforted
  by the soft glow.  
Grace opened one of the three remaining cans of beans with the can-opener,
  and the two girls ate slowly, trying to enjoy every morsel. They also shared
  the last can of orange soda. Their meal finished, they lay back on the straw,
  and turned their attention to each other.  
Feeling strengthened by their meal, and relaxed by warm light around them,
  the crawled into each other's welcoming arms and began kissing, softly but
  passionately, as their nasty young bodies squirmed and writhed against each
  other. Sandy felt comfortable enough now with her feelings for Grace to let
  herself stroke, caress, and even grab and grope at her friend's lovely, filthy
  body. She did that now, enjoying the feel and warmth of smooth, soft girl skin,
  and enjoyed Grace's hands on her own fuckmeat as well. They kissed and groped
  at each other for several minutes, squeezing ass bunz and firm, jiggly titties,
  laughing and enjoying themselves.  
Grace reached a hand down to Sandy's soft, sweet ass, and slid her fingers
  down the brunette girl's crack. They continued to kiss, and Sandy murmured
  softly as the dark-haired girl's fingers danced over her asshole, which had
  now been dildo-fucked several times during their journey. This time, however,
  Grace pushed her middle finger hard up Sandy's tight asshole, hooked it there,
  and pulled hard. It wasn't painful, but Sandy felt a slight coolness inside
  her, and drew back away from their kiss. She smiled impishly at her friend. "Hey,
  you slut!" she said playfully, "You're pulling my asshole open. Aren't you
  going to shove that dildo up into me again?"  
"I don't know," said Grace, and she wiggled her fingertip inside Sandy's
  asshole, "I haven't decided yet. But I can tell you one thing, little miss
  fuck-me-up-the-ass... I am very much beginning to believe you like being a
  nasty little fuckslut, even if it is just for me."  
Sandy laughed, her face flushing with soft embarrassment. "Yeah, I guess
  you're right, sis," she said, "It's been over two weeks since I've had a bath,
  and the more we fuck, the less I want to. Being really dirty and nasty like
  we are has been very exciting and a lot of fun."  
"You like being dirty and degraded like this?"  
"Degraded? Yes... I guess so. I mean, I didn't like it when my foster parent's
  fucked and abused me, because they didn't have any love. But I feel different
  when I'm with you. You seem to really care about me, so I don't mind getting
  fucked up the ass as long as you are the one doing it. I especially liked peeing
  on you the other day. That was new and exciting."  
Grace laughed, and kissed her brunette friend again. "Speaking of peeing," she
  said, "I feel like I need to go. I'll be right back." She drew away, and rose
  from the bed of straw to stand in the soft, warm candlelight.  
Sandy looked up at her friend. Grace was so lovely and nasty, and it was
  so much fun getting fucked by her, and fucking her as well, and pissing on
  her. Then a thought came to her as Grace turned toward the stall door. "Wait!" the
  young brunette slut called. The standing girl turned around to listen. "Why
  not do it here... with me?" Sandy asked.  
Grace looked at her friend quizzically, and smiled softly. "You mean, you
  want to watch me pee?" she asked.  
"No," replied Sandy as she shuffled to her knees, keeping her sleek young
  white thighs parted to expose her sweet, damp cunt. "I mean, well... we see
  each other peeing all the time. I really liked peeing on you the other day.
  I was just wondering if... um... well, would you do as I asked? Just this once?"  
Grace crossed her arms under her tits and tapped her sneaker-clad foot. She
  looked to Sandy like she was considering this proposal. "Well," she said at
  last, then smiled at the kneeling brunette in the straw pile, "Okay, I'll bite.
  You're the boss. What do you want me to do?"  
Sandy squealed, and she jumped slightly on her knees, making her grime-smeared
  titties jiggle happily on her chest. She pointed to the wooded wall of the
  stable above a portion of floor that had been cleared of straw and debris,
  the concrete floor bare and dusty. "Just sit there against the wall, and spread
  you pretty little legs," she ordered.  
Grace raised her eyebrows, and nodded. A moment later, she sank gracefully
  to the floor and leaned back against the wall. Obediently, she pushed her pelvis
  forward and spread her long, sleek white thighs, streaked and stained with
  dark mucky nastiness. Keeping her hands on the floor at her sides, but her
  back arched to thrust her tender small titties forward, she smiled at Sandy. "Ready!" she
  said.  
Sandy kept her eyes glued to her lovely friend's magnificent young body,
  devouring the titties and the wet, dreamy-pink pussy with her eyes. As gracefully
  as she could, she maneuvered herself around in front of Grace, in the same
  position but without the back support. Seeing that their nasty, sweet little
  cunts faced each other, she shuffled forward, sliding her soft bare bottom
  slowly across the rough concrete floor, until her twat and Grace's were only
  about a foot apart, and their legs were semi-entwined together. The warm touch
  of the raven-tressed girl's smooth legs excited Sandy further. She felt her
  little pink nipples tingle and her pussy begin to pulse with each heartbeat.
  She looked at her friend and smiled. "I have to go, too." she said.  
Grace's eyes widened with excited desire for just a moment. &quot;Oh, I see," she
  said, "This should be fun!"  
"Hope you're ready," said Sandy, her voice bright and cheerful, "because
  here it comes!" She reached down between her legs with one hand, held her twat
  lips apart with her fingers, and tightened her tummy against her bowels. A
  moment later, a clear, slightly yellow stream of bitter-smelling hot piss shot
  from her cunt. The stream arched through the air, and began splashing on the
  dark-haired girl's bare, filthy titties.  
Grace squealed with delight, watching the stream of liquid love shoot from
  her friends beautiful hot pussy to soak her tingling, sparking titties. She
  did her best to curl her own pussy hole up toward her younger friend, laughed
  loudly, and compressed her bladder. Dark golden piss spurted out of her happily
  twitching and tingling little pussy hole. The golden stream, much darker and
  thicker than her brunette friend's, arched higher as well, and Sandy squealed
  as the bitter, smelly liquid began splashing on her face, soaking her in hot,
  bitter girl-pee.  
Sandy did not flinch or resist. She just squeezed tighter on her bladder
  to make her cunt squirt harder onto her beautiful friend's dirty body. Grace's
  arching flow of bitter golden piss splashed and splattered all over Sandy's
  smiling face and jiggling titties, soaking her in the nasty, smelly liquid.
  She opened her mouth wide, trying to position it as a target for the sparkling
  stream so she could catch some in her mouth. Several blobs of the filthy piss
  did land in her mouth. It tasted strong and bitter... and very delicious! Sandy
  swished it around inside her mouth, and gulped it down. Though the golden piss
  stung her eyes, she tried to keep them open to see her friend. Grace also was
  trying to catch and gulp the brunette's piss, though most of it soaked her
  hair and face and quivering little titties.  
The two girls piss so much between them that it began to pool in the shallow
  depression in the concrete that Sandy sat in. In only moments, the brunette
  slut found herself sitting in a puddle of stinky piss... a mixture from the
  bladders of both lovely girls. As she gulped down another mouthful of Grace's
  pussy, she thought that this is probably what it's like to be a toilet... filthy
  and wet and reeking of piss and filth. It felt so delicious to her. She lifted
  her hand to her titties, and began rubbing the pungent pee all over her titties
  and tummy even as the arching spray continued to fall on her as did her own
  onto Grace's sweet, slim and lovely young body.  
A toilet... that's what she was, Sandy decided. She was just a little toilet
  girl, to be used as such. It felt right, somehow, being dirty from garbage
  and Grace's ass filth, not to mention her own. It was just right. She didn't
  want it to be any other way.  
The joyous mutual pissing continued for about a minute or so, then the streams
  slowed and became thin, until the last drops just leaked out of their hot,
  throbbing pussies. Sandy stopped rubbing the golden nectar on herself, and
  licked her fingers as she looked over at her dark-haired friend. She smiled
  wickedly, and giggled.  
Grace wiped the sticky pale sheen of sparkling piss from her face, and smiled
  widely at Sandy, her eyes burning with excitement. "Oh, shit, you hot, filthy
  fucking cunt!" she said, and she leaned forward, hardly moving her legs as
  she lunged for Sandy. She almost tackled the piss-soaked younger girl, and
  her weight forced her to lean heavily back to the floor, until she splashed
  and lay in the steaming puddle tart pee-nectar. Grace grabbed Sandy's head,
  and pulled her close until their lips mashed together. Sandy welcomed the sudden
  display of harsh passion, and soon found herself with Grace's greedy tongue
  thrust deeply into her mouth.  
They kissed hotly, vigorously... almost violently for some time, squirming
  and writhing together in the shallow puddle of filthy piss. Sandy wrapped her
  arms tightly around her nasty, piss stinking friend, and sucked hungrily at
  her tongue. She began grinding and churning her hips, and felt Grace doing
  the same. Her pussy boiled with need, and already her tight asshole was throbbing,
  begging to be invaded and violated again. Her titties burned with need to be
  touched... no, not touched... manhandled... grabbed... pulled... groped...
  clawed... mauled... treated harshly and brutally like the filthy little fuckbags
  they were... that they were meant to be. She wanted to feel them being used,
  twisted, beaten, and even whipped hard and savagely until they were covered
  in bruises. She kissed Grace with wild abandon, the smell of girl pee enveloping
  them and blessing their nostrils with every broken, passionate breath they
  took.  
Tits... tits... thought Sandy.... Whipped, beaten, spanked and tortured titties.
  Perfect targets for the most painful and degrading assault from bare hands,
  belts, canes, tree-branch switches, bullwhips... she didn't care! Hot, worthless
  bags of slutfilth good for nothing else except dancing and jiggling and wobbling
  obscenely as they absorbed blow after cruel blow, until they proudly bore and
  displayed a kaleidoscope of welts, scrapes, and multi-colored bruises. Tits...
  tits... titties... boobs... knockers... hooters... udders... milkbags... jugs...
  melons... knobs... just soft, beautiful, bouncing, jiggling, beaten and tortured
  tits! These tits! HER TITS!  
She couldn't take the thought of it any more. She had to have it. She WOULD
  have it!  
Sandy suddenly broke their loving kiss, and pushed Grace back gently. "Stand
  up," she demanded, then added, "please!"  
Looking a little confused, Grace stood up, towering over her friend. Smiling,
  she looked down at the younger girl.  
Breathing heavily and shaking with excitement, Sandy scrambled to stand on
  her knees before her beautiful, raven-haired lover and friend. Keeping her
  legs spread wide to expose her hot, dripping young twat, she looked up at Grace,
  put her hands under her aching, throbbing titties, and pushed them up to offer
  them to her. Her eyes pleaded as she gazed adoringly at her friend. "Oh, please,
  Grace," she begged, "please spank and whip my tits, please! I need to feel
  it! Grab them and pull them and twist my nipples as hard and as viciously as
  you can. Oh, please, Grace, please... beat my tits! I need it! Please!"  
"Wow, you really do want to be a nasty little fuck slave, huh," asked Grace
  with big, wide-eyed smile. She reached down, took Sandy's left nipple in her
  small, dainty fingers, and pulled it hard, twisting and yanking it to make
  the tender filthy flesh behind it quiver.  
Sandy yelped in pain and delight, and arched her back more to give her friend
  better access. Tears of suffering and joy sprang from her eyes and dribbled
  down her smiling face. "Oh, yes, Grace, yes!" she cried, "Oh, shit that feels
  so fucking wonderful. Oh, more... more... MORE! Hurt my nipples! Do anything
  you want... just please torture my tits! Please, Grace, please hurt them for
  me!"  
Grace laughed loudly, then let go of the nipple. Sandy's soft, supple titty
  quivered and jiggled merrily as it found its place on her chest again. Sandy
  groaned with frustration and disappointment. "I know what to do, you hot little
  slut," she exclaimed, "Wait here!" She opened the stall door, and stepped out.  
To Sandy, the girl seemed to be gone for an eternity while she knelt there
  in the piss puddle, holding her throbbing, tingling tits as high and vulnerable
  as she could. The few moments of torment as Grace twisted her nipple felt heavenly
  to her... brutally sexy and naughty and nasty... just like she wanted to feel.
  She wept... her soft, filthy white titties exploding with frustration.  
It felt to Sandy like it was forever, but in fact Grace returned in only
  a few seconds. She moved in front of the dirty kneeling slut. "Look what I
  found for you!" she said, and she held up a long, flat strip of wood about
  an inch and a half wide, a few millimeters thick and about two feet long. It
  was gray and weathered... its surface rough and coarse.  
Sandy looked at strip of gray wood in her friend's hands, and her eyes brightened
  with joy at seeing it. It looked beautiful... wonderful... perfect for battering
  her helpless nasty tits into submission. Her heart fluttered in her chest,
  and she trembled with anxiety, subdued terror, and deep, burning need. "Oh,
  yes!" she cried, "Oh, it looks so beautiful! Whip me, Grace! Beat my tits with
  that... that... that TIT-WHACKER! Oh please hurry and punish my tits please!" She
  closed her eyes. Her body shook weakly as she arched her back as far as she
  could, holding up her tender, unprotected and vulnerable young titties. She
  heard a cackling giggle come from Grace's mouth.  
WHACK!  
"Ouch!" cried Sandy as the first blow fell hard across her chest to assail
  both boobies with the flat of the strip. The sting knifed into her delicate
  titmeat. Lightning bolts of agony seared into her skin, burning with a brutal,
  savage flame. It felt like heaven, Sandy thought... more intense than she imagined,
  but still she welcomed the sting and reveled in her agony. Tears sprang anew
  from her tightly closed eyes, and she wailed loudly as the sting ripped into
  her body through her tits. "Oh, fuck yes," she cried, "More! Please, oh fucking
  shit... please, Grace! Hurt me! Whip my tits hard, please!"  
SHWAPPP! KRACK! SWACK!  
The blows struck Sandy's sensitive titmeat hard and fast. She trembled and
  wailed in misery and torment, greedily thrusting her tits, now sporting long
  crimson welts, as high as she could force them, surrendering them to Grace's
  savage assault. 'Ooohoowech, oh fuck! Oh, yeah yeah yeah! More! Oh, please...
  more! Hurt them! Hurt my filthy boo...."  
SMACK-SHWACK-WHAP-FWAPPP-KRACK!  
"ARRRRRGGGHHH!"  
Grace laughed with cruel delighted as she continued the vicious assault on
  her friend' soft, delicate, and helpless titties. The tender flesh bounced
  and danced and jiggled, welcoming and celebrating each stinging, burning stroke
  of the wood strip... the Tit-Whacker, as Sandy herself called it.  
The dark-haired girl moved aimed for a different part of Sandy's tits with
  each stroke of the Whacker, covering both sensitive mounds with criss-crossing
  crimson welts. Blue bruises began to appear on the slut's lovely, filthy titmeat,
  and the tender mounds of flesh became swollen and sore. Each stroke of the
  cruel Whacker brought fresh screams and tears of anguish from the kneeling,
  piss-drenched slut, followed by more blubbering, desperate pleading for more
  swats and more pain for her lovely, tormented titties.  
After a while, Grace decided her friend had borne enough of the savage assault,
  and she lowered the gray Whacker. Smiling and breathing heavily from the exertion,
  she gazed down at her trembling, bawling friend kneeling in the piss puddle.
  Sandy's sweet titties were no longer the filth-stained milky white they were
  only a short time ago. Now they were swollen, multi-colored bags of brutally
  punished titflesh. They each appeared almost as a single massive lump of bruises
  heavily striped with long welts that rose above the surface skin. The nipples
  had not escaped the onslaught, and were also darker and stiffer and discolored
  with bruises.  
Sandy never moved or flinched from her tit beating, except to take her hands
  away so that the strokes fell only on her tits. Now the dirty, nasty slut knelt
  in a puddle of her own piss... and Grace's, too... shivering and crying and
  sniffling. Despite her obvious pain and tears, she still smiled sweetly and
  happily.  
"That's more than enough for tonight, Sandy," said the raven-tressed girl, "I
  bet, though, that Mistress Carla would be a lot better at it than I am."  
Sandy opened here teary eyes, and looked up lovingly... almost worshipfully...
  at her beautiful friend. "Oh, thank you, Grace," she said between sobs of suffering
  joy, "Oh, that was wonderful and beautiful. I've never felt anything like it.
  I thought I was in heaven. Oh, Grace... it was bliss... true bliss. Thank you."  
Grace only laughed slightly, and tossed the Whacker over by her canvas bag,
  obviously intending to keep it. She turned back to Sandy, and smiled sweetly
  down at her. "Well, I am not a Mistress myself," she said with a hint of humility
  in her soft, musical voice, "I just know a few things. But I did have a good
  time, sis. Do you feel okay?" She reached down and gently brushed her palm
  over the tops of Sandy's bruised and sore titties. The kneeling brunette girl
  winced, but then smiled again. "Oh, I'm sorry," Grace said, sounding concerned, "They
  just look so lovely all covered in welt and bruises like that. I just wanted
  to touch them."  
"No, it's alright," said Sandy, her sobs quieting, though she continued to
  shed gleaming tears, "I'm just so grateful and happy. It was so very intense...
  just like I wanted it to be." She giggled and shook her head. "Damn! Now my
  pussy is hot and throbbing. Do you think we can fuck?"  
Grace opened her mouth wide, and laughed heartily, making her soft small
  titties and firm, creamy smooth ass jiggle and quiver in the flickering candlelight.
  Then she looked lovingly at her young, tit-tortured friend, put her hands on
  the kneeling girl's shoulders, and knelt down in the puddle of smelly piss
  with her. "I think we can arrange that," she said, her voice almost a whisper.  
Gently, Grace put her hand around Sandy's slim waist, and urged her to lay
  down on her back in the puddle. Smiling contentedly, the brunette girl complied,
  and allowed Grace to maneuver her limbs until she lay on her back in the shallow,
  quickly cooling puddle of tart, bitter piss.  
As soon as Sandy was on her back with her lovely, silky smooth legs spread
  wide to expose her hot, girl-juice leaking pussy, Grace turned around on her
  own knees, causing a the piss puddle to slosh and swirl. Then she lifted one
  knee, and swung her sleek leg over Sandy so that she knelt in the puddle with
  the brunette girl's head directly below her crotch. Then she carefully leaned
  forward, trying to keep from putting pressure on Sandy's sore titties. At last
  she settled down on top of her friend, and gazed down between Sandy's lovely
  thighs, her eyes falling on the slut's throbbing, pink-lipped pussy. The hard
  little clit stuck out slightly from between the glistening twat lips, quivering
  with excitement.  
Sandy stinging pain in her titties began to fade to a dull, warm ache that
  throbbed and pulsed with each beat of her heart. Through the fog of pain and
  joy that clouded her eyes, she saw Grace's dark pink cunt lips. The slit extended
  far back, as if pointing the way to the older girl's asshole. There, between
  the narrow, gleaming lips appeared a narrow gap... the entry to Grace's warm
  cunt. A thin rivulet of girl-cum flowed from the nasty fuckhole, running down
  the cleft between the twat lips, collecting into blobs on the clit before dropping
  onto Sandy's grateful face. The raven-haired girl's pussy looked sweet and
  beautiful to Sandy, and as she felt Grace begin to lick and slurp hungrily
  at her hot, needy pussy, she knew what she should do.  
Slowly, gracefully, Sandy lifted her small, soft hands up and around Grace's
  slim waist. The other girl responded with a soft moan without breaking contact
  with the brunette's steamy cunt, and lowered her pelvis a little. The move
  put a tiny bit of pressure on Sandy's battered titties, but she welcomed the
  intensified throbs. Slowly, she moved her hands down Grace's waist to her ass,
  and cupped to soft, firm cheeks. Grace's hips began slowly rolling and churning,
  and the gaping cunt hole poured out a thicker stream of hot girl cum. Sandy
  smiled, then raised her piss-soaked head up, and softly kissed the gleaming
  pink pussy lips.  
Grace moaned loudly, and dropped her full weight onto Sandy's body, causing
  the puddle to swish and slurp around them. Sandy locked her lips onto her friends
  pussy, found the hole, and thrust her tongue deep into it. Grace began grinding
  her shapely hips faster and stronger, and Sandy responded similarly as the
  older girl licked up and down her slit and chewed gently at her electrified
  clit. Sandy felt her own cunt heat up from wonderful slithering of the dark-haired
  girl's dancing wet tongue. As she licked up the cleft of Grace's pussy, tickling
  the tiny little clit bud, Sandy tasted a heavy flow of fresh cunt honey. The
  flow came so fast that it poured onto her face. She locked her lips over the
  other girl's gaping twat hole, licking greedily into it and sucking out as
  much of the tangy girl-cum as she could, drinking it like a beloved vintage.  
The two girls squirmed and wriggled in the puddle of nasty, smelly piss,
  licking and slurping and sucking each other's hot, juicy cunts. Hands grabbed
  and groped firm wet thighs and soft, bouncing ass cheeks. The girls moaned
  and murmured and worshiped each other's pussy with their tongues and lips and
  faces... lost in each other... sharing and giving away themselves.  
They licked and slurped at each other's cunt for nearly an hour, wallowing
  in ecstasy and the nasty puddle of piss filth on the floor. At long last, the
  powerful storm of nasty delight washed over them, and they came, hard, deeply,
  and exactly together. Their hot, nasty pussies celebrated by squirting out
  copious quantities of thick, creamy cunt honey. Sandy let's Grace enjoy the
  flow from her own twat however she liked, while she let the gush from the older
  girl's hot fuckhole pour over her face, drenching her in Grace's sweet, nasty
  cunt blessing.  
The two lovely young teen girls lay like that for several minutes, basking
  in the warm afterglow of their lezbo mouth-fucking orgy. Their hands roamed
  smoothly, softly, and freely over whatever exposed flesh they could reach.
  They reveled and swam in the beauty and delight of each other body... and love...
  until at last they fell asleep... still in the sixty-nine position... still
  and quiet and comfortable in the filthy puddle of girl piss.  
* * * * * * * * * *  
Sandy and Grace spent the next day relaxing as much as they could in the
  old abandoned barn. On the other side of the house, they found an old hand
  pump, and were able to draw up enough clean water to quench their thirst. Almost
  idly, without much commitment, they also took a few handfuls of clean water
  and semi-rinsed some of crusting filth from their smooth, tender skin. Though
  they still looked stained and dirty, the largest portion of the filth that
  covered them washed easily off. They then avoided the quickly evaporating puddle
  of piss from the night before, and lay in the straw pile, lovingly fondling
  each other and talking... about their past... their desires and dreams... and
  about what life would be like at Mistress Carla's home.  
As the day began to give way to the night, Grace shouldered her bag again,
  and the two beautiful, naked girls ambled away westward, back to the livestock
  transfer center they found the previous night.  
Under cover of darkness, the crept up quietly to the buildings. Not even
  any animals made any noise as they approached, though several of the truck
  were still idling. As they looked around one corner, they heard a door open,
  and a tall gentleman stepped out. Sandy ducked back behind the building, but
  Grace peered out through a tear in an old canvas banner that hung loosely by
  the side of the building. She kept still and quiet as she listened.  
"You're my last ticket for the night, Hank. Headed back east?" asked an unseen
  male voice.  
The tall driver turned around to answer. "Naw," he said, his rural accent
  thick and deep, "Gotta take this here empty hog trailer back to the feller
  that owns it... other side of the river about ten miles this side of Columbia,
  Missourah."  
"Gotcha, Hank," said the invisible voice, "You drive careful now, ya' hear?"  
"Thanks, Bob," answered the driver, "See ya' next week." The light vanished
  as the two girls heard a thin metal door close, and the driver turned back
  toward the trucks. He opened the door to the cab of a blue one with that still
  had the motor running and climbed up inside.  
Grace turned around to Sandy. "Did you hear that?" she asked in a whisper
  tinged with excitement.  
"I sure did," Sandy whispered back, "I think that's our ride!"  
Grace nodded, pulled her bag up securely on her shoulder, and smiled. "I
  know how to get into that livestock trailer," she said, "That's how I got as
  far as I did before I met you. It's easy. Let's go!"  
With Grace leading the way, the two girls crept softly through the shadows
  to the truck, and darted quickly up to the rear. The older girl pushed open
  a feeding panel, and they quickly climbed inside. Then Grace pushed the panel
  shut again, and sat their lovely young asses down on the dusty floor crusted
  with dried animal feces and urine.  
Safely inside, Sandy could tell that they could see out between the side
  slats of the trailer, but the same slats would make it very difficult for anyone
  to see in. Still, she felt a bit apprehensive. She whispered to her friend. "Is
  there any chance we will get caught?" she asked.  
"I don't think so," answered Grace as she shuffled around to try and get
  comfortable, "I've done this before. These trailers only go back to the farm
  unless they have animals in them as cargo. Once it stops, all we have to do
  is sneak out and dash away. It'll work. Trust me! Besides, it's the only chance
  we have of getting across the Mississippi River. The bridges are all really
  long with constant traffic. Not a problem if you're wearing clothes, but we're
  completely naked. Someone would see us before we got a hundred yards."  
Sandy nodded, and accepted her friend's explanation. "As for being naked," she
  said, "if we are lucky, we'll never have to wear clothes again. Right?"  
The two girls giggled at each other, then leaned in together and kissed softly
  for several long seconds.  
Within a few minutes, the truck snorted and jerked slightly, then the trailer
  began rolling over the gravel driveway, picking up speed slowly as it pulled
  away from the transfer village. The jostling of the trailer made Sandy's still
  sore and bruised titties bounce and wobble with each bump, renewing the throbbing
  pain that flowed for the crimson and purple bruises. But she didn't complain...
  just let Grace enjoy watching them bounce.  
Their plan had worked perfectly so far. They were, at least, on their way
  across the river.  
The truck did indeed head west. Only a few minutes after it pulled out of
  the lot, Sandy looked out between the side slats and saw that they were on
  the bridge over the river. Secretly, she knew she was getting more and more
  apprehensive about this journey. The more success she and Grace had going west,
  the closer she felt the reality of being a slave... a sex slave... to an older
  woman. But her friend seemed okay with it, and had taught her much during the
  past days they had been together. She felt like she had learned to experience
  much more intense emotions... more satisfying feelings. The memory of the dildo
  in her ass, and the gentle throbbing in her bruised titmeat, were reassuring.  
Grace suggested they eat one more of the can of beans. After that, they would
  only have one can of potato soup left. They could save that for later. Once
  they made it to Mistress Carla's, food would never be a problem for them again.
  After sharing the beans, the naked young girls held each other close against
  the howling wind that blew in between the side slats of the trailer. They were
  tired, but they dared not sleep. They weren't exactly sure when the truck would
  stop.  
The truck drove on through St. Louis and up the interstate highway without
  a hitch. Very little traffic passed them. That calmed Sandy's nerves even more.
  They sat out the trip almost in complete silence, content just to hold each
  other's filthy and naked teen fuckflesh tightly.  
After several hours, the truck pulled off of the highway, headed on a quiet
  asphalt road that snaked through the tree-covered hills and through a couple
  of small towns. Then it turned westward again onto a narrow gravel road for
  several miles. Sandy looked out between the slats, and saw up ahead some buildings
  surrounded by wooded areas and fields. They seemed to be approaching the trucks
  destination, so the two naked teen girls prepared to depart... running if they
  had to, so they made sure their shoes were still firmly on their small, dainty
  feet.  
The truck slowed down, and pulled into a gravel area where there were other
  trailers of various kinds parked. The driver shut off the engine, obviously
  planning to stay a while, got out, and ambled up to one of the buildings some
  distance up ahead, carrying his logbook in his hand.  
Grace looked out the right side of the trailer, and smiled. "This is perfect," she
  said, "All the vehicles and buildings are on the other side of this truck.
  On this side, there's just a low wire fence, then a field, and some woods about
  fifty yards away."  
"Great," said Sandy with a relieved smile, "Let's get out of here before
  they come to inspect the trailer."  
Carefully, Grace pushed open the panel they entered from, and crawled through
  it, pulling her almost empty bag out with her. Sandy quickly followed. The
  night was dark since the moon had set long ago. Only the stars lit their way.
  Still, the two lovely, naked girls managed to get quietly over the fence and
  across the field. They ducked into the tree line, and found that it was only
  a windbreak. The field on the other side of it was freshly planted and had
  some corn seedlings coming up. The furrows ran east and west, giving the two
  girls an easy path to follow. Hidden by the trees on their left, and with nothing
  but fields and woods on the right and in front of them, they hurried out of
  sight of the trucking station, and soon felt much safer. They found a clearing
  in the woods about a mile out from the truck, and they decided to rest for
  the night. To tired for fucking or dildoing, they simply fell asleep on a thick
  bed of leaves. Nothing disturbed them.  
When morning came, they started out again almost as soon as they were awake.
  They both felt a kind of urgency, since their food was running out and they
  were, after all, completely naked and defenseless but for their almost unusable
  shoes.  
Several times during the morning, they crossed narrow, seldom used roads,
  and had to skirt several houses that loomed on the horizon. But nothing and
  no one molested them... not even insect bites. Probably because they stank
  of garbage and animal waist, thought Sandy. And she laughed to herself, still
  walking a step behind her dark-haired friend so she could watch her bouncing
  ass cheeks.  
As the day wore on toward evening and the sun began to sink low on the distant
  horizon, Sandy and Grace stepped out of a tree line, and found themselves almost
  on the edge of a well-maintained asphalt road going north and south. They had
  no idea where they were at the moment, but about a hundred yards south they
  saw what appeared to be a three-way intersection with the third road headed
  west. Atop the 'STOP' sign on the eastbound side of that road stood what appeared
  to be street sign. Keeping in the shadows so that they might not be seen, though
  there seemed no traffic at all for the time being, Grace pulled out what appeared
  to be a post card from the side pouch of her tattered canvas bag, and looked
  at the back.  
"What's that," asked Sandy, eyeing the five by seven cardboard rectangle.  
"The front is a picture of Mistress Carla's house," answered Grace, still
  looking at the drawing on the back, " but this side is a map there, and her
  address. I don't know what road this is, but the map shows a three way stop
  on Route 37, and a road called Wiener Avenue going west from there, and her
  house is on that road. She wrote down that from there that there are some scattered
  farms and a landfill, and her house is about sixteen miles the other side of
  the landfill and set back into the woods on the south side of the road. Only
  her mailbox is visible from the street."  
"Is that road Wiener Avenue, then?" asked Sandy, rubbing her tired eyes and
  sore titties."  
Grace smiled and replaced the card in the bag. "I don't know," she said, "Let's
  go find out."  
Sticking to the edge of the trees, they made their way southward toward the
  intersection, ducking back into the trees only once to avoid a passing blue
  Ford Pinto with it's lights on in the twilight. After that, there was no more
  traffic. The two naked young girls got as close as they could to the sign before
  they dared dash across the road and slipping into the trees on the other side.
  Still, no cars came. Indeed, the only sound was a soft, tuneful notes of songbirds
  coming from some distance away. They stayed inside the tree line as they approached
  the sign. The gathering gloom made it unreadable from the trees, so Grace checked
  around to make sure no cars approached on the road, then ran out into the open
  to look at the sign. Sandy stayed among the trees, and watched as her friend
  scampered out over the grass. The dark-haired girl's lovely soft ass bounced
  and jiggled with each bounding step. Sandy grinned, giggled to herself at the
  sight, and felt her uncovered pussy warm up, clit tingling, then the warm tickle
  of her cunt honey leaking out of her fuckhole and streaming down her thighs.
  As Grace checked the sign, the brunette little slut squeezed her still quite
  sore titties, wincing at the pain, then dipped her fingers between her thighs
  and scoop up a few smears of her pussy cream, put it to her lips, and licked
  it. Her fingers were clean as Grace scampered back over the grass and back
  into the trees.  
"This is it!" she said with a wide, excited smile on her dirty face, eyes
  sparkling brightly in the slowly fading light, "We're almost there!"  
Sandy couldn't help jumping up and down a little with excitement at the welcome
  news, which made her bruise-painted titties ache all the more. "That's wonderful," she
  said, "but it's getting really late now. We should find a place to hide for
  the night, then go on tomorrow."  
"That a good idea," said Grace, re-shouldering her bag, "By this time tomorrow
  night, we will be in Mistress Carla's house!" She leaned toward her bruise-titted
  friend, took her in her arms, and the two embraced lovingly. So filled with
  joy at the prospect of their relief from their long ordeal, they both began
  weeping again. This time, they were happy tears.  
After a few minutes, the started westward again, walking hand in hand together,
  stepping lightly while keeping close to the trees in case a car came by. But
  nothing besides themselves and a few fireflies disturbed the silence of the
  remote road they followed, being Wiener Avenue. Sandy almost felt like she
  was on her way home for the first time in her life.  
After they had traveled about two miles, the trees suddenly ended. They stopped
  in the darkness to try to see where they were. Ahead of them, Wiener Avenue
  curved gracefully around to the north, then far up ahead back south then straight
  west again. Jutting into that curve and stretching southward, the two girls
  could see a vast, barren-looking area surrounded by a high orange fence, with
  the trees standing again beyond the far side. A thick, foul stench assaulted
  their noses, making them cough and gag for a moment before the gentle breezed
  turned back around from the north.  
"I guess this is the landfill," said Sandy, and coughed again as she tried
  to get the vulgar odor out of her nose.  
"I think you're right," said Grace, covering her nose vainly against the
  smell of decay, "We can't stay here. We'll get eaten alive by bugs from the
  dump. The map shows the road going over stream just on the other side of the
  horizon... a bridge. Maybe we can hide out there for the rest of the night
  and continue on in the morning. We just have to get around the landfill, and
  the road is completely open all the way to the other side... looks like half
  a mile or so, but I can't tell in this light. Maybe we could try backtracking
  just this once."  
"Um... that's not so smart, I think," said Sandy, still gazing at the open
  distance ahead of them, "We just came that way, and we know there is nothing
  behind us except trees and the road. We'll just have to hurry, I guess, and
  hope no one comes by until we make it to the tree line on the other side."  
"Then we should try to run," said the dark-haired girl, and she secured the
  strap of her bag over her shoulder as Sandy nodded her agreement. Grace checked
  behind and ahead of them once again, looking for headlights and listening for
  the sound of auto engines. Nothing came from either east or west that she could
  see, so she turned and smiled at her younger, filthy little brunette friend
  and smiled. "Let's go!"  
They took a deep breath, then jogged out into the open. Their filthy titties
  and nasty ass cheeks bounced and quivered and jiggled with each step as they
  ran along the road. Each step sent new aching thrills flashing out of Sandy's
  bruised titmeat, making her pussy throb between her legs even as she continued
  to run. Beside her, Grace jogged along easily, keeping step with her companion.  
They began to breathe a little harder from exertion as they followed the
  curve of the road around the landfill. The ravine between the road and the
  tall fence was filled with shallow stagnant water, overgrown with dead cattails
  and tall weeds. A thick layer of greasy white muck swirling in odd curves over
  the surface. Filth from the landfill, Sandy guessed, and tried to ignore the
  sight. The field on the north side of the road was flat and featureless, without
  even a drainage ditch. The stubby brown grass came right up to the edge of
  the road, and stretched far to the north, out of the girls' sight.  
Weakened by hunger, Sandy could not keep up the pace, and had to stop as
  they neared the northernmost point of the curve. So she stopped on the road,
  and Grace halted a moment later and trotted back to her. The young brunette
  put her hands on her knees, hung her head, and breathed and gasped, fighting
  the ache in her tits and the dizziness in her head. The smell from the landfill
  choked her, making her cough and hack as she struggled to catch her breath.  
"Are you alright, little slut," asked Grace, breathing deeply herself, though
  obviously feeling much stronger than her friend, and she put a trembling hand
  on Sandy's naked shoulder.  
Sandy looked up at the older naked girl, smiled, and then hung her head again. "I
  will be," she said between gasps, "I'm just so weak. I can't run so much when
  I'm this hungry. I think I just need a few seconds to catch my breath."  
Grace rubbed the gasping girl's shoulder, trying to comfort her, and looked
  up and down the road. Then she started, looking back east, eyes wide. Sandy
  looked up at Grace just in time to watch a wide-eyed horror spread across her
  face. "Oh, damn!" said the raven-tressed girl, "There's a car coming from behind
  us! We have to hide!"  
Sandy stood up straight, and now shared her friend's dread. She looked back
  behind her, toward the east. Indeed, the harsh glow of headlights assailed
  the darkness, and presently the low drone of a car motor. But seemed to be
  growing very quickly, getting closer. Then suddenly the lights appeared on
  top of the rise.  
"Damn!" cried Sandy, "what are we going to do? There's no place to hide!"  
"Get down into the ravine," said Grace, "We'll hide in the weeds."  
Sandy looked over the edge, into the filthy-choked ravine. "You mean... into
  that? It looks like vomit. It'll make us sick!"  
"So will jail if we get caught," said Grace, "Just try to stay away from
  the water. Now come on!"  
Despite her revulsion at the sight and smell of the ravine, Sandy decided
  Grace was right. Together, they scrambled into the tall weeds, stepping clumsily
  down the loose rocks and dirt and ducking down below the tops of the cattails
  as the lights grew stronger, almost fully illuminating them.  
They stepped onto a muddy ridge covered with dead vegetation. It gave way,
  and they both shrieked as they fell backward clumsily, and slide with a splash
  into the water. Revulsion overcame Sandy as she found herself up to her eyes
  in the scummy water and covered from head to toe in the slimy muck. Grace fell
  completely under the surface, and suddenly pushed her head back up into the
  air. The girls coughed and sputtered and spat, sitting up to their necks in
  what amounted to raw, greasy sewage and rotting waste. The stench overwhelmed
  Sandy and she wretched violently, and would have vomited if there had been
  anything in her stomach.  
Grace managed to hold her bag up out of the water, so it was still dry, but
  she, like Sandy, was covered with a thick layer of the pale, oily crud. She
  struggled to control her coughing, and enjoyed a small measure of success.
  She wiped the muck away from her eyes and peered up through the thick growth
  of weeds. Sandy did the same, still hacking and sputtering as she tried to
  spit out the scum that had seeped past her lips into her mouth.  
Above them, on the road, the glow of the headlights grew stronger, though
  they could no longer see the vehicle. It seemed it would pass, but as the sound
  of the engine approached, it suddenly quieted, replaced by a harsh, high-pitched
  whine of brakes in need of service, and the wheels ground to a halt on the
  road above them. The two girls backed up as far as they could against the bank,
  and stayed still, keeping the thick growth of cattails and weeds above their
  heads.  
Sandy felt a violent itch in her throat, and she stifled another cough without
  much success.  
"Quiet!" whispered Grace, "And be still. They probably aren't looking for
  us, but you never know." Sandy swallowed to cool the burn in her throat, and
  willed herself to remain motionless.  
Above them, new lights appeared. They flashed red and blue, giving the area
  an odd, multicolored illumination. The girls' hearts sank, though they continued
  to stay still. It was a police car on the road above them. Sandy heard the
  dull clunking of opening car doors, and then saw a beam of a flashlight, knifing
  through the darkness above the girls' heads, over the ravine and toward the
  landfill fence. Her heart fluttered in her chest as she watched the beam slowly
  swing from side to side.  
Presently, another car door opened and closed, and Sandy heard the heavy
  steps of booted feet.  
"What are you looking for, Sheriff?" said a male voice which sounded adult,
  but fairly young. Sandy guessed it was a deputy, since the voice was apparently
  talking to a Sheriff. Fighting back her urge to run, she stay as still as she
  could. Beside her, Grace did the same thing.  
"I don't know," said an older, gravelly male voice, "I thought I saw a couple
  of kids running around out here. They looked dressed all in white, but I they
  vanished almost as soon as I saw them."  
"Well, they couldn't have gone far," said the other, younger voice, "you
  reckon they might have jumped the ditch and fence?"  
"No, not possible," said the Sheriff, still swinging the beam of the flashlight
  from side to side, "We would have seen that. And they would have had to get
  across this here ditch."  
"That?" said the Deputy, "Only an idiot would try to jump that. It's an open
  sewer drain out of the dump. No telling what kind of crap is floating around
  down there."  
"Yeah," said the Sheriff and he aimed the flashlight down into the water,
  just in front of the cowering naked girls, "Well, I don't see anything now,
  and there ain't nothing moving." He sighed heavily, then the harsh white beam
  of light vanished as he turned the flashlight off, "I guess maybe I just saw
  a deer or something."  
"Maybe," replied the deputy, "A white-tails ass is all white. They could
  jump the ditch, and be off down the other side of the dump before we could
  see them."  
"Yeah, you're right, Jack," said the Sheriff, and then laughed, "I guess
  it was nothing. Besides there's no vehicle, no bicycle, no tracks of any kind...
  just nothing. And the nearest house is four miles away. Come on, little feller.
  Let's get on down to the Chicken Shed and get a bucket of barbecue. I'm starved."  
"Yes, Sir, Sheriff!"  
Sandy heard the shuffling of boots on the road surface, then the opening
  of car doors again, followed by the same doors slamming shut. Her heart beat
  normally again as the blue and red lights stopped flashing. A moment later,
  a dull thump resonated from above the girls, and then the grinding of tires
  on the road. The bright glow of headlights dimmed as the car sound faded. Even
  after all was silent and completely dark, the two naked girls stayed still,
  up to their necks in the filthy, greasy much of the ravine. Though they breathed
  a little easier now, they both felt it best to wait a minute or two to make
  sure the Sheriff's car was long gone.  
Finally, Sandy stirred, turning slowly back around and grasping for handholds
  on the muddy, rocky bank. The filthy water sloshed dully around her as she
  pulled herself up and away from the mire. Grace did the same thing a moment
  later. Groaning and gasping against the stench, the two girls slowly climbed
  back up the bank, free at last of the mire in the ditch. They stood on the
  asphalt, their tender young bodies completely covered with the filthy, oily
  goo. It stuck in their hair, flowed down between their tits and the cracks
  of their asses, and dripped from their nipples.  
"Oh, fuck me!" cried Sandy as she tried to wipe the thick filth from her
  arms and face, "This is the nastiest crap I have ever seen. And we just went
  swimming in it."  
Grace set her bag on the pavement, and jumped up and down as she tried to
  shake the filth from her naked body. "We had no choice, Sandy," she said, "I
  was so scared when I saw those colored lights flashing. I thought we were dead
  for sure."  
"Oh, this stuff is disgusting," said the goo-dripping younger girl, slinging
  gobs of the stuff away from her body, "We still might be dead unless we get
  this mess off of us. Yuck, it stinks!"  
"Well, the only way to do that is to get to the bridge," said Grace, flinging
  away thick blobs of goo from her thighs, "It's over a stream. Maybe that will
  be enough to wash some of this crap off of us."  
"Oh, I just wish we hadn't gone down into that crap," said Sandy, shaking
  the muck out of her tangled hair.  
"It looked like we could have just sat among the weeds,&quot; said Grace
  as she bent, picked up her bag, and held it away from her scum-drenched body, "but
  it doesn't matter. We didn't have a choice."  
"I know," said Sandy, her voice still strained with disgust, "Let's just
  go before this stuff starts to burn our skin off."  
They gathered their strength, checked up and down the road again, and then
  started jogging slowly westward along the road, following the curve south,
  then directly west again. Huffing and puffing from their run, they finally
  passed the northwestern corner of the landfill fence, and walked the last few
  dozen yards up the shallow slope to the edge of the woods. Sandy sighed with
  relief as the landfill and the nasty, scum-choked ravine fell further and further
  behind them.  
The two muck-covered naked girls kept themselves off the road, within a few
  steps of the trees. Once more, they had to duck out of sight as a motorcycle
  sped past them, it's V-twin engine tearing through the dark silence for a moment,
  and then was quickly gone. They girls saw nothing else on the road that night.
  Above them, the stars began to vanish as a layer of clouds began streaming
  into the sky above them.  
"Looks like it might rain again," said Sandy, "Those clouds look like they're
  coming in from the north and west. That usually indicates a cool front."  
"Yeah," said Grace, trying to laugh and sound cheerful for her friend's sake, "Maybe
  it will wash some of this scuzz off of us."  
"It might keep raining tomorrow," said Sandy, "Which would mean that we would
  show up at your friend's place naked in the rain."  
Grace giggled. "Well, from what I know about Mistress Carla, she might like
  that."  
"What do you mean."  
"It's just that... well... Carla, she doesn't just like to tie up and spank
  her sex slaves before she fucks them. She also likes to humiliate and degrade
  them. You know... make them feel ashamed."  
"Really?" said the younger girl, "Wow, I don't know about that. That sounds
  weird."  
"Don't worry about it," said Grace, "It can possibly be any worse than this
  crap." She flicked her hand again, and a few small blobs of the oily muck flew
  from her fingertips.  
Sandy just smiled and remained silent, having no argument to the truth of
  her companion's last statement.  
The two naked young girls continued along the road, following it over a low
  rise and into a wide, shallow valley filled with dark trees. The clouds above
  them continued to gather, deepening the gloom around them until they could
  barely see. They were almost onto the bridge they were seeking before they
  actually saw it. Below them, the creek gurgled and trickled between rocks and
  fallen tree debris. Carefully, they felt their way down the embankment, stepping
  into the water without ever seeing it. Almost at that exact moment, drops of
  sprinkling rain began to spatter on their bodies.  
As Sandy and Grace tried, with only partial success, to use the much-cleaner
  creak water to wash the scum from their bodies, the rain began to fall harder.
  Soon they stood up to their ankles in the creek, with a fairly strong fall
  of rain swirling about them. Between the two, Sandy felt like she got just
  enough of the muck off of her self and out of her dangling hair to actually
  feel comfortable.  
As the two naked girls stepped out of the flowing water, a bolt of lightning
  flash through the sky, followed by a low, rolling thunder that resonated through
  the valley. The flashing light illuminated the bridge and the surrounding countryside
  clearly... just before everything vanished in a raging downpour.  
Grace squealed and laughed as she picked up her bag, then reached out to
  her companion and pulled her up out of the stream. Laughing at their predicament,
  the two beautiful young girls stumbled along the bank for a few yards, and
  ducked under the overhang of the bridge, out of the heavy rain. More lightning
  brightened the sky, and another roll of thunder filled the valley. Still giggling
  at each other, they scrambled up the sloping retaining wall until they sat
  on a flat space under the bridge abutment.  
"Oh, I feel so much better now," said Grace, her voice deep and breathy, "This
  sure has been a day to remember, hasn't it."  
Sandy sat down beside her, wringing and squeezing the water out of her dangling
  hair. "You can say that again," she said, trying to sound light and jocular, "but
  I wouldn't want to do it again to save my life. That crap by the landfill was
  terrible." The two laughed together for a moment more, the spent a few minutes
  slinging the water from their much cleaner bodies. Grace suggested they eat
  the last can of soup, took it out of the bag without waiting for a response,
  and opened it. The two young, filthy girls ate pasty cream-of-potato soup with
  their fingers, savoring the lumps. When it was gone, they licked each other's
  fingers clean. Slightly chilled, they sat pressed firmly up against each other,
  sharing their body heat. They sat quietly under the bridge, shrouded in the
  darkness, watching the occasional lightning flash and listening to the growl
  of distant thunder and the falling rain. For long minutes, they just enjoyed
  being together.  
Even as her weariness and weakness began to overtake here, Sandy could not
  help feeling aroused by the feel of Grace's smooth young body. Her tits still
  held a dull, aching throb, and her hot little pink cunt began to tingle and
  feel warm. Snuggling closer to the dark-haired girl, she lay her head on Grace's
  shoulder. Grace lifted her arm, and gently draped it around the younger girl.
  Sandy smiled, feeling safe and happy. Still, the warmth in her cunt grew, and
  she at last decided not to fight it.  
"Grace," she asked, her soft voice drifting through the monotony of the rain, "do
  you still have the dildo?"  
"Of course, little slut," said Grace kindly, "Would you like me to fuck you
  with it. I will if you want me to."  
"No, that's okay," said Sandy, smiling as she stirred and sat up, reluctantly
  pulling herself out from under her friend's comforting arm, "Just give it to
  me. I'll fuck myself with it. I just want to feel it in me as I lay here on
  the ledge next to you."  
Though Sandy didn't see it, Grace smiled, though her contentment of the moment
  was dulled by how tired and drained she felt. She reached into the bag, and
  took out the long, thick pink rubber dildo, and handed it to her younger friend.  
Sandy thanked Grace as she took it from the dark-haired girl's hand. Then
  she slowly lay back onto the rough concrete, and spread her soft, delicate
  thighs to expose her steamy wet cunt. The smell of fresh pussy juice wafted
  through the damp air, and both girls breathed deeply of the sweetly pungent
  aroma. Grace took Sandy's leg by the knee, and pulled it up until it rested
  comfortably across her own legs. She smiled again as Sandy moaned. Then she
  turned toward the naked girl with the dildo, and began slowly, delicately petting
  her smooth tummy and hot, bruised boobies.  
Silently grateful for Grace's soft, loving touch, Sandy maneuvered the dildo
  down between her splayed legs, pointing the tip at her quickly warming cunt.
  She gasped as the tip touched the pink nether lips, and pushed the tip of the
  dildo down her slit until the tip rested in the gaping portal into her hot,
  nasty young body. She gripped the heavy dildo firmly, relaxed her cunt muscles,
  and pushed.  
Like before, it began stretching the rim of her needy fuckhole wide, though
  now with not nearly as much pain. She felt a twinge of fire in her titties
  as Grace grazed her fingers over the brutally beaten titmeat, and pushed harder
  on the base of the wonderful dildo. Another twinge of pain in her hole vanished
  as soon as she felt it. The pressure was just enough to force the head of the
  dildo past her pussy rim, and it popped into place inside her.  
Sandy willed herself to shed all resistance to the delights that now sparkled
  in her needy little twat. She felt Grace's touches on her soft, filthy skin,
  the fiery sting as the raven-tressed girl, and the beautiful flow of warmth
  from her friend's sweet body. She smiled and gasped, and pushed the dildo harder,
  sliding it easily up her needy, dripping pink love tunnel. If filled her up
  so fast and completely that it pressed against Sandy's sensitive cervix at
  the upper, deepest end of her stuffed twat. Reveling in the feeling of fullness
  in her cunt and the delicate light touches that Grace was blessing her with,
  Sandy began to slide the heavy toy in and out of her slurping cunt. The movement
  sent sparkles of delight flashing throughout her body. She forgot about the
  storm and the bridge and the nasty, sewage-filled ravine. She even forgot her
  foster parents and the seventeen long, hellish years she spent with them. Nothing
  existed for her now except her body, her caressing friend next to her, and
  the massive slut toy that she was using to savage her boiling, dripping pussy.
  She knew she would not have to wait a long time for her ecstasy, but she pushed
  it away for the time being. She just lay there... fucking herself for no more
  reason than to feel the blissful delights of having a stuffed, overfull cunt
  and the warmth and tender stroking from her sweet, beautiful friend's dainty
  and graceful hands.  
"Sandy," said Grace softly after several minutes, "I need to go find a place
  to pee."  
Without changing the rhythm of the strokes into her celebrating young pussy,
  Sandy laughed at her friend's needless remark. "You already have a place to
  pee," she said, her voice broken with her passion, "and you don't have to go
  anywhere. Just straddle my face, and I'll take care of it for you.  
Grace chuckled softly, and drew away from her friend, taking warm delight
  in the soft 'squirt... slurp... plup...' noises that came from Sandy's wet,
  slippery, overstuffed cunt. Without hurrying, she pulled herself up to her
  knees next to her dildoing companion, lifted her leg, and swung it around and
  over Sandy's squirmy body to bring her pussy up over the naked brunette slut's
  lovely face. Excitement coursed through her, but she took her time, settling
  slowly down until she sat fully down on the masturbating little slut. Another
  wiggle, and her pussy hole gaped directly over Sandy's open, welcoming mouth.
  Without another moment of hesitation, she relaxed her bladder.  
Sandy moan and writhed with joy as the older girl's steamy twat suddenly
  erupted like a tiny volcano, squirting a steady stream of Grace's bittersweet,
  boiling piss. Her excitement and need having been brutally elevated by the
  girl, Sandy quickened and strengthened the attack on her helpless, juicy pussy.
  The obscene wet noises her fuckhole made as it welcomed the invader over and
  over again became louder and thicker.... 'shlorp... flup... plurp... slorp...
  glorup..." and filled the darkness around the tow sweet, angelic young girls.  
Sandy waited deliberately until the flow from Graces warm, wet cunt filled
  her mouth to capacity. Then she swallowed it in one big gulp and opened her
  jaws again, giving Grace another tiny mouth to dump her wonderful piss into.  
Sandy swallowed mouthful after mouthful of the nasty piss that her friend
  dumped into her mouth. The masturbating little slut wept in gratitude for the
  gift. She gulped it down greedily, and felt the filthy nectar collect into
  a warm pool deep in her tummy. It pushed the intensity of her feelings higher
  and higher with each bitter gulp. She drove the dildo so hard up her slippery
  pink cunt that the tip slammed against her cervix with increasing force, battering
  the delicate passage into her deepest places with merciless savagery. Stroke
  after stroke after deep, wet, brutal stroke, Sandy drove the dildo with all
  her strength as deep as it would go into her throbbing, aching fuckhole, pushing
  herself ever closer to that blessed edge.  
At last Grace tightened her tummy muscles as hard as she could, grunted deeply,
  and forced her bladder to empty itself of every possible drop of steamy piss,
  spewing it with such force into Sandy's greedy mouth that it shot past her
  tongue and poured directly down her throat. The hot spray of liquid girl-filth
  finally pulled the trigger on her need. She spasmed as she sucked at her friends
  hot fuckhole, crammed the dildo as hard as she could into her slippery snatch,
  stiffened, convulsed, and groaned as she at last tipped over the edge of passion
  and found herself flying in a vast ocean of searing hot ecstasy. She came...
  hard, deeply, fully... and surrendered herself to the waves of warmth that
  poured out of her throbbing wet cunt to spread throughout her trembling young
  naked body, heating and quivering her sore, bruised titties and swirling around
  the pool of bitter, golden piss in her tummy.  
After long minutes, the intense assault of pleasure waves subsided, and Sandy
  lay there, her mouth locked firmly over Grace's generous and loving cunt, not
  wishing to let it go. Slowly, she slid the massive pink rubber toy out of her
  glowing cunt. It slipped out of the wet, oily hole with thickly wet 'flurrrup!'
  It left her pussy empty, but grateful for the savage assault.  
Grace also at last lifted herself from the younger slut's face, and Sandy's
  cunt continued to reach up toward the gaping pink fuckhole that had just filled
  the lovely brunette young girl with a treasure of golden liquid filth. Without
  saying anything, Grace simply drew her legs back around and lay down beside
  her exhausted friend, feeling the gently warming glow that poured out of Sandy's
  body. She took the dildo from the girl's hand, and dropped it back into the
  canvas bag. Then lay down next to the lovely, piss-filled little slut, bent
  her head over Sandy's face, and softly pressed her lips to her friend's mouth.  
Grace immediately enjoyed a sparkle of the flavor of her own bitter, golden
  piss on Sandy's delicate lips, and welcomed it, licking it away and swallowing
  it. Then she felt Sandy's arms rise and wrap around her shoulders and neck,
  drawing her tighter. The younger girl's tongue snaked past both sets of lips,
  and danced joyfully inside Grace's warm, welcoming mouth. Her own tongue joined
  the dance, and the two beautiful young filthy girls embraced, kissed, and poured
  their love into each other as the forgotten storm raged and the rain poured
  around them.  
They lay there on the bare rough concrete under the bridge, kissing and sharing
  the warm afterglow of Sandy's intense cum. Weariness slowly crept over them,
  and they finally faded to the comforting darkness of sleep, lips still touching
  and locked in their sweet love embrace with their thin limbs wrapped around
  each other.  
* * * * * * * * * *  
The two lovely and naked young girls never fell out of their embrace the
  entire night as they slept. They awoke exactly together, prodded to consciousness
  by the soft trilling of a bird somewhere in the surrounding woods. It was fully
  light, but that light was dull and gray. The rain had slowed somewhat but had
  not ceased. It had become a slow, steady shower, sprinkling into the clearly
  swollen brook that ran southward under the bridge. The air felt warm to Sandy
  despite the rain. She turned her head to look at her beloved girlfriend, watching
  her rise and scoot down the retaining wall a bit so she could stretch and yawn.  
Then Sandy suddenly smiled. It was morning... the last morning before they
  were to meet Mistress Carla face to face. It would happen before the day was
  over. She was certain of it. She smiled, feeling comforted by the certainty
  of what would happen that day, but also a little anxious because after she
  met the woman, nothing would be familiar to her.  
She leaned up on her elbows and looked at her friend and herself. Their bodies
  were in fact much cleaner and smoother now. There were still dark patches here
  and there, and she guessed that it would take lots of soap to get them finally
  and completely clean. But for now, even her hair looked cleaner and less tangled.  
Grace turned around, and smiled brightly at Sandy. &quot;Well," she said,
  her voice almost singing, "this is the day, little sister. By midnight tonight,
  if all goes well, you and I will be well-fucked sex slaves in Mistress Carla's
  house. Are you excited?"  
Sandy only lay back on the concrete again and laughed, folding her tiny pink
  hands over her soft, smooth tummy, which still felt warm and full from the
  fill of tart girl-filth that she drank from her raven-haired girlfriend's sweet,
  beautiful pussy. She sighed, thinking of the hours and days ahead. "I don't
  know," she said at last, "I guess I am. But you have to remember this is all
  still pretty new to me. I mean... it's wonderful, but I think it may be different
  at Mistress Carla's house. I am just a little scared because I don't really
  know what to expect."  
"You do know, though," answered Grace, "what is likely to happen to you if
  you don't go to the Mistress' house and become her sex slave. Then you'll be
  right back where you were before you left home."  
"Yeah, you're right, Grace, of course," said Sandy, feeling a little better
  about it already. Then she rose to a sitting position again, and gazed at her
  slim, beautiful girlfriend. "How far did you say it was to Mistress Carla's?" she
  asked.  
Grace turned around, and scooped up the depleted canvas bag. Sandy knew now
  that the bag contained only the dildo, can-opener, the strip of thin wood she
  had dubbed the Tit-Whacker, and the map.  
"The information on the card says that her place is sixteen miles west of
  the landfill. We've already come about a mile and a half of that. Still, that
  leaves us with fourteen and a half miles to go. And on this road, it's likely
  to take us until late tonight to get there."  
"You also said that picture on the card is her house, right? So won't we
  be able to recognize it?"  
"Yes, it is, but it's not visible from the road. Her mailbox has her name
  on it, so we'll have to look for that first. Her full name is Doctor Carla
  Hamilton, and yes, she is a medical doctor."  
"Okay," said Sandy with a warm but uncertain smile on her face. Then she
  scooted down onto the retaining wall, and stood up, smiling at her lovely,
  dark-haired girlfriend. "I guess that there really is nothing left to say,
  and nothing to do except get on the road and go, good weather or not, and do
  our best not to be seen or caught."  
Grace laughed again, the sound filling Sandy's ears like sweet, comforting
  music. She pulled the bag's strap up over her shoulder, and moved up next to
  the younger girl. "Absolutely right, little sis," she said, looking deeply
  into Sandy's eyes, her gaze full of excitement and love. She leaned forward,
  and kissed the brunettes delicate lips. "Okay! Let's go!"  
They checked their shoes one last time. Sandy saw that hers might not last
  the day. When she stood before the Mistress, she was likely to be utterly without
  possession, as her shoes would be gone. Already, they felt loose and ragged
  on her tiny pink feet. When she compared hers with Grace's, she decided that
  her girlfriend wasn't any better off. They would both be completely and utterly
  naked, weak, and helpless when they saw the Mistress with their own eyes.  
Bucking up their last reserves of energy and strength for this last segment
  of their long journey, the two slender and beautiful young girls emerged from
  under the bridge into the gray, steady rain. A quick check to make sure no
  vehicles were coming from either direction, and they scrambled up onto the
  bridge, ran quickly across it, and hurried to the edge of the woods.  
Despite their understandable paranoia at their situation, dreading a surprise
  drive-by that might spy them, the road was completely abandoned for almost
  the entire day. Probably because it was raining and everyone wanted to stay
  home, thought Sandy. It being summer, she thought it might also be due to a
  holiday. Either way, the road was entirely theirs for the day. They only had
  to duck back into the trees once to hide from a speeding sports car, but that
  was the only vehicle they saw. The lack of traffic on the road allowed them
  to make good progress, considering they had eaten very little for at least
  a month, and they were both weak and weary.  
As the day wore toward evening, the rain never seemed to change. The two
  girls still trudged on along the road, headless of the shower that fell constantly
  on their heads. It was easy to ignore because it felt fairly warm on their
  skin. Still, hunger began to take its toll on the lovely naked girls, slowing
  them down even though their way was mostly clear. Despite that, they were determined,
  and kept moving.  
The gray light seemed to be fading toward darker and darker shades as the
  two girls trudged slowly through the gentle but constant shower to the top
  of a rise, and looked along a stretch of the road in front of them. They saw
  a couple of houses in the distance. Other than that, there were the trees that
  continued to line the sides of the road. This was broken, however, by post
  mailboxes set out near the road.  
"We have to be close, Sandy," said Grace, and she bent to pull her disintegrating
  shoes up again. It was almost becoming a useless effort to continue to wear
  them. "We'll have to be careful, and check each mailbox on the south side of
  the road. She wrote on the map that her mailbox and house are on the south
  side."  
"It's getting late, too," said Sandy, "The darkness should hide us pretty
  well as long as most everyone stays inside. It is a bad day, after all. We've
  hardly seen anyone on the road all day." Her tummy growled and cramped, demanding
  to be filled with nourishment, but she fought back the pangs so she could focus
  on the task ahead. Her shoes felt loose again, and she bent to try and pull
  them up. As she slipped her finger into the band to grip it, the brittle fabric
  fell apart, breaking the band. "Oh, no!" she cried, her voice tinged with despair, "My
  shoes!" She tried to pull the other one tight as well. It, too, fell to pieces
  at her touch. "Damn it! Well, that's that. I now officially have absolutely
  nothing to wear!" She kicked her feet up, flinging the useless slabs of rubber
  and tattered canvas off of her feet and into the grass behind them. Then she
  stood there with her bare feet in a shallow, muddy puddle. She was, at last,
  completely bare and void of any possessions, money, or home. Struggle as she
  might, she could not prevent the grief and despair from tearing at her heart.
  . She wept, softly and quietly. Her sad tears mingled into the raindrops on
  her face and vanished.  
Grace looked at her beautiful, though thin, young girlfriend, and heard her
  soft whimpering. She approached Sandy, and kissed her gently on the cheek.
  Then pulled back a couple of feet and smiled. "Hey! Sandy!" she said, her voice
  soft and sweet and musical, "Little sis! Look!"  
Slowly, Sandy turned her head and looked at her slender girlfriend, her eyes
  still filled with misery.  
Grace never lost her smile. She opened the side pocket of the canvas bag,
  and pulled out the card with the map and picture on it. "This is the only thing
  we have left that we need," she said. Then she flung the bag, still containing
  the dildo and the wood strip, far into the gaps between the trees. It vanished
  from their sight. Then she pulled off her own loose and rapidly deteriorating
  white canvas shoes, and heaved them one by one into the woods as well.  
Sandy watched her friend's last possession vanish into the shadows of the
  forest, the she looked at Grace. Her face had a strange expression; half-stunned
  and half-confused... and all amazed. But the slim, raven-tressed young girl
  only smiled. "Now we are both the same," she said, "We're both completely vulnerable,
  weak, and helpless. No clothes, money, possessions or family." Then she reached
  out, and put a soft, comforting hand on her friend's shoulder. "No family," she
  continued, "except for each other, and soon Mistress Carla. This map, little
  sis," she held up the card, clutched tightly in her dainty fingers, "it's the
  only thing left that we need, and then only for another hour or so. After that,
  we'll have Mistress Carla in our family, and we won't ever again need anything
  else, not even clothes."  
Sandy gazed at her lovely girlfriend, taking strength from her smile and
  dark, loving eyes. Her own smile slowly returned. "Oh, Grace," she said, and
  opened her arms to the girl, "Grace, I love you!"  
The two girls fell into each other's embrace, and wept together joyfully,
  completely exposed and helpless in the rain and the quickly gathering gloom.
  The rest of the world vanished for Sandy, and she no longer cared if they were
  seen. They would likely be with Mistress Carla long before anyone who did see
  them could do anything about it.  
The just stood there on the side of the empty road, holding each other...
  and loving each other.  
Eventually, Grace broke their embrace, and looked deeply into Sandy's eyes. "Come
  on, little sis," she said, "Let's go find our Mistress!"  
The two lovely young naked girls bounded headlong into the last thrust of
  their long journey. They kept to the edge of the trees, ready to duck back
  into them and hide on an instant's notice. Only once did they see a car, but
  it pulled out of a driveway some distance ahead of them and headed in opposite
  direction. They just ducked behind a tree for a few seconds to make sure it
  was not headed for them, then the emerged and hurried along the south side
  of the road again. They also heard a dog barking, but that was very far away
  and stopped after only a few seconds. They ignored the slow steady rain and
  the gathering gloom as much as possible, darting out to the road only to read
  the name on the mailboxes.  
The only thing that really slowed the two girls was their lack of shoes.
  Small rocks and bits of jagged wood bit into the soft souls of their tiny white
  feet. It didn't seem to bother Grace, but Sandy soon found herself limping
  slightly, favoring her left foot from a nasty poke from a sharp broken tree
  branch. Grace stayed with her, only leaving her to quickly scamper out into
  the open to check a mailbox name. Sandy felt grateful they only had to check
  the names on the south side of the road.  
The darkening gray finally faded to almost complete black, and the names
  on the boxes became very difficult to read. Still, the girls refused to pass
  up a single one until they knew what the name on the side was. Grace was forced
  to read a few by feeling the shapes of the letters.  
Still, for three long hours, the rain fell, the darkness closed in, and the
  two beautiful young unwashed girls pushed on, feeling that they might find
  the end of the community without ever finding what they were searching for.  
Finally, Sandy felt her hunger, weakness, exhaustion, and the dull pain in
  the soles of her feet draining her last reserves of energy. She leaned against
  a tree next to a muddy driveway while Grace felt the raised letter shapes on
  a dark black mailbox atop a twisted wrought-iron post to read the name. It
  took several seconds longer than her previous efforts did, Sandy noted, and
  wondered what could be taking so long. She hung her head and breathed deeply,
  fighting away the powerful urge in her to give up and find a place to rest.  
"Little sis!" Grace called through the darkness, keeping her voice low, though
  she sounded plainly excited, "This is it! We're there!" She almost ran over
  Sandy as she scampered happily back to the driveway, her small feet splashing
  through a few muddy puddles.  
Though almost completely drained, Sandy felt a new surge of hope and energy. "Really?" she
  said, holding out her small hands to touch her girlfriend, and finding the
  older girl's small, soft boobs, "Are you sure? It's so dark I can barely see
  you and you're right in front of me. Are you sure it was Mistress Carla's name?"  
"Oh, yes! Positive!" sang Grace, and lifted the younger girl's hands up to
  her lips to kiss them, "I checked the letters four times to make sure. This
  is her driveway! Let's go!"  
Now the rain and the mud and the dark were no obstacle to them as thy started
  up the driveway. They came quickly to a wide aluminum fence that extended across
  the driveway. A large white sign hanging from it was easy to read even in this
  dense darkness.  
"PRIVATE PROPERTY &ndash; KEEP OUT &ndash; NO SOLICITORS"  
The gate was locked and solid, but the two girls found it easy to climb over,
  ignoring the sign. A few moments later, they left the road and the gate behind.
  Hand in hand, they walked happily up the muddy driveway into the dense growth
  of trees. Grace still clutched the wet, though still precious, card in her
  free hand.  
Her spirits renewed yet again, Sandy felt she wanted to hurry... to rush
  forward into her rapidly approaching future. The soft mud of the driveway felt
  kinder to her feet than the street or the tree line. Still, she held tight
  to Grace's hand. Though her voice, like Grace's, was silent, her heart sang
  and celebrated. The driveway was easy to follow; all the two naked, rain-drenched
  girls had to do was stay in the mud and keep moving forward. Each sloshing,
  squishy step made Sandy feel ever nearer to her journey's end... a journey
  that began long weeks ago, without provisions or resources, without a friend,
  and without a destination.  
They walked along the driveway for some time, following it fairly deep into
  the woods. Then suddenly the woods vanished, and the two girls stood on the
  edge of a wide clearing, looking out into the open space.  
Before them stood a two-story frame house, painted white and illuminated
  by several bright lamps that stood on tall posts near the side door. There
  was a front door, but it was dark and appeared unused. The side door had a
  wide, canopy covered porch made of wood planks with three concrete steps leading
  up to it. Under the canopy, two fixtures on either side of the white door lighted
  the porch. A small red and white speaker box jutted out from the wall below
  the fixture on the right of the door. Tall, narrow wood frame windows adorned
  the siding of the house, and the steeply sloped gray shingle roof made the
  building look taller still. Warm light shown through the drapes in several
  on the top floor and one on the bottom floor.  
The driveway snaked through a well kept lawn, past the side door porch, and
  further back toward a few buildings that stood beyond the lampposts. The house
  was surrounded by beautiful flower gardens of yellow lilies and multi-hued
  tulips all in full bloom. There was even a round, white-lattice gazebo in the
  front yard surrounded by blooming rose bushes.  
While Sandy gazed in wonder at the lovely house, excitedly noting shadow
  movement in one top floor window, Grace looked at the picture on the water-soaked
  card, and compared. She smiled widely and joined the younger girl. Together,
  they admired the house, almost afraid to approach it. "It's just like the one
  in picture," she said and last, and put her hand around her companion's trembling
  shoulder.  
"Maybe we should go up and find the door bell," said Sandy, pressing close
  to the older girl's body.  
"Yes," answered Grace, but her voice sound low and grave again, "but I have
  to tell you a few things." Sandy turned her head to look at Grace, and listened. "Remember," the
  older girl continued, "we are here seeking to become her sex slaves. So we
  need to make it look like we are serious."  
"What do I need to do?" asked Sandy, wiping more rainwater out of her weary
  eyes.  
"Well, first..." said Grace, "I think we should go to the door with the porch,
  just because it looks like the door she uses most. Before I ring the doorbell,
  we should both kneel, standing straight up on our knees, and keep our legs
  as wide open as we can. Keep your hands behind your back, arch your chest to
  make those cute titties stick out, and keep your eyes looking down. That way,
  when she opens the door, she will already know why we are here.  
"Then, after she answers the door, stay quiet and let me do the talking.
  I know what to say, and I can show her this picture and map. Don't talk unless
  she tells you too or asks you a question. But do let her touch you and do whatever
  she likes with you. And if she asks you a question, answer as quickly and as
  truthfully as you can."  
"So, we start out from the beginning like we are already her sex slaves," asked
  Sandy, "even though she hasn't accepted us yet?"  
"Yes," said Grace, "and also do whatever she tells you to do, no matter how
  odd or uncomfortable it may seem. We should behave like we believe she already
  owns us. Oh, and remember to always call her Ma'am unless she says otherwise.
  Always be humble and respectful... like a good slave, she would say... and
  try to sound eager and enthusiastic without sounding desperate. And never,
  ever, refuse to obey her when she tells you to do something, or she'll reject
  you right away... maybe both of us."  
Sandy felt another cramp in her raging, empty tummy. "Do you think she'll
  give us something to eat soon?" she asked.  
"I don't know," answered Grace, folding the dripping card in her hand, "It
  would be up to her, so don't mention it to her. She's a doctor, and she has
  had slaves before, so she knows how to take care of them. She might even have
  one or two now for all we know. Just remember... we are here to ask her to
  own us and take care of us. So we have to act like... no... we have to believe
  that she will take care of us, and trust her. You should act like, and believe
  it if you can, that the most important thing in the world to you is for her
  to be happy and content regardless of anything that happens to you. Otherwise,
  she won't take us seriously, and probably tell us we shouldn't have come here
  at all." She drew her arm away from Sandy's shoulder, and held tightly to the
  folded wet card with both hands. "Alright... I hope you remember all that.
  Are you ready, little sis?"  
Sandy looked again at the house, focusing on the door. She breathed a deep,
  gusty sigh, and resigned herself to her decision. "Lead on," she answered.  
Slowly, almost reverently, the two naked and wet girls stepped onto the grass,
  wiping their feet as they walked toward the porch. The mud around their feet
  quickly washed away, helped off their skin by the brushing of the wet grass.
  They stepped into the light of the porch, then slowly up the steps, and onto
  the dry plank under the canopy awning, out of the rain. They stood still for
  a few moments, dripping rainwater from their noses, chins, fingertips, and
  even their pink, puckered little nipples. The light fully exposed their nakedness
  and vulnerability. In a way, to Sandy, it seemed comforting and reassuring,
  coming to this woman as needy and weak as they were. Maybe it would help, she
  thought.  
"Okay," said Grace softly, "watch me, and kneel just like this." She bent
  her knees, and lowered them to the deck, spreading her slender white legs wide
  to expose her lovely pink cunt. She put her hands behind her back, arched her
  spine to pusher her small, tiny-nipped titties forward, and looked down at
  the deck directly in front of her. Sandy noted the position, and in a few moments
  she also was on her widely parted knees in the exact same position. "Good." continued
  Grace, "Now remember to keep your eyes down. Don't look at her until she tells
  you to."  
"I'll remember," said Sandy, looking over her semi-healed but still bruised
  titties to keep her gaze focused on a tiny dark blotch on the white-washed
  porch planks about two feet in front of her. Another deep sigh to steady her
  breathing, and she said softly, "I'm ready."  
Without another word between them, Grace shuffled forward on her knees up
  to the door, raised her forefinger of her left hand, and pressed the center
  button on the speaker box below the sound grid. Quivering slightly with both
  anticipation and apprehension, the two naked girls waited.  
After a few seconds, the speaker behind the grid crackled to life, and a
  voice broke the silence. "You're on private property," said the gruff, but
  somehow sweet-sounding voice, "And it's late, and raining. You better have
  a really good reason for being here. What do you want?" The speaker fell silent.  
Grace paused a moment, then pressed the yellow 'TALK' button. "Mistress Carla?" she
  said. Her voice sounded almost like a whine. She took her finger off the button.  
For an eternity of moments, the speaker remained silent. Sandy's heart pounded
  in her chest, but she still kept her gaze down to the floor.  
The speaker crackled again. "I'll be right there," said the voice, then silence
  again.  
Grace put her arm back behind her back, and waddled on her knees backward
  until she knelt next to her companion on the porch, several feet back away
  from the door and fully exposed by the light. She arched her spine, and looked
  down at the floor. Nervously, the two slim, naked girls waited.  
A light appeared in the window in front of Sandy, glowing through the thin
  drapes. The younger girl began trembling nervously.  
Within moments, the door handle rattled, and the door swung inside. Then
  someone stepped out onto the planks of the porch, stopping a few feet in front
  of the kneeling, naked girls. Sandy could not see the person's face, but her
  feet were in fuzzy slippers. From these, two smooth, sleek. feminine calves
  rose up into a loose blue-green striped garment that Sandy guessed was a bathrobe.
  She turned her eyes back to the blotch on the floor, not daring to look further
  at the woman. She tried and failed to will herself to stop trembling.  
"Oh, my," said the delicate, musical voice, unbroken now by the mechanics
  of the speaker box, "What in the world have we here. Did someone send me a
  present? Look up at me!"  
The two girls slowly raised their heads. Sandy drew her gaze up to the woman's
  face. The robe and slippers made the woman's body appear hidden, common and
  uninteresting, but her face shined from under a magnificent mane of bright,
  golden blond hair that draped in loose curls around her face and down to her
  shoulders. The woman was apparently getting ready for bed, so she wore no make
  up. But even without it, she looked almost angelic to Sandy's eyes, with high
  cheekbones, round eyebrows, a gently curving nose and well-shaped pink lips.
  And her bright blue eyes shined down at the two girls. Sandy breathed hard.
  Already she had fallen in love with the woman, she felt... or at least with
  her lovely face. Sandy guessed the woman to be in her early thirties, though
  it was hard to tell in this light without seeing the rest of her body.  
The woman looked at them and spoke. "I wish I knew how this happened," she
  said, "It should be quite a story. One about how two lovely young ladies come
  to the middle of nowhere, show up naked on my doorstep in the middle of the
  night, in the rain, and calling me by my intimate name, which only a very few
  people in the world know. Interesting... just plain fucking interesting." Her
  stern gaze turned to Sandy. The girl wanted to look away, but couldn't move
  her head... as if she had no choice but to gaze up into those hard, beautiful
  blue eyes.  
"I don't know you, little one," she said, then her eyes flashed over to Grace, "But
  you are familiar. New York, about a year ago, I believe. You were at that high
  school career function I where I was a speaker. We met later behind the theater
  exits as I was leaving, and I had you in my hotel room and was spanking your
  soft little ass less than an hour later. Right?.... Grace?"  
"Yes, Ma'am, Mistress Carla" said the dark-haired girl, "you remember well.
  as I do. I treasure that time now, and have missed you deeply since. But I
  also remembered your promise, and kept your map. You said that if I ever needed
  someone, you would be there for me, to help me and take care of me, but I would
  have consent to become your slave. I've now chosen to accept that offer, if
  I am still allowed to do so." She drew her hands around in front, and offered
  the cardboard picture with the map to the tall, powerful-looking blond woman.  
Without showing expression, good or bad or otherwise, Mistress Carla took
  the waterlogged card, and looked at the map drawing. "Ah yes," she said, and
  the corners of her mouth turned up into a soft smile, "I do remember this.
  You and I had a lot of fun that weekend." She folded the map, and put it in
  her pocket. "That explains why you are here." Her gaze then fell upon Sandy
  again. "But who's this? I know I've never met you before."  
Sandy tried to speak, but she could not tear her attention away from those
  magnificent eyes. She could only let out short squeaks as she groped for words.  
"Please, Mistress Carla," said Grace, keeping her voice low and even to make
  herself sound humble, "Please allow me to explain. I beg you."  
The Mistress turned her eyes back to the older girl. "Go ahead." she said.  
"Thank you, Mistress Carla," said Grace, her voice tinged with a hint of
  joy. The woman's eyes turned again to Sandy, who felt the steely gaze pierce
  into her soul like a sharp knife. They gazed at each other... into each other's
  eyes, as Grace continued. "This is my friend, Sandy, Mistress Carla. She and
  I both ran away from home. I rant to escape my parent's abuse, and she to get
  away from her brutal and cruel foster parents. We met outside a motel on a
  back road in Indiana ten days ago. She had no place to go, so I told her about
  you. We thought perhaps if you needed a slave, or even two, that you might
  consider her even though you've never met her. She has nothing to loose by
  coming here, even if you reject her. So we are both her tonight to beg you
  to accept us and make us your sex slaves, please, Mistress Carla." The raven-haired
  girl fell silent again.  
"I see," said the Mistress, her hand churning in the pockets of her robe, "But
  why did you come here this late at night wearing not even a single thread of
  clothes? Where's your vehicle? And what happened to her... to Sandy's tits?
  Those bruises look several days old, from a rather vicious beating. Not to
  mention the fact that both of you look and smell like you've been swimming
  in a sewer. What's been going on?"  
Sandy struggled again for words, and found none. She began seething with
  anger toward herself, and tears formed in her eyes from the frustration born
  of a desire to answer for herself, as asked, and not being able to.  
"Please, Mistress Carla," continued Grace, "Let me answer for her. Sandy
  is inexperienced with your craft, and she may feel a bit overwhelmed right
  now. May I answer for her, please?" The Mistress kept her gaze on Sandy's quivering
  body, but nodded her consent. "Thank you, Mistress Carla. I met Sandy when
  we both spent the night in a garbage dumpster outside that motel in Indiana.
  We were both in the same state. We did not even a have change of clothes. I
  had only a few other items with me. The next day, most of what we were wearing
  fell apart in the rain, and we were left naked in the open, with no way to
  find anything to wear." The woman's face flushed with surprise, and she turned
  again to Grace, who continued.  
"We've been moving overland to get to you, Mistress Grace, on foot, wearing
  nothing but our shoes because we had no choice.. We've been avoiding any populated
  areas, and keeping in the woods for almost the entire way. Our shoes finally
  fell apart around sunset this evening, about a mile east of here. That's why
  we are totally naked before you now. We have nothing, and no place to go, Mistress
  Carla."  
The robed blond woman seemed almost shocked by what she had just heard. "Naked,
  walking overland for over three hundred miles?" she said, "But... but how did
  you get across the ... Never mind. There will be time for all that later." She
  turned back to Sandy, though she still spoke to Grace. "You say you've been
  together since Indiana. I would guess then that you did that to her tits, didn't
  you, Grace?"  
"Yes, Ma'am," said the older girl, "We were alone in a barn a few nights
  ago. We wanted to fuck, and she asked me to beat her tits for her. She did
  ask, Mistress Carla."  
"I believe you, Grace," answered the blonde Mistress, "From the look of those
  bruises, it must have been a very intense experience. That's good. It means
  your friend has a very high tolerance for pain." She stepped up in front of
  Sandy, and gazed down into the naked, kneeling girls adoring eyes.  
"So... Sandy," said the Mistress, her voice slow and musical, "My friend
  Grace has explained to you about who and what I am. Yes?"  
Again, Sandy could only grope for wards, and again Grace piped up to intervene. "Please,
  Mistress Ca..."  
"I asked her!" barked the blonde Mistress. Her voice sounded stinging...
  irresistibly commanding, but there was no anger in it. She looked deep into
  the kneeling brunette's eyes. "Speak!" she commanded.  
Sandy felt herself trembling before the power of the woman, and it made her
  heavily bruised titties jiggle, sending more waves of sweet pain flowing through
  her, exciting her. Feeling somewhat comforted by the woman's easy manner, as
  well as motivated by the powerful voice, Sandy searched deeper for words, and
  finally found them.  
"M... Mistress Carla..." the younger girl stammered out, "Everything Grace
  said to you is true. I have nothing, not even clothes, and no where to go if
  I leave here. And yes, I did ask her to beat my tits with a flat strip of wood.
  She told me about you the first night we were together, sharing that dumpster
  to get out of the rain. That's why I am here now, kneeling before you to ask
  for your mercy and accept me as a sex slave... to accept us both, Mistress
  Carla."  
The Mistress did not break her gaze, but nodded her head in understanding. "I
  see," she said at last, "And about the tit beating... Did you enjoy it?"  
"Oh yes," said the kneeling brunette teen girl, "It was wonderful. I... we...
  Grace and I did it as part of the sex we enjoyed that night. I loved it. I
  am hoping I might enjoy such an experience again soon."  
"How interesting," said the Mistress, and she smiled softly at Sandy. The
  expression filled the brunette girl with a warm glow that felt almost akin
  to love.  
Mistress Carla then turned away from the two kneeling naked girls, rubbed
  her head as she walked toward the porch door, then turned back around and replaced
  her hands in her pockets. "I must tell you," she said, "I recently lost my
  last slave girl to an attack by a swarm of bees a month ago. They stung her
  to death." Sandy shuddered, imagining such a death in her mind, then quickly
  pushing it aside. Grace did not move, but just continued to look up at the
  Mistress. "I am still in mourning over that," the powerful blonde woman continued, "I
  have not yet had time to consider the possibility of even one sex slave for
  my home, much less two. I know you, Grace. And you, Sandy, I believe from our
  chat here tonight that you have the capacity to be a sex slave, so I must confess
  you are a possibility." She sighed heavily, lifting up her chest, which looked
  to Sandy like it carried a large heavy load titflesh. "I cannot tonight give
  either of you a yes or a no. This is a heavy, important decision I must make,
  and I will have to think about it overnight, and consider my options, and their
  ramifications. As for you two... for tonight... well, I suppose I must do something
  with you. Eyes down. Wait here, and don't move."  
Immediately the two kneeling girls returned their gazes to the floor. The
  Mistress turned, opened the door, and slipped back inside.  
Though she stayed physically quiet and still, Sandy's mind boiled and churned
  with imagined possibilities and consequences. For a moment, the chance for
  a meal seemed within reach, but she knew she must not give in to such a hope,
  or to ask for such a mercy. It was too soon, even though her empty tummy churned
  and twisted inside of her, raging to be satisfied. Grace stood kneeling only
  a few feet to her left, silent and unmoving, almost like a statue.  
After a few minutes, the door opened again, and the Mistress emerged. This
  time Sandy saw some tight jeans and worn cowboy boots, but nothing above the
  knee.  
Without saying a word, the Mistress went behind the sluts. Sandy heard a
  rustling noise followed by a click. A moment later, she felt strong, graceful
  hands grabbing her wrists behind her. In a flash, Sandy felt the cold touch
  of steel on her wrists, then another click. She breathed heavily, knowing that
  the Mistress had just cuffed her hands behind her back... and Grace's as well.  
A hand grabbed her dripping, tangled hair and jerked her head back, causing
  Sandy to gasp in surprise. Her mouth opened for only a moment, and she felt
  a soft round object being forced between her teeth. It tasted of rubber. And
  something hung off the sides out of her mouth. She felt those pulled tight
  back around behind her head, then hooked together. Thus gagged, with the ball
  in her mouth, Sandy knew she could not cry out. Then suddenly the light vanished
  as blindfold was slipped over her head to cover her eyes. Then the hands departed
  from her, and the kneeling slut trembled. In the space of only a few seconds,
  she had gone from being obedient to being chained... bound with handcuffs,
  blindfolded, and gagged with the rubbery ball in her mouth. She wasn't sure
  if this was what she had imagined at all, but now it was too late. She was
  utterly at Mistress Carla's mercy. She was sure Grace was in an identical situation
  a few feet to her left, though she could not see it... only imagine it.  
The brunette girl sensed movement, and heard the heavy steps of the Mistress
  boots on the planks. Then suddenly a wave of pain seared into her left tit
  from her nipple. She gasped at the brutal suddenness of the assault, and knew
  that the Mistress and seized and was twisting on her sore nipple, pulling it
  upward with determined force. She heard a gasping murmur from Grace's direction,
  and thought the Mistress must be tormenting their nipples simultaneously.  
"On your feet!" said Mistress Carla's voice, this time bold and overwhelming,
  compelling obedience almost by the force of her voice alone. Trembling with
  pain and confusion, Sandy felt she had no choice but to obey that voice. With
  a groan and a whimper, she twisted her legs around under her as best she could,
  and stumbled slowly to her feet. She wanted to scream as the upward pull on
  her tender nipple increased, viciously stretching her already sore young titmeat.
  She knew by the sounds about her that she and Grace were sharing this moment
  with the Mistress.  
At last on her feet, with slender thighs weak from hunger, Sandy stood shaking
  and undeniably a little fearful.  
The Mistress either did not notice or did not care. She just yanked and pulled
  on the sensitive nipple, maneuvering Sandy around by her tit over the planks
  of the porch.  
"Step down!" the Mistress commanded, and pulled on Sandy's nipple again.
  The whimpering, blindfolded brunette didn't know what else to do. She put her
  right foot forward. It found nothing. She lowered her bar foot more, and it
  found the step. The pulling on her nipple increased, accompanied by a low giggle.
  The Mistress was laughing at them as she manhandled the two bound and blindfolded
  young girls down the steps by their nipples. A couple more steps and Sandy's
  feet sank again into the wet grass. Cool drops of rain resumed falling on her
  vulnerable and weak body. A thousand sensations and visions and unknown terrors
  streamed through her mind, and she almost broke down to cry. Still, she struggled
  to stand up straight... to not try to escape the Mistress' attentions,  
It occurred to Sandy suddenly that this was how it should be. More than anything
  else, for herself at least, she need someone to take care of her and help her.
  If she expected this beautiful, powerful Mistress to do that for her, she would
  have to be willing to accept anything Mistress Carla wished to use her for,
  even if it was just to torment Sandy's helpless body just to entertain herself.
  At least this treatment had a purpose, she guessed, else why did she go into
  the house?  
"Follow!" commanded Mistress Carla, and she pulled cruelly on Sandy's delicate
  nipple. Groans to her left told her that something similar was happening to
  her friend Grace.  
Responding to the pulling, Sandy took a short step forward. The pulling continued,
  so she stepped again. Within a few moments, she felt like she was being taken
  through the steady rainfall to some sort of destination... and she was being
  led there, cuffed, gagged and blindfolded, through the rain in the middle of
  the night... pulled along by her tit!  
This was far beyond anything she had imagined. She felt so small and helpless
  and humiliated. But it was too late. She could neither run nor see where she
  was going. All she could do was follow wherever Mistress Carla took her searing
  nipple.  
For several long minutes, Sandy felt herself being guided around over the
  grass led by her nipple at the hands of Mistress Carla. The harsh, degrading
  treatment of her body and mind made her feel deeply ashamed of her self. She
  wished that she were an insect that could at least be stepped on and squashed
  out of it's misery. Still, as degrading as it was and as tiny and worthless
  as it made here feel, it was STILL better than the treatment she got from her
  foster parents back east. If only for that reason, Sandy knew, she had taken
  a step up in her life by coming to Mistress Carla.  
Finally, Sandy felt the drops of rain stop falling on her naked body, and
  her feet stepped onto a hard, smooth surface that she guessed must be cured
  concrete. Without warning, the Mistress released her nipple, and Sandy welcomed
  the tiny bit of relief as blood flow returned to the stiff little sensitive
  tit crown.  
"Stay there, Sandy!" commanded the Mistress strong, dominating voice.  
Sandy found that an easy command to obey. Bound, blindfold and unable to
  talk, all she could do was wait... and listen.  
She first heard a shuffle of boots and sensed some sort of uncontrolled movement
  combined with low grunts and whimpers that sounded like Grace's voice. Then
  there was a rustling of some sort of sheeting a few yards in front of her.
  More shuffling, groaning and whining, then a clatter of metal on metal that
  lasted for only a few seconds, then a clanging door.  
For a few seconds after that... nothing. Sandy couldn't even sense her companion
  Grace anywhere close to her. A new kind of emotion filled her... much like
  fear, but also like anticipation. She wanted desperately to know where she
  was and what was happening. The anticipation part came from knowing she would
  soon find out.  
Without warning, strong hands seized Sandy's arms from the back, jerking
  her around as if deliberately thrashing her like a rag doll. She whimpered
  and whined behind her gag as she was pulled one way, then another, then another.
  The constant movement kept her from getting her feet under her to stand. With
  no strength due to lack of nourishment for so many days, she completely helpless
  and miserable and without recourse to resist the degrading treatment. She wept
  behind the blindfold, thinking she must look much like a nasty rag doll as
  she flopped around from the almost constant jerking on her arms.  
As quickly as it began, the jerking and thrashing of her helpless body stopped,
  and Sandy was able again to stand on her feet. She heard a creaking noise,
  then a metallic clang, then suddenly the hands grabbed her again, pulling her
  around and forcing her to bend over. She felt herself stumble against some
  sort of metal grid, then the hands twisted her around, forced her head down,
  and finally threw her heavily to the ground, where she landed on a smooth cold
  surface that felt like plates steel. The force of the tumble rolled her over
  into a fetal position, leaning against a grid that bit into her back. Then
  another creaking, followed by a very loud 'CLANG!' that quickly faded before
  a dull rattling. Then all was silent.  
Strange emotions poured into Sandy's head as she leaned against the grid.
  She felt a churning mixture of fear, excitement, a bit of anger, anxiety, and
  a host of others she could not name. So intense was this storm of feelings
  that she knew she could never have resisted it if she was strong and healthy.
  This whirlwind of emotions flared into her sensitive parts, tickling and throbbing
  into her warm, needy pussy, tight asshole and bouncing ass cheeks, and especially
  her swollen battered titmeat. He aroma of her hot cunt honey filled the air
  around her, and she felt if flow down over her thigh until it pooled on the
  metal floor under her. She had no choice but to lay in it and whimper.  
"Grace! Sandy!" called the Mistress voice from some yards away, The voice
  sliced it's way past the slim girl's emotional whirlwind, and she perked at
  it to listen. "In case you have not guessed, I've put you in individual cages
  in one of my buildings. You will remain in there for tonight just as you are.
  I am going to bed to sleep on your proposal. I promise I will consider it well
  and fairly, and have an answer for you in the morning. Good night."  
Footsteps resonated through the air, quickly fading. Then all was silent
  and still around the slender brunette girl, but for the constant patter of
  rain, and an occasional shuffle or whimper from a few yards away that Sandy
  was sure must be Grace.  
All she could do, for now, was lay on the cool steel floor of the cage, curled
  up with her arms bound behind her, unable to see or speak. Unsure to herself
  why, the girl sobbed and wept behind the ball gage. But after long minutes,
  the raging emotions in her slowed and stopped, though still warm, and she began
  to feel calmer again. She could no longer resist her weakness and exhaustion,
  so she surrendered to sleep easily. Her last thought, before passing into the
  blackness of slumber was a sense of comfort knowing that an answer to her plea
  to the Mistress... the beautiful, goddess-like Mistress with the shining blue
  eyes... was promised to her in the morning.  
* * * * * * * * * *  
Sandy wasn't sure what awakened her. As she became aware that she was conscious,
  she nearly panicked because she still couldn't see. Then the rough feel of
  the metal grate on her back reminded her that she was curled up on the bottom
  of a small cage, and the previous evening's memories came back to her. Blindfolded...
  gagged... hands cuffed behind her back. Her stomach twisted again, scolding
  her for being so neglectful to keep it filled.  
From somewhere far beyond her cage, she heard a voice talking. It sounded
  too distant to make out any words, but she could tell it was the voice she
  remembered from last night... Mistress Carla. Birds sang somewhere close, and
  she felt a swirl of cool air at her feet. The building she was in must have
  an open door... still open. She couldn't remember hearing a door close last
  night when the Mistress departed after putting the two girls, herself and Grace,
  in these cages.  
Grace! Where was Grace? She couldn't hear any sign of the other girl. She
  felt herself needing desperately to hear her friend's voice, or at least a
  rattling of the other cage... just to know she was okay.  
After some time... she couldn't tell how long... the voice vanished. The
  only other sign of life was an occasional twitter of a bird from beyond cage.  
A sound of footsteps approached, then she heard and felt a rattling of the
  cage around her, and she started shivering, unsure what to expect. Then suddenly
  a strong hand, soft and smooth but with sharp fingernails, grabbed her arm
  and jerked her up almost to her knees. She groaned at the handling of her,
  and almost began to panic again. But she felt much too weak to resist, and
  tried to follow the pulling though she had no way to know what was happening
  to her.  
The hand pulled her out of the cage, and another hand grabbed her other arm.
  The two roughly jerked and pulled her several feet from the cage before they
  forced her down almost to the point that she fell over.  
"Kneel, Sandy!" Mistress Carla's voice.  
The two hands held Sandy's arms tightly as the trembling girl clumsily pulled
  her weakened legs up under her and bend them so that she knelt on the smooth
  concrete floor with her knees wide apart. The hands then let go of her arms,
  and she felt something being fondled at the back of her head. A moment later,
  the straps of the ball gag in her mouth fell loose. Fingers reached between
  her lips, seized the ball, and jerked it out of her mouth. Sandy felt a small
  pool of drool pour out over her lower lip, and spill onto her chest, dribbling
  on her boobs. She gasped at the sudden flow of air into her mouth, and her
  jaws ached from being held open so wide the entire night. It hurt to move her
  mouth.  
A moment later, she felt one of the hands grab the back of her neck, then
  the other pressed against her empty tummy. Then she was suddenly shoved over,
  bent at the waist, over her knees so that was curled up almost into a ball,
  her face aimed down toward the floor.  
Sandy almost began weeping again, but then she smelled something close to
  her nose. It was a sweet, buttery smell, familiar... though she couldn't remember
  from where.  
"Eat!" said Mistress Carla's strong voice.  
Sandy knew she wanted to, but she hesitated a moment, still confused by what
  was happening to her. Then she felt a hand on the back of her head. I shoved
  down hard on her, forcing her down face first into some sort of thick, slightly
  grainy stuff. The smell suddenly became very strong, and whatever it was oozed
  around her face. A bit of it leaked in between her lips. She tasted it, then
  remembered. Oatmeal! It had to be oatmeal! Sweet, buttery oatmeal... with brown
  sugar and a hint of cinnamon!  
"I said eat!" Mistress Carla again, sounding a little more commanding and
  forceful, her hand still on the back of Sandy's head. But the naked and bound
  girl needed no further coercion. She opened her sore jaws, and sucked a mouthful
  of the warm cereal into her mouth. It tasted wonderful, sweet and filling.
  She wanted to use her hands, but it didn't matter. She was eating again...
  a real meal for the first time in weeks. She sucked it down greedily, ravenously,
  gobbling the delicious and gooey porridge like an animal. Her stomach celebrated
  and calmed with every mouthful. Lumps of it stuck to her face, but she didn't
  care. It seemed to be a large bowl, filled full. And it felt good... tasted
  good... and the more she ate, the more it made her feel good. The ache in her
  boobs vanished, and the hardships of her journey faded from her memory. And
  though she became dimly aware that the hand had left her head and there was
  movement around her, she ignored that too. She didn't even care that she was
  eating from a bowl on the floor. All that mattered was the bowl of delicious,
  buttery, sweet and cinnamony oatmeal. Her fear disappeared, and she felt a
  hint of real comfort outside of Grace's touch for the first time in her memory.  
At last her lips touched the bottom of the wide, deep plastic bowl. She smiled
  as she began licking the remaining blobs of oatmeal from the sides and bottom
  of the bowl. She felt big, sticky lumps clinging to her face, and she reached
  as far as she could with her tongue to lick as much as possible from around
  her lips.  
Just as Sandy began to believe that she would not be able to get another
  speck of the cereal into her mouth, she felt the Mistress' grab a handful of
  her stringy, tangled hair and jerk her up straight. With another odd pull,
  the hand pulled her head back roughly. Though she felt a tiny bit stronger,
  Sandy didn't resist... she didn't want to. Her tummy felt almost full for the
  first time in a very long time.  
"Open your mouth wide!" commanded the Mistress.  
Sandy obeyed, not sure what was happening. She waited with her mouth open,
  the hand in her hair making sure she faced upward.  
A moment later, the girl felt a liquid being poured into her mouth. She recognized
  the taste, and it excited her. Milk! Sweet, fresh and wholesome milk! Even
  as the Mistress commanded her to "Drink!" she began swallowing. It tasted different
  but no less delicious than the oatmeal, and it cooled her throat, quenching
  her thirst.  
The flow into her mouth increased, and she could swallow it fast enough.
  The milk spilled out of her mouth and dribbled down her body... over her tits,
  down her full tummy, then it slithered down over her clit and pussy lips where
  it dripped from her. Still she swallowed, gulping the wonderful milk as fast
  as she could. It even felt good to be kneeling naked with the excess flow spilling
  down over her body. It even felt arousing, though in a degrading sort of way.
  But that didn't matter. It filled her tummy just that much more, and for the
  first time in a long time, she felt well fed and satisfied.  
The flow of milk eventually slowed and stopped. Sandy swallowed the last
  mouthful, and licked her lips with relish, feeling the cool liquid sticking
  to her body and dripping from her nipples. The hand let go of her hair, and
  she knelt there, reeling in the delight of the moment, enjoying her full tummy...
  the full tummy that the Mistress had given her. The strong woman did have a
  kind streak after all, Sandy thought, and felt grateful for being fed, even
  though it was in a way she had never considered decent before.  
"Thank you, M...." she began.  
"Don't talk!" commanded the Mistress from several feet away. Sandy shut her
  mouth, and waited, letting the nourishment from her meal surge through her
  weakened body. Already, she felt much better and stronger.  
She felt the Mistress' strong hands on her again, lifting her up. "On your
  feet!" came the commanding, musical voice. Sandy obeyed, and allowed the hands
  to steady her as she squirmed to pull her feet under her and push up until
  she stood straight. She breathed heavily, feeling slender dribbles of the cool
  milk slither down the insides of her thighs.  
The Mistress suddenly began pushing her forward, and she stumbled, trying
  to keep up with the force of the strong hands. "Move!" came the command, though
  it was really unneeded. Sandy felt much comforted and stronger after her meal,
  and knew she couldn't resist anyway, and shouldn't even if she could, and wouldn't
  either, because she didn't want to. It began to dawn on her, as the Mistress
  pushed her off the concrete surface and began guiding her over the damp grass
  outside, that she actually wanted very much to obey... to let Mistress Carla...
  with the angelic, steely blue eyes... command her.  
She didn't know where she was being taken, but really didn't care. Even though
  she was naked, bound, blindfolded and dripping with goo from her breakfast,
  it all felt good. She felt a warmth flow into her skin... the sun, she guessed,
  as they were apparently outside... and the cool morning air swirled around
  her. She ambled along through the grass almost in a dreamy haze... letting
  the Mistress push her along, going wherever the Mistress wanted her to go.  
She felt her feet step onto a hard surface, like smooth concrete, though
  this floor, if that's what it was, felt very wet with cool water. The hands
  held her fast. "Stop!" came the command. Sandy halted obediently, her feet
  firmly under her as she stood on the flat surface.  
She felt the hands leave her arms, then grab her wrists, pulling her backwards
  so that she almost stumbled, and maneuver her backward a step to her right.
  Then she felt a shuffling behind her and a manipulation of her cuffed hands.
  A gave her cuffs a tiny jerk, and she knew that they had been fastened to something.
  She shuffled her feet to keep her balance, and the backs of her legs touched
  something round and rough. Whatever it was, she decided, the Mistress must
  have bound her cuffs to it to secure her.  
"Stand still!"  
The Mistress command was easy to obey. Sandy knew she couldn't go anywhere.
  Though she stood on a wet concrete surface, she still felt the warm rays of
  the sun on her skin. Feeling almost comfortable with her situation. She waited,
  sensing Mistress Carla moving around her, and listing to a close, sloshing
  sound.  
Suddenly, something squishy and wet, soaked with water, slopped against her
  chest, and began moving over her body. Another familiar smell came to her nostrils...
  soap. Mistress Carla was washing her, apparently with a large, grainy sponge
  of some kind. She smiled, and remained still to allow it to continue.  
The Mistress scrubbed the naked and bound girl all over, soaping her heavily
  from neck to feet and pushing the sponge into every crevice of the girl's body.
  It felt wonderful to Sandy, and she smiled contentedly as she felt the grime
  being washed and scrubbed from her arms, legs, back and tits. The Mistress
  even pushed the soapy sponge between the girl's legs to wash her cunt area...
  then down the crack of her ass.  
"I am going to take the blindfold off now, girl," said the Mistress as the
  scrubbing halted, "you will keep your eyes shut tightly. I don't want you to
  get soap in your eyes."  
"Yes, Mistress Carla," answered Sandy, then she felt a sharp sting on her
  cheek as her face was slapped with some force. The blow didn't really hurt
  that much, but it surprised her, and she gasped.  
"Don't talk!" the Mistress commanded, and Sandy remained silent, keeping
  her eyes closed tightly as the blindfold was removed. A moment later, she felt
  a soapy cloth pressed against her face, washing away the grime around her eyes.
  It felt wonderful, and she remained as still as she could as the Mistress cleaned
  her face and neck, washed carefully around her ears and mouth. It continued
  for several minutes, and she smiled, reveling in feeling clean again.  
It didn't stop there. After the Mistress finished with her face, Sandy felt
  warm water poured onto her head, forcing her to breathe through her mouth.
  Then a cool, thick fluid soaked into her hair, and she smelled a perfumed,
  soapy odor. As the Mistress began rubbing her fingers into her hair, Sandy
  realized that her hair was being shampooed. She smiled widely as the Mistress
  fingers massaged and scrubbed all her head, manipulating and loosening the
  wet tangles of light brown hair. The girl obediently kept her eyes shut, and
  felt excess blobs of the thick foamy shampoo flow down over her face and neck.
  The shampoo seemed to go on for some time, and the Mistress' fingers gently
  straightened the tangles without tearing Sandy's hair.  
Eventually, that ended as well. Sandy heard a slight squeaking. Then a steady
  flow of warm water splashed against her body. "Stay still," said the Mistress.
  Sandy obeyed, feeling thick stream of water, apparently from a hose, move quickly
  over her body, rinsing the soap off of her. She felt the flow move to her head,
  and a hand sloshed it through her hair, rinsing away the shampoo. It rinse
  only took a minute or two, the Sandy felt the gentle flow stop with a repeat
  of the slight squeaking. She stood there, bound and dripping wet with her eyes
  closed tightly, but feeling much stronger, well fed and actually clean.  
"Open your mouth," commanded the Mistress, and Sandy obeyed. A gentle spray
  of liquid covered the inside of her mouth, and she smelled and tasted mint. "Wash
  that around in your mouth," said the Mistress, and Sandy obeyed readily, enjoying
  the taste and feeling her breath being freshened by the light aroma of mint.  
After a few seconds, the girl felt a wide, soft and thick towel pressed against
  her body, and it began patting her all over. She enjoyed the feel, and stood
  very still while the Mistress dried her body. She even lifted her limbs as
  much as she could so Mistress Carla could dry her armpits, her pussy mound,
  and between her ass cheeks. Then the cloth covered her head, rubbing and absorbing
  the excess water from her hair.  
Sandy felt amazed, getting so much of this kind of attention from someone
  she just met. It moved her deeply, even more so because she was so utterly
  helpless and vulnerable. But, then again, this might be exactly what Grace
  had been talking about. In fact, the only thing that bothered her, as Mistress
  Carla pulled the towel away from her hair, was that she didn't know where her
  friend was.  
"Keep your eyes closed," the Mistress commanded, "and stay still." Sandy
  felt Mistress Carla's voice was much calmer now, though no less commanding
  and forceful, as if the Mistress were addressing a child who needed easy instruction.
  She heard a switch flipped, followed by a loud whirring of a small electric
  motor. A few seconds later, she felt very warm air being blown toward her head
  and the breeze moved around through her hair. She was sure it was a blow drier...
  a suspicion confirmed when she felt something almost solid touch her hair,
  and begin stroking downward with the drier stream. She stay as still as she
  could, eyes closed tightly and without uttering a sound, as the Mistress brushed
  and dried her soft brown hair. In minutes, Sandy felt single strands of hair
  blown about her face. Mistress Carla switched off the drier, and Sandy felt
  the woman continue to brush her hair. A few minutes of that, and the girl could
  feel her locks, much cleaner and softer now, fall in delicate waves about her
  neck and shoulders.  
The bath session was over, Sandy thought, and then she felt the Mistress
  manipulating the cuffs behind her. In a moment, she was free of the post, though
  her hands were still securely bound behind her back. She sensed the woman moving
  around to her front, then gasped as both of her nipples were suddenly pinched
  and pulled by strong fingers. The pulling became harsher, stretching her tits.  
"Follow!" the Mistress ordered, and Sandy knew the woman intended to lead
  her somewhere by her tits, just like she did last night. But this time, it
  seemed less alien, so she followed, letting herself be led in whatever direction
  her tender little pink nipples were pulled, still keeping her eyes obediently
  closed.  
The Mistress led her out onto the grass again, still outside, because Sandy
  felt the warm sunshine continue to caress her shoulders, back, and ass cheeks.
  It didn't matter to her where she was going. At this point, she felt she could
  trust Mistress Carla more than anyone else in the world. And the idea... the
  real situation she was in... it all felt so delightfully spicy.. even kinky!
  She could feel her pussy warming and leaking drops of her hot cunt honey that
  tickled the inside of her thighs.  
After some time, she felt another solid concrete surface under her feet. "Stop!" said
  the Mistress, and Sandy halted in her tracks. "Remain silent, and keep your
  eyes closed." Those words sounded like they were spoken in another direction,
  though she thought it best to go ahead and obey them.  
A moment later, Sandy felt a hand on the back of her neck and another on
  her hip. The hand on her neck pushed forward while down while the other held
  firm against her. "Bend over," said the Mistress, "and spread your legs!" Sandy
  easily complied, steadied by the hands on her body. She found herself bent
  low at the waist while her she held her legs straight and spread. Air swirled
  around her pussy and, she noticed, her asshole. She wasn't sure what to think
  at this point, but whatever it was, the Mistress apparently had a good reason.  
As she held herself steady, she felt the Mistress apply a cool, slippery
  substance to her asshole, rubbing it around and pushing it in a bit. Then,
  something solid and wet touched the hole, and began pushing against it. "Relax
  your asshole, Sandy," the Mistress demanded, and the girl complied as best
  she could, feeling she knew what Mistress Carla wanted to do.  
Now this seemed almost unnatural, thought Sandy, and very odd. As much as
  she and Grace fucked on their journey, at least the older girl could be seen.
  Now Sandy was being required to bend over and surrender her asshole to a woman
  she could not see and had only met the night before. But, again, Mistress Carla
  had been so good to her this morning, it wouldn't be right to reject it. Even
  more so, since she had come here to ask to become a sex slave.  
The pressure against Sandy's tight little hole increased, and then she felt
  her asshole begin to stretch. Whatever it was... probably some kind of sex
  toy like the dildo she stole from that farmhouse... it was thick and smooth.
  She relaxed her tight back door as much as she could. It helped. The pressure
  against the invader increased, and the full tip of it forced it's way into
  her. The pain of being stretched so wide vanished as the object slid quickly
  and deeply up her ass. She sighed, trying to keep her mouth from emitting a
  sound. Still, she felt so good... so full and content, that she couldn't help
  feeling the tingling in her steamy twat become a powerful throbbing. It was
  so strong she felt it in her sensitive titties. Even though there was nothing
  in her cunt, she wanted... craved... even desperately needed to cum.  
But nothing touched her cunt, and that left her frustrated and needy. She
  wanted to cry out and beg Mistress Carla to stimulate her pussy, but that would
  be wrong. The Mistress knew what she was doing, and hand good reason for whatever
  she did. Just trust her, Sandy thought... just trust her.  
In a moment, with the object buried deeply in her ass flesh, Sandy felt a
  hand on her back near her ass, and a firm strike of a soft hand behind each
  knee. It didn't hurt, but it was enough force to cause her knees to bend.  
"Kneel!" said the Mistress, and Sandy obeyed, bending her knees further to
  lower them to the floor, guided by the Mistress hands. Once she rested on her
  knees, Mistress Carla then took her by her shoulders and pulled her up straight. "Arch
  your back," she said, "Tits forward!" The girl obeyed, and she felt... knew...
  that she was now in the exact same position the Mistress found her and Grace
  in last night on the porch. She sensed movement around her, and maybe a soft
  breathing just a few feet away, but she couldn't tell what was happening. So,
  she waited, kneeling with her hands cuffed behind her back, blindfolded, and
  her ass stuffed so delightfully full. Only now she was also clean and fed.
  It all felt so right and natural. The girl almost felt like any other way to
  feel would be a violation of the laws of nature. And that made sense, because
  here it was She... Mistress Carla... with the steel-blue eyes and the sweet,
  musical voice that could not be disobeyed... SHE was the one who made the law
  here.  
Presently, she sensed movement in front of her some feet away, then heard
  the voice again. "Open your eyes and look at me!" it demanded. Sandy did so.  
The first thing that appeared to her was a tall, curvy, magnificently beautiful
  woman dressed only in tall, shiny leather boots... raised high on stiletto
  heels. Her only other garment was a thick leather belt around her waist with
  a heavy silver buckle and a line of round studs. Sleek, strong naked thighs
  supported wide, gently curving hips, and were slightly parted to reveal a sparsely-furred
  pussy cleft that accentuated rather than obscured the glistening cunt lips.
  Further up the creature's body, Sandy saw a two huge, round, firm-yet-soft
  globes of smooth, alabaster titmeat. The beautiful boobs had pinkish brown
  silver dollar sized nipples with thick, slightly darker tips.  
Then, Sandy looked higher, and beheld the lovely face and mane of hair...
  the gently curved lips... round eyebrows... and finally the shining, piercing
  steel-blue eyes. So beautiful was the Mistress' body and face... so heavenly
  and perfect... Sandy could not help feeling... what? She couldn't name her
  feelings. Her head spun with sensations and emotions. All the girl knew was
  that Mistress Carla possessed the most desirable female body she had ever set
  eyes upon. The Mistress looked so magnificent... so absolutely beautiful and
  powerful and goddess-like... that Sandy felt tears form in her eyes and trail
  slowly down her cheeks. She felt surely that she was falling in love with Mistress
  Carla.  
After several moments, the Mistress stirred, standing straight and tall,
  holding a long slender object with a flared tip... a riding crop like Sandy
  had seen used on horses in races on television. The Mistress gazed down at
  her, then to her right. Sandy glanced the same direction, and saw in the edge
  of her vision another kneeling, naked girl; her friend Grace. Like herself,
  Grace was kneeling with her hands behind her back, probably cuffed. She, too,
  was clean and washed from head to toe, and her pale, pinkish skin shined in
  the bright sunlight.  
Sandy smiled, but knew she must keep her attention in it's proper place,
  so she looked up again to the Mistress, adoring her with her eyes.  
"Last night," began Mistress Carla, her voice calm and deliberate as she
  stood above them holding the crop with both hands, "I answered my door to find
  two filthy, dirty little darling girls kneeling on my porch, and they... you
  two... begged me to take you in and make you my slaves. I wasn't sure I wanted
  to believe your story because it sounded so improbable. But I never reject
  anyone out of hand, so I decided to keep you for the night, and consider your
  request.  
"At first, I wanted to reject you because I have recently lost a slave I
  loved very much, and my heart is still grieving for her. However, I found myself
  wanting to know more. So I went out last night with a flashlight, about a mile
  east of here and looked around."  
The Mistress looked at them with a mixture of hard certainty and tender compassion,
  and continued. "I found four small canvas shoes, all so worn and fragile they
  could never be worn again. I also found, hidden among the trees, a small canvas
  bag with a strip of wood in it... and a very intriguing toy. And yes, Sandy,
  that toy... the dildo that was in the bag... is now the one in your ass. Your
  sister has one of my butt plugs in hers." She smiled, and both kneeling girls
  glanced at each other, then giggled a bit before returning their attention
  quickly to Mistress Carla, who continued.  
"I found nothing else. No clothes, vehicle, pocketbook or money... just nothing.
  As unimaginable as it is, those shoes and bag convinced me that your story
  is true. So after I came back, I spent most of the night pondering. In all
  honesty, I am not sure I am ready to take on another slave, much less two;
  one of whom I had never seen before last night. But though I wanted to say
  no, and tried to think up any possible reason to say no... and trust me, there
  are many legitimate reasons to reject your request... one fact could not be
  denied. You two made a journey of hundreds of miles entirely naked and vulnerable,
  with nothing except each other, enduring hardships I could not fathom, just
  to come and kneel on my porch. Compared to that, any reason I could think of
  to send you on your way just seemed weak and insignificant."  
As the woman spoke, Sandy became aware of a kind of passion in her voice,
  a truth and deliberate self-knowledge, that only deepened her desire... her
  love... yes, indeed, it WAS love... for the angelic and powerful woman. Mistress
  Carla not only controlled her and Grace. She also, and just as completely,
  commanded and controlled herself.  
"So, as I promised, I have made my decision. I will grant your request, and
  accept you as my slaves... my sex slaves... into my home. But... and you need
  to know this... I am a demanding and strict Mistress. If I want something of
  you, I will not ask for it, I will command it, and you will obey regardless
  of cost to yourself. You can leave this place any time you like, but if you
  go, you leave the very same way you arrived; naked and with nothing. If I ever
  decide that you are unworthy, unsuitable, or unable to serve me, I will put
  you from my home, and you will leave the same way you arrived; naked, alone,
  and with nothing.  
"But, if you are willing to serve me as completely as you are able, with
  your heart, mind, body and soul... to please me and keep me happy, become my
  owned property and become what I mold you to be for my own needs, then I can
  make you a promise. I, as your Mistress, will fulfill all your physical and
  emotional needs. You will never want for food or shelter, though you will never
  have need of clothes. If you ever need medical care, you will get it. And if
  you, as my slaves, can worship me and love me as your Mistress and goddess,
  then you can be assured, for the rest of your lives, that all the love I have
  in me is there for you... for both of you.  
"Becoming a slave in my home is a contract, Grace and Sandy, between myself
  and you, and we must all abide by its terms. I expect it of you, and you can
  expect it of me."  
She paused, and stood up straighter, holding herself high and powerful above
  the two kneeling girls. Sandy felt so small before this powerful, magnificently
  beautiful woman. But she felt no fear any more... just a deep, burning desire
  to serve and obey her.  
"You both now know the extent of our arrangement, and how completely you,
  and I, must be committed to it. This is your last chance, here and now, to
  back out."  
The Mistress took a step toward Sandy's friend, and glared down at the kneeling,
  dark-haired naked girl.  
"Grace," she said, "do you desire in your heart of hearts to become my slave?
  To adore and worship me as your goddess? To love and obey me, and strive with
  all your strength and spirit to fill my life with pleasure and joy, surrendering
  all that is you and yours to me, and to accept in return my care, support,
  and love? If so, say 'Yes, Mistress.'"  
Sandy glanced at her friend, and saw her smile. "Yes, Mistress," came the
  reply. The very sound of the words filled Sandy's heart even more with joy.
  She felt glad, and very proud of her friend.  
Mistress Carla smiled down at Grace, and then stepped in front of Sandy.
  The brown-haired girl could only smile and weep, already deeply happy. The
  Mistress gazed down at her, the bright, fiery eyes... eyes the color of polished
  steel... piercing and burning their way into her body to enslave her already
  surrendered soul. "Sandy," she said, "you and I have known each other less
  than a day, so answer carefully, but answer now. Do you desire in your heart
  of hearts to become my slave? To adore and worship me as your goddess? To love
  and obey me, and strive with all your strength and spirit to fill my life with
  pleasure and joy, surrendering all that is you and yours to me, and to accept
  in return my care, support, and love? If so, say 'Yes, Mistress.'"  
Sandy felt her heart leap with joy as it became Mistress Carla's possession.
  The girl smiled up at the woman. How could she answer anything but... "Yes,
  Mistress!"  
The Mistress eyes softened, and Sandy watched her smile. Then the woman turned,
  walked out of the brown-haired girl's view for a moment, then returned carrying
  two strips of what appeared to be studded black leather in her hands. She bent
  over Grace, and slipped on of the strips around her neck. As the Mistress locked
  it with a tiny padlock through a silver loop, Sandy realized it was a collar...
  leather slave's collar. And Grace looked even more beautiful and complete wearing
  it.  
Mistress Carla then moved to Sandy, and slipped the other collar around the
  girl's neck, locking it in place just as she did the other one. Sandy smiled,
  deeply grateful for the gift. She thrilled at the Mistress touch, and wanted
  more than anything to reach out to her, to touch her, to adore and worship
  her... like a slave adores and worships her Misters.  
"These collars," said the Mistress, "are not garments. They are symbols...
  reminders to you, and to me, of the contract we have made here today. They
  mean that you are my slaves, my owned property, to do with as I wish for my
  own needs. And as long as you wear them, you will never want for anything else." She
  then took a small key from a latch on her belt, and removed the cuffs from
  each girl's wrists, and tossed them back somewhere behind them. Sandy thought,
  from the sound, that they landed on some sort of table. Then Mistress Carla
  straightened up again, and stepped back about ten feet from the kneeling girls. "Now," she
  said, almost solemnly, "Who am I?" she demanded, her voice surging with irresistible
  power and authority.  
Almost in perfect unison, the two girls answered, but each only for herself. "You
  are my Mistress."  
"Who are you?"  
Again, each girl answered only for herself. "I am your slave, Mistress."  
Sandy felt a thunder of contentment and joy pour into her, through her, burning
  the truth into her so perfectly that she believed it to be the only real truth
  she had ever known or would ever need again. She... like Grace beside her...
  was a slave... a sex slave... to this woman, the majestic and divinely beautiful
  Mistress... their Mistress... Mistress Carla.  
Having heard their answers, the Mistress smiled at the two girls, and spread
  her legs a little wider, exposing her beautiful cunt even more to Sandy's view. "Slave
  Sandy! Slave Grace! Hear my command and obey! Crawl to your Mistress and worship
  her by kissing her feet!"  
It was complete. The Mistress called them slaves... HER slaves. And now,
  as Mistress Carla's slaves, the two naked, kneeling slave girls leaned forward
  onto their hands and knees, and quickly crawled to the Mistress booted feet.
  Weeping deeply now, tears of joy fell from Sandy's eyes to anoint her Mistress'
  boots. Beside her, Sandy heard Grace whimpering, also overcome with joy. Together,
  they lowered their faces and pressed their lips to Mistress Carla's shiny boots.
  They kissed and licked the leather lovingly and sweetly, surrendering themselves
  with utter finality to their Mistress.  
Mistress Carla lowered the crop in her hand, and began tracing aimless designs
  over each slave girl's naked back. "That's it, little slaves... my sweet little
  darlings. Worship your Mistress with you lips and tongues!" Even as she increased
  the intensity of her devotions, slave Sandy heard a swish cut through the air,
  then a loud 'Whap!' Beside her, Grace yelped in pain as the crop struck her
  back, but the girl only kissed and licked the Mistress boot with greater devotion
  and passion.  
Another swish... 'Whack!' Sandy felt the sting of the crop on her left ass
  cheek, and she to cried out in surprise. But as much as it hurt, the brown-haired
  slave girl could only feel gratitude for the kiss of the crop... because it
  came from her Mistress.  
She and Grace continued to worship their Mistress' feet, pouring their love
  and devotion into her with every tender kiss and wet lick. Sandy felt so fulfilled
  and content... naked, kneeling on the floor with her asshole stuffed to overflowing,
  and her friend... her sister... Grace... next to her while they surrendered
  themselves to Mistress Carla. That love and devotion burned back into them
  with every kiss and sting from the Mistress crop.  
And as she kissed and licked the leather, Sandy... slave Sandy... knew that
  she had found what she craved and needed all her life. She was, like her dark
  haired sister next to her, a slave... a sex slave to beautiful, powerful Mistress
  Carla. The strokes of the crop burned on her back and ass cheeks, and she welcomed
  every sting. She knew that it was out of love... a love that the three of them
  now shared. They had become a family, HER family. She loved her sister, slave
  Grace, and knew Grace loved her... and she knew that Mistress Carla loved them
  both. Sandy knew it, because she felt it. She was a slave because she felt
  it... felt it... happy... truly and deeply happy... because she felt loved.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robin Lane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





