BDSM Library - Beware of Laundry Rooms




Beware of Laundry Rooms
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Missy goes into a laundry room looking for panties, and comes away with more than he could ever imagine.I love the early mornings on the weekends at camp. All of the counselors
  are still fast asleep in their beds, enjoying being able to sleep in on their
  days off. The birds are out singing, and the camp is completely quiet. Well,
  almost quiet because I am out indulging in one of my favorite pastimes, snooping
  through the laundry room. During nine months out of the year I am a closet
  sissy, enjoying the wonderful feel of satin underneath my everyday clothes.
  I have a pretty decent collection of toys ranging from handcuffs, blindfolds,
  gags, butt plugs, and nipple clamps to bras, skirts, and pantyhose. But what
  I am most proud of is my collection of panties. My collection started a long
  time ago with stealing panties from my mom and sister, and has continued in
  stealing panties from apartment laundry rooms and from female friends when
  they are not looking. Also, one of my favorite ways of getting panties is by
  buying them in the store, and a store I have fallen in love with is Victoria's
  Secret. The salesgirls there can spot a sissy a mile away, and their knowing
  look and smile are so incredibly humiliating as I bring up satin thongs and
  bikinis up to the checkout counter. In other words, it's absolutely wonderful.
  For obvious reasons I leave all of that behind me when the summer begins as
  I work at camp. Well, for the most part anyway, because I have made these early
  morning laundry room trips quite the regular event over the past couple of
  years, hoping that the female staff has left their laundry there overnight.
  Most of the time I just look and touch, but every once in a while I just can't
  help myself, so I take a pair of panties and wear them for the weekend before
  stashing them away.  
So here I am in the laundry room. Now for the most part this summer I haven't
  had any luck because there hasn't been much of anything left behind, which
  is a shame because there are several real beauties working here this summer.
  But my luck is changing because sitting on the dryer is a laundry basket I
  have seen before being carried around by Alison (not only a former high school
  cheerleader, but also a cheerleading coach). I look through the basket, only
  finding shirts and a couple pairs of jeans. But as I open up the dryer I hit
  the jackpot. Now, I thought that with being a cheerleader and all Alison would
  have some pretty sexy panties, but all I saw were plain old navy cotton panties.
  I was becoming disappointed until I ran across something that caught my eye,
  a white satin Victoria's Secret thong. Not only is it a sexy panty, but I also
  actually owned this exact panty! As I was rubbing the soft material and completely
  mesmerized by this pair of panties, someone started to open the door. Now I'm
  not sure what the smart thing to do was, probably not to be in the laundry
  room in the first place, but I was completely frozen in place as Emily walked
  into the room. Now Emily is another knockout (and like Alison she is a former
  high school cheerleader and current cheer coach, which make for an instant
  friendship between the two when they first met at the beginning of the summer),
  and as she looked at me as I was kneeling down in front of the dryer with Alison's
  thong in my hand a huge grin came across her face. As I was frozen in place
  there was a flash, and I looked back toward the door where Alison stood with
  a Polaroid camera in her hand. She turned to Emily and said that she would
  see us later, and out the door she went.  
Emily turned to me and said "It looks like we finally caught our very own
  Sissy. Follow me, I've got something to show you." I stand up and follow her
  out the door and into the room next door. Emily walks over to the TV, and hits
  play on the VCR while telling me that I'll find this interesting. That was
  an understatement as I saw myself on the TV, shopping at a local adult bookstore,
  browsing through the female domination videos. That scene cut away to be replaced
  with me looking through the BDSM equipment, selecting a couple pairs of nipple
  clamps and a pair of handcuffs. That scene cuts away and now I'm looking in
  the sex toy section, choosing a medium sized dildo off the shelf with a gazed
  look in my eye. Again the scene changes, and now I'm in the lingerie section
  holding a black satin crotch-less panty in my hand, and as I bend over to put
  it away and pick the same panty up in pink, my shirt comes up and anyone could
  clearly see that I am wearing a very sexy pink thong. In fact, a beautiful
  sales lady walks by behind me, and as she glances down and notices the thong
  a huge smile comes over her face. The final scene shows me buying my purchases
  from that same sales girl, with the girl slowly ringing up my items, savoring
  the humiliation that it's causing me.  
The tape finally fades away, with Emily ejecting the tape. "That sales lady
  who works in the store is my older sister. From time to time she'll have a
  sissy like you come into the store, and she enjoys embarrassing the crap out
  of them. At the end of the day she makes a copy of all the good stuff off of
  the surveillance camera. Every once in a while when I go visit her at her place
  she'll put a tape in the VCR and show me a best of the best tape as we laugh
  our heads off at the sissy's humiliation. Imagine my surprise when last weekend
  the tape showed a sissy that I knew! I just couldn't pass up the chance to
  make this little sissy mine. So I got together with Alison and formed a plan.
  So now you have two choices Mike. Choice one is that you meet us in the girls
  bathroom in ten minutes prepared to be punished for being a sissy pervert.
  Or choice two is that we can take the video, along with the story of how we
  caught you in the laundry room with a thong in your hand with picture proof
  to the director, where you'll have to answer some very embarrassing questions
  and more than likely be sent on your way. It's your choice, but if you show
  up to the bathroom bring that thong that is in your hand, and be wearing these
  before you enter." She tossed me a small bag, and then walked out. With trembling
  hands I opened the bag to find a blindfold and a penis gag. I knew that I really
  didn't have a choice, but I couldn't figure out whether this was some sort
  of nightmare scenario, or if my ultimate fantasy was going to come true. And
  if that was the case, did I have any idea what I was getting myself into.  
Having made up my mind I walked out the door and headed toward the girls
  bathroom, Alison's Victoria's Secret thong in one hand and the bag I was given
  in the other. My thoughts wandered as I walked, and so when I got to the door
  it took me a little bit by surprise. I reached up to push the door open, then
  lowered my hand again when I remembered the bag and it's contents. I opened
  the bag once again, and took out the gag first. I have several gags of my own,
  but a penis gag is one that I don't have. But after experiencing the humiliation
  of putting a penis gag in my mouth it might be something that I might need
  to look into. After I strap the gag behind my head I reach in and take the
  blindfold out. As I remove the blindfold I see two tiny additional items in
  the bag&hellip;two small padlocks. I feel behind my head and sure enough there's
  a tiny hole to put the padlock through. I grab a padlock, and once again with
  a trembling hand I put the padlock through and lock it, knowing that the only
  way it's coming off is if the girls decide to take it off. Facing the door
  I put the blindfold on and lock that in place also, and then walk through the
  door still clinging to Alison's thong in my hand.  
I step inside the door, but go no further seeing as I can't see. Someone
  grabs my hand and walks me further into the room, and I hear Alison tell me
  that I was five minutes late and I would be punished for that, and then she
  let go of my hand taking her thong with her and told me to strip. I began taking
  my clothes off very slowly when I received a swat on my butt and told to hurry
  it along. I got down to my underwear and then hesitated. One of the girls came
  up behind me and yanked my underwear to the floor, and then they both started
  laughing like crazy. "No wonder he goes sneaking around in panties, all he
  has is a little clit for a penis. Ok Mike, or should I say Sissy Missy, you
  were five minutes late, and you hesitated in taking your clothes off. I think
  that you need to learn a little bit of discipline", Emily said. I then felt
  a collar going around my neck, and a leash being attached. Someone grabbed
  the leash, and I was led until I was laying over someone's lap. Turns out it
  was Alison's lap, because she said that she was really going to enjoy this.
  She then began rubbing my butt, which was really starting to turn me on. Unfortunately
  it didn't last long as she let loose with her hand turning my backside a rosy
  pink. I couldn't take it anymore, so I reached behind me with my hand. Emily
  said that we can't have that happening, so she grabbed my hands and handcuffed
  them in front of me. I wondered where they got all of these sex toys, but I
  didn't wonder for very long because Alison started in on my ass again. It wasn't
  too much longer before I was blubbering in tears, and I would have been begging
  for it to stop if it weren't for the penis currently in my mouth. Alison finally
  stopped, pushing me off of her lap.  
One of the girls grabs a hold of my leash and pulls me to my feet. I get
  one harder slap on the ass as Emily whispers in my ear that if I don't cooperate
  I would find myself over her knee, and it wouldn't be a bare ass spanking next
  time, it would be a lot worse. I think to myself how much worse it could possibly
  be when I hear a swish before my ass is on fire once again. "Just a little
  taste of the riding crop for motivation. Now if you're good then we won't have
  to use it again," Alison said. With that one of the girls pulled me to another
  part of the room. I hear the shower going, and then the girls start rubbing
  me down from my neck to my toes. All of the rubbing feels really good, and
  it doesn't take long before I get hard. The girls notice right away and begin
  playing with my sissy clit, but just as I was about to cum they stop. It wasn't
  until I stopped that I noticed that whatever they had put on me was now starting
  to burn all over my body. I was pushed into the shower and rubbed down once
  again before being grabbed out of the shower and dried off. Alison unlocks
  my handcuffs as she tells me that I had better be good or they go right back
  on. I feel my arms and legs to confirm my suspicions; I had no body hair anywhere
  below my neck. I had always wanted to shave my body, but had never had the
  guts. I guess that decision was taken away from me.  
I was pulled by my leash once again, and was wondering what was going to
  happen next. Emily says, "Now that we have all of that nasty body hair gone
  it's time for the next step Missy". I feel someone playing with my right nipple
  getting it very excited, followed by a very sharp pain and a lot of weight
  added to my chest. Then my left nipple was played with, with the exact same
  pain and weight following it. "You've got a very nice pair of breasts Missy,
  and it makes me want to play with them," Alison says. "Let me show you how
  they work. These breast forms allow you to feel everything you would normally
  feel. If you rub your breast forms like this (wow, that felt good), then it
  really feels good. But if you pinch both nipples really hard like this (ouch!!!)
  well, I think you get the idea." Alison continued to play with my breasts,
  which was really starting to turn me on. I jumped a little bit when I felt
  lips go around my very excited little guy, experiencing my very first blow
  job, and in no time at all I was about ready to cum. The girls could tell this
  also because just when I though I was going to get a little release they stopped
  playing with me. I was crying now with frustration, blubbering like a little
  baby for the second time. I hear the girls laughing at my frustration as I
  feel something being slid over my excited penis, and then my little guy is
  bent back up underneath me and tucked in between my legs. When they let it
  go it just stays there, and I am wondering what the heck they are doing to
  my body.  
"Ok Missy, we are done with step two, now it's time to get you dressed," Emily
  says. "Now don't fight us or we'll have to use the crop on you again, and we
  know how much you just love the riding crop. Now raise your foot." I raised
  one foot and felt something slip up my leg a little. "Now raise the other foot".
  I raised the other one and felt something slip up my other leg. Then they pulled
  it all the way up until I had an instant wedgie. Finally it hit me, I was wearing
  Alison's thong that I had been admiring in the laundry room just a short time
  ago. Like I said before I have the same thong back home, so I knew how it felt
  to be wearing it, only this time it felt a little bit different. I couldn't
  feel it against my little guy. I didn't have much time to think about it as
  I was told to step once again, and something else was raised up my legs and
  fastened in place around my waist, my guess was a skirt. Alison then said, "We
  are going to take your handcuffs off now, but if you put up any kind of trouble
  then&hellip;(ouch&hellip;my nipples)". I quickly nod in agreement of my cooperation,
  and I feel the handcuffs come off. The girls grab my arms and put them through
  something that they slip over my head and down around my new found breasts,
  a bra of some kind. Then they repeat the process to put on some sort of vest.  
Emily says, "I think it's time for Sissy Missy to see her new attire." They
  grabbed my leash one more time and let me over to the other side of the room.
  They positioned me facing a direction, and then someone unlocked the padlock
  to my blindfold. They took the blindfold off and it took my eyes a little bit
  to adjust. I was finally going to be able to see what they had been doing to
  me, and as my eyes finally adjusted the image that greeted me in the mirror
  was&hellip;..a cheerleader?!? They had me dressed up like a cheerleader! I
  looked in the mirror up and down my body, and not only was I dressed as a cheerleader,
  other than my face I was a really cute cheerleader. The uniform hugged my curves
  (I had curves!?) in all of the right places. I brought my hands up to feel
  my new breasts, and they felt wonderful (both to the touch and to the feel).
  I heard giggles behind me, and I remembered that I wasn't alone and was very
  embarrassed. I looked in the mirror behind me and saw Emily and Alison in their
  bikinis laughing their heads off, but I also saw that Alison had a video cameral
  in her hand&hellip;.they had been taping the entire time!! Emily walks over
  to me and says, "There's one more feature that you should see." She lifted
  up my skirt, and because I knew they had somehow tucked my cock up underneath
  me I wasn't surprised to see a lack of bulging in the panties. But I was absolutely
  shocked with what I saw when she pulled down my (Alison's) thong. I did a double
  take, because what I saw very much looked like a&hellip;"Yep, that's right
  Sissy Missy, you have a pussy of your very own, and it's yours to keep for
  a little while. Alison and I coated it with a permanent glue, so it won't be
  coming off for a month or two when your dead skin comes off. Don't worry, you
  can still perform all of your bodily functions, you'll just have to sit down
  to pee for a while. Oh, and one of the best features about this particular
  model is this." I watched, still in shock, as Emily grabs a dildo off of the
  bathroom counter, sticking it in her mouth to get it wet (despite the shock
  I was getting a little turned on watching this beautiful former cheerleader
  sucking on a dildo), and then moving it toward my new pussy. The first couple
  of inches that go in I don't feel anything at all, but then I feel immense
  pleasure as the dildo rubs up against my trapped cock. I can't help but let
  out a moan, which causes the girls to giggle. "Now Missy, I hope that you noticed
  that it takes a little bit of length to be able to reach where your sissy clit
  is, and you won't be able to reach it with your fingers. Now if you are good
  the rest of the day I might just give you this dildo, otherwise you might need
  to get creative in getting yourself off for the next couple of months." All
  of this I take in a distracted haze as Emily continues to move the dildo in
  and out of my pussy. Just as I'm about to cum Emily takes the dildo completely
  out, and once again I'm left frustrated, with the girls laughing at my humiliation.  
They pull me over to a chair, and Alison takes the penis gag out of my mouth. "It's
  time to finish the transformation, our little Sissy. Now sit still while we
  make up your face", Alison says. As Emily begins to put makeup on my face Alison
  grabs a digital camera and takes pictures. To further my embarrassment Emily
  explains each step as she puts on foundation, blush, eyeliner, and lipstick.
  She made sure to tell me that the lipstick she was putting on me was called
  'fuck me red'. When she was all done she grabbed a bag and pulled a golden
  blonde wig out. She fixed it to the top of my head and then looked my head
  over one more time to make sure everything was perfect. Emily grabbed my leash
  and led me over to the bathroom mirror one more time. I don't know what I was
  expecting, but it wasn't the sight that I saw. Looking me back in the mirror
  was a beautiful high school cheerleader, and my jaw hits the floor. I just
  can't help staring at my face in the mirror. I never thought that I would even
  be able to pass as a woman, but the girls have turned me into a teenage babe!
  Emily turns me around by pulling my leash, and Alison is taking more pictures
  while the video camera is recording on the tripod.  
Emily grabs three robes, tossing one to Alison and putting one on herself.
  Then she comes over to me and puts the last one around me. "We are going to
  head back to my room Sissy," Emily says, "and don't give me that terrified
  look. If we come across anyone we know I'll just tell them that you are one
  of my cheer girls from the squad I coach, up for the weekend visiting me. Now
  come along our little sissy." Knowing that I don't have much of a choice in
  the matter (and wondering if I even wanted a choice) I followed my two beautiful
  Mistresses out the door of the bathroom and down the hall to their room. As
  Alison closes the door behind us, Emily takes my robe off and takes a free
  swat at my ass. That thong sure does leave a girl's butt vulnerable. "Ok little
  sissy, we're going to slip you into something a little more comfortable. Go
  ahead and slip that cheerleading uniform off, including underwear." As I begin
  I realize that I'm stripping my clothes off for the second time today. Pretty
  soon I am completely naked, and I just can't help admiring my new breasts.
  They just look so real. Emily pinching my nipples hard quickly brought me back
  to reality (ow, that really hurts!). Alison then holds up a very cute French
  maid costume, which the two girls work on getting me into. When it's all the
  way on me I notice that my nipples are sticking out two holes in the top of
  the uniform. I also notice that it just barely comes down below my ass&hellip;it's
  really short. Alison hands me a black lacey thong, which I quickly put on and
  pull up into place. After two black silky gloves are pulled into place the
  outfit is complete. Alison makes sure to take more pictures with both the digital
  and Polaroid cameras, and when the Polaroid picture develops Alison comes over
  and shows me. I look like such a teenage slut, and I really wish that I could
  touch my little guy because I'm incredibly turned on.  
Emily says, "Ok Sissy Missy, here's the deal. Alison and I have plans for
  the rest of the afternoon with our boyfriends. But you don't have to worry,
  because we already made plans for you. You are going to be kept in our room,
  but you will definitely be entertained." Alison grabs my leash and leads me
  over to her bed and has me lay back on it. I noticed for the first time as
  they were being put on me that there were four leather cuffs attached to the
  four corners of the bed, which the girls quickly buckled and locked on my ankles
  and wrists. I thought for a second that I might just be able to take a nap
  all afternoon. That thought quickly vanished when I saw the two huge smiles
  on Alison and Emily's faces. Dangling from Alison's hand was a nasty pair of
  nipple clamps. I remembering thinking that it was weird that my nipples were
  sticking through the French maid costume, but that's no longer the case. Alison
  walks over, and places a nipple clamp on my right nipple (wow does that hurt),
  and then on the left one (yikes!). As I'm getting used to the nipple clamp
  (ok, so I'm whining and complaining), Emily comes over with two large and very
  realistic looking dildos. She hands one to Alison, and then tells me to suck
  on the other one. Alison lifts my skirt up and pulls my thong down. She then
  licks the dildo up and down before taking it and filling my brand new pussy.
  I feel nothing the first few inches, and then it rubs the thin material against
  my little guy, and I can't help but let out a moan. As Alison slips the dildo
  fully into place Emily grabs the dildo that I have been sucking and takes Alison's
  place in between my legs. My eyes get huge, as I know where that second dildo
  is going. "Ok sissy, you had better relax or this is going to really hurt",
  Alison says. I feel the tip of the dildo against my rear, and wonder how I
  am going to be able to take this monster up my ass. Alison grabs the dildo
  in my pussy and very slowly starts pulling it in and out of my hole. Just when
  I'm about ready to finally have some release Emily shoves the dildo into my
  ass all the way to the hilt. Yet again I'm denied being able to cum, and I
  feel like I'll go insane if this keeps up much longer. Alison pulls my thong
  back into place and gives my nipple clamps a playful tug before getting up
  off the bed.  
Emily grabs a blanket and tosses it over my head. Alison says, "Emily and
  I need to get changed for our dates, but we're not quite ready for you to see
  us in all of our glory just yet. Be patient our little sissy, and we will give
  you a little treat before we leave for the afternoon." For the next few minutes
  I hear the girls moving back and forth across the room. Whenever one of the
  girls would walk by the bed they would give the nipple clamps a nice pull,
  causing my nipples to throb. Finally they were done, and they removed the blanket
  from over my head. The girls were definitely dressed to kill. Alison was wearing
  a white blouse that showed a lot of cleavage, and a matching white pleated
  skirt that came to about mid thigh. Not quite as short as a cheerleading skirt,
  but it was close. Emily had on the same outfit, only hers was a nice looking
  pink. Alison stands over me and says, "We are taking off, but we did promise
  you a treat for being a good sissy." Emily walks over to the bed and lifts
  my head up while Alison goes over to the laundry basket and grabs a pair of
  panties. "Open wide Missy," Alison says, and as I do I prepare for the panties
  to be stuffed in my mouth. Instead Emily shoves a ring gag in my mouth and
  buckles it at the back of my head. Alison then pulls the panty over my head,
  making sure that the crotch is directly over my nose. I thought they were done,
  but then Emily reaches between my legs one more time and plays with the dildo
  in my new pussy. I hear a click and the fake cock comes alive with a very small
  vibration. It's not anywhere near enough to get me off, but it's going to keep
  me very turned on. Emily continues her reach, continuing between my legs and
  between my butt cheeks, and with another loud click that dildo also comes alive,
  but this time it's very strong vibration that I feel from my head to my toes,
  but especially against my prostate. I barely notice as Emily smoothes my French
  maid skirt, covering my thong once again. Emily says, "Well sissy, we will
  see you tonight. Don't have too much fun without us. Oh, and we are locking
  the door so that no uninvited guests come by for a visit." The girls giggled
  as they walked out the door, but I barely noticed as my sexual tension was
  reaching an all time high. I try bucking my hips trying to get the dildo in
  my pussy to move even a little bit, because that would be all it would take
  to get off. But I groaned in frustration when I realized that it was a hopeless
  cause. I was stuck here for the next few hours, and there was nothing I could
  do about it but just lay there and wait for my mistresses to come home.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





