BDSM Library - The Trap




The Trap
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: William receives obedience lessons from Ms. Caroline Tanaka, a gorgeous Asian woman hired to entrap him.  He soon winds up on the business end of her strap-on.Sexual And Bdsm Content. Not To Be Read By Minors, By People Who Are Offended
  By Such Material, Or By People Who Live In Jurisdictions Which Prohibit Such
  Material.  
No Republication Or Links Without Prior Approval.  
The Trap  
 William Soames nursed his beer while simultaneously keeping his eye both
  on the Japanese clients (Mr. Sato and Mr. Watanabe) he was entertaining, and
  on the lithe strippers performing on the stage of the Gentleman's Club they
  had requested being taken to during their latest visit to America. Little did
  William suspect that the Japanese clients were watching him in a much closer
  and more purposeful way. They were unobtrusively watching to see which of the
  dancers caused him to look more intently, to get a little more flushed in the
  face, to exhibit the body language of the aroused. They watched to see what
  would be the key attractors. Would it be breast size, hair color, race, type
  of costume, demeanor? When the eleventh dancer took the stage they had their
  answer.  
 The eleventh dancer took the stage dressed to kill, or at least to maim.
  She was dressed in black leather from her halter top and matching bra to her
  mini skirt to her spike-heeled boots. Her prop was a whip which she cracked
  with a gleam in her eye and as she stripped to the insistent beat of the blaring
  techno dance music she maintained her illusion of dominance using bold, aggressive
  movements and by glaring at the half-seen crowd of drunken men. It was only
  an illusion of dominance because dancer number eleven was no real Domme, but
  merely one of the more talented 'hookers with a whip' that make money off of
  popular male fetishes. However, the response her appearance and manner evoked
  in William gave the Japanese executives exactly the information they were looking
  for. And they had on retainer just the sort of woman to carry out their plan
  perfectly.  
 The next night was the Japanese visitors last night in town, but they begged
  off the planned farewell dinner at the fancy French restaurant claiming colds
  and had an alternate suggestion.  
 "Please, William, if, instead of us, you take our junior associate to dinner.
  She is quite lovely and convivial and you will enjoy her company," said Mr.
  Sato over the phone.  
 Mr. Sato then made elaborate apologies for being unable to attend himself,
  praised the mutual fund company William worked for, and, lastly, said Ms. Caroline
  Tanaka would pick William up at his residence the next night at eight sharp.  
 The next evening as William waited on the sidewalk in front of his townhouse,
  he idly thought about his usual cares and concerns, about career prospects,
  bills, marital problems, and the recent results of his favorite sports teams.
  His reverie was broken as he looked up and saw a breath-taking sight, Ms. Tanaka
  pulling up in a late model convertible. William gazed at her jet black hair,
  gorgeous face partly hidden by designer sunglasses, and slim but shapely body
  in black pants suit.  
 In the car and at the restaurant Caroline charmed William. He learned that
  she spent her early life in Japan, but had been sent by her parents to boarding
  school in Switzerland for high school, and then to college at Wellesley in
  the States. On her own after graduation, she decided to stay in the US to seek
  her fortune and two years ago had completed her MBA at the University of Chicago.
  Now she was ready to achieve, as she put it during desert and after-dinner
  cognac, World Domination.  
 Glowing from the cognac, the previous Pinot Noir, the sumptuous meal, and
  the subtle way Ms. Tanaka had been feeding his ego during the entire evening,
  William fantasized about taking her to a hotel on the way home and making mad
  love. He figured he could probably get away with it as his wife never waited
  up for him when he was entertaining business clients, so getting back at even
  3am was not likely to be a problem. He wasn't sure the Japanese lovely would
  go along with it. Sure she had acted interested during dinner, but that could
  have been just an attempt to charm him in the interest of good corporate relations.
  While William ineptly mulled over whether and how to make his move, Caroline
  Tanaka made hers.  
 While insisting on paying the check with her corporate Amex, Ms. Tanaka
  gave William her most ravishing smile and said, "You know, it would really
  be a shame to let such an enchanting evening end so quickly. My company keeps
  a co-op apartment downtown that has a spectacular view. I'd really love to
  show it to you tonight. The senior executives wanted to stay at a hotel this
  time, so lucky me got the penthouse ... and I'd love to share my good fortune."  
 William gasped inwardly, but hoped he managed to look casual as he tried
  to digest his sudden good fortune. He also tried to keep his cool as Caroline
  drove him to the co-op's garage, took him upstairs in a private elevator, and
  ushered him into the luxurious corporate suite.  
 "Make yourself at home," said Caroline kicking off her pumps. She motioned
  for William to join her on the couch and when he did, playfully loosened his
  tie for him, her breast lightly brushing his arm for an instant as she leaned
  forward.  
 His previous thoughts, Caroline's beauty and intelligence, and now her nearness,
  the subtle scent of her perfume and her smile were the tinder, and now the
  touch of her tit was the match. William was enflamed. He leaned forward to
  kiss her and, while not responding passionately, she didn't push him away.
  William's erection grew and felt good pressing against her through their clothes,
  as he pushed himself forward, pushing Caroline down on the couch.  
 "Okay, William, that's enough," said Caroline from underneath as she managed
  to get her lips away from his for a moment.  
 William was pretty good at taking no for an answer and not pressing unwanted
  affection on women. But Caroline's 'no' didn't sound firm; it sounded more
  like the kind of 'no' some women said when then wanted the man to do a little
  urging before they succumbed to his advances. Besides, William had been so
  sure she wanted him &ndash; why else invite him, a married man, to the corporate
  penthouse, and say 'make yourself at home' and look at him in that alluring
  way? It's not easy to change directions mentally so quickly with an alcohol
  befogged brain.  
 So William paused a moment to show Caroline that her comment registered
  with him and then resumed kissing her, but more lightly and on her cheek and
  ear and neck, pausing occasionally to gauge her response.  
 "No. No. No. No. No." said Caroline, but more as a dreamy murmur than as
  a true negative.  
 Judging that Caroline's body language was saying yes more strongly than
  her voice was saying no, William unbuttoned the top buttons of her pants suit
  and raised himself a little higher to slip his hand inside and down to her
  lace bra and its desirable contents.  
 "No. No. No." gently murmured Caroline as he slipped his hand inside, then
  suddenly "NO!" as William's hand reached her breast, and grabbing his waist
  for leverage she quickly slammed her knee into his balls.  
 William howled with pain, feeling as if an explosion had just occurred in
  his brain. Without knowing what he was doing, he rolled off the couch onto
  the floor and lay there panting, clutching his groin.  
 Coming more to his senses in a few moments he looked upward and saw Caroline
  standing above him looking down at him disdainfully.  
 "What the fuck were you trying to pull?!" she screamed at him, "You, you
  ... RAPIST!"  
 No, this can't be happening, William thought, everything was going so well
  and now suddenly he seemed in deep trouble without any advance warning.  
 "I ought to call the cops! You belong in jail! When I tell Mr. Sato that
  you tried to rape me, I don't know what he'll do. He thinks of me almost as
  a daughter. At the very least, he'll want to pull the account."  
 "I'm ... I'm sor-ry," stuttered William, completely freaked out. "Look,
  it was just miscommunication. I thought I was just doing what you wanted me
  to. Please, no hard feelings. Don't get me in trouble. I'll be happy to go.
  I wouldn't hurt you."  
 "Just doing what I wanted you to do?!" I wanted to get raped?!" responded
  Caroline incredulously.  
 "But you invited me here. You were seeming receptive."  
 "NO is receptive in your language is it?! What was it I kept saying to you?"  
 "You were saying 'no' Caroline, but &ndash;"  
 "Right! I was saying 'NO'. At least you're honest enough to admit that.
  Well, let me think of what I should do. I hate to let you completely off the
  hook. You'll be a menace to other women. But I did kind of like you. I don't
  want to have to prosecute or make you lose your job."  
 Caroline paused, as if considering, and William watched her fearfully, feeling
  as if his life was in her hands. Suddenly she brightened, as if having an inspiration.  
 "I know. I'll put you through a re-education exercise. Then you'll understand
  how wrong male aggression is and it will be safe to let you go without insisting
  on punishment. Is it a deal?"  
 William decided that whatever the exercise was, it was sure to be better
  than prosecution, even if he were found innocent, or the embarrassment of employment
  review, even if he managed to keep his job. He assented.  
 "Okay. Good. First let me see if there is anything around this apartment
  I can use. You, um, you get up on your knees. That will show contrition and
  proper attitude.  
Oh, and take off your shirt and tie."  
 Still reeling from the knee to the groin, William rose gingerly to a kneeling
  position. He removed his shirt and tie and waited while Caroline pretended
  to rummage around the co-op opening and closing drawers and closets. William's
  knees began to ache from the unaccustomed position, but Caroline was actually
  only gone for a few minutes before she came back with a length of rope. William
  started to turn to face her, but Caroline quickly pushed him back to his original
  position facing away from her and began tying his hands and then his elbows
  together, cinching tightly before making a knot.  
 She looked down at him, wearing pants but no shirt, kneeling obediently,
  and looking so bewildered and lost. He looked delicious. Mr. Sato had said
  William was naturally inclined to submission. Still, getting the initial hook
  in was always an exciting moment because one could never be quite sure how
  the prey would react.  
 "I think the first lesson should be how bad it is for men to treat women
  like meat, ogling us, feeling us up, that sort of thing. Those are the first
  few steps that lead a guy to thinking he can just rape a woman who is telling
  him to stop."  
 Nodding in agreement with her own statement, Caroline bent down to tie the
  rope around each of William's ankles leaving a very short length between them.  
 "You may stand now."  
 Caroline watched bemused as William tried to rise, impeded by his bonds.
  Then she helped give him a lift to his feet.  
 "Your first assignment is to walk. Think you can manage that? Walk away
  from me to the other side of the room. Then walk back to me. Keep doing that
  until I tell you to stop."  
 William slowly made his way across the room. His ass wiggled seductively
  as he was forced into small mincing steps by his leg bonds. As he came back
  Caroline focused on his thrust out chest and commented on it.  
 "See how your arms being tied makes your chest stick out? Having people
  stare at your chest makes you feel like an object, doesn't it? Walk away from
  me again. Now!"  
 William gave her a puzzled look and then made the slow walk back to the
  other side of the room. Again his ass was forced into a seductive wiggle.  
 "Nice butt, William. I mean it. You really do have a very cute butt." She
  couldn't see his face as she said that, but she knew he was blushing.  
 As William returned towards her again, Caroline met him halfway, blocking
  his path and moving right into his personal space. William teetered, with her
  up against him and being unable to spread his feet further apart to balance.
  Still he felt so attracted as the charismatic younger woman was so very close
  to him, their bodies almost touching at so many points.  
 "You wanted to feel me up, didn't you William? Even though we're not even
  dating. Even though you're married.  
Well? Isn't that right?"  
 William blushed again. He knew what he did hadn't been completely wrong.
  He felt quite certain she had been leading him on to some extent. But he didn't
  dare contradict her. He couldn't risk her reporting him and he needed to mollify
  her.  
 "Yes, Caroline. I know I did. I'm really sorry. Please. See, I'm doing your
  re-education exercises just like you want &ndash; to show you I want to be
  how you want. Okay?"  
 "Lesson Two: Respecting Women. To begin with, stop calling me Caroline.
  It's Ms. Tanaka for the rest of the evening."  
 "What? Oh, er, okay, yes Ms. Tanaka."  
 Caroline smiled. This was so easy. It always was when the boy had an inner
  submissive yearning to come out.  
 "So what was it you were planning to do if I'd let you play with my tits?
  Were you planning to do this?"  
 Caroline grabbed both of his nipples and pinched hard.  
William screamed from surprise as well as pain.  
 Tiny tears in his eyes, he replied, "No, Caroline, I would have been much
  gentler than that."  
 Caroline glared fiercely at him until he remembered.  
 "Oh, I mean, I mean, uh, Ms. Tanaka."  
 Caroline nodded with satisfaction as she received her due.  
 "Remember, respecting women is the second lesson, Billy, so it's important
  to always remember what I prefer to be called. Now let's get back to breasts &ndash; one
  of your favorite subjects, I bet. So, you wouldn't have pinched me like that.
  Maybe you would have wanted to kiss them and suck on them instead?"  
 Quickly, Caroline bent sideways to take one of his nipples in her mouth.
  She sucked on it so strongly that William felt more pain than pleasure, but
  he wasn't as surprised as when he was pinched, so this time he only let out
  a soft moan. As she sucked and then nibbled, Caroline's hands were also busy,
  rubbing Williams thighs and butt and crotch through the thin fabric of his
  dress pants. William was incredibly turned on by this but was also confused
  and embarrassed.  
 "So, Billy, let's see if any of this is sinking in. Which two lessons have
  we covered so far?"  
 At first William's mind went blank and he was scared. But then he was able
  to come up with something.  
 "Um. Not to treat women like meat and, ah, to treat women with respect."  
 Caroline beamed.  
 "Good boy! See? It's working. I can see you're going to be a very apt pupil
  and I won't have to get you in trouble after all. But you forgot one thing
  ..."  
 Caroline frowned.  
 William began to get nervous. He had no idea what else she wanted. He waited
  because he didn't know what else to do.  
 Caroline waited too. She waited because she wanted to make him sweat before
  saying anything.  
 "To show proper respect, which you admit is one of the lessons you are supposed
  to be learning, you should address me as Ms. Tanaka each time you talk to me."  
 She looked him carefully in the eye to make sure he properly absorbed this
  piece of information.  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. To treat women with respect and not like pieces of meat,
  Ms. Tanaka."  
 "Good boy. Now I think you might find aspects of Lesson Three enjoyable.
  For one thing, it takes place in the bedroom."  
 Caroline took William's hand and led him to the bedroom. He had trouble
  keeping up with her, hobbled as he was by the leg bindings. She led him onto
  the bed and helped pull him up the bed until he was fully resting on it, face
  up.  
 "Lesson Three is 'No means No.' I am going to kiss you and caress you as
  you lie there. Every couple of minutes you need to tell me to stop by saying
  'no'. Because I am a woman and women are civilized, of course every time you
  tell me to stop, I'll stop immediately. Even though I'll be very turned on
  by then because you are such a very cute boy. One more thing. Because you are
  male and males are basically, well, I don't mean to insult you, but males are
  basically dogs, in your instincts and behaviors, you probably won't ever feel
  like telling me to stop while I'm kissing you and caressing you. But the whole
  point of the lesson is learning that no means no, so you must tell me to stop
  every couple of minutes or else I will have to move on to a much more unpleasant
  lesson. Understand?"  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. I will tell you to stop every few minutes, Ms. Tanaka."  
 Caroline smiled triumphantly, letting William see the gleam of victory in
  her eye, flaunting it in his face. She then started paying attention to his
  body, stroking his naked torso as she laid kisses all over his face. William's
  arms were starting to cramp from being bound behind him, but he didn't care
  as he felt thrill after thrill from Caroline's incredibly skillful ministrations.  
He did remember to keep saying "No" to make her stop, even though each time
  he found the cessation unbearable and couldn't wait until she began to touch
  and kiss him again. He only wished he wasn't wearing pants so that his other
  regions could feel the awesome touch of the amazing Ms. Tanaka.  
 As if reading his mind Caroline stated, "What you really want is for me
  to pull down your pants so that all of you has a good time. Is that right?"  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. More than anything."  
 "Beg then, and I might consider it."  
 William was a bit shocked at this but lust won out quickly and he begged.  
 "Please, please, Ms. Tanaka, I beg you to remove my pants."  
 Caroline slapped him hard across the face.  
 "You call that begging? Begging is supplication. Begging is emotional. It's
  disrespectful to beg so poorly."  
 William did a more satisfactory job of begging the next time and Caroline
  relieved him of all his clothes from below the waist. He was now completely
  naked, his dong sticking up, long and hard. She stroked his legs and then kissed
  up and down them getting perilously close to his cock at times until he could
  almost feel the heat from her cheek upon it. Still, he managed to croak out
  'No' every couple of minutes and then suffer until she resumed.  
 "Very good, boy. I think you are getting it. Time for Lesson Four?"  
 William nodded quickly, thinking the lessons seemed to be going in a good
  direction. Caroline glared at him and he remembered.  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. I am ready for Lesson Four," said William, realizing that
  nodding was not enough.  
 "Here I think you are making progress. Here I think you are 'getting it'.
  But no! I don't think you actually care about learning to treat women properly.
  I think you will go back to your old ways as soon as you don't feel any danger
  of my reporting you!"  
 Jeez, she can be touchy, thought William. Quickly he mollified her and told
  her how sincerely important it was to him to learn to treat women better. He
  wouldn't ever slip back to the old ways. He was ready and eager to hear Lesson
  Four. Very receptive, he assured her.  
 "Alright then. Let's begin. Turn over."  
 With Caroline's help William turned over onto his stomach. Caroline got
  another chance to admire his butt which she squeezed affectionately and to
  admire her handiwork with the ropes binding his wrists and elbows. Truly, well-done
  rope-work creates a most artistic impression and she had been taught by one
  of the best.  
Caroline left the room and returned with a number of objects which William
  couldn't make out from his prone position. She untied his ankles and then retied
  them, this time forcing them away from each other with what turned out to be
  a spreader bar. She resumed caressing his upper legs and his ass. As she cupped
  her hand over his ass he pumped his hips almost imperceptibly in response.  
 "Mmmm. You move just like a bitch in heat. You must know what's coming next."  
 "Huh? What's coming next? What did I do?"  
 "Lesson Four: Rape is Violent, Painful, and Humiliating. This is really
  the most important lesson because it speaks directly to what you were trying
  to do to me."  
 "But, Ms. Tanaka, honestly I wasn't. If you seemed like you didn't want
  me to make love to you I would have stopped &ndash; immediately. Honest!"  
 "Really? But you didn't stop when I told you to. What did I say? Something
  like, 'William that's enough!"  
And I was trying to be polite because we were starting to be friends. And
  because we're customers of yours. And because, damn it, I'm a polite person;
  I think it's important. I must have said no to you a dozen times; make that
  two dozen. But you kept pushing on, like a dog," Caroline concluded scornfully.  
 "But you were saying 'no' so softly, so I wasn't sure if you meant it."  
 "Even when I screamed 'NO' you kept going until I kicked you in the balls.
  Boy, you're making me mad now. You're making me remember what you tried to
  do to me before. And that is one big mistake. I think I'll skip Lesson Four
  for now and move right to Lesson Five."  
 Hearing no response from the stunned boy, she continued: "Lesson Five is
  that if you misbehave you WILL be hurt."  
 Caroline exited the room and quickly returned with a cane. WHAP! With no
  delay the rattan cane came down quickly on William's body. Not used to pain
  in his rather sheltered life, William howled. WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP.  
The blows kept raining down on him with no mercy as he shrieked and cried
  and pleaded to no avail. The blows moved off of his rear and to his shoulders
  and then his thighs. He felt he truly couldn't stand another hit and then more
  came, and more yet. He'd do anything to have them stop! Finally, there was
  a pause, not a silent pause though, because it was filled with William's pitiful
  broken weeping.  
 "Should I stop? Have you learned Lesson Five?" demanded Ms. Tanaka.  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. I learned it," responded William, barely audibly.  
 "Well, boy. What is it? What is Lesson Five?"  
 "Uh. Pain hurts."  
 Ms. Tanaka couldn't help laughing. "Lesson Five is 'If you misbehave, you
  WILL be hurt.' Repeat!"  
 "If I misbehave I will be hurt, Ms. Tanaka," William parroted softly.  
 "Good. Again."  
 "If I misbehave, I WILL be hurt, Ms. Tanaka," said William, even copying
  the emphasis this time.  
 "Better. I think you are ready to go back and complete Lesson Four. That
  is, unless you think you still have much more still to learn for Lesson Five."  
 Ms. Tanaka swished the cane through the air with a grin on her face.  
 "No. No. Please not that. I couldn't take any more. Please, Ms. Tanaka,
  please teach me Lesson Four instead."  
William looked at her with such a scared look that Ms. Tanaka was gratified.  
 "Lesson Four it is, since you insist. See? I'm a kind teacher and I'm flexible
  about meeting the needs of my pupils." She gave him a saucy wink.  
 Ms. Tanaka got up and fetched the tube she'd already brought into the room.
  She squeezed out some lotion and rubbed it vigorously into her hands to heat
  it to body temperature. Then she spread it over William's shoulders, rump,
  and thighs, the cooling cream soothing some of the pain that still seared him.  
 "Sweet boy, is that better?" she cooed, and William admitted that it was.  
 Soon she stopped applying the cream to the sores and started rubbing the
  crack of his ass, lubricating it. William began to get very nervous.  
 "Is that what you plan to do? Are you going to shove something up my ass
  as a kind of rape?"  
 "William, this is what you begged me to do. Just a couple of minutes ago
  you begged, literally begged, to be taught Lesson Four. I swear, males are
  so stupid. You don't remember from one moment to the next what you say.  
A woman has to be foolish to believe any long-term promise from a man, except
  for the few honorable men like Mr. Sato and Mr. Watanabe," she remembered to
  add. "Now, be a good boy and tell me what Lesson Four is."  
 "Rape is bad, Ms. Tanaka."  
 "Rape is Violent, Painful, and Humiliating. Repeat."  
 "Rape is Violent, Painful, and Humiliating, Ms. Tanaka."  
 "Are you ready to begin, this time with the proper attitude, boy?"  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. Please, let's begin. Teach me."  
 This boy was born to be a bitch, thought Caroline Tanaka. She pulled off
  her pantsuit and returned with a leather outfit sporting a strap-on dildo eight
  inches long.  
 "Okay, slut, pick your ass up and leave it high in the air. It will be easier
  for you that way. You'd feel really torn up if you stay flat against the bed,
  though you can be sure I'd still manage to screw it into you one way or another.
  I'd tell you to spread your legs, too, but the spreader bar has already more
  than taken care of that." She snickered.  
 William complied and made a pretty picture: his ass high in the air, his
  legs spread lewdly, his wrists and elbows intricately bound, red marks from
  his savage beating still clearly evident.  
 Ms. Tanaka stopped a moment to admire her prey aesthetically. Then she pounced.
  The tip of her lubed strap-on pressed against William's anus. Poke. Poke. Poke.
  Then in it went, just the head at first, then a little more, and a little more.
  William moaned loudly. He felt like he was being split wide open. He writhed
  beneath Ms. Tanaka trying to expel the foreign object, but his movements helped
  the dildo to penetrate him further yet.  
 "Mmmm, my little bitch in heat, you certainly know how to turn me on as
  you wriggle and moan like that. What a hot little tramp you are."  
 William didn't know why, but he felt he needed to move to ease the pain
  he felt from having his ass forced open.  
 "Remember I said rape is painful, boy? Well, here is some of the pain." Saying
  this, she began pumping very fast, creating blazing friction inside William,
  pounding inside him until he thought he would burst.  
 "And here is some of the violence."  
 She grabbed his hair violently almost tearing out the roots, jerking his
  head back and placing a large hunting knife in front of his neck.  
 "No. No. Please don't kill me. I'll do anything!"  
William sobbed. His heart beat madly in his chest. Through it all he was
  aware that Ms. Tanaka was on top of him, pressing down on him, and inside him,
  fucking him.  
 "I won't kill you, love. You just need to face the violence that always
  hangs over women. Violence because of you dogs who call yourselves men."  
 She slid the sharp edge of the knife along his cheek, barely cutting it,
  leaving a tiny ribbon of blood. Then she tossed the knife off the bed.  
 William breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the lethal knife tossed away
  but his sense of relief was not longstanding. That's because Ms. Tanaka again
  began to pick up the tempo, pounding into him and biting the back of his neck.
  William whimpered. Soon the dildo was reaching his prostate and he gasped at
  the sensation. Ms. Tanaka reached under him and started to pump his cock.  
 "Don't cum. Don't cum," she whispered in his ear. Then, when he couldn't
  take it another second, "Cum, now, bitch! Cum for me. Now!"  
 And he came. He came explosively and in huge volume, more than he ever had
  before. Ms. Tanaka caught some of it in her hand and smeared it on his face.
  I thought you might enjoy a facial, she giggled to him.  
 He collapsed on the bed, completely drained, feeling both better and worse
  than he had ever felt in his life. The artificial dick was still inside him,
  not becoming any smaller or softer the way a male's dick would. Again Ms. Tanaka
  seemed to read his thoughts.  
 "Yes, slut, it always stays hard. Kind of lets you know how inferior your
  equipment is by comparison."  
 After lying on top of him for a bit, both of them still panting, Ms. Tanaka
  dismounted and walked to the side of the bed, the strap-on obscenely dangling
  before her.  
 "Now let's see. We did the Violent part. And we did the Painful part. Hmm,
  what's left? Boy? Were you paying attention?"  
 "Humiliating, Ms. Tanaka?" William ventured.  
 "Yes! I think you are turning out to be a prize pupil."  
 Saying this, Ms. Tanaka thrust her hips forward bringing the used strap-on
  against William's lips. He bared his lips to try to avoid their touching the
  dildo, but that just brought it up against his teeth. Ms. Tanaka grabbed him
  by the neck, forcing his mouth against the dildo while she pushed it forward.  
 "Open!" she commanded.  
 There seemed to be no other choice. He opened his mouth and accepted his
  violation.  
 "Clean it."  
 He obeyed. His will was gone.  
 "Now open your eyes and look at me. Show me you know who did this to you.
  Show me with your eyes how humiliated you feel that the dildo that fucked your
  ass is now in your mouth and that you know it but can't do shit about it."  
 William opened his eyes and looked up at her. His expression was pained
  but ecstatic, mournful but exalted,  
fearful but loving. Ms. Tanaka looked down on him. Another job well done
  and soon to be well paid. Not just a job, but a delight; this boy would make
  an entertaining pet, so pretty and sweet.  
 "Good. Good. I'm going to pull it out now."  
 William felt the dildo leave his mouth and didn't feel quite so much like
  gagging.  
 Ms. Tanaka smoothed William's cheek with her hand and ran her fingers through
  his hair.  
 "How do you feel, pet?" she asked.  
 "I love you," he blurted.  
The Trap, Part Two  
 The next day at work all William could think about was the overwhelming
  Ms. Caroline Tanaka. Over and over he replayed in his mind all the events of
  the previous night, how she had invited him over to her company's corporate
  suite, accused him of attempted rape, and then taught him how she thought he
  should treat women from then on. He couldn't get out of his mind the image
  of her taking him with her strap-on, but, even more, the exhilarating feeling
  of her being in such total control of him. He'd had fantasies in that direction,
  but he had been barely aware of them as they floated around in his sub-conscious.
  Now they had been liberated by last night's events and he found them overwhelming
  in their power. He couldn't be productive at work at all as his brain raced.
  Fortunately, Ms. Tanaka had instructed him to return directly after work at
  6pm. He felt he could barely wait even that long.  
 William wanted to make sure he was on time so he left work with plenty of
  time to spare and arrived at her building a half hour early. He paced around
  the block numerous times until the appointed minute upon which time he presented
  himself to the doorman and was buzzed up. He took the private elevator to the
  penthouse and rang her door. And waited. And waited some more.  
 "I know she's there or else the doorman wouldn't have sent me up when he
  checked," he mused to himself. "Well, guess I just have to stand here. I can't
  bear to go away and not see her. But why is she making me wait like this? I'm
  not used to being treated this way."  
 Caroline Tanaka, meanwhile, was on the phone with her client, Mr. Sato.  
 "Yes, he's here right now, as a matter of fact, waiting patiently just outside
  the entrance. I'm watching him on the closed circuit. He keeps shifting his
  weight from one foot to the other, but he's waiting as patiently as a dog left
  tied up outside a store while the owner buys groceries. Very cute. Nice to
  have it on tape, though not as nice as the bedroom scenes I recorded last night."  
 "Excellent work. I knew we could count on you," replied Mr. Sato. "I believe
  we could already approach William with our after-hours trading plan and get
  him to accept. But the regulators are becoming much tougher about prosecuting
  such practices, so it will be more prudent to get him to perform other work
  for us first to put him in a, shall we say, 'delicate position', as an intermediary
  step. Tell William that you want him to prepare a research report for us, giving
  his views on the direction of interest rates and their likely effect on American
  stock prices. He will do it to please you, of course, but make sure to pay
  him also. It is important for him to already have received money from us when
  we make the real approach."  
 "It is as good as done," replied Caroline before signing off.  
 Caroline made William wait an additional ten minutes after the call was
  concluded and then she answered the door.  
She opened it with a welcoming smile but then noticed that William couldn't
  keep an expression of annoyance and reproach from his face.  
 "What kind of face is that?" she reprimanded him.  
 "Well, I was on time, but you just left me wait&mdash;"  
he started to whine, but Ms. Tanaka cut him off.  
 "Don't you bark at me! I can see we'd better start Lesson Six before I even
  let you in my door."  
 William's jaw dropped. Yes, the lessons. The very thought of them made his
  cock rise in a second. He felt like he should protest that infringement on
  his dignity, but he didn't want to miss the amazing sexuality of submitting
  to the gorgeous Ms. Tanaka so he just stood there with his mouth open wanting
  to protest, without a sound issuing from his mouth.  
 "Lesson Six: Humility. Get down on your hands and knees and crawl into my
  apartment. Now."  
 "What? Get down on my knees in a hallway?"  
 Ms. Tanaka just glared. William couldn't meet her gaze and he felt his knees
  getting extremely weak. He got down on his knees and crawled after her to the
  center of the living room. The view from the floor wasn't bad. Ms. Tanaka was
  wearing a dress with a long slit up the side showing off her athletic and beautifully
  proportioned legs.  
William couldn't help leering.  
 "Well, what now?" he asked.  
 "Stay," said Ms. Tanaka.  
 She marched to the other side of the room and picked up a Wall Street Journal.
  She came back rolling it up as she walked and arriving in front of William
  whacked him hard in the nose with the rolled up paper.  
 "Part of humility is knowing your place. Knowing your place includes not
  speaking unless spoken to. Understand?"  
 "But Ms. Tanaka, shouldn't you tell me the rules before you punish me for
  violating them?"  
 WHACK. WHACK. William received two more swats to the nose, much harder than
  the first one. He had no idea a rolled up paper could hurt like that. Why don't
  dogs bite people more often in response, he wondered.  
 "Do I need to get the cane, like last night?"  
 William shook his head no and just waited shivering to see what Ms. Tanaka
  wanted next.  
 "Come," she said and walked out of the living room, down the hall, and into
  the bedroom. William trotted behind her and stopped when she did.  
 "Good boy," she said and reached down to scratch him behind the ear.  
 William responded by pressing his cheek against the side of her boot. He
  worried that she might think that too forward and hit him again, but she seemed
  okay with it, more than okay actually.  
 "Ohhh, you like my boots I see. If you like them, you must kiss them for
  me."  
 William looked up at her questioningly. Did she really mean that? She had
  spoken with a playful tone but her expression now, as William looked up at
  her breathtaking face, was completely serious.  
 William bent forward and planted a kiss on Ms. Tanaka's boot. He felt an
  electric shock go through his body, feeling the symbolism of making that gesture.
  Ms. Tanaka, however, was unimpressed.  
 "Not like that, silly," she laughed. "Lick them up and down. Make them spotless,
  doggy."  
 William was used to praise for how well he did things. We wasn't used to
  this upside-down world where nothing he did seemed to measure up. His pride
  was wounded and his competitive nature was aroused. He became determined to
  do a better job of satisfying her wishes, maybe even figuring them out and
  fulfilling them before she even had a chance to voice them. He bent forward
  and slavishly devoted himself to her boots. He lost himself in the boots and
  they became his whole universe. He licked them to a beautiful shine and he
  even enjoyed their taste and the way he could feel Ms. Tanaka's feet through
  them and actually felt a sense of loss when she commanded him to stop.  
 "That's enough, doggy. My, my, you certainly took to that task. I might
  make you my official boot cleaner &ndash; if you behave."  
 William desperately wanted to be good.  
 "You do look silly wearing clothes however. Take them off immediately. From
  now on, remove them as soon as you enter this apartment."  
 William pealed off his clothes in a hurry and threw them in a pile against
  the wall. He then returned to all fours. Ms. Tanaka slowly walked around him,
  inspecting him.  
 "Legs further apart," she commanded and he complied, feeling his member
  dangling completely exposed.  
 As she arrived at his backside she suddenly reached down and grabbed his
  testicles in her right hand. First she caressed them, making William shiver
  with delight. Then she squeezed them and he cried out and wondered how badly
  she would hurt him. Then she caught him off guard by caressing him again. Then
  another hard squeeze. William didn't know what to prepare for, pleasure or
  pain. He felt intensely vulnerable. Only Ms. Tanaka knew what would happen
  next and what happened next could be blissful or painful beyond belief. He
  was entirely in her hands and they both knew it.  
 Still grasping his testicles she queried, "Who do these belong to, boy?"  
 William knew the answer he must give. "They belong to you, Ms. Tanaka," he
  acknowledged.  
 Ms. Tanaka released his balls and put the back of her hand in front of his
  face. William knew a cue when he saw one and wanted to please her. He licked
  the back of her hand and kept licking until she pulled her hand away.  
 "You've been such a good puppy so far that I am going to reward you. I am
  going to let you worship my legs. And if you do a good job who knows how high
  I might let you go.  
Because you've already started on Lesson Seven: Use Your Tongue to Please
  Her."  
 Ms. Tanaka removed her boots, panty hose and panties.  
 "Begin."  
 William began to lick her feet. He had never done that to any woman before
  and didn't feel any attraction to feet, if anything a mild aversion. But Ms.
  Tanaka's feet were as graceful and appealing as the rest of her and William
  got a thrill out of the debasement of kissing her there.  
 "Move to the back. To my heels."  
 William kissed Ms. Tanaka's heels. He licked them; he sucked on them. He
  moved up to her ankles, kissing them lightly and tenderly, paying attention
  to how she reacted to each kiss, intuiting what would please her by her response.
  He kissed higher, feeling so excited as he moved closer to where he was dying
  to arrive. He kissed the back of her knees and paid homage to her upper legs.
  The slit in Ms. Tanaka's dress allowed him to keep moving upward, but as he
  came closer to her rear he found the top of his head blocked. As always, Ms.
  Tanaka had a solution. She hiked her dress up.  
 "Continue."  
 William kissed and licked and nibbled higher, so excited that he was about
  to reach Ms. Tanaka's rear. Then he got there! He lavished kisses all over
  her behind. It was so sleek and smooth and he loved her Asian coloration.  
He could smell her more distinctly now that he was so near her pussy and
  ass and his nose grazed her satiny skin as he kissed and kissed and kissed.  
 Having covered Ms. Tanaka's rear three times over with subservient kisses
  William looked for the next way to please her thinking that if he got her excited
  enough maybe she would let him kiss her pussy and who knew where things could
  go from there.  
 He took a long lick between the cleft of her buttocks.  
From the appreciative noise she made he knew he was on the right track. He
  licked her there again and again. Then he went to her now moistened anus and
  planted a loving kiss. He could tell she liked that, so he kissed her there
  more and then even began to lick, inserting his tongue just a little. William
  was not usually an especially generous lover, but something Ms. Tanaka had
  done to him made him want to give. His dick was rock hard as he licked her
  ass.  
Maybe soon he would be at her pussy!  
 "Stop."  
 Ms. Tanaka pulled away from him and pushed her dress back down.  
 "Come."  
 Ms. Tanaka left the bedroom and went back to the living room, this time
  the side of it that had a kitchenette and wet bar. She pulled a seaweed salad
  out of the fridge and also made herself a gin and tonic. As she sat at a table
  to enjoy her repast, William was left to lay at her feet.  
 As he lay there he kept hoping Ms. Tanaka would pay attention to him. Talk
  to him. Cuddle him. Even hit him; just something to acknowledge him. But she
  just finished her salad and drink and only when done did she stand up and look
  at William and see the sorrowful, needy look in his eye caused by twenty minutes
  of her inattention.  
 "Aww, is doggy hungry?" she queried.  
 That hadn't been the problem, but now William did realize his stomach indeed
  felt empty. He nodded. Somehow he realized that his current 'doggy' status
  placed a premium on non-verbal communication.  
 Ms. Tanaka got a dog bowl out of the cabinet, filled it with fruit loops
  and placed it on the floor for William.  
Tears came to William's eyes. What the fuck was he doing? Now she wanted
  him to eat out of a dog dish?  
 "You think you can make me into a dog for you?" he protested.  
 "You've always been a dog compared with me. I'm just showing you what you
  are."  
 "Well, you're wrong. I'm not going to put up with this."  
 William rose.  
 Ms. Tanaka's eyes widened in anger.  
 "How dare you! Get back down on the floor this instant!"  
 William couldn't meet her furious glare. But he also didn't drop back done
  to the floor, though he felt a powerful compulsion to do so. He just stood
  there weakly, not complying, but not asserting himself either.  
 Ms. Tanaka swept out of the room and stormed back in carrying her rattan
  cane. Angrily she rained blows upon William and they hurt even more than they
  had the previous evening because they were more forceful, because they hit
  some of the previous spots which were still very sore, and because they hit
  some new spots that were more naturally tender, like William's genitals.  
 William felt too intimidated to even try to block the blows raining down
  on him and he was beaten to the ground. Soon he was sobbing. His body was on
  fire and he just wanted the pain to stop.  
 "Please! Please! I'll be good. Promise. Promise."  
 Finally, Ms. Tanaka stopped beating him. She folded her arms in front of
  her and looked down on him.  
 "We could go about this a different way," she said. "I could come forward
  about your attempted rape and we could see what happens with your employer
  and with the District Attorney."  
 She stared down at him to let that sink in.  
 William was still too overwhelmed by the beating to respond to that. He
  just kept on weeping.  
 "Or I could modify the training routine: fewer rewards for good behavior,
  just more beatings &ndash; that seems to be what gets your attention best."  
 William raised his head to protest. Tears still pouring down his cheeks
  he looked up at Ms. Tanaka with pleading eyes and imploringly shook his head
  no. He started to beg verbally, but Ms. Tanaka shushed him before he could
  get out more than a syllable.  
 "Don't tell me, William, show me."  
 William painfully inched forward and kissed Ms. Tanaka's feet in complete
  surrender.  
 "Good. Good. Now lick the cane."  
 William looked at the cane that was capable of hurting him so badly and
  licked it and, seeing Ms. Tanaka wanted him to continue, kept licking it.  
 "Put the end of it in your mouth and suck it. Suck it like a cock."  
 William did as he was told.  
 Ms. Tanaka pulled the cane out of his mouth and kicked him in the direction
  of the dog dish. William bent down at the dish to feed. He knew better than
  to dare to use his hands, but just grazed with his mouth. Each mouthful confirmed
  his new status.  
 When he was not quite finished, Ms. Tanaka pulled his hair, pulling his
  face out of the bowl.  
 "Come, boy."  
 William crawled after her to the middle of the living room.  
 "I am going to let you speak now, boy. What have we learned today? What
  was Lesson Six?"  
 "Lesson Six is Humility," replied William.  
 "Good. And Lesson Seven?"  
 "Use Your Tongue to Please Her," replied William, who knew from the night
  before that he would probably have to remember the Lessons word for word.  
 "Yes. So now, being a generous owner, I am going to give you a chance to
  demonstrate that you have internalized both lessons. Come."  
 Ms. Tanaka led William to the bathroom and motioned for him place his head
  at the toilet face-up while maintaining an uncomfortable crab-walk position.  
 "Good boy. It looks like you are beginning to know your place. Now, open
  wide."  
 Ms. Tanaka hiked up her dress and seated herself on William's face. He watched
  enthralled for the too brief seconds it took for her pussy to descend on him
  and make itself comfortable.  
 "Mmm," said Ms. Tanaka with pleasure as she sat on William's face.  
 Soon a flow of golden liquid entered William's mouth and shot to the back
  of his throat. Although Ms. Tanaka took care to pee slowly this first time
  it was tough for William to gulp it down as he was only accustomed to drinking
  when vertical. The warm liquid poured into him and he found he disliked the
  taste, though not as much as he might have imagined. But, then again, his own
  likes and dislikes no longer had much to do with how he was expected to act.  
 "Now, lick me clean, boy," ordered Ms. Tanaka. And he did.  
 Ms. Tanaka got off of him and let him stand up too. His neck felt like he
  strained it. Ms. Tanaka regarded him appraisingly, noting the look of complete
  vulnerability in his eyes and also the couple drops of her pee that had splattered
  on him and stayed glistening on his lips and cheeks. She giggled and took a
  face towel, wet it, and wiped him clean.  
 "That's enough Lessons for now, William. Here, come with me to the living
  room."  
 Ms. Tanaka took William's hand and led him to the living room sofa, the
  very same sofa where his life had changed so drastically the night before.  
 Ms. Tanaka took the conversation over a variety of normal subjects. They
  discussed the economy and the markets, world affairs, past vacations and growing
  up experiences. William was in an other-worldly state, but even on automatic
  pilot could handle those topics. Finally, Ms. Tanaka yawned and stretched.  
 "Oh, my goodness. It's almost 11. You'd better get home to wifey now."  
 William looked disappointed but acknowledged she was correct.  
 "You don't really want to go yet do you?"  
 William shook his head.  
 "Well, I don't see that there's any choice; I'm not quite ready to take
  you in. But, you know what? There is something else I'd been meaning to talk
  to you about. Mr. Sato and Mr. Watanabe were extremely impressed by your market
  acumen while they were in the country this trip. They told me they really wanted
  to get your thoughts on the direction of interest rates next quarter, Fed policy
  and all that, you know. Just six or eight pages; they are more interested in
  your judgment than any long research and statistics. It would be a huge feather
  in my cap if you'd do it. And they'd pay you really well too. I happen to know
  they have an especially big research budget they have to spend or lose by the
  end of the fiscal year."  
 William pondered. He knew he shouldn't accept outside employment, even for
  a small project, without getting prior approval from his firm. He knew approval
  wouldn't be granted in the case of a customer, like Mr. Sato's firm &ndash; too
  much chance of conflict of interest. But there was no way writing an innocuous
  report on interest rates could actually hurt his own firm. And it was flattering
  that the Japanese clients respected his ability to want to know his thoughts
  on rates. Perhaps this could even lead to a big job offer. And then, then,
  wow, he'd be working at Caroline Tanaka's firm. They might have all kinds of
  excuses to see each other. William fantasized about working directly for Ms.
  Tanaka, carrying out 'assignments' for her, being called into her private office
  to perform for her behind the locked door.  
 "William, I just know you'll do a great job. It's important for me that
  you do this. What do you say?"  
 William didn't want to disappoint her. He needed her too badly.  
 "Sure. Yeah, okay. When do you need it?"  
 Caroline impulsively flung her arms around his neck in a brief hug and gave
  him a kiss right on the lips.  
 "Friday, Mr. Sato said. That gives you three days. I'm going out of town
  on business, but I'll be back Friday and you can give it to me then."  
 "I won't be able to see you until Friday?" William replied, crestfallen.  
 "Sorry, my cute little puppy, but I work too, you know. But I do have one
  piece of good news! I'm authorized to pay you in advance."  
 Caroline moved to a desk at the end of the room and made out a corporate
  check with a flourish. She brought in back to him and he looked at it. It was
  for $5,000. William was astonished. He wrote reports like the one they were
  asked for a couple times a month. He was really moving up in the world if his
  judgment was respected enough to gain this rate of pay. Meeting Ms. Tanaka
  might not only mean an amazing sexual and romantic encounter, but it also might
  lead to incredible advances in his career.  
William stood there naked, gazing at the weighty check in his hands.  
 "Time to leave now, silly. Hey, want to make me really happy?"  
 "Sure."  
 "Go out the same way you came in, crawling, naked this time though. You
  can put your clothes back on in the hallway."  
 "How many other apartments are there on the top floor?" William asked.  
 "Just one other," replied Ms. Tanaka, looking very disappointed in William
  for bringing it up.  
 William went to get his clothes, but at Ms. Tanaka's command 'down' he crawled
  to get them instead and, crawling, carried them and the check through the penthouse
  door that Ms. Tanaka held open for him. I guess there will be no good-night
  kiss, William thought sadly. Ms. Tanaka shut the door leaving William in the
  corridor feeling very naked in the slightly public space. He rushed to get
  his clothes back on and hurried down to his car. Every inch of him ached from
  the cruel beatings he had received on successive days from the surprisingly
  strong and brutal woman. He worried that his wife might see some of the marks
  and planned how to stay covered when near her for the next few days. No matter
  what precautions he took that would still be a risk. But, on the other hand,
  he was suddenly $5,000 richer. He might be in line for a great job offer, who
  knows. And he was in love, in love, with Ms. Caroline Tanaka.  
 Ms. Tanaka, meanwhile, was already on the phone with Mr. Sato.  
 "Did William accept the research project idea?"  
 "Of course."  
 "And you paid him already?"  
 "Of course."  
 "Excellent. Then he is ours. A few days after he turns in the report tell
  him about the after hours trading idea. We can make millions of dollars buying
  or selling his company's mutual fund shares at the closing price even though
  the stocks in the portfolio have continued to fluctuate in after-hours trading
  over the counter. We have your rape allegation to hang over him. We have the
  video tapes of the, ah, 'unusual and embarrassing activities' he's engaged
  in with you, and now we have his accepting a large unexplained sum of money
  from us without gaining company approval."  
 "Yes," said Caroline Tanaka. "It appears we have William by the balls."  
 She laughed merrily and poured herself a celebratory drink. Life was good.  
The Trap, Part 3  
 Friday couldn't come soon enough for William, but when it finally arrived
  he almost couldn't believe it. He only felt alive when he was together with
  Ms. Caroline Tanaka, as if his life only consisted of those minutes he spent
  with her and the rest of the time he was like a light with its switch turned
  off.  
 As Ms. Tanaka opened the door to her company's penthouse William could read
  in her eyes what he was supposed to do. Without her having to say a word he
  quickly removed his clothes, left them in a pile next to the wall, and crawled
  to Ms. Tanaka bringing her the research paper she had commissioned after their
  last encounter; the research paper that would unwittingly give her employer,
  Ms. Sato, a pitiless hold over William.  
 "Good boy. You finished it. I knew you could do it," said Ms. Tanaka grabbing
  the research paper and putting it aside.  
 Coming back she leaned down and took his upturned face between her smooth,
  elegant fingers. "You know, boy, I'm starting to get really attached to you," she
  said, looking deeply into his eyes. "Tonight may be the night we become lovers."  
 William's jaw dropped. He could hardly believe his ears. He felt his cock
  get long and hard and his heartbeat quicken. But he was now cautious enough
  not to do anything that might jeopardize this barely-to-be-hoped-for possibility.
  William simply waited on all fours to see what might transpire.  
 Caroline rubbed his head affectionately and then led him along by the hair
  to the bedroom. "We've already been somewhat intimate, but I want to take that
  a little bit further now. Here, you may sit up on the bed with me." She patted
  the bed to indicate where he could sit.  
 William scrambled up onto the bed and sat on the bedspread naked next to
  Ms. Tanaka in her little black dress. She nuzzled him, her eyes taking on that
  wider set that William knew well meant sexual receptivity. But William now
  knew not to make any first moves and instead to leave each new initiation,
  each aggressive step, to his more powerful partner.  
 Ms. Tanaka leaned over and kissed him tenderly and as their lips opened
  her tongue stole into his mouth, delicately tasting and exploring him. They
  kissed and caressed, her hands running up and down him in a more masterful
  and proprietary way, his hands touching her in a more tentative and timid way.  
 "See, I do have a tender side," she breathed playfully at him, placing little
  smooches all over his face as she held his hands down firmly in his lap. "Now,
  just let me change into something a little more ... comfortable."  
 Caroline exited the room giving him an impish look over her shoulder as
  she left. William sat there waiting for her to come back. His position in the
  bedroom was what his position in life had become. He was waiting for Caroline.
  She was what gave him meaning. When she was gone momentarily there was nothing
  in life except the anticipation of her return.  
 William simply stared at the open doorway, which meant he didn't miss a
  thing when Caroline made her dramatic re-entrance wearing a red ensemble of
  heels, stockings, garter, panties, bra, and camisole. The surprise was that
  she was wearing a strap-on again, this time a bold black one, a strap-on that
  advanced and was suddenly poised at William's lips.  
 "You know what to do, sweet thing," said Caroline, twisting William's hair
  in her fingers and pressing up against his mouth.  
 William yielded and opened up. The artificial cock was uncomfortable as
  it probed too deeply in his mouth that was unaccustomed to such intrusions.
  William tried to relax his tongue and throat, but it was no use. He kept making
  gulping and choking noises. Caroline meanwhile hugged his head and urged him
  on.  
 Finally, when she felt like she'd taken him enough that way, Caroline pulled
  out. "Don't want to turn you into too much of a cocksucker," she teased him. "Now,
  lie back."  
 Caroline pushed William down on his back and then pulled out both pillows
  and placed them under his rump.  
William felt so exposed and wanton with his ass angled up and on display
  on top of the pillows. He guessed that's how women had felt, too, when he put
  them in that position in the past without thinking about it much one way or
  the other at the time. It wasn't an unpleasant feeling exactly, because it
  was sexually arousing, but in a vulnerable sort of way.  
 "I want to be looking into those beautiful blue eyes of yours as we do it
  this time," said Caroline. "Think you got it wet enough that we don't need
  to use lube?"  
 Caroline crawled on top of him and he could feel the warmth of her body
  through her lingerie. William sensed her grab her artificial cock and insert
  the head of it into him, fiddling around to get a good angle. William heard
  himself moan as she pushed it further into him and began to rock into a rhythm,
  fucking him.  
 "Wrap your legs around me. We're making love."  
 William embraced her with his legs and his arms. He sensed how the physical
  sensation of being penetrated this way could actually be pleasurable given
  the nerve endings down there. But Ms. Tanaka did not seem concerned with his
  pleasure and instead kept increasing the speed and power of her thrusts. Soon
  she was moaning loudly, whether from stimulation from the base of the strap-on
  pressing back on her clit or from the joyful exercise of power involved in
  the penetration of a spread open lover, he didn't know. She came in a powerful
  shudder, yelling loudly, and actually squirting cum onto him. William had heard
  that some women could do that, but he hadn't really believed it; until then.  
 Still hard, William wanted badly to cum too, but he knew better than to
  bring that up. He could only hope that Ms. Tanaka would come up with an idea
  that would involve that. Meanwhile, he basked in the pleasure of having given
  her an orgasm and gazed up at her lovingly. And she looked down on him.  
 "Who OWNS you, bitch?"  
 He felt uncomfortable at the question. After all, they had just been making
  love &ndash; in a way. He blinked shyly, blushed, and averted his eyes, but
  his eyes were drawn back to her insistent stare.  
 "You do, Ms. Tanaka."  
 She smiled and kissed him.  
 "Need to use the facilities?"  
 "Sure, uh, thanks."  
 "Don't forget to crawl."  
 William crawled to the bathroom. When he got there he saw that Ms. Tanaka
  had come too.  
 "May I stand to do it, Ms. Tanaka?"  
 "This time," Ms. Tanaka smiled.  
 As William peed he felt Ms. Tanaka standing next to him, her arm lightly
  around his waist. He felt embarrassed at the lack of privacy as she watched
  him do his business, but he knew he'd better just get used to her taking whatever
  liberties she felt like taking.  
 When he was done she declared, "My turn."  
 William looked at her and then realized she didn't want him to simply give
  her room at the bowl. Meekly, he got into position with his head in the bowl
  face up and mouth open. Ms. Tanaka sat on his face and used him.  
 "Now clean me," she commanded.  
 William licked her clean. Ms. Tanaka loved having a boy to pee in and she
  loved the sensation of sitting on a warm and pliant face. She didn't really
  feel like getting up, so she kept William licking for quite a while, ending
  in another shuddering orgasm as his face was bathed with her juices. Then she
  had him lick her clean again, of course.  
 She led him to the door to the penthouse and let him dress inside this time
  before holding the door for him to crawl into the corridor.  
 "Monday at eight," she told him.  
 He could live again starting Monday! He would count the hours.  
 At 8pm sharp, Monday, William again found himself in front of Ms. Tanaka's
  door. This time she seemed in a different mood, very abrupt and pensive. As
  she let him in and closed the door behind him she didn't say a word, merely
  scowled and snapped her fingers. William hurried to remove his clothes and
  followed her crawling looking up at her face to try to divine her intentions.
  She snapped her fingers again and William had to guess what that meant.  
 He crawled up to her and began to fawningly lick her heels. She used her
  heel to kick him hard in the nose and walked forward a few feet.  
 William's nose hurt and what's more, he was stunned. he thought he had guessed
  right, but evidently not.  
 "Well?" Ms. Tanaka asked, scornfully.  
 "Well what?" replied William.  
 "When your Goddess walks forward you must always crawl after her! I didn't
  tell you that you could stop licking my heels. What are you doing back there?"  
 William crawled forward and began licking her heels again. BAM &ndash; another
  kick in the nose and again Ms. Tanaka walked forward. William whimpered; those
  kicks hurt a lot. But Ms. Tanaka excited him like no one else he had ever met
  in his life. He could manage to do this much more. He kept crawling after her
  and licking her heels and each time received the chastisement of those selfsame
  heels until he was literally crying.  
 "You are such a little baby," said Ms. Tanaka to him and she finally cracked
  a smile. "Now, stay."  
 He maintained his position on his hands and knees as Ms. Tanaka walked around
  behind him and grabbed his balls.  
 "Who owns you, boy?"  
 "You do, Ms. Tanaka."  
 She squeezed his balls hard. William yelped with pain.  
 "I'm not fucking around, boy. This isn't some schoolyard game. Now, who
  OWNS you?"  
 "Y-you do, Ms. Tanaka," blubbered William, still not realizing the enormity
  of what that might entail.  
 "I am your everything, your all, your Supreme Being."  
 "Yes, Goddess. You are everything. You are my Supreme Being."  
 "I'm sick of your bullshit, slave. I require honest worship. Not this crap."  
 "Yes Goddess. I will do better. I promise."  
 "Slave, I liked the research paper you brought me last week. But it's not
  enough. Mr. Sato would like to do a little after hours trading, buying your
  company's mutual fund shares at the day's closing price without waiting for
  the next day's opening."  
 "But that wouldn't be ethical. He'd know what the stock prices of our holdings
  would be doing over-the-counter and in overseas markets. It wouldn't be fair
  to our other customers."  
 "You know as well as I do that this goes on at many mutual fund companies
  for their best customers, slave."  
 "Yes, but I've never approved of it. I've always been a straight arrow."  
 "Straight arrow?" replied Ms. Tanaka scornfully, "I bet your wife might
  have a different view on that issue."  
 "This is different," replied William, thinking it was time to end this insanity
  and just leave the penthouse apartment. It would mean saying goodbye to the
  best sexual experience he had ever had, but it would mean not crossing a line
  that would mean betrayal of his company and his ethical standards, not to mention
  risking his career and even possibly jail time. Nothing was worth that.  
 Ms. Tanaka could see William wavering and wanting to bolt so she knew it
  was time to up the ante.  
 "Now listen, slave. You think you have more of a choice in this than you
  do. We have all those submissive acts of yours on film and we won't hesitate
  to show those tapes both to your wife and to your employers."  
 William's mind raced. Desperately he tried to think of ways he could explain
  his behavior to keep his wife and his job if Ms. Tanaka carried out her threat,
  if there actually were tapes.  
 "You think maybe you can survive our showing the tapes? Well, what about
  the fact we can easily prove we paid you $5000 which you accepted in clear
  violation of company policy?"  
 William felt like his stomach had just fallen out of his body, like the
  feeling he got when the roller coaster just headed over the top of its biggest
  hill and began the plunge down.  
 "Not to mention I could reconsider my decision on filing rape charges. You
  climbing all over me while I told you to stop is all on tape too. On the other
  hand, if you arrange for the after hours trading we'll all get rich together.
  I'm sure Mr. Sato will be able to find some performance bonuses for you and
  there's no need for anyone but me to ever see those nasty tapes. Well, William,
  what will it be?"  
 William began to shake uncontrollably. "I-I-I'll have to think about it.
  I need a little time."  
 "You've run out of time, slave. Here give me a ride to the bedroom. You
  don't think I'm serious. I'll show you that I am."  
 Ms. Tanaka got astride William's back and gave his rump a slap to get him
  moving. She pulled his hair to the right to steer him to the bedroom and pulled
  back on his hair to get him to stop. She then dismounted and put on the DVD
  player. William watched open-mouthed as she played him their greatest hits.  
 Ms. Tanaka giggled. "What do you say now, Doubting Thomas, or should I say,
  Doubting William?"  
 "How dare you trap me like that!"  
 SLAP! Ms. Tanaka hit him hard across the face.  
 "Don't &ndash; you &ndash; EVER &ndash; talk &ndash; to &ndash; ME &ndash; in &ndash; that &mdash; tone &ndash; again!"  
 To emphasize her point she kicked him hard to the balls. William clutched
  his groin and collapsed on his side, his mouth opening and closing as he gasped.  
 "What was that bullshit you had been just telling me about how I was your
  GODDESS and your ALL and that you would do ANYTHING for me. I told you it was
  bullshit. You have to actually mean it or it's just a stupid goddamned game."  
 William moved from his side to his back and lay there staring up at Ms.
  Tanaka. She seemed so high above him and so beautiful even when in a rage.
  He desperately wanted to please her, to obey her, to submit to her. But he
  didn't want to violate the law or commit unethical dangerous financial breaches.
  But if he didn't, he would be completely ruined. He felt like his head would
  explode.  
 "I will give you some time to think about it, William.  
I am going to sit on your face and you will lick my asshole until you make
  up your little mind. Stop being a hypocrite and actually obey Your Goddess.
  Keep your job, make some extra money, maybe even keep wifey if you still want.
  Or be destroyed, completely, utterly, and inexorably."  
 With that, Ms. Tanaka dropped down unceremoniously on William's face. William
  found his mouth right at Ms. Tanaka's anus and he began to lick. The taste
  in his mouth was foul, but William found the act strangely comforting. Perhaps
  he needed this abasement, this humiliation. He needed a woman to show him his
  proper place.  
 William kept licking, trying to divine by how Ms. Tanaka shifted her weight
  whether she was enjoying how he licked her. William thought further. Maybe
  he could arrange the after hour trades and not get caught. Rumor had it that
  this practice went on in many firms. William had lost business in the past
  to competitors who were reputed to engage in it. He could feel Ms. Tanaka getting
  more excited, rubbing her ass on his face.  
 William couldn't see any choice. He would have to do what Ms. Tanaka wanted.
  Besides, he would get to stay in contact with her and be her slave, something
  that was more sexually exciting to him than anything in the world. He could
  hear Ms. Tanaka moaning as she fucked his face. He plunged his tongue up into
  her, trying to get it as far into her as possible. Ms. Tanaka let out a scream
  and came on his face, her legs squeezing his head convulsively.  
 Ms. Tanaka lay on top of William, facing him.  
 "Well, boy?"  
 "Yes, Ms. Tanaka. I'll do it. I'll set up the after hours trading program
  for you."  
 "Good boy," said Ms. Tanaka.  
 She took his penis between her legs.  
 "Spread your legs, whore."  
 William spread his legs.  
 Caroline Tanaka grasped his penis between her clenched thighs and rode him
  until he came. William's heart thumped wildly. Ms. Tanaka looked deeply his
  eyes.  
 "I am glad you belong to me, boy."  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cambridge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





