BDSM Library - Layla's Judge, Jury and Crucifixion




Layla's Judge, Jury and Crucifixion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An imprisoned and condemned warrior is abused and executed.The following fantasy fiction is intended solely for ADULT ONLY personal
  enjoyment and only where local standards permit such content. Should you be
  in any way troubled by themes dealing with extreme torture and abuse please
  do not read any further.  
Use of the "Faibhar" name any or all posted works for uses other than personal
  without the author's expressed permission is strongly discouraged.  
Thank you.  
Faibhar  
Layla's Judge Jury  
And  
Crucifixion  
The one good eye Brocchus had left glinted with something akin to self-satisfaction
  as the three first fingers of his right hand formed a gnarled wedge and easily
  slipped between the flared lips dividing the mossy hairs. The prisoner proved
  much more docile following the rapes and being abused as a punching bag of
  sorts. Scale armor, stubbornly worn though his fight days were long past, rustled
  as the dungeon assistant knelt over the nude. Semen from various donors squished
  free from the intruding digits. Once inside Brocchus hooked the fingers up,
  grunted and got to his feet. The prisoner moaned as her pelvis was lifted.
  Long arms trailed along her sides as she was dragged to another end of the
  dungeon.  
"Time to stand, bitch. There's someone here you should meet."  
Oppius Gellius Sorae nonchalantly waited for the defendant's wobbling to
  cease. The female before him did excite. He took great pains not to show his
  lustful ardor and thereby show any human weakness to his minions. He was, after
  all a great governor. Stroking a well-maintained beard he indifferently sipped
  more excellent wine from the gilded chalice. Absently examining the five gaudy
  rings on one hand he conceded that while good taste might dictate only one
  ring to be worn by respectable males such decorum was not for him. He was style,
  glam, bling-bling and so what? Besides she already was steadying herself, no
  one the wiser to his insouciant pose.  
Gellius at last spoke. "As an enemy of Caesar, I sentence you to death by
  crucifixion." Clearing his throat more for drama than for any malady, the silver-haired
  governor continued. "But as an acclaimed leader of your&hellip;barbarous people
  you will first be tortured." He leaned purposefully forward from his chair
  for emphasis. Concerned that his words seemingly had little effect on the restored
  countenance of the female before him, he further menaced his baritone and sternly
  said, "Consider the rapes and beatings you have already received just the beginning
  of more to come. All leading to your execution on the cross." Looking at the
  overweight dungeon assistant with his silly armor bracing the prisoner he puzzled. "Despite
  the split lip and other bruises she does look fine, but what about those?"  
Layla fought to keep her own balance. She was hurt and in the enemy's' hands
  but otherwise her head was clearing. What she saw seated before her disgusted.
  Her fate was to be decided by this flagrant violator of every code held dear
  by the fashion police. In defiance she shook back fallen strands of dark hair
  and glared at the one they called Gellius.  
Eager to please as a lap dog is for his dinner bowl Brocchus hoped to gain
  what favor he could by directly being of service and anticipating his leader's
  every wish. "You mean those?" He indicated the prisoner's large pink aureoles.  
"Yes those! Or more exactly those&hellip;those&hellip;whatever they are called.
  Where are those things at the tips of her tits?" Consternation mingled with
  impatience colored Gellius' bark.  
Layla held her gaze. What she saw was a much-agitated old man ludicrously
  attired. The earrings and rings lent a bad name to accessorizing. "Are you
  referring," she calmly said, "To my inverted nipples?"  
Relieved that rescue had come from such an unexpected source Brocchus attempted
  to further placate Gellius and said, "Oh those. They're there. All it takes
  is a little fixing&hellip;"  
"Then do it and make it quick. I wish to see."  
The tone of the command left little time to contemplate. Grabbing her shoulder
  Brocchus drew the prisoner away. To the far wall he chained her arms up and
  out. Looping thick rope around an ankle he passed an end through an iron loop
  set into the stone floor and used his back for added force as he pulled. Quickly
  the naked prisoner was stretched across the wall. Wiping a brow sweating from
  such speedy and tedious work, Brocchus reached for his small dagger.  
Layla tested the bonds, but could not move. She looked down her chest to
  see stained fingers wrap around a breast and then squeeze. Sucking in her breath
  she turned her head up and shut her eyes. She felt a sharp tip prick her right
  breast followed by excruciating pain that blinded her senses.  
The dagger clattered on the stone as it fell from his hand. Brocchus needed
  to catch his breath. Sitting on the floor he wearily looked up. Sweat covered
  him. The prisoner's bowed head did not move. Only the slight beat of her stomach
  showed him that life remained. Twin rivers of blood cascaded down each flank.
  Amongst the shiny crimson Brocchus knew there stood two nipples that he himself
  had dug out. Blood seemed to coat the floor, his hands, and armor everywhere.  
"Well wash her down so that I can see," the bark sneered.  
He recognized the voice of Gellius and started. It sounded just behind him.
  Twisting around he saw that Opius Gellius Sorae had left his seat and now stood
  almost on top of him. Brocchus grabbed a bucket of water and threw it at the
  hanging figure.  
Slowly making long strokes of his beard Gellius smiled and said, "You have
  done well" Two red dots appeared in the center of pink pools set high on each
  full tit. "Give her three days to recover in a cell, but first dress her in
  this gown."  
Layla felt her arms being lowered and feet freed. She still could not raise
  her head and cringed as the light gown was passed over her head and across
  her raw chest. She did not protest as she was led away. Each waft of air hurt
  the now extracted nipples. Diaphanous though the material may be it still felt
  like lead. The silky fabric rubbed as sand and glass shards across freshly
  exposed nerves. Layla stumbled, hoping that the journey through the dim hall
  to her cell would be short.  
It was too tight. What must have been some sort of decoration along the scoop
  neckline had been torn away. The sleeves barely reached to her elbows. Transparency
  of the material hid nothing. Bleeding stopped, replaced by a darkening of the
  entire area. Layla's chest throbbed in agony, the rest of her body one massive
  bruise. The dress she had been given would prove no help-a bitter commentary
  on the price some had to pay for fashion. Shifting position in the cramp cell
  proved a challenge.  
She spent most of her confined time imaging the forest steppes of her childhood
  dodging around the many hiding places amongst the craggy ravines and tall oaks,
  feeling her body grow victorious as she scaled the mountains. Unfortunately
  such dreams too often were interrupted by the recent ambush, the capture of
  the hunting party she led, and the merciless dispatch of everyone, save for
  her.  
They came on the third day with a signal that further tortures were on the
  way&hellip;  
To be continued&hellip;  
The following fantasy fiction is intended solely for ADULT ONLY personal
  enjoyment and only where local standards permit such content. Should you be
  in any way troubled by themes dealing with extreme torture and abuse leading
  to crucifixion and death please do not read any further.  
Use of the "Faibhar" name any or all posted works for uses other than personal
  without the author's expressed permission is strongly discouraged.  
Thank you.  
Faibhar  
Layla's Judge Jury  
And  
Crucifixion  
Trim  
Rising from the temporary stage arose a timber taller than any. Brocchus
  stood respectfully behind his boss, the dungeon master. Two armed soldiers,
  one of whom untied Layla's hands secured behind her back, joined them. Despite
  the early hour many jostled at the edge of the stage, vying for prime positions
  in which to view the scourging of the barbarian prisoner. Sun heated rooftops
  of surrounding apartments as if it too were seeking a good view from the lofty
  heights. Into the shadows of an opposing building moved a litter bearing Oppius
  Gellius Sorum and his hair-dyed mistress, her yellowish tunic clashing with
  his purple garb. A soldier pushed Layla against the tall timber as her arms
  were freed. Brocchus took hold of the soiled pale blue gown she wore and lifted.
  Applause greeted Layla's undressing. She stood nude before them, the still
  cool morning air causing goose-bumps on the taut skin.  
Fasting for the past three days in that horrible cell had sapped much of
  her strength. Layla knew that she would not be scourged before the enemy without
  one last fight. Violently her right leg flew out impacting directly into the
  dungeon master's groin. Side-stepping she smacked the nearest soldier with
  her elbow. Stepping over the fallen dungeon master she flew at Brocchus from
  his blind side. Grabbing an edge of his scale armor she flung him into the
  post.  
The assembled crowd cheered the courageous nude fighter as she battled with
  her hands and feet men on the stage with her. Brunette hair flew as she expertly
  kicked and punched. All the men were on the knees when she yelled and leapt
  high off the stage, landing on the porch of a store. More soldiers came. Pots
  and baskets exploded in the melee.  
Layla fought as hard as she could, but experience taught her that the battle
  was futile. Two more guards jumped her, and then a third and fourth. She soon
  was at the bottom of a pile, ropes tightly securing her wrists and ankles.
  Consciousness of pains renewed in her chest, pain she had had to ignore during
  the scuffle. Darkness unveiled itself as more and more Romans got off of her.
  The sky seemed bright. She winced as hands lifted her up and she was carried
  back to the stage.  
Brocchus recovered faster than his boss who had to be led away to seek further
  treatment. In his stead Brocchus assumed command. He ordered that the prisoner
  be stood upright. Taking her tied wrists, he attached a hook from the top of
  the scourging post and pulled. Her body fell into the timber, full tits wobbled
  to either side, arms secured high. He untied, and then retied her ankles to
  posts set in the stage, spreading her legs slightly outward.  
Brocchus reached up and ran his fingers through her long locks, hair that
  reached to the small of her back. He would soon take care of that&hellip;"Who
  amongst you wishes a strand or two of hair from our lovely victim? Do keep
  in mind, such a keepsake of one to be crucified just might favor you with good
  luck." Brocchus bent down and rummaged around the inside of his workman's bag
  until he found what he was after. Pulling out heavy shears, he selected a portion
  of her hair and then cut.  
Her chin set into the rough wood. Stretching high above ran her muscled arms.
  Layla heard Brocchus exhort the crowd and then felt as the first snip was made.
  She shut her eyes as more of her brunette hair was shorn. There was little
  she could do.  
The crowd approached hysteria as Brocchus threw the cut hair into the air
  and it flew over their heads. People jumped and clawed with their hands. Those
  lucky enough to make a catch cherished their good fortune. Too soon the trimming
  ceased. Brocchus cut everything hanging down, using the top of the prisoner's
  neck as his guide. They quieted somewhat as they saw the old dungeon assistant
  lay down his tools and waited for what was next to come. The strung up prisoner's
  back now looked more naked that before. Only moments ago they had cheered this
  same person for her courageous fighting bravery. They began to boo their impatience.  
Furiae enjoyed imagining herself as some myth incarnate; one with brass wings
  and talons. Sorum's mistress of several years by now knew well of her lover's
  quirks. Without turning her coiffed head and looking directly at him, she placed
  her hand over his lap. Already a bulge was growing. The mere sight of the helpless
  female was enough to capture his fancy. This could be turned to her advantage.
  Besides, the bitch with her hard body was asking for it. Brushing a red-gold
  ringlet from her face, she quietly smiled and with her one hand fondled Sorum's
  protruding evidence of his manhood. At least, she mused, it was cool where
  they were&hellip;  
No longer were they pink. Brocchus inspected his handiwork. The nipples he
  had the other day so laboriously freed remained erect. Scabrous to be sure,
  but no longer hidden away by their invertedness. Bruising colored the rest
  of the surrounding area, but that was to be expected. He lightly ran the tipped
  barbs of the scourge around the fine tits, pleased that he noticed the prisoner
  flinch. The surrounding town folk reminded him of his foremost duty and that
  somewhere out there must be Sorum. He stepped behind the prisoner and aimed
  his first swing.  
All viewing areas around the stage provided something. The opposing side,
  e.g., showed off plenty. There were the extended legs with their shiny definition;
  sides of the beating rib cage, the magnificent though bruised breasts, upper
  shoulders, clipped hair and so forth. And of course there was the sound: The
  scourge cracking as it sailed through the air, the sharp intake of breath from
  the victim, her muted sobs. Those on the sides of the stage were treated to
  a profile view every bit as satisfying as those early arrivals who had staked
  out positions behind the prisoner.  
Sorum and his mistress Furiae had the best view, of course. Despite the swirling
  wind increasing and somewhat lowering the temperature of what had seemed to
  be another hot weather day, Sorum noted that the barbarian's fine body glistened-and
  not just from streaming blood caused by the scourge. He surmised her sweat
  was probably caused by the drama of the moment. At least, he and Furiae had
  good seats.  
Brocchus halted the lashings. Taking a breather, he used his current position
  of authority and ordered soldiers to free her legs. Tip-toes scratched over
  the wood. He turned her around. Reddish skin down her breast-bone marked where
  she had repeatedly slammed into the whipping post. Her reddened chin, also
  scraped by the timber, fell to her chest. Brocchus stepped back to continue
  the scourging when he heard Sorum's baritone call out from the shadows. "She
  has endured much. Save her strength for what is to come."  
Winking to the side at his perceived new fans Brocchus ordered and received
  a cup of hot wax. Inside the clay cup containing the melted wax was a brush
  that he then used to liberally coat the prisoner's dark triangle of curls.
  Brocchus then smoothed over the coating of wax three narrow rectangular strips
  of cloth. He allowed the wax to soak into the strips and then taking the corner
  of one ripped.  
Layla moaned and her head raised and fell back against the timber. Brocchus
  threw the strip, with the attached hairs into the crowd at one side of the
  stage. Another cheer arose. He ripped another strip, and threw that hair-covered
  cloth to the other side. The middle strip he ripped away, but instead of throwing
  it to the crowd, brought it up to his nose, inhaled deeply, grinned and stuffed
  the rag into his belt. Looking back at his victim he bent forward and exaggeratedly
  inspected her now bald vaginal lips.  
To be continued&hellip;  
The following fantasy fiction is intended solely for ADULT ONLY personal
  enjoyment and only where local standards permit such content. Should you be
  in any way troubled by themes dealing with extreme torture and abuse leading
  to crucifixion and death please do not read any further.  
Use of the "Faibhar" name any or all posted works for uses other than personal
  without the author's expressed permission is strongly discouraged.  
Thank you.  
Faibhar  
Layla's Judge Jury  
And Crucifixion  
The  
Amazing Lightening Rod  
A troublesome gnat hampered Sorum's view as the roly-poly dungeon assistant
  ripped away the final strip of pubic hair-cum-hardened wax-cum-cloth but he
  clearly heard the female moan and then saw the dolt sniffing his cherished
  trophy.  
Sorum craftily mused that things would soon get even better than what had
  already transpired. That knowledge plus Furiae's hand on his crotch made the
  morning very fine indeed. He shifted his bulk on the plush sedan, moving closer
  to his mistress in a silent request for more.  
Five rings-no TEN rings if you counted both hands! Furiae cursed to herself.
  That plus all the garbage that went with it&hellip;Surely she really deserved
  better? Still, she was after the gold and the bastard whose cock she presently
  stroked currently seemed to have the most. She would do what she needed to
  do in order to insure her intimate position.  
Another red-gold curl was brushed aside as Furiae reached with her other
  hand for the small sack containing what she planned for this very moment. She
  turned back to Sorum, who was so intent on the stage activities, and upended
  the bag into his palm. Two rings fell out, along with a slender and short chain.  
He didn't know what to think. Furiae's actions diverted his attention from
  the stage just like the gnat before. He looked down at his open palm and saw
  two rather dull and odd rings. With them was a small chain.  
"For me?"  
Furiae stifled a giggle. All men seemed to go dumb whenever she had them
  by the balls. She increased her talon-like grip and whispered an explanation
  that the rings were meant for the bitch, not him. So was the chain&hellip;  
A perplexed expression further wrinkled his brow and then Sorum seemed to
  at last get it. The rings were not complete circles but instead tapered to
  small points where they opened. The slender chain had clips at each end.  
"They are designed to keep those freshly extracted nipples from hiding again.
  Every step will cause a shift in her big boobs and with the chain pulling the
  two rings together the points will&hellip;well, you know."  
The meticulously groomed beard crinkled as he smiled. Sorum leaned closer
  and kissed Furiae his approval. He signaled the dungeon assistant to come over
  to his litter. He had something of interest to give the knave.  
Furiae relaxed back into the sedan. Upon learning of the initial inverted
  nipples correction by the dungeon assistant had made her a bit queasy, but
  this latest invention seemed to further cement her relationship with Big Daddy.
  A girl could do worse&hellip;  
A bucket of water upended over her head. Those on the other side of the stage
  were treated to more cross-hatching left by the scourge. Many of the red lines
  remained open wounds. Brocchus delicately slipped the specially crafted rings
  onto nipples. The points bit into the sides of the no longer scabrous flesh.
  The attached chain, left slightly less than taut, pulled both tits together.
  Lowering the prisoner's arms the dungeon assistant slipped the gauzy gown over
  her wet head. Material stuck to the wet body, making its transparency all the
  more evident. Given the fullness of her mammaries when pulled together as they
  were they made for a deep cleavage above the torn scoop neckline.  
Layla gasped. The crossbeam laid across her shoulders was bad enough. With
  strength in her legs learned from years in the Steppes she was able to shoulder
  the heavy weight. Making matters worse were her chained breasts, the rings
  in her hurt nipples digging deeper. And then there was the scourging. All of
  her hurt. One step forward shot pangs of agony.  
Sorum and his mistress watched with the others as the prisoner's arms were
  tied to the patibulum, a tow rope looped around her waist, and then led toward
  the city gates. Deciding that this moment required some form of closure, Sorum
  stuck his wet tongue into Furiae's ear. Ignoring her initial rebuff, he thumbed
  toward the departing procession and asked, "Shall we?"  
Cumulus build-ups covered the horizon. Winds gusted stronger as the clouds
  approached. The first of the approaching rain fell in heavy droplets over the
  procession and its onlookers. Sorum eyed the heavens and reminded himself that
  this was one game that would not be called on account of rain. He wrapped his
  woolen cape tighter around he and Furiae as their sedan was hoisted and followed
  the procession.  
Just outside of the city gates had stood a tall milestone. What was left
  lay in a pile of rubble. Furiae protested to Sorum as they passed the destroyed
  milestone and said, "Please. We've seen enough. Let's go back?" From his set
  bearded jaw and eyes focused ahead to where the prisoner was Furiae knew that
  any protesting was futile.  
By now rain pelted patrician, plebeians, slaves and prisoner alike. Ominous
  skies announced that the storm would get worse before things got better. Many
  drew their cloaks tighter about them for protection and continued along the
  muddy road. As long as their leader was staying for the crucifixion, so would
  they.  
She slid to her knees as the beam was lifted. Alongside of the main road
  lay the dark, longer stipes, or upright, that was to be her cross. Layla dully
  watched the soldiers place the crossbeam in the upright's notch and then hammer
  it in place. Rain chilled her almost as seeing the cross. This time she did
  not fight as she was lifted to her feet and the wet gown ripped from her body.  
Chin on her chest, she idly wondered if they would remove the chain connecting
  the nipple rings. By now each ring had sunk deeply into her. Despite the downpour,
  the chain was stained red. It was now taut. Sensation in both had nipples deadened.
  The darkened nubs were pulled toward each other. Rain washed over the rest
  of her soaking what was left of her hair, her bruised and beaten shoulders,
  over her breasts and her feet stood in watery sand.  
"Just pitiful," Sorum said as the sedan was pulled near to the side. "Doesn't
  she look bad? We will wait until the cross is raised and then head back. Okay?" Furiae
  only fumed-her hair and clothes a mess. It certainly would be payback time
  when they got back to the palace. Despite her ire, she had to look at the forlorn
  prisoner. Standing nude in the rain, her body tortured in so many ways and
  yet about to get more. Furiae had a fleeting moment of pity for the creature
  and then her anger with Sorum's obstinacy returned.  
Brocchus wiped more rain from out of his eyes and summoning his most commanding
  voice ordered soldiers to lay the prisoner down and spread out her arms on
  the cross. Taking a flat-headed nail and heavy hammer from his pouch he placed
  a hairy knee closest to her outstretched hand. Not wishing to prolong matters
  more in this nasty weather, he placed the nail point where he thought best
  over her wrist, raised the hammer and swung it down hard.  
All of Layla wanted to leap but was held fast. The chain holding both wet
  breasts together snapped, one ring slicing through the right nipple as her
  torso rose. Blood spurted from the nail now lodged in her wrist, opened wounds
  on her back and the sliced nipple. She bucked again as another hammer blow
  drove the nail into the wood. Ignoring the rain pouring over her eyes her mouth
  opened, the water pouring into her throat. She sputtered a scream.  
Her fingers reflexively clawed the air as Brocchus pounded. He grabbed the
  wrist and pulled. It was secure. Taking a second nail, he went to her other
  wrist and did the same. Standing and stretching an aching back, he ordered
  the waiting soldiers to pull up the stipes. Making sure the upright fell into
  the arrange hole, Brocchus moved to the side and grabbed for a flailing ankle.
  Placing the muddied foot flat on the side of the wood the dungeon assistant
  took another nail and pounded it true.  
Layla cried out as her body shifted with the raising of the cross, and yelled
  when it fell into the whole, jerking her pinned body downward. She cried out
  again as her feet were nailed to the sides of the upright, hardly conscious
  of the fact that her legs were now spread open, genitals gaping.  
"Now watch this," Sorum said with what approached glee to Furiae. "She is
  a strong girl and will use her legs and arms to raise up-she has to just to
  breath. But&hellip;because of the nails, she'll have to slide back down. Truly
  this form of execution is torturous."  
Furiae had covered her eyes with her fingers as soon as she heard the first
  strike of the hammer. The sounds that followed made even her wince. But at
  the sound of Sorum's voice, she parted those fingers and looked. Up on the
  cross hung the rain-soaked bitch, bleeding, legs opened, muscles bulging, ribs
  expanding and contracting. Much as she wanted to, Furiae shut her fingers over
  her eyes again-she could not look.  
He had one last chore to perform. The dungeon assistant brought forth a mounted
  elephant tusk. With the help of another soldier, he hammered the tusk point
  up between the prisoner's legs. She would use this cornu to sit on for the
  rest of her days.  
At first the point stabbed, but when Layla realized that it was her only
  hope for any rest, she sat lower on the point, feeling it go deeper inside
  her ass. Shame no longer was an issue. She hung and sat atop her cross.  
Many of the rabble turned to go back to the city as they saw Sorum's sedan
  pull away and then they crouched as there came a loud roar from the heavens.
  A thunderclap made most shudder. They looked back at the crucifix.  
Plumes of smoke trailed upward from her shaggy mane. Layla's chin hung silently
  on her chest. The gyrations many had fought not to watch stilled. The nude's
  body hung in an agonizing state of repose. The thin chain dangled from a tit.
  Wood of the upright and crossbeam stood charred. The few soldiers left behind
  to guard turned to join the others heading back to the city, their task completed.  
Days later Layla's avenging army would come across the corpse as they traveled
  along the road. Before attacking the city their leaders respectfully took down
  the body. A short burial and memorial followed. As if they needed more motivation,
  seeing the crucifixion gave further impetus. Revenge would be theirs-swift
  and sweet.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





