BDSM Library - Dark Dreams




Dark Dreams
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A disturbed schoolgirl willingly sumbits to her darkest dreams and gives some insight into her troubled past.Dark Dreams   
by The Night Lord   
I couldn't let anyone see me; my life would be ruined if people knew what
  I was really like. I also couldn't sleep. I would close my eyes and the horse
  was always there, waiting for me.  
Ever since the agricultural department at school had been donated that stallion
  I could no longer satisfy my dark urges by looking at pictures or crapy videos
  from the Internet.  
Images of women on their haunches, leaning in to taste the forbidden. To
  lick and kiss and touch and fondle the horses robust cocks. So many times I
  had imagined myself doing that. I preferred to imagine myself in my school
  uniform minus the panties, I would always be kneeling, as if in worship under
  the great beast, stretching up to fulfill my desires on the horses massive
  rod.  
I sometimes wonder what I did wrong that led me to where I am. Lying on the
  floor in my room masturbating both my holes with homemade dildos, dreaming
  of horses.  
Normally on a night like this I just fucked myself raw for a few hours them
  collapsed in exhaustion, but just my luck I had a test tomorrow, an important
  one.  
In the instant of decision I had shot to my feet, my pleasure forgotten,
  and began to look through the piles of dirty clothes of my floor for the school
  uniform I had worn today.  
I had to search for a while to make sure I found my shortest skirt, it think
  I wore it first in grade 6, which was 5 years ago. Checking in the mirror it
  was a perfect fit, as in the bottom of my ass was just visible.  
While I was putting on a pair of small mostly white socks I had found under
  my bed I began a mental checklist.  
No panties, check.   
Digital camera, check.   
Slutty little skirt, check.   
Butt plug, check.   
High heels, er no check.   
I crept out of my bedroom looking for my good going out heels; I had to make
  sure as hell not to wake my family. After a successful search I celebrated
  with a few nips from one of dads bottles of vodka and I slipped out the back
  door into my yard.  
I lived close to my school, maybe 10 minutes at a slow walk, but tonight
  I could risk being seen by someone. It would be a bit odd too see a gorgeous
  raven haired 17 year old schoolgirl sneaking around at 2 in the morning in
  the shortest skirt your likely to ever see.  
The cool night breeze caressed me with its chill, and the promise of long
  overdue fantasies.  
By the time I had reached the school my pussy was dripping. You couldn't
  miss the smell of the Ag department. All the animals and compost and filth.
  I had to pass it on the way to the rest of the school every morning with my
  friends. They would always cover their noses and act like it was a crime to
  place the animals in THEIR way. I would pretend the smell offended me and I
  would look at the animals, their long cocks, and dream.  
Sometimes in the dream I would be standing naked, except for thigh high latex
  boots and whip besides one of the animals. It would have once been a goat or
  a pig but now always the horse.  
At my feet would be two of my friends, the clothes torn from their sexy bodies
  and their backs marked by my whip. They would look up at me with eyes full
  of tears as I placed a boot on one of their backs and forced their head towards
  the animal's dick.  
A few well-placed whips and the girls would be reluctantly sucking the beast.
  In my dream I would play with my clit while I watched them degrade themselves.
  As I masturbated and my fantasies became darker my body would begin to sprout
  piercing all over. My nipples, my pussy lips, my clit, an eyebrow. Daddy would
  never let me get such things, the hell I coped getting my belly and tongue
  pierced was more than I figured it would have been. I still remember the feeling
  of his belt on my rump as he spanked me over his knee like the old fashioned
  type he was, never knowing that I was crying tears of pain and joy.  
But I'm straying from one fantasy to another now... the story of
      my life. Nothing real just illusion.   
In the dream my friends would now begin kissing each other, as if miraculously
  developing into lesbians. They would pass a mouth load of piss spunk between
  them while they caressed each other's bruised and whipped bodies.  
Bodies that became works of art. Well-placed bruises, plenty of filthy animals
  cum and just the right mix of dirt and shit. For all my fetishes I've never
  been big on shit. As the girls began to climax off one another I would clench
  my fists so hard my nails dug cruelly into my soft white flesh, and as my own
  heat rose toys off all sorts could spontaneously invade my private parts, always
  too many, too big.  
As my hands worked feverishly to bring myself off the sight of one of my
  'friends' sucking goat cum out of her partners vagina I beat into my friends
  with my will and hatred and the cuts on their backs began to run anew and they
  screamed, always they screamed. Not for mercy, or in pain and certainly not
  in pleasure. They screamed because I made them scream, and I made them scream
  because I could!  
But tonight I was all-alone. There was no giggly schoolgirl here who would
  pretend to be my friend. Pretend to like me for who I was and all the while
  talking and plotting against me. There was just me my butt plug, a camera and
  a very lucky horse.  
I left the path that continued into the large spread out school and found
  a hole in the chain link fence guarding the agricultural block. I didn't actually
  find the hole; well I did but not tonight.  
I would pass this damned hole ever morning and every morning I pictured myself
  crawling on my belly through the hole, a hole that could be filled with all
  sorts of filth if my mind desired. Always my skirt would get tangles and my
  nakedness would be revealed, revealed to the group of junior boys who would
  be lucky enough to be passing by. Lucky enough to see the cum dripping from
  my pussy and ass, cum I imagined my father had put there.  
I'm so fucked up.   
Now I was through the hole, not anywhere near as filthy as I could dream.
  Spying the dark and dull farm-like landscape broken up by tractor and shed
  and hay bales I imagined I was in wonderland. A land of bright colors and make
  believe where anything could happen.  
So I dared to skip through the Ag department at 2 in the morning allowing
  my skirt to rise up my legs and wincing at the feel of my plug. I stopped and
  laughed with the tractor and I had a fair idea that he knew why I was here.
  Further into the small farmed that claimed this portion of the school I found
  the animals. Some pigs wallowed in their own filth as I wallowed in my dreams.
  Why they were wallowing at this time of morning I couldn't say, nor would I
  ask if they were polite enough to forgo asking why I an extremely attractive,
  respectably intelligent and well raised girl would be sneaking past there wallowing
  to see how much horse spunk could swallow.  
So I hoped the small fence into the pig realm and danced through his mud
  as best I could. I begged the swine lord for passage through his lands and
  he agreed for the price of a hand job.  
The king of pigs sure did like his hand jobs, he also like it when I would
  lie down beside his massive girth and take his royal member into my mouth.
  We both loved the sound I made as I tried to contain his runny fluids in my
  mouth, the inevitable gasps as I would fail and my face and breast would be
  drenched in his noble sperm, and I think he especially like the way I smelled
  after the vile act. I think I most of all liked the way the filth clung to
  my delicate milky flesh like a second skin or perhaps the way my hair felt
  mixed in with the pig realms disgust.  
After thanking the pig lord for another marvelous visit, visits that had
  been growing in regularity I leapt over the fence on the other side of his
  4 by 6 meter realm, my shoes and feet bore witness to my stint in pig land,
  also the smell.  
Now I could see the horse awake, alert and watching me. Like he had been
  awaiting my arrival. Imagining his tall brown frame to be that of my dark and
  charming prince I curtsied as best I could in my skintight skirt.  
My knees and hands were already covered in muck as I dropped to all fours.
  When I looked into my princes deep eyes I though I saw distain, or perhaps
  pity. Perhaps he felt I had betrayed him with his swine neighbors or perhaps
  he deserved better than a slut like me.  
A slut. More and more I knew I was a slut. A virgin slut, too afraid to get
  close to a boy but more than eager to present herself to an equine prince.
  If only I could ride his rod in a hammock under his belly. Impossible. Too
  hard to set up, too painful and even with my constant masturbation I just knew
  I could never take that cock.  
My mouth was a different story. I had given lots of blowjobs, some even to
  people. Like the time a boy who shall remain nameless forced my mouth onto
  his cock in the back row of a cinema during a movie he dragged me too. He said
  I had to do it or he would never love me, at the time that was so fucking important
  so I did it. Its not like anyone saw it, if you don't count his two friends
  who were sitting next to us. I think the scumbag even made me pay for my own
  ticket, and ate most of my popcorn while I was retching up with semen in the
  toilet while I cried and called a cab.  
Still that was probably better than the first time I let boys into my life.
  I was having a sleepover with some friends, all boys, maybe 5 or 6 of them.
  My father knew but we were so young only 14 and they were major nerds. All
  we said we were going to do was play video games and my father believed it,
  he knew most of the boys well. Well perhaps to your surprise all we did was
  play video games until the wee hours on the morning when I, being as they would
  mock 'less hardcore', then fell asleep on the only couch.  
I don't know what happened next, we often pranked people who fell asleep.
  Fingers in water, cream on the hand perhaps a bad artistic rendition of male
  reproductive organs drawn in permanent pen on a cheek. Maybe its because the
  boys had been drinking beer provided by the most delinquent of them but they
  pranked me good.  
When I awoke they had all cum on my face and taken numerous pictures. There
  was even pictures of me that clearly displayed me wanking them off onto my
  face or taking them in my mouth. What friends. When I woke up and their 'prank'
  had sunk in I hated them forever. I hated them as they forced me to eat all
  the cum on my face. I hated them as they forced me to give them blowjobs for
  real, my first on man or beast. I hated that the only reason I probably kept
  my virginity was one of their parents arriving. Most of all though I will hate
  them forever because whenever I see them or think back to that morning I drip
  with anticipation for a dark and disturbed future.  
But the horse couldn't know that, even princes didn't know everything. So
  I whispered a plea of mercy and crawled forward shaking like a crack whore
  needing a fix. I was a whore but this was my fix filthy unthinkable animal
  love. The horse made more noise than I would have liked and shuffled around
  some as I presented myself to worship under his enormous dick. Not forgetting
  to set up my camera I got to work on his long dark shaft.  
The feeling of his balls being massages by my hands gave me such a feeling
  of power. And I only hoped the camera captured my animal lust as I rolled my
  eyes and licked his penis from tip to base. Not wanting to feel this power
  I forced my hands behind my back. If only there was a cruel tyrant to handcuff
  them there and force me onto the beasts member. There was only my dreams driving
  me on but they had grown for so long now that I was surely there slave.  
And so I kneeled there trying to take the horses head into my mouth as my
  hands worked my fuck spots. My tongue teased the horse's peehole as my hand
  thrust my black butt plug in and out of my petite rear.  
The work was getting me hot and I was closer than the horse to release I
  feared. Knowing I didn't deserve any pleasure I forced my hands back to my
  front, their new task was to rip open my school shirt in a flurry of buttons
  and to begin pinching my nipples.  
I had managed to get the cock head into my mouth and now using my whole body
  I worked it further into my, reveling in its smell and taste. Working harder
  on the important job I surrendered to need and brought forth one of my hands
  to help me guide the massive dick. My other hand crushed my breasts and twisted
  their nipples with pent up self-hatred as I managed to work the base of my
  plug further into my ass with the heel of one of my shoes.  
I gagged many times and coughed cups of juice all over me but we hadn't even
  reached the good parts the prince and I. My efforts finally rewarded a build
  up in my lord's penis. It was harder and I knew he was cumming. I opened my
  eyes wide and with tears in them I stared up at his noble belly as I crushed
  my mouth onto his cock and vowed to try and take as much of his semen as possible.
  My fantasies hadn't truly prepared me for the rush and after a short few mouthfuls
  of thick-wadded horse goo I was thrown from his cock. He didn't stop his assault
  and my bare breasts and face were covered by his flying spunk.  
I fell back onto my heels with one hand scraping horse cum into my mouth
  and another furiously pumping into my cunt and I exploded. Eventually I regained
  a sense of where I was and the smell of my nights adventure fouled in my nostrils.
  I still couldn't drop the guilt I felt after making love.  
With genuine tears of self-pity streaming down my cum ruined face I staggered
  home. My shoe betrayed me before I reached the fence and I had to carry the
  ruined footwear as I crawled on my belly through the hole out of wonderland.
  Now I was filthy, now I was a whore. My breasts and pussy and ass on display
  for all and a bucket off cum dripping slowly down to cover all my shame.  
I cried and stumbled my way home. A secret shower and I was asleep, ready
  for whatever importantly useless test society wanted the good little girl I
  was to take tomorrow. I knew I wouldn't need tests where I was going pornography,
  Internet bestiality videos perhaps if I was lucky I would end up some villains
  slave.  
An exhausted sleep, but one without dreams. When you live your
      dreams why dream them.   
For school the next day I found my knee length skirt my clean sensible shoes
  and a new shirt. I know there isn't anything in the school rules about comming
  to school in a shirt soaked in horse cum, but they wouldn't understand.  
I cleaned the cum off my teeth after breakfast and left for school looking
  the proper catholic schoolgirl. I met my friends and I always did and we walked
  to school while they would talk about things I couldn't give a fuck about.  
The test came; I passed it, stupid multiple-choice tests. And my life would
  go on.  
Except things changed. As I ate with my posh friends a boy walked up to us.
  A new boy in school. He was quite good looking but wasn't making and friends
  yet. He should be too scared to approach a gaggle of gorgeous girls in their
  lair.  
More surprising than his approach was his target, me. He smiled at the gathered
  girls and knelt next to my ear. My friends didn't hear what he said, but they
  did see him slip me a single piece of paper.  
They giggled like bitches as my face registered the sort of shock you could
  only be confronted with when confronted by someone who found a tape of you
  sucking a horse's cock. As the girls prepared this new ammunition in their
  cold war I discretely looked at the paper. It was a full color picture of me
  looking like an angel, a dirt covered, tear streaked, horse cum stained angel
  masturbating at the base of a steed.  
I was up and after the boy forgetting that as usual of late I had neglected
  panties for my less modest home made butt plug. Oh my god had any of my friends
  seen?  
I searched for the remainder of lunch but I couldn't find the new boy, whose
  name I couldn't even remember. Crying to death in the girl's bathroom during
  the last class of the day I pulled out the picture of me fully intent on masturbating
  to it and I noticed he had left his phone number at the bottom of the picture
  with the simple message.  
Call me!!!   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Dark Dreamer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





