BDSM Library - Puppy Heaven




Puppy Heaven
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A quiet night on patrol turns into an erotic adventure for one lucky trooper, when he stops a car full of girls, who just want to get home.Puppy Heaven  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
It was a hot spring night and I was on routine patrol. It was almost 2am
  and I was working my way back to town to get a bite to eat when an old Chevy
  flew past me. I thought I recognized the car, as I took off after it, (my pancakes
  would have to wait.)  
Foot to the floor, I caught up to it and hit the lights. I was a little surprised
  when it quickly pulled over. Now in my headlights, I could see clearly that
  it was Derek Smothers' car, alright. He was the local bad-ass, or so he thought.
  I suddenly had an uneasy feeling about this stop. I'd only had my shield for
  three years and knew that my backup was miles away.  
&quot;Derek would never just pull over, at least without a little chase first,&quot; I
  thought, again and again. Just in case, I unclipped my gun as I slowly approached
  the car's passenger side, so as to stay off the roadway. Using my flashlight
  to light up the car's interior, I quickly noticed that there were four occupants,
  two in the front, two in the back. I tapped on the half-opened passenger side
  window, carefully watching as the passenger rolled it all the way down.  
&quot;Keep your hands where I can see them!&quot; I commanded sternly.  
Taking a quick look around the car, the four passengers complied with my
  order. One thing I also quickly noticed is that they were all women. I felt
  a slight sense of relief, as I used my flashlight to light up the driver's
  face.  
&quot;Miss, would you turn on the interior light?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;I'm sorry Duffy, it doesn't work,&quot; the driver mumbled.  
&quot;That's Deputy Duffy!&quot; I quickly barked, thinking the voice was
  familiar. I slowly recognized the driver as Amanda Smothers -- Derek's younger
  sister. The whole Smothers family was well known around these parts, as they
  were always up to no good.  
&quot;Deputy Duffy.... More like Deputy Dog,&quot; I heard the front seat
  passenger mumble. Using my flashlight, I lit up the passenger in front of me.  
&quot;Ah, the lovely Angel Harding,&quot; I thought to myself, as the light
  lit up her hard features. &quot;What a piece of work she was.&quot;  
"Hey, enough of the light, asshole."  
Keeping my calm, I shifted my flashlight to the backseat. I lit up the two
  backseat passengers. Although they were good looking young women, I did not
  recognize them, so I turned my light and attention back to the driver.  
&quot;Amanda, are we in a hurry tonight?&quot; I asked.  
I almost chuckled, as I listened to her half-assed excuse. Honestly, I used
  the opportunity to check her out instead, since I hadn't seen her in awhile.
  Amanda had the classic girl-next-door looks, although, she didn't always act
  that way. I mean, everyone says she's cute, but to me, not shockingly so. She
  had nice light brown hair that was clipped back off her face. My eyes traveled
  south. She was wearing a tight sky blue shirt that hugged her body, making
  it very obvious to me that she wasn't wearing a bra. As my eyes continued south,
  she wore a short white skirt that didn't hide much of her nice tanned legs
  that were capped off with heeled clogs.  
&quot;Amanda, isn't this your brothers car?&quot; I asked, before Amanda
  caught my wandering eye.  
&quot;Yeah,&quot; she said looking at me, batting her pretty green eyes. "You
  know that."  
&quot;And does he know you have it tonight?&quot; I asked.  
After waiting for a minute or so for an answer, I added. &quot;I mean, he
  gave you permission to use it? I mean, if I give him a call and ask?&quot;  
&quot;Please don't,&quot; she pleaded, as more cries of leniency came from
  the backseat, which answered my question.  
&quot;Quiet!&quot; I barked, trying to regain control of the situation. &quot;I'm
  going to need to see all of your licenses, just so I know whom I'm dealing
  with.&quot;  
"Oh, fuck that!" Angel snapped.  
I repeated my request. I enjoyed watching them nervously fumble for their
  licenses, before I flashed my light at the first one. It was Angel Harding's
  license. Doing the math, she was 24-years-old, or so her license said.  
&quot;24.... Angel, c'mon, you can't be more than 19,&quot; I said with a
  laugh.  
&quot;Fuck you,&quot; was her quick reply.  
&quot;Watch your tongue!&quot; was my quicker reply, although, I should have
  excepted so much. Angel was a tough, biker-chick in the making, complete with
  the dirty blonde hair, large breasts and a mouth on her that would make a sailor
  blush. I was not surprised that Angel's outfit consisted of a black Harley
  shirt, cut down the neck, so her ample cleavage showed, as well as her rose
  tattoo that was just over her right breast. She also had on cutoff jeans and
  work boots. She also smelled of cigarettes.  
I turned my attention to the two foreign backseat passengers. The one closest
  to me was named Kim Stevens: Age 19. She had short brown hair and was by far
  the most conservatively dressed of the four girls. She wore a light blue blouse
  and full white pants. She even seemed to squirm when I used my flashlight to
  check her out. This was in sharp contrast to the lovely creature sitting next
  to her named, Farra Polensky: Age 20. She pointed out that she had no "H" at
  the end of her first name, like I cared. What I did care about was that Farra
  had nice blonde hair, which she wore in a ponytail, exposing her stunningly
  good looking face. I loved her sultry makeup job and the added touch of the
  purple glossy lipstick. She was wearing a tight fitting pink top that did little
  to hide her assets. She also wore a tight, tight, black skirt that was more
  like a wrap. When I lit her up, I could have sworn she opened her legs a little,
  exposing her small pink panties to me. I also loved how her well-tanned skin
  seemed to glisten under my light.  
Pulling myself away from the "hardon maker", I turned my attention to Amanda,
  who was 21 by her drivers license, but I knew that she just graduated from
  high school last year, so I figured I had a couple of altered driver licenses
  in my possession. I figured I'd let that go for now, instead, I had Amanda
  pull her car off the main road onto a side street that led to a closed dump.
  They weren't really happy but Amanda complied. (I still had their IDs.)  
&quot;Where we coming from tonight and you betta tell me the truth?&quot; I
  said in my best cop voice, when I was back at their car. "Or I'm going to search
  every inch of this car."  
After a bit of hesitation as everyone looked around the car, Amanda cleared
  her throat. &quot;We're coming from a party in town,&quot; Amanda mumbled. &quot;But
  I wasn't drinking,&quot; she quickly added.  
&quot;Oh, nice, like he's going to fucking believe that!&quot; Angel snarled,
  while punching Amanda. &quot;Nice fucking job.&quot;  
&quot;Don't touch her,&quot; Farra shouted from the back.  
&quot;Fuck off,&quot; was Angel's reply. &quot;You fucking whore,&quot; quickly
  followed.  
Trying to regain control of the situation, I screamed at them, but they just
  ignored me, as the verbal tirades continued. I knew it wasn't going to be easy
  dealing with this crew. I kept my composer the best I could.  
Proceeding to the back of the car, I looked at Kim, who was obviously embarrassed
  by the scene around her. I proceeded to ask her several questions, all that
  she answered after a bit of hesitation. It seemed the four of them where coming
  from a house party, everyone was drinking, except for Amanda, she swore. Everything
  was going fine until they walked in on Farra, who she said was "entertaining
  three young men."  
&quot;What do you mean when you say entertaining?&quot; I asked her several
  times.  
She just blushed and said, &quot;You know.&quot;  
I looked at Farra -- she just looked away. I enjoyed watching her squirm,
  since I kind of knew the answer anyways, but I had to keep asking. Angel, who
  must have been listening to Kim's story, as she was screaming at Farra, quickly
  joined in. &quot;She was blowing them, you fucking pervert!&quot;  
Amanda quickly chipped in with, &quot;And one of them was Angel's date, and
  one of them was my brother and the other one was one of his friends...I think.&quot;  
I was looking at Farra, who had a sly grin on her face and then she added. &quot;Angel's
  just mad because I got to them first. Plus, there were three of them and you
  know how convincing Derek can be. What else was I going to do?&quot;  
Angel quickly jumped in. &quot;Well; it looked like you were enjoying it
  to me!&quot; followed by a stream of obscenities that Farra was quickly returning.  
 &quot;Ok,&quot; I announced, starting to lose my cool, and before a catfight
  broke out. &quot;Looks like I'm going to have to call my father out here to
  lend me a hand.&quot;  
&quot;Call your fucking daddy!&quot; Angel quickly screamed.  
&quot;Wait!&quot; Amanda screamed louder, as I took out my handheld radio
  (that I had no intentions of using.)  
&quot;Please don't call the Sheriff,&quot; Amanda pleaded. &quot;We'll behave.&quot;  
Angel looked at me and then back at Amanda. &quot;His dad is the fucking
  sheriff?&quot;  
The two girls in the backseat leaned closer to Amanda, who I swore whispered, "Strip
  Search Duffy." When they sat back with a look of panic on their face, I could
  only assume my suspicions were correct. (Once again my father's reputation
  never ceases to amaze me.)  
&quot;Please Deputy.... We will be good,&quot; Amanda purred.  
&quot;Are we going to be good?&quot; I said, while pointing the flashlight
  in Angel's face, enjoying my newly acquired power, until she nodded.  
&quot;And no more fighting?&quot; I said, now lighting up Farra's face.  
&quot;Yes, we will behave...just tell us what you want us to do and we'll
  do it,&quot; Farra said, her voice trailing off.  
Angel spun around quickly, she wasn't happy. Amanda whispered something into
  Angel's ear that seemed to calm her down. I knew that they weren't hardened
  criminals, so I figured I could just let them go with a warning, after I had
  a little fun, of course.  
After a brief pause to let them settle down, I turned my flashlight to the
  roof over Angel's, who was now sitting back against her seat, head. I was looking
  in the window, my forehead resting against the top edge of the car's roof.
  I didn't know what was going to happen next, but my eyes couldn't help but
  notice Angel's ample cleavage, heaving just a foot away from me and they wanted
  to see more. She must have noticed my stare, because she gave me a dirty look.
  I just smiled back at her and tapped my badge. She looked around the car and
  it seemed like everyone was waiting for her to do or say something. Seemingly
  in a huff, Angel reached up and pulled her Harley shirt down off her shoulders,
  causing her bra-less, torpedoed like breasts, with huge brown nipples, to spring
  out.  
&quot;Is this what you were waiting for, huh, you want a little show?&quot; She
  hissed.  
After the initial shock, I was taking my time with my gaze. Enjoying the
  fact that I'm probably the last person in the world, she wanted to show her
  tits too. All while she looked at me, as if waiting for my answer.  
&quot;They're nice, a little big for my taste, but nice,&quot; I finally
  said, with a wide grin, which seemed to piss her off, even more. I looked around
  the car. "Ok, who is next?"  
The girls all traded looks. Nervous seconds ticked by.  
&quot;Mine are a little smaller and more natural looking,&quot; Farra suddenly
  cried out from the back seat. &quot;Don't you think?&quot;  
Farra took this opportunity to peel off her top. Predicting Angel's reaction
  to this, I used my flashlight and forearm to keep her from spinning around
  and killing the wise-cracking girl. This also lit up the back, as Farra was
  arching her back, pushing her very firm and perky breasts forwards. They were
  well tanned with nice shinny nipples, which she started teasing with her fingers.
  For the next several minutes, all eyes were on the show Farra was putting on.  
"Next," I managed, although I could have watched her forever.  
&quot;C'mon, Amanda, yours are better, show'em...go ahead!&quot; Angel gushed.  
&quot;They aren't that nice,&quot; Amanda said, pointing at Farra, who was
  still caressing her lovely breasts. I think she knew she had a tough act to
  follow.  
&quot;Fuck that whore!&quot; Angel barked, while turning to me. &quot;Those
  are still too big, aren't they?&quot;  
&quot;Maybe, a little,&quot; I mumbled (lying my fucking ass off), while
  again reluctantly turning the flashlight towards Amanda, while also noticing
  that the "hardon maker" had almost done her job.  
&quot;Oh god,&quot; Amanda whispered, as she slowly lifted her sky blue T-shirt
  over her head. &quot;I can't believe we're doing this.&quot;  
 I had to concur with her last statement.  
&quot;Nice, huh?&quot; Angel whispered to me. &quot;They're a nice firm B
  cup, but just look at those nipples, so nice and perky. They're always hard
  like that. They look like they want to shoot off her chest, they just beg for
  a good sucking.&quot;  
&quot;Angel!&quot; Amanda gasped at her friend's description of her breasts,
  while I again concurred. I did the best I could to keep my poker face, something
  my father taught me. Never let them know what you are thinking or feeling,
  but inside I was jumping up and down little a little boy who got a new bike
  for Christmas. I was in Puppy Heaven.  
I switched the light roaming back and forth between the three girls, who
  did their best to show their assets, when it became their turn. Finally my
  light came to rest on Kim. I didn't think she would go for it and frankly I
  didn't care if she did or didn't.  
Angel looked over her shoulder at Kim and then back to me. &quot;That'll
  never work, plus I don't think she has any tits.&quot;  
&quot;C'mon Angel, be nice,&quot; Amanda huffed. &quot;She's just a little
  shy.&quot;  
&quot;Frigid is more like it,&quot; Angel added, which was followed by a
  slap on the side of her head, from Kim. I again used my flashlight to keep
  Angel in place.  
&quot;Hey, she's doing it,&quot; Farra said excitingly from the backseat.  
Returning my light to the back, I saw Kim slowly unbuttoning the buttons
  on her blouse. She looked around the car before peeling back her blouse, revealing
  a white silky bra. Her face was flushed and her hands trembled slightly, as
  she unsnapped the front latch of her bra and slowly open the two-half's. Her
  breasts were definitely the smallest of the group, but they were well proportioned.
  She had almost no areolae, but she had two long pink nipples that compared
  with her white, almost transparent skin, gave her quite an exotic look.  
Amanda was the first to comment. &quot;Oh, Kim, those are nice!&quot;  
Farra added "not bad" as she reached over and flicked Kim's long nipple,
  causing Kim to fold her arms over her breasts.  
&quot;I didn't think she had it in her,&quot; Angel said with a laugh.  
Amanda leaned over and purred, "Can we go now deputy, sir?"  
&quot;Well, that was fun,&quot; I said sarcastically, not wanting them to
  know how much I enjoyed their show. I also wanted to see just how far they
  were willing to go with their little game. I shook my head. "But I don't think
  so." (I also wasn't buying the "deputy, sir" shit.)  
Amanda sunk back in her seat, hand to the face, probably realizing I wasn't
  going to be that easy.  
&quot;Not impressed, eh, big boy?&quot; Farra's sexy voice came from the
  back. &quot;Well, maybe this is more like it, eh?&quot;  
Farra spun around, she flipped up her short wrap, and then she began tugging
  down her small thong panties, right down to her knees, which were resting on
  the car's bench seat. Feeling the heat from my light, she waged her ass back
  and forth, while looking back over her shoulder. She was also licking a finger
  with her purple lips.  
&quot;Geez...put your eyes back in your head!&quot; Angel snapped. &quot;You
  want to see some ass? Well, this is an ass!&quot;  
With that comment, she leaned over and grabbed Amanda by the waist and despite
  Amanda's protests, she quickly had her in place. Amanda's knees rested on the
  bench seat, her ass turned in my direction, her head resting out the open driver's
  side window. Angel grabbed the bottom of Amanda's skirt and lifted it up and
  tucked it into the waistband. My eyes and light, turning to the front again.  
&quot;Amanda, you dirty girl,&quot; Angel teased, as her hand massaged Amanda's
  naked ass, as she didn't wear panties. Amanda had some reply about it being
  hot or something, but I was too mesmerized to really hear what was being said
  right then. What I did notice was that my flashlight was getting a little dimmer.  
&quot;Oh, fuck...please batteries hold up...for the love of god.&quot; Cursing
  the lord and myself for not changing them more often.  
I was torn as to what to watch. The scene in the backseat: Farra had turned
  over and had one leg on the seat in front of her, which exposed her fine pussy,
  lightly covered by fine blonde pubic hair. She was running her small fingers
  over her lightly covered pussy lips, while letting out sexy moans of pleasure.
  In the front seat: Angel was giving Amanda's firm backside a thorough going
  over. Each girl seemed to be trying to "one up" each other, every time I shifted
  my light between the front and the backseat.  
"I'm getting bored," I announced, as convincingly as I could.  
&quot;Well, check this out Deputy Do.... Duffy, I did it this morning,&quot; Angel
  said, as she spread Amanda's ass cheeks apart, revealing her shaved pussy to
  my eyes.  
&quot;Look at how pink it is,&quot; Angel continued. &quot;So pretty, bet
  you would love to able to do this,&quot; she added, and then she leaned forward
  and ran her tongue along Amanda's pussy, causing Amanda's body to shake.  
&quot;Angel, not here!&quot; Amanda moaned, but Angel picked up the pace. &quot;Oh
  god, Angel.... Owww, not there, too.&quot;  
&quot;Hey, no fair, that's cheating, guys always go for that lezbo shit,&quot; Farra
  chirped up from the back.  
&quot;Kim, we can beat those guys,&quot; Farra pleaded.  
Kim, who had put her top back on, just gave her a disgusting look and opened
  the back door, just as my light went dead.  
&quot;Ah, the fucking batteries,&quot; I cursed.  
I didn't know what to expect next, as Kim turned to me and rested a hand
  on my shoulder as she spoke. &quot;Sir, can you please take me home? I really
  can't deal with all this girl/girl stuff, plus they'll be going at it all night
  now.&quot;  
&quot;Ok, just tell me where you live and I'll drop you off,&quot; I said,
  although I was still a little bummed that the show was over and what I was
  really thinking was, &quot;Fucking batteries, if I ever see that fucking bunny!&quot;  
Kim suddenly leaned forward and gave me a light kiss on the cheek. It surprised
  the hell out of me.  
&quot;Not my home, yours silly,&quot; she purred.  
&quot;I think I can do that,&quot; I added quickly, surprised that the shy
  Kim would be so forward. "Gotta love college chicks."  
&quot;And I think I can do something with that,&quot; she whispered, as she
  ran her hand over my erection, that I had sported for sometime now.  
&quot;Ok, maybe she's not that shy after all,&quot; I thought, with a chuckle.  
I led her hand and hand back to my patrol car. I opened the door for her
  and she slid by, as she did this I spun her around and quickly handcuffed her
  hands behind her back.  
&quot;What are you doing this for?&quot; Kim screamed over and over.  
&quot;Just relax,&quot; I whispered into her ear, as I sat her in the front
  seat. &quot;We have all night to fuck. In fact, I have tomorrow off, but now
  you'll just have to be patient.&quot; I buckled her in, she wasn't happy.  
I started up my patrol car and turned on my spotlight, aiming it at the back
  of Derek's car. I locked my gun-belt in my trunk and rushed back to the Chevy.  
&quot;As much as I was looking forward to fucking Kim, like a human fuck
  toy, I wasn't just going to leave three girls in heat,&quot; my brain screamed. &quot;Plus,
  I still had their IDs in my shirt pocket.&quot;  
I opened the backdoor and quickly slid in, taking Kim's spot in the car.
  I noticed that the girls had fixed their clothing. They all wore surprised
  looks on the face, as their eyes focused on me.  
&quot;What, I leave and the party stops?&quot; I said with a laugh.  
&quot;We just thought, I mean, we gave you a good show,&quot; Amanda muttered. &quot;And
  you let us go.&quot;  
"Yeah, get the fuck out of here," Angel barked.  
&quot;Yes, you did, but you're not going to get a guy all excited and then
  run off,&quot; I said and then I unsnapped my pants.  
&quot;What are you doing?&quot; All three of them seem to ask simultaneously.  
"Anything I want." I ran my hand over Farra's shoulder and then over her
  great tits that I had admired so much earlier. She trembled under my touch.
  I pulled off her top. "You my dear can start by sucking my dick!"  
&quot;No way Farra, don't do it,&quot; Angel barked. "He's a pig."  
"Yeah, please, we were just teasing you," Farra pleaded.  
I twisted her nipple. "We'll, now it's time to please me."  
I twisted Farra's nipple harder, until she cried out and nodded her head. "I
  will, I will."  
After a few seconds of hesitation, Farra helped me slide my uniform pants
  down, my erection poking free from my boxers. My dick felt so hot, I fully
  excepted to see steam coming off it, as Farra's lips made contact. She hesitated
  for another moment, as the other girls told her not too, before putting it
  in her warm mouth.  
&quot;As for you two,&quot; I said, turning my attention to the wide-eyed
  front passengers.  
&quot;No way, I'm sucking your dick too!&quot; Angel barked.  
&quot;You'll do what the fuck I tell you too!&quot; I shot back louder.  
&quot;Why should we? I mean your getting your blowjob from the queen."  
Boy was I, Farra was now bouncing her head up and down, her tongue wrapping
  and swirling around my dick. She was even better than I thought she would be.
  I took out their IDs from my pocket.  
&quot;I still have these, you know, doctoring driver's licenses is a serious
  offense,&quot; I said playing my trump card. &quot;Plus, I'm the law, and Angel
  you should really learn to show the law a little more respect.&quot;  
Angel responded by giving me the finger. I should have figured that would
  be her response, but I couldn't get mad at her with Farra's lips wrapped around
  my cock. Amanda quickly swatted Angel's hand.  
&quot;Well, I mean, what do you want?&quot; Amanda asked nervously.  
With Farra increasing the speed and tempo of her blowjob, it was a little
  hard to think clearly at that point.  
&quot;Well, for starters, get out of them clothes and throw them back here.&quot; I
  managed.  
"No way!" They both shouted. "Yeah, not again."  
"Do it or I'm taking you down to the station," I barked, and then I patted
  Farra on the head. "But, not you honey. You're doing just fine."  
&quot;What...What if a car comes by?&quot; Amanda sputtered.  
&quot;A car on this road.... There hasn't been one yet, plus at this time
  of night, I think we're safe,&quot; I responded. (I wondered why they think
  I made them pull onto this road in the first place? I also thought it strange
  that they never asked about Kim.)  
Grabbing Farra's ponytail, I slowed down her tempo. I figured she was trying
  to get me off as quick as possible, and she was doing a good job of it. I watched
  as Amanda and Angel slowly removed their clothes, the spotlight doing a good
  job of lighting up the car's interior. I was none to surprised that Angel's
  clothes slammed into my chest.  
&quot;Well, now that we're a little more comfortable. I must say Angel you
  did a good job licking Amanda's pussy, so Amanda, let's see yah return the
  favor."  
&quot;That's it, we can do that, but no cock sucking.&quot; Angel said with
  a snarl.  
Angel got into the same position that Amanda was in earlier, only on her
  side. Amanda was looking at Angel's ass staring her right in the face. She
  flashed me a concerned look.  
&quot;C'mon Amanda, I'm sure you've done it before,&quot; I said.  
She shook her head back and forth. &quot;Angel usually just does stuff to
  me. I mean, I like guys. I mean, can't I just suck your cock, too?&quot;  
Hearing her say this almost made me cum in Farra's mouth. I had to stop Farra
  by pulling up on her ponytail.  
&quot;Amanda, just do what he says,&quot; Angel said.  
I didn't like the smile on Angel's face, so I added. "That's right, do what
  I say, lick her pussy, make her good and wet for me, so I can fuck her."  
Angel's head snapped around, looking at me in the eyes, her smile now gone,
  but she remained silent, probably because Amanda finally went to work. I had
  Farra strip off the panties and then climb over me. It was indeed time for
  some fucking. I also wanted to get a better view of Amanda's pussy licking.
  I got Farra into position, one knee on the bench seat the other on the floor,
  her chest pressed to the seat. This gave me a clear shot at her pussy. I slowly
  entered her pussy from behind trying to find a good position. I grabbed the
  headrest in front of me and this left my head resting right next to Amanda's.
  I watched as her tongue ran along Angel's hairless slit. Angel was moaning
  out orders of direction. Farra on the other hand, didn't need instruction,
  she was thrusting her hips back and forth, effectively fucking me. This young
  woman was already a pro cock-grinder.  
&quot;Yes, Amanda, eat my pussy,&quot; Angel cried out from time to time.  
After a few minutes of this, I had Amanda stop. I loved how her face glistened
  with pussy juice.  
&quot;I want you to taste Farra's pussy, too.&quot; I moaned, and I grabbed
  Amanda by the hair and pulled her half over the front seat. Bringing her face
  down to my cock. She pleaded at first, but was soon slurping away, like a pro
  cock-sucker. I helped Amanda back into the front seat, as I had another idea.  
&quot;Amanda, spread her pussy lips with your fingers,&quot; I ordered.  
I watched as she obediently spread Angel's pussy open. It was silky bright
  red. Her musky smell filled the air.  
&quot;Now use your fingers on her,&quot; I ordered, as Farra's pussy had
  found my cock again, she continued her grinding, soft moans escaping from her
  lips. I watched Amanda fingered her friend's pussy. I had Amanda use more fingers,
  until she had all four in Angel's pussy. She tried, per my request, but just
  couldn't get her whole hand in her pussy, so it was time for another plan.
  I had Amanda spit on Angel's anus next, and lick her other index finger. She
  had a horrific look on her face, as she had to know what was coming next. Surprisingly,
  Angel offered no protests, even as Amanda's finger plunged into her asshole.
  She just cried out louder and louder, as Amanda began finger fucking both her
  holes. It was pretty cool.  
Farra's tight pussy was doing its magic at this point. I just couldn't hold
  out any longer. I gripped the headrest even tighter, as a blast of cum erupted
  from my dick deep into Farra's pussy. She seemed to use her inner muscles to
  milk out my cum. I grabbed Farra by the hair and had her spin around and use
  her mouth to milk out the rest, you know, just to be sure. I heard loud cries
  coming from Angel. I figured I would let her cum at this point, so she might
  be a little more cooperative, as she still had some work to do.  
I ordered the girls out of the car, after a brief rest, in which Farra cleaned
  her pussy with some napkins and Amanda her hands. They all were a little hesitant,
  being naked in all, but finally complied. I had all three of them lean over
  the front hood. What a site they presented. I only wish I had the squad car
  with the dash camera. I spent some time fingering each one of their pussies,
  giving each one of them a good going over, especially Angel's pussy. My dick
  was coming back to life, so I had Amanda, with the help of a handful of hair,
  use her mouth on it, while I fingered the other two. When my cock was fully
  hard, I had Amanda bend back over the hood and did some doggie style fucking.
  I moved in back of Angel and she quickly spun around and spat at me, "Fucking
  pig!"  
My emotions finally got the best of me and I hauled off and slugged her.
  I spun her around and slammed her over the hood. I was done playing. I kicked
  her feet apart and slammed into her, she screamed out. The other girls were
  whimpering. (I felt bad, but if they only cooperated.) After a few more strokes,
  I could tell by the tight grip that it wasn't her pussy I was fucking. I didn't
  care. I wiped her spit off my face as if looking for the reason.  
I moved over and grabbed Amanda by the hair and pulled her to her knees.
  I didn't give her time to think, before I thrust my cock into her mouth. I
  used her hair to fuck her face until I thought she had enough. When I let go
  she quickly spit up onto the ground.  
"God, you were in her ass."  
"Who do you girls think you're playing with!" I shouted into air. I pulled
  Amanda up by the feet and tossed her onto the hood. I pulled Farra over by
  the arm. "Lick her pussy, now."  
She followed orders and I kicked her feet apart and started fucking her while
  she did.  
"You're all going to get some" I announced, "But if you're good, I'll stay
  out of your ass."  
They didn't even fight me anymore, even Angel. Every time I would get to
  close to coming, I would switch up and change partners. I made sure I fucked
  each one of them and that they had a chance to eat each other out. I lost track
  of time, as I was fucking for a while now, my uniform shirt, absolutely soaked
  with perspiration. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I had the three
  girls squat down, shoulder to shoulder. Amanda in the middle, Farra and Angel
  on her sides. The three girls seemed to know what was coming next and none
  of them seemed too happy about it. I gripped Amanda's soft hair and began fucking
  her mouth. I pulled out of her mouth, just as a spurt of cum escaped from my
  cock, hitting Amanda right in the right eye. A second shot quickly followed.
  I ordered the girls to stick out their tongues. When the three tongues touched,
  I ran my dripping cock over them, back and forth, making sure they all got
  a little cum. Farra once again used her skilled mouth to finish me off completely.
  Exhausted, I slumped over the hood.  
&quot;Can we go now?&quot; Amanda whimpered, wiping some of my cum from her
  face. I just nodded.  
I watched as they got dressed, trying to regain my composer and my strength.
  Farra was the first dressed, as she didn't wear much. She skipped over to me.  
&quot;God, that was something,&quot; she said as she approached, and then
  she added. &quot;You know, unlike them, I'll do just about anything for a man
  with a badge.&quot;  
I could only nod my head, as she had already proven that point. (I could
  still smell cum on her breath.)  
&quot;Are you going to fuck Kim later?&quot; She purred into my ear. (I almost
  forgot about Kim, myself.)  
&quot;What do you think?&quot; I mumbled.  
&quot;I think you are,&quot; she answered.  
&quot;Actually, she made the offer,&quot; I said.  
&quot;Really, maybe the whole show thing got her all fired up?"  
&quot;Maybe?&quot; I mumbled.  
She laughed. I was confused.  
"Oh, sorry," she offered. "Maybe she likes you too, but really, we need a
  place to stay for the weekend. We had a little fire at our place and it won't
  be ready until Monday."  
"Fire?"  
"Yeah, damn hair dryers. I mean, after what happened at the party, we shouldn't
  really stay at the Smothers' place. Never mind that Amanda stole Derek's car."  
"I see?" I said, while also remembering the story about the party, and she
  had a point. It also explained a lot.  
&quot;So, can I come with you, I mean come too?&quot; She asked, batting
  her eyes.  
&quot;Well, I don't know, I only have one bed." (I'm such an asshole.)  
&quot;Well, like I said, I'll do anything, or just about, that you say. Plus
  Kim's my college roommate and well, I've been trying to get in her pants for
  a year now, and I figured....&quot;  
&quot;That I'd hook you up,&quot; I interrupted her.  
&quot;Well, yeah. I couldn't help but notice that you like the girl - girl,
  thing. You could make us do stuff to each other, as you've already proved."  
&quot;Ah, you could say that, but what's in it for me?&quot; I teased.  
&quot;Well, me dummy,&quot; she said, as she leaned over and nibbled my ear. &quot;Your
  cock is awesome. No frat guy had ever fucked me like that. Plus, you can show
  Kim and I how to give YOU a tag-team blowjob, and more. Honestly, I love being
  bossed around and wanna see Kim, you know...?&quot;  
"I don't know," I said, enjoying the playful banter, even if she was laying
  it on pretty thick.  
"Please, oh, I'm only a sophomore. It doesn't have to be a onetime thing.
  I have other girlfriends, hotter then Kim."  
&quot;I see, yeah, I gu....&quot; Before I finished, Farra was jumping up
  and down, kissing me on the cheek.  
I led Farra back to my patrol car, hand and hand, stopping only to give Amanda
  and Angel their fake licensee's back and thanking them for a great evening.
  None to surprised that I got a "fuck you asshole" from Angel. Farra gave them
  a playful wave goodbye and then she gave them the finger. I also warned them
  that from now on, Farra was not to be messed with, while also reminding them
  that "this never happened."  
"I wish you had hit her harder," Farra whispered, as we made our way over
  to the squad car.  
As I opened the back door of the squad car, Farra leaned forward and purred
  into my ear, &quot;Interesting night, eh?&quot;  
&quot;Nope, just another night for good ole' Deputy Duffy.&quot; I said with
  a laugh, as I closed the door.  
And it wasn't over yet!  
The End  
STAY TUNED FOR MORE ADVENTURES from Deputy Duffy!  
Please post your feedback.  
Or  
Send your comments to me at: stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





