BDSM Library - Summer Fair




Summer Fair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Trine and Christina are going to the annual Summer Fair with their parents... and their mothers talk them into registering as meat like themself!
Summer Fair



Part I



"I really don't see the problem, dear!" sighed Mrs. Bremmer and looked at her
teenage daughter who continued to look sullen. Mrs. Bremmer was standing naked
in the kitchen and prepared a potato pie.

"The problem, mom... is that if you won't pay for my entrance to the fair, I
won't be able to come and all my friends from school will be there and...!" said
Trine and crossed her arms over her chest. Her firm tits stood out under her
T-shirt.

"Unless you go as meat like me!" explained her mother for the fifth time that
morning and smiled at her shy daughter "You know, you've got a great body and I
refuse to pay an expensive entrance fee for you just to let you hide it away!
It's not the right thing to do!"

"But mom... I'll be the only naked one from our class then!"

"Surely you won't!" replied her Mrs. Bremmer "I talked to Linda's and Maria's
mothers an hour ago and they are all going as meat ... mothers and daughters
alike!"

"Oh, really!" Trine hadn't expected that.

"Tell you what! Why don't you call Christina and ask her if she is going as meat
... it won't feel so lonely if you go with her! I know Mrs. Malcolm is
registering as meat herself!"

"I... I guess that would be... but what then if we're picked?" asked Trine.

"Come on, there will be lots of volunteers there, I bet they won't have to draw
anyone this year! Go on, call Christina and ask her!"



Trine picked up the phone and hesitantly called her friend.

"Hello Chris, it's me!" Trine didn't know how to ask her friend this, but that
problem solved itself.

"Hi Trine! I was just about to call you! Maria called me just before and said
she and three others are registering as meat today! So... I promised I would too
if you would!"

"Eh, sure!" said Trine, not mentioning that she had almost been forced to do so
by her mom.

"Cool! My mom is going that way too and ... are you naked already?" giggled
Christina.

"Uh, eh no! Not yet!" stuttered Trine.

"He he, I've been walking around butt bare all morning! I think dad really
enjoys it! He can't keep his hands off me or mom!"

"You mean ... he's touching you...!???" Trine was shocked!

"Well, it could be our last day so I guess I can't blame him!" snickered
Christina "Anyway, I'll see you at the fair in a few hours! Get naked and ready
for it, girlfriend!"

"Sure! See you!" said Trine and hung up.



"So, I guess she's going as meat as well!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and put the
potato pie in the oven. She had spilled a bit of cheese sauce on her left tit
and she dried it off with a towel. She had a great body for a 37 year old mother
of two, slim waist, firm B-size tits and a nice, round ass. Of course, she had
shaved her cunt for the occasion, as required.

"I guess!" sighed Trine "I should get ready too then, right?"

"Sure! You are shaved already, right?" asked her mom matter-of-fact'ly.

"Uh, yes!" answered Trine while blushing. Like the majority of girls her age she
kept her cunt shaved most of the time. She didn't know that her mother knew,
though.

"Good, then just undress and help me with the bread rolls!"

Trine hesitantly pulled her T-shirt and shorts off and unhooked her bra. She
blushed again as she rolled down her G-strings and was left all naked. It felt
weird to stand in her birthday suit in the middle of the morning in the kitchen,
talking to her just as naked mother.

"My my, you HAVE grown up, haven't you?" commented her mom as she went over to
help her with the bread rolls. Trine blushed again and looked down. She was slim
and endowed with a pair of large, C-cupped tits which stood out from her small
frame. The brown nipples hardened in the cool air.

"I'm sure you and Christina will turn a few heads today!" laughed Mrs. Bremmer
and started rolling the dough. Trine didn't comment but helped her in silence.
She had to admit that the thought of all those men and boys looking at her naked
body was exciting. She just hoped she wouldn't blush all the time.



"Hi girls, you look great!" said Mr. Bremmer suddenly as he entered the kitchen
from behind them. Trine hadn't heard him come in from the garden and looked
surprised. She turned around and immediately tried to cover her tits and cunt
with her flour-covered hands.

"Hey, don't batter yourself just yet!" laughed Mrs. Bremmer and removed Trine's
hands to wipe her breasts off with a towel.

"Yeah, there'll be time for that later!" smiled her dad and winked at her. He
walked over to her and grabbed one of her tits in his hand, just like that.
Trine was too flabbergasted to react at all and just looked at him.

"She's got some nice tit meat, dear!" Mr. Bremmer gently squeezed her tit and
felt her hard nipple with the thumb. The tickling sent shivers all the way down
Trine's spine. She didn't move but started to breathe a bit heavier.

Mrs. Bremmer nodded in agreement and also felt Trine's breasts briefly.

"Yes, well, I doubt she will need to volunteer ... I hear there is plenty of
meat to go around this year!" said Mrs. Bremmer and kissed her husband on the
cheek. They had both let go of Trine's tits now.

"Does that include your meat, sweetie?" asked Mr. Bremmer and grabbed his wife's
firm ass to drag her close to him. Mrs. Bremmer visibly rubbed her naked cunt
against the bulge in his pants.

"We'll see!" she smiled knowingly and he let her go again.

"Anyway, hurry up with the bread 'cause I'll want to get there before the
parking lots fill up completely!" said Mr. Bremmer and went into the bedroom to
change clothes.

"Mom, you're not seriously thinking about volunteering, are you?" asked Trine,
still in a state of shock after their fondling of her tits. She had been
unexpectedly excited about their blunt comments about her tits. There was
something strangely erotic about being referred to as meat.

"I'm not sure!" smiled her mother and put another bread roll on the plate "I
know some who are going to volunteer today, but I haven't quite made up my mind
yet! How about yourself, dear? It would be a nice surprise for you dad!"

"ME??? Are you crazy...?" laughed Trine but was excited about the thought it all
the same. Her mother looked her in the eyes and grinned. Trine blushed ...
again!

"Let's wait and see what happens, shall we?" smiled her mother and finished the
last roll. Just then, Mr. Bremmer called his wife from the bedroom.

"I'll be back in half an hour or so!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and winked at Trine
before she left for the bedroom. Trine put the bread rolls in the oven and took
the potato pie out. As she put it on the stove for cooling she didn't fail to
hear her mother's panting screams from the bedroom. The door wasn't closed and
Trine quickly sneaked a peak into her parents' room. Her mother was bending over
the bedside, head down in the sheets. Her dad stood behind her, held her arms
tight together on her back and banged her in the ass... at least Trine thought
it looked like the ass but she quickly turned away and sneaked back into the
kitchen before she could be sure. Leaning against the fridge, she felt her heart
hammering away with fear and excitement. Her hand gently explored her shaven
cunt and she was surprised at how wet she was. It only took her a minute to
orgasm, standing there alone in the kitchen and listening to her parents'
lovemaking two rooms away. She sank down the side of the fridge and let her body
slump on the kitchen floor. Even just after the orgasm she could not believe how
horny she was. Suddenly, her mother came back into the kitchen.

"Trine, go and get your brother and tell him we're leaving in five minutes!"
said Mrs. Bremmer as she stepped over her daughter's legs. Trine stumbled to her
feet and noticed the cream running down her mother's inner thighs from her ass.

"Uh, eh, okay!" said Trine. She had almost forgotten that Brent, her two year
older brother, was home as well. However, she didn't need to get him from his
room. He was already standing in the doorway to the dining room with a large
grin on his face.

"Nice show, sis!" he laughed and gave her body a good look. Trine's face went
red again. He had obviously been standing there while she pleased herself just
before.

"Now, Brent! Be nice to your sister!" said their mother and packed the pie and
the finished bread rolls into a picnic basket. She also dried her thighs with a
tea towel.

"It looks like we are all ready to go then!" said Mr. Bremmer as he emerged from
the bedroom. He was dressed in his shorts and polo-shirt.

"Yep, two pieces of meat and two hungry fellars!" laughed Brent, grabbed his
mother's and Trine's asses with both hands and squeezed them hard. Mrs. Bremmer
just laughed while Trine squeaked and ran to her dad. He gave her a big grin and
clapped her bum lovingly.

"Let's get over there! Everybody to the car!" he laughed and ushered the two
girls out of the door.




Part II



"Wouw, its big this year!" commented Brent as they got out of the car. They had
been looking for a parking space for ten minutes and ended up quite far away
from the fair entrance. It was a hot day and the sun warmed Trine's skin as she
too got out. She was a bit annoyed already. Brent had felt her tits while they
shared the back seat and when she protested her mother had told her to let him
do it ... you're just meat now! she insisted and her father had just nodded.
Brent had laughed and squeezed her tits real hard until her mother had finally
told him to let go... or you'll bruise the meat! as she put it.

"Let's get you two registered so we can go and have a cool drink inside!" said
Mr. Bremmer and led the way amongst the trees and cars. Dozens of other families
made their way in the same direction. Almost half of the girls and women were
naked like Trine and her mother which made Trine relax a bit. They finally
reached the main fair entrance which was very crowded. There were two lines of
people ... one for regular, paying guests and one for meat registration. The
second line was quite a sight, with more than a hundred stark naked women and
girls waiting impatiently for their turn. Everybody were smiling, laughing and
chatting excitedly. Husbands, fathers and boyfriends kissed their girls goodbye
before they joined the much shorter line to the regular entrance booths.

"Hey, there's Christina and her mom over there!" yelled Trine as she spotted her
friend and Mrs. Malcolm in the line of naked women.

"See you inside, hon!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and kissed her husband goodbye. She
and Trine walked over to Mrs. Malcolm and Christina in the line.

"Hello Liz!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and kissed Mrs. Malcolm on the cheek "Hi
Christina!"

"How are you, Helen?" asked Mrs. Malcolm while the girls said hello. The two
women behind them kindly let Trine and her mother get into the line with their
friends.

"Good thanks! Did you decide yet?" asked Mrs. Bremmer curiously.

"Mm-hm, yes! Well, Robert made the decision in the end!" she giggled.

"So???"

"So, I'll do it! I am volunteering! How about you?"

"Oh, this is so exciting! Eh, I haven't decided yet?" said Mrs. Bremmer "But I
guess if you do it, I should too!"

"I'm sure John would be delighted!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm "I know Robert is really
turned on by this ... he can't wait to see me on a plate!"

"Yeah, John did try to make me do it!"

The two women chattered along while they moved closer to the entrance. Trine and
Christina were also busy exchanging experiences from this morning.

"I can't believe your mom is volunteering!" said Trine. Christina laughed.

"Yeah, my dad talked her into it! He tried to get me to do it too!"

"I bet dad and Brent would like to see me on a spit too!" said Trine and rolled
her eyes.

"Did you get rammed today?" asked Christina suddenly.

"What ... by who would that be?"

"Well, Brent or your dad?" giggled Christina "Remember how I said my dad just
couldn't keep his hands off mom and me? Well, after I had talked to you he
suddenly dropped his pants and asked my mom for a blowjob ... right there in the
kitchen!"

"And...?" Trine was getting curious.

"And she did, while I watched! But before he came he suddenly pulled out of her
mouth and flipped me onto the kitchen table... on my tummy! Then he just banged
me right there!"

"My God! What did your mom do?"

"Nothing! She just licked him clean after he had creamed in me!" she giggled
again.

"Jeez! That's really... HEY what are they doing?" said Trine suddenly and
pointed towards the front end of the line. Two men in white aprons were tying
the girls' and women's' hands together behind their backs using white plastic
strips.

"Sorry ma'm, it is a requirement from OHSA to do this prior to registration!"
said one of the men politely as he tied Mrs. Malcolm's hands. She smiled back at
him and let him do his job. The girls shrugged as the other man did them too and
moved down the line. Suddenly they felt much more like pieces of meat.

"Names and ages, please!" asked one of the women by the registration table at
the end of the line. Mrs. Bremmer and Trine registered first but waited for
Christina and her mom before they proceeded into the tent behind the table.
Inside, a dozen or so men and women in white aprons worked with grading the
meat. One of them came towards the four.

"Hi Trine! Hi Christina! Hello Ma'm!" smiled the young boy. Trine and Christina
froze.

"Oh, hello Jimmy! Are you helping your father with his business today?" asked
Mrs. Bremmer. It was Trine's and Christina's classmate, Jimmy, whose father had
a meat shop down at the mall. How could this possibly get more embarrassing,
thought Trine and blushed ... much against her will.

"Yes, this is the busiest day of the year!" smiled Jimmy and pointed behind him
"We've got to grade over a thousand girls today and then butcher
I-don't-know-how-many later!"

"Well, it is kind of you to help him out!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm and looked at
Christina who was beyond shame.

"Anyway, please follow me so we can get you graded!" said Jimmy and led them
over to a meat scale.

"Do we just step up here?" asked Mrs. Malcolm and pointed at the scale.

"Hold on, ma'm, I need to tag you all first!" said Jimmy and picked up a
piercing gun. He loaded four plastic tags into a 'magazine', then pulled out
Mrs. Malcolm's left cunt lip and fired the gas-driven gun.

"Yiow... thanks Jimmy!" said Mrs. Malcolm. She and the others looked intensely
at the plastic band which now pierced her cunt lip... with the plastic tag
hanging against her thigh. He quickly tagged the other three. Trine and
Christina both complained a bit but Jimmy ignored their protests. He had
obviously tagged many meat girls that morning.

"Trine, step up please!" asked Jimmy and let Trine stand on the scale. He noted
her weight with a pen on the cunt tag and proceeded to weigh the others as well.
Then he grabbed Trine's arms and felt them hard.

"What are you doing?" she asked, a bit offended and pulled her arm back.

"I need to assess you meat quality! Please stand still!"

"Now, do as he says!" commanded Mrs. Bremmer. Trine sighed and let Jimmy
continue to feel her shoulders, prod her tits and squeeze her bottom. He felt
her thighs and calves and made more notes on the cunt tag.

"Now, squeeze my fingers as hard as you can!" he commanded and quickly slit two
fingers up into Trine's cunt. She was so wet that they slid in effortless. Trine
sighed deep but did as she was told and flexed her cunt muscles around his
fingers. Meanwhile, Jimmy estimated the thickness of her cunt fillet by pressing
his thumb on the outside against his fingers on the inside.

"Thanks, Trine! Christina, your turn!" said Jimmy and finished writing on
Trine's cunt tag. She noticed he put a big A in the red field. Trine watched in
curiosity as Jimmy processed Christina and their mothers. Christina, who seemed
to quite enjoy the grading process, was shorter than Trine and had a plumber
body, but still a nice waist. Her tits were very large, DD at least, but also
very firm. She got an A as well. Christina's mother was an older copy of her
daughter, with large, slightly sagging breasts and a larger ass. She was quite
good looking, though. Both their mothers got B's.

"That's it!" smiled Jimmy as he finished with Mrs. Bremmer "Now, before you go
can I ask if any of you would like to volunteer as meat?"

"Uhm, yes, I planned on doing that!" said Mrs. Malcolm and smiled timidly.

"That's good! You have a very meaty cunt filet and they are in desperate need of
that up at the kitchen area!" said Jimmy and made Mrs. Malcolm blush "Do you
mind if I assign your meat as volunteer already now?"

"Uh, I guess not?" said Mrs. Malcolm "But can't I just go up there and ask to be
... eh cooked?"

"Sure! But if you let me tag you now then it is final and you have officially
turned your body over to the fair grounds as meat!" explained Jimmy "We ask you
to do it because last year we had so many women who said they would volunteer
but then changed their minds when they reached the cooking area! This simply
helps us with ensuring a steady supply of meat!"

"I see! Well in that case just ... eh... commit me!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm. Jimmy
nodded and put an orange sticker on her cunt tag.

"There! That means that the cooking staff can call on your body at any time
during the day! Please be kind to do as they request!"

"Do I still... uhm... have a say in how I will be cooked?" asked Mrs. Malcolm.

"I am afraid we can't guarantee that! But the cooks will do their best to
accommodate any wishes, if it fits with their needs and time schedules!"

"Oh, okay! Thanks, I guess!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm.

"Anyone else want to volunteer? Girls? Mrs. Bremmer?" Jimmy looked at them and
held more orange stickers in his hand.

"Oh, very well! I'll go too, then!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and stepped forward.

"MOM...!!!" said Trine embarrassed while Jimmy attached the sticker to her tag.

"What dear? Your father will love it!" laughed Mrs. Bremmer and proudly
inspected her tag again in one hand, pulling her swollen cunt lip out a bit.

"Girls? What do you say?" smiled Jimmy "No more math lessons with Mrs. Lenders!"

"Thanks, but I'll take the math!" grinned Christina. Trine didn't even bother to
answer him. She couldn't believe what her mother had just done.

"Here, let me free your hands now before you go!" Jimmy held out a knife.

"Oh, yes please!" said Mrs. Malcolm. Jimmy cut them all four free with a knife.

"Please proceed out this way! Have a nice day!"

"Thanks Jimmy, we will!" said Mrs. Bremmer and followed the others out.




Part III



Outside in the sun, the girls stood a bit disoriented at first. They were let
out in the main gravel road which went up between the entertainment booths into
the fair grounds. Hundreds if not thousands of people leisurely walked around,
eating kebabs or ice-cream. As outside, many of them were naked girls and women.
All were tagged like them.

"Oh, there they are! Hello!" yelled Mrs. Malcolm and waved at the three boys.
They were each sipping a beer at a table in front of the nearby food stall.

"Hi girls! Come on over!" answered Mr. Bremmer. They sent Brent up for four
glasses of cool white wine for the girls and pulled a few chairs over. The two
women told excitedly about being processed and proudly showed the men their cunt
tags with the orange stickers on them.

"So, you went for it after all!" smiled Mr. Bremmer and kissed his wife deeply
while fondling her cunt tag under the table.

"I knew you would agree!" smiled his wife and spread her legs to allow his
fingers to continue to explore her future prime steak. Trine was a bit
embarrassed but the wine helped loosen up her and Christina after a while. Brent
had gone away with some of his friends from school to check out if they knew any
of the girls on the cooking spits further up the road. Before long, and on their
second glass of wine, all four girls were discussing how excited Mrs. Bremmer
and Mrs. Malcolm were about this.

"Isn't it kind of weird to be ... well, just a piece of meat?" giggled Christina
and sipped some more wine.

"It is! But also wonderfully thrilling!" laughed her mother and Mrs. Bremmer
agreed with a nod and a grin. Trine listened but was a bit distracted by a girl
around her own age being fucked from behind on the table next to theirs... by a
much older man.

"Say, John! You wouldn't mind me checking the quality of your wife's meat, would
you?" asked Mr. Malcolm suddenly and got up from his chair.

"Not at all!" laughed Trine's dad. Mr. Malcolm grabbed Mrs. Bremmer from behind,
literally threw her up on the table and nearly knocked down all the glasses.
Mrs. Bremmer yelped as he rammed her deep in her cunt in the first go. She did
try to smile while she was violently banged so the table shook. Meanwhile, as
Trine and Christina looked in shock, Mrs. Malcolm had climbed under the table
and was eagerly sucking Mr. Bremmer's cock to the root; her head bobbing up and
down at a fast pace.

"Let's get some more wine!" smiled Christina and they left their parents to
their own activities and headed for the bar. Drinks were free with the entrance
so the girls ordered a large Margarita each. As they were about to head back to
the table to see if their parents had finished, they ran into some familiar
faces.



"Hey, Chrissie! Hi Trine!"

It was Annie and Belinda from school. They were walking with Belinda's twin
sister, Joanne. All three were naked and tagged, of course.

"Hi girls! Having fun?" asked Christina and slurped some more drink.

"Oh yeah, we're just going to the hang-booth now to get some more!" laughed
Belinda.

"Yes, before we get picked!" added Annie.

"Wouw, you're ... meat girls!?" said Trine. Not before now had she noticed that
all three of them had orange stickers on their cunt tags.

"Sure! Why haven't you registered for it yet?" grinned Belinda "Chicken?"

"Uh, eh, no! We're just ... deciding!" smiled Christina "Can we go with you to
the...?"

"Hang booth? Sure, come along! It's great fun! Mom kicked for fifteen minutes
before she ... well, kicked it!" said Annie and ran along with the others.

As they passed the table where their parents had been they noticed that they had
gone. However, the girls agreed that they could find them later. Now they wanted
some fun.



"Welcome to the hang booth, ladies!" yelled the bearded man with the circus hat
through the loudspeaker. Some fifty people, most naked girls, were gathered
around his booth, which consisted of an elevated stage with five gallows hanging
down from a wooden beam over it. Three of the gallows were empty but the last
two were occupied by two young girls. They had the rope around their necks and
hands tied behind their backs. They were standing on a small platform, just wide
enough to keep their balance. Friends and family waved at them and they smiled
back.

"We still have three more openings for the next round, so please step forward my
brave maidens!" he continued to try to lure girls up on stage.

"So, what's the deal?" asked Christina and finished her drink. She was really a
bit tipsy by now.

"Its a competition!" said Annie, shaking her blonde hair aside "The platforms
start moving down at the same time and all the girls hang, and then the audience
can throw coins into the framed hole there in the panel in front of each girl!"

"Yeah, and the most entertaining girls get the most coins!" added Belinda and
jumped with excitement to make her soft, heavy tits bounce.

"...and???" Trine didn't understand. What would they use coins for when they
were hung?

"Well, the device keeps count on how much money each girl gets and when they get
a certain amount the platform is raised a bit before it starts lowering itself
again!" grinned Belinda and jumped again "That way, you can get stand on your
tiptoes for a minute and get some air before you start to kick again!"

"Yeah, and when the first two girls have finally kicked their last kick ... then
the remaining three are lowered down and free to go!" explained Christina, who
had just read the rules on the poster behind the funny hat-man.

"That's right! Now, who's going with me?" asked Belinda. Annie stepped right up
next to her. Joanne shook her head and said she'd rather not risk not getting to
cook alive.

"How 'bout it, girls?" teased Belinda "Don't be so boring!"

"Uh, okay, I'll go!" smiled Christina. Trine gasped.

"But ... your parents are not even here to throw coins in your slot and I
haven't got any, obviously!" stuttered Trine.

"I'll just have to act sexy then, won't I?" laughed Christina and went up the
man with the other two. Trine watched as they all had their hands tied behind
their backs and were led up on the platforms. Christina smiled at her as the man
put the rope over her head and tightened it.

"Don't forget to move your hips and shake the tits!" whispered Belinda to
Christina from her position right next to her "I could see that was what the
audience liked when Annie's mom was up here an hour ago... she just didn't do it
well enough!"

"Ladies and gentlemen... get your coins up and get readyyyy....GO!" yelled the
man and pulled a large handle in the stage floor. Immediately, the five
platforms started to move down ... not fast but at a steady pace. As the ropes
began to tighten, the girls stood, then jumped on their toes and finally they
all hung freely by the necks. The audience cheered and clapped as the girls
kicked and writhed their bodies wildly. Some began to throw coins and after two
minutes Belinda and one of the two young girls got a small break on their toe
tips. Trine yelled at Christina to shake her tits to get some attention. She was
already purple in the face and kicked desperately in all directions. She
couldn't hear Trine but remembered what Belinda had said and tried to move in a
sexier way.

It worked... after another minute she could rest for almost one minute on her
tiptoes and get fresh air. She was exhausted but also unbelievably excited. Even
as she lost contact with the platform again, she kept smiling and started
writhing her hips and shake her tits while she fought for air. The rope felt
rough against her neck. She almost gave up hope when she got another brief
breather. Then back to air dancing! This time she didn't have the strength to
shake her body as much as she would have liked too. Her vision began to blur...
slowly she felt her body go limp! Suddenly, she felt the platform come all the
way up and she could rest on her shaking legs. She gasped violently for air!

"We made it!" croaked Belinda next to her. Christina couldn't even get a word
out of her tortured throat. She just nodded while the man removed the rope from
her neck and helped her step down again. She looked behind her and saw Belinda
and one of the young girls standing there, both staring up at the gallows. As
she turned and looked the same direction, she almost orgasmed on the spot...
there, right next to each other and limp as dolls, hung Annie and the other
girl's friend. They were pale blue in the faces and had pissed themself.

"I guess it must be a family thing!" laughed Belinda, her voice already getting
better.

"I guess!" smiled Christina and had another long look at the two dead girls. She
couldn't believe that Annie was hanging up there, ready to be butchered in a
minute. She imagined her own limp body being taken down to the slaughterhouse
and cut up for steaks ... she almost shook with excitement.

"You were ... fantastic!!!" said Trine as they finally joined her again "That
looked so sexy!"

"It was!!!" giggled Christina and rubbed her neck. She and Belinda had deep, red
marks in the skin.

"So, are you up for it too?" asked Christina. Three fresh girls had already
taken position under the gallows.

"Uh no thanks!" said Trine and looked around her in the crowd "We really should
find the others before our moms are ... you know, snuffed!"

"Yeah, I guess you're right!" agreed Christina.

"I bet they're up in the main cooking area!" said Belinda who had been joined by
her sister again "You can come with us ... we're going there to get cooked now!"

"Okay, cool!" laughed Christina and they all four made their way through the
crowd past the gallows. The five new girls were already swinging high and the
mob cheered again.



Long before they reached the central fair grounds where most the outdoor
restaurants were, the smell of roasted meat was obvious. Trine wanted to stop
and look at a booth where girls stood in line to have their heads chopped off by
a man with an axe. She and the girls had a fascinating look at dozens of girls'
heads lying discarded in a plastic bin and their headless bodies strung up by
the feet on a long row behind the executioner.

"Hey, that's Maria from year two!" said Christina and reached down the bin to
pull Maria's head up by her red hair. She had a surprised look on her face and
her mouth formed a little half open smile in death. Her eyes stared blank past
Christina as she dumped the head back down on top of the other heads again.

"Uhm, excuse me!" Trine tried to get the attention of the last girl in line for
the block "Why are you doing this?"

"Oh, we're all tagged for meat and the fair grounds need a lot right now, with
all the people coming in, so we were pulled aside by some attendants a few
minutes ago!" smiled the girl and hugged her friend in front of her "Too bad we
won't get roasted alive, but they said they need a lot of parts meat for the
barbeques now!"

"I see, thanks!" said Trine.

"I guess we better get moving before Joanne and I get...!" whispered Belinda and
looked down on her orange sticker. Just then, a burly man in blue overalls lay
his hand on her shoulder and grabbed her tag with the other hand.

"You! Get in the line with the others! We need more meat!" commanded the man and
produced a plastic band which he tied around Belinda's hands in a second. Joanne
watched in shock, but was tied up right afterwards.

"But we were just on our way up to the...!"

"I know! I know! But we need cutlets now, so get moving!" He shoved Belinda and
Joanne over behind the girl they had just talked to. She gave Belinda an
apologetic smile.

"Sorry Belinda!" sighed Christina.

"It's ok! It is kind of cool to be beheaded, I guess!" smiled Belinda. Joanne
was a bit more disappointed, but accepted her destiny. The executioner was just
about to return to work after a short coffee break and Trine and Christina
decided to stay with the others and watch them get whacked. The axeman was huge,
even a bit on the fat side. He had a big beard and a ponytail and was anything
but sexy. But he was very good at what he did.

"Please hold still!" he told the first girl in the line of some thirty as she
knelt down in front of the wooden block. It was completely covered in blood from
his earlier victims. She obediently placed her neck in the grove and closed her
eyes hard.

"SsssSSCKK...! the axe came down full force and cleanly parted her head from her
body. The girl's headless body jumped back and fell down on its back where it
jerked around until some guys came and strung it up next to the dozen or so
other bodies to bleed. Her head was picked up by the blonde hair and thrown in
the bin.

"Jeez, he is effective!" commented Trine as the next girl, a brunette with large
tits, was already beheaded before the first girl's body was strung up. It only
took the executioner half an hour to get through all thirty girls and as soon as
Belinda and Joanne were done, Trine and Christina decided to make their way to
the cooking area. As they left, the burly attendants were already returning with
five new girls for beheading.




Part IV



They finally reached the central fair grounds. It was a large area where
open-air restaurants were preparing and serving girl meat in all thinkable ways.

"I hope we're not too late!" said Trine and looked around to try and catch a
glimpse of their families.

"Yeah, they did seem desperate for meat so perhaps they've already...!" sighed
Christina.

"Honey, we're over here!" It was the faint shouting voice of Trine's mom. The
girls walked in the direction of the sound but they couldn't see them for the
smoke from the barbeques to their right. Dozens of whole spitted girls turned
over the coals.

"Over here!" yelled the voice again. Closer this time. Trine turned and suddenly
spotted her mothers smiling face ... peeking up from a large pot with soup! She
shared the pot with two others; a young teenage girl and her mother.

"Hi mom! I guess you're soup!" smiled Trine and kissed her cheek. The water was
hot but not boiling yet.

"Yes, we only just entered this area before Liz and I were picked and assigned
to two different kitchens! I think they are running low on volunteers!"

"We noticed!" grinned Christina and told Mrs. Bremmer about her turn at the
gallows and how Belinda and Joanne lost their heads. Mrs. Bremmer laughed and
thought it was great that the girls had had such an exciting day.

"Anyway, where did my mom end up? Is she still...?" asked Christina.

"I'm not sure!" said Mrs. Bremmer "She was taken to an Asian place on the other
side of the barbeque pits so I haven't been able to see what happened! But your
fathers went with her instead of me so you can go and see if you can find them!"

"When do you think you're done?" asked Trine and watched the soup with great
curiosity.

"They are keeping us on a low fire for the time being!" smiled her mom "But as
soon as they serve those girls over there, they will turn up the heat and start
boiling us for real!"

She nodded over to the pot next to theirs where the water was boiling violently.
Three women's heads hung over the side, faces up, and their bodies bobbed up and
down in the hot broth. Trine watched in fascination as steam rose from the half
open mouths of the women. Their meat was a beautiful rose-red colour and it
smelled delicious.

"I'm sure you'll be great, mom!" smiled Trine and kissed her mother again "I'll
try to get back and see you boil in a little while!"

"That would be nice! Bye honey!" said Mrs. Bremmer and sank back down into the
broth again as she watched the girls leave between the roasting pits.



"My god! That must be hot!" commented Christina as they passed close between the
pits. The heat there was almost unbearable. The girls watched as cooks basted
the rotating girls with sauce. Some where clearly almost done and all golden
brown while others where fresh over the coals and writhed and squirmed on the
spits.

"In more than one way...!" giggled Trine and almost couldn't get her eyes off a
black haired teenage girl around her age who was just being carried over to the
pit by two men. Her hips moved up and down around the spit, almost as is she
fucked it. Her eyes looked glazed over with the after effects of the ultimate O.
She moaned as the heat from the flames under her hit her heavy tits. The men
started to baste her meat immediately.

"Hello girls!" Mr. Malcolm's voice sounded behind them all of a sudden. He was
holding two full glasses of beer and was also making his way between the pits
"Where have you been?"

"Oh, here and there!" smiled Christina "Where's mom?"

"I'm sorry, hon! You're too late to say goodbye! She has been in the oven over
there for more than an hour already and I think she's just about to be served!"

Christina looked in the direction her father pointed and saw three large
stone-ovens; wood fired pizza style ones. They went over there together and
quickly spotted Mrs. Malcolm. She was lying on her back, arms and legs trussed
up, next to another woman of her size and age. Their heads were sticking out of
the open oven and their bodies were roasting inside. Both had an apple in their
mouth and steam escaped between their lips and the red fruit.

"She was quite happy with her preparation!" said Mr. Malcolm as if to comfort
Christina a little "The other woman is Mrs. Little from her office and they
chatted and had fun all the way through the whole thing!"

"I'm sure they did!" sighed Christina. In the oven next to this, two teenage
girls had obviously just been slid in and were only beginning to roast now.
Christina went over and asked the blonde one:

"How is it? Does it feel nice?"

"Ouchhh .... ahhh... yess... hot, but great!" wheezed the girl and wriggled her
body as the heat prickled her skin "We only decided to go after ... uhh...
watching your mom and the other lady roast! They looked so happy!"

"You look great too!" smiled Christina.

"Thanks.... unghhh!!!" gasped the girl and turned to smile at her friend.



"Come on, girls! You can join us at the table over here!" suggested Mr. Malcolm
and nodded over towards a small restaurant area close to the roasting pits.
Trine saw her father sit there with some friends from his work.

"Hi dearest!" greeted Mr. Bremmer and kissed his daughters cheek. He grabbed one
of her tits as she leaned over the table to kiss him and squeezed it firmly "I
almost thought you had gone and had these roasted for me already!"

All the men around the table laughed heartedly. Trine just smiled and let him
fondle her without protesting.

"Do you know that mom is being cooked for soup over there?" asked Trine as she
and Christina sat down among the men.

"Really? No, I didn't go with her, but that's nice! She always liked a good
spa!" laughed her father and harvested some more laughter around the table.
Trine smiled too. Mr. Malcolm got some wine for the girls and they had fun
listening to the men tell stories about how they had enjoyed seeing their wives
and daughters being prepared. After a little while, one of the men's wife and
two teen daughters came over. They surprised the man, Thomas was his name, by
all having orange stickers on their tags.

"We've arranged to be prepared together in a wok over at the Thai kitchen on the
other side of the roasting pits in half an hour!" beamed the wife, a high slim
brunette. She held the shoulders of her small breasted petite daughters, whose
eyes gleamed in excitement.

"Well, that doesn't give you much time to please me a last time!" replied Thomas
and everybody laughed. His wife just shrugged her shoulders and climbed under
the table to blow him off.

"Why don't you girls share your skills as well!" commanded Thomas as his wife's
head started bobbing up and down over his dick. The men cheered as the girls a
little reluctant also climbed under the table and each grabbed a dick.

"Well, why should we not have any fun?" laughed Mr. Bremmer as he and Mr.
Malcolm were the only two not being serviced "Trine, show me if you're as clever
as your mom was at this!"

"But dad...!" protested Trine, but Christina was already on her way down between
her own dad's legs. Trine sighed and climbed down there. She found her dad's
hard rod and started to lick it carefully with the tip of her tongue. However,
he didn't have patience for that and quickly forced her head down over his dick
with a firm grip in her neck. Trine almost choked on it but soon found the
rhythm and started taking over. When he came a few minutes later she swallowed
every drop of cum ... and even licked his dick clean afterwards. She was so
unbelievingly horny! And every second she thought about the girl on the spit!

"Anyway, goodbye honey!" smiled Thomas' wife after all the girls had got up
again "Try to save some appetite for a little Asian cuisine later!"

"Bye sweetheart! Bye girls! Have fun!" sighed Thomas, a little out of air still
"I'll see if we have time to come and watch you after the next beer!"

The men laughed again as the three disappeared into the haze from the pits. More
beers were brought to the table and the girls were offered another glass of
wine. Christina chuckled as Trine wiped away some cum from her friend's chin.




Part V



"Trine, let's do it!" whispered Christina, out of the blue, as they sipped their
wine.

"What? You mean...!"

"Yes! I'm going to get an orange sticker right now and just walk among the
restaurants until I get picked!"

Trine giggled and found the thought incredibly arousing. Just walking, not
knowing when or how she would get cooked. She gave it one second's thought
before nodding eagerly.

"Dad!" smiled Christina and interrupted Mr. Malcolm's joke "We're going now ...
you'll probably not see us again except in a pot somewhere!"

"I see! Very well, honey! Do you want me to take you to some special
restaurant?"

"No, we'll take our chances and let ourself pick!"

"Are you sure, sweetheart?" asked Mr. Bremmer and looked at Trine. She just
smiled at him and nodded. He looked very proud and gave her a warm kiss before
they left.



"Uhm, hello! Two orange stickers, please!" demanded Christina when they reached
the little information booth by the Greek restaurant. The lady inside
immediately handed them two of the infamous stickers to put in by themself.

"This is it!" shuddered Christina as the girls sat down on a bench to put on
their stickers.

"I hope we at least get to walk a bit around before someone picks us!" said
Trine and attached her sticker next to the A on her tag. Then they go up and
started walking.

"Let's see if my mom is boiling now!" suggested Trine. The girls walked close
together between the roasting pits once again, trying to sneak peak if anyone of
the staff were watching them. Several pits were empty so they figured they would
need meat soon.

"Look, there she is!" said Trine and pointed towards her mother's soup pot. The
girls were still very much alive and the two women were chatting as they came
over to them. The other woman's daughter wasn't there anymore.

"Hi mom!" said Trine "Look! We're going too!"

"Oh sweetheart, how nice of you to come and tell me!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer. Trine
and Christina told her all about Mrs, Malcolm in the oven and how they had blown
their fathers just minutes ago.

"That was so sweet of you!" said Mrs. Bremmer "I'm sure he has had a great time
today!"

"What happened to the other girl ... was it your daughter?" asked Christina.

"Oh, the chef thought she was young and soft enough in the meat to boil
immediately to he put her over there among the other teens!" the lady pointed at
the neighbouring pot which now occupied as many as five teenagers. They were all
dead and boiling.

"Well, I think we'll continue our walk until we are picked!" smiled Trine and
looked a bit scared as one of the chefs who attended the pots eyed her for a
second.

"Sure! Good luck you two!" said Mrs. Bremmer and kissed her daughter goodbye
again. Just then, a cook in white apron approached the girls.

"Hello! Are you already booked for the pots?" asked the friendly looking man.

"Uh, eh, no I guess not...!" stuttered Trine. Christina smiled and shook her
head too.

"Good then! Follow me, we need some girls to serve Hor's Deuvre by the tables!"

They followed the man and were led to a small outdoor kitchenette where other
teenage girls were gathered, ten in total. Two Japanese male chefs were slicing
whole girl breasts into small strips and arranging them on decorative trays.
Another man came over with a plastic bucket full of fresh tits for them.

"Uh uh, I have a bed feeling!" whispered Trine and held her own tits tight in
both hands while watching the chefs slice through the soft meat.

"Listen up!" called the man "You girls will be given some of these delicatessens
and your task is to walk around the tables and offer them to our guests ...
simple as that! Now, please form a line here so we can give you the food!"

"Well, that doesn't sound too bad!" smiled Christina and started to relax again.

"Oh no? What do you call that, then?" asked Trine and pointed at the first girl
in the line. The two Japanese chefs had her lean over the table and rest her
large tits on the cutting board while they slowly skewered them with a thin
metal pin ... all the way through one from the side. Then they put on some
vegetables and cut tit meat before they pushed the skewer through the other tit
as well and out the side.

"Oh my God!" sighed Trine as the girl was made to stand up again. The chefs
decorated the top side of her breasts with small steel pins each holding a
combination of sliced tit meat and a vegetable. After a few minutes, the girl's
ample bosom held at least twenty pins with food. Before they sent her off, they
also planted a similar number on the top of her round bottom.

"Uhm, what happens when we run out of food then?" asked Trine as the man who had
picked them returned with two more girls.

"Well, you're still up for grabs by the other kitchens while you do your
rounds!" smiled the man and lifted up in Trine's right tit "Or if you're not
picked we will use these for the next serve of snacks!"

"I see, thanks!"

Christina stood before Trine in line and the chefs were able to fit quite a lot
of small pins into her DD tits after they were skewered. She whimpered a bit
before she was sent off. She was not allowed to wait for Trine first. Trine
watched in horror and fascination and the sharp skewer penetrated her soft meat.
It had the effect of lifting and extending the tits out from her body so they
could hold more small pins with snacks. As she was sent off Trine looked
spellbound at the strips of breast meat pinned down on her own tits. A few of
the strips were of whole nipples.

"Mmm, delicious, thank you!" were the comments she got from guests at the tables
as she walked around and offered her snacks with a smile. She could not find
Christina anywhere and decided to see how her mother was doing. She wanted to
show her the spectacular transformation of her tits into a serving tray.
However, she was too late. When she reached the pots three new women where
sitting there. On a table nearby, she found her mother's and the other woman's
decapitated heads, still steaming from their mouths. Their meat had been chopped
up for the soup by now.

"Hi again, Trine!"

It was Mr. Malcolm who went over and pulled a pin with a nipple out of her tit.
He chewed it slowly, enjoying the exquisite taste.

"Hello Mr. Malcolm! Have you seen Christina or my dad?"

"Yes, Christina was picked by the Greek restaurants just fifteen minutes ago and
your dad and I are going to eat dinner there soon!"

"I see!" Trine was almost jealous for Christina being picked without her.

"Come along and see!" said Mr. Malcolm and led the way through the roasting
pits. Trine spotted Christina at once when they got closer to the Greek tavern.
Her tits were still skewered as was her entire body. She was sitting upright
with a spit up her cunt and out of her mouth and slowly rotated while letting
the glowing oven behind her roast her meat. Trine got close and did not fail to
see that her ass was slowly and rhythmically fucking the spit. Her eyes were
half closed but she did wink once to Trine as her body slowly turned that way
for a few seconds.

"She was very happy to go this way, I can tell you that!" smiled Mr. Malcolm and
took another pin out of Trine's tit. He absentmindedly stuck the empty pin back
into Trine's soft tit meat, just above the right nipple. Trine winched a little
but tried to smile. After all, she was just meat now.

"I am sure she was...!" smiled Trine. Her dad wasn't here now so she decided to
continue her rounds. Her snacks were almost gone now and she was beginning to
fear that she would indeed end up having her tits chopped off by the Japanese
chefs. So when a man from the Thai restaurant finally approached her, she
willingly followed him to his part of the restaurant.

"Oh, hello!" said a familiar female voice when they reached the Thai corner.
Trine turned around and saw Thomas' wife sitting in a pot of noodle soup with
another woman.

"Eh, hi! I thought you and the girls went into a wok?" said Trine while a Thai
chef removed a few empty spits from her tits.

"We were supposed to but then he only really wanted their young meat in the wok
so I went in here instead! What are you going to be?"

"I actually don't know!" sighed Trine and looked at the Thai chef.

"You... spit roast!" said the man with a heavy accent. Trine lit up! Could it be
true? Would she finally get to make love to the spit? The chef pulled the skewer
out of her tits and ushered her over to a steel table. Trine saw the spit lying
on it and knew this was it. On a table next to hers two men just finished
spitting another young girl. They lifted her up and carried her away.

"I'll be with you in a minute!" thought Trine happily and leaned over the table
as instructed by the chef. She felt the cold tip ease its way in between her wet
cunt lips. Then deeper... much deeper! She bit her teeth together as the tip
penetrated her tissues and continued up her stomach, chest and finally her
throat. She gasped and gulped a few times ... then she felt it at the back of
her throat, as it passed her tongue and she watched in enthralment as the tip
continued out of her mouth. The hollow metal pole allowed her to breathe and she
found it surprisingly easy. There was pain, but it did not blind her from the
aroused feeling of being fucked the ultimate way. She felt her hands being tied
with wire behind her back and someone skewered her thighs together to keep her
legs close to the spit.

"Yess Yessss...!" she thought as the men lifted her spit past the other roasting
girls and lowered it onto a free coal pit. The soaring heat hit her tits with
full force and she wanted to scream, but of course, she couldn't. Then she felt
the soothing basting oil being poured over her skin and the pain from the heat
retreated. Slowly she began to move her hips and quickly brought herself to
orgasm. She could smell her own meat roasting and could see the girls flanking
her moving and twitching as well. This was happiness! This was truly what she
wanted. She just wished she could thank her mother for talking her into coming
as meat today! Ah well ... see you soon, mommy! See you soon!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





