BDSM Library - Unexpected Birthday Treat




Unexpected Birthday Treat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When she crashes into her neighbours car, Anna accepts a spanking from him as long as her husband can watch as a birthday treat.My Unexpected Birthday Present   
 It was my birthday, but I wasn't really happy. In fact the day was fast
  becoming a major letdown. When my wife Anna had asked me what I wanted for
  my birthday, I'd told her there wasn't any particular present I wanted or needed.
  Instead I had given her a 'wish list' of things I wanted her to do for me,
  starting with 'shave your pussy completely' and going down to things I knew
  she'd never do, such as have a threesome or let me watch her be spanked by
  another man. The last one was particularly unlikely, as she wouldn't even allow
  me to spank her, unless it was mild, as part of our foreplay.  
 Still, I hoped I might get her to do a couple of things on the list, even
  if it was just shaving her pussy and letting me fuck her in high heels. Instead,
  she'd bought me a watch and cooked me a nice meal! Now she was out getting
  a video, which I somehow doubted would be sexy, and she was taking her time
  about it. I was sulking.  
 Suddenly she burst through the door, looking pale and shaken. She gave me
  a nervous laugh and said 'I think I've just sorted you a birthday present.'
  Already she couldn't believe what she'd done. Nor could I as I listened to
  her breathless story.  
 It had started as she returned from the video shop, and had been parking
  her car. As she tried to reverse into a tight spot, she'd managed to scrape
  the side of the car belonging to a guy who lived opposite us. He was a bit
  of an old perv, who had made a couple of mildly suggestive comments to Anna
  in the past, so her initial temptation was to drive off and keep quiet. Her
  conscience, however, got the better of her, and as we were well covered by
  our insurance, she knocked on his door and told him what had happened.  
 He was not happy, and immediately began lecturing her. Anna was about to
  interrupt him, when he said 'Young women like you deserve a good spanking to
  keep you in line.' Anna told me that she immediately remembered the last request
  on my list, and instead of being disgusted (as she admitted she had been when
  she read the list) she felt a thrill of excitement. Thinking quickly she asked
  if they could go inside to discuss the matter further, then pretended that
  there had been a problem with the insurance. She told him we were having financial
  difficulties, and would struggle to pay for the repairs. When she asked him
  if there was any alternative, he had again suggested that she deserved a 'good
  hard spanking' and despite her brain telling her to pull out, she had 'reluctantly'
  agreed 'providing my husband can watch, to make sure I'm safe.'  
 The neighbour had not seemed at all put out by this request. 'I'm going
  to write some instructions for you and your husband' he told her, and had made
  her stand facing his living room wall. He pulled her long skirt up at the back,
  tucking it into her panties, which he had then pulled right up between her
  bum cheeks. Anna told me she had felt incredibly embarrassed as she felt him
  ogling her bare buttocks. He had then written some instructions, pulled her
  skirt back down (leaving the panties uncomfortably stretched into her crack)
  and sent her over the road to me.  
 To my credit, the first thing I told Anna was that she didn't have to go
  through with it. She wavered for a moment, but then said 'I'm mad, but it'll
  be an experience. You owe me big-time for this though.'  
 Nervously she opened the envelope and we read the instructions. I couldn't
  have done better myself; they were the work of a twisted genius! Ten minutes
  later we stood nervously in our hallway, waiting for the clock to strike nine
  o' clock. Anna was wearing a white blouse and no bra. She has pert breasts
  with large nipples, and these were already straining at the pale material.
  She wore the skimpiest black g-string, which failed to conceal her neatly trimmed
  bush, black hold up stockings and black stiletto's. There was no skirt, and
  thus attired, we were to walk over the road to our neighbour's house. Anna
  was really nervous that someone might see her.  
 The clock struck the hour and we emerged anxiously from the house. Fortunately,
  the street was empty, and although we were made to wait for what seemed an
  eternity outside his front door, within a minute we were standing in our neighbour's
  front room.  
 Mr Richards introduced himself. He was practically licking his lips at the
  sight of Anna standing blushing in front of him. I was invited to sit in a
  comfy chair, opposite a sofa, onto which Mr R eased himself. He was round faced
  and slightly overweight, but had a good head of grey hair. I imagined him to
  be in his mid sixties.  
 He told Anna to unbutton her blouse, and her breasts needed no further invitation
  to push forwards and expose themselves. She was ordered to pick up a sign from
  the floor and hang it around her neck. It read 'Careless Driver,' which (she
  later told me) really annoyed her. He made her put her hands behind her head,
  pulling her elbows back and thrusting her breasts forward.  
 We both drank in the sight. I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't
  dreaming. This was my twenty-nine year old, professional, independent wife
  standing there exposing herself to another man. Even more so when Mr R got
  up and pulled her g-string down to her ankles. Anna told me that at that moment
  she had never felt so humiliated in all her life.  
 She had however, agreed to be spanked, and the moment of truth finally arrived.
  Mr R beckoned her to remove the sign and bend over his lap. I had a marvellous
  view of her bare bottom, and also her embarrassed face as she gave me a mournful
  look. Mr R gently patted her legs apart, and without warning, inserted two
  fingers into a surprisingly moist vagina. Anna shrieked, and clamped her legs
  tightly together, but this just held his hand in place, and he wriggled his
  fingers inside her as she desperately tried to compose herself.  
 He smirked at me, then withdrew his had and began to spank Anna's bare bottom.
  He started slowly, applying firm slaps to each buttock until they began to
  redden. Anna was gasping, yelping occasionally and beginning to wriggle. After
  a minute or so Mr R began to pick up the pace and Anna started kicking her
  legs and crying out with each slap.  
 Despite a nagging worry that Anna would decide to call the whole thing off
  (we had agreed that if it became too much she would call out a safe word and
  we would tell Mr Richards to get lost) I was more aroused than I have ever
  been, my penis pushing at the zip of my jeans. Anna was being spanked on her
  bare bottom!  
 The pain built and built until she thought she could take no more and screamed
  for mercy. 'Please stop! I'm sorry I bumped your car!'  
 'Tell me you're a naughty little.' Mr R told her, continuing to spank.  
 'I'm a naughty little girl!' Anna cried.  
 'Who deserves a good hard spanking.'  
 'I'm a naughty little girl who deserves a good hard spanking' she shrieked.  
 He began to slow his pace. There were no tears, but Anna still yelped forlornly
  after each spank. As they became more infrequent, she became still, and even
  managed to give me a brave little smile. I smiled back and mouthed a silent
  'Thank You' to her.  
 We both knew from the instructions that there was more to come. Mr Richards
  had a proper punishment planned and Anna was going to take as much of it as
  she could.  
 'Stand up and face me' Mr R instructed. This gave me a perfect view of her
  bare bottom, which was glowing red. When satisfied, Mr R had her turn and present
  her buttocks to him. I saw her flinch as he stroked them.  
 Anna was now faced with another embarrassing walk across our road, this
  time with the blouse open and without even her g-string to preserve any modesty.
  We were to watch her from the window, and she was to change in our front room,
  with the curtains open and the lights on. We could of course see everything,
  as would anyone who happened to open his or her curtains.  
 Mr Richards had obviously been watching Anna lustfully for some time, as
  he knew exactly what he wanted her to wear. Anna scurried over to our house
  without meeting anyone, changed as quickly as she could (she was all fingers
  and thumbs) and emerged carrying her stiletto's, wearing only a pair of tan
  tights and some knee high, strappy brown suede boots. She was blushing terribly
  as she re-entered Mr R's house and later told me she couldn't stop thinking
  about how he must have been watching her in that outfit (with the addition
  of a skirt and top of course.)  
 He confirmed as much as she presented herself to him.  
 'My dear, I have often imagined you like this. You really are a sexy little
  madam.' He stroked the insides of her thighs, and told her sharply to get her
  hands away when she tried to stop him fondling her vagina. I could see how
  embarrassing Anna was finding this, biting her lip and staring mournfully away
  from us both, but I could also see a damp patch appearing in her gusset.  
 Mr R told her to touch her toes, and picked up a Lochgelly Tawse.  
 'You are to count each stroke and say Thank You Sir after each one' he instructed.  
 He raised his hand, then SLAP! The tawse cracked down on her buttocks and
  Anna let out an anguished yell. A second stroke quickly followed, knocking
  her slightly off balance, taking her breath away. As she regained her position,
  a third stroke landed, lower than the previous two.  
 Suddenly I realised that Anna had forgotten to count the strokes! Mr Richards
  had had a similar thought.  
 'The next stroke will be number one dear' he said calmly 'and each stroke
  you fail to count will be taken again.' Anna emitted a low moan. She had been
  promised nine strokes and was now going to receive at least twelve.  
 'Do you understand?'  
 'Yes sir' came the meek reply. I had never seen Anna act so submissively
  and marvelled at the effect this strange man was having on her. She told me
  later that she felt incredibly vulnerable at this stage and the fact that she
  was naked, but wearing some of her usual clothes seemed to make it worse.  
 The fourth stroke landed with a resounding SPLAT! And after a despairing
  groan, 'One, thank you sir' was heard.  
 'That's better, you naughty little minx' he told her. Strokes five and six
  were also followed by the appropriate response.  
 Anna was instructed to spread her legs now, and had to fall forwards onto
  her palms in order to do so. Almost as one, Mr Richards and I leaned to admire
  her breasts as they dangled down. He squeezed the one nearest to him and motioned
  me to do the same with the other. Anna said she almost resented me more than
  him for doing so. Mr R could see that I was incredibly aroused, and I made
  no pretence otherwise. This was one of my favourite fantasies and she was wearing
  one of my favourite 'outfits'.  
 'You should do this to her regularly' he told me. 'Keep the little madam
  in her place.'  
 Anna gave an indignant snort, and was rewarded with a sharp stroke across
  both cheeks. There was a significant pause before 'Four, thank you sir' was
  heard.  
 The strokes became progressively harder to take now, each adding to its
  predecessor. Stroke eight curled around Anna's left thigh, nipping the vagina
  and causing her to screech in protest. She almost forgot to count that one
  too, and the next one, which took the right thigh with a hard blow which left
  her kicking her leg to try and dissipate the pain.  
 Three more to go. The first landed at the top of her bottom and she wailed,
  almost unbalancing as she tried to rub her cheek. The penultimate stroke was
  to the centre of the buttocks, and the last one was the cruellest of all, landing
  in the crease between the buttocks and thighs. Anna screamed, and fell forwards
  onto the floor, immediately curling up into the foetal position and sobbing.
  Mr R waited patiently until he heard a quiet 'nine, thank you sir.'  
 I assumed Anna would pull out now and was already preparing my speech. She
  didn't though, instead, when instructed stripping off the boots and tights,
  and putting the stiletto's back on. The cane awaited her.  
 Mr Richards told me to sit back in the comfy chair, then ordered Anna to
  bend over, holding the arms of the chair. This brought her face down towards
  my groin and Mr R said  
 'Go on lad, unzip your fly.' As I did so he said to Anna 'I want to see
  you working hard for your husband, and no biting!'  
 'You want me to suck him off?' Anna asked incredulously. Off course he did!
  She looked completely shocked, as though doing it was worse than being spanked.
  However when she was threatened with extra strokes, she took my cock into her
  warm, moist mouth, and her head began to bob up and down.  
 I looked up in a state of some arousal, to see Mr Richards raise the cane.  
 'Six of the best young lady' he intoned and then swung his arm down in a
  graceful arc.  
 The cane connected with a resounding CRACK! Anna was thrust forward onto
  me, a muffled yell emerging from my lap. The second stroke landed just as the
  pain from the first one was fading. Anna practically choked on my penis, and
  I thought I heard a sob. I pulled her hair back so I could see her face. A
  few tears were trickling down her cheeks. She kept on sucking though, and he
  made her wait, anxiously anticipating the next stroke. She kept on wriggling
  her bottom and making nervous little whimpers.  
 Eventually it came, a little harder than the previous two and landing higher.
  Anna pulled away from my penis and gave vent to a loud, anguished yell.  
 'Get your mouth back where it belongs you prick teaser or I'll give you
  more strokes' Mr Richards ordered. Anna obeyed. I think she tried to say 'Please,
  no more' but the words were muffled and she dare not take my penis out of her
  mouth to make herself understood.  
 The fourth stroke was low, and Anna buckled at the knees, nearly releasing
  me. It must have hurt a lot, because she stamped her feet a fair few times
  to try and dissipate the pain.  
 Mr R waited until she was still, and her legs straight again. I was close
  to orgasm now, and the fifth stroke brought me closer still. The loudest crack
  yet filled the room, followed quickly by a yell and more frantic stamping.
  Tears began to flow freely and I heard Anna sob. She had had enough, and thankfully
  the last stroke had been reached. She would be able to tell herself she had
  'taken her punishment'.  
 They say the last stroke is the worst. For me the opposite was true. As
  it landed with a resounding crack, I orgasmed, coming in floods into Anna's
  mouth. She swallowed it all in between sobs, and only when I was clean did
  she release me, slumping to her knees and looking anxiously through tears at
  Mr Richards.  
 He told her to stand opposite him. As she did so, red faced, the tears starting
  to slow, I quickly tucked my cock away and did my fly up. I made to stand too,
  but Mr R said,  
'Nay lad, stop and have a drink of whiskey. I want to admire my handiwork.'
  Anna did not demur and allowed herself to be led to stand facing the wall,
  her hands once more on the back of her head. An expert had caned her. Five
  straight red lines were crossed by a final one.  
'That's the Gate' Mr Richards told me as he poured us both drinks. I didn't
  really know what to say, so just nodded dumbly.  
We savoured our whiskies in silence as Anna's sobbing slowly subsided. After
  about five minutes, I was shocked to hear the front door open. Mr R rose unconcernedly,
  and in walked Mrs Richards, a tubby, kindly lady. She appraised the situation
  remarkably calmly before saying.  
'So he's finally managed to get his hands on you has he dear? He's been longing
  to do that to you ever since you moved in. I hope you're going to say thank
  you.' With that, she led a dumbstruck Anna over to Mr Richards and pushed her
  down onto her knees in front of him. He immediately unzipped his trousers and
  presented his erect penis. To my utter amazement, Anna began to suck him off
  with a resigned sigh. She couldn't look at me, and was obviously trying to
  bring matters to a speedy conclusion. Mr R resisted manfully, and it was a
  couple of minutes before he tensed, and I realised he too was coming in my
  wife's mouth.  
When he was done, Anna stood up to face him for a final time, the man who
  had spanked and humiliated her.  
'Say thank you and give him a curtsy dear' Mrs Richards said. Anna obeyed,
  sounding meek and defeated.  
'Let that be a lesson to you to be more careful with your car and your money'
  he lectured. 'You can go now' he said, dismissing us with a shake of his head.
  We quickly gathered Anna's discarded clothes and left, Anna negotiating her
  final naked crossing of our street.  
'Are you ok?' I asked as we closed our front door behind us.  
'Yeah,' she laughed wryly, rubbing her buttocks. You owe me big time though.
  I can't believe I let him do that to me. My bum's killing!'  
 'It was really sexy tough' I told her.  
 'Well enjoy it then, because it's never going to happen again. 'Still,'
  she continued 'this business has got me all hot and bothered. I need a good
  hard fucking as a thank you.' So that's what we did.  
 I became quite friendly with Mr Richards in the following months, sharing
  spanking DVD's and having the odd chat. Anna never spoke to him, and avoided
  him wherever possible. If he did manage to collar her, he would wink sly, and
  suggest she return for another session 'To make you a better wife.' He never
  pushed the matter though and Anna never accepted the invitation.  
 Slowly, life returned to normal, but I was left forever with the memory
  of my best ever birthday present.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





