BDSM Library - Lil Baby David




Lil Baby David
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Insurance salesman becomes the unwitting baby girl of a sexy, dominant man.The following story is fiction.  
I was a 33-year-old insurance salesman, always looking to improve myself.
  Divorced, I was looking to make a move to advance my career. I made a number
  of overtures and finally settled on an offer across the country. I traveled
  to the new town with all of my possessions in tow and met up with the man who
  would be my new boss. He'd said to meet at a local motel, which he was using
  as an office while his business was being remodeled. He said he'd get me a
  room to live in until I was settled.  
When I knocked on the door to the makeshift office, an incredibly large,
  black man opened the door. He was 6'7&quot; and probably weighed about 275
  pounds, all muscle, I guessed since he was dressed in a leather vest (no shirt)
  and skintight, shiny leather pants. Being a small guy myself (5'4&quot;, 115
  pounds), I was intimidated by the man and by his dress was wondering what was
  going on. What kind of insurance did this guy sell?  
I didn't have long to wonder because the man grasped me and forced me into
  the room, where he held me down and forced the contents of a syringe into my
  arm. I blacked out. When I awoke, I realized I was in the back of a moving
  van. I was caged in a dog carrier, locked. My arms were cuffed behind my back
  and cuffed to my bound ankles. A ball gag was in my mouth.  
We drove for what had to be 10 hours; the man never spoke to me the entire
  time. He chain-smoked those long, brown More cigarettes and drank coffee. Finally,
  after hours of nightfall, we arrived at a house where he pulled into the driveway,
  opened the garage door and drove in. He easily pulled my carrier out and carried
  me into the house, where another large man was waiting.  
For the first time since the motel, the man spoke to me, introducing me to
  another man, who he said was my pediatrician. I was removed from the carrier,
  unbound and placed on a table in a basement that served as a dungeon by the
  looks of it. All kinds of torture devices were in it. One wall had file cabinet-sized
  drawers built into it. In each of the corners hung cages with a naked man bound
  inside each one.  
My pediatrician and the man strapped me securely to the table and stood over
  me. The doctor began to hypnotize me and suddenly I was in a trance. I was
  snapped out of it and have no memory of what happened when I was under. The
  men each kissed me fully on the lips and then I was drugged again and was out.  
When I awoke, I felt like I had been under for several days. I was lying
  in an adult sized baby crib. I was covered in a lacy baby blanket with red
  hearts all over it that said, &quot;My heart belongs to Daddy&quot;. I lifted
  the blanket and it seemed to weigh a ton. I was dressed in a frilly, pink baby
  doll nightie. I had on pink, frilly socks. I wore pink mittens over my hands.
  My legs and arms were hairless and my skin felt ultra sensitive. I looked around
  the room. I saw a baby's changing table, but it was adult-sized. There were
  pink dressers and I saw an open closet full of frilly baby party dresses that
  looked to be in my size. On the walls, under pink and white striped wallpaper,
  were a number of framed pictures. One had the purple Teletubbie waving. Another
  had Barbie. Several had naked, muscular men. One right above my bed contained
  two footprints in my size and next to it said, &quot;Baby David&quot; (My name
  is David) and it had my measurements printed out.  
I realized I was wearing a diaper and also felt the diaper was full of my
  piss and shit and from my slumber, the shit had spread all over! The man walked
  into the room and towered over the crib and lifted me out quite easily. He
  grasped me in his big arms and kissed me on the lips. &quot;How's my new baby
  girl doing today?&quot; he smiled and said. Finally at this point I started
  to protest and asked what happened to me. But I had trouble finding the right
  words to say. Then when I found them, my voice was high-pitched and sounded
  like a tiny girl's. Plus I had a fierce stutter. &quot;Shhh! Hush, baby!&quot; he
  said. The hypnosis had destroyed my vocabulary and given me the stutter, he
  explained. Surgery had given me the new petite girl voice. He laid me on the
  changing table and proceeded to clean my dirty diaper.  
He stripped the nightie off me and placed a mirror before me. First of all,
  my lips were swelled up to about 5 times their normal size. I was totally hairless,
  even on my face, where I always had a five o'clock shadow and heavy eyebrows
  and even in my genital area and even on my head. My skin was glowing pink.
  He explained that I would never have hair grow on my body again. He also said
  my skin was sensitive as it probably felt and that this was for a reason and
  suddenly he grabbed my two wrists in one of his huge hands and began belting
  my ass with his other hand. Each blow rained on my ass like the sting of a
  million scorpions, the heat of two red-hot brands and the pain of a ton bricks
  falling on it.  
I collapsed in shrieks and tears; this was by fair the worst pain I'd ever
  experienced in my life! My ass throbbed with terrifying pain each second, even
  when he finished it continued. I was crying, screaming and moaning utter gibberish.
  It took one hour before the pain subsided to a level where I didn't cry out
  in terror.  
He watched me the whole time, an amused look for his face. He sat and smoked
  his long, brown More cigarettes. When he placed his hand on his leg, you could
  see the reflection of the cigarette on his shiny, skintight pants. I was still
  crying, but subdued. He explained that that was an example of how I would be
  punished if I didn't behave &quot;like a good little baby girl.&quot; He then
  undid my mittens, which revealed that my thumbs had been amputated and my remaining
  fingers had been sewn together.  
He went on to explain that I was now totally and forever incontinent of bowel
  and bladder. He told me to sit up and I tried but couldn't maintain my balance
  and kept falling to the side. I realized now how weak I felt. He picked me
  up and placed me standing on the floor. He let go of my arms and told me to
  walk across the room. I took two unsteady steps and fell on my ass. I tried
  again and failed again. &quot;Good,&quot; he said aloud, but to himself.  
He picked me up and laid me on the table, placing a new diaper on me. He
  covered this with pink rubber panties and frilly pink satin panties. He dressed
  me in a red skipper dress with a huge white square collar that had roses on
  each corner. A white band was placed on my bald head with a huge red bow that
  sat on top. Then he replaced my socks with frilly white ones and a pair of
  white patent leather maryjanes. He carried me to the kitchen where an adult
  sized highchair sat in the middle of the room.  
I was strapped into the highchair and as he started to prepare my breakfast,
  I looked on the floor in the corner and almost shrieked in surprise at what
  I saw. A naked man was sleeping soundly in a dog bed. His arms had been amputated
  at the elbows and legs at the knees and big flesh paws were grafted at the
  end of each. Like me he was totally hairless. A flesh tail protruded from the
  bottom of his back. A thick leather collar was around his neck and a chain
  from it was tethered to a big eyehook in the wall. A dog dish of food and water
  lie before the bed.  
&quot;I see you noticed Fido,&quot; the man said, &quot;I know little girls
  love doggies. Don't worry sweetheart, you'll have plenty of time to play with
  him!&quot;  
On the table in front of me I watched in horror as he prepared my breakfast.
  He started with an empty food processor. Into this he poured cod liver oil
  and a can of spinach, along with several prunes. He emptied an ashtray full
  of his More cigarette butts into it. Then he put the processor on a chair,
  undid his pants and proceeded to fill the processor with a huge shit. As he
  whipped this in the processor, he filled a baby bottle halfway with Pedialyte
  formula and then pissed in it to fill it to the top.  
He placed a big bib on me and smiled as he presented the smelly mush and
  bottle onto the highchair tray. &quot;Now be a good girl for Daddy and eat
  it all up,&quot; he said, &quot;I don't want to have to paddle your bottom
  again!&quot; That was all he had to say; I would eat all of it, nothing was
  worse that the pain he had inflicted on my ass. It still was throbbing.  
I ate it all and I drank everything in the bottle. I held it in. Then he
  grabbed his leather jacket and picked me up and put a quilted pink plastic
  little girls winter coat on me. He put matching mittens on my now-worthless
  hands. He picked me up in his arms and kissed my fats lips. &quot;Baby go bye
  byes?!&quot; he said.  
I was placed in a baby seat in the back of his car and strapped in. He placed
  a pacifier in my mouth and we headed off. We soon arrived at a tattoo parlor
  and piercing studio. He removed an adult-sized stroller from the truck and
  put me into it and took me into the studio.  
Inside the studio, a slightly overweight teenage girl was nursing a Capri
  120 and talking on the phone. She had three hoops on one side of her nose and
  a spiked mohawk. On the sides of her head were elaborate tattoos. She hung
  up as soon as she saw us and shouted, &quot;So, this is little baby David!&quot;  
I was taken to a back room where the girl, Josie, began to pierce me as per
  Mark's instructions. Gold hoops went into my nipples and belly button and the
  middle of my nose. Studs in my ears and sides of my nose. After Josie finished,
  a man with tattoos all over came in and worked on my skin with his needle.  
Several hours later, the back of my neck permanently said &quot;Daddy's little
  girl&quot;. My arm had a big heart on it with the &quot;My Heart Belongs to
  Daddy&quot; words just like my blanket.  
Josie returned with a heating device and, to my horror, my new Daddy pulled
  a branding iron out of a leather satchel. I began to cry and plead for mercy,
  which was returned by laughter from Daddy, Josie and the tattooed man. While
  the men held me down, Josie applied the glowing orange brand to my left butt
  cheek. I passed out.  
When I awoke, I was in Daddy's arms and being carried out of the store. Josie
  handed Daddy a giant clear bag full of her Capri 120s butts. &quot;Oh, baby,&quot; he
  said to me, &quot;I bet you're just licking your lips waiting to eat these!&quot;  
He strapped me back into the car and off we went again. We pulled into the
  parking lot of a Sears. He put me in my stroller and began pushing me through
  the parking lot. I heard murmurs and gasps as people began to stare, then laughter
  as groups formed, watching me. We went inside and headed for the toy department,
  where he selected a baby doll for me. We went through the checkout to pay for
  it and I couldn't wait to escape from the crowds watching and laughing at me.  
But he had other plans as we headed to the Portrait Studio, where gasping
  clerks were told by Daddy that he wanted an Infant's Package. So I was photographed
  in baby poses with infant-style backgrounds and Daddy was beaming like an actual
  newborn's father. It was while posing that I dirtied my diaper and the smell
  soon enough became evident to him and the photographer. Daddy carried me to
  a restroom, laid me on the floor and changed me. He instructed me to say something
  to the photographer when we reappeared and so, as told, I stammered out a &quot;Daddy
  made poppies go bye bye!&quot; to the man who was a few years younger than
  I. The photographer stifled a laugh, but throughout the rest of the photo studio
  you could hear the teenaged girls working the counter laughing heartily.  
Finally, we headed home. There, Daddy took off my coat and mittens and exclaimed
  over how nice my tattoos, branding and piercings were, kissing me on the lips
  several times. He carried me into living room and placed me in a playpen with
  my new dolly. He sat and lit one of his More cigarettes. It was then that I
  noticed the man on the floor next to Daddy. He was heavily bound to bars that
  held him upward, but his head was facing the ceiling. A tube came out of his
  belly button to a sealed glass container that held his waste. His mouth was
  fitted around a round metal device that held it open. On his neck was a thick
  dog collar and on it said, &quot;Andy Ashtray&quot;. Daddy frequently flicked
  his ashes into Andy's mouth before finishing and grounding the brown cigarette
  out on Andy's tongue.  
Daddy picked me up out of the crib and sat me on the floor in front of him.
  He undid his trousers and suddenly his gigantic dick was in my face. &quot;Now,
  princess,&quot; he said, &quot;I know you noticed those big juicy lips I gave
  you. I call them DSL's: Dick sucking lips.&quot; My eyes grew big and he laughed
  and said, &quot;That's right, sweetie! This is going to be your favorite pacifier!
  And if I feel your little baby teeth once, it's spanky time!&quot;  
He instructed me all the way, first kissing his cock, and then sucking on
  the knob. Slowly he went deeper into my mouth. And within a few minutes, his
  hands were on the back of my head and he was forcefully fucking my face. After
  10 long minutes, he came and he pulled back, so the river of cum lay in my
  mouth. &quot;That's nutrition, sweetie,&quot; he said, &quot;swallow it all.&quot; I
  did what Daddy said.  
By this time, Fido walked into the room on all fours and barked hello at
  his Master. Daddy patted him on his head and the mandog excitedly barked over
  and over. I guess the humiliation I'd just suffered in public, plus the degrading
  sexual act I'd just been forced to perform, plus the irreversible things he'd
  done to my body, plus seeing how he'd ruined another man and turned him into
  a dog, ...well, I just lost it and broke down and cried, my heaving sobs sounding
  like a little baby girl's.  
&quot;Go ahead, princess,&quot; he said, &quot;tell Daddy what's wrong. And
  remember, I'm your Daddy now and will be addressed as such or it'll be spankies.&quot; &quot;Daddy,
  Daddy, why, why!?&quot; I sobbed, &quot;Why, Daddy, why?!&quot;  
He scooped me up in his massive arms and shushed me, wiping tears from my
  eyes as he kissed me fully on the lips. &quot;I always wanted a baby girl just
  like you,&quot; he said, &quot;and I waited until the right person came along
  and that person was you.&quot; Just then, a large deposit of poop hit my diaper,
  bulking up inside it and spreading across my ass and my groin. &quot;Uh, oh!&quot; he
  exclaimed, &quot;Did my little princess go poopies?&quot; &quot;Yes, Daddy.&quot; I
  said, defeated. My only hope was that my family could somehow find me and rescue
  me, though I would always be a cripple because of the surgical enhancements
  Daddy had had made to my body.  
&quot;I know what will cheer you up, baby,&quot; he said, &quot;You and your
  new dolly can have a tea party!&quot; He carried me down to the basement, where
  he had set up a child's table with a baby sized tea set. He insisted that I
  talk the whole time, so I was forced to make small talk with a baby doll and
  play like a little girl. Meanwhile, the shit was spreading further around my
  diaper and soon I could feel a rash developing.  
Daddy, in the meantime, opened one of the drawers along the wall and a body
  fully wrapped up in duct tape like a mummy was inside. Daddy effortlessly lifted
  the stiff mummy out of the drawer and laid it on the same table where my surgeries
  had been performed. I could make out the mummy wriggling a bit as daddy strapped
  it to the table. He unpeeled layers of duct tape from across the mummy's face
  and I could make out what looked like a middle-aged man, crying uncontrollably.
  A tube ran from the man's nose into the tape around his neck. &quot;Please,
  please, please!&quot; the man said a million times. Daddy smiled at him and
  patted him on his duct taped covered head. Daddy took a razor and removed the
  duct tape from the man's legs and covered them with plastic that sealed to
  the skin. Suddenly he made long cuts and sliced open the man's legs from foot
  to knee. Daddy whistled and smiled as he removed all of the bones from the
  man's legs and feet. The man howled in uncontrollable pain, passing out several
  times.  
He then amputated that man's legs as the man howled uncontrollably. And Daddy
  sealed the man's new stumps up and duct taped them up. Then he kissed the man
  on the forehead and started to tape his face back up. He undid the straps and
  the man was convulsing and you could hear murmured crying under the duct tape
  as Daddy lifted him back into the drawer, shutting it.  
After Daddy scrubbed up, he changed my diaper but didn't put on new one on.
  He lifted me up and carried me upstairs to the kitchen, where I was again in
  the highchair. After a meal of baby bottle piss and pureed shit, Josie's Capri
  120s butts, castor oil, spinach and prunes, I noticed Daddy had put my dirty
  diaper in the freezer. He cleaned me up and carried me into his bedroom, where
  I was laid on his bed.  
Daddy stripped and then removed my clothes. He turned me over and inspected
  my now beaming diaper rashed-asshole with his finger. Suddenly he placed a
  dollop of Vaseline on it and worked it around. Daddy walked around and his
  turgid dick was in my face. &quot;Lick it, sweetie,&quot; he said. I licked
  the precum from his knob. Then he walked around, rolled me over again and proceeded
  to fuck my ass silly. 15 long minutes later, he came inside me, then he unleashed
  a gusher of piss in side me. Then he diapered me and put rubber panties on
  me.  
We lay in bed and he frequently kissed me, telling me I was His forever.
  We fell asleep with me in his arms.  
In the afternoon, a taxi pulled up to the house and three people got out
  and entered the house. They were all middle-aged men, but were dressed like
  teenaged female sluts. All three chainsmoked Virginia Slims Luxury Lights Menthol
  120s and had matching tattoos that said &quot;Daddy's girl&quot; on the back
  of their necks. Each bowed before Daddy and kissed his boots. They were introduced
  to me and made over me, kissing and touching me. Each pissed and shit into
  a big bowl, which Daddy promised me he was saving for my dinner. Each chainsmoked
  and shook while they were there. Then each gave Daddy $500 dollars. He took
  a needle and shot something into their arms. Then each got on their knees at
  Daddy's boots and praised him like someone in a church would. The three prayed
  aloud to Daddy and then kissed his boots.  
After they left, Daddy revealed another erection and I gave my second blowjob
  of the day. As his cum swirled in my mouth and I knew I'd be getting used to
  the taste of it, I filled my diaper with shit again.  
Suddenly, Daddy told me I had a sister I was going to meet. He carried me
  up to the second floor and we walked down the hallway to a room. Daddy took
  a key from the ledge over the door and unlocked it and carried me into the
  room. A woman, probably in her early twenties, was sitting at a table. She
  wore a green metallic pleather mini skirt and a t-shirt that was sizes too
  small for her. The t-shirt had a picture of singer Christina Aguilera on it.
  A heavy iron collar had been welded around her neck. From this, a long length
  of heavy chain went to a strong eyehook on one wall. The &quot;girl&quot; was
  busily smoking several Salem 100s. She had two in her mouth and one stuck in
  a tube in an opening in her throat. On the table were several cartons of Salem
  100s and several loose packs. An ashtray overflowed. A pack of straws were
  on the table as was a big glass container. In the container was piss with a
  lot of spent Salem 100s butts floating in it and a big spoon. A camera was
  mounted on the corner of the room. The table and chair were the only furniture
  in the room, but an oversized doggie bed lay in another corner. In a third
  corner was one of those hospital bed pans and there was a great deal of shit
  in it. The windows in the room were covered completely by empty packs of Salem
  100s. The only light in the room was a dim green bulb in the ceiling. Daddy
  introduced me to the girl. She moved the cigarette from her throat but left
  the two in her mouth. She spoke, in a voice that sounded like a robot, and
  said, &quot;Salem 100s, Daddy. Salem 100s, I'm so happy to meet my baby sister.
  Salem 100s, baby. Salem 100s, Daddy has told me about you. Salem 100s, I love
  you, sis. Salem 100s, just a second,...&quot; she said and in a single, long
  drag, she puffed half of the three cigarettes down and lit three more. She
  held then as she kissed me on the lips, then added, &quot;Salem 100s, I love
  you baby sister.&quot; She kneeled before Daddy and kissed his boots then began
  to pray to him as she smoked her cigarettes.  
Daddy carried me out of the room and locked the door behind him. I was fed
  a dinner of the whores' shit and other assorted gross stuff and carried to
  the basement. Daddy put me in my playpen and he removed the man with the amputated
  leg from his drawer. He undid the duct tape from the man's face and strapped
  him down to the table. Then he removed the duct tape from the man's arms and
  put the sticky plastic on it. He sliced and slowly removed the bones from the
  man's arms and hands, whistling cheerily as he worked. The man moaned in uncontrollable
  pain. Daddy finished amputating the man's arms and sealed up the nubs at the
  shoulders, then replaced the duct tape on them. Then he used fishing line to
  sew the man's lips shut. Then he replaced the duct tape over his face. Then
  he attached baby doll legs to the man's torso and arms to the shoulders. Then
  he sewed a plastic baby doll face to the man's head. He sewed on a Shirley
  Temple wig to the man's head. Then he put a gold lame baby doll dress on the
  man. He picked up the man and the arms and legs flapped about. He deposited
  the man in my playpen and said, &quot;princess, Daddy made you a dolly to sleep
  with. This is winstina!&quot; Daddy effortlessly carried us both upstairs and
  I shit myself again as we went up the stairs. I was now carrying two loads
  of shit and looked forward to Daddy changing me, but that didn't happen.  
---  
&quot;It's 6 o'clock, princess! Time for beddy-byes!&quot; he said. Daddy
  changed me into a pink satin baby doll nightie, footies and bonnet. He laid
  me and winstina side-by-side in the crib. He pissed into a baby bottle and
  gave it to me. The lights went out and suddenly lullabyes, sung by daddy started
  endlessly playing on a speaker in the room. The songs said I loved Daddy and
  that I was afraid of the dark and scary monsters and that Daddy would protect
  me. Before I fell asleep, I deposited a third load of shit in my diaper. I
  could feel a huge rash on my asshole.  
I awoke the next morning at 6:00am as Daddy opened the curtains in my nursery
  and let the sun in. I had slept most of the time, but the noises that Daddy
  piped in had filled my mind with dread and utter fear. I had grasped onto my
  dollie, winstina, for all it was worth. Several times during the night I cried
  aloud, screaming for Daddy to protect me from the monsters. My face was red
  from crying and I had shit yet again overnight and pissed several times and
  my diaper was beyond bulging. My entire ass and particularly my asshole were
  sore from my expanded rash.  
When Daddy picked me up, I grabbed onto him with all of my weak strength.
  He kissed me on the lips and I was so happy to have him to protect me that
  I slipped my tongue in his mouth and he returned the favor. He stripped me
  and finally changed my diaper, mentioning my rash. Then he carried me to his
  bed, and rubbed Vaseline on my sore ass. Then he violently fucked my ass and
  with the rash raging, it hurt like hell. I couldn't help but cry as he dressed
  me in a ruffled pink taffeta dress outfit. My butt was on fire as he carried
  me to the highchair in the kitchen. I ate my breakfast of the goop with shit
  and so forth in it, but cried the whole time. Several times, he commented on
  my &quot;fussing&quot; and call me a &quot;miss priss&quot;.  
He got me ready to go outside and soon I strapped in my babyseat as we headed
  to a jewelry store, for Daddy said we were getting engaged to be married. When
  we arrived at the jewelry store, Daddy carried me inside. Once inside, a couple
  in their 60's suddenly said, &quot;Master!&quot; and fawned over him. The old
  lady started making over me, commenting on what a beautiful baby girl I was. &quot;So
  this is the little princess who's going to become the proud bride of our exalted
  Master!!&quot; she said. Daddy got a diamond ring for himself that cost 10,000
  dollars and chose a matching ring for me. As my hands were now nubs basically,
  he ordered the couple to fashion the ring for the middle of my nose.  
Before we left, Daddy had me suck him off and then shot his cum onto the
  floor. The woman immediately fell to the floor and lapped it all up with her
  tongue. &quot;Oh, wonderful, Master!&quot; she said, &quot;Thank you so very
  much!&quot;  
The End?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





