BDSM Library - Caleb Comes to Town




Caleb Comes to Town
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Caleb only makes it to town twice a year.  And - he picks up ALL the supplies he needs to get through the next six months out on his farm.  Heide is shocked to discover that she is one of the supplies and shocked to discover what it means to be a domesticated piece of livestock.Caleb Comes to Town   
by JEP   
Chapter 1 &ndash; Caleb Picks up Supplies   
Caleb was making his semi-annual trip to town. Twice a year he drove into
  the little town in his huge truck to pick up six months of supplies, take a
  gander at humanity, and then he would return to his remote farmhouse. His trip
  always followed the same pattern. First, was a stop at Ray's Caf&eacute; to
  have breakfast. It was the only business that would be open at 5:00 a.m. Caleb
  always had the same meal &ndash; three eggs over medium, a rack of sausage,
  six pieces of toast and two servings of biscuits and gravy. Then he would conclude
  with a slice of apple pie. People were no longer surprised at his breakfast,
  he had been doing it twice a year for twenty years. Caleb was a big man &ndash; big
  head, big hands, big body. A new waitress waited on him this particular morning.
  She didn't know it, but he was smitten. Her nametag identified her as 'Heide'.
  She was a big-boned Swede &ndash; quite attractive despite the size of her
  body. She was twenty years old, blonde(of course), with hair pulled back into
  two pigtails. The caf&eacute; owner, Ray, always made his waitresses wear incredibly
  short skirts &ndash; he knew it helped augment the breakfast trade. Her skirt
  revealed substantial thighs that, although large, did not carry an ounce of
  fat. In reality, her legs were quite shapely &ndash; simply large &ndash; and
  creamy white as befit someone of her heritage. Her breasts were very  large &ndash; at
  least 'D' cups. She had broad shoulders that led up to a face that could have
  been that of a Scandinavian angel. Her waist was not small, but small enough
  to give her a nice hourglass figure. As she walked away after taking his order,
  she demonstrated a broad ass that moved just right. Caleb could not take his
  eyes off of her. He was 6'4" tall and he judged her to be at least 5'10" tall.
  A plan began developing in his mind.  
Caleb finished his shopping &ndash; loading the back of his large truck to
  the brim with supplies, seed, tools, and lots of beer. Caleb liked Budweiser
  and he liked it in large quantities. Yet, he had never been inebriated. He
  never walked fast but always with a purpose that showed no hesitation or wavering
  in his objective.  
When Heide walked out the back of the caf&eacute; at 2:00 p.m., she was thinking
  only of going home and relaxing. She never knew what hit her. Caleb was behind
  the rear exit door and he made one swipe with his muscular arm, driving his
  forearm directly into the back of her head. She fell like an ox. He threw her
  onto the floor of his pickup and slowly, deliberately put the truck in gear
  and drove to his home.  
His home was a two-hour drive from town, located deep in the woods. People
  knew not to trespass on his land &ndash; he could be vicious when his territory
  was invaded. He was always left to his own devices and that's the way he preferred
  it.  
When Heide regained consciousness she found herself in some sort of a farm
  outbuilding. She was standing naked between two pillars made of old timbers.
  Her arms were tied to each timber, keeping her upright. Her only garment was
  a livestock collar around her neck. Her head was throbbing from the blow he
  had delivered. She saw him standing about six feet in front of her and she
  was terribly afraid. He showed no emotion as he examined her as though she
  were a recently purchased farm animal. She started to speak and he held his
  index finger up to his lips to signal her to be quiet. Somehow, the look in
  his eyes told her she better obey. Her mouth clamped shut. He walked up to
  her, took each index finger, stuck them into each side of her mouth and spread
  her mouth wide and open. His fingers were strong and heavily callused.  
She squirmed but she did not try to evade his intrusion. He moved his fingers
  back in forth in her mouth to reveal her teeth and gums. He bent down and eyed
  these with great interest. When he finished he removed his fingers and wiped
  her saliva on the side of his overalls. He then felt her huge breasts. Her
  breasts were big but his hands were bigger. His hands made each breast completely
  disappear. His hands squeezed each melon gently &ndash; surprisingly tender
  for a rural man with such big hands. He hefted the tits up and down as though
  he were judging their weight. They were heavy but they were fairly perky &ndash; youth
  did have its rewards. He traced the tips of his fingers around each large,
  deep red areola and just barely stroked the base of her large nipples. They
  immediately sprung to attention from his touch. She felt a wave of sadness
  roll over her as she realized her body was betraying her by letting her nipples
  become erect at his touch. She figured she was going to be raped but she didn't
  want to do anything to encourage him.  
His hands moved down to her flat stomach and lingered at her navel. His finger
  probed her belly button, pushing it in and then moving out quickly to watch
  it rebound. He was especially entranced by her pubic hair. He loved the look
  and feel of a woman's bush. He slowly raked the fingers of one hand through
  her hair and watched the blonde kinky curls make way for his large fingers.
  He never touched her pussy. That would come later. Then he placed each hand
  around her sturdy right thigh and felt the muscles rippling beneath the skin.
  She had good legs. He repeated this with the other thigh.  
Slowly he arose and walked behind her. This made her exceedingly nervous.
  Somehow, it was better to be able to see him when he fondled her proud body.
  His hands first rested on her shoulders and then worked their way down her
  straight back. Then, his hands lingered on her large butt. It was a good butt!
  He felt each cheek from several directions as though he wanted to memorize
  every contour. His hands moved under each cheek and hefted them up and down
  in a motion similar to what he had done with her breasts. It was as though
  he wanted to also judge the weight of these large orbs. Then his fingers went
  between each cheek, deep into her ass crack. He slowly separated the cheeks
  until her beautiful ass hole was winking directly at him. The hole was shut
  tightly but he knew he could do some readjustment to this attitude with the
  proper training.  
He stood and walked around to the front of her and stared at her for the
  next twenty minutes. Somehow, this was worst then being touched by him. She
  could see that his mind was turning over and thinking some horrible thoughts.
  Then, finally he moved. She wished he hadn't. He lowered each strap of his
  overalls and let them fall to the floor. Then he slowly unbuttoned his flannel
  shirt, slipped it off and let it fall to the floor. He stood before her in
  a full set of long johns. These he unbuttoned slowly, revealing a huge chest
  that was covered with thick black hair. As all the buttons became undone she
  saw that he had a fairly large stomach but one without fat. Now his long johns
  also fell to the floor. He was naked! It was a horrible sight!  
She was not a virgin. She had seen naked men before. But &ndash; nothing
  like this! His dick was a giant fence post &ndash; circumcised, long, and huge.
  It was completely erect and the giant purple head seemed to be pointing directly
  at her face &ndash; with his piss slit seeming to wink at her in anticipation
  of things to come. His dick had to be ten inches long and four inches in diameter.
  It perched above balls that looked like huge, hairy grapefruit. They hung low
  as though their weight was trying to pull them to the floor.  
Now she was frightened. He said nothing, turned, left his clothes in a heap
  and slowly walked away from her. Somehow she couldn't take her eyes off of
  his retreating butt. It was quite flat with large tufts of hair sprouting from
  the lower part of his crack. She didn't know why the thought came to her mind
  but, nonetheless, all she could think of was, "this guy has a hairy
  asshole!"   
Just as Caleb was about to exit the door that was directly in front of her,
  he stopped and turned so that she could see his profile silhouetted in the
  frame as the sun beamed through. His profile was of a tall, strong, somewhat
  round-shouldered man with no fat &ndash; sinewy and, somehow, evil. His dick
  protruded firmly from his torso. He took his left hand and held his dick so
  that it was in plain view to her and then he began pissing a solid, yellow,
  satisfying stream. She could not believe it! She had seen dicks, she knew they
  pissed, but she had never seen one actually doing it. Somehow, his lack of
  modesty was completely degrading to her. Even worse was the sound splattering
  on to the wall and the floor. In revolting curiosity she watched the thick
  stream emanate from his dick, do a ninety-degree twist and gush onward and
  outward. He seemed to piss forever! Finally it quit with yellow droplets still
  seeping from the slit. Then, to her astonishment, he shook his dick firmly,
  the head wobbled up and down as though on ball bearings, and a myriad of piss
  drops sprang from the head &ndash; seeming to go everywhere. She didn't know
  men did that! It wasn't knowledge that she necessarily wanted to acquire.  Chapter 2 &ndash; Caleb Explains the Plan   
He finally returned, still unashamedly naked, carrying a coiled whip that
  she was soon to discover was almost six feet long. He explained to her that
  it was almost 10:00 p.m.  
He explained, "It's time for us to begin your whuppin'." I'm going
      to whup you once at 10:00. Then, every fifteen minutes I'm going to whup
      you again, adding one lash each time. By 8:00 a.m. you should be up to
      over forty lashes. There's a large clock over the door so you can know
      when it's comin'."    
   
She began to shout at him and he simply held his finger up one more time
  to his lips. Somehow, again, she knew she had to be quiet. She watched as he
  moved around her, keeping her eyes on him at all times until he was out of
  her line of sight. She looked up at the clock. She began shuddering. As the
  minute hand reached straight up she heard a shrill whistling through the air
  and then her life seemed to explode! She heard the whip hit her skin at the
  same time that her brain told her she had just been injured in a manner that
  was beyond her experience! It felt as though a razor had slit her skin! She
  cried out like a wounded animal but this did nothing to alleviate the pain!  
He walked around to her front and slowly, deliberately began coiling the
  whip. She could see a trace of her own blood on the cruel tip of the whip.
  She began begging and he responded this time by putting his callused finger
  to her lips. She sobbingly quit trying to talk to him.  
He calmly said, "See you in fifteen minutes."   
Now the clock became her enemy. The minute hand seemed to race and crawl
  at the same time. Her back was in devastating pain from the single slash. She
  could not even begin to imagine what additional hits would do?  
Sure enough, at fourteen minutes after ten he re-entered and walked behind
  her. Now she was shaking uncontrollably and begging &ndash; she didn't give
  a shit about any 'shushing'. He ignored her pleas, the minute hand signaled
  quarter past the hour, she heard the whistling and her back erupted once more
  in pain! Before she could deal completely with the new delivery of horror,
  she heard the whip apparently retreat, whistle again and a new slash of terror
  hit the exact center of the small of her back! It was like nothing she could
  imagine! She was in horrible pain! She was now terrified! Terrified at what
  she would become by morning! Terrified at his lack of emotion! Terrified at
  his deadly accuracy and strength!  
He said again, "See you in fifteen minutes."   
It was now 7:00 a.m. Her back was in shreds. Her emotions were in shreds.
  She had been reduced to an animal with no escape. He had worked up and down
  her back, across her broad butt, finally criss-crossing her ample thighs in
  search of new skin to devastate. She was hanging from her bindings at the wrist
  now. She no longer had the strength to stand up. Blood was seeping everywhere
  down her backside. Her nipples were erect in horror at was being done to her
  backside. He had actually worked up a sweat at the effort he was putting into
  her initial training. Sometime during the night, with two deadly slashes, he
  had actually severed her pigtails from her head. They lay forlornly at her
  feet &ndash; no longer of any use. He told her he was tired and was going in
  to take a nap. He told her he would be back later with relief. She was too
  devastated to even understand what he was saying to her.  
Caleb Comes to Town   
by JEP   
Chapter 3 &ndash; She Assumes a New Role   
When he returned, there she was squirming, trying to deal with the incredible
  pain in her back. The scars had scabbed over but every time she moved, one
  of them would break open again. Flies were now swarming and feasting on the
  meal that was spread across her back. He brushed away the flies and held a
  cup of water to her mouth. She drank greedily, not knowing that this would
  be the last drink she would ever take in the manner of humans. She was soon
  to become his animal.  
He fastened a long leash to her collar and undid the ties that secured her
  wrists to the poles. She staggered and he finished off her swaying by pushing
  her to the ground. He told her that unless directed otherwise, she was to always
  go along on her hands and knees. He started to walk out of the building at
  a brisk pace and she had to move quickly to keep up lest she be dragged. He
  walked her this way for about a hundred yards until they came to a large doghouse.
  He secured the leash to the doghouse and told her this would be her home for
  a while.  
She began crying and he quickly used his heavy boot to kick her in the side,
  telling her to shut her mouth. She quit sobbing aloud but she still wept at
  what was happening to her. Two bowls were near the doghouse. She went to the
  water dish and tried to pick it up to take in more liquid. It was secured somehow
  to the ground. He told her from this day hence she would eat and drink like
  the animal she was. She sobbed but dipped her head and drank greedily from
  the bowl. She looked at the food dish and gagged. It was filled with some kind
  of canned dog food that smelled horrible. Flies were everywhere around it.  
He told her there would be no more food until she finished off that dish.
  Her stomach was heaving at the thought. The sun was shining brightly and it
  was terribly hot. She could already feel sweat building on her body as the
  salty mixture crept into her back wounds. Now they were stinging like a son
  of a bitch. She looked at the doghouse. The opening was such that she would
  have to flatten herself completely on the ground and crawl into it flat on
  her belly. She knew she had to get out of the heat so she flattened her large
  body on to the ground and scooched herself into the house. The ground hurt
  her big tits tremendously and at one point her nipple caught on a sharp piece
  of gravel. She instinctively raised up and the middle of her back slammed into
  the top of the opening in the wood house. She screamed as the wood scraped
  her back and she slammed back down and ripped her tits on the bare earth.  
Somehow she managed to get into the house. It was only about three feet tall
  and she had to bend in the middle to find room to lie down. She was now weeping
  openly. He looked at the marks in the ground made by her nipples and her bush.
  He smiled and walked over beneath a tree to sit and have a beer.  
After two hours she crawled back out, saw him, and told him she had to go
  to the bathroom. He said nothing. She began begging. He said nothing. She started
  to stand up and he told her if she stood up she would endure another eight
  hours of 'whuppin'. She quickly hunkered down and dog-walked away from her
  new home until she had reached the end of the leash. She had no choice. She
  had to pee.  
To her chagrin, as she squatted down, he arose and walked over directly in
  front of her and actually lay on the ground with his head down so that his
  eyes were only six feet from her exposed pussy. She wanted to ask him to have
  some charity but she knew he was an animal. With no choice she began pissing
  mightily. He seemed incredibly interested in seeing the piss escape from her
  body. It hit the ground and much of it splattered onto her ankles and her ass
  cheeks. She was sobbing openly now, watching him watch her. To her complete
  embarrassment she cut a quick fart while she was pissing. He chuckled and she
  felt even worse. When she finished dribbling she made the mistake of asking
  for paper.  
He looked at her severely and said simply, "Drip dry!"   
At that, he stood and walked away, leaving her hunkered on the pissy ground.
  She thought to herself, "My God, what will I do when I have to have
  a bowel movement."  It was too dreadful to contemplate.  
He had retired to his house and was reflecting on the day's events. He thought
  things had gone well. He knew that her collar and leash were made of woven
  steel and there was no way she was going to get loose from them. He sat naked,
  leisurely stroking his penis, as he pictured each event that had occurred with
  the bitch. She was a good one. She was sturdy, sexy, and fairly pure for a
  girl of her age. He liked big features and she had those in spades. He intended
  to fuck all of her holes but that would come later. There was no hurry. She
  didn't realize that today was only child's play. Tomorrow he would really get
  her attention.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; She Sees His Trophies   
She was curled up in the doghouse. In contrast to the heat of the day, the
  night was turning quite cold. She shivered as her naked skin kept losing body
  heat to the cold earth beneath. Several things worried her. She knew she had
  to eat sometime and she didn't know how she could possibly eat the dog food
  in the bowl in front of her new "home". She worried about how she was going
  to take a shit. Nothing seemed appealing about the possibility of hunkering
  down at the end of a leash.  
She knew that sometime he was going to fuck her. Somehow, although not anything
  she desired, she was not horrified at the prospect. Fucking was fucking. You
  did it and it was over. She did worry about sucking his dick. She had never
  liked giving head and she certainly did not like the thought of giving this
  bastard the use of her mouth. Then there was anal sex. She had been asked several
  times by various boy friends but she had always refused to let anyone put anything
  in her ass. It was just too weird to contemplate! Worst of all was the pain.
  Her back was killing her. She knew her back must be in shreds. This bothered
  her tremendously. She had always been proud of her smooth, white Swedish skin
  and now a large part of it was probably permanently ruined. She tried to re-position
  herself to get some relief from the cramped position. No relief was to be had.  
As the sun slowly broke the horizon Caleb walked out to begin the day with
  his new creature. He grabbed the leash that extended inside the house and gave
  it a mighty yank. He heard her crash against the inside wall as she let out
  a loud screech.  
He said, "Get out here bitch &ndash; we have a full day ahead of
      us!"   
She quickly crawled out on her belly, crying as her tits rubbed painfully
  against the ground. He looked at her food dish and its crusty contents. He
  told her that she definitely needed a good breakfast to hold up to the rigors
  of the day. He told her to eat or he would take her directly to the "whip" treatment.
  She looked at the mess in the bowl and wretched. Nonetheless, she lowered her
  face to the mess and tentatively stuck out her tongue to the edge of the "food".
  It tasted worse than she had ever imagined. As she thought about this he put
  his strong hand on the back of her head and smashed her face completely into
  the stuff. Her face was coated. She tasted it on her lips. As she sobbed, she
  knew she had no choice. She decided to try to eat it as much as possible without
  chewing. Thus, perhaps the taste wouldn't be quite as vile. He chuckled as
  she gobbled the food and swallowed it in large chunks.  
"By God,"  he said, "you sho' do look like
      my goddamn hound dog!"   
Now she was openly crying but she didn't slow down in her eating and swallowing.
  Her stomach was heaving but she managed to keep it down. When it was finally
  completely gone, at his direction, she used her hands to wipe the mess from
  her face and put it into her mouth. Then, she turned to the water dish, dipped
  her face and lapped up the liquid. She felt completely degraded. She had become
  his animal!  
He told her he had a dog that used to sit on top of the doghouse. He indicated
  that he had always liked that image and he wanted her to duplicate it. She
  looked at the shingled roof and knew this would be horribly painful on her
  bare skin. The roof had two steep slopes that went up and met in the middle
  in a quite sharp peak. The shingles were coated with a gravelly substance.
  But, now she noticed he was holding the whip in his hand and she knew she must
  obey. She crawled up on to the roof and miniature pebbles on the shingles ground
  into her thighs and butt. It hurt like a son of a bitch. But finally she made
  it to the peak with both legs lying on one side, sort of a sidesaddle position.  
He told her she didn't have a complete grasp of the picture. He told her
  she was to straddle the peak with a leg on each side. She now had a grasp of
  the picture and she didn't like the image. She could not imagine what the peak
  and the texture of the shingles would do to her tender parts. But then he cracked
  the whip in the air and she knew she must try it. She slowly pivoted and tried
  gingerly to lower herself on to the peak with a leg on each side. The shingles
  ground into her pussy and drove little pieces of gravel directly into the pink
  parts of her cunt.  
Now she was moaning and crying as her body tried to deal with the pain. As
  she tried to move around to distribute the pain, the roof material began also
  grinding into her asshole. It was incredible. It was like having rough sandpaper
  grinding down her most tender parts. He sensed that she was about to get off
  of the roof. He could tell she had decided the hell with it, she would take
  her chances with the whip. Before she could react he had secured rope loops
  around each ankle on each side of the roof peak. Then he had pulled them tightly
  and secured each rope to steel rings located on each opposing side of the doghouse.
  He pulled each rope tightly and this pulled her body firmly down on to the
  cutting material that was wrecking havoc with her pussy and ass. He told her
  to sit tight, he was going to go get breakfast. As he ate his Cheerios he could
  hear her howling.  
He thought, "By God she does sound like my old hound dog!"   
When he finally finished his breakfast, Caleb walked back out to the doghouse.
  She was a sobbing, blubbering mass of pained flesh, snot running everywhere,
  completely out of control. She had temporarily lost her mind. He unfastened
  her ankles, grabbed her leash right up next to her throat and drug her slowly
  along the peak of the roof, exasperating the damage to her intimate parts,
  pulling her until she collapsed forward on the ground. She was sobbing as she
  regained her senses. She had pissed herself and she didn't care. There seemed
  to be many tiny granules imbedded in her pussy flesh and up into her asshole.
  She wondered if she was ruined forever as a woman?  
He nudged her with the toe of his boot and told her to begin crawling, he
  was taking her inside his house. She crawled along forlornly as he retained
  a hold on the end of her leash. He looked down at her and admired the sight.
  Her tits were swaying beneath her torso, occasionally bumping into one another.
  Her ass was swishing in the air, providing a stout, but sexy sight. Droplets
  of blood were running down the inside of her thighs from the wounds to her
  private parts. Tears were still falling on to the ground as she tried to keep
  up with the brisk pace he was setting.  
Ordinarily she would have been thinking about the pain to her knees as she
  shuffled along. However, this was nothing compared to the pain that was still
  residing in her bottom. It was tough to crawl up the four steps necessary to
  get into his home. The wood seemed to be driving nails into her knees. However,
  she managed it despite the additional pain.  
He led her into a room he called his "trophy" room. He was a skilled taxidermist.
  He forced her to face one wall and told her to rise and sit back on the backs
  of her heels. She did so and her eyes were immediately directed to a wall full
  of animal trophy heads. There was the head of a mountain lion, a bear, an antelope,
  a deer, and several other species she could not identify. Each one was mounted
  lovingly on highly finished walnut with a bronze plaque beneath. This did bother
  her. Her family had all been hunters and she knew that such was the way of
  life in rural communities.  
Then, he took hold of her shoulders and rotated her completely around to
  face the opposite wall. There, to her horror, was mounted the heads of four
  women. Their faces were quite attractive, their hair was done in marvelous
  styles, and their eyes seemed to be looking directly at her.  
One of the blonde heads had a surprised expression on her face with the left
  eyebrow raised slightly as if to ask, "Where's the rest of me?"   
He said, "This is what happens when bitches no longer provide entertainment!"   
Heide barely heard the last words of his explanation. Her mind gave her blessed
  relief as she lost consciousness.  
Caleb Comes to Town   
by JEP   
Chapter 5 &ndash; The Training Circle   
When she regained consciousness she found herself secured to a strange device.
  It was a twenty-foot horizontal pole, secured to a post. The pole was situated
  so that eighteen feet of it was on one side of the post and two feet was on
  the other side of the post. A heavy weight was on the short side to serve as
  a balance. Actually there was a motor on top of the post and the horizontal
  pole was secured somehow to the motor. There was a circular path worn quite
  deep at the end of the long portion of the pole. Heide's wrists were tied together.
  Then a short rope attached her wrists to the end of the long portion of the
  horizontal pole. He told her this was a training ground that he had used for
  his previous trainees. He said when he turned on the motor; the pole would
  begin rotating like a merry-go-round. She had a choice of either keeping up
  or being dragged. He told her that starting today she would be given an hour
  of training on this device each day.  
She was already sweating profusely as the sun was high in the sky and it
  was at least ninety degrees. He used a remote to turn on the motor and the
  pole started slowly rotating in a circle. The bindings on her wrists were suddenly
  yanked and her arms were snapped forward. She began walking to follow the circling
  device.  
She had to maintain a fairly brisk walk but she was in good physical condition
  and she thought, "I can do this."   
After fifteen minutes however she began to have some reservations. The beating,
  the sleeping on the ground, and the rank food had sapped her of much of the
  strength she was used to having. Also, the sun was burning her naked skin.
  Being Scandinavian, she was quite fair-skinned and her body did not react well
  to direct sunlight. Her body was already turning red. Her breasts, particularly,
  were suffering, as they had never before seen any sunlight. She was sweating
  profusely and her breath was starting to come in quick shallow gasps.  
Then, to her dismay, he increased the speed of the rotating device. Now she
  had to break stride and begin trotting. Her arms were killing her from being
  extended like this. Her tits were bouncing fiercely up and down. The burned
  skin of her tits was hurting tremendously with this unusual motion. Now the
  sweat was washing salt down on to her scarred back and it felt as though it
  were on fire. Plus, her bare feet were aching from running on the compacted,
  worn ground.  
Thirty minutes had elapsed and she was in desperate straits. Yet she still
  held out hope that she could survive for thirty more minutes. She knew if she
  fell, she would be dragged and it would do terrible damage to her tender skin.
  She could feel her heart pounding and she felt as though her head was going
  to explode. Then, the son-of-a-bitch increased the speed.  
Now she was being forced to jog quite rapidly. Her brain was tripping out
  as she tried to deal with all of the stress being imposed upon her. To make
  matters worse, he was standing quite closely to one part of the circle. Everytime
  she went by him he let loose with the whip. He would deliberately wait until
  she was just barely within striking distance, running away from him, and then
  he would let fly to see how good he was. He would hit her about three out of
  four times. Sometimes on one of her ass cheeks, sometimes on one of her tender
  thighs, often on her already damaged back.  
As her circle would approach him she would begin trembling at the knowledge
  of what he was going to do. Then, when the whip cracked, she let out a blood-curdling
  scream &ndash; even if he missed her and all she heard was the pop of the whip
  in the air.  
At forty-five minutes she was lurching stumbling. She was shouting gibberish
  and her eyes were wide with fear and pain. For some reason, mercifully, he
  slowed the motor so that she only had to do a very slow walk for the remaining
  fifteen minutes. As relieved as she was at this respite, it had its downside.
  Now when she walked past him, he had no trouble slamming her with the cruel
  whip.  
It was similar to the clock she had watched last night at fifteen-minute
  intervals. The anticipation was as bad as the pain. Now, when halfway around
  the circle, approaching him, she was shaking and begging. He seemed to be oblivious
  to anything. He was more intent on increasing the quality of his aim and his
  strokes then anything else. And, he did improve with each circle she made.
  As the hour came to an end, her backside was a mass of bleeding, ripped skin.
  The soles of her feet were in shreds as she hobbled from one foot and then
  the other to relieve the damage.  
He released her bindings and she sank to the ground on her knees. He asked
  if she were thirsty. Her nod and her sweat-covered body supplied the answer.
  He told her to look up and open her mouth wide. He told her if she failed to
  swallow every bit of drink he was about to give her she would be subjected
  to another hour on the rotating pole. She answered by snapping her mouth as
  wide open as she could.  
Then, with horror, she saw him slowly unzip his overalls. He wore no underwear
  and his dick fell out of its own volition. She was terror-stricken but she
  was too afraid of the consequences of the pole to do anything. He tenderly
  held up his dick and aimed the piss slit at her open mouth. He moved forward
  so that his dick end was almost touching her lips. He let loose a solid stream
  of deep yellow piss and it cascaded into her mouth. He let just enough go in
  to her mouth so that she could swallow it. He pinched off his dick to stop
  the stream. This went on for several cycles as he continued to deposit pee
  in her oral opening. Her stomach was heaving at the taste but she was too exhausted
  to vomit. The piss was warm and smelly and horrid tasting. Even worse, it seemed
  as though he could piss small amounts forever.  
Her jaw was aching from being held open and her throat was raw from the action
  of the uric acid in his piss. When he finally completed his mission he began
  milking his dick, squeezing out an endless supply of pee-drops. Finally there
  was one solitary drop resting on the edge of his slit. He told her to lick
  it off. She didn't know why but this seemed to be the most degrading thing
  of all of drinking piss.  
Then he carefully lifted out his massive, hairy balls to let them dangle
  free in front of her face. The smell was overwhelming. She could smell his
  musty, dank man scent and it made her skin crawl. He told her his balls had
  become incredibly sweaty with all of his effort in training her around the
  circle. He told her to lick them clean of all of his work. Now her eyes welled
  up again with tears and she began begging to be excused from this awful task.  
He looked at her and said, "Then it's the pole."   
She understood and without hesitation bobbed her head forward and buried
  her nose directly in the skin just above his huge balls. As the wrinkly skin
  enveloped her nostrils her stomach began heaving with its full load of his
  piss. He sensed her vomit building and he told her if she threw up, by nightfall
  her head would be on his wall. Somehow, with deep breathing and constant swallowing
  she kept down the bile that was building in her gut.  
Then she inched out her tongue and began licking his dangling nuts. It was
  worse than drinking piss. They seemed to have a life of their own and were
  constantly banging into various parts of her mouth and face. She could barely
  breath through her nose that seemed to be captivated by his scrotum. But somehow
  she did it. She removed all of the sweat from his package. Just when she thought
  she had completed her task, he reached down and lifted his sack to display
  the underside of his balls. Odors flew from this directly into her face. Now
  she was gagging again as she saw the large amount of moisture resting on this
  portion of his groin. Sadly she licked it.  
She could also smell shit seeping from between his legs and she thought, "Thank
      God none of that is on his nuts!"   
But her 'joy' was short-lived. He turned around, bent over and spread his
  cheeks. She then saw the hairiest, shittiest sight she had ever imagined.  
He said simply, &quot;Clean it."   
She knew there was no viable alternative and her tongue reluctantly reached
  out and buried itself in the midst of the hairy jungle between his raw cheeks.
  It was just as the thought. Shit tasted like shit. She wondered if he ever
  wiped as she ingested flecks of poop and tried to swallow them in one fell
  swoop. Gradually, sorrowfully, she actually managed to clean his entire ass.  
As she began to think she was through, he told her to clean the inside of
  his shit tunnel. He pulled his hairy cheeks further apart and she saw his shit
  hole winking at her beneath all the hair around it. She bobbed forward again
  and imbedded her tongue in his ass. As she swished it around she thought she
  could hear him moaning. Her life was completely in the toilet &ndash; literally.
  When she finally finished that portion of his anatomy he told her to bury her
  tongue as far as it would go in his ass. She acquiesced and with her tongue
  deep inside his guts he turned loose of his ass cheeks and let them snap shut
  around her face. Then, he cut a long, squealing, satisfying fart. She was forced
  to swallow the gas that expelled from his guts and she pulled back and began
  wailing like a completely lost child.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; Ants! Ants! Ants  !   
Heide was sitting back with her bare butt on the ground. She was in a complete
  stupor. Too much had been done to her. She vaguely saw and felt what was going
  on around her but she had no will to react to her surroundings. Caleb put his
  hands under her sweaty armpits and picked her up as though she weighed nothing
  at all. As he carried her across the ground she was a limp rag with no resistance
  to anything. She was aware that he was setting her down as he lowered her on
  to her butt. She seemed to feel soft granules beneath her rear end but her
  mind was too distant to try to analyze what was being done to her.  
He stepped back with a gentle smile on his face, crossed his arms and watched
  patiently. She was unresponsive. She didn't give a shit any longer. But then,
  something happened to awaken her from her stupor. She felt a horrible stinging
  on the left lip of her pussy. Then she felt two stings directly in her vagina.
  Then she felt several stings around her puckered ass hole. Now she was feeling
  a myriad of stings and bites all over her bottom.  
Her survival instincts kicked in and she jumped up in horror and pain. The
  crazy bastard had set her bare body directly on to a huge anthill. Ants were
  feasting on her sweaty, smelly bottom parts. Now she was flailing away, beating
  at her pussy and ass with her hands. They seemed to be everywhere. Her actions
  generated more sweat and the sweat seemed to make the ants all the more eager.
  Some had actually gotten up into her sex tunnel and were trying to go deeper.
  She had not choice but to dig her fingers up into herself to try to scrape
  them out. She was on fire! Many of the ants had found their way into her beautiful
  bush. They were scurrying around, trying to find a haven in the thatch that
  covered her sex. Frantically she ran her fingers through her bush, trying to
  rake them out. He was watching her with no emotion whatsoever &ndash; perhaps
  a faint smile as he watched her frantically beating away.  
Caleb Comes to Town   
by JEP   
Chapter 7 &ndash; Aroused by a Goat   
When she had finally rid herself of all of the stinging insects he put the
  leash back on her collar and directed her back to her hands and knees. Her
  sex was on fire from the devastation of the ants! He told her he had something
  that would help. As she crawled along behind him he led her to a huge rectangular
  bale of straw. He gave a tug on the leash and told her to lay on her back on
  the straw with her ass hanging over the end. She did so and quickly discovered
  that the individual pieces of straw dug painfully into her shredded back. But,
  she knew better than to complain as she endured the pain.  
He then told her to lift up her legs until her knees rested on her mighty
  tits. He told her she could grasp her thighs with her hands if that helped.
  Once she had attained the position he told her if she moved one bit from that
  pose he would have her head on his wall. She quickly nodded her understanding.
  He then produced a squeeze bottle of pancake syrup. He told her this would
  soothe the stings created by the ants. He then proceeded to squeeze syrup into
  her bush, and completely over the outside surfaces of her pussy. Oddly enough,
  the syrup was cooling the impact of the many stings. He carefully covered each
  pussy lip with the syrup and it made quite an attractive presentation. He then
  inserted the end of the bottle directly into her cunt and gave the bottle a
  hefty squeeze. Immediately the entire remaining contents of the bottle squirted
  into her cunt.  
She jerked a bit because it was a strange feeling to feel her sex completely
  filled with the pancake syrup. However, she maintained her position. Syrup
  was now gradually seeping out of her cunt and running down into the crack of
  her ass. He told her again the penalty of moving from this position. She assured
  him she understood. Then he left briefly and returned leading a billy goat.  
He asked her if she knew that billy goats loved the taste of pancake syrup?
  She suspiciously wagged her head from side to side to indicate that, in fact,
  she did not know this. The goat was an ugly creature but he had a fairly good
  sense of smell. He raised his head to try to locate the direction from whence
  came the syrup odor. He immediately looked at her pussy so deliciously exposed.  
He hopped over, ducked his head and extended his tongue directly into her
  bush. She could see him through her thighs and what she saw was the longest,
  most disgusting looking tongue she had ever imagined. In addition to being
  long it was also quite thick, muscular, and covered with goat slobber. The
  goat immediately began working his tongue ferociously on her pussy as he tried
  to recover every speck of syrup.  
His tongue was so powerful that it was actually feeling like a club beating
  at her sex door. She was crying now at both the intrusion and the degradation.
  Yet she held her position firmly with her thighs raised high. The goat finally
  had extruded every bit of syrup from the surface of her pussy. Now he sensed
  there was more inside the crevice and he plunged his thick tongue directly
  into her cunt hole.  
She squealed at being raped by such an awful creature's tongue. But, she
  held her position. The tongue was now rutting around inside her sex, scavenging
  for more of the sweet stuff. The top of his tongue was now rubbing against
  her clit and the clit was becoming aroused. Her body began producing pussy
  juice to mix with the syrup.  
The goat discovered that the taste of human pussy juice was also quite attractive
  and he began working harder with his tongue. Despite her horrible feelings,
  Heide was becoming aroused. She began wiggling her hips in response to her
  arousal. More juice was being produced and the goat was licking harder.  
Suddenly, Heide let out with a mighty yell as she experienced the strangest
  orgasm she had ever dreamed of. It was the mother of all orgasms. She had never
  experienced anything like it but such a tool had never invaded her cunt. Now
  her pussy was filled with her own juice, with syrup, and with goat slobbers.
  She was beside herself but she felt a chain of orgasms taking over her body
  as she screamed unintelligible words one after another. The goat was tiring
  of having his tongue inside such a tight aperture and he finally withdrew and
  began working on the crack of her ass where some remnants of syrup resided.
  As his tongue began exploring her ass hole, Caleb grabbed the leash on the
  goat and yanked him back.  
He said, "Sorry Billy, that hole's reserved for me!"   
Heide, still holding her thighs, her pussy completely worn out, heard his
  words and knew that sometime her virgin ass hole was going to be filled. She
  shuddered as she thought of how this would probably feel. At the same time,
  she was exhausted from the most fantastic string of orgasms she had ever experienced!
  And, they were at the tongue of a fucking goat!  
"God,"  she thought, "I'm a completely worthless
      slut!"   
Chapter 8 &ndash; Heide Changes Her Values   
He looked down at her as she continued to hold her thighs in the air. Her
  face and neck were flushed from the orgasm she had just experienced. Her huge
  tits were heaving as her lungs tried to suck in more quantities of oxygen.
  Her pussy was bright red and soaked with moisture &ndash; both her own pussy
  juice and goat saliva. Caleb's dick was as hard as it had ever been in his
  life. His overalls were betraying a huge bulge at the crotch.  
She was in pain and yet still re-living the ecstasy she had just experienced.
  She saw his crotch and knew there was a huge dick beneath the telltale bulge.
  She began to fantasize about having a real dick in her wet pussy. She had always
  liked to be fucked when she thought there was love involved. Now, her emotions
  were being held prisoner by a whole new set of standards &ndash; fucking purely
  for the enjoyment of it.  
She shook her head to try to clear her brain and yet she still held up her
  thighs &ndash; displaying her sex to him. Even worse, she could feel herself
  flexing her pussy muscles to move her cunt lips in and out &ndash; and open
  invitation to him to be fucked.  
She said simply, "Please fuck me &ndash; I want to be fucked by
      a man!"   
He dropped the straps on his overalls and they fell to his ankles. He stood
  there in flannel shirt and long, old-fashioned boxer shorts. He put his thumbs
  at the waistband and pushed his shorts down also to his ankles. His red flannel
  shirttail hung low, surrounding his huge dick, framing it and, somehow, making
  it look even more appealing. His dick was pulsating, the huge purple head throbbing,
  a large vein protruding on the side. His piss slit was leaking a dollop of
  pre-cum. She looked at him and realized she had produced this dick.  
Her pussy created even more juice. She asked him to take off his shirt so
  she could see him completely naked. He did. She lay there admiring his slumped,
  yet muscular, farmer's body &ndash; ready to plunge into her. She wanted him
  in her. He moved forward, bent his knees slightly so that his powerful dick
  was directly in line with her sex. Suddenly, with one expert move, he plunged
  forward and his dick buried itself in her cunt. With all of the wetness, it
  went in completely without resistance.  
She screamed with pleasure as she felt his mighty dick head scrape the walls
  of her tunnel of love. She wanted to be fucked! He began humping her in earnest
  and she responded by thrashing about &ndash; her huge tits flowing from side
  to side like an incoming tidal wave. Her nipples were huge and hard as steel.
  They, too, were pulsating in the exact rhythm of the pulsation of his dick
  head &ndash; buried deep within her.  
His gigantic balls were bouncing off her ass &ndash; creating even more sensations
  of pleasure as she began throwing her sex up to him to meet his thrusts. He
  changed positions so he could brace himself. He moved his callused hands and
  placed them directly on each of her mammary. Ordinarily this weight would have
  been quite uncomfortable but she welcomed the weight of his body on her boobs.
  She opened her mouth and wagged her tongue at him &ndash; curling it inward &ndash; inviting
  him into her mouth.  
He ducked his head down, put his thin lips on her full lips, and plunged
  his tongue into her mouth. She began sucking on it eagerly. As his saliva rolled
  into her mouth she swallowed with greed. She wanted his fluids inside of her.
  He suddenly raised up his head and began baying like a coyote. She knew he
  was going to come as his dick became even larger within her.  
She began screaming, "Please don't come yet, please don't come
      yet!"   
Somehow, with great control, he kept fucking her and, at the same time, held
  back on his orgasm.  
Now she was coming, full-fledged orgasms had captured her body and she was
  screaming out of control, "God &ndash; give me your juice &ndash; fuck
  me &ndash; fuck me &ndash; fill me with your cum &ndash; OooooooooooH!"   
He complied. His dick began pumping huge volumes of his sex juice directly
  into her body. He was drooling and as she saw the drool fall downward, she
  moved her head to capture the saliva into her mouth. He was still coming in
  great waves and juice &ndash; both his and hers &ndash; was flushing out the
  edges where his dick and her pussy joined so completely. She had captured a
  complete mouthful of his spit. She was rolling it around in her mouth &ndash; savoring
  the texture and the taste. She pushed it forward on to her lips and then sucked
  it back in. Finally, after she had worked it enough, she swallowed it with
  great, great enjoyment.  
He collapsed on to her full body. His dick was receding. He was breathing
  hard. It was the greatest fuck he had even experienced. It was the greatest
  fuck she had ever experienced.  
Caleb Comes to Town   
by JEP   
Chapter 9 &ndash; Rejection Has a Price   
Their faces only inches apart, he looked deep into her eyes and said, "Next,
      your ass, then your mouth."   
She misjudged her power over him. She said, "I don't want to be
      fucked in the ass!"   
With all other males it had always been a case of fucking equaling power &ndash; power
  to her. She completely misjudged him &ndash; fucking was fucking, not power.
  He raised up in anger &ndash; his eyes narrowed to razor-thin slits. His lips
  were curled in a sneer. His muscles were tense and veins stood out on the side
  of his neck.  
He saw an ear of corn lying beside the bale upon which she rested. He picked
  up the ear and shucked it. He now held the ear &ndash; bright yellow and huge &ndash; fourteen
  inches long, as big around as his wrist and rough as only an ear of corn can
  be rough. He held it by the narrow end, and placed the big end directly on
  to her pussy. As she looked in horror, he rammed the ear into her sex until
  only a couple of inches protruded from her lips. He then placed the palm of
  his hand on the protruding stub and rammed it completely into her.  
She was screaming as the hard kernels ripped the walls of her pussy. She
  had never had anything this deep in her cunt. She turned loose of her thighs
  and they fell down. Yet, they were spread wide because she couldn't put them
  together for the pain that was emanating from her very middle. To her consternation
  he took a length of rope and fastened it around the mid-section of her thighs.
  He secured the two ends with a slipknot and began pulling the noose tight around
  her white, trembling thighs. He was forcing her thighs together and this served
  to completely exasperate the pain in her pussy.  
She was screaming now as her thighs finally touched each other. He tied off
  the noose and she could not separate her thighs. He tied another length of
  rope around her wrists until he had a ten-foot leash connected to her wrists.
  He gave it a jerk and began dragging her on the ground. She was spinning and
  bouncing and she could not separate all of the pain her body was experiencing &ndash; from
  bouncing on the ground, shredding skin on the rocks she hit, and the still-terrible
  ripping of her pussy by the ear of corn.  
All she could see of him was his back and the rippling muscles of his ass
  as he purposely strode toward the barn. When they had entered the barn, he
  threw the leash around an overhead beam and pulled her up off the ground. As
  he secured the rope, she swayed casually in the air. Her shoulders were now
  strained to the limit and, for once, she wished she didn't have this solid
  Swedish body. She was screaming from the pain and offering him anything &ndash; her
  pussy, her ass, her mouth &ndash; anything for relief. He looked at her once,
  turned and walked off to collect his clothes.  
Chapter 10 &ndash; Obedience, At Last   
He returned several hours later and she was completely devastated &ndash; in
  mind, body, and spirit. Her hands were completely numb while her shoulders
  felt as though they were being destroyed. The pain in her pussy had grown steadily
  over the hours and now she felt as though her sex was sending out pain to all
  parts of her body. He was dressed in a shiny, Sears-Roebuck, blue suit.  
He told her that it was Sunday and he was on his way to church. He indicated
  to her that he taught Sunday School. Her mind was reeling form this bit of
  news. He told her that in a spirit of outreach he was going to remove the ear
  of corn from her pussy and let her down. She was wondering what kind of hypocritical
  bastard this son-of-a-bitch was? But, she ignored this contradiction as she
  begged him for relief &ndash; promising to do anything to give him pleasure.  
He only smiled knowingly. She also wondered how he was going to remove the
  vegetable that was imbedded in her cunt? He produced a corkscrew. With one
  hand he separated the lips of her pussy and looked up into her tunnel. He could
  just see the flat end of the cob. He inserted the corkscrew and began twisting
  it gradually into the cob. He suggested to her that she not move a muscle lest
  he slip and imbed the corkscrew in the walls of her pussy. She complied completely
  as she stiffened like a board. Finally, the corkscrew was completely inserted.
  He then began rocking it back and forth and twisted it at the same time. She
  felt as though she were being split in two but she willed her body to be still.  
It gradually began working its way out as the separate corn kernels seemed
  to rip her tender inner tissues as though sandpaper were being extracted from
  her. As he finally withdrew the entire length of the vegetable, droplets of
  blood were coating the yellow corn while other juices flowed slowly from inside
  of her body. She was crying with great pain and moaning unintelligible sounds
  from her pulsating mouth.  
He then reached high with his pocketknife and severed the rope that held
  her wrists. She fell in a heap of pained flesh, almost wrapped around his feet.
  She immediately began kissing his boots and cooed words of appreciation. He
  knew he had attained a new plateau with her. He slipped a leash onto her collar
  and she crawled obediently behind him as he led her to the doghouse. As he
  secured her to the structure she immediately flattened herself and crawled
  gratefully into her domicile. She was home!  
Chapter 11 &ndash; Am I a Dog  ?   
He returned in mid afternoon. His church had hosted a potluck dinner for
  all of its members. There was a whole bag of chicken bones that he had requested
  under the guise of taking them to his dogs. The bones were fairly well picked
  clean and quite greasy. He stopped outside of the doghouse and emptied the
  bones onto the ground in front of her house. She stuck her head out of the
  aperture and he told her that was her treat.  
"However,"  he said, "no hands &ndash; or
      else!"   
She responded by thanking him with great sincerity. She crawled out of the
  house and began gnawing on the bones, using only her mouth and lips to grasp
  the remnants of someone else's meal. She could not believe she was doing this
  but she had to admit they did have a good flavor. She was able to suck off
  some of the remaining pieces of meet, gristle, and skin. Because she could
  not use her hands the bones tended to be coated with dirt but she ignored that.
  When she had finished her face and lips were coated with grease and particles
  of garbage. She didn't even notice.  
He returned, fully clothed and looked down at her sleeping body. She was
  outside the doghouse, lying on her side. She had tried lying on her back but
  her back was still incredibly sore from her whipping. She had tried lying on
  her stomach but this was too painful to her pussy that was still aching from
  the stretching it had endured. She had finally dropped into a fitful sleep,
  lying on her side. Her right hand was covering her pussy that she had been
  massaging in the hopes of obtaining some relief.  
Caleb could have kicked her to awaken her but for some reason he simply nudged
  her with his toe and told her to wake up. He released her leash from the doghouse
  and told her they were going for a walk &ndash; which meant, of course, that
  he would be walking and she would be crawling on her hands and knees. He told
  her he was going to inspect a field around which he had recently installed
  an electric fence. The fence consisted of a single wire, about twenty-six inches
  above the ground. The wire was charged with a strong dose of electricity. He
  said its purpose was to control some livestock although she didn't see any
  from her vantage point.  
He walked at a fairly good clip and she had to scurry to keep up. Her hands
  and knees were being torn to shreds and she was quickly working up a strong
  sweat. She could smell herself and it wasn't pleasant. She had always been
  meticulous about her personal appearance and somehow this odor was much more
  unpleasant than she would have imagined.  
They finally came to the "fence" and she looked with a bit of trepidation
  at the gleaming single strand of wire. He pulled on her leash and told her
  to stand up and straddle the wire. She did so fearfully and found that it was
  just a couple of inches below her pussy. He then told her to lower herself
  onto the glimmering wire. She looked pleadingly at him and he responded by
  reaching for the whip that was hanging from a loop in his overalls.  
She began crying as she slowly began bending her knees to lower her body.
  She could hear the pulsating hum of current flowing through the wire. When
  just a thin amount of space separated her sex from the wire, he placed his
  hands on her shoulders and rammed her body downward. She screamed as her two
  pussy lips exactly surrounded the wire and tremendous bolts of electricity
  coursed through her sex and onward to the upper portions of her torso.  
He was wearing rubber gloves and so the current flowing through her body
  didn't faze him. She was screaming at the top of her lungs as her nipples became
  rock hard, her pussy hair stood straight out, and her thigh muscles began convulsing.  
Finally, after what seemed an eternity, he moved his hands beneath her armpits
  and lifted her body completely off of the wire. She was gasping for breath
  and her eyes were wide with fear and astonishment. It was her first experience
  with electricity and she hoped there would never be another. Her hope was soon
  to be dashed. He led her for what seemed miles of crawling until they had reached
  the opposite side of the fenced plot of land.  
She began begging him, "Please, please, please, don't make me put
      my pussy on the wire! I beg of you! I will do anything!"   
He replied, "First of all, you will do anything anyway. However,
      I am not without mercy. You will not have to put your pussy on the wire
      again."   
She gripped his legs with both arms as she huddled near him and said, "Thank
      you &ndash; thank you &ndash; thank you!"   
She then found out the irony of his extension of mercy. He told her to rise
  up on her knees and to lower both of her nipples on to the shiny, humming wire.
  Tears filled her eyes and she begged more for mercy. He again reached for the
  whip. She slowly rose until she was on her knees. She shuffled forward until
  her large tits were just above the wire.  
Then, she slowly began lowering her body as her two frightened nipples came
  closer and closer to the wire. As her nipples approached the wire, two little
  hairs near her right areola began straightening out and reaching for the charged
  wire.  
Again, he put both hands on her shoulders and pushed her to close the remaining
  distance. Her nipples touched the wire and she felt as though two eternal bolts
  of lightning were striking her tits. Her nipples were stuck to the wire. She
  tried to pull back but his hands and the force of the electricity would not
  allow her nipples to be released. They were becoming hot and she thought she
  could almost smell her nipple flesh frying. Her tit meat was rolling beneath
  the skin, almost giving the appearance of tidal waves beneath her tit skin.
  She was vomiting in great convulsions as she lost whatever possible nutrition
  she might have gained from gleaning the used chicken bones.  
He finally released her and her body sprung back from the awful torment.
  He jerked her leash but she was too used up to even move. In exasperation,
  he picked her up like a bag of flour, threw her over his shoulder and returned
  to her "house". He threw her to the ground and quickly secured her leash to
  her doghouse.  
As she slowly regained consciousness she realized that she had to take a
  pro-active stance if she was to avoid total punishment. She knew that he wanted
  her ass hole and she knew that he wanted her to give it willingly. She determined
  that she would gladly let him fuck her in the ass if this is what it would
  take to avoid being subjected to more pain. She was sure his huge dick would
  hurt her ass but she also knew that her ass would surely expand to meet the
  need just as her pussy had expanded over the years since the first time she
  was fucked.  
When he finally returned he was a bit startled. She had heard him coming
  and she had prepared herself. She was on her knees with her body leaned forward
  so that her shoulders and head rested on the ground. She had reached behind
  herself and spread her ass cheeks as far apart as possible. She had oriented
  herself so that her ass would be pointed directly at him. What he saw was a
  powerful ass, pulled apart, and a beautiful anal hole winking at him.  
She was pulsating her hands on her ass cheeks so that the hole opened and
  shut and seemed to say, "Come on in!"   
He didn't hesitate. He was already naked and his dick had snapped immediately
  to attention. The large purple dick head was already pulsating and salivating
  at the thought of entering this secret tunnel. He was quickly down on his knees
  and his dick began knocking at the anal rim. The rim put up one hell of a resistance
  against the foreign invader. Yet, his dick was relentless and with one mighty
  surge he had destroyed all resistance and his huge dick was buried to the hilt
  inside of her dark tunnel.  
Despite her best intentions, she screamed as her defenses were defeated and
  her bowels were invaded. She felt his pendulous balls slapping against her
  bottom and that, coupled with the pain in her guts, told her she was being
  fucked mightily in the ass. He quickly established a rhythm and his dick finally
  began sliding in and out of her back hole. She caught his rhythm and soon she
  was cycling her ass in a way to match his timing.  
She could hear his balls slapping against her skin and he could feel his
  thick pubic hair rubbing against the inner skin of her ass crack. Her great
  tits were swaying in the air and they, too, seemed to have a life of their
  own. Soon she could feel her nipples getting hard and the many nerve endings
  of pleasure in her ass began to take over from the nerve endings that caused
  pain.  
His balls had distended even more with his sexual arousal and they were now
  bouncing off of her clit. Now she was feeling the rise of sexual arousal and
  as his dick began throbbing against the inner walls of her ass, she knew he,
  too, was being mightily aroused. Somehow, despite her newness at ass-fucking,
  she could tell that he was about to come.  
As his piss slit began squirting his juice into her guts, she too felt a
  strange, but strong, orgasm taking over her body. Now she was shouting unintelligible
  words and bucking her head up and down. Her blonde hair was bouncing off of
  the back of her neck and her tits were slapping her torso. Her ass hole was
  pulsating and squeezing his dick, trying to milk every iota of love juice from
  his groin. All at once, for the first time in his life, he was shouting guttural,
  animalistic sounds as his balls continued to pump cream into her inner sanctum
  of guts. He had lost control of himself for the first time in memory.  
As he finally pumped out the last drop of cum he collapsed forward and rested
  on her back. She felt as though she were holding up a ton of manliness but
  she felt a sense of satisfaction as she realized she had entered new territory
  in her own life and as she realized she had momentarily taken control of him.
  This feeling of satisfaction was soon to be discarded.  
He had left her for several hours as she stayed hitched to her house and
  experienced the strange feeling of cum rolling around in her guts and gradually
  seeping from her ass hole. When he returned, still naked, he told her that
  his two brothers &ndash; Clem and Seth &ndash; were coming to visit. She was
  shocked when he told her they were identical triplets. Her mind swirled at
  the thought of three of these sick bastards roaming the earth.  
He told her there was no need to lead her with the leash. He just wanted
  her to move on her hands and knees slightly behind him and to the left &ndash; he
  wanted her to 'heel'. She followed him obediently, up the steps into his house,
  down the hall and into the trophy room.  
She was astounded at what she saw. There were three of them &ndash; exactly
  alike! They had the same physique, the same slightly receding hairline, the
  same huge dicks, the same mat of hair everywhere on their body, and the same
  posture. For some reason her eyes kept roaming to their balls as she noted
  that all three sets looked exactly alike &ndash; they were interchangeable!  
The two of them were each sitting in a chair, their massive balls and dicks
  hanging over the front edge. They were both drinking bottles of cheap beer.
  One of them(Seth?) told her to come over because he needed a footstool. She
  shuffled over on her hands and knees and placed herself directly in front of
  him. He raised up his size 16 feet and plopped them down on to the small of
  her back. His callused heels dug into her wounded back and she let out a gasp.  
Then the three brothers began to talk about her as though she weren't there.
  They discussed her huge tits hanging down so invitingly, they summarized the
  quality of her great ass. Somehow, as they discussed how great her ass looked,
  she almost felt a sense of pride.  
She thought, "My God, what is happening to me?"   
One brother(Clem?), told how from his angle he could see the patch of hair
  between her legs and he told her to separate her thighs more so he could have
  a better look. She could not believe her own feelings as she separated her
  thighs even more, almost with a sense of satisfaction that these bastards wanted
  to see her better. She knew she was descending into a pit of total degradation
  if she could derive satisfaction from such despicable acts.  
Her back was aching and she almost felt relief when one of the other adult
  triplets beckoned her to come over because he had need of her. She crawled
  over and he told her to point her ass at him, back up, and separate her cheeks
  with her hands. She had no idea what he had in store but she did so with as
  much efficiency as she could muster. As he looked down at her fine crack &ndash; separated
  completely &ndash; he told her he needed to put out his cigar and he had no
  ashtray.  
As terror began to overcome her thoughts he plunged the stub of the stogie
  directly into her spread ass crack, about four inches above her ass hole. She
  screamed in total agony as the smell of her burning ass skin filled the room.
  She instinctively released her grip on her ass cheeks and he, at the same time,
  released the hold on his cigar stub. Her ass cheeks clapped together, gripping
  the cigar and all that could be seen was the very end of the well-chewed cigar.  
She collapsed forward and momentarily lost consciousness. She awoke with
  a sense of fullness. Fullness because three dicks were planted in her. Her
  ass burned like a son of a bitch but this feeling was exceeded by the feeling
  of three huge dicks rutting around inside of her. One of the brothers was on
  his back, his erect penis pointing straight upward. She had been placed directly
  down on him with his dick buried in her ass hole. She had been pulled back
  so that her body was resting on his chest. Another brother was lying on top
  of her, his dick buried in her pussy. Somehow, they had spread open her mouth
  so that the remaining brother could kneel at her head and drape his pulsating
  dick directly into her mouth. His mighty balls were resting on her forehead.  
They were all three pumping with similar cycles. Somehow she could tell that
  all three dicks were exactly the same in length, diameter, and texture. The
  huge dick heads were identical. She felt as though she were one huge fuck machine
  and she simply lay there, letting them use her body as a parking space for
  their sex tools. As they continued to pump her, their pace picked up and she
  sensed some sort of unspoken communication between them.  
Then, all at once they began pumping their seed into all of her orifices.
  Their squirts were identical in timing, size, and feel. They seemed to have
  an endless amount of cum and they made no sounds whatsoever as they squirted
  into her body. She could feel the cum sloshing in her pussy. She could feel
  the cum burrowing its way into her ass guts. She could feel the cum filling
  her mouth as she swallowed to keep up with the volume that her mouth was receiving.  
At the same time, all of the action was causing the brother on the bottom
  to scrub his pubic hair into her freshly burned ass crack. She wished she could
  die! She knew she wouldn't! The brother in her mouth withdrew first. His slimy
  dick slowly crawled out of her mouth, over her nose, between her eyes, across
  her forehead, and through the front part of her blonde hair. It left behind
  a trail of his juices.  
The brother in her pussy withdrew next. As his dick pulled out, the mushroom
  head scraped sex juices along with it, pulling some of it out of her cunt and
  leaving a trail through her pubic hair.  
Finally, the brother on the bottom pushed her upward, ejecting his dick from
  her ass in one quick motion. As she moved upward a long stream of cum hung
  from her ass hole, swaying in the air. He threw her to one side in a heap.
  She was breathing hard at all of the exertion that had been expended on her
  and she wondered what would be next?  
She watched as they each sat down, their wet dicks slowly receding into a
  flaccid state. One of them picked up a slab of chewing tobacco and bit off
  a huge chaw. He passed it around and soon all three of them were contentedly
  chewing away, building up a mouthful of tobacco juices.  
By now, she had lost track of who was who since they were all identical.
  One of them told her they were going to play a game similar to darts &ndash; except
  that she was the board. He told her to get on her back, heist up her legs with
  her hands so that her pussy was clearly available.  
She seemed to sense what was coming but her last remaining visage of logic
  refused to accept it. She complied, and her pussy was high in the air with
  her legs up and spread wide. She was trembling as one brother walked up directly
  before her and planted himself about three feet from her upraised pussy.  
Another brother(Caleb?) pointed to the set of mounted heads and suggested
  she best not move. She shuddered as her eyes saw the heads of her predecessors.
  Then the brother before her, hauled back and shot a huge load of tobacco at
  her pussy. It hit the inside part of her left thigh, bounced off and just missed
  her right pussy lip.  
She cried as the stuff hit her and began dribbling down her body. Then, another
  brother took the same position, let fly, and his tobacco-laden spittle missed
  completely, hitting her deep navel, bouncing upward as it hit the underside
  of her right breast.  
Tears were beginning to fill her eyes as the next brother took his position,
  spat a mighty load at her and his wad hit her pussy dead center. As the tobacco
  worked its way into her tender tissues, her pussy began burning as though iodine
  had been poured on it. Now she was crying openly and they were ignoring her
  reactions.  
They told her to get up on her knees and hoist her tits upward and outward.
  She thought of the heads on the wall and hastened to comply. She was quickly
  on her knees, her hands under her heavy breasts, supporting them as high as
  she could.  
The brothers had reloaded and were chewing furiously. A brother let fly and
  his wad landed directly on to her left nipple. The wad rested on top of the
  nipple as juices flowed down around it, dribbling down into her bush. The next
  brother displayed equal accuracy as his wad hit just above her right nipple
  and splattered across the areola. Tears were flowing down her cheeks and they
  fell on to her breasts mingling with their tobacco chew and saliva.  
The last brother let fly and he wasn't even close. Did he miss on purpose?
  His wad landed exactly in the middle of her forehead. It began dribbling down
  into her eyes, along each side of her nose and on to her upper lip. The tobacco
  burned in her eyes and now tears were pouring profusely from them.  
Now, they told her to lift up her head and open her mouth wide. Again, they
  referred to the mounted heads on the wall. She could not believe they were
  going to do this and yet she knew that her mouth was going to become their
  spittoon. All three of them spit simultaneously and all three wads landed together,
  exactly into the center of her open mouth. She gagged and coughed as the wads
  entered her mouth and filled it to overfilling. As she gagged she swallowed
  some of the chews and the room began swirling around her. They told her to
  begin chewing. She chewed for the first time in her life. She chewed their
  already-chewed tobacco. It was the most disgusting thing she had ever done!
  She would have gladly sucked a thousand dicks before doing this! Little did
  she realize that her preference might soon come true.  
They had hosed her off by pissing on her simultaneously.  
Chapter 12 &ndash; Heide Finally Becomes Domesticated   
During the next four months Heide finally became a domesticated piece of
  livestock whose sole purpose in life was sex and degradation.  
Walking upright was a distant memory as she only moved about on all fours.
  She had actually become quite nimble at scurrying from place to place as directed.
  And, she provided a marvelous sight as her ass swayed in the air from the action
  of her strong thighs. Her tits were constantly crashing in to each other and
  rebounding away as she ran on her four limbs. Caleb liked to watch her patch
  of pubic hair that peeked out beneath her ass crack when he stood behind her.  
She now considered her doghouse her true home and she enjoyed curling up
  in the corner at night as she contemplated what sexual adventure she might
  have the next day. Caleb did have a vivid imagination! When the moon was full
  she would climb up to the peak of the room of her house. She would willingly
  grind the pink part of her pussy into the granular shingles so that she had
  even more reason to howl at the moon. Caleb found this sound soothing and it
  always put him into a restful sleep at night.  
She had also marked five trees as her own. These were where she pissed. She
  would crawl up to one of them, on all fours of course, lift her left leg and
  piss mightily on to the bark of the selected tree. Her piss would naturally
  splash many droplets on to her naked skin but she was oblivious to this. She
  had to indicate to Caleb when she was going to piss &ndash; by scratching her
  left hand three times &ndash; so that he could follow and watch. For some reason
  he really got a charge out of watching her piss.  
Caleb now invited all of his cousins &ndash; and there was a horde of them &ndash; to
  come visit and play with his new animal. Her pussy and ass were off limits
  but her mouth was fair game. She was constantly giving blow jobs all day. Her
  throat was always coated with the phlegm of their cum. This was not a major
  problem since Caleb would no longer let her speak words. She could whine, meow,
  or bark &ndash; but she could absolutely not communicate like a person. She
  was NOT a person anymore!  
Saturdays were a special event. That was the night the Caleb invited his
  two brothers over for dinner. As they sat around the kitchen table eating their
  meal, they were always naked from the waist down. Heide would be beneath the
  table, going from one brother to the other, to nuzzle their nuts with her nose
  and tongue. If she was particularly good one of them would slip her a bone
  under the table so that she could chew and suck off the remaining scraps of
  gristle and meat. This was a special treat for her. True &ndash; it was garbage.
  But it was human food garbage and this was always better than the dog food
  she was given for her daily diet. If she nuzzled them a bit too hard, there
  was punishment in the form of a bare foot kicking savagely into her side. The
  brothers rarely trimmed their toenails so this always left a scar on her smooth
  body. These were just additional scars from those she already had. The worse
  were the initials that each brother had carved into her ass cheeks. The pain
  from these seemed to be with her always.  
After dinner was fucking time. She would go to the middle of the den, beneath
  the mounted heads, and display her sex. Their sex routine varied. Sometimes
  they would simply choose a hole and all of them would take turns fucking that
  one hole. By the time all three of them had cum in her the first one was ready
  to go again. The "lucky" hole would be oozing and dripping cum after a couple
  of hours of this constant fucking. The boys could come in massive loads &ndash; and &ndash; seemingly
  in an unending series due to their fantastic sexual stamina.  
After fucking, it was target practice. She would go out on the porch, sit
  back on her haunches and watch forlornly as they pulled up rocking chairs in
  a semi-circle before her. Then, the chaws would disappear in to their mouths
  as they worked them vigorously with their strong jaws. She was the target.
  They were already quite deadly with their aim so she failed to understand why
  they had to constantly practice. Her nipples, her navel, her mouth, her eyes,
  and her nostrils seemed to be favorite targets. The slimy, brownish-green substance
  would grow in ferocity as her entire body became coated. All of it seemed to
  slowly flow downward and collect in her bush. When they had grown weary of
  this "practice", each of them would go up to her, bend down, and plant their
  full open mouth onto hers. She knew to open her mouth in response. Then they
  would slowly push the remaining chaw of tobacco into her mouth. When all three
  had finished her cheeks would bulge out like a chipmunk as she tried to chew
  the used, slimy, evil tobacco in a manner that suited them. She hated this
  part of the evening. It was only surpassed by what followed next &ndash; Saturday
  night bath time!  
She was first. Only it wasn't a bath for her, it was a shower &ndash; a golden
  shower. They brothers had been drinking beer and coffee throughout the evening
  and their bladders were apparently quite full. They gathered around her and
  the pissing began. God they could piss a lot of piss! She had to give them
  credit, when they finished, all of the chewing tobacco that had coated her
  now resided in a puddle around her. However, the piss all over her body really
  was not an improvement. And, to fully complete her degradation, somehow she
  always managed to swallow the old tobacco that they had forced into her mouth.  
Then it was time for their baths! It was to be a tongue bath by her. She
  would start with their crotch. This was now a bit scaly from the previous fucking
  that evening. She would try to suck in the coagulated sex juices and swallow
  them in one gulp. She tried to convince herself that this was the best way
  to avoid the taste and texture. It was bullshit! It was awful no matter what
  technique was used. Then she had to lick their balls completely of the week's
  accumulation of sweat and smelly bacteria.  
When they turned around and bent over it was up to her to spread their cheeks
  and lick their crack and asshole clean. And cleaning their asshole meant the
  outside AND the inside as far as her tongue could reach. The ears were always
  next. God, how could something so remote from a sexual area be so gross!!!
  She would tongue the earwax loose and suck it into her mouth. It was actually
  worse then the scaly sex juices! Next she would lick the lint out of their
  navels and from between their toes. The last part was the worse! She had to
  like their hairy armpits! They never used deodorant, so, after a week there
  was a ferocious accumulation of sweat and body odor. They seemed to understand
  how horrible this was for her so they always claimed that she hadn't done a
  good job and must repeat that part of the process. By now her body was gagging
  but the worse was yet to come!  
It was Saturday night shit time! Caleb had built an outhouse that was a four-holer.
  They would go out to the biffy with Heide crawling along behind. They would
  each sit over the holes, leaving one of the middle holes vacant. She had to
  kneel before it and put her face down into the hole as far as she could bob
  her head. Then the shitting began! If the boys could cum and piss in bucketloads,
  they could shit in wagonloads. As her face was down facing the pit below, splashes
  would fly upward and coat her face. Even worse was the smell. God they could
  fart and shit forever! It was her least favorite part of the Saturday evening
  ritual. Even animals did not have to withstand this type of assault!  
Chapter 13 &ndash; Thirteen is REALLY Unlucky  !   
She had been with Caleb for five months. Little did she know that he always
  got fresh supplies every six months. He also did not like to have old supplies
  lying around. So he had made plans to dispose of her. On a Sunday morning,
  he and his two brothers returned from church and Sunday School. It was the
  beginning of the end of this era for her.  
They hosed her down to wash away all filth and sex remnants. Then they threw
  her naked, dripping body onto the floor of the cab of a pickup cab. Two of
  them were in the front seat and one of them was in the small back seat. The
  one on the passenger side had his feet squarely on her face and tits. She was
  naked. They were clothed.  
She bumped and bounced on the floor of the cab, as they seemed to drive for
  hours. When they finally stopped and lifted her up, she found that they were
  in the middle of a train yard. The yard was filled with boxcars. It was almost
  completely dark as one of them carried her with his hand clamped over her mouth.
  Caleb threw her up into an empty boxcar, climbed in and took her to one end
  of the car.  
He attached a leash to her collar and secured it to a nail he drove into
  the wall. He used duct tape to secure her hands behind her. This caused her
  large Scandinavian tits to jut out prominently. The brothers pulled her legs
  apart as far as they would go, drove nails into the floor of the car and secured
  her legs so that they were wide open. Her pussy lips were spread. They then
  thanked her for all of the pleasures she had given them and left with the steady
  gait of a farmer walking across his field.  
As she assessed her situation she made a fatal mistake. She began screaming.
  Her screams only attracted the attention of a group of illegal, immigrant Mexicans.
  As they hopped into the car and looked at the end from where the screams were
  originating, their faces broke into broad smiles. She looked up and saw the
  faces of at least a dozen, swarthy, sweaty, swarming Latinos.  
One said to the group in Spanish, "This is a great country!"  She
  couldn't understand Spanish but she knew she had descended into a deep pile
  of horror!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JEP


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





