BDSM Library - Execution of a Soccer Mom




Execution of a Soccer Mom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful 36yr old wife and mother is sentence, punitively punished and put to death in futuristic society.EXECUTION OF A SOCCER MOM  
A future fiction/fantasy by Jill Crokett  
Prolog  
The United States had changed profoundly by the early 22nd Century. Terrorists
  had detonated a nuclear bomb in Southern California a half-century earlier,
  throwing America into a spiral of ethical decay and economic collapse.  
The paranoia that followed brought on the revocation of basic rights and
  the amending of the Constitution - removing the clause forbidding &quot;cruel
  and unusual punishment&quot; and replacing it with a clause guaranteeing &quot;appropriate
  punishment for the crime.&quot; Polls showed that most Americans agreed with
  the changes. Believing they were victims, they wanted justice. Feeling wounded,
  they demanded brutal justice. Juries handed out death bizarre sentences at
  an increasing rate. As a budgetary consideration, traditional 'time in prison'
  sentences were now frequently passed over for severe corporal punishments,
  all legalized by the new constitutional amendment.  
America had evolved into a land emotionally numb and ethically bankrupt -
  a land of many victims &ndash; and in desperate need of perpetrators to punish.
  This is the story of Karen Sebring, a 36-year-old wife and mother who lived
  in that time.  
Condemned  
The matronly and overweight 54-year-old Women's Federal Punishment Center
  Warden Anne Bowden had other problem prisoners to deal with, but the high-profile
  capital sentence case regarding 36-year-old Karen Sebring of Las Vegas, Nevada
  was holding her attention. Sebring had been convicted of hiring two hit men
  to murder her handsome and successful casino-owner husband and his socialite
  mother in a bizarre eighty-million-dollar insurance and inheritance scheme.
  The plan was botched by the hit men, resulting in the death of not only her
  husband and mother-in-law, but also three other innocent bystanders, including
  a 7-year-old-boy.  
Sebring had been sentenced to death, but for some reason the judge decided
  not to make the method of death know until just days before the execution.
  This practice was not all that unusual, since most death sentences now contained
  an additional punitive punishment to be applied just before death. Warden Bowden
  had just received word from the judge regarding both parts of the sentence,
  and she decided not to tell Mrs. Sebring until the morning of the execution. "There's
  no sense in making it worse for her," she thought. The hit men arrested with
  Karen Sebring had already been brutally put to death at a men's federal punishment
  facility.  
Karen  
Karen Sebring was an extremely attractive 36-year-old wife and the mother
  of an active 15-year-old teenage daughter. The press had labeled her both "the
  Princess Diana look-alike murderer" and "the soccer mom killer." The pert,
  early middle-aged female was 5 ft. 4 inches tall and of medium build. She weighed
  124 lbs., had B-cup breasts, a narrow waist, and full, rounded buttocks. She
  appeared to be somewhat athletic. Her flawless fair complexion was lightly
  tanned. Karen had crystal blue eyes and her short blond hair was done in a
  carefree 'Dorothy Hamill' style. When Karen smiled she revealed dimpled cheeks
  and perfect enamel-white teeth. When she entered a room, she was accustomed
  to having all eyes on her.  
The Death Room  
The cavernous death chamber appeared as if it were a darkened empty high
  school gymnasium, or possibly a small but very clean aircraft hangar. At one
  end a group of well-dressed middle-aged men and women sat somewhat nervously
  in 23 plastic chairs lined in a single neat row facing the center of the gymnasium.
  There were approximately an equal number of men and women in the group, and
  no one spoke. The chamber echoed slightly as several of the witnesses cleared
  their throats. The air in the chamber was a cool 62 degrees. From the four
  corners of the high ceiling, stage lights illuminated the empty concrete floor
  in the center of the chamber. The illuminated center of the chamber was completely
  empty, except for a single square 4" x 4" steel post which rose to a height
  of only 4 feet out of the concrete. The post's height could be hydraulically
  adjusted. On the gray-enamel painted concrete floor, positioned 10 inches directly
  in front of the square steel post, was a large covered shower drain similar
  to what would be found in the floor of a large public shower.  
Submission  
At precisely 7:50 a.m. ten uniformed male prison guards carried 34-year-old
  Karen Sebring into the death chamber. She was securely strapped down to a 5-inch-wide "Y" shaped
  aluminum frame, her arms firmly restrained at multiple points straight over
  her head with her wrists several inches apart. The frame of the aluminum cross
  transitioned into its "Y" shape just below her waist, with her ankles spread
  a full 5 feet apart, fully separating her labia. Her legs were securely strapped
  to the frame at multiple points along her ankles, calves, and thighs. Torso
  straps restrained her at the waist and across the rib cage, just below her
  breasts. The aluminum cross had been custom-made to fit her 5'4" frame and
  its length precisely ended at her hands and heels.  
As the "Y" shaped cross was carried stretcher-like into the center of the
  chamber, it became apparent to the experienced witnesses that Karen Sebring
  had just received a full obstetrical prep shaving which included her dark-pink
  anus. The position of her outstretched arms completely flattened her B-cup
  breasts, revealing only pink, rigidly erect nipples. Her mouth was secured
  with a ball gag which had a large breathing hole.  
In the preceding hour, 34-year-old Mrs. Karen Sebring, socialite wife, PTA
  member, mom, and now condemned prisoner number F307746-N, had been stripped,
  strapped down spread eagle on a wide gurney, clean-shaven, administered an
  enema, and had her bladder emptied by urethral catheter &ndash; all this done
  in the presence of a dozen prison guards. Her body had then been hand washed
  and towel dried by female guards, after which she was administered three injections
  of medication, two designed to prevent her from losing consciousness, and the
  third to prevent nausea. She had not been given breakfast and she had not received
  anything to eat or drink since 6 p.m. the night before.  
Five male guards expeditiously bolted the head and arms end of the aluminum "Y" frame
  firmly to the short square steel post raising out of the concrete are her floor.
  Karen was now upside down, the fingers of her outstretched hands almost touching
  the floor. Her spread and shaved naked body glistened, the stage-lights illuminating
  her inverted female form. Her brightly illuminated widespread legs now clearly
  revealed her clitoris and inner labia minora. She was directly facing the witnesses,
  who sat about 40 ft. away. Her only movement was that of her wide, terror filled
  eyes which darted around the room, and her nipples which raised and lowered
  with the heaving of her rapid breathing.  
Final Sentence  
Karen Sebring had been sentenced to death two months earlier, but the details
  of her execution were withheld by the court at that time, pending a sentencing
  review. She would now, stripped, spread, and clean shaved before total strangers,
  hear the final verdict of the sentencing judge.  
Dressed in a dark blue business suit and white blouse, Federal Women's Punishment
  Processing Center Warden Anne Bowden approached Karen and addressed the condemned
  female prisoner.  
"Karen Marie Sebring, having been found guilty of four cases of Capital Murder
  and one case of Child Capital Murder, it is hereby the order of the Federal
  High Court and with the blessing of Chief Sentencing Judge Suzanne Proler,
  that you shall at this hour, and without benefit of anesthesia, undergo a complete
  female circumcision including a total clitorectomy. This procedure will be
  immediately followed by a total bilateral labiectomy and nipplectomy. Upon
  excision, these tissues shall simultaneously be laser-cauterized to prevent
  blood loss. You shall be administered medication so that you might maintain
  consciousness throughout these procedures.&quot;  
Karen Sebring's eyes flooded as tears rolled down over her forehead, soaking
  her tossed blond locks. Deep, hysterical moaning echoed through the ball gag,
  only interrupted by momentary heaving and convulsing of her chest. Though gagged,
  she desperately pleaded for mercy with her eyes.  
&quot;Following the completion of the punitive punishment procedures, an
  incision shall be made from your peritoneum, through your symphysis pubis,
  and down to your zyphoid process, and your internal organs will then be harvested
  for human transplantation. May God have mercy on your soul. You may now make
  a brief final statement."  
As a guard released the ball gag Karen screamed, sobbing, &quot;please no,
  no, don't do this, I loved him, I loved my husband so much, I promise I'll
  do anything, anything you ask, no God please stop, I loved my husband, please
  don't do this to me, please just hang me, please, please hang me. &#59241;  &plusmn;  
With a nod from Warden Bowden the gag was quickly and firmly strapped back
  in place as several other guards firmly retightened all of Karen's restraint
  straps. Doors immediately flung open to the left of the chamber.  
Nightmare  
Pulling on latex surgical gloves, Dr. Wexler quickly entered the death chamber
  accompanied by a team of male and female assistants pushing stainless steel
  carts. The team was dressed in matching white lab coats and quickly took their
  pre-determined positions. Wexler briskly placed a cold stethoscope next to
  Karen's left nipple and listened against her heaving chest. Hyperventilating,
  saliva from her ball gag drooled down into her short blond hair.  
Wexler carefully examined Karen's inverted, most-feminine tissues, spreading
  apart her labia, and, pulling downward, exposed her clitoris from underneath
  its hood. Karen could clearly see as Wexler picked up a curved, threaded suturing
  needle and, holding her left labia between his gloved fingers, threaded the
  needle through the forward lip and handed the nylon string to the assistant
  to his left. Firmly and totally restrained, Karen futilely tried to buck violently
  as he had threaded the needle through her feminine lip.  
He then repeated the procedure on the right labial lip.  
Wexler then instructed the assistants on either side of him to gently but
  firmly tug open the folds at either side of the clitoris, stretching open the
  inner labia minora so that he might better dissect the hood of the clitoris.
  As Wexler spoke, a small microphone on his lapel clearly relayed his technical-sounding
  voice to the witnesses.  
As the assistants pulled the nylon threads to each side, stretching open
  the labia, Wexler's gloved middle and index fingers carefully stretched the
  clean-shaven skin on Karen's mons pubis, drawing back the clitoral hood. Wexler
  then, with his right hand, carefully threaded another needle directly up through
  the center of Karen Sebring's clitoris.  
The witnesses sat tensed as the only part of Karen Sebring's body that she
  could move slightly, her head, rapidly flailed from side to side. Sticky saliva
  dangled from her gag breath hole as tears of humiliation and pain flung from
  her shaking temples and forehead. Through the gag's air hole witnesses heard
  the unintelligible language of horror.  
A third assistant standing behind the frame, and facing Wexler, was handed
  the clitoral nylon thread. He held it straight up as Wexler now carefully circumcised
  Karen's clitoral hood and its small adjoining inner lips, making tiny snips
  with a small pair of chrome surgical scissors. As Karen bucked violently, screaming
  through her ball gag, guards retightened her restraints. Wexler instructed
  the three assistants to spread the labia even wider and to lift the now threaded
  clitoris even higher. Dr. Wexler, now using a small surgical scalpel, carefully
  began to excise Mrs. Sebring's most intimate feminine tissue, slowly slicing
  off the entire clitoris. As he did, a small amount of urine momentarily sprayed
  up from her urethra. Karen Sebring's beautiful face contorted, her eyes rolling
  up into her head.  
Wexler stepped back as a fourth assistant, a female, applied a burning surgical
  cauterizing instrument to stop bleeding. Wexler placed the excised threaded
  clitoris on a small silver tray. Motioning upward with his hands, Wexler indicated
  that he wanted Karen to be moved higher. Immediately the 4"x4" steel post hydraulically
  raised up from the floor, stopping when Karen's nipples are level with Wexler's
  chest. She stares hysterically as Wexler picked up another threaded suturing
  needle with his right hand.  
Firmly pinching her right nipple and areola with his left hand, and pulling
  it away from her body, Wexler quickly threaded the needle twice through the
  base of her nipple in an X fashion. Stepping aside and holding the thread straight
  out, Wexler pulled tight on the strong nylon thread, lifting the breast away
  for the chest. He then picks up a slightly larger pair of stainless surgical
  scissors, and with the same slow, methodical motions he used to excise the
  clitoris, Wexler then slowly snips away at Karen Sebring's beautiful nipple
  at its base. The assistant quickly cauterizes the breast tissue as Wexler repeats
  the procedure on the other nipple.  
The hydraulic post lowers closer to the floor as Wexler picks up a new surgical
  instrument, an electric surgical scalpel, which automatically cauterizes as
  it cuts. As he turns it on a small short laser-like flame emits from the knife
  handle. He then sets the instrument back down and picks up a blue felt tip
  marking pen. Turning back to face directly between Karen Sebring's legs, he
  begins drawing a line with the pen from her anus out around to her moans pubis,
  making a football-shaped drawing around her labia. He then continues to draw
  downward over her symphysis pubis with a single line which continues to her
  navel. He makes a small cross line at the navel and then continues with a single
  line down to her sternum. Wexler then turns toward Warden Bowden and says "tell
  the transplant team we'll be ready for them in two minutes.&quot; She nods.  
Wexler turns his back to Bowden and, turning on the electric surgical scalpel,
  begins to cut a circumscribed area around Karen's entire external sex organ
  as she convulses and screams against her restraints. Wexler then sets down
  the electric scalpel, picks up a pair of surgical pliers, and with a yank rips
  away Karen's left labia. He quickly repeats the procedure on the right. As
  Karen's contorts in pain and horror, one assistant cauterizes between her legs
  and another administers an injection to keep Karen conscious.  
Wexler again picks up the laser-scalpel and turns it on.  
A horror beyond death  
"Wait one moment Doctor" Warden Bowden calls out, "there is one final thing
  I need to say to Mrs. Sebring.&quot;  
The female Warden steps forward toward the convulsing prisoner. Bending slightly
  at the hips, she leans forward and looks directly into the terror filled eyes
  of the condemned Karen Sebring and whispers:  
"Mrs. Sebring, I need to tell you that just this morning federal investigators
  informed me that your daughter Sandy has been arrested as a co-conspirator
  with you in the death of her father and grandmother and the others. She's been
  charged as an adult with five Capital counts, including one count of Child
  Capital Murder. I just want you to know that, if she's sent here, we'll take
  good care of her."  
As Bowden steps away, her back toward Karen, she announces to the witnesses
  that Mrs. Sebring will now be put to death.  
As the Organ Harvest Team enters the chamber, Dr. Wexler, holding his laser-scalpel,
  begins slicing the beautiful soccer mom from her pubis to her chest.  
Execution of a Soccer Mom - Part Two    
By Jill Crokett copyright 2004  
Authors note: this story is totally a work of fantasy/fiction. If any name
  used in this story is also that of a real person, it is totally a coincidence.  
A horror beyond death   
As the live organ transplant team harvests the vital tissues from Karen Sebring's
  body, a monitor indicates to the witnesses and the medical team that she has
  stopped breathing, and her once rapidly hopping graphic heart monitor is now
  flat lined. As the witnesses file out of the death chamber, Mrs. Sebring's
  Y cross is taken down and attached to a gurney, leaving the condemned the victim's
  body in a supine position. Three female technicians quickly detach Karen's
  arms and legs from across and spread eagle her body on the gurney to better
  facilitate the further harvesting of her fresh organs.  
The female Warden steps forward and casually announces to the harvesting
  team &quot;we should have her daughter in here shortly, maybe even tomorrow
  morning. I've just received word that the Homeland Federal Court has found
  the kid guilty in absentia of compliance with this one in her father and grandmother's
  murder. I understand that they located her hiding with relatives and picked
  her up early this morning.&quot;  
As she walks away, Warden Bowden simply says &quot;well, I've got a summer
  intern from the University graduate school of criminal justice coming in today.
  It will be a great introduction for him to see the teen get it, being his first
  execution and all. Anyway, what a waste of a beautiful woman, but at least
  I hope lots of folks can benefit from her organs.&quot;  
With that one of the organ transplant doctors, speaking through her surgical
  mask, replies &quot;Don't worry Warden, for a 36-year-old, this one had some
  real smooth skin on her bottom, which the doctors at the burn trauma center
  will love to use for skin transplants.&quot;  
Arresting Sandy   
The cute and somewhat petite 15-year-old Sandy Sebring did not yet know of
  her beautiful mother's brutal execution. Sandy had been staying at home with
  an aunt and the live-in housekeeper since her mother had been arrested for
  the murders of her casino-owner father and grandmother, but the teenager had
  been placed into hiding by a relative when it was announced a month earlier
  that she would also be charged, as an adult, in the murders.  
In the early morning hours before her mother's execution, government agents
  armed with a convicted-in-absentia death warrant circled the home where young
  Sandy Sebring was hiding. At 3 a.m., suddenly smashing open the front door
  of her adult cousin's house, agents burst into the home and made their way
  to what they already knew was Sandy's bedroom.  
The teenager, rising up from her bed shouting &quot;what's going on, what's
  going on&quot; was quickly shoved face down on the bed and her wrists quickly
  placed in handcuffs behind her back. At the same time to other agents quickly
  cuffed Sandy's ankles and then quickly pulled her legs up behind her, attaching
  the wrist and ankle cuffs together in a hog-tie position. Agents picked her
  up like a package and quickly carried the young teenager to a large unmarked
  white windowless delivery van parked in front of the house. Neighbors gathered
  to watch as Sandy, still in her thin baby-doll nightgown with matching panties,
  was placed in the back of the van.  
While Sandy was being placed in the van, other agents held her half-asleep
  27-year-old cousin Brenda and her 24-year-old live-in boyfriend Mark at gunpoint
  in the living room. Brenda, her hands on top of her head, wore only a hip-length
  man's T-shirt and white hip hugger cotton panties. Mark wore only a pair of
  Jockey briefs.  
Sandy Sebring was 15 years old, was only 5'2" tall, 118 lbs., and of medium
  build. With C-cup breasts, she appeared quite busty for such a short young
  girl. She was quite attractive with over-the-shoulder length straight medium
  brown hair, cut with long straight bangs across her forehead.  
As the van doors closed a male agent placed the black cloth sack over Sandy's
  head, gently closing it with a drawstring. Sandy could hear several other agents
  speaking in the back of the van. As the van pulled away, a female agent crouched
  down and almost in a whisper asked Sandy if she was on her period. &quot;No
  ma'am&quot; the girl answered through the mask. In a slightly louder voice
  the female agent then said &quot;Sandy, I'm now going to have to search you,
  and you're going to be stripped. Do exactly as you are told, do you understand?&quot; Sandy
  nodded yes as the wetness of tears now showed through the black sack which
  covered her head.  
As the van continued to rumble along the city streets, Sandy felt momentarily
  relieved as the handcuffs were removed. &quot;Sandy, keep your legs straight
  down and your arms straight over your head&quot; the female agent said. As
  Sandy felt her panties being pulled down, another set of hands tugged her nightgown
  over her head. Sandy then felt soft leather cuffs being strapped around her
  wrists and ankles, one each by a different agent.  
Sandy then feels a feminine pair of hands pull her knees apart, spreading
  her brown pussy hairs wide-open. &quot;Sandy&quot; said the agent's soft feminine
  voice, &quot;I need to know honey, before I do a cavity search, have you ever
  had sex before.&quot; As she heard the slight snap of latex gloves being put
  on, Sandy began to cry through the black head cover. &quot;Answer me Sandy,
  has a boy ever fucked you?  
The fifteen-year-old girl, now only sobbing louder, did not answer. As the
  large white van rides through the streets of Las Vegas in the early morning
  hours, the female agent inserts a lubricated finger in the teenager's vagina,
  slowly moving it up to touch her cervix as the girl quietly cries.  
Feeling her buttocks being spread open, Sandy pleads through her mask &quot;No
  ma'am, please, please don't do that&quot; as the female agent applies a lubricant
  to Sandy's anus.  
She then feels a lubed finger being inserted far up into her rectum.  
As soon as the van pulled into the well-guarded, razor wire wrapped warehouse
  looking facility, Sandy felt the van stop, followed by the opening and closing
  of several doors.  
She hears the female agent, now talking in the distance outside the van,
  announce &quot;no need to dress her boys, she's going straight to Punishment
  Processing as soon as the Judge certifies the sentenced-in-absentia writ tomorrow,
  uh, I mean THIS morning at 8 a.m., and The Department of Corrections and Punishment
  should have her by nine&hellip;it's a done deal.&quot;  
As Sandy is lifted out of the back of the van wearing only the black cloth
  hostage sack over her head, she feels the cold pavement of the parking on under
  her bare feet. She is then led into the building and placed in an isolation
  holding cell, where the mask is finally removed. The teenager is left there
  completely naked as she awaits the Judge's arrival, which won't be for several
  hours.  
To be continued in Part 3  
Execution of a Soccer Mom  
Chapter Three  
Petite, 15-year-old Sandy Sebring stood naked before the judge, nervously
  shivering. Her handcuffs had been removed and she was dressed in a prison issue
  orange jumpsuit. The courtroom was filled with anxious witnesses which included
  over 50 television and internet glog (in olden days referred to as "the press")
  reporters. As the female judge entered the courtroom all rose at an attention
  until she took her seat.  
The stern-looking, middle-aged judge looked down on the frightened teenager
  and began to read a lengthy description of her guilty conviction in absentia.
  Laying down the papers, she looked directly at Sandy.  
"Sandy Sebring, it is the order this court that he be taken immediately to
  the Women's Punishment Center at Elk Flat, Nevada were you will be, and not
  more than 12 hours, put to death in a fashion prescribed by the Department
  of Corrections for those females convicted of capital crime. As a deterrent,
  your execution shall be broadcast via live video feed over the Department of
  Corrections video channel."  
"It is further the order of this court that before your execution you shall
  be stripped and all bodily hair removed between your navel and your knees.
  The procedure bringing about your death shall take place over a period of not
  less then 20 minutes, nor more than two hours."  
As young teenage Sandy was being sentenced to death, across town, armed federal
  agents burst into the home of housewife and mother Marge Andrews. 40-year-old
  Marge was a short, five-foot-two, heavyset soccer mom with three sons. Despite
  her plump, overweight frame, Marge, a natural redhead, had an attractive face.
  Unlike many overweight women, Marge had small, A to B cup breasts.  
Marge was the only one home at the time of her legal abduction. As the all-male
  team of seven federal agents busted down her kitchen door she began to scream,
  thinking she was the victim of a home invasion. Wearing a "Donna Reed type" casual
  housedress and flat shoes, Marge looked like a scene from the '50's. Her blondish-red
  hair had recently been permed into short curls at the neighborhood salon.  
As Marge frighteningly backed up against her kitchen counter, her pancake
  spatula still in hand, the seven agents surrounded her, grabbing her arms and
  legs. As she screamed "No, please no, why are you doing this?" the agents lifted
  her heavyset frame and placed her faced down on to her kitchen floor.  
Marge was quickly handcuffed with her wrists behind her back, then a leather
  strap was used to pull her elbows tight together and bind them together just
  below her shoulder blades.  
As they continued to hold her face down on the bright yellow linoleum floor,
  two agents each held one of Marge's plump legs and thighs wide apart, while
  a third strapped a ball-gag into her mouth. A fourth agent knelt between her
  legs and leaned over her back to begin a full-body frisk for weapons and contraband.
  A fifth, still-standing agent read aloud a court order to her.  
"Margie Andrews, you have been found guilty in absentia of murder in the
  capital degree of a child under age 12, and for conspiracy to murder for profit
  or gain. You are to be brought before the court for sentencing immediately
  upon detention."  
The agent kneeling between her spread legs then pulled on a single latex
  medical examination glove with a snap and lifted Marge's dress by the hem and
  pulled it up to her waist. She had on full-cut, white panties covering her
  ample bottom. She wore no hosiery. The agent then stroked two fingers along
  the white crotch of her panties as Marge tried to raise her head in protest.  
"Sorry mam" he said, "it's my job. You must be strip-searched before we can
  take you into custody."  
As Marge's soccer-mom eyes bulged from her head behind the gag, agents slipped
  off her shoes and unzipped the back of her housedress as curious neighbors
  gathered outside, alerted by the screaming and the presence of numerous unmarked
  police cars.  
The arresting agents proceeded to strip plump, 40-year-old Marge Andrews
  completely naked on her own kitchen floor. After her shoes were off, her legs
  were quickly pulled together and her panties were pulled down off her legs.
  Marge's legs were then spread again and the gloved agent, assisted by the others
  who held her butt-cheeks wide open, performed a rectal exam with a small amount
  of lubricant. Marge was then rolled over on her back and, with her legs held
  wide apart, was examined vaginally with two fingers.  
She had a nice thick red bush between her legs.  
Using a razor-knife, the agents then carefully cut the full length of the
  front of Marge's housedress and ripped it off her body. The only thing left
  was her bra. The agents lifted the gagged woman up to her feet as an agent
  behind her unsnapped her bra, stripping heavy, small-titted soccer mom completely
  naked in her own kitchen.  
As the agents led Marge from her home completely naked, her neighbors saw
  what was becoming all too common in America; the condemned being paraded naked
  in public. Within an hour Marge stood, still naked but sans gag, before a rather
  young looking male judge.  
"Marge Andrews, it is the order of this court that you be immediately taken
  to the federal female punishment facility where, in front of witnesses and
  live television broadcast you will be put to death by live harvest of your
  female reproductive organs including your external genitalia. This procedure
  shall be performed without anesthesia, and all necessary medical steps are
  to be taken to keep you fully conscious during the removal of these tissues."  
As the completely naked Marge screamed "No, No please your honor, I beg you,
  have mercy!" the judge continued.  
"As an additional punitive punishment, before the harvesting of your organs,
  your body shall be completely shaved from head to toe, followed by a public
  whipping of not less than 100 strokes across your buttocks and labia with a
  leather strap."  
Marge continued to beg for mercy as she was taken from the courtroom.  
More than a dozen prep technicians awaited her at the Female Execution Center.
  Upon arrival, the heavyset blond once again had a ball gag firmly strapped
  into her mouth. Technicians then strapped her down on her back to a short bench
  which allowed her head to hang off of one end and her butt to hang off the
  other. Her arms were firmly strapped to the sides of the table.  
Wide leather cuffs within firmly wrapped around each knee. Leather straps
  from these knee restraints were then pulled tightly back up toward her shoulders
  so that her knees touched her underarms. Once in this position a small 15 in.
  wide spreader bar was attached to each of Marge's ankles with firm leather
  restraints and her ankles were pulled up over her head and attached to a steel
  post. She could not move, and her pussy was spread wide open.  
Execution Prep Technicians proceeded to give the redheaded mom a series of
  enemas. Once her colon was thoroughly cleansed, they then ran a catheter up
  her pee hole to drain her bladder completely. As the condemned prisoner pleaded
  with her eyes, a late middle-aged black nurse with scissors then began to manually
  trim down her bright red pussy hair. This was followed by a complete lathering
  of her pussy with shaving cream, followed by a total clean-shaving.  
Once Marge's pussy was shaved, the technicians unhooked the procedure table
  from its floor mounting. Then, by pressing a button, the death-technicians
  caused the table to rise up slightly on hidden wheels. Without removing her
  from her strapped-down position, the execution techs wheeled Marge out of the
  preparation room and into the cold, concrete-floored execution theater.  
A television camera now focused on her shaved, spread-wide-open crack as
  over 50 well- dressed male and female witnesses stared at the helpless middle-aged
  housewife and mother. From a side door a large muscular male figure entered
  the room. He was stripped to the waist and wore a leather mask over his face.
  His lower body was covered waist to ankles in tight-fitting black leather.
  He held in his right arm a wooden-handled short leather strap about 1 &frac12; inches
  wide.  
As the whipmaster approached the condemned, a guard unhooked and removed
  her mouth gag. As he did, one of the witnesses, a middle-aged businessman could
  be heard whispering to the woman next to him "I'm glad they took that off,
  I really want to hear this fat little bitch sing."  
As the whipmaster stood before Marge's splayed crotch for what seemed to
  be an eternity, a female prison official entered the room and spoke.  
"Marge Andrews, it is the order the court that you shall receive not less
  than 100 strokes of the leather strap across your shaved labia, pubic mound,
  and bare buttocks, immediately followed by the harvesting of your female reproductive
  organs without benefit of anesthesia."  
With a sudden bold stroke the whipmaster laid the first of dozens of rapid-fire
  strokes of the leather strap straight across Marge's pussy. As the fat woman
  wailed and flailed her head, her smooth labia and pink feminine crack yielded
  to the belt of the whipmaster.  
As she screamed and cried, the whipmaster repeatedly strapped Marge's pussy
  lips until they were swollen and reddish purple. Marge begged and pleaded at
  the top of her lungs as the man continued to whip her femininity with the strap.  
After dozens of strokes had been ministered across her shaved pussy, the
  whipmaster paused as guards quickly unhooked Marge from the table and attached
  her ankles to overhead cables which had been lowered from the ceiling. Marge's
  heavy frame was then lifted upside down after a spreader bar was placed between
  her ankles.  
Marge now hung inverted by her ankles, her heavy, overweight torso tugging
  tightly at her securely bound ankles. Guards quickly moved to securely behind
  her arms behind her back, this time with each elbow being firmly strapped to
  the opposing wrist.  
As she hung, her curly blond hair dangling toward the floor, Marge moaned
  from the weight of her own body. It was clear that the whipmaster was now about
  to begin administering a strapping to Marge's wide, full-figured buttocks.  
Marge screamed, sobbed, and cried as her ample butt-cheeks were reduced to
  a massive field of bright red welts. With every stroke across her bottom Marge
  flexed and flailed her heavy body as the whipmaster repeatedly stroked in a
  rapid-fire succession.  
Once the whipmaster was finished administering over 100 strokes to Marge
  Andrews butt cheeks and shaved pussy, she was lowered and guards again repositioned
  her on the short table. She was once again strapped so that her buttocks completely
  hung off the end of the table. The exception this time was that her knees were
  not pulled up under her arms, but were spread at a 45 degree angle out from
  her torso and strapped to stirrup-like posts. Her knees and ankles were strapped
  down to brackets on the posts.  
At the other end of the short table Marge's neck was restrained with a leather
  collar while crucifix-like all arms were attached to either side of the table
  so that her arms could be strapped down while opened out to either side of
  her. In this position, technicians placed intravenous needles in each arm.
  These needles would administer the drugs that would keep Marge conscious during
  the in which her female organs would be removed.  
A restraint strap was placed across Marge's chest, just below are small breasts,
  firmly holding her torso to the table. Another set of groin straps secured
  her upper thighs and pelvis in position. A small head rest was positioned so
  that Marge's head was propped up, forcing her to watch the execution procedure.  
As she waited, fully restrained in position, technicians rolled stainless
  steel carts laden with neat rows surgical instruments next to the execution
  table. At this point, one could almost hear the heavy breathing and pounding
  hearts of the assembled witnesses. A television cameraman focused on Marge's
  face, while another focused on her pussy. A third cameraman shot the overall
  scene.  
As a masked and white-robed surgeon approached the table holding up a long,
  sharp razor-scalpel, Marge began to crying like a child and babbling for mercy.
  A small stream of urine spouted upwards from between her legs.  
As the masked surgeon stood between her thick, spread thighs, a female warden
  once again approached the table.  
"Margie Andrews, for your capital crimes against the state, which include
  child murder, you will now be put to death. It is the order of the court that
  your vagina and uterus now be surgically removed as one contiguous organ, along
  with your external genitalia. It is further the order of that this action shall
  be taken without benefit of anesthesia or loss of consciousness."  
With these words the surgeon inserted two gloved fingers deep into Marge's
  vagina as the woman moaned aloud. As he held up her pussy by the two fingers
  inside her, the surgeon began cutting Marge just above her anus as the woman
  screamed a sound only heard in nightmares.  
The surgeon then proceeded to cut completely around Marge's vaginal lips.
  He then made an incision all the way up to her navel. Nurses' standing to each
  side of the condemned use traction clamps to open the skin of Marge's lower
  pelvis. As Marge screamed in horror her entire external genitalia was cut away
  from her body and lifted up, along with her uterus and fallopian tubes for
  the crowd to see as blood flowed down from the table.  
As soccer mom Margie Andrews bled to death on the execution altar, 15-year-old
  Sandy Sebring was being prepped for execution in another room at the same women's
  correction facility. As several large male prison guards held the petite Sandy
  upright with her arms tightly behind, a female prison matron unzipped the full
  length of her bright orange jumpsuit.  
To Be Continued  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Crokett


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





