BDSM Library - The Lady of the House




The Lady of the House
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Debbie's adventures in domminace and submission begin when she meets the Lady of the house.The Lady of the House  
by  
Doug Smith  
All rights reserved. No reposting without permission.  
1. Introductions  
 &quot;Come on answer... please pick up... &quot;, Debbie muttered to herself
  as she drove along in her old Celica. &quot;Please pick up... Please.... Please.... &quot;,
  she thought over and over.  
 Eventually a voice came over the line, "Hello, how can I help you&quot;.  
 Debbie immediately recognized it as Helen, oh thank God she thought. &quot;Helen,
  its Deb ... please don't hang up&quot;, she pleaded.  
 &quot;Oh.. it's you... I thought I...&quot;.  
 &quot;Helen, give me one more chance. That's all I ask, I promise I won't
  screw up anything this time, please.. please ..&quot;, Debbie begged. In the
  background Debbie heard a phone ring.  
 Abruptly the phone went silent, but she could hear talking in the background.
  It was hard to make out. What she could hear sounded like an exchange of pleasantries.  
 &quot;Come on.... please..... &quot;, Debbie muttered to herself. She needed
  the money badly and without working for Helen there was no way she could come
  up with the money she needed quickly enough.  
 &quot;Alright you, listen up girlie&quot;, blurted the voice all of a sudden. &quot;This
  is it, the last chance, you screw this up and I'm through with you. You understand!&quot;.  
 &quot;Oh thank god&quot;, Debbie thought to herself. &quot;Yes Helen, I
  promise I won't mess it up. I promise&quot;, Debbie gushed.  
 &quot;Ok, here it is. 7:30pm sharp be at 1020 East 5th, #652. You'll be
  entertaining a couple and their friends. Collect $700. And be ready for anything,
  the lady of the house can be a little demanding&quot;.  
 &quot;hmmmm 700?&quot; that's better than usual...I could....&quot;, Debbie
  drifted off in thought doing the math in her head and not really hearing the
  warning she was getting.  
 &quot;Did you hear me??&quot;, the voice demanded pulling Debbie from her
  thoughts.  
 &quot;er.. yes &quot;, Debbie said.  
 &quot;Don't be late and don't screw up! &quot;, ordered the voice and then
  the line went dead.  
 &quot;Whew, thank goodness... &quot;, Debbie thought to herself putting
  out of her mind the really distasteful part that would come later. At this
  point she could only think of the money and her current fiscal crisis. Rent
  for another month, money for food and maybe even a little to splurge on clothes.
  No thoughts of the tuition bill at this point. That was still a good two months
  away yet. She glanced at her watch, the clock in the car had gone on the blink
  long ago. &quot;Shit! 6:25 must get moving.. be home in 5.. 5 minute cab ride
  to the job, that didn't leave much time.  
 &quot; A couple and their friends... hmmm wonder what that means... mmm
  well maybe they want a dancer or something... &quot;, knowing in the back of
  her mind that it was probably the 'or something' that they'd want. "Wonder
  what the woman would want". She didn't really mind women but to be honest she
  preferred men. Women were just part of the business that she had to put up
  with. "Hopefully, it wouldn't be a bunch of fat balding old men", she thought. "Please!'.
  Nevertheless, true to her nature she put it out of her mind, not wanting to
  deal with the ugly realities that the business could entail. &quot;Now what
  dress should I ... &quot;.  
 &quot;1020 E 5th&quot;, she told the cabbie as she slipped into the back
  of the cab. As the cab sped off she took the time for a last minute inspection.
  Dress looks ok she thought smoothing it out under her. Nice low cut in front,
  showing ample cleavage, customers always liked that. Short enough for plenty
  of thigh to show. Lacey revealing bra and panties completed the picture. Her
  breasts were ample enough, firm and years from being saggy. High heels to match
  her dress gave her legs a lean muscular look. She just loved when men couldn't
  get enough of them. Her shoulder length dishwater blond hair didn't look bad
  considering the time she'd had to get ready. In fact she thought it was fine.
  A quick check of her diminutive purse showed all was in order. Condoms, keys,
  compact, she mentally checked off her list. Her wallet was there in the bottom
  with her last $20 in it. As she looked up the cabbie pulled to the curb and
  punched the meter without saying a word. $5.60 it read.  
 &quot;Do you have change for a $20&quot; she asked as she slid to the side
  of the cab. The doorman opened the cab door for her and as soon as she had
  her change she slinked out of the car, noticing the doorman's eyes on her legs.  
 &quot;Apartment 652&quot;, she calmly stated at the desk inside the door.  
 &quot;Who may I say is calling&quot;, the attendant queried.  
 &quot;Debbie&quot;, she answered and immediately regretted not giving a
  more formal answer.  
 &quot;And who are you calling on Miss&quot;, the attendant continued.  
 &quot; er...uh... why the lady of the house of course&quot;, Debbie stammered. "Shit
  she'd forgotten to even get the woman's name!", she mentally kicked herself. "...
  damn was it even the woman she was supposed to ask for, oh boy.. ", she mused,
  not happy with herself.  
 With barely an expression the desk attendant turned and phoned 562 over
  the intercom.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;, a male voice came back quickly.  
 &quot; a 'Debbie' here &quot;, Sir.  
 &quot;Send her up&quot;, was the answer.  
 The attendant silently motioned Debbie towards the elevator.  
 Trying to look, natural, Debbie moved into the elevator as quickly as she
  could. Being referred to as 'a Debbie' hadn't set well with her, plus she could
  feel the lecherous eyes of the doorman and the attendant searching her over
  even without looking at them. She unconsciously smoothed her dress as she stepped
  to the rear of the elevator and turned to face the front.  
 &quot;562 ma'am?&quot;, the elevator operator asked.  
 &quot;Yes please&quot;, she answered back trying to sound confident. The
  elevator operator was a scruffy little old man, and he too couldn't keep his
  eyes off Debbie. As soon as the elevator was on it's way he shot a quick glance
  sideways to get a view of Debbie's ample cleavage. He then quickly craning
  his neck as if it was stiff and needed the movement. Debbie knew what he was
  doing even though she did her best to avert her eyes from his.  
 &quot;Maybe this dress is too much ..&quot;, thought Debbie. She had dressed  
to kill and it seemed to be working.  
 After what seemed like an eternity of scrutiny from the elevator man the
  door opened with the announcement, &quot;5th floor ma'am&quot;.  
 &quot;Thank you&quot;, she muttered. &quot;Have fun...&quot; the elevator
  man said as he quickly closed the door.  
 &quot;Wha..&quot;, Debbie turned back to the elevator, just as it closed.
  What had he said? &quot;Have fun?&quot;, but there was more. The elevator was
  gone though. The whole experience with the doorman had unsettled her and her
  heart was now noticeably beating faster. She took a deep breath to calm herself
  and turned back to the hallway.  
 Not really much of a hallway, just an entryway, maybe 10ft by 10ft. 561
  was at the end on the left and 562 the same but on the right.  
 &quot;Wow, building didn't look that small from the outside... has to be
  more than two apartments on each floor&quot;, she thought to herself.  
 As she reached for the bell in the wall next to 562 that old sickening feeling
  in the pit of her stomach came back. Although, she was curious what was behind
  the door, she dreaded and hated what was to come. It always turned out worse
  then she imagined it would. Now that it was at hand she couldn't ignore it
  any longer. She glanced back at the elevator, thought about it but it wasn't
  really an option. She needed the money too bad. Again she reached for the button
  but couldn't press it. &quot; ok gotta do it&quot;, she thought. Hands back
  at her sides, she smoothed her dress out, closed her eyes, took a deep breath
  to calm herself and rang the doorbell.  
 Immediately she heard a shuffling on the other side of the door, and the
  door opened to display a man in his mid 20's, with a bow tie but no shirt.
  He had shoulder length brown hair and a natural looking trim muscular torso.  
 &quot;Wow&quot;, Debbie thought to herself and smiled, meanwhile uttering
  a nervous 'Hi'.  
 The man looked her over, head to toe devouring her curvy body, but in a
  restrained expressionless manner. Nevertheless Debbie blushed.  
 &quot;Please come in&quot;, the man said. &quot;Your name?&quot;, he continued.  
 &quot;Debbie&quot;, she answered now unable to keep her eyes off his gorgeous
  torso.  
 &quot;Just minute please&quot;, and with that the young man turned and walked
  off into the apartment, leaving Debbie standing in a large entranceway.  
 There was a nicely finished plain wooden bench to the right, which was flanked
  by two end tables both with simple lamps on them. Above the bench was an impressionist
  painting of Venice, oddly dark though, as if a storm were brewing. On the left
  were side-by-side doors, probably to a closet. In the left corner by the front
  door was a soft looking small bearskin rug. No bigger than a doormat but placed
  out of the way unlike a doormat would be. The entrance way opened up into a
  room furnished not unlike a living room although there were bookshelves lining
  some of the walls. The furniture was arranged in little groups, sofa's and
  chairs grouped around coffee tables. There were at least three groups. Not
  unlike the lobby of a hotel.  
 Debbie watched the man as he made his way to a door towards the back right
  side of the next room. He was barefoot and wore and wore a pair of black pajama
  bottoms that accented some shapely buttocks. The muscles in his back rippled
  as he reached to knock on the door. Despite herself Debbie felt an aching desire
  welling in her groin.  
 &quot;Maybe just maybe...it'll be ok...&quot;, she thought.  
 The young man knocked gently and slipped in the room leaving the door more
  than just ajar but not open. Debbie could only see a wall decorated with more
  impressionist art above a table of some sort. As the man entered she could
  hear some women's voices in a low conversation that immediately came to a halt.  
 &quot;Yes, Jeremy?&quot;, came a women's voice from the room.  
 &quot;The girl, is here ma'am&quot;, she heard him say.  
 &quot; ...the girl?&quot;, she thought.  
 &quot;Wonderful, send her in immediately&quot;, replied the same voice.  
 Jeremy then appeared in the doorway and beckoned for her to come toward
  him. She made her way through the furniture towards the expressionless Jeremy
  whose eyes still seemed to be devouring her body. Now fixated on her cleavage.
  It was all Debbie could do to not obviously ogle Jeremy also. The door was
  halfway open still not allowing Debbie to see much besides the wall to the
  left and a large open window with the Manhattan skyline behind. As Debbie approached
  the door Jeremy nodded and quickly walked back towards the front entranceway.
  Debbie watched he walked directly to the rug next to the door and steadied
  himself to ... .  
 &quot;Well come in girl!&quot;, came an impatiently voice from within the
  room.  
 Debbie turned away from watching Jeremy and stepped into the room. Odd she
  thought, &quot;he looked as if he as going to kneel.. &quot;.  
 &quot;Ahhh, here we are ..&quot;, the woman said as Debbie entered the room.  
 Walking past the half open door Debbie saw a large leaf green leather couch
  against the right wall. The woman who was speaking to her sat in the left corner
  of the couch with her legs tucked under her and her feet pointing towards the
  middle. She wore a white terry cloth robe tied loosely with a black belt such
  that Debbie could see a wisp of an ample bosom within. She had dark brown hair
  that had sheen to it as if she had just gotten out of the shower. In the right
  corner sat blond woman in a pink terry cloth robe, tied again so one could
  see the shadows of her breasts within. Her hair also had a damp sheen to it
  as if she too had just gotten out of the bath. Both of these women seemed to
  be in their early 30's and both were very attractive.  
 Facing the couch with here back to the windows and kneeling on her haunches
  at the feet of the woman in the pink robe was a young brunette woman about
  Debbie's age in a red teddy and heels. The woman in the pink robe rested one
  foot on the girl's legs and the other foot was nestled between her breasts.
  The girls left hand was kneading the lower part of the blonde's foot while
  the right rubbed the balls of her feet as her mouth gently nuzzled the toes.
  The kneeling girl turned her head slightly to get a glimpse of who had entered
  and in doing so her mouth left the blond woman's foot. Immediately the blond
  woman struck the girl with a riding crop. The blow made Debbie wince but the
  girl did no more than whimper quietly.  
 &quot;Get back to work girl, nobody told you too look&quot;, the blond woman
  hissed. With a wry smile directed at Debbie the kneeling girl turned and complied.
  The blond woman sank back in to the sofa with a content look on her face.  
 &quot;Come stand over here and let's get a good look at you&quot;, the woman
  in the white robe ordered.  
 Debbie was standing there with her mouth agape lost in the scene before
  her. She just couldn't comprehend what she saw. It was all so unexpected. Her
  eyes glanced at the door but her feet remained riveted to the floor. The thought
  entered her mind to leave but it was no more than a fleeting thought. She really
  had no choice, she needed the money badly. Also, she couldn't blow this. She
  might not get another chance.  
 &quot;I said over here&quot;, said the woman pointing to a spot about 5
  feet in front of her.  
 The order woke Debbie from her daze and she looked towards the woman in
  the white robe. The woman's voice was calm and assured in its tone, almost
  hypnotic. The urgency in her voice told Debbie she expected to be obeyed without
  question. Without consciously thinking it over, Debbie's feet began to move
  as she had been ordered.  
 Debbie had no idea what to think about the tableau before her but the aching
  feeling in her groin that had begun with Jeremy was getting stronger, despite
  her reservations about what she was seeing. As she stood before the woman in
  the white robe she noticed another brunette woman in a large padded leather
  chair in the corner of the room to her left. This woman was dressed in a sexy
  black cocktail dress and heels. The top of the dress was cut low with thin
  shoulder straps. Debbie couldn't help but think how sexy this woman looked.
  Unlike the two women on the couch her short hair wasn't damp and was tucked
  neatly behind her ears. The woman in the black dress smiled when Debbie looked
  at her.  
 Debbie's head was spinning. From meeting Jeremy at the door till now there
  was just so much to take in. This was so different from the normal job she
  did that she just didn't know what to do.  
 &quot;Look at me when I talk to you!&quot;, said the woman in the white
  robe with an authoritative air.  
 This brought Debbie out of a daze for the second time and she looked down
  at the woman. The white robed woman was now sitting up straight with her arms
  folded across her chest. In the shadows of her robe Debbie could see the soft
  round orb of a breast.  
 The look on the woman's face was one of supreme authority and control. She
  had no doubt her orders would be obeyed and it showed in her countenance.  
 &quot;Ok young lady, put your hands behind your head&quot;.  
 Without thinking Debbie complied. Then she came to her senses and thought, &quot;wait
  a minute.. I need to collect, call in... &quot;.  
 &quot;ah, hold on a minute I need to...&quot;, Debbie started to say.  
 &quot;You need what I say you need, when I say you need it!&quot;, interjected
  the lady cutting her off. &quot;Now shut up and do as I say or you'll be on
  the way home with nothing but cab fare&quot;.  
 Debbie's heart sank. They wouldn't! but they could... she needed the money..
  but this was so...so degrading. However, he had no choice she reasoned, since
  she needed the money badly. But even more so she felt drawn to this lady. The
  ache in her groin was stronger and as she looked in the eyes of this woman
  her will melted like butter. So she demurely stood there with her hands clasped
  behind her head gazing down at her toes in embarrassment.  
 &quot;Much better&quot;, purred the woman. &quot;Now turn around slowly&quot;,
  she cooed.  
 Debbie did so rocking from one foot to another so her hips swayed a little
  bit. With her hands up her dress had ridden up to just below her buttocks and
  she could feel it swaying against her.  
 &quot;Hmmmm what do you think Joyce?&quot;, said the woman as she finished
  one rotation.  
 &quot;So far so good but let's see a little more&quot;, intoned the blond
  woman, evidently Joyce, in the pink robe.  
 &quot;I agree... let's see... now dear be a good girl and turn around and
  bend over&quot;, requested the woman in the white robe.  
 Debbie thought she would turn beet red. It's not that she hasn't flaunted
  her body before but to be ordered to do it in front of some women, was just
  so, so ... degrading.  
 The woman noticed the hesitation and snapped her fingers and emphatically
  said &quot;now!&quot; with a look that Debbie had no choice but to obey.  
 Debbie turned slowly and bent over at the waist, assuming that's what the
  woman was after. Her short dress now rode up her but giving the women a nice
  view of her panty-clad ass. She started to bring her hands down to her knees
  but then thought better of it. Better to wait till she'd been told to do it.  
 &quot;Go ahead put your hands on your knees and wiggle that ass for us&quot;,
  requested the woman.  
 &quot;Maggie, she does have a nice ass&quot;, commented Joyce.  
 &quot;So the lady of the house is Maggie&quot;, Debbie noted to herself.  
 &quot;hmmm ....come on move that ass around&quot;, Maggie said. Debbie slowly
  ground her ass through the air. &quot;ok now roll your panties down to just
  below your crotch&quot;, Maggie demanded.  
 Debbie slowly rolled them down all the while keeping some motion to her
  behind.  
 &quot;Very nice&quot;, purred Maggie. &quot;ok now stand up, hands behind
  your neck and face me&quot;, ordered Maggie.  
 Without thinking Debbie complied.  
 &quot;Do you have nice nipples?, asked Maggie.  
 &quot;um... ah ..&quot;, Debbie stammered. &quot;This is too much, and I
  haven't even collected yet.... &quot;, thought Debbie. &quot; I need to ...&quot;,
  started Debbie.  
 &quot; Shut up&quot;, interrupted Maggie. &quot;I'll tell you what you need...
  have you forgotten already&quot;, said Maggie with such force that Debbie went
  back to staring at her toes. &quot;Well?&quot;, queried Maggie.  
 &quot;What?&quot;, asked Debbie demurely. Now totally cowered.  
 &quot;Do you have nice nipples?&quot;, asked Maggie.  
 &quot;I..I ..I Think so&quot;, stammered Debbie.  
 &quot;Well let's see one! First pull your dress straps off your shoulder&quot;.  
 Debbie obeyed, her dress now resting on top of her breasts.  
 &quot;Good Take one boob out and let's see&quot;.  
 Debbie brought her right hand up and reached into her bra and brought out
  an ample well-tanned breast.  
 &quot;mmm nice... rub your nipple a little&quot;, purred Joyce.  
 Debbie looked up at Maggie silently asking if she need obey Joyce also.
  Maggie's look told her all she needed to know. She gently started caressing
  her nipple with her first finger. Slowly, gently circling her finger around
  and over her nipple.  
 Debbie always thought her nipples were nice but she'd never really sought
  out comments on them. Debbie's hand on her own breast and the gentle caressing
  of her nipple was starting to warm her loins.  
 &quot;Give it a little lick &quot;, Maggie said.  
 Debbie looked toward Maggie as she lowered her head and brought her nipple
  toward her mouth. She was now more than a little turned on. Debbie took her
  tongue and made a broad sweeping motion starting on her breast above her nipple
  and then bringing her tongue down to circle around her nipple, all the while
  looking Maggie in the eye. When their eyes met Debbie felt in awe of Maggie.
  Her own ministrations were turning her on more and more and she felt drawn
  to Maggie, wanting to kneel and bury her head in the gap in Maggie's robe.  
 &quot;ok , chop, chop that's enough, hands behind your head&quot;, blurted
  Maggie.  
 Debbie was reluctant to stop caressing herself but a stern look from Maggie
  and she returned her hands to her head. Having second thoughts about her disheveled
  look she reached to tuck her breast back into her dress.  
 &quot;No, no young lady leave yourself as you are you look just lovely that
  way&quot;, Maggie stated.  
 Debbie felt foolish with her panties around her thighs and one boob hanging
  out but she still felt that warm stirring in her loins. She yearned to return
  her hand to her nipple and even better yet want to reach between her legs.  
 &quot;Well ladies shall we let her stay?&quot;, Maggie asked.  
 &quot;mmm....mmm&quot;, Joyce purred.  
 &quot;Definitely!&quot;, the lady in the leather chair said.  
 "Yes I agree with you Joyce, it seems she has potential", Maggie stated
  seemingly not taking notice of the woman in the leather chair.  
 &quot;Come closer dear&quot;, Maggie said.  
 Debbie took a couple of small steps toward Maggie. Maggie inched forward
  to sit on the edge of the sofa.  
 &quot;Bend over&quot;, Maggie said.  
 Debbie kept her hands on her head and bent over so her face was check to
  check with Maggie.  
 Maggie rubbed her cheek on Debbie's ever so gently. Debbie's could see the
  soft round orbs of Maggie's breasts in the shadows of her gown. Maggie reached
  up and gently stroked Debbie's exposed breast.  
 Maggie stayed check to cheek and moved up so that Debbie could feel her
  warm breath on her ear. Debbie's mouth was now open and her breathing was getting
  heavier.  
 &quot;Want to stay and be mine?...mmmmm... Do you want to please me? ...&quot;,
  whispered Maggie.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;, gasped Debbie. The lust and desire in her loins now totally
  overwhelming her. She could think of nothing but burying her head in Maggie's
  gown.  
 Maggie pinched her nipple hard, causing Debbie to gasp. &quot;Yes.. what..?&quot;,
  she queried.  
 &quot;Yes Ma'am!&quot;, Debbie cooed, now willing to do anything to keep
  Maggie's hand at work.  
 &quot;Ok stand up slut&quot;, Maggie ordered and gave Debbie a light slap
  on the face.  
 Debbie reluctantly stood up. &quot;oooo &quot;, she cooed to herself. She
  looked down at Maggie, now sitting back in the sofa with her legs crossed.
  Maggie's robe had parted so that Debbie could see part of her tan thigh. Debbie
  wanted no more than to kneel and kiss and caress her legs. However, she had
  been ordered to stand so she did.  
 &quot;Now slut, clasp your hands behind your back and walk over to the table
  by the door&quot;, Maggie said.  
 Debbie looked at Maggie not really comprehending.  
 &quot;The table over there&quot;, Maggie said, pointing in the direction
  she had  
described.  
 Debbie did as she was told, walking gingerly with her panties still at mid
  thigh and one breast still hanging out. Debbie was now staring down at a table
  nestled in the wall with two small drawers with tassels affixed to their handles.
  Sitting on top of the table was a black dog collar.  
 &quot;Now without using your hands, pull open the drawer on the right&quot;,
  Maggie instructed.  
 Debbie bent over and grabbed the tassel with her teeth and pulled open the
  drawer with her mouth. As she did so heard Joyce commenting on the view of
  her ass. When she looked in the drawer she saw a row of $100 bills. Without
  counting she guessed at least 10.  
 &quot;That is yours if you make it till midnight&quot;, Maggie stated. &quot;Understand?&quot;.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;. &quot;er Yes Ma'am&quot;, she corrected herself.  
 &quot; ... wow maybe a thousand bucks&quot;, Debbie thought to herself.
  Quickly thinking of the things she could do with the extra money. &quot;No
  way I'm going to let that much money slip away&quot;, she vowed to herself.  
 &quot;Now open the second drawer, same rules&quot;, Maggie continued.  
 As Debbie turned her head to mouth the tassel on the other drawer she could
  see through the door back to the entranceway. There she saw Jeremy kneeling
  on his haunches facing the sidewall. It looked like he was kneeling right where
  that small bearskin rug was. &quot;What the...&quot;, thought Debbie.  
 &quot;Well, come on, get on with it&quot;, Maggie said impatiently.  
 Debbie opened the drawer and there were several wads of twenty dollar bills.
  Her jaw dropped.  
 &quot;How many, if any, of those you get depend on how well you behave tonight&quot;,
  stated Maggie. &quot;Understand?&quot;.  
 Debbie's head was swimming now. She'd never seen that much cash in one place.
  Tuition, rent, food, clothes.. it wouldn't be a problem for quite a while with
  a few of those wads.  
 &quot;Now slut, if you leave before midnight you leave with only cab fare...but
  if you're a good little fuck then see what you can earn?&quot;  
 Debbie couldn't take her eyes off the drawer.  
 &quot;If you agree to my terms pick up the collar with your mouth, get down
  on all fours and crawl over here like you want to be my slut for the night&quot;,
  Maggie said.  
 Debbie looked over toward Jeremy out of the corner of her eye. He looked
  as if he hadn't moved a muscle since she last glanced that way.  
 There really wasn't any decision to make, the money was too enticing, and
  by now she was too wet between the legs and too horny to turn back. Maggie
  unnerved her a little, no a lot, but how bad could it get with a woman?  
 Debbie picked up the collar in her mouth, dropped to her hands and knees
  and started moving toward Maggie. She made sure there was plenty of movement
  in her hips and she could feel her breasts swaying as she crawled.  
 As Debbie approached Maggie, Maggie held out her left hand and Debbie placed
  the collar in it nuzzling her hand and arm with her nose and lips as she did
  so. Maggie then wrapped the collar around her neck and buckled it so it was
  snug.  
 Maggie then grabbed the ring on the front of the collar and forcefully pulled
  Debbie into her chest. Debbie tried to find an opening in the robe so she could
  kiss and caress Maggie's flesh, but couldn't. Maggie put a stop to this by
  grabbing Debbie's head by the hair.  
 Maggie brought her head down close to Debbie and hissed, &quot; you're mine
  now slut, you better behave, got that?&quot;.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;, muttered Debbie. &quot;mmph..&quot;, she exclaimed as out
  of nowhere something had whacked her behind. &quot;Yes, Ma'am&quot;, she corrected
  herself.  
 With that Maggie threw her back on her haunches, nestled her feet in her
  lap and commanded &quot; get to work on my feet wench!&quot;.  
 Debbie reached down and took Maggie's left foot and brought it up to her
  bosom. She started kneading the balls of her feet with both hands. While doing
  this she glanced to her right to see the young brunette now licking and caressing
  Joyce's calves.  
 &quot;Hmmm, that's a good girl&quot;, Maggie encouraged Debbie, meanwhile
  giving her exposed breast a gentle caress with her other foot.  
 After a few minutes of enjoying Debbie's ministrations Maggie turned her
  attention to the woman in the leather chair.  
 &quot;Well Diane you seem to be a little left out over there&quot;, Maggie
  teased.  
 &quot;hmmmm&quot;, Diane murmured back.  
 &quot;Come here love&quot;, Maggie suggested reaching out with her right
  hand.  
 Diane stood up and leaned over towards Maggie. Maggie nestled her mouth
  at the base of Diane's neck and gently kissed and licked it. Meanwhile she
  brought her right hand up and reached inside Diane's dress and gently caressed
  the crevasse between Diane's breasts.  
 &quot;Would you like to play with our pets?&quot;, cooed Maggie.  
 &quot;mmmmmm... yesss &quot;, Diane replied.  
 "Then come here girl".  
 As Diane rose from the chair and moved toward the couch Maggie guided her
  gently to keel at her feet just to the left of Debbie. Dianne's and Debbie's
  haunches were now touching.  
 &quot;Kiss my tits for a bit would you Diane?&quot;, added Maggie while
  she pulled Diane into her bosom. Diane quickly found a nipple and began licking
  and kissing it.  
 &quot;So Joyce, should we let Diane play with our pets?&quot;, Maggie asked.  
 &quot;Yes but I think she needs to earn the right, don't you&quot;, replied
  Joyce.  
 Diane's eyes met Joyce's as she spoke, but her mouth never left Maggie's
  breast. Joyce gave Diane a smug superior look then turned away to bathe in
  the pleasure she was receiving from the young girl at her feet.  
 &quot;Exactly my thoughts also&quot;, stated Maggie.  
 Diane was earnestly sucking and licking Maggie's breasts, obviously turned
  on by the whole situation.  
 &quot;mmmmm keep up the good work Diane and maybe just maybe you'll earn
  a chance&quot;, encouraged Maggie.  
 Maggie let Diane continue for a minute then grabbed he by the hair and pulled
  her head away from her breast so they could look each other in the eye.  
&quot; So that's it then. &quot;we'll let you play with our pets but you'll
  have to earn it, understand?&quot;, asked Maggie.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;, Diane replied with her mouth agape yearning to return it
  to Maggie's breasts.  
 Maggie quickly thrust Diane's head back to a nipple. &quot;Keep your mouth
  on my tit until I say to stop, understand?&quot;.  
 &quot;umhum&quot;, Diane muttered while keeping her mouth at work.  
 Maggie then reached in the cushions and pulled out a collar. Putting it
  around Diane's neck.  
 Diane, attempted to pull back but Maggie quickly pulled her back to her
  bosom hissing &quot; I told you not to stop until I say so, get it!&quot;.  
 For Diane the stirring in her loins and the pleasure from caressing Maggie
  kept her from pulling away again. Meanwhile Maggie closed and buckled the collar.
  Once this was done, Maggie roughly grabbed Diane by the collar and pulled her
  face to her lips. &quot;your mine now&quot;, she spat, &quot;you will obey,
  or you'll never touch the pets, understand?&quot;.  
 &quot;Yes&quot;, gasped Diane.  
 Maggie then grabbed one of Diane's nipples and twisted it hard, saying &quot;Yes
  what?&quot;.  
 &quot;Yes Mistress&quot;, Diane gasped.  
 &quot;Good, now get back to work&quot;. Diane then dutifully buried her
  face in Maggie's robe.  
 Maggie leaned back and closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations. She leaned
  back for the moment content with one slut caressing her feet and another one
  licking and sucking her tits.  
 After a few minutes the faint sound of the doorbell came from the other
  room.  
 &quot;mmmmm now the fun begins...&quot;, Maggie cooed.  
The Lady of the House 
by 
Doug Smith 
All rights reserved. 
No reposting or publication without permission from the author. 
1.2 --Preliminaries 
 The girl at Joyce's feet had her head buried between Joyce's legs and was
  obviously having some effect. Joyce had a fistful of hair in each hand ensuring
  that the girl's attention didn't stray. Her eyes were closed and she was leaning
  back into her corner of the sofa, her robe parted at the waist to allow the
  girl access. Joyce was moaning quietly to herself enjoying the attentions of
  the girl when the faint sound of the doorbell startled her from the depths
  of ecstasy. 
 "What was.... no Mags &hellip; you didn't... ," Joyce said, her voice showing
  obvious concern. 
 Debbie was gently nuzzling the tips of the toes on Maggie's right foot while
  firmly kneading the balls of the same foot. Meanwhile Maggie's left foot idly
  stroked the undersides of Debbie's breasts. As Debbie ran her tongue gently
  over and around Maggie's toes she demurely stole glances up at Maggie. Maggie's
  legs were bent such that Debbie could see the sharp outline of her buttocks
  giving way to the soft flesh between her legs. Above Maggie's midriff Debbie
  could see Diane draped over the edge of the sofa, her ass in the air and with
  her head buried in Maggie chest. Maggie's right hand controlled Diane's head
  ensuring that Diane had no doubt as to Maggie's desires. . 
 "Oh Joyce ... don't be such a ninny... ", Maggie shot back, while idly stroking
  Diane's breasts. 
 Debbie could see out of the corner of her eye that Joyce was becoming very
  agitated. She had pushed the girl away and was now sitting up on the edge of
  the sofa pulling her robe around her. 
 "Maggie! Goddamn it! " Joyce's concern was now evident and there was a palpable
  tension building in the room. 
 "Joyce, calm down. He's promised to behave this time. So calm down! Sit
  back and relax. Let the girl finish you off for Christ's sake, " replied Maggie
  in a firm calm voice. Maggie obviously was more annoyed at Joyce than concerned
  with allaying her fears. 
 Joyce sat on the edge of the sofa for a minute biting her lip, weighing
  her options. 
 "Joyce sit back and relax", Maggie said slowly, emphasizing each word. 
 Joyce finally slumped back into the sofa staring out the windows and avoiding
  Maggie's gaze. As Joyce sat back the girl at her feet put her head between
  Joyce's knees and started slowly working her way up Joyce's thighs. Joyce's
  thoughts were obviously elsewhere but she did nothing to stop the girl's efforts. 
 "Maggie who... ", Diane started. 
 At Diane's first word Maggie grabbed Diane's hair with her left hand yanking
  her head down so she was looking right up at Maggie. With her right hand Maggie
  brought a ridding crop down hard on Diane's buttocks. 
 "Listen, you talk only when spoken to. Do you understand?", Maggie spat. 
 "Yes...," Diane whimpered. 
 "What", Maggie said bringing the riding crop down hard again. 
 "Yes. Mistress", Diane blubbered. 
 "Good ", Maggie pronounced, bringing the crop down on Diane once more, evoking
  a shocked whimper from Diane. 
 "Now get back to work." 
 Debbie observed all this from her vantage point at Maggie's feet. She was
  now engrossed in sucking and nuzzling on Maggie's toes but unable to keep her
  eyes off the scene above her. Her mind was a whirl of emotions. What had transpired
  since she entered the apartment, was unlike anything she had ever experienced.
  Normally she hated it when she lost control of a job, and here she was, a virtually
  slave to Maggie's whims. 
 The sounds of Maggie's crop coming down on Diane's rump and Diane's resultant
  whimpering sent a surges of excitement running through Debbie's loins. Why
  was she so turned on? She hated bossy people; especially those who tried to
  boss her around. However, with a mere glance from Maggie, and her commanding
  self-assured gaze, her pussy gushed with arousal. Why? The way Maggie had effortlessly
  bent Diane to her will excited her to no end. Why was this? 
 A women had never aroused her this much before. She had obliged customers
  and had gone down on wives and girlfriends, but really only for the extra money.
  She instead really preferred to have her pussy licked than to lick someone
  else. But here she was kneeling at the feet of a woman, soaking wet between
  the legs and stealing glances up her robe hoping against hope she'd be able
  to run her tongue along Maggie's thighs and up between her legs. 
 It wasn't really that licking Maggie's pussy was all that exciting. It was
  more the pleasing of Maggie that held the allure. And even then, there was
  more to it than that. 
 Maggie herself was impenetrable, a fortress of strength not to be trifled
  with. However, if Debbie could please her with her mouth, with her breasts,
  with her fingertips or in any way, that would amount to a small victory. The
  act of evoking praise, especially spurred by pleasure, turned the tables of
  control. It was in the praise of the pleasure Maggie was receiving that Debbie
  could exact the satisfaction of a small victory. She resolved to gain that
  victory, small or large by pleasing Maggie as no one had before. 
 Still in the back of Debbie's mind was Jeremy, the young man who had answered
  the door. With such a gorgeous body he had to have a nice cock. Her pussy was
  so wet she longed to have him beneath her now, thrust up inside her so she
  could grind her hips into him. Just the thought of this sent a shiver of pleasure
  up her spine and her hips moved as if he were really there. 
 Now someone else had arrived! Who was it? Would they get to see him or her?
  What more could be added to the eclectic mix already in the room? 
"mmmm... very nice slut ", Maggie cooed at Debbie. 
 Debbie warmed with the praise from Maggie. She smiled inwardly and continued
  to nuzzle Maggie's toes gently and with passion as if that very act could bring
  Maggie off. 
" Now who was at the door?" Maggie asked speaking to no one in particular. 
 Jeremy stepped into the doorway, the door still ajar from when Debbie had
  entered some time ago. 
 "Madam, Master Jules to see you", intoned Jeremy in a steady matter of fact
  voice. 
 "shit! .. damn you Maggs ... ", said Joyce under her breath, immediately
  looking away and obviously still upset. 
 "Oh come now Joyce, trust me, it will be ok", replied Maggie emphasizing
  'ok' and this time trying to allay Joyce's concerns. 
 Debbie averted her eyes to the door, not moving her mouth from Maggie's
  toes and saw the largest most handsome black man she had ever seen. 
 The man stood just inside the door and nearly filled up the doorframe, barely
  clearing the top with his head. He was large, but he looked very fit. He had
  a shaved head and broad shoulders. He wore a button down black satin shirt
  tucked neatly into his pants. He had massive muscular shoulders and a thick
  neck that pushed apart his shirt collar. Simple leather sandals adorned his
  feet. Most of all however, he exuded strength and power and his presence spread
  into and filled the room. 
A quick swipe on the shoulder from the crop and a stern look from Maggie
  brought Debbie back to her task at hand. Debbie sucked on Maggie's big toe
  and gently and firmly kneaded the balls of her feet with new fervor. &quot;oh...
  my... god... what will be next..&quot;, Debbie thought to herself. 
" Maggie, what have we here? Am I too late?&quot; Jules questioned in a deep
  baritone voice almost chuckling. 
 &quot;Why no Jules, matter of fact you're just in time,&quot; Maggie responded,
  clearly pleased with Jules presence. 
 Jules surveyed the room, raising an eyebrow as he pondered the display in
  front of him. He looked down at Joyce on the sofa next to him he gave her a
  little wink and a broad toothy smile. 
 Joyce looked away in disgust towards Maggie. 
 &quot;But Maggie it seems everyone already has a partner,&quot; Jules stated
  in mock disdain. 
 &quot;Oh Jules, you know I always share. Plus there are plenty of pets to
  go around, just look&quot;, replied Maggie. 
 &quot;Ah yes so it seems,&quot; Jules stated drawing out each word slowly
  and distinctly. 
&quot;Come, come Jules. Come say hello and sit over here by me&quot;, encouraged
  Maggie motioning to the chair that Diane had vacated. 
 Jules stepped around the girl at Joyce's feet and approached Maggie. As
  Maggie held out her left hand, Jules bent and kissed her hand in a disinterested
  manner. He then bent further to kiss her on the cheek and brazenly reached
  with his left hand to grab a handful of Diane's rump. As he planted a kiss
  on Maggie's check he ran his first two fingers up Diane's slit and with a twisting
  motion pushed them inside her causing Diane to let out a low soft moan. 
&quot;mmm your pet here likes you, she's drenched!&quot;, murmured Jules,
  still cheek to cheek with Maggie. 
 Still check to cheek with Maggie, Jules slowly rotated his fingers inside
  Diane. Continuing his exploration of Diane he then moved his fingers slowly
  in and out of her cunt. Meanwhile he rested him thumb on her anus and as he
  used his thumb to leverage the motion of his fingers his thumb penetrated her
  second hole ever so slightly. Diane moaned into Maggie's breast as she continued
  to nuzzle her nipples. Jules continued to work Diane's pussy and she started
  to move her rump against his hand. 
 Done exchanging pleasantries with Maggie, Jules stood up. While doing so
  he extricated his hand from Diane's behind causing her to whimper in disappointment.
  Jules then turned his attention to Debbie who was kneeling at Maggie's feet
  just to his left. 
"Hey Maggs what have we here...," Jules mused as his eyes devoured Debbie's
  kneeling form. 
 Debbie clutched Maggie's foot even tighter and pressed it to her bosom unsure
  how to respond to Jules. 
 Jules took his hand, still wet with Diane's juices and with one finger raised
  Debbie's head so she was gazing up at him. 
 Debbie gazed up at Jules wondering what was going to happen now. She felt
  utterly helpless kneeling beneath this immense man. While Maggie demanded obedience
  through her demeanor Jules awesome physical presence made anything other than
  servility seem fruitless. As she gazed up at him, it seemed natural to have
  him looking down at her from his commanding position. Her gaze wandered to
  the bulge in his crotch. Again she felt the need in her loins. 
 Debbie could smell Diane's sex on Jules hand. Jules faintly rubbed a finger
  over her lips. She quickly touched the tip of her tongue to where Jules finger
  had touched her lips and tasted Diane. Jules then dragged half his finger and
  knuckle through Debbie's parted lips. Debbie brought out her tongue to lick
  at Jules finger, her breathing now quickening. As Jules finger reached the
  edge of her mouth he brought his two fingers to Debbie's mouth. Debbie's mouth
  opened to engulf both his fingers. She now greedily brought them all the way
  in her mouth closing her eyes, lost in the moment. She then began sucking his
  fingers as she would a cock, slowly up and down. 
 "Hey!" Jules blurted out in a quiet but firm voice. "When you suck you look
  at me, understand?" 
 Debbie opened here eyes and gazed up at Jules, a shiver of lust running
  through her. She desperately wanted to come. Maggie didn't seem to mind Jules
  toying with her, so if Jules was her ticket to come, then so be it. She would
  do anything to get him inside her. To show him she was ready so serve him she
  took his fingers out and slowly ran her tongue up and down them, licking Diane's
  juices off. 
"I think she likes me," Jules pronounced with amusement, as he watched Debbie
  slavishly sucking and licking his fingers. 
 "Or Diane", Maggie chuckled. "Come Jules, sit down," Maggie said, while
  motioning again to the large leather chair in the corner adjacent to her. 
 "I'll even give you something to play with", she continued. 
 Debbie hungrily tried to keep sucking and licking at Jules fingers as he
  extracted his hand from her and moved to sit down. While sitting down Jules
  playfully swatted Diane's rear.. 
 "My, aren't you a little slut ", Maggie said looking down at Debbie. "But
  I do like sluts&hellip; don't I". 
 Maggie grabbed Diane's hair and pulled her head away from her breast, at
  the same time fixing her robe to loosely cover herself. 
 "Enjoy that did you Diane? " Maggie sarcastically inquired. 
 "Yes Mistress", replied Diane her voice barely above a whisper her eyes
  staring into the sofa. 
 "Well good, because you're not done. Go kneel up over there, hands behind
  your head", Maggie commanded pointing to a spot to the left of Debbie. 
 As Diane turned to walk around Debbie to where she had been commanded to
  kneel Maggie struck her across the rump with the crop. Diane gasped and reached
  back with her hand to where she had been struck. 
 "What are you doing? Get down on your hands and knees and crawl! Who told
  you to stand up", Maggie spat. 
 Diane slinked down to the ground trying to make herself small. She then
  crawled around Debbie swaying her hips as she went. Her dress had ridden up
  on her buttocks and her panties were still askew from Jules exploration. Arriving
  to the left of Debbie she knelt up, clasping her hands behind her head, leaning
  back on her heels and arching her back to thrust her breasts forward. 
 "Spread those legs", was Maggie's last command as she now turned her attention
  to Debbie. 
 Leaning forward Maggie grabbed the ring on Debbie's collar and pulled her
  up so she was standing bent at the waist and leaning over Maggie. She put out
  her hands to brace herself on the sofa. 
 "Hands behind your back, " barked Maggie. 
 Debbie immediately complied, forcing her to use Maggie's hand on her collar
  for support. 
 "Diane, pull the sluts panties off," Maggie ordered. 
 Diane wasted no time obeying Maggie. She brought her hand down the inside
  of Debbie's thighs starting much higher than she needed to. Tugging down at
  the middle then moving her hands to the outside Diane brought Debbie's panties
  to her knees where a slight movement of Debbie's legs allowed them to drop. 
 Her task done, a sharp glance from Maggie, reminded Diane's to clasp her
  hands behind her head and kneel up. 
 Debbie shivered with pleasure. Diane's subdued caresses had heightened her
  arousal. Her mouth open she stared down into the folds of Maggie's robe, longing
  to bury her head there and press her body against Maggie. 
 "Step out of your heels and keep your hands behind your back, " Maggie snapped
  at Debbie. 
 As Debbie removed her heels Maggie gently toyed with her, swaying her back
  and forth. Debbie had no recourse but to move as Maggie wished since leaning
  forward as she was and without the use of her hands she was dependent on Maggie
  to keep her from toppling into the sofa. After a bit Maggie brought Debbie's
  head over to her right side so Debbie shielded Maggie from Jules. Maggie then
  leaned forward so her face was aside Debbie's. 
 Debbie could feel Maggie's hot breath on her ear. Maggie also reached up
  with her free hand and brought Debbie's one concealed breast out of her bra.
  Maggie then rolled the nipple idly between her fingers. 
"Well, your talented mouth has earned you a little treat", Maggie spoke in
  a low tone directly into Debbie's ear. 
 The praise from Maggie warmed her from head to toe. Debbie couldn't help
  but plant soft kisses on the other side of Maggie's head, desperately wanting
  to pleasure Maggie. 
"I want you to crawl over to Master Jules and beg to serve him. If you please
  him you please me. If you don't please him, you displease me. I don't think
  you want to displease me do you?" Maggie whispered seductively. 
"No maam", breathed Debbie as she nuzzled and caressed Maggie's neck with
  her lips. She longed to do more but she was held off balance and immobile by
  Maggie. 
"Good. Off you go then", ordered Maggie. She gave Debbie's nipple a sharp
  squeeze and pulled Debbie by the collar toward Jules so that Debbie fell to
  her knees between the sofa and the chair Jules occupied. Debbie only mustered
  a little grace by bracing her fall at the last minute. Landing on her knees
  Debbie turned to look at Jules. 
 Debbie looked up into Jules face and immediately melted back on her heels.
  Jules looked on her with a countenance of utter and complete domination. Debbie
  gaze returned to the carpet by her knees. 
Her mind was racing. What to do next? These people were all unlike any she
  had ever encountered. There was none of the normal awkward nervousness that
  exists between people thrust into intimate situations where they are unsure
  of themselves and their partners. Everyone here was so sure of them self. At
  least those that weren't on their knees. 
"Look at me slut, and keep your hands behind your back", came Jules baritone
  voice 
 Jules then reached out and ran his index finger slowly and lightly along
  Debbie's left cheek under her chin and up the other cheek. Debbie moved her
  head to caress the finger as it caressed her, longing now to touch more of
  Jules. Jules then ran his finger along her upper lip and back lightly over
  her lower lip. Debbie could still smell and taste Diane on Jules' finger. Evidently
  she hadn't licked and sucked it totally clean before. 
 Debbie's lips parted as she longed to suck, kiss or caress any part of Jules
  even his finger. Jules obliged her by inserting his finger in her mouth. Debbie
  ran her mouth up and down the length and then lovingly sucked on the tip all
  the while staring up at Jules with lust in her eyes. 
 Jules then pushed his finger far into Debbie's mouth, nearly making her
  gag, as she wasn't ready for this onslaught. Then using the finger in her mouth
  he roughly tossed her head back and forth up and down evoking a whimper from
  Debbie. At first she inwardly recoiled at this abuse and violation. Then somehow,
  being totally under the control of Jules began to excite her. She squeezed
  her thighs together wishing there was something between them. She gazed up
  at Jules, closed her mouth gently on his finger, making sure her teeth wouldn't
  touch him and let him toss her about, essentially saying to Jules, "take me
  I'm yours". 
 "Hmmmm ", Jules purred almost inaudibly, obviously content with his mastery
  over Debbie. 
 He then turned his finger to the roof of her mouth just behind her teeth
  and slowly pulled her toward him. Debbie gasped, as the pressure in her mouth
  was unexpected and put her hands out to steady her. 
"Hands!!" Jules blurted. 
Debbie hands fluttered about, as at first she didn't understand what Jules
  meant. Then seeing the stern look on his face it dawned on her that he meant
  her to keep her hands behind her back, at all cost. 
 Clenching her hands together in the small of her back she let Jules raise
  her off her knees and pull her toward him. 
 Debbie looked up to see Jules gazing down at her as she drew near him. She
  watched as his eyes quickly scanned her breasts, hips and legs then returned
  to peer deep into her eyes. 
 Jules pulled Debbie over the edge of the chair, clearly wanting her in his
  lap. Without the use of her hands Debbie was forced to raise her left leg up
  on the armrest and unceremoniously dump herself half on Jules and half draped
  over the armrest. Her left leg ended up bent and with her knee just above Jules
  crotch. Her head rested on his massive chest looking down at his waist. With
  her right leg dangling over the chair her crotch was pressed against the armrest.
  She gasped in pleasure at finally having something to rub against her drenched
  pussy. Without thinking she slowly started to grind her hips into the armrest. 
 "Stop it you slut", Maggie exclaimed while swatting her on the rump with
  the crop. 
 Debbie bit her lip in anguish; she was so horny she needed something. She
  desperately wanted to come. She was reaching the point where it didn't matter
  what brought her off so long as she came. Without thinking she started to nibble
  and bite at Jules chest through his shirt while quietly whimpering in frustration. 
 "My, my what a sight. A pretty pussy stuck up in the air for all
    to see ", Maggie commented as she gazed over at Debbie's rear perched on
    the armrest with her slit and but hole prominently displayed.  
   
 Maggie's voice reminded her of her orders. " Please Master Jules let me
  serve you, please," Debbie begged. 
 "Just how would you serve me?" Jules replied obviously intrigued by the
  idea. 
 " In any way you like sir, let me suck you, kiss you, play with you. Use
  me as you like, I'm yours, just let me please you." Debbie gushed while still
  kissing and nibbling Jules through his shirt. 
 " Hmmm", murmured Jules. "Show me that you really want to". 
 Debbie kissed in nibbled with greater fervor trying to get her mouth between
  the buttons on Jules shirt, muttering in a whisper "please sir.. please sir
  ...". 
 Debbie began involuntarily grinding her pussy against the armrest again.
  Which earned her another swat from Maggie. She immediately stopped understanding
  Maggie's message. 
 Debbie left knee could feel the pressure of a slowly hardening cock. Ever
  so slightly she tried to rub it with her knee but without the use of her hands
  she had trouble moving or controlling her body. 
 "All right little slut", Jules pronounced, while at the same time raising
  Debbie by the collar so she was now perched with both knees on the armrest
  of the chair. 
 Debbie teetered on the armrest, her hands fluttering about as she tried
  to steady herself. The armrest was a good 10 inches wide, but sloped slightly
  downward toward the inside of the chair. Jules grabbed her thigh with one hand
  to help steady her. Once she regained her balance she struggled to decide where
  to put her hands. Her inclination was to put a hand between her legs and use
  her other hand to massage her breasts and play with her nipples. However, as
  she started to reach for herself she drew her hands back thinking, " Does Maggie
  want me to? Will she let me?" 
 A quick swat from Maggie's crop on her rump and the sharp order, "hands
  behind your head slut" ended her equivocation. 
 Slowly so as to not loose her balance she raised her hands behind her head
  and settled back on her heels directly above the outside edge of the armrest
  with her knees resting on Jules thigh and hip. 
 "Jules, the little slut hardly seems capable of taking care of you. Perhaps
  we ought to have Jeremy come and at least help her," Maggie suggested in a
  mischievous voice. 
 "Where did that little cocksucker go," mused Jules to no one in particular. 
 "Jeremy", Maggie called sharply and glanced toward the door. 
 "Yes madam," came Jeremy's voice as he stepped into the room. 
 As Jeremy walked through the room toward Maggie he took in the surrounding
  scene. He looked neither surprised nor shocked. It was hard to call his countenance
  anything other than indifferent. He stopped just in front of Maggie, having
  to stand back a bit due to Diane's presence at Maggie's feet. 
 "Madam?" he inquired this time with a hint of expectancy pointed at Maggie. 
 "Jeremy, help Master Jules off with his trousers. The little slut isn't
  going to be able to manage at the rate she's going," Maggie instructed. 
 Jeremy's expression sank, and then quickly blanked again. It was the first
  time there had been any crack in his expressionless demeanor. Clearly he had
  been hoping for a different set of orders. His eyes furtively glanced at Jules
  feet, then to Debbie perched on the arm of the chair back to Maggie and finally
  back at Jules feet. 
 "Come, come Jeremy, let's get to it. And mind your manners. Master Jules
  may not be so patient with you this time," Maggie said in a voice betraying
  more than a little impatience. 
 Jeremy moved around Diane to stand at Jules feet. Keeping his eyes on Jules
  feet, he sank slowly toward the ground. With a small thud he dropped the final
  few inches to the ground. 
"Jeremy, maybe if you're good Master Jules will give you a treat", Maggie
  teased. 
 Turning her attention to Diane, Maggie stretched her legs out and reclined
  back into the sofa. "Dianne! Let's put your mouth and tits to work", Maggie
  said. "Show me how much you want to please me. Use your tits and mouth on my
  legs, do it well and maybe I'll let you do some more." 
"Master Jules may I help you remove your pants", Jeremy spoke barely above
  a whisper while staring at Jules feet. 
"What did you say boy?" boomed Jules with a furrowed brow. 
Jules was now idly stroking Debbie's thighs, alternately groping them and
  stroking them lightly while staring down at Jeremy. The muscles in Debbie thighs
  were accented nicely since she had to use her legs to help her balance on the
  armrest. 
"Master Jules if you wish it, may I please help you remove your trousers, " Jeremy
  said while raising his gaze to Jules midriff, his voice now trembling. Clearly
  Jules' rising ire had startled him and he was making a conscious effort to
  quell any further fury from Jules. 
"Better remove my sandals first, don't you think, boy," Jules suggested already
  a little calmer. 
 "Yes master ", and with that Jeremy reached for Jules left foot. Jeremy
  carefully unbuckled Jules sandal and slowly, delicately slipping it off his
  foot. As he removed the sandal he cradled Jules foot in his free hand, gently
  setting it down on the floor. Jeremy then reached for Jules right foot. 
"Jeremy!" spat Maggie. 
 From Debbie's vantage point she could tell Maggie's exclamation had sent
  Jeremy into a panic. Something about Jules clearly had Jeremy on edge. He suddenly
  looked lost and confused and most of all scared. He started to turn toward
  Maggie then changed his mind, turning back to Jules right foot. Jeremy's furrowed
  brow indicated he was racking his brain to figure out what Maggie's intent
  was. During all this he never raised his gaze from Jules feet. 
 Finally he bent to Jules bare foot and lovingly planted a tender kiss on
  the arch of Jules' bare foot. He slowly mouthed a bit of the skin trying not
  to pull at the thin hair, then ran his tongue and mouth lightly down towards
  Jules toes. 
 "Maggie, your boy's learning some manners is seems," Jules pronounced. " boy,
  now get the other sandal, " Jules continued in an almost jovial manner, now
  turning his attention to Debbie. 
 "mmmm", was all Maggie could only manage. Preoccupied as she was with Dianne's
  orchestrations on her legs. Diane had parted Maggie's robe below the thigh
  and was mouthing her thighs while letting her breasts dangle lightly on Maggie's
  outstretched legs. 
 With some effort Debbie was keeping her balance on the armrest with her
  hands clasped behind her head. Jules reached around and grabbed a buttock with
  one hand testing its firmness. Meanwhile he reached over with his other hand
  and lightly ran his finger back and forth just above her clit. 
 Debbie moaned in pleasure. She was beside herself with lust, wanting to
  throw herself at this immense man. She shivered with anticipation of what might
  be next. If her hands had been free she would've cupped her breasts and offered
  them up to Jules. As it was, she seductively moved her torso hoping to bring
  Jules' attention to her breasts. 
 Such was her self-absorption with Jules caresses that she was oblivious
  to the scene unfolding at Jules feet. 
 Finished removing the second sandal, Jeremy bent and planted a kiss on the
  arch of the newly bared foot. Again, he lovingly mouthed and kissed the foot
  taking care not to pull the hair. 
 Jeremy's caresses and the specter of Debbie on display in front of Jules
  were starting to have an effect on Jules. The bulge in his pants had grown
  considerably and his pants now stood as an impediment to further play. 
 "Let's go boy, get my pants off," Jules said with rising impatience. 
 Jeremy rose from Jules' feet and reached for the waistband of Jules pants.
  The soft black corduroy pants were belt less, with a stretch waistband making
  it easy for Jeremy to tug them down. Jeremy's hands slid Jules pants down,
  his fingers finding nothing but flesh underneath the pants. Jules raised his
  hips to allow Jeremy to easily pull the pants off his buttocks. As Jeremy pulled
  the pants past Jules crotch his dick sprang up half erect. Both Jeremy and
  Debbie's gaze were drawn to Jules dick. 
 "Jeremy, I bet if you ask nicely, Jules would let you lick his balls", Maggie
  interjected. 
 Having finished removing Jules pants and neatly setting them aside Jeremy
  had begun kissing and mouthing Jules thighs just above his knees. Taking Maggie's
  cue he raised his gaze to look at Jules cock and balls and said, " Master Jules
  may I lick your balls". 
 Maggie's latest suggestion to Jeremy and the mention of Jules balls brought
  Debbie out of her private little ecstasy and back to the here and now of Maggie's
  room full of Mistresses, Masters and pets. 
 Debbie was astonished at the scene unfolding before her. She was fascinated
  and turned on by the absolute submissiveness of Jeremy coupled with the awesome
  presence of Jules. As shocking as it was for her to see one man pleasing another,
  she was distraught at the possibility of Jeremy getting Jules cock and not
  her. She was now mad with lust, Jules gentle massaging of her clit was slowly
  driving her to the edge. She wanted to grab Jules cock, pump it hard and ram
  her cunt down on it. No way did she want to kneel there and watch Jeremy, or
  anyone else for that matter, get Jules cock. 
 "Oh, I don't know boy, this slut here has already said she'll do anything
  to take care of me, didn't you dear", questioned Jules. 
 "Yes sir. Please let me please you with my hands, my mouth, my pussy ...
  please ...please", begged Debbie, now realizing she would have to compete for
  the chance to serve Jules. 
 " See boy, she really wants it, how bad do you want it?", asked Jules. 
 "Please master Jules, let me lick and suck your balls, let me please your
  ...", Jeremy began an earnest litany of pleas. 
 Feeling that maybe she would be outdone by Jeremy, Debbie began her own
  frantic incoherent pleas, "Please sir let suck.... lick your... ". 
 Worried they would loose their chance at Jules, Jeremy and Debbie increased
  their frantic pleas to have Jules pick them to serve his pleasure. As the cacophony
  of pleas grew Jules dick slowly rose to a nearly fully erect sate. 
 All at once he reached down grabbed Jeremy by the hair and pulled him to
  his crotch saying, " Get licking boy". 
 Debbie let out a whimper as she saw Jeremy slavishly tonguing Jules balls.
  Running his tongue around and around each ball in Jules ball sac. Gently sucking
  each ball into his mouth and running his tongue along the base of his scrotum. 
 "Sir, please let me.... ", Debbie was beside herself with frustration and
  lust. Her cunt now soaking wet from Jules caresses. 
 "Hmmm, would you like to use your pussy on my cock. Would you like that",
  queried Jules. 
 "ooooo yes sir, please", gasped Debbie with new found hope. 
 Debbie looked down at Jeremy with his face buried in Jules balls and Jules
  cock now fully erect and pointing skyward. She wanted to throw her crotch on
  Jules dick and drive it up inside her. 
 "Jules, why don't you have Jeremy suck your cock, I hear he's good at it," interjected
  Maggie in a calm voice belying the tension between those in the chair. 
 Debbie whimpered again. "No!", she thought. She wanted Jules cock inside
  her! 
 Jules was beginning to be caught up in the moment. His dick was now rock
  hard and pointing in the air. He was starting to feel that swelling need in
  his loins. Maggie's suggestion of a mouth on his cock was just too irresistible.
  With the simple command, "Suck", he reached down and grabbed Jeremy's head
  and rammed it down on his cock. 
 Jeremy immediately took to the task. Running his mouth up and down Jules'
  cock while twisting his head back and forth. He removed it from his mouth with
  a pop to quickly lick up and down the sides before returning it and continuing
  his methodical twisting up and down motion. 
 "noooo", Debbie quietly moaned in anguish. She wanted that cock inside her
  so, so bad. Jules hadn't let up on his fingering of her and she was mad with
  lust. 
 Jules to was getting caught up in the passion of the moment. He rolled his
  head back and let out a quiet roar of pleasure., then returned his eyes to
  Debbie. 
 "So little slut, you want your pussy on my dick?", Jules asked. 
 "please sir yest, oh please ...please". 
 "OK, rub your slit on my cock ", Jules ordered and at the same time plopped
  Debbie onto his crotch with her legs spread wide so that her slit was at the
  base of his cock. Jeremy still controlled the top of Jules dick with his mouth
  and didn't appear to have any intent on relinquishing it but Debbie was able
  to mash her pussy into the side of Jules' dick. 
 Debbie was confused. Jules cock was at her crotch but Jeremy's still had
  Jules cock in him mouth and was furiously sucking and licking it. 
 "Go ahead, get to work bitch. Rub your pussy on my cock," said Jules with
  rising impatience. 
 Debbie struggled to get her feet to the edge of the chair to gain some leverage.
  Jules cock kept her from sliding off his lap. With her feet now up and her
  hands on the armrests she began moving her slit up and down Jules' cock. As
  she moved up she would occasionally bump into Jeremy's mouth on it's way down
  Jules cock. Her soaking wet cunt soon had Jules' dick shining with her juices. 
 Debbie began to pant from the exertion it took to do her appointed task.
  Her slit warmed with the attention it was getting but try as she might she
  couldn't move her hips so she could rub her clit on Jules dick. She desperately
  tried to shift her hips down knowing if she could do so she'd probably be able
  to get herself off. But try as she might she couldn't do it. Frustration was
  beginning to mount. She badly needed to come. 
 "My Jules, aren't you resourceful", pronounced Maggie, gazing on the scene
  with Diane still laboring over her legs. 
 "Jeremy, look up at the slut ,and you little slut, look down into Jeremy's
  eyes", Maggie instructed. 
 As Jeremy's and Debbie's eye's met, Maggie continued, " That's it. Look
  each other in the eye and keep it that way till you're done pleasing Master
  Jules. 
 Debbie gazed down into Jeremy's eyes. He was laboring to take as much of
  Jules thick cock as he could but his eyes were serenely impassive. Physically
  he was exerting himself as was evident by the sucking and slurping noises,
  but his eyes belied the effort that he was making. 
 Debbie wiggled her ass and ground her slit into Jules cock in an attempt
  to get some pressure on her clit. Her pussy was still drenched and the rising
  tension in her loins was slowly becoming all consuming. She desperately tried
  to find a way to rub not only her slit but her clit on Jules cock. She tried
  squirming left and right sliding up and down but all to no avail. Her only
  success was meeting Jeremy's mouth on her upstroke and his down stroke of Jules
  cock. In doing so his upper lip rubbed across her pussy lips just below her
  clit. However, as soon as she met Jeremy's lip it was gone, almost as if she
  were hot to the touch. With each furtive collision with Jeremy's mouth she
  let out a little shriek. 
 Jules breath was beginning to quicken and he leaned back into the chair
  and closed his eyes. 
 "mmmmm .... mmmmmm.. that's the way ", he moaned. 
 Debbie let out a deep moan half in passion and half in frustration. She
  desperately wanted to fuck Jules. She was mad with lust. She stared down at
  Jeremy with a wild eyed look of concentration as she strained with her arms
  and legs to support herself so she could grind and slide her slit on Jules'
  cock. Jeremy sucked and slurped at the upper part of Jules cock. The lower
  part being occupied by Debbie's slit. As Jeremy labored over Jules cock he
  continued to calmly look up into Debbie's eyes. 
 Debbie was staring down at Jeremy sucking Jules cock as she ground her pussy
  on Jules cock just below his mouth. She was delirious with lust. She begged
  Jeremy with her eyes for help in relieving her fire. Jeremy however, didn't
  deviate from his duties in servicing Jules. Debbie continued to stare intently
  at Jeremy, and soon all was a blur except his serene gaze looking into her
  eyes and the fire in her loins. 
 Jules was now clearly heading to the point of no control. His hips started
  gently driving up into Jeremy's mouth and Debbie's buttocks. He reached up
  with his right arm and grabbed Debbie around the chest and drew her into him. 
 The scene in the chair was having an effect on the rest of the room. Maggie
  had spread her legs inviting Dianne to crawl between them and plant her mouth
  on Maggie's pussy. Diane wasted no time, running her tongue up Maggie's inner
  thigh to Maggie's crotch. Dianne started by slowly licking up and down her
  slit pushing her tongue in the entrance to her cunt when it passed and finishing
  off by flicking her clit with her tongue. 
 Dianne tried to avert her eyes to see what was happening in the chair next
  to them but had difficulty seeing past Maggie's thighs and the armrest of the
  sofa. 
 Noticing Dianne's diverted attention Maggie swiftly brought the crop down
  on Dianne's rump. 
 "Just you never mind about them, you've only got one thing to concentrate
  on now and that's me. Get your little mouth and tongue to work!" instructed
  Maggie her voice starting to soften with her rising passion. 
 Diane immediately buried her mouth in Maggie's pussy and with renewed vigor
  began licking and sucking Maggie. She had been licking and kissing Maggie's
  legs and feet for some time now longing to put her mouth between Maggie's legs.
  She didn't want to loose this new privilege. 
 Joyce, meanwhile had a hold of her girl's head and was grinding her hips
  into the girls mouth. Her gaze was transfixed on the trio in the chair at Maggie's
  end of the sofa. 
 Jules was now nearing the inevitable pinnacle of ecstasy. He was clutching
  Debbie to his chest with such ferocity that he was making it hard for her to
  breath. Regardless she continued to grind her pussy into the side of Jules'
  cock, still trying desperately to gain release. Debbie tilted her head to the
  side to keep Jeremy in her sight. She was delirious now with lust, her vision
  blurred, Jeremy's impassionate eyes and the fire in her loins providing the
  sum total or her world. 
 Jeremy sensing the pulsing in Jules dick redoubled his efforts not wanting
  to waste this chance to get Jules to finish. Jeremy slurped and sucked, rhythmically
  moving his head up and down twisting it sideways almost as if he were screwing
  a nut on a bolt with his lips. Debbie frantically ground her pussy into Jules'
  cock from the side. So mad with lust was she that she was having delusions
  of enveloping Jules' cock from that angle and fucking him silly. 
 Sucking and slurping .. grinding and rubbing over and over.... Jules was
  abandoning himself to the dual sensations. Sucking and slurping .... grinding
  ... rubbing..... sucking ... grinding ... slurping.... rubbing .... sucking..... 
 "Pump!", Jules barked. At the same time he pulled Debbie off his cock so
  that her pussy was inches away from his cock. 
 Understanding at once the task he was being ordered to do, Jeremy brought
  his right hand up to Jules cock and slowly and firmly began pumping Jules shaft
  from the base while he moved his mouth over the top of Jules' cock. 
 Debbie shrieked in frustration as her cunt was pulled from Jules' cock.
  She frantically clawed at the chair in an effort to thrust herself back onto
  Jules' dick. Her strength however was no match for Jules and she whimpered
  in despair as her cunt cried out for attention. 
 Jeremy could feel the rising tension in Jules loins. He kept up the firm
  pumping motion and took in as much of Jules cock as he could sucking and slurping
  in earnest. 
 "ummm I'm coming ", Joyce murmured to her girl, but loud enough for all
  to hear. 
 As Jules came nearer and nearer to climax he squeezed Debbie harder into
  his chest causing her to gasp for breath. 
 Jeremy pumped and sucked at Jules' pulsating cock with a new fervor, knowing
  his labor may soon be over if he performed correctly. 
 With a yell of satisfaction Jules arched his back and thrust his hips at
  Jeremy and unleashed his load into Jeremy's mouth. Jeremy continued to pump
  and suck at Jules cock helping propel Jules' seed in to his mouth. He swallowed
  a large load of cum only to have his mouth filled quickly with more. He struggled
  to keep it all in his mouth and ran his tongue quickly around Jules cock to
  regain any of the lost cum. 
 As Jules relaxed, his grip on Debbie lessened and she quickly gulped in
  air. Catching her breath she whimpered quietly to herself, knowing she had
  somehow missed a chance at satisfaction. She desperately wanted to put her
  hand between her legs and finger herself to climax but she new she dare not.
  It wasn't the fear of being struck by the crop that kept Debbie's hands off
  herself, but rather the fear of displeasing Maggie. 
 With a long sigh of satisfaction Jules unceremoniously dumped Debbie on
  the floor between the chair and the sofa. As Debbie fell she let out a shriek,
  not expecting to be discarded by Jules so quickly and callously. 
"Not unless I say", Maggie spat sternly down at Dianne and at the same time
  pulling Diane's head out of her crotch. 
 Jules dick was quickly deflating in Jeremy's mouth. Jeremy moved his hands
  to his side as there was no longer anything to pump, but he kept mouthing Jules'
  dick. Mixed with the taste of semen on Jules dick was the taste of Debbie's
  pussy. 
 "Jeremy where's your manners! Now what do you say", admonished Maggie. 
 Jeremy paused his ministrations, staring intently at Jules' crotch. The
  he began speaking slowly and distinctly. 
 "Master Jules thank you for coming in my mouth and letting me suck your
  dick," Jeremy stated flatly while running his tongue over Jules' balls. 
 "mmmm", was all Jules could mutter still exhausted from spilling his seed
  in Jeremy's mouth. 
 "Well Joyce, you seemed to enjoy that, " Maggie commented. 
 Joyce reclining back on the sofa with her girl's head still buried between
  her legs, ran her hands through the girl's hair and could only let out a long
  sigh. 
 The silence in the room was palpable. Except for the contented sighs of
  Jules and the pitiful almost inaudible whimpering of Debbie there wasn't a
  sound. 
 Maggie let the silence weigh on everyone for a few minutes. 
 "My.... my .....my....., now what.....," Maggie slowly mused out loud to
  no one in particular. 
 "I know! Let's play musical rooms!" 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





