BDSM Library - The King's Tempory Slave




The King's Tempory Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: "I Carol Waterman do hereby commit myself to become a temporary harem slave to King Joshua of Zamarabea for a period of two calendar months starting from my arrival on Zamarabea soil." Writing definitive articles on harem life would involve plenty of sex and lot of pain.The King's Temporary Slave   
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF Rom Spank  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
The King's Temporary Slave   
By obohobo  
Chapter 1. The contract   
I read the contract one more time before signing it. It was a very big decision
  for me to take and I had been warned that it wouldn't be all love and sex.
  There could and probably would be pain too. &quot;I'm young and strong enough
  to take it and the king seems to fancy me so it shouldn't be too bad despite
  what Sapphire says. If I get the acknowledgement I deserve for the articles,
  my career could take off. Never before has the king allowed a journalist inside
  his palace or his harem,&quot; I argued with myself.  
I Carol Waterman do hereby commit myself to become a temporary harem slave
  to King Joshua of Zamarabea for a period of two calendar months starting from
  my arrival on Zamarabean soil. I agree to be subject to the rules and disciplines
  of Zamarabea and those of the harem subject only to the following exceptions:  
i. I shall be free for a minimum of four hours each day to study life in
  King Joshua's household;  
ii. I will have the use of my laptop computer and digital camera to write
  a series of articles for HiYa magazine;  
iii. I will be allowed supervised access to the Internet to contact my employer
  for one hour every two weeks to send an article to HiYa magazine. King Joshua
  or his representative will exercise his right to read the article before transmission.  
Signed: Carol Waterman, Journalist HiYa Magazine  
Witness: Sapphire, Personal Assistant to King Joshua.  
&quot;Thank you Carol. You are a brave girl to make such a decision just
  to write a few articles,&quot; Sapphire smiled at me as she spoke. &quot;At
  noon tomorrow a car will pick you up and bring you here to the Zamarabean embassy.
  You have until then to put your affairs in order and to pack one small case
  no bigger than a normal carry-on bag and bring your laptop and camera. Bring
  only those items you deem are absolutely necessary. Do not pack any clothes
  including underwear. You will be supplied with slave dress on arrival in the
  palace.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know about being brave. I'm actually terrified but the opportunity
  to really get inside and find out what happens in an Arab harem is too good
  to miss. More so as my boss didn't believe I would be able to pull it off.&quot;  
Sapphire smiled again and gave me a hug of reassurance. &quot;I wonder if
  you will feel the same when you feel the cane or whip bite into your flesh
  as surely it will at some point during your stay. The king might seem light-hearted
  and amusing during his visit to London, but in his own country, he was less
  tolerant,&quot; she told me. I knew she had tried to warn me but the king's
  charm blinkered my judgement. It was too late. I'd signed the contract.  
Sitting on my bed I went through the events of the previous week. It had
  started with a chance remark from Yvonne Dubois, HiYa's editor in chief, as
  she sat reading the news information filling her computer screen. &quot;King
  Joshua of Zamarabea is visiting London tomorrow and dining with the Queen in
  the evening.&quot; Seeing me peering over her shoulder at the picture of a
  fine looking man in his late thirties she remarked rather cattily, &quot;I
  don't suppose you even know where Zamarabea;is Carol.&quot;  
&quot;I do indeed. It's a small country or rather a kingdom on the eastern
  side of Arabia.&quot;  
&quot;Not actually so small. Only looks small on atlas's which show the whole
  of the Middle East on one page.&quot;  
&quot;It's rich in oil, has a modern form of slavery and is still feudal
  in its government.&quot; I went on showing off a little of the knowledge I
  had. &quot;Do I get to interview him on the strength of that information?&quot; It
  was really intended as a joke.  
&quot;He doesn't give interviews. I know some of the national broadsheets
  have tried for their supplements and Michael Parkinson failed for the BBC so
  a youngster like you wouldn't stand a chance.&quot; My face must have fell
  when she made that remark because she went on, &quot;You can try if you like.
  It would be a big scoop but I understand he's very loath to talk to the press
  in any shape or form, even reporters with big tits.&quot; She referred to my
  over endowment in the boob department.  
I remembered my school friend Brenda telling me a few months back that she
  been to Zamarabea with Bob her husband when he'd tendered for a job to install
  surveillance equipment in part of the palace. She went along to make sure that
  Bob didn't find his prick stuffing the harem girls. Instead, although she didn't
  actually say so, I think she found the king's prick inside her and they'd both
  made use of the harem facilities. From her I knew more about things inside
  the palace than I'd told Yvonne.  
Thinking she might have information that would get me an interview, I phoned
  her. &quot;You might get lucky,&quot; she answered, &quot;Bob has to go over
  the details for another installation with some guy at the embassy and I'm going
  along to renew my acquaintance with Joshua. I'll see what I can do. You know
  he's used to getting his own way with women so you might have to drop your
  knickers for him but that never used to bother you too much! And your big tits
  might be a big asset.&quot; She laughed and so did I. We were friends enough
  for that kind of statement. In any case a fuck or two would be a small price
  to pay.  
Two days later the office had a phone call. &quot;It's from the Zamarabean
  embassy,&quot; Yvonne announced in a surprised way, &quot;It's for you.&quot; I
  was trembling when I answered and felt all the eyes in the office were on me
  but all they heard was my yes, no, and other disjointed words.  
When I put the phone down I casually told Yvonne in a voice just load enough
  for everyone to hear, &quot;I'm dining with King Joshua tonight, &quot;Can
  I have an allowance and some time off to get a new dress?&quot;  
&quot;How did you manage that Carol?&quot; Yvonne was astounded and to be
  truthful, so was I.  
&quot;Connections and a bit of influence,&quot; I said pompously shaking
  my tits so they could half guess the influence. I bought an expensive very
  sexy dress that revealed a goodly expanse of my breasts. Fortunately it was
  put on the magazine's account and not mine, so I wasn't concerned at the price.
  I just hoped it would get me a good story. We had a cocktail before the meal
  and he talked in general terms about his country, nothing that I couldn't have
  found out on the Internet, in fact he probably found out more about me than
  I did about him. Each time I tried to probe for more private details of his
  life he deftly side-stepped the question and quietly said that we would talk
  more intimately later. Perhaps HiYa wouldn't get its money's worth out of the
  dress after all but I could see it was having an effect on him. While we talked
  his eyes constantly roamed over my breasts and where the slit showed my bare
  thighs. I could see his dress-like embroidered robe tenting at his groin and
  rightly guessed I would get screwed after the meal.  
About a dozen of us sat down for dinner. The king introduced me to various
  ministers and their wives and to Sapphire who he designated his personal assistant
  and who sat on the other side of the king to me. Everyone spoke excellent english
  but I knew that was the official language the country adopted when under British
  Colonial rule up to 1928. English provided a common language understood by
  all the various tribes that had their own dialect or completely different language.  
The meal was a lengthy affair with many small courses and a wait between
  during which I talked and chatted with the king and Sapphire as though we were
  old friends. I gained a little more insight into life inside the palace but
  not any of the erotic details I wanted for our readership. &quot;Sapphire bought
  one of your magazines,&quot; the king informed me, &quot;I wished to see the
  sort of articles you wrote. It seemed you cater particularly for women from
  late teenage to about the thirties and while there are recipes and household
  items, a large proportion of the magazine is devoted to sexual matters.&quot; I
  agreed and said that was a very important part of women's lives, particularly
  in that age group. &quot;From your dress, I guess it is important to you as
  well,&quot; the king commented and again I agreed.  
Finally the meal was over and the others departed and the king led me to
  a sumptuously appointed bedroom. &quot;I trust we can spend a little time enjoying
  each other's company now,&quot; the king said pulling me close to him. &quot;May
  I?&quot; His hand was on the zip at the top of my dress.  
&quot;Certainly,&quot; I replied, &quot;I thought you'd never ask.&quot; He
  peeled my dress off leaving me with wearing only knickers and shoes. I couldn't
  wear a bra with that dress so my tits fell free. He immediately fondled them
  and kissed my nipples. By this time I was very horny. Taking hold of the sash
  to his robe I asked, &quot;May I?&quot;  
&quot;Certainly, I thought you'd never ask,&quot; he mimicked. His splendid
  gold trimmed robe with several layers of silk underneath came off in one piece.
  He was naked underneath. &quot;I have these robes specially made for the staff
  and slaves in the palace,&quot; he told me, &quot;Saves so much time when you
  have a woman waiting for what it hides.&quot;  
&quot;I've often wondered if it was true about Arabs,&quot; I giggled taking
  hold of his erection, &quot;I'd heard that Arabs pricks were long and thin.
  Yours is pretty long and plump with it.&quot;  
&quot;And I suppose you've heard that is because we like to use the bottoms
  of young boys?&quot; He laughed. &quot;Well some do but I much prefer the bottoms
  of nice females but first let me look at your cunt. I'm sure it will be delightful
  and ready to receive me.&quot; He slid my knickers off and found his assumption
  was correct. I was wet and ready for a good fucking and he certainly gave me
  that. Obviously with a harem, he had plenty of practice.  
Later when we were lying sweaty and sated from our exertions, he rang a small
  bell and a maid appeared. She totally ignored our nakedness and on the king's
  instructions left to fetch towels and champagne. They must have been ready
  and waiting because she reappeared very quickly with a second maid and they
  wiped the sweat from our bodies and the juices from between my legs. I would
  have preferred a shower but the towelling was very erotic too. Both maids left
  after pouring champagne for us.  
&quot;What would you like to know?&quot; Joshua asked. &quot;I'll give you
  half an interview now and another half when I've tried your bottom hole. Have
  you had it in there before?&quot;  
&quot;Only once and that was with a small boy and I was young too.&quot; We
  talked and I felt that at last I was really getting some of the information
  I wanted about his life and the slaves and the way he treated them and the
  differences in life in Zamarabea to life in England.  
&quot;By your standards, the poor are very poor,&quot; he pointed out, &quot;But
  they have food enough and there are hospitals and treatment is free. However,
  they do not have money for luxuries but their needs are simple. They work the
  land or the oil fields and they have houses adequate for the size of their
  families.&quot;  
&quot;How many women do you have in your harem?&quot;  
&quot;About thirty women and ten men.&quot; I was surprised at this but he
  went on, &quot;Some guests prefer men and we have lady visitors like your friend
  so I can accommodate their needs too.&quot;  
&quot;So that's why she went,&quot; I thought but I asked &quot;Do you treat
  your slaves kindly?&quot;  
&quot;I think I do but I'm sure that when one has not satisfied me and has
  received a whipping, they think otherwise.&quot;  
&quot;You whip your slaves?&quot; My voice showed my horror.  
&quot;Of course. That is the traditional way of correcting mistakes. It's
  not usually an actual whip. For minor offences we use a strap, and for more
  serious demeanours the cane. The whip is reserved for the worst offences, unless
  of course, I'm just in a mood and want to see some flesh striped. Being in
  total authority, has its advantages.&quot;  
By this time and with my fondling, his prick was hard again so he broke off
  the interview and made me kneel, doggie style. I wondered how much it would
  hurt but the champagne was having a relaxing effect on my brain. I shuddered
  when I felt cold gel being put around my hole and then a finger inserted more
  inside me. &quot;Relax,&quot; he said and I tried but he had to use quite a
  lot of force before he could enter. Once in, it seemed to slide easily and
  he screwed me hard. When the initial pain disappeared I began to enjoy the
  experience especially as his right hand diddled my clit. It was this that brought
  me off twice before he shot his sperm into my rectum.  
Again he summoned the maids but this time we did use the shower. I washed
  him and he reciprocated. At one point, I burst out laughing, and when he asked
  why, &quot;I never thought I'd ever wash the prick and arse of a real live
  king.&quot; When we stepped out of the showered the maids dried us. &quot;I
  could get used to this life,&quot; I thought.  
The bed had been remade when we returned and we again lay side by side. I
  left the champagne alone as I wanted to keep a reasonably clear head for the
  second part of my interview. First I asked him more questions on the life of
  the slaves in his harem but we were both getting tired and I felt the interview
  was at an end when I asked about the feelings slaves had of their life. &quot;I
  cannot answer that, I'm not a slave,&quot; he told me quite abruptly, &quot;To
  find the answer to that question, you will have to come and live as a slave,
  you'd have to experience life the same as they do.&quot; Shortly afterwards
  he'd fallen asleep but I lay awake pondering his words for a while until sleep
  overcame me as well.  
At 8:30 a maid bringing coffee and Alka-Seltzer awakened us. I needed it.
  We showered, again with maids to dry us and did the usual ablutions. Everything
  was so ornate. Gold plated taps, gold framed mirror, and even the hinges on
  the loo seat were gold plated.  
At breakfast I felt very out of place wearing my revealing dinner dress but
  that is all I had. Nobody commented and they all must have guessed where I
  had spent the night. It was a buffet affair and while we ate I asked, &quot;What
  did you mean when you said I would have to come and live as a slave to find
  out their feelings? Are you actually suggesting I should become one of your
  harem slaves?&quot;  
&quot;That's the only way you'll find out for sure. I wouldn't mind having
  you in my harem.&quot;  
&quot;So you could whip me!&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps. Why not come on temporary loan from your magazine? It'd have
  to be for a reasonable length of time, at least two months. I could concede
  some free time for you to observe life in the palace and write about it but
  otherwise you'd be completely a slave and have to submit yourself to me and
  to any others that require you. Discus it with Sapphire before you return to
  work. I've a meeting with the trade secretary shortly.&quot;  
Sapphire was very forthcoming about how my life would be if I accepted his
  invitation. My body would not be mine. It would be available to the king and
  any staff or visitors who requested my services. I would be punished with a
  strap, cane or whip for any real or imagined wrong doings. There would be no
  appeal against any punishment. &quot;How often is that likely to be?&quot; I
  asked.  
&quot;Harem girls get caned two or three times a year on average, the strap
  more often. The whip is rarely used for a flogging although it is used when
  the girls are exercising to hurry them along or work harder. Then it is only
  a stroke or two now and again. Some girls get punished more frequently than
  others. Over here you say some people are 'accident prone', in the harem some
  girls are punishment prone. Personality comes into it as well. Those that fight
  the system get more punishment and that particularly applies to girls that
  come from countries like this and America where women have a more liberal lifestyle.
  We don't have too many of them and those have been with us a long while.&quot;  
&quot;How do you recruit them?&quot;  
&quot;We don't as a rule. Most are born in Zamarabea and aspire to get into
  the harem but some are visitors that stay or get themselves into trouble and
  think harem life is better than prison.&quot;  
&quot;What would a typical day be like?&quot;  
&quot;Up early and then gym for half an hour, breakfast, make up, sex training
  for you as a new recruit, then relaxing unless required until the evening when
  most nights you will be summoned to someone's room where you would have to
  have sex in any way required. Oral, anal or normal.&quot; Sapphire spent some
  time expanding on the various techniques and the spankings or punishments I
  might receive if I didn't perform well enough. None of this really put me off.  
Sapphire and I spent the next hour drawing up the contract and I was given
  a couple of days to think it over and arrange it with the magazine.  
Midday and I walked into the office. By then I'd been home and changed into
  a dress suit. &quot;You're late today Carol,&quot; Yvonne remarked, &quot;We
  start at nine.&quot;  
&quot;I've been working all night or most of it at least. I got my interview
  and I learned some of the more salacious goings on in the royal palace.&quot;  
&quot;I guess there were some salacious goings on in the embassy last night,&quot; Olive
  called out and more questions and suggestive remarks from the others followed.  
In the end I said, &quot;You'll have to wait and read my piece in the magazine.
  I knew some of them were accessing my computer on the Intranet while I was
  writing but I said nothing on how I obtained the information.  
Chapter 2. My first encounter with the strap   
&quot;If this is a slave's life, give me more of it,&quot; I thought to myself
  as I reclined in the first class seat for the flight to Riyadh. Previously
  my flights had all been economy class with limited space. Sapphire must have
  read my thoughts for she leaned over and murmured, &quot;Make the most of it,
  the next part is on one of our own aircraft and you will start your life as
  a slave.&quot; On this flight the king had bought the whole of the first class
  cabin for our sole use and he expected and received exemplary service for all
  his retinue and that included me! On arrival at Riyadh, the king was greeted
  with hugs by some dignitary and they conversed in a language I couldn't understand
  but shortly after we were shown into the VIP lounge for the short wait while
  our aircraft was readied for take off.  
This one was much smaller but still luxuriously appointed. I settled back
  in a comfortable seat expecting once again to be waited on hand and foot and
  so I was until the 'fasten seats belts' sign went off. Sapphire nudged me to
  indicate the king was signalling for me to attend him. &quot;Pay attention
  slave,&quot; he reprimanded me. I apologised but he ignored it an went on, &quot;Kneel,
  get you head under my robe and your mouth working on my prick.&quot; To say
  that I was horrified would be a gross understatement but the words were loud
  enough for the whole cabin to hear. I hesitated and I'm sure my mouth was open
  as I looked around hoping for some help or sign from the others that I wouldn't
  have to go through with it. There was none, A few had bemused smiles on their
  faces presumably at the thought of an English girl being publicly humiliated.
  Then a more kindly voice from the wife of the trade minister said, &quot;Do
  it dear. It will only get worse if you don't.&quot;  
&quot;Correct,&quot; said King Joshua very curtly. He no longer seemed the
  friend I knew at the embassy. &quot;Your tardiness earlier and now your refusal
  to obey me immediately has already earned you your first acquaintance with
  the strap. Continue in this way, and you'll get to know the bite of the cane
  very early on in your slave term.&quot; With tears in my eyes I knelt and lifted
  his robe. His prick was half-hard and although I wasn't averse to sucking it,
  I didn't expect to do it in front of the other men and their wives. &quot;This
  perhaps is one of the advantages of being a slave,&quot; I thought, &quot;Everyone
  knows that I have to do it.&quot; As soon as I started sucking he flipped his
  robe back over my head and I was left to perform in semi-darkness.  
I'd only been sucking a minute or two when vaguely I heard one of the men
  ask, &quot;May I?&quot;  
The king replied, &quot;Of course Mustafa, indeed you may. It's time she
  got used to her station in life.&quot; Hands gripped my waist and hauled them
  up until I was kneeling with my bottom raised. Cool air wafted across my bottom
  when my skirt was lifted up and my knickers lowered and taken off. &quot;Look
  after these Sapphire,&quot; a voice I presumed was Mustafa said, &quot;She
  won't need them until she returns home.&quot;  
&quot;Oh what a lovely white arse,&quot; a women exclaimed, &quot;I bet it
  won't be quite as white tonight though.&quot; She laughed and others joined
  in. The embarrassment was almost more than I could take and had not the king
  kept his hands around the back of my robe-covered head, I might have pulled
  away. That act would probably have led to further punishment but I did stop
  sucking for a short while when I felt a prick entering my cunt from the rear.
  There was no foreplay, just a hard thrust in as far as he could go and then
  he humped away hard and fast. All the time he was encouraged by remarks from
  the audience, especially it seemed from the women. A jerk to the back of my
  head reminded me I was supposed to be sucking. I'd never had two men at one
  time before so it was a first for me. I debated who would come first guessed
  correctly it would be the man in my cunt. He withdrew and another took his
  place.  
&quot;You'd better make sure you have enough left in you to perform for me
  tonight otherwise I shall have to ask for that American slave Bruce to satisfy
  me,&quot; a woman's voice remarked loudly again to much laughter and comments
  from the others.  
Another nudge to the back of my head and I thought I'd better work harder
  on the king's prick but it was difficult while being pounded at the other end.
  Nevertheless I sucked harder and eventually took the royal sperm in my mouth.
  My head wasn't released though but I knew enough about men not to suck too
  hard immediately after a climax. The man in my cunt was working me up to a
  climax too and I felt a shudder go through my body as my orgasm overtook me.
  Normally I would have cried out, but with a prick in my mouth, that was impractical.  
&quot;Ding-dong, ding-dong,&quot; I heard the jingle for the seat belts sign
  and wondered if I would be released to sit down. I heard the stewardess politely
  ask the man fucking me to return to his seat. &quot;Give me half a minute,&quot; he
  answered. That was all it took for him to spurt and withdraw. The king released
  me too and I went back to my seat blushing furiously at the looks and remarks
  given to me by my fellow passengers. But I was no longer their equal. I was
  only a lowly slave.  
The king turned to me, &quot;You have a lot of training to do to be a half
  decent slave Carol. That was a pretty poor performance.&quot; Then to Sapphire
  he went on, &quot;Get Willy to give her a dozen good ones when she has settled
  in. I'll see her afterwards.&quot;  
&quot;I said her white bum would be a different colour later,&quot; the women
  who made the earlier remark commented to no one in particular.  
&quot;I wasn't even supposed to start my slavery until I set foot on Zamarabean
  soil. That's what the contract said,&quot; I wailed to Sapphire.  
&quot;I know,&quot; she said quietly, &quot;I guess his majesty took that
  figuratively. The aircraft is Zamarabean, you're standing on his property.&quot;  
&quot;I hope he doesn't take the rest of the contract figuratively.&quot; I
  sniffled quietly but I think he may have heard me.  
The king and his followers left the aircraft and were given the red carpet
  treatment. It was now well after midnight local time as they are four hours
  ahead of London. Sapphire bade me stay and waited with me until the arrival
  ceremony was over. &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; she said, &quot;I did try and warn
  you. Now you have no choice but to stay and take whatever comes. Willy, he's
  the chief eunuch of the harem, will not be soft on you because you're new.
  To him you will be just another arse he has to punish. At least you get free
  time. Most slaves never get any time off from being a slave. I guess you've
  never been spanked before?&quot;  
A car met us at the airport and drove us to the palace. I didn't get much
  of a look at the outside before Sapphire led me through several dimly lit courtyards
  and into the main building. It was very quiet. &quot;Take off your shoes,&quot; Sapphire
  whispered, &quot;Shoes are not worn in the palace.&quot; We both carried our
  shoes along carpeted passageways until we came to a dormitory lit by low level
  lights. I could see rows of mattresses on the floor. Quite a few were empty
  but others had naked girls sleeping under thin sheet covers. Mainly it was
  one girl to a mattress but a several lay cuddled together in a close sapphic
  embrace. We must have woken one girl for she cried out, &quot;Sapphire's back.&quot; Immediately
  others roused themselves and greeted her.  
&quot;Ssshh. Quiet girls,&quot; Sapphire hushed the girls, &quot;I may as
  well introduce Carol to you now. She's from London and is here as a harem slave
  for two months. She's a writer and will be allowed time each day when, within
  the confines of the palace, she is a free woman.&quot; There were some murmurs
  at this but nothing was said loud enough for me to hear. She took me to an
  empty bed and told me to take off my clothing and place it by the bed. &quot;It
  will be taken away for cleaning and returned to you when you leave,&quot; I
  was informed. All eyes were on me as I undressed. I knew they were evaluating
  my charms just as I was having a good look at theirs at every opportunity.
  Sapphire left and I noticed a huge black man wearing only a loincloth, enter
  and stand by the doorway. The room went silent but the girls remained sitting
  cross-legged on their beds completely unconcerned about this man seeing their
  nudity. The man never spoke. &quot;Is this the man who was to strap my arse,&quot; I
  wondered, &quot;I hope not. His muscles look huge.&quot;  
Sapphire returned some five minutes later wearing a blue silk wrap-around
  robe of a lace material through which I could easily distinguish the outline
  of her dark aureoles and nipples even in the dim light. Around her waist was
  a gold sash. &quot;Are you a slave too?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;Yes, but I am also his majesty's personal assistant too and the gold
  belt denotes my rank as head of the harem girls. I see Willy has joined us
  so we'd better introduce you.&quot; We walked to the doorway, &quot;Willy this
  is Carol. She will be here for two months only.&quot;  
Willy just nodded. I muttered, &quot;Pleased to meet you,&quot; and put out
  my hand but he didn't take it. &quot;Suzie,&quot; Sapphire called out and a
  girl came forward, &quot;Show Carol how to greet a person of higher rank when
  they are introduced and when they have to thank them for performing a service.&quot; Suzie
  knelt at Willy's feet and bowed her head to the floor three times and kissed
  the top of each foot. &quot;Once more please Suzie, I want to make sure Carol
  knows exactly what to do. As you know, failure to do it properly can be painful.
  This is all very new to her and I'm sure you can all remember your bewildering
  first days here.&quot; I seemed to do it satisfactorily when my turn came.
  So far Willy had not spoken. I found out shortly that not only was he castrated
  he was mute as well and communicated by signals and writing.  
&quot;Girls, Carol has to become further acquainted with Willy before she
  goes to bed. She failed to perform adequately for his majesty while on the
  plane and has been awarded a twelve-stroke strapping. I'm sorry to disturb
  your sleep but those of you who wish to watch may do so.&quot; She whispered
  to me, as I was about to plead, &quot;Don't even think about making a fuss
  or begging. Twelve will be bad enough for your first time but Willy could easily
  double it.&quot;  
Fortunately I heeded her advice but tears were streaming down my face and
  I sobbed quietly as we went into an adjoining small room where, in the centre
  of the floor was what I knew was a whipping bench although I'd never seen one
  before. Shaking and crying unashamedly. I was helped to lie along its length
  and I felt straps fastening me down. Through the tears I saw most of the girls
  had gathered round. None were smiling; most seemed to me to look sympathetic
  but helpless to do anything about it.  
The first stroke his my arse like a crack of thunder and my scream would
  have ensured half the palace as awake. The pain was nothing like I have imagined
  in my wildest dreams. The pause seemed interminable but I later learned it
  was only for a count of twenty. Another rifle report and I bucked for the small
  amount allowed by the restraints. My screams resounded off the walls. So it
  went on. By eight I felt I couldn't possibly take any more. My voice was hoarse,
  the pad under my head was soaked and I prayed I would pass out. Finally though
  it came to an end. Vaguely I remembered the straps being unfastened and a tissue
  being given to me. Willy stood in front of me as if waiting. &quot;Thank him
  like you been shown,&quot; a girl said. It took a few seconds before I recorded
  what she meant and when I started to kneel the floor seemed to quickly come
  up to meet me and I ended up in an untidy heap of legs and arms. Soft hands
  sorted them into the required kneeling position. I finally remembered the drill
  and touched my head to the floor three times and kissed each of Willy's feet.  
Sapphire took me to the shower and came in with me. &quot;Can't you give
  me something for the pain?&quot; I asked, &quot;Its too horrendous to move.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Carol. It was meant as a punishment and you have to endure it.
  The pool may ease it a bit later but for now, the pain is for a purpose. To
  make you do better next time.&quot;  
&quot;I want to go home!&quot; I cried knowing that was not possible. Sapphire
  ignored it. She dried me and dressed herself. &quot;We have to show the king.
  I hope he is awake otherwise it will mean waiting outside his door until morning.&quot; The
  pain of walking was excruciating but somehow I managed the long walk and the
  climbing of stairs.  
The royal apartments were sumptuous but I hardly saw them. Sapphire tapped
  at a door and a maid opened it. &quot;King Joshua wished to see slave Carol's
  punishment. Is he still awake?&quot; Thankfully he was and the maid let us
  in to the bedroom where he was engaged in fucking a young girl who I guessed
  was a slave. She was writhing and thrusting back at him hard and I guessed
  he must have thought my performance in the embassy rather poor by comparison.
  We waited until he'd finished and withdrew.  
&quot;Let's see if your spanking has improved your sucking Carol,&quot; the
  king stated as he held his deflating prick towards me. Sapphire gave me a little
  unobtrusive nudge. My mind abhorred the task but I now knew better than to
  refuse. I tried to appear enthusiastic but with every movement painful and
  tears flowing I'm sure that I didn't do too well. Fortunately he seemed to
  accept what I did without complaint. He made me turn round so he could feel
  my arse. &quot;I hope you learned something from that Carol. It could have
  been worse.&quot; With that we were dismissed.  
As I lay on my bed, my bottom in the air, sobbing with self-pity as much
  as with the pain, one of the girls came and lay alongside me. Her arm went
  around my shoulders and I felt her hip and leg touch mine. &quot;Hush Carol.
  It will only make you enemies if you keep everyone awake at night. We've all
  been through it and worse. I'm Jeanette but everyone calls me Ettie.&quot; Her
  soft Scottish accent caught my attention and I turned my head to her and straightaway
  she wiped my eyes with a tissue. &quot;Hush,&quot; She repeated, &quot;Calm
  down.&quot;  
&quot;How can I calm down when I'm in so much pain?&quot; I thought. Her
  eyes locked into my from only a few inches away and then suddenly she kissed
  me. It was totally unexpected. Previously and much earlier in my life, I'd
  played with a couple of girls but this kiss was different. Her lips pressed
  hard against mine, her tongue penetrated my mouth and she began a nibbling
  motion that I had only once experienced with an older boyfriend. I tried to
  pull away, but she held me and slowly I succumbed to the sensation. It seemed
  to take a little of the pain away or at least distracted my attention from
  it.  
Chapter 3. My first day in the harem   
Sleep was a long time coming although I lay as quiet as I could so as not
  to disturb Ettie snuggling beside me. My mind went over and over all the events
  of the day and I wondered how I would survive two months of this. Certainly
  I castigated myself severely for agreeing to the assignment but ultimately
  knew that now I'd made the decision, I would have to go with it and try and
  save my hide as much as possible.  
Just as it seemed I finally closed my eyes, Ettie woke me. &quot;Time to
  get up,&quot; she said quietly. I could see others climbing off their mattresses
  and heading for the toilet area. I gave a cry as my swollen buttock muscles
  were forced to move. &quot;Sorry,&quot; Ettie went on, &quot;You are not going
  to like the next half hour. Gym or P.E. as you probably called it at school.
  We have about ten minutes to use the loo and then get to the gym. Having had
  a thrashing is not considered an excuse for missing it.&quot; I hobbled painfully
  to the typical hole in the marble floor type toilet. An underground stream
  flushed system ensuring there was no smell even though the holes were quite
  close together and the girls had to squat almost shoulder to shoulder. I squatted
  with difficulty. &quot;They don't supply paper,&quot; Ettie told me, &quot;We
  have to use the bidets and the air dryers.&quot; That at least seemed more
  hygienic than the paper method and having warm air blowing through my sparse
  pubic hair was a very pleasant experience.  
Sapphire came and asked how I was and confirmed that I would have at least
  to be seen to put some effort into the exercises or I would be chastised again.
  Coach isn't really hard hearted although it may seem like it, but you must
  attempt what he asks. You'll probably be put on the computerised machines after
  the warm-up movements. Do remember that all the girls have been thrashed at
  least as badly as you, so they won't consider your plight anything special.
  They'll give you what support they can but don't expect a lot of sympathy.&quot;  
Most of the harem slaves must have been in the gym. There were more girls
  than in the bedroom last night and there were ten males. All of us were completely
  naked except two girls wore brief knickers which I found out was due to their
  period. Only Coach, a small very fit oriental guy, wore loose clothes. My eyes
  quickly went to the long whip he carried but he didn't seem to use it all that
  often. Any slave that didn't appear to be working hard enough felt the sting
  of its tip but it only caused a yelp from the recipient and left a light red
  mark. He knew how to control it because it could have been a lethal weapon.  
I soon found out how unfit I was even allowing for my painful movements.
  He seemed to delight in making me use all the muscles in my body and especially
  those in my arse. &quot;They hurt when you use them now, yes?&quot; I nodded, &quot;They
  not hurt so much later. Promise.&quot; I didn't really believe him. By now
  the sweat was running in rivulets down my body and I was panting worse than
  my old Labrador after lying out in the sun. &quot;You take two mouthfuls of
  water,&quot; he told me, &quot;And steady walk twice round room. Come back
  to me and we test you.&quot; He ordered. I tried to walk as slowly as I dared
  and yet seem to be actually walking. Walking did seem a little easier than
  it did when I first entered the gym. Coach wired me up to a treadmill and started
  it going through cycles of various speeds that had me puffing and gasping for
  breath. On the faster speeds my breasts, unused to being free during any exercise,
  seemed to fly in all directions and I wished for a more petite pair. I vaguely
  recalled an article in HiYa saying the abandoning your bra helps to tone their
  supporting muscles and make them firmer. I wondered if it would do the same
  for me. In the end I just couldn't keep up and fell. The machine stopped automatically.  
Coach picked me up and disconnected the wires. &quot;Sapphire, please to
  take Carol to showers. Bring back when dressed. I discuss work-out schedule
  when I see print-out.&quot;  
&quot;I thought I was going to die.&quot; I said to Sapphire as she helped
  me from the gym.  
&quot;By the time you leave, that will seem like a leisurely afternoon stroll,&quot; she
  laughed, &quot;He tested you to your limit for now. Perhaps it was a good thing
  to have a sore arse. Your limit will be lower than normal so when you're tested
  next there should be an improvement which will please him.&quot;  
We showered each other and Sapphire found me one of the revealing blue lacy
  wrap-around dresses I'd already seen. Mine though had a plain belt of the same
  colour as the dress with a plastic buckle. &quot;The belt and buckle signifies
  you are the lowest grade of harem slave. After lunch I will give you a sash
  to wear over your shoulder to indicate you are a free woman for that time you
  can then wander around or talk or start typing your article or make some sort
  of diary you can sort out later. If I can get away I'll give you a tour of
  the palace or at least those parts you are allowed in. There are restrictions
  as to where even a free woman may go, much like in an apartment block you're
  not expected to impinge on the privacy of others and of course you are not
  allowed outside the palace walls.&quot;  
Each bed mattress had a little cubby-hole alongside with three shelves. &quot;Arrange
  your personal items on the shelves and leave your case on the bed. It will
  be stored with your clothing. Your laptop can go on the lower shelf. Keep the
  shelves neat and tidy at all times in case we have a snap inspection. You can
  leave anything there without fear of it being stolen or interfered with. No
  one, slaves or staff will even think of moving anyone's personal shelf items.
  This is a code you must follow too.&quot; Looking more closely at the other
  beds, all had an assortment of little things, ornaments or photos that were
  very personal to the owners.  
&quot;I must leave you now Carol,&quot; Sapphire told me, &quot;Some of us
  have to work!&quot; She laughed. Shortly afterwards the girls came flooding
  in laughing after having finished gym and showered. We all went for breakfast,
  a light meal of croissants and fruit. All the slaves, male and female ate together
  in their own dining room. Like the others I had to sit crossed legged on a
  shallow leather cushion with my food on a table no more than a foot high. Sitting
  made my bottom sore again but everyone chatted in a friendly way that took
  my mind off it to some extent.  
I found out there are two classes of slaves; harem slaves who main purpose
  is sexual pleasure and work slaves who do all the cooking and cleaning. The
  latter wore a standard type Arab dress in pale blue and white stripes often
  with a protective apron.  
Afterwards Coach talked to me for half an hour about my fitness and then
  Ettie took me to the make-up area where my pubic hair was chemically removed.
  I had to lie on a surgical table in front of all the others with my legs spread
  while the beautician applied the chemical. She wore latex gloves and I found
  out why. The chemical stung terribly but I was assured I would never need to
  be treated again. After about fifteen minutes it was scrubbed off and all the
  hair came out too. Afterwards I had my head hair brushed and my nails manicured
  nicely and I was shown how to bring out my features using the minimum of make-up.
  I began to feel a little better.  
Sex education was nothing like this at my school. There were six of us in
  the class with four of the male slaves and the instruction was definitely a
  practical hands-on (or in my case a mouth-on), experience. The tutor was a
  silver belt slave named Maria and she'd obviously been informed of my poor
  showing when I sucked the king. For almost the whole hour I sucked and sucked
  two of the male slaves until my jaws ached and my throat was sore. One of the
  male slaves, Jim an Englishman, had an unusually large prick which by the end
  of the hour I almost was able to take into my throat. He told Maria that I
  did passably well for my first lesson. I quite liked him, as he seemed to try
  and help me and had a ready smile. At the end of the lesson, Maria handed me
  some lozenges to ease the fire in my throat. I still had nothing to ease the
  ache in my arse.  
I was about to go to the pool area to relax a little after lunch when Willy
  came in and walked straight to me. Involuntarily I began to shake thinking
  I had unwittingly committed another faux pas or that the king had ordered a
  repeat of my thrashing but he only handed me a slip of paper with &quot;Carol
  to Mrs. Marenka room W43&quot;. I looked uncomprehendingly at it. &quot;It's
  my first assignment as a sex slave,&quot; I guessed but I had no idea where
  room W43 was. &quot;Please,&quot; I asked wondering how he would answer, &quot;Where
  do I go?&quot; Willy started waving his arms trying to signal the direction
  when one of the girls I'd only seen in the gym came and looked at the paper
  and offered to take me.  
&quot;Thank him,&quot; she reminded me and after I'd done the head to floor
  and foot kissing ritual she led me away. &quot;It's a confusing place at first.
  I'm Marisa. The W stands for West so were going to the West wing. That's where
  many of the government people live. Us slaves are in the East Wing.&quot; Her
  dark skin and features indicated she was Arab possibly local. I made a mental
  note to ask her later but I was more concerned as to what Mrs. Marenka would
  demand of me so I asked Marisa while we walked. &quot;I've not been summoned
  to her but I know she likes white girls and I guess she'll want to have sex
  with you. We're here. 43 will be on the right. Good luck.&quot; With that she
  promptly disappeared back the way we'd come.  
Immediately the door opened I recognised the woman from the plane and the
  embassy. Juliet, the woman who'd remarked on how the colour of my arse would
  have changed after the thrashing. The name Mrs. Marenka hadn't registered. &quot;Do
  come in,&quot; she invited, &quot;I'm so glad you were free. I'm dying to see
  your bottom and to have a play with you. I presume you did get it warmed last
  night?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am.&quot; I replied trying to be subservient but then added, &quot;More
  than warm ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Oh goody. I do so like a nice tender arse to play with. Charles often
  hears when a slave is warmed and I ask for their services as soon as I know.
  Strip off Carol and get on the bed.&quot; She seemed so pleased I'd been thrashed
  that I took an instant dislike to her but I remembered Ettie's words from last
  night and knew I had to acquiesce otherwise I would be punished yet again.  
With one movement, which I thought was quite graceful I removed my dress
  and then knelt on to the western style bed. Immediately she started kneading
  my tender buttocks, making me cry out. &quot;Oh don't be such a baby,&quot; she
  chided, &quot;Your arse is no where near as bad as some and I can always ask
  for it to receive a further dose.&quot; I gritted my teeth but the pain turned
  to pleasure as she changed tactics and tongued my slit and clitoris. &quot;Are
  you into girl-girl sex?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;Not really ma'am. I've only done it a few times,&quot; I replied.  
&quot;Well you will just have to learn quickly,&quot; Mrs. Marenka told me
  curtly. &quot;Undress me.&quot; As soon as she was naked, she threw her arms
  around my back and hugged me so that our tits were tightly mashed together.
  Her lips met mine and we kissed hard and fiercely. It was erotic and I felt
  myself becoming wet but her kisses lacked the gentleness that Ettie's showed
  last night. I responded as best I could until ordered to lie, tits up, on the
  bed with my legs over the side. She pulled me until my arse was just overhanging
  and with my feet on the floor my thighs were more or less horizontal. Straddling
  my left thigh, she rubbed her warm cunt on it and, at the same time, she pressed
  her left thigh against my sex. Moving gently at first and then with increasing
  speed and pressure she masturbated herself and me at the same time. I climaxed
  well before she did, probably because of the earlier tonguing.  
We changed places and I was ordered to clean up her juices. &quot;Get used
  to it,&quot; I told myself, &quot;You'll have to do it frequently in the next
  few weeks. I licked and sucked her opening and then when ordered, her bottom
  hole. Fortunately she couldn't see the repugnant expression on my face. Her
  bottom hole seemed more open than the few I'd seen previously but I didn't
  take much notice at that time. It was clean so I had no problem in doing what
  she asked. This lasted a short while before another change of position.  
&quot;Lie face up on the bed Carol dear,&quot; she instructed, &quot;Hands
  behind your head.&quot; She straddled me and sat on my lower abdomen, her weight
  forcing my tender arse hard against the mattress. I winced but she ignored
  it. My tits were to be her play toys this time. &quot;I do like girls with
  big floppy tits,&quot; she grinned as she rolled them around and squeezed them
  hard. &quot;Most of the slave girls have firm ones which stand out, only the
  milkers are soft and big but they are not generally available to us.&quot; I
  wondered what she meant by 'milkers' but guessed correctly they were girls
  that were kept lactating. Her lips suckled my nipples, &quot;Uuumm! Pity you
  won't be here long enough or they might consider taking you off contraception
  and breeding you. I do hope the king orders a tit whipping though. I'd love
  to play with these after they are criss-crossed with marks from the lash, Unfortunately
  he is the only one allowed to order that particular punishment.&quot;  
The door opened and in walked her husband. &quot;You've met my husband Ezra
  although you've not been introduced face to face. He's the one who buggered
  your arse on the plane. I expect he's come for a second session. You don't
  mind, do you?&quot; As if I had any choice! Probably she was hoping for a refusal
  and then she could send me for punishment.  
&quot;No ma'am,&quot; I answered knowing his penetration would be even more
  painful this time.  
&quot;Undress him then girl and get him hard.&quot; His robe, like the king's;
  one fastening and all the layers came off together. Much easier than our multi-piece
  western apparel. Before he would allow me to suck him to full hardness he wanted
  to maul and suckle my breasts and then I had to kneel with my arse high so
  he could examine the bruises and prod my hole with his finger.  
&quot;Still nice and tight,&quot; Ezra remarked, &quot;I'm going to enjoy
  this. Suck me a little and coat my prick with spit. No gel this time, I want
  to feel the tightness.&quot; His prick was more like those of Arab stories.
  Long and quite slim. Perhaps it wouldn't be too bad. Perhaps it wouldn't have
  been had not his wife done all she could to make the experience painful. With
  both hands she took hold of my bum cheeks and brutally forced them apart to
  give her husband a clear sight of his target and when he just made an entry,
  she encouraged him to ram it in as hard and as far as possible. It was a very
  painful experience for me but they seemed to enjoy it. Fortunately it didn't
  last long and it was also time for them to go to lunch.  
While Juliet repaired her face make-up I was allowed to dress and return
  to my quarters. Before leaving they reminded me I had to thank them in the
  traditional way. Having made my obeisance, I departed having no idea of the
  lunch arrangements for slaves. However, somewhere along the way I became completely
  lost and was heading for an area forbidden to slaves. &quot;Not that way,&quot; a
  male voice with a definite British accent called. I turned to find Jim the
  slave I'd sucked earlier coming out of a room. &quot;You're new so I guess
  you don't know where you are. You heading for lunch?&quot;  
I answered, &quot;Yes, I am lost and I have no idea where I am or even what
  the arrangements are for us to have lunch or even if we get any.&quot;  
&quot;Same as breakfast. We all eat in the same room and it's light snacks
  with fruit and salad stuff. Healthy but boring. I'm looking forward to getting
  a nice stodgy treacle pudding with lashings of custard in a couple of months.&quot; In
  the course of the conversation I found out the Zamarabean authorities had found
  a quantity of alcohol in his luggage and sentenced him to five years in prison.
  They decided there was too much for one person and he was going to sell it
  and contravene the strict no alcohol laws. Although the Zamarabean religion
  is predominantly Christian, they have adopted some Moslem codes and no alcohol
  was one of them. It stopped a lot of drunkenness amongst the lower classes.
  I wondered how faithfully the king kept to it as we'd had wine and champagne
  at the embassy. As Jim was part of a skilled team of oil researchers he was
  able to contact the trade minister who got the sentence reduced by royal pardon
  to one year as a harem slave. &quot;Have served ten months of my term here.
  I think it was more the size of my cock than my worth to Zamarabea that got
  me the pardon.&quot;  
&quot;After this morning, I know what you mean,&quot; I laughed, &quot;My
  throat's still sore. Maybe I can interview you sometime Jim?&quot; I went on, &quot;I'm
  a journalist and I'm allowed to be a free woman at certain times of the day
  so I could talk to you if you're not working.&quot;  
&quot;How did you wangle that concession?&quot; I explained my position. &quot;Yet
  it didn't stop Willy walloping you!&quot; He laughed and said it without malice.
  We sat and talked though-out lunch. I began to fancy him.  
Sapphire warned me afterwards not to get involved with the male slaves while
  in the palace. Sex between male and female slaves was strictly forbidden, as
  were gay relationships between the men. Their sperm stocks were only for staff
  and guests of the king. &quot;I'm due back in the office now,&quot; she told
  me when she gave me the gold sash. Get Ettie to give you a tour and then bring
  your laptop to my office. There's a spare corner with a desk that you can use.
  I'm sure you'll find it very difficult to sit cross-legged and type on a low
  table.&quot;  
&quot;Can I use my camera?&quot;  
&quot;Yes but not on the staff or guests without their permission.&quot; I
  photographed Ettie and she did me and took a close-up of my bruised arse.  
Chapter 4. Sex education   
The rooms and surroundings of the palace are absolutely magnificent. I figured
  that using slave labour kept the costs down but they must have used many skilled
  craftsmen as well. The slave's pool was grander than pools in the most expensive
  hotels and as Ettie led me through it I felt quite regal with my gold sash
  while all the slaves were lying naked. If any were jealous, they didn't show
  it. Jim was there but I kept my distance.  
Ettie was a good and cheerful guide and I began to have some idea of the
  palace layout before she took me to Sapphire's office. She did genuinely seem
  busy and several times hurried away to the king on command. I started typing
  these notes as a sort of diary to refer to when I came to write the articles.  
The routine for the next few days was similar. Gym soon after rising. Coach
  said I was improving but all the muscles in my body seem to tell me otherwise.
  Three times I felt the tip of his whip when he thought I wasn't working hard
  enough, twice on my still sore bottom and once on the top of my left tit. That
  made me cry out. It was never used with any great force but it still stung
  and left a red mark that was sore for an hour or two.  
Sex education on the third day disgusted me at first. Drinking piss. Yuck!
  Maria explained that piss was pretty sterile and I would quickly find out that
  making a slave drink it straight from the source was common place here. &quot;You
  will routinely be asked to lie under the table in the king's dining room where
  the table is western style in height and service the diners both by fellating
  them and drinking their piss while they eat.&quot; I must have looked horrified
  because she singled me out. &quot;Watch Carol and don't think of refusing.
  Your tits could well be treated like your arse,&quot; Maria threatened. She
  took a glass and held it under her crotch. I and another girl and a male slave
  were given ringside seats to watch as the yellow liquid filled the glass. &quot;Remember
  what I said,&quot; she warned, &quot;Willy won't mind chastising you further.&quot; She
  offered the half litre glass full of piss to me. &quot;Drink one third of it
  and pass it to Ester.&quot; It took a few seconds for me to steel myself to
  drink the obnoxious warm liquid and when I did I took it down like medicine
  without looking, without stopping. The others were pleased. I had downed half
  the glass. Ester and the male slave finished it off. They had done this before.
  My mind said I should be sick but in actual fact the taste I didn't find it
  too unpleasant.  
&quot;Normally of course, you won't be given a glass,&quot; Maria went on, &quot;You
  drink straight from the body and you must learn to swallow it as fast as it
  comes. Some men and women are considerate and try and regulate the flow but
  most will just use your mouth like they use a toilet. You must not let any
  spill.&quot; Nodding to three male slaves sitting nearby, they came forward
  and each of us took a prick in our mouth. &quot;Try and relax your throat muscles
  like you were shown in the prick sucking session and allow the piss to go straight
  down. This is something you should practice with plain water in your own time
  or with each other. For this time you can grip the base of the man's prick
  and regulate the flow to a speed you can swallow.&quot; I knew what she meant.
  In my early sex experimental years I'd held boy's pricks while they peed and
  remembered how I could stop the flow with my fingers.  
Before I was really prepared for it, I felt the stream start and I tried
  to swallow but started coughing. Even though I gripped the prick hard, some
  escaped and drenched my face. Luckily the slave saw the situation and stopped
  peeing until I was ready again. This time I managed to get most of it down. &quot;Not
  very good Carol. Report to me this afternoon at three.&quot; She gave us some
  more hints on the technique to use and we practised with water. By now my bladder
  was feeling uncomfortably full and I was longing to head for the toilet. I
  could see Ester holding her legs tightly together. Maria noticed too. &quot;Antonio,
  lie on the floor, face up,&quot; she ordered. &quot;Ester place yourself over
  his mouth and give him a few seconds to get ready and then pee. He has done
  this before but try not to be too forceful this time.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know if I can hold back,&quot; Ester murmured, &quot;I'm desperate
  to go.&quot; She knew she had to try and help her fellow slave and he took
  all but the first few spurts without any problem. It was then Ester's turn
  to lie down and take my offering. Like Antonio, she took it well. Only a few
  drops escaped her lips. She licked my cunt nicely afterwards, which Maria said
  we should always do.  
&quot;Kneel Carol. Hands behind your back and keep them there.&quot; I'd
  guessed I would have to take Antonio's but I was surprised by the order not
  to use my hands. &quot;He has started to get an erection and you should be
  able to take it into your throat now and be able to control the flow with your
  lips. No teeth. Any teeth marks will earn you a tit spanking. Try to pee steadily
  Antonio but don't stop the flow.&quot; She gave us more instructions as he
  inserted his prick and then told him to start. This time some of the pee did
  go straight down but at one point my mouth filled and I had to gulp. Fortunately
  I remembered the lip pressure and slowed the flow down a little so only a small
  amount trickled out. By then it was the end of the lesson but Maria reminded
  me to report to her at three.  
&quot;Ma'am, I'm not a slave at three. My contract allows me to be a free
  woman in the afternoons,&quot; I pointed out.  
&quot;Very well, report at six and I'll have double the number of pricks
  for you.&quot; When I said, I would come at three she said, &quot;No, I mustn't
  disturb your freedom. Come at six and have a nice long pre-dinner drink.&quot; Four
  slaves and a member of staff were there at six. They sat on chairs in a half
  circle. &quot;You will perform on the minister first Carol as he has to get
  back. Let's pretend he is at a meeting and requires your toilet service. He
  beckons you over.&quot; The minister did this. &quot;You kneel and put your
  head under his robe and with your mouth only, find his prick and take it in.
  It will be quite dark under there so you will have to feel the way. As soon
  as he is ready he will start peeing and that might be immediately so be ready.
  Open your throat and take it down. When he's finished lick around his prick
  and if he touches you with his foot, you leave after thanking him in the usual
  way. I goes without saying that if you make a mess on the ministers body or
  his clothing, it will be severely dealt with. If however you feel a little
  pressure on the back of your head, you stay there and keep sucking. It will
  be up to your instinct to know whether he wants a full blow job or just wants
  to feel your warm lips around his prick.&quot;  
I did as she said and indeed I had hardly got my lips around his weapon when
  the piss poured forth. Fortunately I contained it enough to swallow and then
  was able to take the rest. He made no attempt to control the flow himself but
  I was able to do so to a limited extent. The flow ceased and I felt pressure
  on the back of my neck. His prick was hardening so I decided I would suck him
  off and used some of the techniques I'd been taught on the previous two days.
  Soon my mouth was filled with his sperm. I gently cleaned his prick and then
  felt his toe in my belly. I scooted backwards and made my thank you's.  
&quot;Quite passable, Maria. With more practice she should do very well,&quot; the
  minister stated and ignoring me gave her some pointers where my technique could
  be improved. It was getting near dinnertime but I still had to perform on the
  slaves as though they were guests wearing robes. One of them decided there
  was time for me to suck him off and I did so. Before going to dinner I cleaned
  my teeth and washed my mouth out very thoroughly, I can assure you.  
On two of the three nights I was summoned to a room for straightforward suck
  and fuck sex which I started to enjoy. I could tell myself I wasn't really
  a whore because I was forced to do it. Three times I had to resort to being
  a pee toilet but I was beginning to master the technique and not get to taste
  much of it.  
Next day the subject was anal sex. I was no stranger to that but I hadn't
  done it that way too often. &quot;Antonio, are you not in the class today?&quot; I
  asked while we waited for Maria. He sat near a sidewall with the other male
  slaves that I expected would perform on us. I was glad Jim wasn't with them.
  Like all the male slaves they were well endowed but not as large as Jim. None
  were long and thin like Ezra. I could foresee my having problems today as well.  
&quot;No. I've been used in the bum since I was a young boy. I'm only here
  for her to demonstrate on,&quot; Antonio replied.  
Ester warned me, &quot;Don't make a fuss, the pain of the punishment will
  be far more than you'll get here.&quot; She paused and then went on, &quot;I
  complained more than I should have done when I had this lesson the first time.
  Maria ordered me to be taken to the outside workers latrines. There I was bent
  over a pole so my hole was exposed at the right height ready and available
  for any work slave to use. Word soon got around and I had to take one after
  the other for two hours. Worse, she had a strap put alongside me so any that
  were dissatisfied with my performance could chastise me. I lost count of how
  many times my arse was raped and the number of strap strokes I received but
  I had to be carried back to the clinic afterwards. So however bad is seems
  in here, it will get worse if you don't co-operate. You'll be glad to know
  most guests have smaller pricks than these guys.&quot;  
Maria came in at that point and lectured me on how to relax my sphincter
  muscles and how to use them to squeeze on to a small size prick. &quot;That
  probably won't be necessary for your short stay,&quot; she said, &quot;But
  when the muscles become loose it does help the man's enjoyment. That of course
  is your main concern. I shall be using a lubricant on your hole today but most
  of your clients will not bother. They expect a slave to take it dry or with
  only a little spittle. Whether or not it hurts, you will of course do your
  utmost to give the man his pleasure. That means you thrust your arse back to
  meet his prick.&quot; She lubed me up and then I had to watch as Antonio performed
  on Ester. I marvelled at how easily she took his weapon in her and at the way
  she pushed back hard each time he pushed in. After only a minute or two, he
  was ordered to withdraw and I could see disappointment on Ester's face.  
&quot;Your turn Carol. Get into position and remember to relax and open your
  hole like you would when having a shit.&quot; I knelt on all fours and displayed
  my arse. It was still highly coloured and tender from the strapping but nevertheless
  Ester pulled the cheeks apart so Antonio had easy access to his target. I knew
  it was going to hurt because I'd never had a prick as large as his in my bum
  hole before. At the first touch I tensed but on command I relaxed a bit and
  Antonio was able to get the head in. I gritted my teeth against the pain as
  he slowly forced it further and further into my rectum until I felt his balls
  touch my cunt and his stomach hit my arse. Like us, the male slaves had all
  their pubic hair removed so their pricks seemed longer than they really were.
  Even so none was less than seven inches and Jim's I guessed was over eight.  
The pain lessened once he was fully home but the he started his thrusts. &quot;Get
  into a rhythm with him Carol,&quot; Maria shouted, &quot;Help her Ester.&quot; Ester
  took hold of my hips and pushed me on to him each time. It hurt but I felt
  I could just about bear it. It wasn't long though before he shot his seed into
  me and withdrew. &quot;Treat him as you would one of the staff, Carol.&quot; I
  knew what that meant; I'd done it before. His prick had to be sucked clean
  and I had to salaam my thank-you's. Fortunately I'd had Ettie give me a little
  enema earlier so his prick was fairly clean.  
&quot;Next one,&quot; Maria called another slave over. &quot;No help this
  time Ester, she is to perform on her own and I'll let Michael spank her if
  she doesn't put enough effort into it. Go to it Michael. You are one of the
  masters and you just require a quick fuck to relieve yourself. No foreplay,
  Straight in and bang bang, to get your pleasure.&quot; Michael did just that,
  He was a little smaller than Antonio and with my passage full of sperm he went
  in reasonably easily. I did my best to anticipate his thrusts and in the end
  we did seem to co-ordinate ourselves quite well. Apart from some residual soreness,
  I almost enjoyed it.  
&quot;Next,&quot; Maria indicated a tall slave, &quot;Give her twenty hard
  smacks before you start.&quot; I almost protested but just in time I felt Ester
  squeeze my hand. &quot;This is quite a common preliminary to an arse fuck,
  Carol. More often it is a strap or flogger that is used. I believe you've already
  had to service people because they knew you'd had a strapping.&quot; I nodded. &quot;Pete's
  spanking will not be anywhere near as bad but on top of your strapping it should
  make you squeal. Don't be afraid to cry out. The staff like to know they're
  hurting you but don't start swearing or abusing them otherwise it could mean
  a visitation from Willy. Lay it on Pete.&quot;  
He did. By the time I had taken about sixteen I thought I couldn't take any
  more on top of the strapping. &quot;Please no more. I can't stand it,&quot; I
  begged.  
&quot;Make it thirty now Pete. We don't wish to hear your problems Carol.
  Ester hold her so Pete can lay it on her properly. Pete, hard as you can. I
  don't care if your hand is getting sore. Hit as hard as you can and then ram
  your prick in a fuck her good.&quot; Maria gave her orders like a sergeant
  major. I felt Ester put her arms around my kneeling form and grip my tits and
  then Pete renewed his efforts to turn my arse into a fiery furnace. Finally
  it was over and I felt him enter me. Ester reminded to push into him which
  I did, knowing I could get another spanking if I didn't. I was a sobbing wreck
  by the time he finished.  
&quot;Last one,&quot; Maria called. Ester got me into position again after
  I had collapsed on the floor but I remember very little about the actual fuck.
  I know I tried to co-ordinate with whoever it was until the ordeal was over.
  Pete and Ester helped me to the shower and cleaned my up so I was a little
  presentable by the time we went to lunch. Pete apologised but Ester just said
  he'd had to do it and if he hadn't my punishment could have been worse and
  so would his. I knew this was true.  
Chapter 5. Sex slave to friends   
Part of the afternoons I spent in Sapphire's office working on these notes
  and several times I saw the king but he totally ignored me and I knew better
  than to approach him, even if I technically wasn't a slave at that moment.
  At first I looked up every time someone entered the room but after a while
  I became engrossed in my writing and oblivious to the comings and goings. &quot;Good
  afternoon Carol,&quot; a familiar voice greeted me. Brenda and Ken Wilson stood
  before my desk; the friends that got me the initial interview with King Joshua.
  I looked up wide-eyed. I knew they were coming out here to do some work but
  never expected to see them.  
&quot;Good afternoon ma'am, sir,&quot; I replied.  
&quot;Very formal,&quot; Brenda laughed, &quot;I heard you had a little spanking
  the other night and again yesterday morning.&quot;  
&quot;Is that gold sash temporary or permanent?&quot; enquired Ken.  
&quot;For another one and a half hours at least I'm a free woman or as free
  as I can be in this place. After that it is up to Sapphire how long it is before
  she takes it away. Usually I can wear it until dinner.&quot;  
&quot;Are you trying to book my friend for the night Ken Wilson?&quot; Brenda
  remarked in mock reproof, &quot;Because if you are I'm asking for one of the
  men.&quot;  
&quot;Well I certainly wouldn't be allowed to get into her knickers when
  we're back home. Here she won't even be wearing any and she cannot refuse.
  Yes, I am certainly going to book her.&quot;  
&quot;Then I will try out a cock slave,&quot; Brenda retorted but their was
  laughter in her voice.  
&quot;If you wish for a well endowed one ma'am, ask for Jim,&quot; I suggested.
  Sapphire came back and I returned to my work wondering if jealousy would arise
  later if Ken did fuck me in front of Brenda and what our relationship would
  be like after I returned home.  
Each day, a little before my time as a free woman was officially over, I
  went to the pool area and undressed and played in the water. Ettie remarked
  on my first visit, &quot;You don't need water wings, Carol, you've got them
  built in,&quot; referring of course to my breasts. We played like children,
  somehow it released the tension and restrictions of slavery for a short while.
  Before dinner Sapphire came and took my sash away. I was a lowly slave again.  
After dinner while we drank iced apple tea, Willy came to me again and handed
  me the paper I half expected. 'Carol to Mr. Wilson, room N 24'. He also went
  to Jim. Jim read it and stood ready to leave. &quot;Wait for me Jim,&quot; I
  called and seeing his puzzled expression, I went on, &quot;You're going to
  N 24 aren't you?&quot; I told him the story on the way. &quot;Sorry for dropping
  you in it Jim, but I thought that if she had someone bigger than normal, she
  might not be so resentful of Ken having me. Indirectly they were the ones who
  got me into this.  
&quot;Don't worry about it Carol. This is a very common situation. Hubby
  sees a nubile young girl and compares her to his frumpy wife and decides to
  swap for the evening. Wifey retaliates by getting a young boy. If the boy pleases
  her, then generally all is well. It is not quite so important that the girl
  pleases the man although of course she always has to try and do so.&quot;  
&quot;Brenda isn't exactly frumpy and she's my age but not as top heavy,&quot; I
  giggled a little.  
Ken let us in but, as usual, it was Brenda that started the conversation. &quot;Carol,
  we almost had second thoughts about booking you seeing that we would like to
  continue to be friends when we're all back in England but as Ken remarked in
  the office, he will probably never get the chance again. I guess I wanted to
  see you being fucked as well. We've done this before with other slaves so he
  and I having different partners is no problem. It's just that we've known each
  other for so long. What we've decided is that we'll try and treat you as any
  other slave. Sex for sex sake and no personal involvement. How that works out
  remains to be seen.&quot;  
&quot;I'm here to await your instructions ma'am.&quot; I hoped that simple
  statement would indicate I agreed with them and was ready and willing to put
  aside our friendship for the time being.  
&quot;Good,&quot; Ken chortled and turned to his wife, &quot;Now if you've
  finished making speeches dear we can get on. Slave Carol, please remove your
  dress and let us feast our eyes on your lovely body.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps sir, you might care to put some music on although with only
  one item of clothing I cannot perform the dance of the seven veils.&quot; Brenda
  laughed and put a disc in the machine. I had no idea what it was but my undressing
  took about two minutes of uncovering a breast and then the other, continually
  hiding one part and revealing another. Gradually though I showed more and more
  of my body until with a flourish I tossed my dress on to a chair and stood
  before them completely naked. They clapped and asked to see my arse. Brenda
  seemed concerned over the severity of my punishment and touched me very gently.
  It looks as if you've had it in the bottom too,&quot; she stated, &quot;It's
  very red around your ring. That's to be expected I suppose,&quot; she went
  on, &quot; Zamarabean's are known for liking arse fucks.&quot; I told her about
  my training. &quot;They've taken your pubic hair too. Is it permanent like
  the other slaves?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, it is supposed to be. Are you thinking about having yours done?
  Or Ken's? It's nice when men tongue you without all the hair in the way and
  they seem to like it better.&quot; I knew I was making conversation to delay
  the inevitable.  
&quot;I've thought about it but never got round to it. I guess they would
  do it for visitors if we asked.&quot;  
&quot;I'll ask Sapphire if you like.&quot; Brenda nodded. &quot;As long as
  you book me to hold your hand,&quot; I added.  
&quot;Ken would have to have his done too. That's also permanent isn't it
  Jim?&quot; Brenda asked.  
&quot;Yes ma'am, it is. I had mine done on my first day here and it's been
  ten months and no sign of any growth,&quot;  
Ken slipped his trousers and shirt off and sat me on his lap. I flinched
  as I sat rather hard on his bony thigh but be whispered, &quot;Sorry,&quot; in
  my ear.  
&quot;Your turn young man,&quot; Brenda turned to Jim who had waited quietly
  in a corner, &quot;No need for any theatricals, just let me see clearly the
  weapon that protrudes the front of your dress.&quot; My dance routine must
  have excited him because he was already fully hard. It was a big as any I'd
  seen and bigger than any I'd had inside me. Brenda felt the smoothness where
  his pubic hair should have been and gasped at the size of his meat. I knew
  she was wondering if she hadn't bitten off more than she could chew.  
Jim came to her rescue, he'd seen the reaction before. &quot;Please don't
  be concerned over the size ma'am. I can be gentle with it if you wish.&quot;  
&quot;And if I don't wish?&quot;  
&quot;I can do it hard and rough ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Get him to do it hard dear. You've often fancied being raped by a big
  black prick. Now you've got the chance to experience it albeit with a sizeable
  white prick.&quot;  
&quot;If he does it to me like that, you've got to do her the same way,&quot; she
  replied, &quot;No worrying that she's got a sore bum. She is only a lowly slave
  and we are superior guests.&quot; Brenda tried to sound smug but she was laughing
  as she said it.  
Ken's weapon was hard too and pressing against my backside. &quot;Okay, whose
  first? I think we ought to watch each other rather than bashing away at the
  same time. It will prolong our enjoyment.&quot; Ken won the card cut and decided
  Jim would perform first and that she would take it lying on her back, arse
  raised on a couple of pillows and her legs pulled back to her ears. This would
  give us a good view and Jim could penetrate fully.  
He entered slowly. &quot;Push it right in Jim. This is a rape simulation.
  Ram it in hard and deep.&quot; Ken exhorted. Jim did that and immediately Brenda
  cried out and let go of her legs. &quot;Slave Carol, hold one foot while I
  hold the other,&quot; Ken ordered. From my position I had a very good view
  and could see Jim stretching her vagina as he pumped hard and fast in accordance
  with Ken's repeated instructions. Brenda kept groaning and giving little cries
  and by the end I think she was enjoying it. Jim had obviously been taught to
  hold back until the woman had climaxed and this he managed to do with Brenda
  and continued until she'd had a second one.  
&quot;Ooohh! That feels so tender now but what climaxes! I think I'll be
  sore for a week.&quot; Brenda gently rubbed her mound. &quot;I think I need
  a gentle female tongue to clean and soothe me.&quot; I knew who she intended
  to do the cleaning but Ken interrupted, &quot;Jim's prick needs cleaning first
  otherwise it's going to drip everywhere. Do you wish to do it or should we
  get our pet slave to do the job?&quot;  
&quot;Oh Carol I think. I just want to lie back and wait for her tongue on
  me. She hasn't done it for many years and then I wasn't full of sperm.&quot; I
  blushed at her telling Ken we had a brief lezzie relationship in the past but
  this was forgotten as I took Jim's softening but still quite turgid prick in
  my mouth. My mind thought back that a week ago I would not have dreamed of
  sucking anything other than a clean prick, now I was cleaning a man after he'd
  climaxed inside another woman, and not for the first time either.  
Brenda opened herself wide for me and insisted I clean her out as far as
  my tongue would go. She giggled and teased me the whole time.  
&quot;Your turn Ken.&quot; Brenda moved to one side of the bed and I took
  up her position and without hesitation held my own ankles. I was a slut as
  well as a slave. Pulling back on my legs stretched my buttock muscles, which
  caused me to give a little cry, but once I got used to it, the pain receded.
  Ken offered to do it in the normal missionary position but I said, &quot;No,
  it won't be fair if we did that.&quot;  
Ken tried to imitate Jim by plunging straight in and humping me hard and
  fast but he came before I was even warmed up. I cleaned him and he thoughtfully
  sucked me to a climax afterwards. Even so I felt a little let down. Brenda
  must have picked up on it too because later she suggested Jim ought to fuck
  me hard so I would have a cunt as sore as hers.  
All four of us were lying side by side on the bed, Ken was fondling my tits
  and Jim was gently sucking Brenda's. Her hand slowly fingered his prick until
  it became hard again. &quot;Pity I'm too sore to take this again,&quot; she
  said, &quot;Perhaps you should give Carol a real hard fuck, not a few gentle
  thrusts like Ken did.&quot;  
&quot;Sapphire said slaves are not allowed to do it to each other,&quot; I
  pointed out but Ken said that only applied to secret illicit sex and not when
  ordered to by guests. Jim confirmed this was correct. I was ambivalent over
  this. On the one hand I quite fancied Jim and the other I didn't want to be
  sore for days and still have to service anyone who requested me. Had Jim been
  allowed to give me a nice pleasant fuck, I would have jumped at the chance
  but I knew Brenda wanted to get her own back and make me as sore too. At least
  I still had a quantity of Ken's sperm inside me to lubricate my passage and
  with all the sexual stimulation of the past week, I was probably a lot more
  open than she was. It didn't matter anyway. I had no choice. Perhaps that is
  one of the advantages of being a slave; the decisions are not yours to make
  but neither can you say no, without painful penalties.  
Once more I took up my feet to ears pose and Jim placed his prick at my entrance.
  He must have had some sympathy for me because he rubbed the head along my slit
  a few times to pick up some lubrication and then only entered part way for
  the first few thrusts. By then my juices and the residual sperm made my vagina
  nice and slick. &quot;Do it hard man,&quot; Brenda urged and Jim responded.
  I was also pretty worked up and lowered my feet on to his shoulders and pushed
  to meet him at each stroke. Jim allowed me to climax twice before releasing
  his load. Even so he was inside me for a shorter time than Brenda and, although
  my cunt was tender, it wasn't downright sore as hers seemed to be.  
Sometime after midnight we salaam thanked them and left. I thanked Jim too
  on the way back and said I wished we could do it again without the pressure. &quot;I
  wish we could too, Carol but for now it will be better if we are not seen together.
  They can make it difficult and painful for those slaves who seem attracted
  to each other. Better to complain quietly that I hurt you and express a wish
  not to be partnered with me again. Can I see you after we get back to the UK?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I'd like that. Contact me through HiYa magazine, that will be
  easier than giving you an address to remember.&quot;  
Next day I asked Sapphire about getting my friends depilated. &quot; That's
  no problem, a lot of our guests have it done. There will be a fee but we can
  put that on Ken's expenses. And yes, you can give them moral support while
  it is being done. I'll book it for an evening when Ken should have finished
  for the day and book you out to him for the same time.&quot;  
After dinner Willy gave me a slip of paper; 'Carol to Mr. Wilson, room N
  24'. I reported to them and we went to the beauty parlour together. Nicole,
  the French beautician, asked, &quot;Whose first?&quot; There was only the one
  table.  
Ken replied gallantly, &quot;Ladies first.&quot;  
&quot;Age before beauty,&quot; countered Brenda. I could tell neither wanted
  to be the first one.  
&quot;I'd toss for you but I don't have any money,&quot; I laughed. Brenda
  ferreted in the handbag and gave me an English 2p coin. She won the toss and
  made Ken get undressed and on the table first. Nicole strapped his arms to
  the table and spread and fixed his legs in the stirrups. He was already half-hard. &quot;Put
  a latex glove on and make him fully hard Carol and hold it away from his body,&quot; Nicole
  ordered. &quot;If it gets on the end, he'll scream blue murder.&quot; An assistant
  would normally have held the prick out of harms way. I watched while she plastered
  the chemical into the hair and all the way down to his arse hole. From my experience
  I knew nothing would happen for a couple of minutes and then it would begin
  to sting and this would last for ten minutes until it was all washed away.  
Soon Ken started to writhe and moan about the pain. I was still holding the
  end away from his body. &quot;Kenneth Wilson,&quot; I reprimanded, &quot;Don't
  be such a baby. It only stings a little and it won't be for long.&quot;  
&quot;Slave Carol, you must not speak to our visitors in that manner. I must
  report you to Willy.&quot; Nicole was angry that I did not behave myself as
  a subservient slave.  
&quot;Please no, Nicole no please not the strap. I haven't recovered from
  last time and the spankings since. I'm very sorry, I forgot my station.&quot;  
&quot;Willy will help you remember.&quot; Nicole's voice was icy.  
&quot;That won't be necessary,&quot; Brenda cut in, &quot;We'd rather punish
  her ourselves. Ken will love spanking her bottom and it will give us more pleasure
  and be more personal than having Willy do it.&quot;  
While she was arguing with Nicole my attention was distracted enough to let
  go of Ken prick and it just touched the chemical. I immediately snatched it
  back and wiped it, glad that Nicole had been facing Brenda. Ken noticed it
  though. A few minutes later the sensitive flesh began to burn and I could tell
  he was in real pain but didn't know what else I could do about it without incurring
  another severe hiding. Ken, bless him, must have realised this too, &quot;Nicole,
  where you splashed my prick head with that stuff it burns like hell. Can you
  wash it off please?&quot;  
Nicole's face changed and became apologetic. &quot;I'm sorry sir, I was most
  careful and didn't think I got any near your tender parts. I'll wash it and
  put some cream on straightaway.&quot; She glared at me and I think she suspected
  it was my fault but dare not contradict the visitor. The pain quickly eased
  and soon after she washed all the hair away. Brenda cooed that it looked so
  nice like that. Ken just commented that it was just as well as he'd never be
  able to grow it back again. Nicole rubbed more of the cream on the depilated
  areas to take away any soreness. I noted she hadn't done this with me but I
  didn't push my luck by telling her so.  
While waiting and watching Brenda squealing with the burning sensation on
  her cunt lips while she was being done, Ken whispered, &quot;You owe me!&quot; I
  lowered my head in acknowledgement.  
As we left Ken thanked Nicole and then said, &quot;If you say nothing about
  Carol's little indiscretion we won't say anything about yours.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you sir,&quot; Nicole murmured although I was now even more certain
  she knew it wasn't really her fault.  
Ken did spank me when we returned to his room but not too hard. &quot;Promise
  to come and see us when you return and I'll hold the proper spanking until
  then and your arse is not so sore. Then I can redden it properly.&quot; I promised
  and knew he and Brenda would hold me to it.  
Chapter 6. Bound   
At breakfast early in the second week, Sapphire called for our attention. &quot;Slaves,&quot; she
  started as if to draw attention to our status, &quot;The Japanese delegation
  has arrived from Tokyo for their annual visit and to negotiate an extension
  of our trade agreement. Only four of them this time and one is the young lady
  who some of you will remember particularly well. As those of you who have been
  here for some time know, their trade with us is very important for the economy
  of this country.&quot; I heard a few quiet groans and some of the slaves went
  pale. &quot;Because of their importance, King Joshua places all his slaves
  at their disposal and allows them to use us in the ways that race seem to favour.
  You are not to accept any bookings for your time tonight until they have made
  their selection of girls and men. Willy has been informed and in fact will
  keep surveillance over Conference Room 2 while you are in there. The king is
  not allowing them quite such a free reign this time. He doesn't wish to have
  a slave marked as badly as Sophia was and in fact Sophia you are exempt from
  tonight's proceedings.&quot; Her tone dropped from the formal to a more motherly
  one, &quot;Sorry ladies, I know how much you dislike these visits but neither
  you nor I can opt out. They will not accept any refusal no matter how painful
  and any of you that do not do as they wish first time will suffer even more
  pain until you do. Sorry. I'm in the same situation. Willy will only intervene
  if he thinks you will be damaged and you know how far he goes sometimes.&quot; A
  number of the slaves were openly crying.  
During my afternoon session in her office, I asked Sapphire about what they
  did. &quot;They like to use canes and whips and make our flesh raw and exceedingly
  painful. They are into rope bondage too and the woman is especially sadistic.
  They're much the same as the overseers of the Burma railway in World War II.&quot;  
&quot;Oh my God, why does the king allow it?&quot;  
&quot;Money.&quot;  
&quot;Am I likely to be chosen?&quot;  
&quot;I'm afraid it is very likely, in fact it is almost a certainty. You're
  new and you've large tits, which will draw their attention. Sorry Carol, but
  that is an honest answer.&quot; My tears flowed when I heard this, Sapphire
  put her arms around me but it was of little comfort.  
Only a few ate their dinner, the rest of us picked at our food waiting for
  what was probably inevitable for me; some of the others had a better than even
  chance. At the pool, the stories of what happened in previous years were told
  that made it seem like we were headed for hell. The best that could be said
  was, &quot;They all survived.&quot;  
Many of us had tears rolling down our cheeks as we stood in line waiting
  for the king to bring in the Japanese party. Suddenly the door opened and in
  strode the king in all his finery followed by the Japanese is severe almost
  military style suits. The contrast in dress was extreme. &quot;Lady and gentlemen
  be so good as to choose the slaves for your pleasure tonight,&quot; the king
  bowed his head slightly and stepped back. For a few seconds eight eyes scanned
  the line and almost immediately the woman who I later found out was Soushi,
  rushed forwards and ripped my dress open without unbuckling it. My breasts
  fell out and the Soushi hefted them and babbled excitedly in her own tongue.
  Sapphire was right, I was unfortunate to have large breasts. &quot;No, no,
  please no!&quot; I cried out as she pulled me by my nipples from the line.  
&quot;Silence,&quot; said the king in a quiet authoritative way, &quot;You
  know there is no choice and begging will only make things worse. You've been
  told that already.&quot;  
Shortly afterwards Ettie stood crying alongside me, then Paulette a petite
  French girl. So far they had not chosen any Arab girls. We knew they had in
  the past as Sapphire told me she'd been through it but it was several years
  ago and maybe these weren't the same people. We were all surprised they chose
  Jim to make up the party. No doubt his large prick was as much of an attraction
  as my knockers. An audible sigh of relief came from those who were left but
  us three girls were sobbing our hearts out. We couldn't help it. Jim was putting
  a brave face on it but he too looked very worried.  
&quot;Silence!&quot; Makuto, who seemed to be in charge of the delegation
  snapped, &quot;Stop wailing. You not hurt&hellip;yet!&quot; We tried to stifle
  our sobs but were only partially successful.  
Only a few of the original chairs remained in the conference room and in
  their place were several items of heavy construction. It was obvious we would
  be tied to these. On a centre table lay two coils of new rope, one slightly
  thicker than the other. At least they seemed to be of a soft material rather
  than rough hemp or sisal but our eyes were drawn more to the collection of
  canes and whips that lay alongside. We girls started sobbing again and were
  immediately reminded to be quiet by Soushi hand slapping Ettie's face. We were
  ordered to take off our robes.  
For a little while we just stood naked while the four gabbled in their language
  and gestured diagrammatically at what the intended to do. Jim was the first
  to receive their attention. Makuto cut a length of the thicker rope and bound
  Jim's hands were tied behind his neck and the ends fastened around his throat
  barely allowing him to breathe. &quot;Kneel,&quot; ordered Makuto. Jim almost
  fell to the floor but the two other men, pushed him into position and held
  him while Makuto bound his ankles. I never found out the names of the other
  two but termed one Shortie and the other Lanky although like most Japanese
  he wasn't very tall. Not very original names but I was more concerned with
  what was happening. Soushi pushed a short bench in front of Jim and laid his
  prick on the top and then assisted Makuto to bind Jim's thighs to the end leg.
  Finally a gag was inserted in Jim's mouth. I was shaking with fear just seeing
  how helpless the man was. His back, arse, chest and prick were all openly available
  for punishment and from the way Soushi positioned his prick, I guessed which
  part she would attend to.  
Paulette let forth a torrent of words in her native French when Shortie and
  Lanky draped her over the back of a low chair. Makuto and Soushi tied her ankles
  and wrists tightly to the bottom of the chair legs. In this position the chair
  back pushed into Paulette's stomach, her thighs, arse and back were tightly
  stretched and her cunt was available for sex except that Shortie would need
  a stool. She was gagged too.  
There was a 50/50 chance I would be tied next but they selected Ettie. She
  was taken to another heavy chair and placed in it more or less upside down.
  Her shoulders rested on the seat. Shortie and Lanky held Ettie's thighs painfully
  wide apart; Soushi tied her wrists around the back legs while Makuto wound
  rope coils tightly around her torso and the chair back. Her breasts protruded
  redly between the coils and her breathing was becoming laboured. She too was
  gagged. When the two released her thighs, poor Ettie didn't know how to hold
  them in any sort of comfort. She tried holding them up, sideways and to the
  front but she couldn't hold any position for long. The japs laughed at her
  predicament and Soushi put two fingers in Ettie's cunt.  
I had a fleeting thought of running for the door but knew that would be hopeless.
  Even if I made it out of the room I wouldn't have anywhere to hide in the palace.
  The two Japanese henchmen forced me to kneel and Makuto bound my ankles painfully
  tight to either side of a low bench. My wrists were done next and held high
  above my head while Soushi used the thinner rope to bind the base of my breasts
  with very tight coils causing the to bulge out and turn a purplish colour.
  The ends of the rope were passed around under my armpits and back around my
  neck. Lanky now pulled my arms back and fastened them to the bench so my body
  was arched back and my tits pointed upwards at about forty-five degrees. It
  was a painful position to remain in without any torture that was to be inflicted.
  Soushi suckled my nipples for a few minutes and then laughed, &quot;Soon I
  not be so gentle.&quot; As best I could with rather limited head movement,
  I looked around and realised we had been placed in such a way that we would
  witness everyone's punishment or rather, their torture.  
Chapter 7. Whipped   
Shortie picked a vicious looking cat-o-nine-tails and Soushi a shorter single
  tail whip. They swished and cracked them harmlessly in the air while Makuto
  removed Jim's gag. &quot;We like hear you scream,&quot; he grinned. Swinging
  the cat in a wide arc, Shortie brought the thongs down hard across his victim's
  back. Jim groaned loudly from the pain. I wished I could have done something
  to stop it but I was immobile. We'd been told the Japs were not allowed to
  draw blood but I wondered how closely they would keep to that promise. I couldn't
  see Jim's back but could well imagine it oozing blood. Fortunately my imagination
  was wrong. The welts were deep and fiery but the skin was not broken. Soushi
  let forth with her whip high across Jim's chest. He yelled at the top of his
  voice. I could hardly see for crying. The others were crying too. Again the
  cat lashed Jim's back followed by Soushi's whip catching his nipples. Jim was
  screaming himself hoarse now and the whips fell with perhaps ten seconds between
  the strokes. Finally Shortie put the cat down, unzipped his trousers and pulled
  out a rather small prick. Without any lubrication, he forced it in Jim's backside
  and started fucking hard and torturing his arse still further. Soushi now aimed
  her whip at his prick. &quot;Maybe if it swells big, I let you fuck big tits
  later,&quot; she told him, &quot;I whip you till man come in your hole.&quot; When
  I saw Jim slump I tried to yell at them but of course it was impossible. Shortie
  finished his fuck soon after and Soushi put down her whip and replaced the
  gag. Clapping her hands and dancing with glee she spoke animatedly to the others
  in her own language. There was no doubt she was delighted in her performance.  
Paulette was Lanky's prize. He chose a thin cane and started at the back
  of her thighs. This time I could see the marks as well as hear her screams
  and pathetic pleas in French. She only took eight before she passed out but
  Lanky didn't stop, not even while Shortie held a capsule under her nose to
  revive her. Twice more she passed out before Lanky's cane reached her shoulders.
  I couldn't see that part of her but in the shower much later in the day, I
  saw the lines were just as evenly spaced and raised, as was her arse. Lanky
  too had a small prick but he thrust it forcefully in the exposed vagina. By
  this time Paulette was barely registering anything.  
While we waited for Makuto to choose his instrument of torture I wondered
  just how bad my punishment would be. Unlike the others, mine was a comparatively
  small area to whip and from what I had seen Soushi would wish to hurt them
  as much as possible. Makuto chose a multi-stranded whip with thongs a little
  over a foot long. We knew Ettie was in for a cunt whipping but I was surprised
  that he started so far from his target. Shortie and Lanky held her legs wide
  apart and Makuto brought the whip down on an inner thigh close to her knee.
  I could see it left a broad band of fine raw lines. Makuto worked from one
  thigh to the other each time the band of lashes overlapped the previous one
  and each brought him near to her tender shaven cunt. Ettie's cries were awesome
  but she did not pass out. I heard afterwards it was probably due to her being
  head down so more blood flowed to the brain. Her screams and pleas intensified
  as the whip first hit the labial lips and finally crashed several times in
  succession right on her slit.  
I wondered how Makuto would fuck her in that position but what he did was
  even more disgusting. Out came a prick of similar size to the others and he
  aimed it at Ettie's mouth. Almost automatically she took it in. We'd all done
  that many times now and when Makuto took hold of her ears we expected he would
  fuck her head on his prick. Instead he held her in position and pissed directly
  in her mouth. Some dribbled out, more ran out of her nose but much of it she
  had to swallow even with her head down.  
As you can well imagine I was in a state of dread when Soushi came to me
  with what looked like a polished and tapered steel rod about half the thickness
  of a pencil at it thickest end. She bent it in nearly a full circle and allowed
  it to fly back with a twang to prove how springy the steel was. She was laughing
  at my horror struck face as she brought her arm back and swept the rod in an
  upward arc to catch the underside of my tits very close to the rope binding.
  The pain was horrendous and brought forth screams louder than I had ever thought
  myself capable of. She then carried on hitting the tops, sides and in the cleavage
  until I mercifully passed out for the second time and it took a long while
  to revive me.  
When I finally came to, I was gagged again but my feet were released. Makuto
  and Soushi led me crying and sobbing, over to Jim. Lanky and Shorty now had
  him sitting on his welted arse and had somehow managed to get his cock semi-erect. &quot;You
  now have nice fuck with big prick,&quot; Soushi said as they placed me above
  Jim's swollen and rib welted prick. I hardly knew what they were doing because
  of the pain in my chest but I felt hands opening my slit until the prick entered
  and then I was thrust down on it. Soushi used my already tormented tits as
  handles to bounce me on it. Soon though she handed that task to Shortie and
  Lankie who held me by my arms to do the bouncing. Soushi picked up her rod
  again and brought it down hard across the top of my tits. There was no place
  on them that wasn't already badly welted and her rod caught me as I was lifted
  increasing the severity of the blow. I saw blood and passed out. Willy and
  a group of eunuchs entered and stopped the Japanese from hurting us further.  
The next thing I remember was being carried out and then later, lying on
  a bed in the clinic. My hands and legs were free but my breasts were still
  bound. A nurse at the bedside was preparing a syringe, &quot;I'm giving you
  a pain killing injection to your breasts before I remove their binding,&quot; she
  said, &quot;It may help ease the pain when the blood flows back in but I'm
  afraid I cannot take it all away. The king has to authorise that.&quot; She
  was right about the pain! Even though she was gentle, the rope was now almost
  embedded in my breasts and the pain surge as blood returned to my mammaries
  was pretty awful. I know I screamed out but I was only vaguely aware others
  were crying out too. Gradually the pain subsided a little and I could look
  around.  
Jim lay in the next bed more or less on his left side and facing me. Sophia
  gently sprayed a foam cream to his welts. He was far worse off than I was.
  His punishment was on both sides of his body as well as his prick and there
  seemed no way he could lie without putting pressure on some tortured part of
  his body. Even propped up on an elbow caused him great pain. He caught my eye
  just as Sophia finished spraying his prick with the foam. &quot;Not the usual
  cream I have on my prick,&quot; he commented, trying to smile but on a face
  wracked with pain it came out as a grimace. I tried to smile too but with tears
  running down my cheeks, I'm sure it didn't come out that way. An hour later
  a group of worker slaves brought in a waterbed commandeered from a guestroom
  at the king's orders. It would help ease his problem slightly.  
Ettie was sobbing in the bed the other side of mine. Fatima, an Indian girl
  harem slave was applying foam cream to her thighs and cunt and Paulette, lying
  face down, continued to cry out in her native tongue while Robert, one of the
  males slaves applied cold compresses to her back before spraying her with cream
  too.  
I wondered why no one was attending to me. The nurse had cleaned the blood
  away as soon as I arrived and fortunately the wound was not much more than
  an abrasion. There would be no scar. Shortly Sapphire breezed in, &quot;Sorry
  for the delay in getting to you,&quot; she apologised, &quot;I needed to get
  the king's approval for moving the waterbed. He's formally reprimanded the
  Japs but I don't think they were overly worried they'd had their sadistic fun.
  Now let's see what nurse suggests we do with your tits.&quot; Minutes later
  my tits looked like snow covered peaks when Sapphire had sprayed them with
  the foam. I felt some relief immediately but the pain was still very intense.
  At least I could lie on my back. The foam quickly dried to a transparent antiseptic,
  analgesic film. Once more I could see the dreadful red welts that ran in all
  directions across my once beautiful breasts. I wondered if they would ever
  return to their former state.  
A worker slave pushed a trolley loaded with cartons of fruit juice into the
  clinic. Poor girl stopped in mid stride and stood with her mouth open when
  she saw our beaten bodies. &quot;I used to envy you harem slaves,&quot; she
  said, &quot;Now I'm glad I'm only a lowly worker. It's bad enough when we get
  the strap for some misdemeanour but&hellip;&quot; She stopped, unable to find
  the words to express herself. Oddly, despite the pain, the journalist part
  of me came to the fore and I made a mental note to try and learn more of the
  world of worker slaves.  
Only a little later King Joshua himself came in and actually apologised for
  the extent of our beatings and promised this was the last year it would happen. &quot;You
  are pleasure slaves&quot; he said, &quot;A little pain can give pleasure but
  this went far beyond that and there was not really any sexual context to the
  beatings. You are exempt from normal duties until such time the nurse believes
  you can take them on again, and even then you can refuse to service anyone
  who you think will take advantage of your sore bodies.&quot; He came and spoke
  to us individually afterwards and seemed genuinely concerned about our health.
  I pleaded to be allowed home early but he refused saying I would be looked
  after better in this clinic that at home on the NHS. He was probably right
  but I just wanted to ensure I didn't have another thrashing like that before
  I left.  
Us girls were confined to the clinic for two days and even after that none
  of us dared cover our injured parts even though it scared and horrified the
  others to see them, especially the work slaves we came into contact with. Jim
  stayed in the clinic a further two days and returned there at night to sleep
  on the waterbed for a week. I visited him once with the other two girls when
  the nurse wished to check on us, and once on my own. I think the nurse suspects
  there is the start of a relationship between us as she gave me the cream to
  apply to him and casually remarked, &quot;Take your time and be gentle. He
  can use the same stuff on your tits.&quot; We got to talk quietly and I examined
  his prick carefully. It started to harden and Jim had to ask me to leave it
  alone.  
Nurse countermanded this. &quot;That cream is supposed to help keep the skin
  supple so that it will expand again. Rub plenty of it into the shaft Carol
  but, of course, don't get carried away and cause an emission.&quot;  
I saw a lot of Jim during the next week, mainly because the four of us visited
  the clinic together and hung out in and around the pool. The water seemed to
  help restore out muscles to working order.  
Coach kept us at it though. He made us do all the exercises he thought us
  capable of even though it hurt like hell to do them. He firmly believed that
  he was helping us but neither the others nor I were convinced.  
Chapter 8. The milkers   
A week after leaving the clinic, I sat in Sapphire's office typing my account
  of the whippings when the king stopped at my desk on his way through. I'd been
  working with my breasts exposed but I loosely covered them when I saw him enter
  the room. I don't know why I bothered because his first words were, &quot;Let
  me see what they're like now Carol please.&quot; They were still multi-coloured
  and tender and I certainly wouldn't have wanted to wear a bra even if it was
  allowed but I could gently cup them in my palms without crying out. King Joshua
  reached over the desk to touch them and I immediately flinched but he was gentle
  and quietly asked how sore they were. &quot;They're still very tender and ache
  all the time,&quot; I told him, &quot;But not too bad.&quot; We had been well
  taken care of by the staff at the clinic,  
&quot;Good, they know what they are doing and things like that foam spray
  are not available in the UK.&quot; He paused and went on, &quot;Come to my
  room tonight,&quot; he replied. He would be the first to have me since the
  whipping and I couldn't refuse him like I had done with the repeated requests
  from the Marenka's.  
&quot;Thank you. It deem it an honour to be at your service.&quot; It was
  the standard answer but I suddenly thought of it as being true. After being
  a whore to men and women every night for nearly three weeks, my forced abstinence
  left me with a feeling of being left out.  
He sent for me around eight o'clock which was earlier than normal and immediately
  gave me a good, very enjoyable fucking without putting any pressure on my breasts
  except a couple of times by accident. He apologised each time. I was quite
  surprised at the consideration he showed; he was more like the king I knew
  at the embassy rather than the cruel one that ordered thrashings.  
Afterwards we lay together and talked about my life here and got he got around
  to asking about my writing and if there was anything else I wanted to know
  about. I thought and answered, &quot;I don't know if I am letting myself in
  for more trouble but there's two things I'm curious about. Firstly I've heard
  people mention the milkers but have never seen them. I'd like to know more
  about them and secondly, I'm curious about the lives of the work slaves. How
  they seem to live differently to the pampered lives of us harem slaves, yet
  they seem happy enough even when doing menial tasks.&quot;  
King Joshua lay quiet for a short while thinking about what I said. &quot;The
  milkers are a group of women with huge breasts. Udders would be a better term.
  They are kept lactating and provide milk for myself and members of my staff.
  You've actually had it in your tea when we've dined together. By normal standards
  your tits are large but they are nothing to the size of the milkers although,
  if you were here permanently, I have no doubt they would grow if we put you
  in the milking programme. I can arrange for you to visit the milk production
  parlour for a day or two if you wish but you will not be able to take part
  in the programme without becoming pregnant. As for your learning about the
  lives of work slaves, that you could do in a practical way but only if you
  agree. It is not part of your contract. If you agreed I could have you transferred
  for a few days to experience it as it really is. The pleasures and the punishments.
  In general, the punishments are only a few swats with the strap on your bare
  arse, nothing like you've been through. More severe punishments have to be
  sanctioned by me or the Palace Chamberlain and are done publicly for the entertainment
  of our guests.&quot;  
We discussed it for a while until he said, &quot;Enough of this chatter,
  I'm hard again so get your arse up ready for me to fuck it.&quot;  
Nothing more was said about it and I spent the whole night in his bed and
  had breakfast in his room the next morning waited on by a near naked work young
  slave who helped us to shower afterwards. A bonus was that I missed Gym. Coach's
  exercises had improved my fitness but I couldn't say I enjoyed the sessions
  especially as he now seemed to concentrate on getting the muscles of my still
  tender tits to support their weight without help.  
Brenda and Ken Wilson, amongst a list of others, requested me that evening
  and I accepted. Ken had been away to another site in Zamarabea for a few days
  but Brenda told me she ordered male slaves to service her each evening. Ken
  had no such luck in the rural site. I asked Jim if he had been invited and
  he had but declined. &quot;I think my prick needs a few more days to recover
  and Nurse supports me in that. If I'd known you were going I might have agreed
  just to see you.&quot;  
&quot;If I can get Brenda to be gentle with you and if she hasn't ordered
  another man, will you come?&quot; Jim nodded. I explained all this to Brenda
  when I arrived and a little later Jim appeared. We were examined carefully.
  Both gingerly touched my tits and I didn't let on they looked far worse than
  they felt. Jim's back and front we still a mass of welts which made all his
  body movements stiff but it was his prick that of course, took most of their
  attention.  
&quot;Will it get hard?&quot; Brenda asked.  
&quot;Yes, but it is sore when it does and doesn't stay hard for too long.
  I haven't tried fucking again yet so I don't know how I will perform, ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;It looks pretty gross so I think I'll have to be satisfied with your
  tongue tonight. Ken's given me a good doing since he came back and I know he
  wants to get his prick in Carol again.&quot;  
Ken tried to suckle my tits and that was quite nice until he tried to squeeze
  them as well. Even though he didn't do it hard, I pulled back in pain so he
  desisted and concentrated on fucking me. Jim had just brought Brenda to a climax
  and sat on the bed, his cock was half hard so when I'd finished cleaning Ken's
  prick, he suggested Jim could do with a suck too. I looked in askance at Jim
  who said to try it.  
Very carefully I wrapped my lips around the head and when he made no move
  to push me away, I worked more and more of it into my mouth. Several times
  he grimaced and I stopped for a moment and then carried on again until I found
  he was slowly thrusting himself. It took a while but then suddenly I felt his
  sperm shoot into my throat. It was his first ejaculation since the Jap torture.
  He gave me a little smile and ruffled my hair. Brenda commented, &quot;I think
  you two will make a nice couple.&quot;  
While he lay on his side and rested, Brenda, Ken and I chatted about old
  times and my life here and what changes it would make to my lifestyle when
  I returned home. Brenda cupped and slowly massaged my breasts until my nipples
  stood out and I became very horny. Unfortunately Ken wasn't up to another bout
  yet so I took one of Brenda's hands and placed on my mound. She got the message
  and soon my juices were flowing. It was a minute or two later than she exclaimed, &quot;Look,
  Jim's hard again.&quot; And indeed he was fully erect. &quot;Do you want to
  try and do it with her?&quot; Brenda asked.  
&quot;If you are ordering me, then I'll have to try ma'am,&quot; Jim replied
  with a smile.  
&quot;Get your arse over her and shag this slave senseless,&quot; Brenda
  laughingly ordered and then when he was close she whispered, &quot;If it gets
  too much just pull out. We won't complain. We have gel if you want to use it
  although she's pretty slick at the moment. Perhaps she's always like that.&quot; Brenda
  couldn't resist having a little dig at me.  
I lay myself across the bed with my cunt just clear of the side and my thighs
  as wide spread as I could get them unaided. It was certainly further than I
  could have spread them when I arrived. I guess Coach's exercises must have
  done some good. Jim entered very slowly and carefully and I could tell it was
  hurting him. &quot;You don't have to,&quot; I said, but her said it was okay
  and he wanted to do it anyway. He managed to get in all the way and I had that
  lovely full feeling that a nicely stretched cunt produces. I wanted him to
  start ramming me hard but I knew too, that it would be too painful for him.
  Still he did work with a steady slow rhythm and I started to climax, then a
  short while later I climaxed again. By the time he ejaculated I'd had a beautiful
  series multiple orgasms which brought forth the comment from Brenda, &quot;Looks
  as if I should have made him fuck me.&quot; His prick looked very raw when
  he finally withdrew. I apologised for what I had done but he said that it was
  his own fault.  
I woke terrified. A man was shaking me and his hand covered my mouth. &quot;Make
  no noise please,&quot; the man said. His uniform told me he was a eunuch but
  he was not one of those I had seen before. &quot;Come with me please.&quot; Sleepily
  and somewhat sore I got up. There was no point in questioning him. Eunuchs
  followed orders; they didn't make decisions. Someone in authority must have
  sent him but who? Why? Was I going to be punished again? A couple of girls
  opened their eyes as I went by and Sapphire looked at me questioningly. I shrugged.
  At least she was in a position to find out what was happening.  
I paused at the toilets and indicated I needed to go and he nodded. Having
  spent over a month using the hole on the floor toilets in the company of others,
  I squatted without thinking about the eunuch watching. He led me through a
  digital coded security door, and along corridors I had no idea existed. Now
  we were clear of the sleeping area I could talk without disturbing anyone. &quot;Where
  are you taking me?&quot; I asked not really expecting a reply.  
&quot;Milk production.&quot; I was both surprised and relieved by his answer.  
&quot;But why at this unearthly hour?&quot;  
&quot;Matron says so.&quot; The cryptic reply left me no wiser.  
Eventually we came to a dormitory not too unlike the one I'd just left. At
  first sight, the main difference was the size and height of the beds and the
  way the women were lying on them. They were chest down and their fat arses,
  all those I saw were large women, were raised to expose their sex and arsehole.
  To see a double row of bulbous, bare, bums was a most obscene sight. I also
  noted that a few women wore a prominent bright fluorescent red anklet. One
  had the very visible marks of a strap on her arse and several others the marks
  were fading so I guessed discipline was used here too. Matron, another large
  woman with huge breasts, whispered, &quot;Lie here like the others. Your day
  will start in half an hour. The king has instructed me to treat you just like
  all the milkers for the day.&quot;  
The bed was quite different to any I had ever seen and I saw why the women
  were lying face down. Where their breasts should have contacted the mattress
  was a large, recess that allowed their 'udders' to hang free without being
  crushed. Across the bed at hip level was a bolster that raised the buttocks.
  I found the arrangement surprisingly comfortable and very erotic. I knew my
  cunt was well on display and any man could come along and rape me with ease.
  I wondered why no one suggested a bed like this after my tit thrashing. It
  would have been more comfortable for me.  
I dozed but was awoken shortly by the noisy entry of men into the dorm. Two
  started to squabble over me until I heard the swish and loud slap of a strap
  on flesh. It brought forth a sharp cry from the victim. The eunuch that brought
  me smiled as he hooked the strap back to his belt. Almost immediately I felt
  a prick at my entrance, my first fuck of the day had begun. It lasted for about

  ten minutes and I was able to cum. &quot;Not a bad way to start the day,&quot; I
  thought.  
Glancing across to my neighbour, I saw she too was in the throws of an orgasm.
  She smiled and said, &quot;Hi, I'm Sharon. You seem a bit small to be a milker,
  but I was volunteered to be your guide for the day and to treat you as one
  of us so you could experience everything.&quot; It was difficult to explain
  my position while being humped but she got the gist of it. When the men finished
  we got up and used the toilet. I noticed the holes were further apart in this
  section and that many of the women were extremely large if not overweight. &quot;No
  gym for me this morning,&quot; I thought. Sharon and I showered together and
  I noticed the others did so in pairs but for those who had difficulty in bending
  sufficiently, there were work slaves to help them.  
&quot;We go to be milked next,&quot; Sharon informed me, &quot;I don't know
  how you'll get on with your tits in that state. Thank goodness us milkers have
  ours treated with more respect. I expect the machine won't like not getting
  anything out of you but you may find the sensation quite enjoyable. The stalls
  are over here.&quot; The 'stalls' as Sharon called them, were like cot beds
  again with a place for the woman's tits to hang down. &quot;Press the button
  when you're in place, Carol and the suction cups will come up and fasten on
  your tits automatically.&quot; I did so and felt the cups home in on my nipples
  and then attach themselves firmly. A few years ago I'd done a report on a new
  milking parlour where the cows wandered in when they needed milking and the
  computerised system connected itself and milked the cow. &quot;This is just
  the human version,&quot; I said to myself. The sucking gnawing action on my
  nipples soon had me horny and I wouldn't have minded another prick inside me
  but that was not to be.  
&quot;Milker Sharon, 1.24 litres. Satisfactory.&quot; The machine alongside
  me spoke. &quot;Press the button again, Carol. It will release you,&quot; Sharon
  informed me.  
&quot;Milker unspecified, no milk. Report to matron.&quot;  
&quot;If our milk production falls for no good reason, that message often
  means 'go to matron and get a dose of the strap'.&quot; Sharon laughed, &quot;I
  hope she's in a good mood and accepts your excuse but I will be surprised if
  she doesn't stripe your bum. It will be the first time she's had a harem slave
  under her control.&quot;  
&quot;I hope she's in a good mood then. I've seen and felt enough pain in
  the last month to last more than one lifetime.&quot;  
&quot;Whatever you do, don't refuse. You'll only be held down and given double
  and she'll lay it on real hard.&quot;  
I duly reported to matron's office. Another woman was already there.&quot;&hellip; only
  0.46 litres this morning Fatima. Why?&quot;  
&quot;I had to attend the dinner last night ma'am and was sucked almost dry.&quot;  
&quot;No excuse,&quot; Matron snapped, &quot;Over the frame with you.&quot; Fatima
  shrugged and lay across a vaulting horse type frame while matron picked up
  a long leather strap. Later I found out it was longer so as to cover the unusually
  wide arses of most milkers. She swung the leather in a wide arc and brought
  it down with a loud report across Fatima's arse. She yelled and tried to get
  up. The flesh depressed into a wide groove, went white and then coloured red. &quot;Stay
  still woman, you know the penalty for being restrained.&quot; Matron's sadistic
  voice reminded me of Soushi.  
&quot;My God, I hope she doesn't hit me like that,&quot; I said to myself
  as I stood shakingly watching, but I was pretty certain I would feel the strap.
  Sharon was probably right in that she would savour having a harem slave to
  thrash. Sharon squeezed my hand to comfort me but it did little as I watched
  the leather crash into Fatima'a bottom again. Six strokes the poor woman had
  before she was allowed to painfully rise and rub herself before moving off.  
&quot;No milk at all from you. Why?&quot; Matron asked.  
&quot;Please, I'm only an observer. I'm not a milker.&quot;  
&quot;No excuse,&quot; Matron snapped just as she had with Fatima, &quot;Over
  the frame with you.&quot;  
&quot;Please&hellip;&quot; I started to beg.  
&quot;You've told her what happens to milkers who are reluctant to take their
  punishment Sharon?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;I can easily make you arse the same colour as your tits Carol if you
  wish to be restrained.&quot; Knowing there was no real choice I lay over the
  frame.  
My first scream must have raised the roof a little as the leather bit into
  my backside and curled into my hip. &quot;Please no more I begged as the second
  stroke landed. Sharon told me afterwards I was not hit as hard as Fatima but
  I found that hard to believe. The pain was far too great and I just hung over
  the frame almost lifeless. Fortunately I only had six but that was more than
  enough after which I was promptly dismissed. Against the bulk of Sharon, I
  must have looked like a baby but she helped me out and dried my eyes. &quot;We
  do have cream that helps but we mustn't take oral medication in case it finds
  its way into our milk,&quot; she told me as she liberally applied the cream.
  She found me a dress only a few sizes too large, with support cups that made
  my breasts look like peas in a bucket. Sharon's fitted her fine. We went to
  breakfast. Buffet style, healthy food, just like in our cafeteria but there
  was far more of it. There needed to be judging by the amount the women piled
  on their plates. The other noticeable difference was the size of the chairs.
  These were wider, stronger and had thicker padding that ours. I was grateful
  for the padding. As the pain in my buttocks reduced a little I started to ask
  Sharon about her life.  
&quot;I was born here,&quot; Sharon started, &quot;Bred to be a milker from
  several generations of milkers. There is a nursery section attached to the
  milking block where girls are raised and given a little education, enough so
  they can read. Nearly all of the girls start breast development quite early
  in life. I had ones as big as yours by the time I was twelve and at that time
  began our sex education. There were several girls in my age group and we witnessed
  the fucking sessions and handled the men. We were given three menstrual periods
  before we were bred. I was fourteen when I had my first baby, some are as young
  as twelve. I remember my first time very well. I wore a red anklet to signify
  I was to be inseminated and three red anklet men had me one after the other.&quot;  
&quot;What is the significance of the red anklet on the men?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;They have a particularly high sperm count. The ones without are probably
  nearer to normal and could easily make a girl pregnant but they only get the
  chance by accident. In general they are just work slaves brought in to do a
  job five times a day on a rota system.&quot;  
&quot;Why do they fuck those who are not being inseminated. Are not being
  bred or who are already pregnant?&quot;  
&quot;I think they did some tests years ago and found that having frequent
  sex produces more milk. So we get fucked five times a day and the slaves get
  their pricks into us at least once. Gives them some pleasure although often
  it is one sided. I'm lucky if I get to cum once in the day.&quot;  
&quot;How often are you milked?&quot;  
&quot;Everyone gets milked first thing in the morning and then they go to
  the stalls as and when they feel the need. I usually go early afternoon and
  mid evening. The computer adds up your production and sends the total for the
  day to matron and you saw what happens if your milk production goes down.&quot;  
&quot;Are you pregnant now?&quot;  
&quot;Two months gone with my eighth. Come we should do our daily exercise.
  We walk in the oasis. It's reasonably cool in the shade of the palm trees and
  we are encouraged to take the fresh air and to walk at least four kilometres.&quot;  
She led me out into the sunshine, almost the first time I had been outside
  since my arrival. My feet must have hardened just by walking barefoot on carpet
  for a month for I found no trouble in walking on the tiled path or the pebbly
  sand although it did seem strange to have the sand between my toes for the
  first few yards. My sore arse prevented me from striding out as I would have
  liked.  
&quot;What happens to the boy babies?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;They're trained as work slaves. Usually they become red anklet slaves
  too having been bred from high sperm count fathers.&quot;  
We slowly caught up with a laughing group of milkers and I soon became the
  focus of their attentions and ribaldry, but it was all done without malice.
  The smallness and the colour of my tits were the main subjects of their joking.
  One of them whose name I never was told, suddenly asked, &quot;Would you like
  a taste of my milk? I should have given a bit more this morning because I'm
  feeling overfull already and I'm leaking. The others will keep watch.&quot;  
&quot;Help her out,&quot; Sharon murmured, &quot;But don't take too much
  otherwise the computer will know.&quot; The woman offered me her huge left
  nipple and I was pushed towards it. Before I knew it the warm, sweet milk was
  spurting in my mouth and I swallowed. It wasn't really to my taste but it wasn't
  unpleasant. I took some from her right breast and we continued on our way.
  Sharon diverted me from the main path to show me a little fish pond and as
  we continued on I asked, &quot;What did Fatima mean when she said she was sucked
  dry at dinner last night?&quot;  
&quot;Sometimes at dinner parties or other functions, they like to have milk
  'on tap' as they call it. There is one room where there is a long narrow serving
  hatch and the milkers have to stand behind it and rest their breasts on a narrow
  shelf. Our nipples overhang the other side of the shelf and when guests require
  milk in their coffee, they take it direct from us. Occasionally, a guest will
  suck a tit and drink all they can which, I guess, is what happened to Fatima.&quot;  
Arriving back about eleven o'clock, we spent an hour in the pool. It was
  not as luxurious as the harem pool but more than adequate. &quot;Midday fuck
  time,&quot; Sharon called to me. I'd noticed the pool area becoming deserted.
  Almost as soon I was on the bed and in position, the naked males slaves came
  in, their pricks ready for action. Again there seemed to be some jostling to
  get into my cunt but whoever it was that got in first, was soon pounding away.
  Perhaps I wasn't as inured to it as Sharon, but I came long before the slave.  
&quot;Do they ever do it in your bumhole?&quot; I asked Sharon on the way
  to lunch.  
&quot;Frequently. Usually at least once a day. Maybe not with you because
  I expect your cunt is less well used and it's not passed any babies yet.&quot;  
Mid-afternoon I went with Sharon to the stalls but didn't have my tits sucked
  in case I was told to report to matron again. I watched the machine suck and
  pulsate Sharon's tits and could see the milk flow along the transparent tubing
  into what looked like a standard sterilising and cooling tank. I took several
  photos of her being milked.  
Sharon spent the afternoon in the small library area reading a novel and
  I walked and talked with some of the other milkers. All seemed to have been
  born into the life and had not known any other. We returned to the dormitory
  for another fuck session before tea and again before dinner. After that I was
  returned to the harem area, missing out on the final bedtime fuck.  
Sapphire commented on my bruised arse. &quot;You do seem to get into the
  wars,&quot; she laughed and laughed even louder when I said it was because
  I didn't produce enough milk. &quot;You'd better hope that magazine of yours
  pays you well for all the pain you've gone through. Perhaps though, they will
  take away points for all the pleasures.&quot;  
Chapter 9. Punished for a night out   
&quot;And keep her out of the sun Fahid,&quot; Sapphire instructed the man
  who was to be my boss for the day, &quot;She's got to be back on harem duty
  the day after tomorrow and they will want to see nice white flesh, not skin
  blotched with red sunburn. Otherwise you can treat her like your other two
  girls except she isn't used to hard manual work. She has permission to photograph
  you and the others at work so allow her to do that.&quot; Sapphire went on
  to explain why I was there while I shivered in the cool air. She had woken
  me at 6 a.m. and led me still naked through a maze of corridors and through
  a side of the palace. We stopped at a hut in the grounds that I recognised
  from my walk with the milkers. I had agreed to be a manual slave worker for
  two days and to forgo my four-hour freedom right on both days. Today I was
  to work with the green robes, the outside manual workers and tomorrow I would
  work with the kitchen staff inside the palace.  
There were twelve in the group, ten men including Fahid and two girls. All
  were Zamarabeans and all were powerfully built. I looked frail by comparison.
  They all stared blankly at me but I soon found that was only while Sapphire
  was there. As soon as she left, they were laughing and making fun of my whiteness
  and my large breasts, but not in a malicious way. Fahid was the exception.
  He seemed to resent my presence. &quot;Come and I'll find you a robe otherwise
  these men will stare so long we won't get our quota done.&quot; June, one of
  the girls took my hand and led me inside to the accompaniment of ribald comments
  from the others. For some reason I blushed all over which caused them more
  merriment. I laughed too and remarked that I was getting sunburned and the
  sun wasn't even up yet which caused further laughter and seemed to get me accepted
  into the group especially when they saw the still colourful stripes on my arse
  from matron's strap. June gave me a green robe, a matching head-dress and a
  pair of flip-flop sandals. It was the first time for six weeks that my body
  was hidden from public view.  
Our work was to lay a tessellated path through an avenue of palm trees. The
  tesserae were coloured bricks 4 inches by two and two inches square and were
  laid to form a complex pattern. My first job was to wheel these bricks from
  the storage shed to the end of the path. By now Coach had improved my physical
  fitness considerably but he hadn't been building up my muscles for manual labour,
  nor had my hands become hardened for physical work. Soon they became red and
  raw from the abrasive nature of the bricks. I showed them to June who had a
  word with Fahid and accompanied by sour comments, reluctantly found me a pair
  of gloves, causing more merriment from the others. I've always had a mathematical
  mind so I was able to pick up the repetitive pattern they were doing quite
  easily. Asheed, Ash we called him, laid out the pattern between string guidelines
  working from the one side of the path. Without being told I started from the
  other to match his. The others in the group lifted the tesserae and painstakingly
  set them in a mud-like substance or grouted those that had been laid previously.
  I quite enjoyed the work even though it made my hands quite sore.  
When I returned with a further supply of bricks Ash had made a small mistake
  in the pattern, which I laughed at when I pointed it out. It was an easily
  done thing. Fahid though took it seriously and ordered Ash to kneel and bare
  his arse. Picking up a long switch he laid two hard strokes across Ash's buttocks
  leaving two deep red and painful stripes. I was shocked by this and whispered
  my apologies to Ash but he tried to grin, &quot;Don't you make any mistakes
  now or you'll get the same. Fahid was only annoyed because an outsider and
  a girl at that, spotted it.&quot; Thereafter I checked every piece before I
  laid it in place and when Ash again made a little mistake I corrected it without
  Fahid knowing. Ash gave me a little smile of appreciation and did the same
  for me when I went wrong.  
After working for a couple of hours our breakfast arrived and we sat in the
  shade to eat it. It was plain, wholesome food; filling but nothing fancy. Fahid
  made me expose my tits and sit in facing the others. &quot;You show your big
  tits in harem, now you show them to us,&quot; he averred. By comparison the
  other two girls were small in the tit department. They still showed the stripes
  from the Jap whipping but they had faded considerably. Nevertheless I had to
  tell them how I got them which revived the unpleasant memory.  
We worked again until noon when a light lunch was brought and then we retired
  to the hut for a siesta. &quot;We don't work in the hottest part of the day,&quot; June
  explained, &quot;We have a three hour break and lie on the mattresses. Normally
  us girls get fucked a few times but I guess you'll get all the attention today.&quot; She
  was right. As soon as we'd finished eating everyone went inside and stripped
  off. Fahid put a couple of pillows under my arse and spread my legs. My bald
  cunt fascinated them and they asked many questions about it. June and Aisha
  showed me their thick growth which they believed to be a sign of mature womanhood. &quot;You
  have woman's tits and baby's cunt,&quot; June laughed. They all watched as
  Fahid entered me and fucked for quite a short while until he spurted his seed.
  After that all the men had a turn but none asked me to suck them clean afterwards,
  for which I was thankful. That seemed to be an upper-class fetish. I noticed
  the raw welts across Ash's arse when he turned to lie down and I was ashamed
  that I had been the cause of him receiving them but when I again whispered
  my apologies he just grinned.  
From three o'clock we worked on the pavement again. After being in air-conditioned
  rooms for six weeks, the heat and the manual labour began to get to me and
  by the time we finished at six I was exhausted. No one had told me what I was
  supposed to do when we finished. &quot;Where do I go Fahid?&quot; I asked as
  the others began to pack up and leave.  
&quot;I don't know,&quot; he shrugged his reply, &quot;We all have homes
  to go to.&quot;  
&quot;You can come to my home,&quot; Ash suggested, &quot;My wife will not
  mind. We'll be back in time for work in the morning.&quot; That seemed a good
  idea and I would get to see the inside of a slave worker's home. I didn't realise
  it was outside the palace walls until we had walked along a labyrinth of pathways
  that I would never find my way back, and through a side gate. No one at the
  gate challenged me; I was just another green robe slave.  
About a mile further on was a little shantytown of mud huts with corrugated
  tin roofs. Outside most stood a woman cooking on an open gas fired stove. I
  wondered why each had an identical gas appliance and Ash said there were too
  many disasters with open fires they used to have so the king provided the gas
  cylinders. Gas was a by-product of the oil industry so it was a cheap commodity.
  By the time we arrived darkness was descending in the rapid way it does in
  these parts and I could feel the chill of the night air through the robe. I'd
  heard the night temperature plummeted but so far I hadn't experienced it. Now
  I could feel what they meant. The midday temperature reached 30 degrees Celsius
  or more but at night at this time of year it fell close to freezing. Ash stopped
  at a hut and greeted his wife, &quot;Malia, we have a guest tonight. This is
  Carol from England. She has been working with us today to see how we live and
  will write it in a magazine. Carol, this is Malia, my wife.&quot;  
Malia gave me a smile and a hug. &quot;You are welcome Carol. And this is
  our daughter, she too is named Malia but we call her Little Mal.&quot; I bent
  down and gave the five or six year old girl a hug and said &quot;Hi.&quot; At
  first she turned shyly away but when I gave her another hug, she gave me the
  biggest smile I've ever seen. I tried to recapture it on camera but never quite
  succeeded. We all chatted and laughed and people from other huts wandered along
  to take a look at me. For a short while I was the star attraction for the village
  and I seemed to give Asheed and Malia some status. It ended when Malia announced
  the food was cooked and we should go inside to eat.  
A single bare electric bulb lit the one room. For a family of three, this
  was probably considered spacious. I noticed on the way here some families had
  several children but the huts were all more or less the same size. Ash informed
  me the huts were owned by the king and made to the same plan for all the slaves.
  When children grew up and took a wife or a husband, they applied to the overseer
  and in time they'd be granted a new dwelling or that of a deceased slave. &quot;Every
  house is the same so there is no favouritism,&quot; Ash said, &quot;All have
  one bed along the wall and a low table in the middle.&quot; When it was pointed
  out I knew I would be sleeping in the same bed as the others. Fitted in the
  wall with the door, were a series of alcoves that served as storage places
  for pots and utensils. &quot;I hear that people in your country go into others
  houses and steal. Here we do not do such things, the penalty is too great.
  People who take things are whipped until they bleed badly and then feet are
  cut off. Not many survive.&quot; I shuddered when Ash explained but I also
  realised the good side. I had left my laptop computer and my camera where anyone
  could take it, and it was never moved.  
The meal was a meagre one of goat stew and flatbread and I felt chastened
  that they'd shared what they had with an extra mouth and seemed to do it so
  willingly. I knew enough of their culture not to refuse or they would have
  been offended and I could offer them nothing in return. There I had no money
  and no possessions; like them I am a slave albeit a temporary one. Perhaps
  I could send photos to them via Sapphire. Malia explained the food was provided
  on the basis of their needs. She got rations for three but that was reduced
  because Ash got fed during the day at work.  
Little Mal needed to go to the toilet, which made me want to go to so Malia
  took us to the latrines. Although these were in the open, shielded from prying
  eyes only by a low wall, I could hear running water below the holes. Where
  the effluent went to I have no idea but at least there was neither smell nor
  the myriad of flies I expected.  
By late evening, the cold had started to penetrate the room and we undressed
  and retired to the one bed and pulled the coarse blankets over us. Ash took
  the outside position, alongside Malia. I lay next to her and Little Mal slept
  in my arms with her head resting on my boobs. It made me feel broody and I
  began to wonder if it was time for me to have a child of my own. Shortly after
  settling down, I felt Ash climb on top of Malia and fuck her. By now I had
  lost my inhibitions and treated that sort of behaviour as normal and when they'd
  finished we lay in the darkness chatting. &quot;Are you trying for another
  child?&quot; I asked Malia.  
&quot;No,&quot; she replied, &quot;I had so much trouble with Little Mal
  that they sterilised me but I still enjoy being fucked. Ash does too and I
  know he has the girls in his group and I would guess he had you too this morning.&quot;  
&quot;What will happen to Little Mal when she grows up? I presume she will
  be a slave as well.&quot;  
&quot;Yes but it all depends on how she develops. If she is exceptionally
  pretty, and she seems to be heading that way at the moment, she could be taken
  into the harem. That's the ultimate as far as girl slaves are concerned and
  even for a few of the boys. They are treated far better than work slaves as
  you have no doubt found out,&quot; Malia explained.  
&quot;Yes, but the treatment can also be painful too, again as I have found
  out.&quot;  
&quot;Work slaves get whipped too. The next best thing is to get to be a
  domestic slave and work inside the palace but if that fails, then it's manual
  work usually outside in the fields. That's a much harder life. I have to spend
  part of the day clearing the irrigation channels that supply the water to here
  and the palace.&quot;  
&quot;Will she get to choose a husband? Did you choose Ash?&quot;  
&quot;More or less.&quot;  
&quot;Because I was by far the most handsome man,&quot; Ash interrupted.  
&quot;There were a limited number of men I could choose from,&quot; Malia
  went on after nudging Ash with her elbows, &quot;And after trying a couple
  of others, I settled on Ash. He settled on me so we became husband and wife
  and we were lucky in getting this house almost straight away. Mal will probably
  get a similar choice when she becomes a woman unless she becomes a harem slave
  and they don't get husbands until the are of no use in the harem. Often by
  then it is too late for them to have children.&quot;  
&quot;With the bigger families, do they all sleep in the one bed? Do the
  parents do it in front of the older children?&quot;  
Malia laughed. &quot;Of course, how else would they learn? It's taboo to
  do it with your own children but they get to watch and they accept it as a
  normal part of life. Little Mal sees us but it doesn't affect her at all. I
  remember watching my father and mother do it but only seemed to take my notice
  when they did it differently to the usual way. My mother told me several times
  to be sure and do it in different ways to keep a man's interest especially
  when the man has girls he can screw at work.&quot;  
We talked 'girl talk' for a while longer and then Malia drifted into sleep.
  I lay awake for a long while; the coarse texture of the blanket rubbed my skin
  and Little Mal moved against me from time to time. Eventually I too slept until
  I was awaked by a handbell being rung in the street and the exaltations of
  the night watchman to arise. It was hardly dawn but already people were making
  their way to the latrines and readying themselves for work.  
Malia got the gas burner going and made hot and sweet apple tea. We didn't
  have anything to eat but I remembered the manual workers had breakfast after
  labouring for two hours. All too soon I had to give Malia and Little Mal a
  hug and a kiss and leave with Ash. We chatted about the day ahead and I was
  looking forward to my stint doing housework.  
All the euphoria of my stay with Ash was shattered when we passed through
  the gate. Immediately we were grabbed by uniformed guards, handcuffed and marched
  to a room within the guardhouse.  
&quot;So at last we find the runaway slave and her accomplice,&quot; Zack
  the guard commander smiled evilly, &quot;We've spent the whole night looking
  for you Harem Slave Carol. The king is most annoyed and ordered us to give
  you a good caning when we found you. The men have been up all night and seeing
  a white woman thrashed will compensate them for the extra work they've had
  to put in. I'm sure the king will wish your accomplice thrashed too. Strip
  them!&quot; Despite my protests and pleas to speak with the king or Sapphire,
  our clothing was quickly removed and I was fastened to a whipping bench and
  Ash to a post.  
&quot;No&quot; No! No!&quot; I screamed, &quot;I'm going home soon and I
  mustn't be marked or scarred.&quot;  
&quot;Then you shouldn't have tried to escape.&quot;  
&quot;Please don't do this without consulting the king.&quot;  
&quot;The king's orders were given last night when you didn't report to the
  household chamberlain. He told me personally to find you and when I did I was
  to cane you. I don't need further orders. Your capture is being reported to
  him now.&quot;  
Fastened to the whipping bench I was helpless to do anything. Vaguely I heard
  Ash appealing to him first in English and then in another language but it was
  to no avail. &quot;This is the cane we use on runaway slaves,&quot; he grinned
  as he swished a fearsome looking stick through the air and then brought it
  down on my backside. I screamed at the top of my voice but it was almost drowned
  by the clapping of the assembled guards. Zack waited for what seemed a long
  while and then repeated the stroke. I screamed with the intense pain but the
  clapping went on. By the eighth stroke I almost passed out. I did not know
  how I could stand any more but the commander did not seem to be worried. He
  kept smiling and joking with the others in the room. My voice was too hoarse
  to yell at the ninth stroke and I just lay there.  
Gradually I noticed the clapping had ceased and a voice I knew was speaking. &quot;Enough
  commander. Put the cane away. Release her.&quot; Sapphire had entered the room.
  She'd been up all night waiting for news of me.  
&quot;I take orders from the king not you,&quot; Zack stood his ground.  
&quot;If you hit her once more I'll see you get double each day for a week
  commander. Risk that if you will.&quot;  
&quot;What about the accomplice?&quot; Zack wanted his pound of flesh.  
I heard enough to plead with Sapphire not to allow it. &quot;We'll wait until
  we know the story. I cannot believe she ran away so near to the end of her
  stay especially as there is no where for her to run to. You two help her to
  the clinic and another two bring that man.&quot; In the end when they found
  I couldn't stand, one guard quite gently put me over his shoulder and carried
  me.  
Of the next half an hour I have only disjointed recollections. The guard
  carefully laid me on a bed and I felt the nurse swabbing my welts and when
  she dropped one I saw blood on it. The nurse saw the look on my face and said
  quietly, &quot;You are not cut too badly, the water is spreading the blood.&quot;  
Ash was being questioned by Sapphire and looking very ill at ease. I called
  her over or at least I croaked and signalled to her. &quot;Don't let them hurt
  him please,&quot; I begged in a low voice, &quot;He only tried to help when
  I had no place to go. He looked after me when Fahid didn't want to know.&quot;  
&quot;That's what he's told me,&quot; Sapphire replied. &quot;Fahid should
  have waited with you until someone from the household staff came to take you.
  When the girl arrived everyone had gone and although she looked around you
  were nowhere to be seen. She reported it to the chamberlain who informed the
  king directly. He assumed you'd gone off somewhere on your own and when a search
  of the palace didn't find you he was very angry and ordered the caning when
  you were caught. You'd been told not to go outside the palace walls. He didn't
  expect you to just walk back in.&quot;  
&quot;What's my arse like Sapphire? The truth now. It must be bad; I can
  hardly stand the pain.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry, it's not good. You'll carry the marks for a long while. The
  nurse is doing what she can but we'll have to await the king's orders before
  she can give you pain relief. You had a punishment caning and pain is part
  of it.&quot;  
&quot;What about Asheed?&quot;  
Sapphire stood. &quot;Guard escort Asheed back to his workplace and inform
  Fahid there is to be no penalty for his not being at work earlier. We'll question
  Fahid about his part in this later.&quot; I gave Ash a little wave as he was
  led away and he came over and apologised once more and said he hadn't thought
  any of this would happen when he offered to take me home.  
&quot;Give my love to Malia and Little Mal,&quot; I whispered as he left.  
Sitting again Sapphire whispered, &quot;I'll do what I can to get the king
  to visit but he's stubborn as you know.&quot;  
She was as good as her word and an hour later King Joshua arrived in the
  clinic. &quot;Well my little English journalist, you do seem prone to getting
  yourself into scrapes. You will certainly remember your two months with us
  for the rest of your life.&quot; We talked about my night out and my time in
  the palace in general for twenty minutes with him totally ignoring my pain
  cries each time I moved.  
Finally he rose and said, &quot;Nurse, do what you can to relieve her pain.&quot; As
  soon as he'd gone I felt a prick in my arm and sleep overcame me.  
It was late evening before I awoke and to my surprise Jim sat alongside by
  the bedside. &quot;You shouldn't be here,&quot; I murmured.  
&quot;It's okay. I've had special permission.&quot; He held my hand, &quot;How
  you feeling now?&quot;  
&quot;Bloody sore, of course. What does my bum look like?&quot;  
&quot;Can't see anything, it's covered with a dressing.&quot;  
&quot;That's not good is it?&quot; It was a statement as well as a question.
  Jim agreed. I wondered just how badly the skin was broken and if it would heal
  before I was due to return. &quot;They're talking about extending your stay
  by ten days and letting you fly back with me. You won't be a slave during the
  extra time though. You'll be a guest and can order us slaves to perform for
  you.&quot; He gave a little laugh and I knew exactly what he meant.  
Chapter 10. My final days as a slave   
Two days later I pleaded to be allowed to return to the harem. Having the
  company of others was better than being more or less alone in the clinic. Nurse
  didn't permit me to work. For three more days I wore a dressing which made
  me look like a baby in Pampers and night and morning I had to report to the
  nurse for it to be changed and, more embarrassingly, an enema. She didn't want
  me to put any strain on the welts and open them up again. I was horrified at
  the state of my arse and needed a great deal of convincing that it would ever
  go back to normal. However comparing it with the photo Nurse took soon after
  she cleaned me up a little, I could see that it was healing.  
I thought I should try and get my notes up to date as I had neglected them
  for a few days and found that I could kneel with several cushions under my
  arse, and use my laptop. I was within a few hours of the end of my official
  slavery when the king passed through Sapphire's office and stopped to talk
  with me. He confirmed that I would have ten days as a guest and would fly home
  with Jim. I would then be in a better condition to sit through the long flights.
  He asked if there was anything else I wanted to do or see while I was there. &quot;I'd
  actually like to see what the house slaves do but Nurse won't let me do any
  physical work yet. Can I spend a day observing them when I'm a guest?&quot;  
&quot;Get Sapphire to arrange it,&quot; he replied and then went on, &quot;And
  seeing you are still a slave, report to my room tonight. It's time you had
  a prick in you again.&quot; My face must have shown my horror at the thought
  for her went on, &quot;I'll try not to open your wounds. Join me for dinner
  at 6:30.&quot;  
I knew he had a private dining room but rarely dined alone and that frequently
  harem slaves had to sit under the table and orally service the guests while
  they ate. For some reason I had never been asked to perform this service under
  the king's table but I had several times at the boardroom table when the cabinet
  met. This thought was reinforced when Sapphire informed me that three of us
  slaves would attend the king that evening. By now I had become inured to drinking
  piss from both men and women. I can't say I enjoyed it but it didn't bother
  me overmuch.  
Sapphire took us to the empty, western style dining room with a high table
  and normal size chairs. &quot;Make yourselves comfortable on the cushions,&quot; she
  said indicating the pile already under the table. &quot;You know what to do.
  When a man or woman opens his or her robe you start sucking. Men have priority.
  Carol you are to service the king exclusively. Be sure to do exactly what he
  wants as I have a feeling he will try and humiliate you a bit seeing he will
  not have too much chance after this. Swallow whatever comes; semen or urine.
  You all should know what to do by now.&quot; Indeed I did know. I well remembered
  the first time when I'd spluttered some of the piss over the agricultural minister's
  robe and the consequences afterwards. Willy not only strapped my arse I been
  forced to attend him three times and drink his water until he was sure I would
  do it without choking. Maria, who had thought my training with her had solved
  the problem, gave me further lessons. However it was not something I had done
  since my last visit to Brenda and Ken Wilson's room. It had seemed so much
  more embarrassing to do it with people who were friends. After Ken had used
  me as his toilet, Brenda used Jim for the same purpose. He seemed much more
  used to it than I was.  
Sapphire checked we were all in position and left and bade us to be quiet.
  Some ten minutes later, the king and his entourage came in. The king sat at
  the head of the table and two men either side had their wives or mistresses
  with them. All three men immediately opened their robes and embedded their
  pricks in a slave's mouth. I performed on the king as well as I could but even
  with a cushion under me I almost bit him when pain shot from my arse through
  my body. Fortunately I controlled my teeth and he didn't seem to notice. Very
  quickly I found my mouth full of his seed and eased up when his prick went
  soft. I felt a little pressure on my neck and knew I had to keep my mouth in
  place. Moments later a short spurt of piss heralded a further steady stream,
  but I was able to cope with it without a problem and then continued to gently
  suck the flaccid prick.  
Doors opened and closed as waiters brought in the food. The guests talked
  quietly but I was unable to make out much of their conversation. It was then
  that I heard the king's voice raised above the others. &quot;Sapphire find
  Slave Carol. I ordered her to attend me at dinner tonight. I hope for her sake
  she hasn't run away to the slave quarters again tonight.&quot;  
I didn't hear Sapphire's reply but the corner of the tablecloth was lifted
  and her face appeared. &quot;Come out Carol,&quot; she ordered, &quot;You're
  the wrong side of the table tonight.&quot; If it was a deliberate plan, and
  I think it was, it succeeded in humiliating me far more than if I had been
  left under the table; an anonymous slave performing slave duties. Now I had
  to show myself to everyone and they all knew what I had been doing. I must
  have blushed scarlet for it caused some laughter amongst the assembled ladies
  and gentlemen.  
&quot;Sit down Carol. Sorry you've missed our first course but I know you
  had a snack and drink.&quot; The remarks caused some laughter as the king indicated
  I should sit alongside him. I couldn't help but let out a slight cry as my
  arse touched the chair seat. &quot;Get yourself another cushion if you wish.&quot; King
  Joshua sounded magnanimous.  
&quot;Can we see why she is in discomfort sir?&quot; asked one of the wives.  
&quot;I'm sure she won't mind.&quot; At the king's nod I turned as showed
  them the welts but the woman wanted a closer look and when I was near enough
  she prodded and touched them just to see my reaction. I couldn't help but wince. &quot;You
  really did have some hard ones this time,&quot; the woman commented.  
&quot;She only had part of the thrashing she would have gotten if Sapphire
  hadn't shown up and stopped it,&quot; the king answered on my behalf. &quot;Sit
  down now Carol please. Let's get on with our meal.&quot;  
I felt very out of place sitting alongside well-dressed people wearing only
  my revealing slave costume. However, no one remarked on it and much of the
  conversation was directed at me. We discussed my life in the harem and compared
  it with life at home. King Joshua and the ladies had seen copies of HiYa with
  my articles although I hadn't been granted that privilege. &quot;Do you not
  mind half the world seeing you near naked with stripes on your tits or bottom?&quot; a
  lady asked. This led to a discussion with me at the centre. From their remarks
  I guess Yvonne had printed some very explicit photos of me with only the minimum
  of blurring. I wondered how many of the other slaves' pictures she had included.  
&quot;I hope the magazine doesn't get sent to Japan otherwise there might
  be repercussions from the Moyoto Oil Company after your comments on the sadistic
  way they treated you and slave Jim particularly. The picture of his penis was
  particularly graphic.&quot; It was the trade minister who made the comment.  
&quot;I've no doubt they will see it and for that reason I allowed it to
  be sent.&quot; The king thought for a moment before going on. &quot;I spent
  quite some time thinking about it and decided that at the very least the Japanese
  embassy in London would get a copy and send it on. There would probably be
  protests from them but I felt it would stop them doing the same again. I have
  already informed the company that if they sent a delegation next year, they
  could only use the slaves for normal purposes.&quot;  
Perhaps some good had come out of my thrashing.  
Towards the dessert course I wondered what would happen if I opened my robe.
  Would Silvia or Trixie perform on me? I knew I would be low on the pecking
  order but maybe the others would have been satisfied by now. Straightaway a
  tongue found my cunt and sucked and licked me to a climax, a climax I had great
  difficulty in concealing from those around the table.  
&quot;You were very naughty at dinner Carol,&quot; the king remarked when
  we were alone in his bedroom. &quot;Did you really think you could get yourself
  off with a slave under the table and no one notice?&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Sir, I didn't think anyone would mind.&quot;  
Fortunately the king smiled and said, &quot;I will have to punish you of
  course.&quot; My face fell; I didn't think I could take any more punishments.
  Tears sprang to my eyes but he went on, &quot;Seeing that cunt of yours is
  desirous of stimulation, I shall have to ram my cock into it and give it a
  good reaming.&quot; He bade me get on my knees on the bed and took me from
  the rear with more thought for his pleasure than for the pain he caused to
  my arse. I had tears in my eyes again by the time he finished but he didn't
  apologise; after all I was still only a slave. We talked for a short while
  and then drifted off into sleep. He took me again in the morning, this time

  in the missionary position which again hurt but I did get to climax so I accepted
  it without complaint.  
Over breakfast we discussed what I could and could not do when in a few hours
  time I would be a free woman and a guest at the palace. I would have a room
  at my disposal and I could order slaves to service me. I could go and say good
  bye to Malia and Little Mal provided the king and the guards knew in advance
  about the visit, otherwise I would have to keep within the palace area. In
  the end I decided to sleep in my bed in the slave dormitory unless I needed
  a room to be alone with Jim and to remain as a 'free slave' living in the harem
  quarters as I had done for the past few months. I would wear the gold sash
  and would not be obliged to fulfil requests from other palace staff or be disciplined
  by Willy except on the express orders of the king.  
Over the past weeks I had grown to love the camaraderie of life with the
  other slaves and it was going to be hard to live alone again when I returned
  to England. In any case I only had the one set of normal clothing that I arrived
  in and which I would need for the return journey. I had no money to buy anything
  although I might have been able to persuade Sapphire to provide me with a dress
  allowance.  
The king had an early appointment so when I returned to the harem there was
  still ten minutes or so gym. I could have skipped it but, despite the pain
  it caused, I knew my that in general my body was in better shape than when
  I arrived. Having been in the clinic and under Nurse's orders I missed gym
  for a week. Coach ordered me to bend over when I went in and he inspected my
  welts. &quot;You jog round room to warm up, then we do exercises,&quot; he
  ordered. I soon regretted my decision to go to gym!  
Later that evening Sapphire announced to all the harem slaves present that
  I was now free of slavery but would be staying with them for another week or
  so.  
As usual in the afternoon I typed my 'diary' and worked on my next article
  when Sapphire casually remarked that my friends Brenda and Ken Wilson were
  leaving for home in two days. &quot;Can I use your phone to contact them please,&quot; I
  asked.  
&quot;Of course. You're free now and technically a guest.&quot;  
Brenda answered and I asked if we could spend the evening together. &quot;Certainly,&quot; she
  replied, &quot;Would you like me to book Jim as well?&quot; I quickly agreed
  to that suggestion. As it turned out, Brenda wanted Jim's prick, as it would
  be the last chance she'd have &quot;Unless you two agree to swap when we're
  back home,&quot; she added. Jim and I had not discussed our living arrangements
  but Brenda had taken it as a foregone conclusion that we would live together.
  I guessed she was right. Jim had given up his place when he went abroad and
  I still had my house at least I hoped Yvonne had paid the rent each month as
  she'd promised and my neighbour had kept an eye on things. I also had my bargain
  to keep with Ken.  
I made Ken almost beg to fuck me before I allowed him. &quot;I'm no longer
  a slave,&quot; I said, &quot;You'll have to woo me now.&quot; He took it in
  good part and we had a laugh at his efforts to persuade me to undress.  
Chapter 11. My day with the kitchen slaves.   
Three days later I thought I was up to working as a household slave provided
  they realised I could not do heavy work and would not be subjected to further
  punishment. Consequently at 5 a.m. the following morning a eunuch came and
  took me to meet Georgina in the main kitchen. She was a large, stern looking
  woman possibly of Turkish origin. She looked at me with some disdain but she'd
  obviously been told I was no longer a slave and now had access to the king
  so she tried to hide it. As usual I had been taken naked from my bed and brought
  to the kitchen area. All the staff could see my badly welted arse and the marks
  that still showed on my tits. They caused a lot of comment. I was given the
  white and blue stripe robe of the kitchen staff and handed over to Isla a junior
  supervisor. I was glad as Isla was much friendlier and seemed concerned over
  the work I could do after such a beating. &quot;It is rare for anyone to be
  caned here but most days someone catches a good dose of the strap from Georgina,&quot; she
  informed me. With my luck I guessed it might be me had I still been a slave.  
She set me to helping arrange the dishes with the breakfast foods and with
  her sense of humour sent me to serving them to the harem girls and boys. Many
  of the harem slaves considered themselves far superior to work slaves and would
  treat them very demandingly and demeaningly. Cass was one of these and seeing
  me, thought she would try and complain about my service. I bowed my head as
  if bowing to her but said, &quot;Perhaps Cass I will invite you to service
  me tonight and then complain to Willie of your incompetence.&quot;  
&quot;You wouldn't dare,&quot; she hissed.  
I looked her in the eyes and replied, &quot;I take dares.&quot;  
Later in the morning I asked Isla if I could go with the lunch trolley to
  the outside workers. After some hesitation she agreed but I couldn't go alone
  because I might not find them or find my way back. Remembering the pasageways
  I had gone through to get to the site, I knew she was right. Ash looked up
  as I arrived. He seemed to be in charge of the gang now. Fahid was nowhere
  to be seen. When I questioned Ash he said Fahid had been demoted and moved
  to another work gang because he should have stayed and made sure I was sent
  to the right place. &quot;How's your arse now?&quot; he enquired, &quot;It
  was horrible watching you being thrashed for something that was as much my
  fault as yours.&quot; I showed him and the rest of the crew.  
&quot;I've got the king's permission to visit with you again before I leave
  but I have to have an escort.&quot; By now my guide was anxious to return as
  she had no wish to be punished for taking too long so I had to leave them.  
Much of the day was spent in routine kitchen work; cleaning, cooking and
  putting out the food for the meals. When I arrived back in the kitchen after
  delivering flatbread to the staff dining room, Georgina was roundly berating
  one poor slave girl. It appeared that she had mistakenly put two tablespoons
  of spice in the soup instead of two teaspoons and had ruined the whole pan
  full. The young girl, probably no more than thirteen years old, was sobbing
  and pleading that's how much she'd been told to put in. I was sorry for the
  girl but knew there was nothing I could do to stop the inevitable punishment. &quot;She'll
  really catch it,&quot; Isla whispered to me, &quot;Georgina's in a real bad
  mood today.&quot;  
Minutes later, she was ordered to remove her robe and lie down on the punishment
  bench. Seeing her naked confirmed my suspicions that she was very young. He
  breasts had barely started to form and there was little evidence of pubic hair.
  For a few moments she just stood there shaking until others helped her to the
  bench and fastened her down.  
&quot;Thank goodness she's going to use the lightest strap,&quot; Isla said
  in an undertone. It didn't look very light to me and neither did she lay it
  on lightly. The poor wretch was soon screaming her little heart out but that
  didn't affect Georgina. She laid on a dozen hard strokes before ordering her
  to be released. As luck would have it she staggered towards me before she started
  to fall. I caught her and without asking half carried her to the washroom.
  I was sobbing in sympathy with her as I removed my robe and laid her face down
  on the floor of the shower. Half an hour of letting the water run over her
  bruised arse seemed to ease the pain enough for her to stand.  
I found out that by coincidence her name was the same as mine. I gently dried
  her and between her sobs she thanked me profusely. &quot;Do they usually put
  anything on to ease the pain,&quot; I asked.  
&quot;No, there is nothing here for us, only the water. She will be even
  more angry if we don't get back soon.&quot;  
Using my new position as a free woman, I used to internal phone and asked
  Willy to send someone with the tube of cream Nurse had given me for my arse.
  I no longer really needed it. Ten minutes later a eunuch arrived with it and
  I took young Carol out of Georgina's sight and put the cream on. Georgina didn't
  seem pleased when we returned and snapped, &quot;Since you seem to be looking
  after her, you'd better take her place at the staff serving table.&quot; Actually
  this was a good option even if I had to work quite hard. Being small, Carol
  wasn't actually able to serve but was kept busy replenishing dishes and removing
  empty ones. Several of the staff I knew, spoke and commented on my role.  
I rather cattily suggested to one of the wives who remarked on my slumming
  it again, &quot;You should try it for a day too,&quot; but I knew she never
  would.  
By the end of the day I was tired and ready for bed but I did put in a request
  for Cass to attend me in the guestroom I'd been allocated the following evening.
  Poor girl looked worried when we met at gym the next morning but she didn't
  say anything. Several times during the day I noticed her whispering with her
  friends and looking at me especially when we were in the pool area. Nurse had
  agreed that I could use it once again and I believe it did help to relieve
  some of the muscle tension there.  
After dinner that evening I nodded to Cass and she followed me to the room. &quot;Are
  you really going to complain to Willy?&quot; she asked almost as soon as we
  entered. Her voice revealed her concern that I might deliberately complain
  just to see her punished.  
&quot;That depends on your performance, Cass but in any case I am going to
  warm your bottom a little before we start. Remove your robe.&quot; I watched
  her body closely as she peeled off the harem dress. Although I'd see it many
  times before, I hadn't studied it closely. Cass was far bigger than me and
  could easily have overpowered me and yet I felt safe in the knowledge that
  she dare not do anything to harm or disobey me. I was no longer a slave. &quot;Help
  me off with my robe, if you please Cass,&quot; I ordered. When I too was naked
  I had her lie down on the bed in a spread-eagled position. Every guestroom
  has a cabinet with drawers to store clothing but always the top right hand
  drawer is filled with sex toys provided by the management so guests can make
  full use of the slaves provided. From the drawer I took two pairs of cuffs
  and fastened Cass' arms and legs to the corner posts.  
&quot;Cass, you tried to humiliate me yesterday morning, now I'm going to
  return the favour. However, I am not really going to hurt you, not like Willy
  would. I saw enough of that yesterday.&quot; I related the story of young Carol's
  punishment. &quot;What I am going to do is warm your tits and cunt and arse
  a little and make you service me in the way you've been trained to do.&quot;  
&quot;Please Mistress Carol, I didn't mean to offend you. I was only having
  a little laugh.&quot;  
&quot;In doing so you forgot that the kitchen slaves are people too. Slaves
  just as you are. Only their work is different.&quot; From the drawer I took
  a light, soft suede flogger. It would sting but not seriously hurt even if
  swung with full force. Cass's face showed signs of relief when she saw it.
  She knew I could have chosen the single tail whip, or the crop or a vicious
  thin cane.  
Her tits were my first targets. They were nicely formed but not as large
  as mine. Methodically I worked the flogger over each one without using any
  great force until they were flushed with a deep red colour and were quite tender.
  Cass moaned at their treatment but didn't yell out until I started kneading
  them and suckling her nipples. Then I think the groans were part pleasure and
  part pain.  
My attention now turned to her cunt. From previous experience I knew flogging
  a woman's sex organ was painful but many guests delighted in doing it to 'tenderise
  the meat' before entry. This seemed to be the main use of the suede flogger
  although one man did use the crop on me. Raising her arse with a couple of
  pillows so her cunt was above the mattress, I proceeded to cover the whole
  of her sex and the inside of her thighs with light strokes until she was bucking
  and squirming with each one. Her juices flowed from her slit and I felt the
  urge to taste them. Consequently I climbed on her and laid myself in the sixty-nine
  position with my wet cunt in her face. She needed no orders to insert her tongue
  into me while I lapped at her.  
After I climaxed I felt the need to pee and knowing all harem slaves were
  trained from a young age to perform this service for both men and women, I
  placed myself over her mouth and let forth my stream. It seemingly went straight
  into her stomach, something I couldn't do even with the training I had.  
&quot;It's your bottom's turn now for treatment Cass,&quot; I informed her
  as I removed the cuffs and allowed her to turn over. &quot;I'm not going to
  restrain you this time. Just hold yourself in position while I make it nice
  and tender. It won't be anything like my blue-black bum but it will be nicely
  pink or red.&quot; Without a word she turned and lay with her stomach raised
  on the pillows, her legs spread and her arse well displayed for the flogger's
  attention. I knew by now she was getting off on the light whippings I was giving
  her and despite my earlier thoughts of humiliating her, I decided to accede
  to her desires and flogged her until the whole arse area was well reddened.
  Seeing she was nearly ready to cum I took two vibrators from the drawer and
  worked one into her cunt and the other into her arsehole. They hadn't been
  going very many seconds before she cried out her climax.  
&quot;Leave them in,&quot; I ordered when I took her place on the bed, &quot;And
  use your tongue to give me a good time.&quot; Cass was an expert, not only
  did she use her mouth but at the same time, her fingers probed and stimulated
  me until I'd had several orgasms and lay exhausted. Cass too was done in and
  curled up alongside me, cradling me like a baby. We slept until early morning.  
&quot;Are you going to complain to Willy now?&quot; Cass asked with a smile, &quot;Did
  I perform well enough for you Mistress?&quot;  
&quot;I never intended to complain Cass. I just couldn't resist your dare.&quot; We
  lay and talked until it was time to go to gym.  
My evening visit to Malia went well. I was able to scrounge some food from
  the kitchen and was taken by car to the mud house. That in itself caused quite
  a stir. No one except officials came to the slave township by car. Ash greeted
  me with a hug while Little Mal tugged and felt the fine material of my harem
  dress. Malia and I kissed and we all chatted while the food was prepared. As
  before, the sight of me in my harem dress and the car outside, drew many visitors
  but we were left alone when we went inside to eat. I had a tearful departure
  when Little Mal tried not to let me go. I too was sorry to leave them and promised
  to put a word in with the king about taking the little girl into the palace
  when she was old enough.  
On the evening of my departure King Joshua requested my presence at his table
  for dinner. Sapphire gave me a clean harem robe and allowed me to put my make-up
  in order. &quot;You won't be doing under table service today. You're a guest
  and you won't have to service him afterwards unless you want to. He'll have

  to seduce you like he did at the embassy if he wants to get his prick inside
  you. If you want, you could try and play hard to get but it would be a nice
  gesture to end your stay and show your appreciation for granting you the chance
  to see what life here is like.&quot; My first thoughts were for all the punishment
  sessions and pain I'd had but I did remember all the pleasures too and agreed
  to go along with the idea.  
Almost as soon as we sat down I noticed the king opened his robe. Shamelessly
  I did the same and shortly afterwards I felt a mouth close over my cunt and
  a tongue thrust inside. I had no idea, which the slaves were on table duty
  that evening, but it had a masculine feel to it. The king and I openly flirted
  in front of the other two couples during the meal and of course I ended up
  in his bed. Near the end of our time together I asked, &quot;Will you allow
  me to visit you again?&quot;  
&quot;Do you think Jim will allow it?&quot; he countered.  
&quot;Perhaps, if we can both come.&quot; I laughed  
&quot;Only if you agree to be short stay harem slaves again.&quot;  
&quot;We might well do that too.&quot; I tried to laugh but my voice was
  serious. I knew I would jump at the chance.  
Before we left, I begged to be allowed to keep a harem dress to take with
  me as a memento of my stay and Sapphire granted my request. &quot;Wouldn't
  you like a strap too?&quot; she laughed, &quot;You did seem to have a particular
  fondness for them.&quot; I declined.  
Yvonne picked us up at the airport and wanted to take us out to dinner but
  we were tired because of the time change and our welts were sore from the chafing
  of our hard clothing. Jim had to be supplied with new trousers because he'd
  lost a lot of weight during his stay. I guess Coach had done him some good.
  We just wanted a shower and bed. I hardly heard Yvonne as she rambled on how
  sales of HiYa had rocketed. There'd been some complaints that the magazine
  was now soft porn but she didn't mind when that was set against the sales.
  The complaints probably boosted the sales figures further. &quot;If you feel
  up to it, come into the office tomorrow and say hello to the staff. They've
  all enjoyed your articles and the pictures especially those I didn't dare publish.
  Bring your boyfriend along too,&quot; Yvonne said as she dropped us off and
  my house.  
&quot;I'll wear my harem dress if you can control the rest of the staff!
  Sorry Jim didn't bring one and in any case he's now mine!&quot; I giggled my
  reply. &quot;And I will expect a rise in pay after all I went through to get
  the story.&quot;  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





