BDSM Library - Fifth of July Hangover




Fifth of July Hangover
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Leanne should have studied harder, but I'm glad she didn't.Fifth of July Hangover   
by   
Deputy Duffy   
It was Independence Day when I got a phone message from my Aunt Peg.
    When I heard her whiny voice, I knew she wasn't wishing me a happy fourth
    or inviting me over for a cookout. She seemed to call only when she needed
    something. I wish that included something provocative, since she looked and
    dressed sort of like Peg Bundy, and that would have fulfilled a couple of
    long-standing fantasies of mine. But usually it was just some sort of household
    repair or baby-sitting duty. She was a single mom, and I knew what that was
    like. So, as much as I didn't want to, I returned the call. 
 
  And then, next morning, sporting my fifth of July hangover, I made the two-hour
  trip, plumbing tools in tow. 
 
  The plumbing problem was easy to fix, just a hairball in the bathroom drain.
  My aunt offered me a much needed cup of Joe, so we went back to the kitchen.
  I walked behind her, admiring her black stretch pants and her way-too-high-to-be-sauntering-around-the-house-in
  high heels. Yeah, it was a strange feeling to be lusting after one's Aunt.
  But I'm not even sure if we we're still related. My dad's been married four
  times, and I've lost track of who's who on his side of the family. I keep hoping
  that one day she'll invite me over and offer to clean out MY pipe. 
 
  After some small talk, she started on about her kids. Being a 30-year-old single
  male, I tend to stop listening when people talk about their kids. I try not
  to be rude, but I don't really care how many goals Adam scored in his soccer
  game. I was too busy sipping my coffee and enjoying her sweater-covered assets
  to hear much, although my ears perked up when she brought up her oldest daughter,
  Leanne, who had just graduated from high school, and who'd been giving her
  fits, lately, even being brought home by the police. 
 
&quot;Will you go next door and help me out&hellip;? I'm desperate.&quot; She
finished by placing her hand on my knee, her face inches from mine, her perfume
tickling my senses. 
 
  My mind started screaming, &quot;Desperate women do desperate things.&quot; I
  nodded my head and puckered my lips. Next thing I know I'm being pushed out
  the front door. 
 
&quot;Thanks,&quot; she said, as she shut the door behind me. 
 
&quot;What the fuck!&quot; I muttered, shaking my head. I thought, &quot;That
never happens to my alter ego, Deputy Duffy.&quot; 
 
  I stood in front of the next-door neighbor's house for several minutes. I was
  still trying to regain my composure. I knew the girl that lived there and my
  cousin are best friends, and then I remembered that I had been there once a
  couple of years ago, to change the locks after the lady of the house threw
  her husband out, but for the life of me I couldn't think of her first name.
  The door suddenly opened, and she waved me in. 
 
&quot;Ah, hi there Mrs. Parker,&quot; I managed, with a wave, at least remembering
her simple last name. 
 
&quot;Come in, Steve, I've been waiting for yah,&quot; she said, with a smile. &quot;Nice
to see yah again.&quot; 
 
&quot;Yeah, been a while,&quot; I said, feeling awkward as hell, as I entered
her house. 
 
  Mrs. Parker had she'd lost a few pounds since I last saw her, but, in a simple
  summer dress, she still looked like the proverbial housewife. She led me into
  the kitchen, where I saw Leanne sitting at the table. 
 
&quot;Hey, Steven...,what are you doing here?&quot; Leanne said, with a scrunched
face. 
 
&quot;I-I-I,&quot; I, ah, stammered. I still didn't really know that either.
I just stalled while she stared at me. 
 
&quot;Well, why don't we go into the living room,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, ending
my desperate mumbling. 
 
  I walked into the living room, and Mrs. Parker told me to have a seat. I settled
  into an old fashion wooden rocking chair, while Mrs. Parker took a seat on
  her couch, just off to my left. With a snap of her fingers, she had Leanne
  standing in front of her, her left profile toward me. Leanne was a cute brunette
  with &quot;girl next door&quot; qualities. She was dressed simply in blue jeans,
  a small white top (that she filled out well), and a pair of black, high-heeled
  boots. She had blossomed quite nicely in the couple of years since I'd seen
  her last. Little did I know I was about to find out just how much. 
 
&quot;Now that we are in position, are you ready to begin your punishment?&quot; Mrs.
Parker asked. 
 
  I found myself rocking steadily back and forth. I don't know if it was nerves
  or just the simple fact that it was a long time since I'd sat in a rocking
  chair, and it was kind of fun. Leanne looked down at the floor and nodded her
  head. 
 
&quot;Ok, then, let's get started,&quot; Mrs. Parker said. She leaned back, crossed
her legs, and said a simple word: &quot;Strip.&quot; 
 
&quot;What?&quot; Leanne screeched. My rocking came to a sudden stop, as I was
asking myself the same thing. 
 
&quot;You have a hearing problem?&quot; Mrs. Parker snapped. 
 
&quot;You can't be serious!&quot; 
 
&quot;I am.&quot; 
 
&quot;No way.... I'm 18 -- almost 19 -- I ain't no baby.&quot; 
 
  I started rocking again, and I'm pretty sure my rocking was from nerves now. 
 
&quot;You agreed to be punished by me, for your sins, while your mother punished
Hillary, and already you're balking at my first command!&quot; Mrs. Parker barked. 
 
&quot;B-b-but I&hellip;ah&hellip;didn't think.... I mean, I'm a woman now.&quot; 
 
&quot;I thought you knew this was going to be a bare bottom spanking. After all,
your mother had no problem stripping Hillary to the skin and giving her a good
one.&quot; 
 
&quot;B-b-but that was dif&hellip;. Nu-uh, she would've told me.... And what
about him?&quot; Leanne (seemingly flustered) said, pointing, but never looking
my way. 
 
&quot;He will help me with the spanking, 'cause I have bad wrists&hellip;arthritis.&quot; 
 
&quot;He's going to spank me?&quot; Leanne squealed. 
 
  My rocking stopped. I, too, waited for the answer. 
 
&quot;Yeah, that's why your mother called him. She knew it would be extra embarrassing
for yah, and it might just teach you a lesson this time. Now, no more arguing;
get going.&quot; 
 
  I was shocked, but at least I knew why I was there now -- mostly for embarrassment
  purposes. Still, my heart was racing. I don't really have a spanking fetish,
  but I was already picturing her stripped naked, cousin or not. 
 
&quot;I can't believe this,&quot; Leanne said, as she pulled off her left boot. &quot;Unbelievable,&quot; followed
the right one. &quot;But I'm only taking these off,&quot; she stated, while wiggling
out off her tight blue jeans. It was a struggle, but they were finally wrapped
around her ankles. With a kick, they slid across the hardwood floor. 
 
&quot;But, I don't have to take this off," she said with a snap of her waistband. "Because
it's a thong.&quot; 
 
  Yes, it was...a nice black one. I still couldn't see much, but I knew it was
  only a matter of time. I chuckled inside, feeling like a dirty old man and
  noticing that I was instinctively rubbing my palms together. 
 
&quot;Let's get this over with,&quot; Leanne sighed. 
 
&quot;Well, who died and left you boss?&quot; Mrs. Parker hissed, and then she
crossed her arms. &quot;I said, 'strip, girl.' Now get going, and don't stop
until you're in your birthday suit.&quot; 
 
  I cheered inside, but tried not to smile. 
 
&quot;Are you insane?&quot; Leanne quickly cried out, as if she finally realized
Mrs. Parker's intentions. She looked at me, and then she added, huffily, &quot;Yeah,
like that's happening.&quot; 
 
  She bent down and picked up her jeans, whereupon Mrs. Parker jumped up from
  the couch. Leanne seeing this, raced for the door, while trying to step into
  her jeans at the same time. I stood up and turned to watch the pursuit. It
  was a short one. After a couple of stumbling steps, the jeans won the battle
  and sent Leanne tumbling down to the floor. She came to an abrupt stop on the
  hardwood floor, with an ear cringing screech. Mrs. Parker stood over her in
  a triumphant pose for a moment, before she reached down, and, with an unsympathetic
  pull of the hair, helped Leanne to her feet. 
 
&quot;Please, my hands are burning,&quot; Leanne sobbed, as she rubbed her palms
together. 
 
&quot;You'll forget about your hands soon enough,&quot; Mrs. Parker huffed. She
bent, pulled the jeans off of Leanne's left leg, tossed them onto the couch,
and then sat down right on top of them. 
 
  The ticking sound coming from the grandfather clock in the corner was the only
  sound for a few minutes. Finally Mrs. Parker cleared her throat. 
 
  Leanne answered with a shake of her head. 
 
&quot;Keep stalling,&quot; Mrs. Parker said. &quot;We have all day and all night,
but you're not leaving here until I'm satisfied that you've learned a few lessons....
And Lesson #1 is you getting naked.&quot; 
 
&quot;This ain't fair! I only agreed to a spanking, not a strip show,&quot; Leanne
whined. 
 
&quot;Funny, the cop that brought you home said you were wearing nothing but
a smile when&hellip;.&quot; 
 
&quot;But I didn't see him coming,&quot; Leanne interrupted. &quot;And that was
with Donny. And it was dark, and-and we were just paying off a debt....&quot; 
 
&quot;And?&quot; Mrs. Parker snapped. 
 
&quot;And&hellip;I mean it's the middle of the day, and you want me to get naked
in front of my best friend's mom and even worse, my cousin Steven. See what I
mean?&quot; 
 
&quot;Yes I do,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, with a wicked smile. &quot;Hence the
word 'embarrassment.' I guess your mom was right.&quot; With that, Leanne flashed
me a look that could kill. For the first time I felt a little for her, but exactly
what I felt, I wasn't sure. I knew I wasn't her favorite person in the world.
(I think she knew that I was hot for her mom.) And it wasn't like I knew this
was her mom's plan when she called me. Needless to say that, so far, I was glad
that I returned that phone call. 
 
  For the next several minutes Leanne would tug at her top, but then she would
  do some more complaining, while I was using the time to mentally picture what
  her breasts might look like. They certainly looked substantial in her clingy
  top, and I could just make out the outline of her nipples. But her stalling
  was killing me. I felt like jumping up and tearing off her top, just to get
  on with it. 
 
&quot;What?&quot; Mrs. Parker finally said with a laugh. &quot;Is someone still
stuffing her bra?&quot; 
 
  Leanne smacked her lips, but it finally got her moving. She turned around and
  pulled her shirt over her head. (And, no, she wasn't stuffing her bra; she
  wasn't even wearing a bra.) I got a right profile shot of her breasts (Jesus!),
  before her arm blocked my view. Arm pressed against her chest and face flushed,
  she turned back around and dropped her shirt on the floor. 
 
  But Mrs. Parker quickly barked at her, &quot;Toss it over.&quot; She did, but
  wasn't happy, in fact, I swear she mumbled the word, &quot;Bitch.&quot; 
 
&quot;Ok, just one more thing,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, pointing at Leanne's thong. 
 
&quot;But why?&quot; Leanne cried, a tear rolling down her cheek. 
 
&quot;Because you've lost your thong-wearing privileges.&quot; 
 
  (I had to clamp my jaw to keep from laughing.) 
 
  Nervous minutes passed, and I began to wonder if Leanne was going to make another
  run for it, but at last she turned around and rolled down her panties with
  one hand, keeping her arm across her chest. She turned and tossed her thong
  at Mrs. Parker, her actions quick enough that I couldn't see much -- but I
  knew I'd see more. 
 
&quot;How times have changed,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, shaking out Leanne's thong. 
 
&quot;My mother would have killed me for leaving the house in these.&quot; Mrs.
Parker wore a sour look, as she held them up.   
Leanne moaned, &quot;Oh my god!&quot; Then she looked at the floor,
    one arm still across her chest, and the other covering her crotch. 
 
  Crossing her legs, Mrs. Parker sat back, and folded her hands in her lap. We
  both were focused on Leanne now. 
 
&quot;Hey, didn't someone say earlier that she wasn't a baby? Look at you.&quot; 
 
  I must admit that Mrs. Parker was indeed acting like a bitch and Leanne looked
  like someone about to go skinny-dipping for the first time. 
 
&quot;Well, she's all yours.&quot; 
 
&quot;Excuse me?&quot; I squeaked, forgetting my place at this point. 
 
&quot;Remember the spanking? Hello....&quot; 
 
&quot;Oh, yeah,&quot; I said, trying to play it cool, though I'd never given
a spanking before, not even to a lover. But I do have the Internet. (Need I say
more?) 
 
  The first thing I thought about was the position. With Mrs. Parker's presence
  and my groin already a-flutter, I didn't think I could handle Leanne lying
  across my lap, so I scanned the room. I didn't really see anything that helpful,
  and I didn't think she'd go for "all fours" on the coffee table, so I figured
  the couch would have to do. 
 
&quot;Ok, move over to the couch.&quot; When she didn't move, I snapped my fingers. 
 
&quot;Let's go.&quot; Still nothing. 
 
&quot;Are you deaf, girl?&quot; Mrs. Parker said, for the second time. Leanne
shook her head and shuffled forward. I knew who was really in charge. 
 
  With legs straight and tightly pressed together, Leanne dropped her hands down
  on the seat of the couch, right next to where Mrs. Parker was sitting. I moved
  over by her side. Mrs. Parker was facing me, so I couldn't really be obvious
  with my stare, but I could tell that she had a nice butt. I was about to see
  if it was a nice butt for a spanking. 
 
  I gave her a test blow with the palm of my hand, since Mrs. Parker said nothing
  about an implement. I almost laughed, not believing I was really doing this.
  A few swats followed, each a little firmer, until I finally got the smallest
  of a squeak from Leanne. I figured I found the correct strength behind my blows
  now, as pain really wasn't my goal. I must say I enjoyed the various noises
  that escaped from her lips as I continued. The ass cheek that I was focusing
  on was turning a light shade of pink. I figured I gave her a dozen blows or
  so, and wondered if that was enough, so I looked over at Mrs. Parker (who,
  I must say, had a great view from where she sat of Leanne's breasts as they
  hung from her chest -- and maybe I was mistaken, but she did seem to notice). 
 
&quot;You can't be serious,&quot; she said, when our eyes met, and I was confused. 
 
  She slid to the edge of the couch. &quot;She has two cheeks, you know,&quot; she
  said, rather wisely, her face only inches from Leanne's ass. I used the opportunity
  to shift behind Leanne and finally got a good look for myself. 
 
  (What do you know, she did.) 
 
  Leanne glanced back, as we examined my handiwork, but she quickly changed her
  mind (obviously embarrassed that we were checking out her ass) with a smack
  of the lips. 
 
  (&quot;Yes, a nice ass, indeed,&quot; I thought.) 
 
"Can I go now?" Leanne asked. 
 
&quot;But we've only just begun, my love. Now get up there,&quot; Mrs. Parker
said, with a pinch of Leanne's ass. 
 
&quot;Ouch!&quot; Leanne crawled forward and knelt on the couch, her head resting
on the top of it. 
 
  Mrs. Parker waved her hand in front of my face. &quot;Ok, back to work, you,
  and put some muscle behind it.... If you have any.&quot; 
 
  Normally, I would have been a little insulted, but, after she said this, she
  turned and picked up Leanne's right leg and moved it about two feet away from
  the left one. Leanne had to arch her back to adjust. What a view! 
 
&quot;Hey, what the...?&quot; Leanne spat, reading my eyes, and she quickly moved
her legs back together, just seconds after Mrs. Parker let go. But Mrs. Parker
was at least as stubborn. Back apart they went. Back together they went.... 
 
  I stood back, amused, enjoying the tug of war, which went on for five or six
  rounds. 
 
&quot;So you wannna do it the hard way.&quot; Mrs. Parker finally wrestled Leanne's
legs apart and slid her own legs in between them and sat down. 
 
  Leanne's knees were now resting on both sides of Mrs. Parker's outer thighs.
  Mrs. Parker slowly spread her legs apart which also spread Leanne's legs. 
 
"What are you doing?" Leanne whined. 
 
"Ok, back to work." I heard Mrs. Parker's voice, but as hard as I tried, I could
not get over the implications of this position. 
 
  (And speaking of hard, I suddenly realized that I was now sporting a full-blown
  hardon. I was hoping my loose-fitting running pants that I had worn for the
  long drive were hiding this embarrassing fact.)   
I shifted to Leanne's side and quickly delivered some blows, while
    trying to wish it away. I think with the added excitement my blows were a
    little firmer because my hand started stinging. I rubbed her ass-cheek after
    every blow to ease the sting. (At least that was my excuse.) 
 
  Leanne seemed to moan out after every blow now. It did little to soften anything.
  Harder blows followed until Mrs. Parker interjected, telling me to check her
  ass. She wanted "red tomatoes." Honestly her ass was more like "red Zinfandel," but
  I lied when Leanne turned her pleading gaze my way, a small tear drop rolling
  down her face. 
 
"Let me check," Mrs. Parker said, in disbelief. She stood, pressing on Leanne's
back as she was trying to get up. Mrs. Parker ran her hand along Leanne's ass
cheek. 
 
"She's not even that warm back here." 
 
  I nodded, but didn't even know why. I was simply focused on watching her rub
  Leanne's ass. 
 
"Please," Leanne whined. "My bikini." 
 
  (I figured Leanne wore a thong bikini as well and was afraid of bruising.) 
 
"What the hell!" Mrs. Parker suddenly cried out. My body shook, and then my jaw
dropped. Mrs. Parker had both of Leanne's ass cheeks in her hands, her thumbs
pulling them apart. "Where is your pubic hair?" I couldn't help moving in for
a closer look at Leanne's shaved pussy. 
 
"Please, he can see!" Leanne shouted. I felt guilty, but I could. 
 
"Not so fast!" Mrs. Parker snapped. "Not until you tell me why." Her fingers
pulled farther apart, and Leanne's pussy lips spread, her pinkish insides flashing
into our view. 
 
  Mrs. Parker chuckled, grimly. &quot;Yes, he can see everything now.&quot; 
 
"Oh my!" Leanne squealed and managed to break free, but a ponytail grab jerked
her back on the couch. Mrs. Parker looked steamed. A moment later I found out
exactly why. 
 
"Hey, I'm not the one who told you to shave down there. You betta keep that idea
to yourself." Mrs. Parker was pulling on Leanne's hair, and Leanne was reaching
up, grabbing at Mrs. Parker's wrists, probably trying to free herself. This offered
me my first clear shot at Leanne's lovely ample breasts. They were nice and round
and firm-looking. They were capped by light pink nipples surrounded by even lighter
areolae, which looked truly erotic against her silky white skin. 
 
"Let me go!" Leanne wailed, and she took a kick at me, probably noticing my stare.
I stumbled back and tripped over the edge of the coffee table. It was now my
turn to crash to the hardwood floor, down on one knee. Of course I quickly stood
up like it was no big deal. But with the pain in my knee, I forgot about one
little fact. 
 
"What are you laughing at!" Mrs. Parker snarled at Leanne. "That could have hurt
him." 
 
  Leanne pointed at me, &quot;The perverts got a hardon!&quot; I froze. (She
  could see?) 
 
&quot;Well, whose fault is that?&quot; Mrs. Parker spat, and she pulled Leanne
off the couch by the hair. When she landed in front of me, I instinctively covered
my excited crotch with my hands. 
 
&quot;How is it my fault?&quot; Leanne cried out. Mrs. Parker still had a handful
of hair. 
 
&quot;All that moaning and groaning while being spanked...flashing your bare
pussy.... It was supposed to be punishment, girl.&quot; 
 
  Mrs. Parker flashed a wicked look at me. "I bet you even shaved this morning,
  hoping this would happen." 
 
"No way!" Leanne sobbed. "Please, I've learned my lesson." 
 
&quot;Lesson! I'm glad you said that, because Lesson #1 didn't work -- in fact,
I think you even liked it. So maybe this'll be more effective.... Pull down his
pants.&quot; 
 
&quot;What?&quot; Leanne screamed out, and I gulped, thinking the same thing.
But I wasn't running for the door either. I was frozen like a statue, a statue
with a hardon. 
 
  She looked right at the bulge in my pants, which I quickly covered with my
  hands once again. &quot;I don't do....&quot; 
 
&quot;Oh, don't give me that. My daughter told me what you did to that punk,
before the cops showed up.&quot; 
 
&quot;No way.... She wouldn't tell you THAT!&quot; 
 
&quot;She did. She told me everything. She spilled her guts after I yanked the
TV out of her room.&quot; 
 
&quot;God, I'm going to kill her,&quot; Leanne said, before she looked over her
shoulder, up at Mrs. Parker. &quot;But did she tell you, we were just paying
off a debt, and that Donny helped us pass chemistry?&quot;  
    
&quot;She did, but is that supposed to make it any better?&quot; Mrs.
    Parker turned Leanne's head around and pushed her forward. She almost banged
    into me. 
 
&quot;Trading sex -- is that how you're gunna get by in college?&quot; 
 
&quot;It wasn't sex!&quot; Leanne snarled. &quot;He wanted it, but it was just....&quot; 
 
  Mrs. Parker's laughing drowned Leanne out. &quot;Well, you did it once. So
  suck it up, Miss Clinton.&quot; 
 
  It was with that one-liner (which I think should have been &quot;Miss Lewinsky&quot;)
  that I suddenly realized they were talking about oral sex. I was stunned. &quot;Mrs.
  Parker can't be serious!&quot; My brain screamed, "Not here...in front of her." I
  also jumped back in surprise when Leanne reached for my pants. 
 
&quot;See, he don't want to either,&quot; Leanne said, as she tried to stand,
but Mrs. Parker pushed down on her shoulders. 
 
&quot;No, I think you're mistaken,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, now standing directly
behind Leanne, rubbing her shoulders. &quot;I think he might be a little shy,
that's all. Just ask him.&quot; 
 
&quot;Are you, ah, shy?&quot; Leanne asked. I just shrugged my shoulders. 
 
  Mrs. Parker giggled. &quot;No, you twit, ask him if he'd like....&quot; 
 
&quot;Frig that!&quot; Leanne spat and she tried to scamper away, but Mrs. Parker
had her by her ponytails. 
 
&quot;Maybe she's had enough.&quot; I tried to offer, but I got the &quot;Zip
it&quot; signal from Mrs. Parker. 
 
&quot;No, I think this is a good ending to the punishment...now get over here.&quot; 
 
  It was weird. I suddenly felt like Leanne wasn't the only one being punished
  here. Maybe I should have put up more of a fight, but one look at Leanne, naked
  and on her knees, ended any more actual thinking. I shuffled forward, dumbly. 
 
&quot;Now get them pants down!&quot; 
 
  It took three or four repeats for Leanne to finally act. This time I didn't
  back away when she reached for my pants. She offered one warning as she gripped
  my pants waistband. &quot;If you tell anyone....&quot; 
 
  I bit my lip and nodded, and my pants found their way around my ankles. My
  underwear soon followed, and my cock sprang free. My face flushed. I swear
  Mrs. Parker snickered, and then she added, &quot;What do you know, he does
  have one." 
 
  I ground my teeth when Leanne wrapped her tiny hand around my cock, and then,
  after a few deep breaths, she put the head into her mouth. I felt her tongue
  swirl around it. I looked down, but she had her eyes closed tight. She continued
  to lick the head of my cock and then started moving slowly back and forth,
  until Mrs. Parker yelled, &quot;Faster.&quot; It startled me, because, for
  one brief moment, I was in heaven. 
 
  Leanne whimpered as Mrs. Parker moved Leanne's head back and forth over my
  cock. At first it was slow and easy, but soon she was really pushing back and
  forth vigorously. Slurping sounds filled the room. It felt great, although
  it was also strange. Maybe my mixed emotions were the only thing keeping me
  from exploding immediately in Leanne's inviting mouth. 
 
  Mrs. Parker let go of Leanne's head somewhere along the line, but Leanne kept
  sucking. For the first time, I ran my fingers over her hair and she looked
  up at me and purred. I almost lost it, but for Mrs. Parker again. 
 
&quot;So you like sucking that big cock?&quot; 
 
  Leanne stopped and looked back. &quot;It ain't that big. Donny's is&hellip;.&quot; She
  didn't get the chance to finish, before I spun her head around and thrust my
  dick back in her mouth. (No, now wasn't the time for analyzing.) 
 
  The sound of Mrs. Parker's tapping foot was matched by Leanne's truly erotic
  slurping sounds as she continued. It wasn't long before we were interrupted
  again. 
 
&quot;See, I knew you liked it,&quot; Mrs. Parker said, as she moved over next
to us. "That is so disgusting." 
 
  I sighed and shook my head. 
 
"I let go a while ago," Mrs. Parker teased. "But you kept sucking along." 
 
  Leanne broke her grip. &quot;Hey, whose idea was this, anyways?&quot; 
 
&quot;Why you little cock sucker!&quot; Mrs. Parker snarled, and she reached
out and tweaked Leanne's right nipple. Leanne batted her hand away. Mrs. Parker
raised her hand like she was going to slap Leanne. &quot;If you were my daughter....&quot; 
 
&quot;Speaking of Hillary, did she tell you that she did this to Donny too?&quot; Leanne
said, before quickly covering her mouth with her hand. 
 
  Leanne's words seemingly hit like a body blow. Mrs. Parker gasped and then
  became very red in the face. 
 
&quot;Why, you little liar.&quot; 
 
  I wasn't surprised that she went right for the hair again, and the struggle
  was on. Leanne put up a good fight, but was outsized, and wound up defeated
  once again. She ended up lying on her back on the coffee table, Mrs. Parker
  sitting on her stomach holding Leanne's hands over her head. 
 
  The cat fight doing little to ease my excitement, I found myself stroking my
  cock watching them. 
 
"Don't just stand there playing with yourself," Mrs. Parker said, looking up
at me. "Get over here." 
 
  I shuffled over, obediently, but was more than a little confused. I looked
  at Mrs. Parker, and she seemed to be in the right position, so I moved closer. 
 
"Not me, idiot -- her!" she screamed. I jumped back. Leanne seemed amused until
I knelt and turned her head. It was awkward, but I managed to get my dick back
in her mouth. After a couple of minutes, my knee was quickly becoming a problem,
so I suggested a change of position. Mrs. Parker wasn't too happy, until she
heard the details, and then it was Leanne who wasn't happy. Mrs. Parker once
again "helped" her into position, while I freed myself from my pants and underwear.
 
  And it was quite a position. Leanne was lying on the couch in an upside down
  sitting position, her head at just the right height for some face fucking.
  I moved over, and, after a few attempts, Leanne finally relented, and I went
  to work. I think I got caught up in the moment and was really giving it to
  her. I was holding onto her legs and made sure I had a good view of her pussy.
  I even managed to forget about Mrs. Parker. 
 
  It only took a couple of minutes for me to reach my limit. It just felt too
  damn good. I pulled out of Leanne's mouth and let go of a few streams of cum
  that landed on her cheek and chin. I pressed my dick against her lips, and,
  with a scrunched face, she finished me off. Mrs. Parker offered some mock applause. 
 
  I stepped back and Leanne quickly spun herself around. 
 
"Ewww, gross," she said, as she ran her hand along her face.   
 
"If I only had a camera," Mrs. Parker said, and then she told Leanne to take
a shower. Leanne scampered away. I pulled up my underwear and pants. 
 
  Mrs. Parker was pointing to the door. &quot;You were certainly a big help.
  Or shall I say 'LITTLE' help?&quot; 
 
  And with that final quip, I was on my way. I walked back to my aunt's house,
  hoping that she had some beer in the fridge, because I needed one, big time.
  I washed up in the bathroom and then found my way to the fridge and was fishing
  around when I heard Aunt Peg's voice. 
 
&quot;It's in the bin.&quot; 
 
&quot;Ah, what?&quot; I said, a little embarrassed. 
 
&quot;The beer. Isn't that what you're looking for?&quot; 
 
  I just nodded, and I guess my aunt knows me a little better than I thought. 
 
  We moved to the couch. It was strange sitting next to her after what had just
  happened. I knew that she'd used me for embarrassment purposes, but I'd gone
  beyond the call of duty. 
 
&quot;So, did Leanne enjoy her punishment?&quot; she asked, after a few minutes
of silence. 
 
  I felt my face flush. &quot;I don't know.&quot; I said. (And I was really still
  trying to figure that one out.) 
 
&quot;It must have been really embarrassing to have you watching her get spanked.&quot; 
 
  I nodded, and then, a couple of seconds later, my brain screamed, &quot;Watching?&quot; 
 
&quot;I was surprised.&quot; I said, fishing for more information. 
 
&quot;I bet. I know spankings are a thing of the past, but I've tried everything
else. I hope it didn't make you uncomfortable.&quot; 
 
&quot;Why, I mean, why didn't you do it&hellip;the spanking?&quot; 
 
&quot;Marilynn thought it would be better this way.&quot; 
 
&quot;Would that be Mrs. Parker?&quot; I said, beginning to get a strange feeling.... 
 
&quot;Yeah, she wasn't happy, either. I mean, to open the door and have a cop
standing with a hand on your daughter's shoulder. I shudder at the thought. They're
just lucky that the cop knew Marilynn. And then to top it off, my daughter doesn't
even tell me about it. I felt like an idiot when Marilynn brought it up, and
I was clueless. I was also a little upset that she was trying to pin all the
blame on Leanne.&quot; 
 
&quot;So you spanked her&hellip; I mean Marilynn's daughter.&quot; Trying to
avoid one of my aunt's rants. 
 
&quot;Yeah, it was strange, and she wasn't happy about it, so I guess she learned
her lesson.&quot; 
 
&quot;I see.&quot; 
 
&quot;Yeah, she's downstairs, playing a board-game with Adam.&quot; 
 
&quot;I see,&quot; I moaned again. I'll admit my mind wasn't working all that
well, still a little flustered by the previous events, and maybe still a little
hung over, so I asked. 
 
&quot;Did you...like...do it today?&quot; 
 
&quot;Yeah, right here on the couch.&quot; 
 
&quot;Over your knee?&quot; 
 
&quot;Yep.&quot; She took a few playful swats with her hand. &quot;I think Adam
got a kick out of it.&quot; 
 
&quot;Adam?&quot; I squealed with surprise. 
 
&quot;Yeah, it was the audience factor.&quot; 
 
&quot;Another Marilynn idea?&quot; I asked, but didn't have to. 
 
&quot;Yeah.&quot; 
 
&quot;But isn't Adam a little young?&quot; 
 
&quot;No, maybe it taught him a lesson, as well.&quot; 
 
  By her matter-of-fact tone, I figured I knew the answer to this one, &quot;Was
  it a bare bottom one?&quot; 
 
&quot;No,&quot; she said, before I even finished asking. &quot;But she had on
these thin stretch short pants, so she felt it.... Wait a second, was my Leanne's
bare bottom?&quot; 
 
  I nodded, wondering if I should drop this whole conversation. 
 
  My aunt giggled. &quot;Wow, that must have been embarrassing for her. I understand
  your surprise about Adam watching now. Yeah, he would be a 
 
  little young for that. In fact, I've never spanked my kids that way.&quot; 
 
&quot;But you've given one to Hillary before. I mean a bare bottom one.&quot; 
 
  She shook her head. &quot;Gosh, I would have been too embarrassed. Why do you 
 
  ask?&quot; 
 
  I stammered a bit, pulling the pieces together. &quot;I-I just thought both
  of them got the same punishment.&quot; 
 
&quot;Me, too. But not from the sound of it,&quot; she said. And she had no idea. 
 
&quot;Oh, wow, it's time to take Adam to soccer practice.&quot; My aunt went
downstairs and fetched Adam, leaving me alone with my thoughts. &quot;I'm glad
it's only practice and not a game, because I know I would have been dragged along,
and I'd rather poke my eyes out then watch a bunch of ankle biters chase a black
and white ball around. It was a strange first thought, I agree, but I was also
glad that Leanne hadn't come back yet, because that would have been more than
a little awkward. 
 
  I was about to leave when Hillary came upstairs, so I stayed. I had met her
  only briefly a couple of times, so, when she sat down, we just said &quot;Hi&quot; to
  each other. I started flipping through a newspaper, and she a magazine. Hillary
  was the blonde version of my cousin, only a little taller. She was wearing
  a tennis skirt, so I figured she had some shorts on underneath them. My eyes
  ran up her long legs. 
 
&quot;It's weird, huh?&quot; she said. 
 
&quot;Oh?&quot; I panicked, my heart fluttering, thinking she'd caught me looking
up her skirt. &quot;What the hell was happening to me?&quot; 
 
&quot;No TV here,&quot; she said, gesturing, after a couple of seconds of my
flushed silence. 
 
&quot;Oh,&quot; I said, with a chuckle. &quot;Yeah, Aunt Peg isn't big on TV&hellip;corrupts
the mind.&quot; 
 
&quot;I know; it's weird.&quot; (What I thought was weird was confessing ones
sins to her mother just so she could watch it.) 
 
&quot;Ah-huh.&quot; I agreed, but I was thinking about her mom, and if she would
follow in her perverted footsteps. I kept looking over to her, trying to muster
up the courage to ask her about the night that the cop brought her home. The
front door suddenly opened. Leanne ran in and headed right up the stairs to the
bedrooms. 
 
&quot;I'm never going over there again!&quot; she screamed out, as she made her
way. 
 
  Hillary looked at me, and then got up and started to follow. 
 
&quot;Wait, give her some time,&quot; I barked. 
 
&quot;Why, what happened?&quot; 
 
&quot;Your mom gave her a good one.&quot; 
 
&quot;Jesus, she should have known that, though.&quot; 
 
&quot;Why?&quot; I wondered. 
 
&quot;Well, my mom was pissed...still is. We thought that cop wouldn't tell,
after....&quot; She looked up and got red-faced, like she suddenly realized who
she was talking to. She jumped up from her chair. &quot;I gotta get going. See
yah.&quot; 
 
  And, just like that, she was gone. 
 
  I sat quietly, trying to pull the pieces together. I wished someone would finally
  tell me the whole story instead of my getting it in bits. 
 
  Leanne came bopping down the stairs, about ten minutes later. She flashed me
  a quick look. &quot;You still here?&quot; She went into the kitchen and grabbed
  some soda from the fridge. I almost asked her to bring me a beer, but I bit
  my tongue, deciding not to press my luck. She poured her Coke into a glass
  and looked up at me. &quot;Waiting for my mom to come back?&quot; I could tell
  by her tone that it wasn't really a question. &quot;What, cat got your tongue?
  I noticed that happened a lot today.&quot; 
 
  I didn't really know what to say. I guess I was feeling a little guilty.   
"Wait, you didn't tell Hillary anything?" She looked concerned.  
I shook my head. "I just said that her mom gave you a good one. I
    remembered your warning."
 
"Ok, thanks." She was leaning up against the dry bar in the kitchen, only a few
feet away. She was looking my way, but her stare was blank. 
 
&quot;Do things like this happen often around here?&quot; I finally mustered
the courage to ask, after some awkward silence. 
 
  She just rolled her eyes. &quot;What's that, a guilty conscience?&quot; 
 
&quot;Hey, I had no idea this was....&quot; 
 
&quot;I know, I know.&quot; Leanne interrupted. &quot;Sometimes you get more
than you bargain for.&quot; 
 
&quot;You had no idea, either?&quot; She just shook her head at my dumb question. &quot;Wait,
are you talking about today or with that Donny guy?&quot; I could tell by her
sudden change of expression she wasn't happy at that question, either. 
 
&quot;Sorry,&quot; I offered, &quot;I'm just a little confused.&quot; 
 
&quot;You want to know what happened, is that it, how I got into this whole mess?&quot; 
 
  I nodded, and held my breath. (Was someone finally going to tell me?) 
 
&quot;Then I guess you have to promise never to tell anyone about anything that
was said today, as well.&quot; I quickly crossed my heart, knowing I was hell-bound
anyways. 
 
&quot;Donny is just this guy we know who graduated last year and he took chemistry
and aced it, not because he's smart, but because he had the answers to all the
tests. Seems like our retarded teacher never changes her frigging tests from
year to year.&quot; 
 
&quot;So...?&quot; 
 
&quot;So, we tried, but c'mon, it's chemistry, so we made a deal with the devil.&quot; 
 
  She turned and started idly going through some cabinets. I guess that's all
  she wanted to tell me, but I wasn't satisfied. 
 
  I cleared my throat. &quot;But, it's July, and this just happened?&quot; 
 
&quot;Oh, brother,&quot; Leanne sighed.&quot;Yeah, we kept putting him off and
thought we might get away, you know, after we graduated, but he found us at the
mall and still wanted his payment. He said it was our last chance, or he'd haunt
us. We could tell he was pissed.&quot; 
 
&quot;He didn't hurt you or anything, did he? I could kick his ass....&quot; 
 
&quot;Please,&quot; Leanne said, with a laugh. &quot;A little late to play the
protective cousin. Plus, he didn't. He just wanted...you know.&quot; 
 
&quot;A...BJ,&quot; I mumbled. 
 
&quot;Yeah, right!&quot; Leanne cried out. &quot;No, his promised payment. I
guess in the end that's basically what he got. Well, after we parked, we were
told to strip and he tossed our clothes into the front of the SUV. We were in
the back, me on one side, Hillary on the other...our heads, well, you know. That's
why we didn't notice that cop when he showed up, although I was glad to see one,
for once. You see, Donny had this perverted list of sex things he wanted. He
even had this bag of toys." 
 
  Leanne wasn't looking at me as she told her story. Instead, she was focused
  on her glass. "He said we could choose which one of us did what, but we had
  to complete the entire list, and then he'd never see us again. I mean that
  was the original deal. Jesus! What were we thinking? I've never even did half
  the stuff on that list before. See why we were trying to put it off?&quot; 
 
  I nodded, but she was focused on her glass. &quot;Are you sure you don't want
  me to kick his ass?&quot; 
 
  Leanne smacked her lips and flashed me that "you idiot" look. &quot;He's like
  6'4&quot; and 250.&quot; 
 
  I chuckled. &quot;Ok, you want me and a couple of my friends to kick his ass?&quot; 
 
  Leanne shook her head. &quot;No, we talked to him later, and everything's cool.
  Seems like that cop put the fear of god into him.&quot; 
 
&quot;That cop seems like a cool guy.&quot; 
 
  Leanne gave me that look again. &quot;No, he is a guy, a horny guy, a guy with
  an offer. Well, after he chased Donny away and confiscated his sex toys.&quot; 
 
&quot;Oh, my!&quot; I moaned. (He sounded like my alter ego, Deputy Duffy.) 
 
&quot;Yeah, but I'm sworn to secrecy on that one. Let's just say that I've done
most of the stuff on that list now, well except for....&quot; Leanne paused and
finished her drink off. &quot;Funny, I was sooo scared, but ended up really getting
off on the fact that I was doing stuff to him and even Hillary that I'd never
do otherwise. Honestly, it prepared me for today." 
 
  She looked at me sheepishly. "Can you believe she made me do that to you?&quot; 
 
&quot;Yeah, that was s-something,&quot; I mumbled. 
 
&quot;Can I ask you something?&quot; Leanne said, looking at the floor, and I
nodded. 
 
  She looked up at me, and I nodded again. &quot;Not that I really like it, and
  I've only done it a couple of times, and no one's really told me before but...was
  I, ah...?" 
 
&quot;Awesome!&quot; I answered. 
 
  Leanne fluttered her eyes. &quot;And my b-b-body?&quot; 
 
&quot;Sexy as hell.&quot; 
 
&quot;Better than my mom's?&quot; 
 
&quot;Light years.&quot; 
 
  Seemingly satisfied, she headed for the stairs. She turned to me and smiled. &quot;Do
  you think Mrs. Parker actually has arthritis?&quot; Then she continued on her
  way. She poked her head back. &quot;Whose idea do you think it was to have
  YOU watch my spanking, anyways?&quot; 
 
  My jaw dropped. 
 
  Leanne nodded her head. &quot;Hillary warned me that her mom always gave bare
  bottom spankings, and I knew if I pleaded with my mom not to call you that
  she would. But again, I got more than I bargained for. I just thought that
  you'd see my butt. I was just trying to prove a point. I think she just took
  advantage of the fact that I'd be so embarrassed that I'd never tell. But now
  that's it's over....&quot; 
 
"I know I'll never forget it," I said. 
 
"No kidding, me either." Leanne gasped. "And can you believe that she pulled
me out of the shower and took my temperature. She said I acted like a baby so
you can guess where she took it." 
 
"Wow!" I said, mentally picturing it. 
 
&quot;Yeah, wow!&quot; Leanne flashed me a sly smile. &quot;Sorry, you're gunna
have to take care of that little problem in your pants yourself. It was a one-time
thing,&quot; Leanne turned and headed up the stairs. &quot;That is, unless I
get punished by Mrs. Parker again.&quot; 
 
  After a few minutes to regain my composure, I grabbed my keys and headed for
  the door. But I stopped short in the foyer, dreading the long ride home, especially
  in my fired-up mood. 
 
"Don't even think about it!" my conscience screamed into my ear. 
 
  But I was listening to that horny devil on the other shoulder who was reviewing
  everything that Leanne had just said, every little sordid detail adding fuel
  to my mood.... Making a deal with that punk, accepting the cop's offer (and
  being double crossed), agreeing to be punished by Mrs. Parker -- and wanting
  me there to witness it when she found out about Mrs. Parker's penchant for
  bare bottom punishments -- and, most important, admitting that she did find
  measures of pleasure and excitement in it all.... 
 
  I glanced at the clock; I still had some time. 
 
  Leanne did say it was a one-time thing. Well, that &quot;time&quot; wasn't
  over yet. Her confessions had left me more than ready for an encore, only this
  time she wouldn't get away with just a blowjob. No, I was hot for more. As
  I crept upstairs to the bedrooms, I wondered if anal sex was that one thing
  on that sex list still remaining...AND if she would ever joke about my or anyone's "size" again. 
 
  I snickered, also wondering if Mrs. Parker really took her temperature rectally,
  or if that was just for my benefit...maybe to plant the seed of an idea in
  my thick head. 
 
  Although Mrs. Parker had been more than helpful. I knew I didn't need any more
  assistance from her. No, Leanne had said enough to lead me to believe that
  my actions, however perverse, would be forgiven. 
 
  But not forgotten!   
Then, halfway up the stairs, I paused, thinking about that tall blonde,
    just next door. I began to develop a follow-up idea -- and I wondered if
    they might be up for another threesome.... 
 
"But, first things first," I said, knocking on Leanne's door. 
 
  The End  
    
I quickly swung the door open and marched in like I owned the place. Leanne
  screeched out when she saw me. She was hurryingly trying to put something into
  her desk draw.  
"Jesus, Steven you still here." She slammed the draw shut and swung her head
  my way as I bounced down on her bed.  
"Nice and comfy," I sat with a bounce.  
"What? I, I, a-ah" Leanne stammered, and then her eyes flung open "Don't
  even think about it buddy boy."  
"C'mon, you're not going to make me drive home all horny for more." I let
  my intentions know by patting my crotch. (My hardon had faded, but my hunger
  was growing by the second.)  
"I AM!" Leanne sneered. (I quickly figured I was wrong about her being horny
  for more as well.) Leanne glanced at her digital clock. "Plus, mom's gunna
  be home soon."  
"Not for a while now, call her cell phone."  
Leanne rolled her eyes, admitting the truth. "But still, I told you it was
  a one time thing. Plus...."  
"I know it wasn't your idea."  
"Exactly!"  
"And nether is this, you see, I wanna fuck you, right here, and right now,
  on your bed. There I said it."  
Her jaw dropped. I held my breath. She sighed. I said a prayer. She pointed
  to the door. I cursed, and then the room fell still. I held my gaze steadfast,
  while she would look away and then back. She finally shook her head, "No."  
I answered by kicking off my sneakers. "I'm not going anywhere."  
"C'mon, get out...please." Leanne pleaded with a bat of the eyes, and a sexy
  voice. "Please."  
Save the school girl antics, I know you're not that innocent.  
"I ain't no whore either." her voice quickly back to normal.  
"I know that," I said with a chuckle. "I just meant I'm not here to steal
  anything from you. It's just sex. You've done it before."  
"Oh, yeah." I couldn't miss the sarcasm. I scratched my head, I thought that
  this was going to be easier.  
"I mean, why would I?" Leanne asked. I felt my face flush, it was the question
  I'd been hoping for.  
"For my silence, and for playing the game."  
"Silence...games." Leanne repeated with a shrug.  
"Yeah, I know you want my silence...."  
"You already promised." She interrupted.  
"I did, but I promised with the expectation that I shall be rewarded."  
(She flashed me that "fuck off" look that women give. I know it well.)  
An new idea flashed into my mind. I acted without even analyzing it.  
"What was that?" I put a hand to my ear, "Is your mom home already?"  
Leanne gasped and dove across her bed to look out the window. "I don't see
  her car." She turned around and her eyes bulged. I held up the object that
  she had stashed into her desk upon my entrance. The cover read "Dear diary".  
"Give me that," she rushed over. I held it teasingly behind my back. Around
  and around we went. This went on for several minutes. I'm an only child, but
  I can still tease with the best of them.  
"Now maybe I will find out what really happened that night," I jumped on
  the bed, my head just brushing the ceiling. When Leanne tried to follow, a
  solid stiff arm sent her back, several more followed (the last one copped a
  feel.) She finally stood on the floor in defeat. I thought it was in good-natured
  fun until I saw the tear rolling down her cheek. I felt bad for a second, but
  quickly shook that from my system. I didn't really have any intention in reading
  it, but it occurred to me that it was a bargaining chip for something even
  more wicked.  
"Why read about sex when you can have it." (Or so I've been told.)  
She gave me the finger. I opened the diary, that wasn't locked in Leanne
  haste.  
"I'm gunna fucking kill you," she picked something off her desk and it whizzed
  past.  
"Hey Pedro, easy there." She was scanning the desk for more ammo.  
"Here you go, sissy," I said tossing her the diary. "I know how much it means
  to teenage girls...I watched the Brady Bunch."  
She sighed, but seemed more confused than relieved, as she clutched it to
  her chest. "What was that all about?"  
I stepped off the bed and stumbled at her. I grabbed her shoulders and whispered
  into her ears. "It's just because you're so friggin hot."  
"Oh, please," She rebuffed.  
I huffed (nothing was working) and I stepped back and sat on the bed before
  grabbing my sneakers. "Man you are tuff."  
"No, just have standard and you ain't up to mine. Even if you weren't my
  cousin. Be happy with what you got."  
I looked up and she just flipped her nose up at me. I began adjusting my
  shoes as my mind raced. Maybe I needed Mrs. Parkers help after all, because
  I wasn't happy at all. I guess I could've just had her by force, but I didn't
  need to get laid that much. Maybe I should have smacked her ass "tomato red" when
  I had the chance?  
She wasn't done as she added. "Like I said you're gunna have to take care
  of that little problem in your pant's yourself. Now get out of here and you
  can go back to brownnosing mommy dearest."  
"Just be thankful I'm a nice guy, or I'd...."  
She giggled. "You ain't gut the balls."  
And with that finally insult I made my way, Leanne slamming the door behind
  me.  
I got to the front door again. Funny, standing there I was the bravest guy
  in the world again. That voice was telling me to go back to Leanne's room and
  not take "no" for an answer this time. I pictured her clothes torn to shreds
  on the floor. Her naked body lying on her bed in the fetal position, my cum
  leaking from her asshole.  
I opened the door this time with a laugh. "Just take your salad-ass home.
  You ain't Kobe Bryant."  
"Excuse me."  
The voice startled me. looking to my left, cutting across the grass was that
  blonde from next door.  
"Leanne still here?"  
"Yeah, but she needs more time."  
"Oh, really," she said with a shrug. "Her?"  
She turned to leave again sputtering to herself. "What did my mom do, now?"  
"Do you want to know what happened over your mom's?" I blurted out. She looked
  back over her shoulder, with a curious look. I nodded with a knowing smile.
  We talked for a couple of minutes, but I felt we needed more. She was a little
  reluctant to leave with a strange man, so I suggested she meet me at a small
  coffee shop down the road, since she wasn't old enough for a barroom. She agreed
  and met me some twenty minutes later.  
The talk was awkward at first. I still didn't have a definite plan, but I
  enjoyed the company. Funny it was the first good looking blonde that I've talked
  to in a long time that didn't smell like cigarettes and wasn't slurring her
  words. I started slowly telling the story, trying to judge Hillary's response.
  It looked like she was enjoying hearing Leanne's humiliation, so I continued.
  She didn't really seemed fazed that her mom was involved at all, although I
  soften her roll a bit.  
I got to the good part, my words barely a whisper.  
"Oh my god, she sucked your...." Hillary gasped and then she giggled. "I
  would have just died."  
I cringed. I mean, I understood, but was getting a little punchy at this
  point.  
"Ok, now that I told my story let me hear about the night that cop brought
  you guys home."  
She gulped and shook her head, quickly.  
"C'mon."  
"No way," she offered. "I can't."  
"Sworn to secrecy?"  
"Yeah," she said and then she snapped her head up. "How did you know?"  
"Leanne said the same thing," I said and then I added. "But...."  
"B-b-but w-what?" Hillary mumbled.  
"Funny the things you'll blurt out when your ass is on fire and you're worried
  about your bikini bum."  
Hillary shook her head back and forth. "S-s-she wouldn't." She didn't sound
  so sure.  
I figured I would start with something Leanne actually said. "Lets see...something
  about you sucking on Donny too."  
Hillary's jaw dropped. "She didn't tell my mom that!" Her voice filled with
  concern. "She'll kill me."  
I nodded my head. (Now it was time to be creative.) "And how it was your
  idea to trade sex for the answers...." I didn't even get a chance to finish
  before Hillary began rambling.  
"No, no, no that's not true. Donny, that was her idea. I didn't even know
  about the sex part until after. I was pissed. We weren't even flunking, but
  she wanted an A. She is always doing things like this to me, because I'm a
  little more conservative then her she thinks she's so cool. Using sex as a
  weapon and it's me that it usually blows up on...like with that cop. It was
  her suggestion that he search us and then let us go. It was so humiliating.
  I mean he was old and, and, I was helpless, and then he touched me...everywhere." Hillary
  sat back and sobbed. "One of these days...."  
Normally I would have felt uneasy with her tears, but I was still picturing
  the two of them being searched by that cop whishing it was me. I also had a
  feeling (judging by her last four words) that I had a partner in the making.
  She got me thinking "And if she was only half as good as her mom was...."  
I cleared my throat, "I have an idea." She slowly leaned forward and I dried
  some tears before I told her the guise of my plan.  
The End  
Part Two "The Plan" -- Soon.  
Thanks for reading my story  
Would love to hear your feedback.  
Fifth of July Hangover 
  Part 2: The Plan
 
  by
 
  Deputy Duffy   
(stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com)
 
   
  I swung the door open and marched in, purposefully. Leanne screeched when she
  saw me and desperately attempted to hide something in her desk drawer.
 
"Jesus, Steven, you still here?" She slammed the drawer shut and swung her head
my way as I flung myself down onto her bed.
 
"Nice and comfy." I bounced.
 
"What? I, I, a-ah," she stammered, and then her eyes opened wide. "Don't even
think about it, buddy boy."
 
"C'mon, you're not going to make me drive home all horny for more?" I let my
intentions be known by patting my crotch. (My hardon had faded, but my appetite
was growing by the second.)
 
"I AM!" she sneered. (I decided I was wrong about her being horny for more, as
well.) Leanne glanced at her clock. "Plus, mom's gonna be home soon."
 
"Not for a while now; call her cell phone."
 
  Leanne rolled her eyes, admitting the truth. "But still, I told you it was
  a one-time thing. Plus...."
 
"I know...it wasn't your idea."
 
"Exactly!"
 
"And neither is this. You see, I wanna fuck you, right here, and right now, on
your bed. There, I said it."
 
  Her jaw dropped. I held my breath. She sighed. I said a prayer. She pointed
  to the door. I cursed, and then the room was still. I held my gaze steadfast,
  while she would look away and then back. She finally shook her head, "No."
 
  I answered by kicking off my sneakers. "I'm not going anywhere."
 
"C'mon, get out...please." she pleaded with her eyes and a quavering voice. "Please."
 
"Save the school girl antics. I know you're not that innocent."
 
"I ain't no whore, either." Her voice was back to normal.
 
"I know that," I said, with a chuckle. "I just meant that I'm not here to steal
anything from you. It's just sex, and you've done it before."
 
"Oh, yeah." Her tone dripped sarcasm.
 
  I scratched my head. I thought that this was going to be easier.
 
"I mean, why would I?" she asked. I felt my face flush; that was the question
I'd been hoping for.
 
"For my silence, and for playing the game."
 
"Silence...? Game?" she repeated with a shrug.
 
"Yeah, I know you want my silence...."
 
"You already promised," she interrupted.
 
"I did, but I promised with the expectation that I shall be rewarded."
 
  (She flashed me that "fuck off" look that women give. I know it well.)
 
  A new idea flashed into my mind. I acted without even analyzing it.
 
"What was that?" I put a hand to my ear. "Is your mom home already?"
 
  Leanne gasped and dove across her bed to look out the window. "I don't see
  her car...." She turned around, and her eyes bulged. I held up the thing that
  she had crammed into her desk as I came in. A book. The cover read, "Dear Diary."
 
"Give me that." She rushed over. I held it teasingly behind my back. Around and
around we went, for several minutes. I'm an only child, but I can still tease
with the best of them. She was frantic.
 
"Now, maybe I'll find out what really happened that night." I jumped on the bed,
my head just brushing the ceiling. When she tried to follow, a solid stiff arm
sent her back, several more followed (and the last one copped a feel). She finally
stood on the floor in defeat. I thought it was in good-natured fun until I saw
the tears rolling down her cheeks. I felt bad for a second, but quickly shook
that off. I didn't really have any intention of reading it (why just read about
sex when you can get some?), but it occurred to me that it was a bargaining chip
for something even more wicked.
 
"Were you writing about your punishment?"
 
  She gave me the finger. I opened the book, which, in her haste, she hadn't
  locked.
 
"I'm gonna fucking kill you!" She picked something off her desk and whizzed it
past my head.
 
"Hey, Pedro, easy there." She was scanning the desk for more ammo.
 
"Here you go, sissy," I said tossing her the diary. "I know how much it means
to teenage girls.... I watched the Brady Bunch, after all."
 
  She sighed, but seemed more confused than relieved, as she clutched it to her
  chest. "What was that all about?"
 
  I stepped off the bed and stumbled toward her. I grabbed her shoulders and
  whispered into her ear. "It's just because you're so friggin' hot."
 
"Oh, please," she scoffed.
 
  I huffed (nothing was working), stepped back, sat down on the bed, and picked
  up my sneakers. "Man, you are tough."
 
"No, I just have standards, and you ain't up to mine...even if you weren't my
cousin. Be happy with what you got."
 
  She flipped her nose at me. I began adjusting my shoes as my mind raced. Maybe
  I needed Mrs. Parker's help after all, because I really wasn't happy. I guess
  I could've just had her by force, but I didn't need to get laid that much.
  Maybe I should have smacked her ass "tomato red" when I'd had the chance?
 
  She wasn't done as she added. "Like I said, you're gonna have to take care
  of that little problem in your pants yourself. Now get out of here and go back
  to brown-nosing mommy dearest."
 
"Just be thankful I'm a nice guy, or I'd...."
 
  She giggled. "You ain't got the balls."
 
  And, scowling from that final insult, I made my way out, Leanne slamming the
  door behind me.
 
  I got to the front door again. Funny, standing there I was the bravest guy
  in the world. That voice in my head was telling me to go back to Leanne's room
  and not take "no" for an answer this time. I pictured her clothes torn to shreds
  on the floor...her naked body lying on her bed in the fetal position, my cum
  leaking from her asshole.
 
  I opened the door to let myself out and thought, "Just take your salad-ass
  home. You ain't Kobe Bryant."
 
"Excuse me...."
 
  The voice startled me. I looked to my left. Cutting across the grass was that
  blonde Hillary from next door.
 
"Leanne still here?"
 
"Yeah, but she needs more time."
 
"Oh, really?" she said with a shrug. "Her?"
 
  She turned to leave again sputtering to herself. "What did my mom do now?"
 
"Do you want to know what happened over your mom's?" I blurted out. She looked
back over her shoulder, with a curious expression. I nodded with a knowing smile.
We talked for a couple of minutes, but I felt we needed more. She was a little
reluctant to leave with a strange man, so she suggested a small coffee shop down
the road (at 18, she wasn't old enough for a barroom). I agreed and met her some
twenty minutes later.
 
  The talk was awkward at first. I still didn't have a definite plan, but I enjoyed
  the company. Funny, it was the first good-looking blonde that I've talked to
  in a long time that didn't smell like cigarettes and wasn't slurring her words.
  I started telling the story slowly, trying to judge her response. But it seemed
  like she was enjoying hearing Leanne's humiliation, so I continued. She didn't
  really seemed fazed that her mom was involved at all, although I softened her
  role a bit.
 
  I got to the spanking part, my words barely a whisper.
 
"Oh my god, YOU did the spanking?" Hillary gasped and then she giggled. "I would
have just died."
 
  I understood, but it didn't help my ego. I also decided to leave out the oral
  sex part, for obvious reasons. 
    
"Ok, now that I told my story, let me hear about the night that cop
    brought you guys home."
 
"Why?"
 
"I still don't know exactly why Leanne got spanked."
 
  She gulped and shook her head.
 
"C'mon."
 
"No way," she offered. "I can't."
 
"Sworn to secrecy?"
 
"Yeah," she said, and then she snapped her head up. "How did you know?"
 
"Leanne said the same thing," I said, and then I added a drawn out, "But...."
 
"B-b-but w-what?" Hillary mumbled.
 
"Funny the things you'll blurt out when your ass is on fire and you're worried
about your bikini bum."
 
  Hillary shook her head violently. "S-s-she wouldn't." She didn't sound so sure.
 
  I figured I would start with something Leanne had actually said. "Lets see...something
  about you sucking on Donny's prick, too."
 
  Hillary's jaw dropped. "She didn't tell my mom that!" Her voice was filled
  with dread. "Mom'll kill me."
 
  I nodded. (Now it was time to be creative.) "And how it was your idea to trade
  oral sex for the answers...." I didn't even get a chance to finish before Hillary
  began rambling.
 
"No, no, no, that's not true. Donny, that was her idea. I didn't even know about
the sex part until after. I was pissed. We weren't even flunking, but she wanted
an A. She is always doing things like this to me, because I'm a little more conservative
than her, and she thinks she's so cool. Lately, she's been using sex as a weapon,
and it's me that it usually blows up on...like with that cop. It was her suggestion
that he search us and then  
  let us go. It was so humiliating. I mean he was old, and-and I was helpless,
  and then he touched me...everywhere. Then I found out that he knew my mom and...." Hillary
  sat back and sobbed. "One of these days...."
 
  Normally I would have felt uneasy with her tears, but I was still picturing
  the two of them being searched by that cop, wishing it was me. I also had a
  feeling (judging by her last four words) that I had a partner in the making.
  And I was thinking, "And if she was only half as good as her mom was...."
 
  I cleared my throat, "I have an idea.... A Plan." She slowly leaned forward,
  and I dried some of her tears before I told her the gist of it.   
Three long weeks passed before I took another two-hour trip back to
    my aunt's house. This time I didn't even mind house-sitting because it was
    a perfect time to unleash The Plan. My aunt had asked me to watch things
    for the weekend so she could go visit a long lost friend. At first (before
    the 5th) I was hesitant, but now it seemed like the perfect opportunity.
 
  I let the first night go by without incident because I figured Leanne would
  be on her toes. But Saturday night would be different.
 
  It all started when I "let" the girls talk me into allowing Hillary to spend
  the night. I even had to phone Mrs. Parker, who didn't seem pleased, but relented
  (warning me, however, that she's only right next door).
 
  The girls went out for the night but (much to my relief) came home right before
  their midnight curfew. After checking in with Mrs. Parker, they raced upstairs.
  Adam was in his bedroom in the basement, sleeping like a stone. I sat nervously
  waiting for the signal. It arrived when the girls came bopping down the stairs
  about ten minutes later, their faces still made-up from their night out. They
  were both dressed in these little pink short-shorts and tight white tops. Looking
  them over, I laughed to myself, they could have worked at "Hooters." I smiled,
  not only at their sexy outfits, but because I knew The Plan was on.
 
  Hillary had been a little reluctant to go through with my plot as it expanded,
  and her last words were, "I'll think about it." We had talked on the phone
  several times during the intervening three weeks (she called collect), and
  these outfits were our planned signal that everything was a &quot;go.&quot; Now,
  I just had to be patient and to endure a little teasing. I 
  didn't mind much, as they sat on the couch -- and playfully wrestled with each
  other, talked about boys, and generally acted like I wasn't there.
 
  They finally ran upstairs. This was a sort of intermission. I had to sit and
  wait half an hour for Hillary to make her preparations. It was a long, nervous
  30 minutes.
 
  I was light-headed, my heart was pounding, and my gut was churning, as I crept
  up the stairs. (It was either high anxiety or I was coming down with the flu.)
  I stood at Leanne's door and took several deep breaths, before slowly turning
  the knob and peeking in.
 
  I'll never forget the sight that greeted me. Leanne was lying in bed, on her
  back, her hands stretched up and cuffed securely to the bed's head rail. She
  was pantsless, and her top was pulled up to expose her breasts. Hillary, meanwhile,
  was kneeling between Leanne's legs, her head in Leanne's naked lap.   
"What the hell's going on here?" I barked, marching into the room,
    stopping only to pick up Leanne's shorts off the floor.
 
"Steven, get the fuck out!" Leanne cried out as I marched over. Hillary (still
dressed) dove onto the floor. "Jesus, Hilly, you said you locked the door."
 
"I thought I did."
 
  I tried not to laugh. "So, that's why you were so cold to me, you're a friggin'
  lezbo."
 
"Fuck you." Leanne's witty reply was predictable. "Get out of here, asshole."
 
  I swung her makeup chair around and sat down, crossing my arms on the backrest. "I
  need a front row seat for this," I teased, twirling her shorts around a finger. "Don't
  let me stop you."
 
  Leanne read my eyes. "Jesus, Hilly, cover my boobs. Better yet, un-cuff me!"
 
  I snapped my fingers when Hillary started to get up from the floor. "I think
  she is just fine...yes, fine."
 
"Fucking pig!" Leanne snapped.
 
"Stick and stones, but I'm not the one all tied up." It was the last thing I
said for a couple of minutes as I let the room cool. I spent the time enjoying
the view. I also checked out the handcuffs more closely. They were the padded
kind, with pink fur inside and black leather outside and a fairly lengthy chain
between them. They seemed playful, but 
  effective. The brass bed frame was an effective anchor. Leanne wasn't going
  anywhere.
 
  I sat and watched her squirm under my scrutiny. Mostly I enjoyed her vulnerability.
  I wondered what she was thinking. Would I jump on the bed and take her? Nope,
  not me. I wanted something even better: I wanted her to ask -- no, beg -- me
  to fuck her. The fact that I knew her true feelings only added to the thrill.
 
  I cleared my throat. She looked up. "Well, the least you could do is invite
  me to the party," I drawled.
 
"Eat shit and die!" she snarled. Then she screamed out to Hillary, "Don't just
sit there! Get me out of these things!" Hillary didn't move an inch.
 
"Do you think I would let that happen?" I said, trying to look as confident as
I could. Leanne started screaming obscenities at me. I just shook my head and
went over to her door, opened it, and stood by. "Keep shouting, and maybe you'll
wake up your brother." I moved back over to my seat. I spun it around and sat
down on it, propping my feet up on the bed and folding my hands behind my neck.
Leanne was muttered a moment and 
  then asked me politely to close and lock the door.
 
"That's better," I said. (I complied because I didn't want Adam to wake up and
come nosing around, either). I sat back down. "It doesn't seem like someone learned
much from her last punishment."
 
"Was that what that was?" She sneered.
 
"Yeah, and I think it's time for another dose."
 
"Cut the shit," she hissed, while testing her cuffs. I smiled. The chain was
long for a reason. I knelt on the bed and reached out for Leanne's wrists. She
tried to bite me (I guess I should have wired Hillary enough money for a ball-gag
as well), but she missed. I spun her wrists around (the chain wrapped nicely
around the brass rail), and then I slowly turned her over. I pressed her face
into the pillow to shut her up. On the floor next to the bed was a big blue stuffed
elephant. I grabbed it and slid it under her stomach. I leaned back and smiled
in approval.
 
"Keep smiling, asshole," Leanne said.
 
  I was because it was time for her spanking.   
The sounds of smacking skin began filling the room, and Leanne's moans
    soon joined in. Leanne opened her eyes, and they grew wider seeing me sitting
    well away at the end of the bed.
 
"Hilly! What the fuck are you doing?" Leanne snapped, realizing who was doing
the spanking.
 
"Something I should have done long before," Hillary said, as she gave her friend
another smack.
 
"C'mon, knock it off."
 
  Hillary glanced at me. "You're right, this is kind of fun."
 
  Leanne paled. "You told her."
 
  I nodded. "In fact, I told her everything." (At least, I wanted her to think
  I did.)
 
"You dick. Ouch! C'mon Hilly."
 
"Who's the cry-baby now?"
 
"You swore you wouldn't tell anyone."
 
  I knew that was intended for me. I chuckled, "My silence could have been had...if
  you'd just played ball."
 
"Frig that...you wanted to fuck me."
 
"Still does, the perv," Hillary added, with a smack. Leanne looked back at us
and then violently tested her cuffs. They weren't budging. She also kicked her
legs. I managed to keep them and me under control. As much as I wanted to jump
her, she wasn't ready yet.
 
"I have the feeling that she doesn't like you much," Hillary laughed and then
gave Leanne's ass four or five slaps that were the hardest so far. Leanne cried
out with each one. Hillary's face turned serious, "But she knew how much I hated
Danny and still...."
 
  More blows followed. I almost said something because I thought maybe Hillary
  was caught up in the moment. Leanne's ass was turning bright red.
 
"Why? Why?" Leanne sobbed, in her best Nancy Kerrigan impression.
 
"Funny, when the humiliation is on the other foot...." Hillary ran her hand over
Leanne's ass, and then she looked at me. "You're right, her ass was just made
for this."
 
  Leanne raised her hand again. I cleared my throat. "I think it's time to move
  on." Hillary nodded her head but delivered another blow anyway.
 
"You want to fuck her now?"
 
"Oh, yeah," I cheered, noticing Leanne peeking over her shoulder, with pleading
eyes, but I also knew that there was more to The Plan. I got Hillary's attention. "But
Leanne said something about that guy having sex toys, but the cop took them."
 
"Seems like loose lips run in the family," Hillary said, as she gave Leanne a
playful smack.
 
"Yeah, he had some, and the cop took them, and kept them, but...." Hillary jumped
off the bed. She picked up a handbag (hers? Leanne's?) and started fishing through
it.
 
  Leanne looked at me wide-eyed and then she snapped her head around. "Hilly,
  nooo."
 
"What? You got so excited when I showed them to you earlier." Hillary gave me
a wink, and I knew it was her bag and more of my well-spent money.
 
"What you got?" (I didn't know exactly what she'd bought at this point, so I
was excited.)
 
"Just a couple of simple things. Danny's were so gross, they were like power
tools or something. But they planted a seed." Hillary did keep it simple. There
was a smallish silver vibrator, a smaller purple one, and a tube of lubricant.
I picked up the purple thing. It felt like soft rubber.
 
"That's for your warm-up," Hillary winked. (I was really starting to like this
girl.)
 
  I smiled back. I was almost giddy. I'd never actually touched a sex toy, although
  I've seen them in action on the Net, but I was looking forward to seeing them
  used in person.
 
"But, we should start with this one." She held up the silver vibrator and twisted
it. It made a faint buzzing sound, but, when she ran it over my forearm, it gave
me goose bumps.
 
"Spread her legs."
 
"Yes, Ma'am." I followed her orders. Hillary teased the vibrator over Leanne's
red ass.
 
"That's enough!" Leanne cried out and snapped her legs away from my grip.
 
"It's this," Hillary said as she ran the vibrator down Leanne's ass-crack. "Or
more of this." Her hand came down with a stinging slap, even I jumped.
 
  Leanne cried out and then started crying. "Please, this is so humiliating.
  Not in front of him. Plus, he'll think we're lezzies."
 
"Tough!" Hillary snapped. "Glad the shoe's on the other foot for once."
 
  Hillary turned to me and glared. I mumbled an apology and grabbed Leanne's
  ankles again. It took some strength, as Leanne was fighting me, but I finally
  got them apart. Hillary slid the vibrator down along Leanne's pussy and began
  moving it back and forth.
 
"Did I tell you about the time when I played strip poker with Leanne and the
Kelly brothers and a couple of their friends?" Hillary said, although she was
focused on her work.
 
"Nah," I mumbled, focused on her actions, too.(This was much better than the
Net.)
 
"Well, I lost, big time. It was the first time, you know, naked, in front of
guys, and I hardly knew them," Hillary rambled. "Well, come to find out the game
was rigged, and Leanne knew all about it. I knew it was fishy. My luck ain't
that bad."
 
  I couldn't help but chuckle a little. It looked like the vibrator was working,
  as Leanne was starting to squirm. She had also temporarily stopped her complaining. 
 
"And there were other times, too, but...."
 
"Like the night that cop brought you home?" I said, hoping I wasn't bringing
this up too often.
 
"Yeah, that was another one. Thing is, she found out that she likes it. Being
under control. Lets her be bad without feeling so...."
 
"Guilty," I added.
 
"Right, like now. Me, I would just die if my girlfriend was using a vibrator
on my shaved pussy in front of my cousin, but her...she looks like she's going
to cum any sec."
 
  Leanne was really squirming now, moaning softly from time to time.
 
  I let go of her ankles and pulled on Hillary's arm. "Not yet."
 
  Hillary looked confused, and then she smiled, "Oh, yeah."
 
  (The whole premise of the plan was to get Leanne so turned on that she'd want
  to fuck anybody...er...me.)
 
"So let's move on to this," I said, picking up the purple toy.
 
  Hillary smiled wide. "Yeah, Leanne was really excited to try this one."
 
  Hillary dropped the silver vibrator on the bed. I laughed. "I think we can
  find a better place for that."
 
  Hillary flashed me a sly smile. Reading my mind, she picked up the vibrator
  and, spreading Leanne's pussy open with her other hand, slid the vibrator all
  the way in. Leanne whined. It also got to me.
 
  Hillary giggled, "Yeah, you're right, that's much better."
 
  She picked up the purple toy. My heart was really pounding now. My face also
  felt like it was on fire. I knew where this smaller one was going. Hillary
  squirted some lube on Leanne's asshole, and we both chuckled as Leanne's cringed.
 
"Easy, p-please," Leanne moaned when Hillary started running the toy over her
asshole. She took her time and slowly pushed it in with a twisting motion. Deeper
and deeper it went with every twist until just the top part of the toy could
be seen. Hillary turned to me for my reaction. I would have to say it was quite
the sight, both of Leanne's holes were now filled with man-made objects. But
was she ready for a man? 
    
I leaned forward and whispered to Hillary, "Ask her."
 
  Hillary nodded, clambered forward on the bed, and began whispering into Leanne's
  ear. I was praying for some relief, since my dick was as hard as I ever remembered.
 
"Nooo," Leanne moaned. I huffed, thinking she was ready.
 
  Hillary was doing more whispering, and Leanne answered by shaking her head. "Please
  let me go."
 
  Hillary kept it up. After a couple more minutes I heard Leanne mumble, "Ok." My
  ears perked up. Hillary slid down the bed. "She said yes."
 
"Really, but...."
 
"Ok, she doesn't want to, so I had to blackmail her a little."
 
  I was confused.
 
"I just said it was this or we'll never, you know, fool around anymore."
 
"Oh, I see," I said with a chuckle. (I don't know why I didn't think of that
in the first place.)
 
  Hillary smiled from ear to ear, "Get undressed." She pulled the silver vibrator
  out. "I'll play, too," she said devilishly. "You don't mind?"
 
"Not at all," I said, as I took off my shirt. I was about to take off my pants,
too, but I felt strange under Hillary's gaze.
 
"Something wrong?" she asked.
 
"Not really. I'm just...ah...could you, ah, like strip, too?" I stammered.
 
"Me?" (She wore a "that-wasn't-part-of-the-plan" look.) "Everything?"
 
"Yeah, you know, let's all get naked. It's a guy thing."
 
  She shook her head. "Men," she sighed, and then she pulled off her top.
 
"Very nice," I said, dropping my pants to the floor, while admiring her small,
but perky, breasts with shiny brownish nipples.
 
"They're not as big as hers, but it's what god gave me," she said, and then she
slid her shorts down her long legs and kicked them aside.
 
  I smiled, sliding my underwear down my legs. "I know what you mean."
 
  She look at me and then at my hardon and giggled, apologizing quickly. I shrugged
  my shoulders and theorized that she was laughing at my joke.
 
  Hillary helped Leanne into the doggie position and tossed the stuffed animal
  on the floor. She took out the purple toy, and then she beckoned.
 
  Crawling up on the bed, there was only one more thing I needed to hear. I pulled
  on the back of Leanne's hair until her face turned my way. Reading my face
  she tried to turn away, but I pulled harder.
 
"Owww.... Ok, ok, f-f-fuck me," she mumbled. It wasn't real convincing but....
 
  I turned to Hillary, "Spread her open."
 
  She bit her fingernail, "Open?"
 
"Yeah, her pussy."
 
"Oh, god, this ain't happening," Leanne moaned, while Hillary giggled, but moved
into position. She draped her arm across Leanne's lower back and then, using
both of her hands, pulled Leanne's ass-cheeks apart. I moved closer, but I still
wasn't satisfied. I had Hillary adjust her fingers and pull apart again, when
she did, Leanne's pussy gaped open. God what a sight!
 
  My target in sight, I shuffled forward. Hillary slowly let go, as I made my
  way into Leanne's pussy. I started slowly until I found my rhythm. I suddenly
  felt this strange tingle. It startled me. Hillary, kneeling by my side, pulled
  the vibrator from under Leanne's body and licked it a few times before returning
  it. I chuckled to myself as I almost forgot about that. It felt a little strange,
  but I got used to it. This went on for a couple of minutes.   
As much as I was enjoying fucking Leanne, Hillary looked so sexy I
    just had to try something. I placed my hand on her shoulder. "I need a little
    lubrication." I pulled out of Leanne and pulled Hillary closer. She whimpered,
    but wrapped her lips around my cock. I almost lost it right there, so I moved
    away. Needing a little break, I suggested that she lube up Leanne as well.
 
  She shook her head. "Perv." But then she leaned over and started licking Leanne's
  pussy. I took three or four turns between Leanne's pussy and Hillary's lips
  before I just couldn't hold out any longer. With Hillary sucking my cock I
  told her I was going to cum, and she pulled away, and I shot off on Leanne's
  ass.
 
  While I caught my breath, Hillary handed my some napkins (from Subway) and
  used some to wipe off Leanne's ass. She didn't look happy.
 
"Something wrong?" I asked Hillary.
 
"Not really," she said, and then she added with a shrug. "I just thought with
you being older.... Well, let's say I just expected MORE."
 
  I heard Leanne giggle, and Hillary joined in, and then they both broke out
  in laughter.
 
"Hey, I'm not done yet, just give me a minute." I said, getting a little perturbed
with their teasing.
 
"You had your shot." Hillary said, moving over to Leanne's cuffs. Acting on impulse,
I grabbed Hillary by the hair and flung her onto the bed.
 
"Leave her alone," Leanne cried out as she turned over. Hillary was also pleading.
 
  I shouted, "It ain't over till I say it is." Neither of them looked all that
  worried. (I look a lot tougher with my clothes on.)
 
"You guys are going to entertain me while I recharge. Why do girls always think
a guy can only go once?"
 
"Why should we?"
 
"Yeah."
 
  I guessed that I needed more ammo, so I had to think and quick. I moved over
  and opened Leanne's desk drawer. I started fishing around. Leanne was still
  giggling. I looked up to see that Hillary had unsnapped one of the cuffs. Leanne
  shook it free.
 
"Looking for my diary, you moron?" she said with a laugh, tossing the handcuffs
across the room. "You think I would leave my diary around where you could find
it?"
 
  I was a little flustered with the collapse of my plan, so it was time to go
  on instinct, because I was still horny for more, and I felt (with my thinning
  hair and expanding waist line) like I might not get many more chances with
  girls that look like this. I picked the toys off the bed. Both of the girls
  used a pillow to hide their nudity.
 
"What, you want a souvenir?" Leanne teased.
 
  I picked my pants off the floor and slid them on. Reaching into my pocket,
  I pulled out my cell phone. (I had an idea, it was lame, but I think they were
  just looking for an excuse. It wasn't like they were running for the door.)
 
  I opened up my phone. "It's a little late for Domino's," Leanne teased.
 
"Funny," I said, before I added, "No, I think it's time to call someone who might
find it interesting that her daughter was using sex toys on her friend."
 
"You wouldn't!" Hillary gasped. I nodded.
 
"He's not going to call your mom," Leanne said with a laugh. "He doesn't know
the 
  number."
 
  I read the phone number off my phone. "Remember, I called her earlier."
 
  More arguing ensued, but I held on to my threat. Leanne thought I was bluffing
  (and I was), but Hillary wasn't taking the chance.
 
"What do you want?"
 
"That's better," I said, with some silent cheering. And then I had a thought. "Ok.
I've heard two sides to this story about the night with that guy and that cop.
Well, you guys are going to SHOW me exactly what happened that night."
 
"Sh-show you?" Hillary whimpered.
 
  I nodded, probably with a sly grin.
 
"Yeah, well, it's getting late," Leanne noted.
 
"Well, then, we better get started," I said, looking at the clock. (It was late,
but hell, I'll sleep when I'm dead. This was too good to pass up.) "I know the
first thing that guy wanted was to see you both naked, so we're already at step
one. Just toss the pillows on the floor."
 
  Neither of the girls moved. I had to go over and tear the pillows away from
  them. "And he was sitting in between you guys." I put the toys and my cell
  phone on the chair and then sat down on the edge of the bed and motioned for
  the girls to take their places. They were slow moving, but I finally got Leanne
  on my right and Hillary on my left. I started getting that flushed feeling
  again and hoped I was up to the task.
 
"Ok, now what?" I asked. There was a long silence. I didn't say anything because
I was using the opportunity to calm down a bit.
 
"What happened next?" I said loudly, and the girls jumped.
 
"H-h-he, aaah," Leanne mumbled, "aah, touched our boobs."
 
"Ok." It was music to my ears. I started on Leanne, soft squeezes at first. She
tried to bat my hand away, but I used some force and got her to lean back on
her hands. She had to thrust her chest forward and arch her back. Her breasts
were all mine now. I'll admit I gave them a thorough going over. I'd never before
been privileged to have such large 
  tits to play with, so I got my fill. Funny, I felt that thrill, like a teenager
  again, getting to second base in the backseat of my car. I didn't give her
  the satisfaction of telling her how great her breasts were, but I'm sure my
  hardon was a dead giveaway.
 
"He touched OUR boobs," Leanne reminded me. I chuckled and turned to Hillary.
While her breasts were smaller, they were still fun to play with. Her nipples
were more pronounced, and they got a lot of play.
 
  I sat back and rubbed my palms together. "What next?" I was having a blast.
 
  I didn't get a response from either of them, so I thought like a teenager. "Did
  he go to third base?"
 
  Hillary simply nodded. I licked both of my index fingers and went to work.
  I think Leanne got the better of it because I'm right handed, but I did my
  best.
 
"What next? I said, licking my fingers clean.
 
"He made us do it."
 
"Le-anne!" Hillary cried out.   
"Well, he did."
 
  I slid to the floor to have a better look. Leanne was already playing with
  her pussy, but I had to grab Hillary's hand and place it on hers. Then I just
  sat back and watched the two of them play with themselves. I could only watch
  for so long. I moved over to Leanne and leaned forward.
 
"He didn't do that," she said, as my tongue ran along her pussy lips.
 
"Well, he should have," I managed between licks. I switched over to Hillary and
gave her a tongue bath, too. The little tube of lubricant lying on the floor
caught my eye. I had another idea. I had each of the girls bring their legs up
to their chests. They needed a little prodding but they were finally in position.
I gasped at the sight.
 
"Time for a rectal exam," I announced.   
I wasn't surprised at their fiery reaction. I had to endure some more
    name calling and arguing, before I had them back into position. (My lame
    threat was better than I thought.) I figured I'd start with Leanne, since
    she was already primed. I lubed up both my index fingers and then slowly
    worked one into Leanne's asshole and began moving it back and forth. I reached
    over and rubbed my other finger on Hillary's asshole.
 
  She screamed out when I slipped it inside to the first knuckle. "I just can't." She
  kicked me aside and hopped off the bed. "It's just too weird."
 
"Just let her go," Leanne said.   
Hillary threw on her shorts and shirt and picked up her bag. I was
    a little flustered, as I didn't predict this kind of reaction and didn't
    want her to leave.
 
"I'm sleeping on the couch," she said on her way out of the room. I locked the
door behind her.   
"Fuck!" I cursed, returning to the bed. (I was surprised to see that
    Leanne still had her legs up to her chest.)
 
"Looks like that tag-team blowjob is out," she quipped.
 
"Yeah. It looks like I'll just have to settle for some ass-fucking," I said,
dropping my pants to the floor again. I had really tired of her smart-ass attitude.
I used a little lube and stroked my cock. I slid Leanne over to the edge of the
bed.
 
"If it hurts, we stop?" she asked. I just nodded (but I wasn't sure) and slowly
slid my cock into her asshole. It felt amazing. Maybe it was just the perverseness
of it all. (It was almost surreal, like the Red Sox winning the World Series.)
I increased my tempo. I asked her if it hurt, and she shook her head, but she
did ask for the vibrator -- which she proceeded to use it on her pussy while
I fucked her ass.
 
"So, this is your first?" I asked, after a minute or two. (It certainly was MY
first butt-fuck. I didn't even know you were supposed to wear a rubber.)
 
  She nodded her head and grinned. "But I've been training."
 
"Training?"
 
"Yeah, Hilly's been helping -- first her fingers and then that little purple
thing."
 
"The purple little toy?" I mumbled, stopping my thrusts.
 
"Yeah, we bought it last week after you wired her all that money," she said,
smartly. I just chuckled, knowing I'd been played a fool.
 
"We've been friends since the first grade, dummy. A couple of the times when
she called you, I was sitting right by her side. Remember that call when you
two had phone sex? (I sure did!) Well, she wasn't touching herself like you were;
I was doing the rubbing."
 
"So you knew?" I asked, stating the obvious.
 
"Yeah, I knew about the plan all along, except for the spanking part. I owe Hillary
for that one. Honestly, it was kind of neat that someone went through all this
trouble to get into my pants," she said. "Or, should I say, 'into my ass'?" She
gave a throaty laugh. "I even took an enema, with Hillary's help, so I'd be squeaky
clean, you know?" 
    
I started my thrusts again, but I was still a little confused.  
"What?" Leanne moaned, probably reading my face.  
"If you knew...why?"  
"Why let you be the first to fuck my ass?"  
I nodded.  
Leanne giggled, "I just thought you had a good starter dick. Donny would
  have torn me apart. Anymore questions?"  
That put a stop to the talking. I increased my speed. I should have
    been insulted, but it felt amazing. It was also visually stimulating as well.
    I burnt it all into my memory. This time she came first (ok, maybe it was
    the vibrator). And then, with great self-control, I pulled out and climbed
    up on the bed. (I just had to cum on her glorious tits.) She even held them
    together for me.
 
  Afterwards, spent, I cleaned up with the napkins and then I shrugged into my
  pants and shirt. She made me check if the hall was clear before she scampered
  to the bathroom to use the shower. I went downstairs to grab a beer -- and
  to check on Adam, who was still snoring away. (I'm the world's worst babysitter.)
  Hillary was asleep on the couch, or was pretending to be. I had my beer and
  some leftover pizza with a sense of accomplishment. I mean, The Plan had to
  be graded on a curve, but the ultimate goal was reached.   
After that night things returned to normal (normal for our family,
    anyway).
 
  In the end, I realized there were three sex toys that night, the vibrator,
  the purple dildo, and me.
 
  Funny...I didn't mind.
 
   
  The End   
Thanks for reading my story.  
Your comments are always welcomed.  
Edited By C. Lakewood 
    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





