BDSM Library - The Revenge Of Jolly Roger




The Revenge Of Jolly Roger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An ex bordello bouncer seeks revenge for humiliation by a dominatrix and his victim is a lowly street hooker many miles away. Some of the characters made appearances in the "Memories of Long Tall Mary" series.THE REVENGE OF JOLLY ROGER by Long Tall Mary  
An ex bordello bouncer seeks revenge for humiliation by a dominatrix and
  his victim is a lowly street hooker many miles away. Some of the characters
  made appearances in the "Memories of Long Tall Mary" series.  
Codes: m/f, f/f, violent, torture, nc  
The past year had not been good to the Jolly Roger, a slovenly 5'11,270 pound,
  35 year old n'der well type with a checkered past and a less than rosy future.  
It started with the humiliation by a dominatrix at a bordello near Syracuse
  where Jolly Roger was employed as a bouncer. He was accustomed to making groping
  types of advances to some of the dominatrix but when he attempted this with
  a new hire, Cheryl, she reacted by kneeing him in the groin, grabbing him by
  what little hair he had left, and threatening to smash his fat face as well
  as do damage to his family jewels.  
The humiliation was too great and Jolly Roger quit the bordello and tried
  to find other underground employment. It was the best he could hope for as
  he was a convicted felon who had previously served time for rape and was a
  registered sex offender. When Roger attempted to enroll for computer dating
  he was rejected after they found his photo on the Sex Offender Registry website.  
With his parole having expired Jolly Roger decided to move to the Cleveland
  area and make a go of it there. He worked for awhile as a clerk at an adult
  book store but was fired for repeatedly making advances at the handful of females
  that patronized the store alone. He found part time construction work at a
  company run by his uncle and it was sufficient to pay for a ramshackle two
  room apartment in the Detroit Avenue section of Cleveland.  
Few attractive females would give Jolly Roger a second glance and even at
  the low life bars he patronized the most hardened bar sluts ignored him. The
  cumulative effects of sexual rejection was devastating to Roger's psych and
  nurtured a desire for revenge. Given his exposure to bordellos and adult book
  stores Roger was well acquainted with bondage techniques and he frequently
  fantasized of abducting some cock teaser or ideally a dominatrix.  
One morning about 1:30 as he left one of his watering holes on Detroit Avenue
  the Jolly Roger was propositioned by a street hooker whom he hadn't seen before.
  Appearing younger than 21 she was a rather pretty and petit blond classily
  attired in knee length boots. a black vinyl mini and leather coat over a tight
  fitting white sweater. She looked a cut above the typical streetwalker and
  he sized her up as a suburban addict working as an independent and craving
  the next fix.  
Introducing herself as Cathy she offered a backseat blowjob for $50.00 which
  Roger considered excessive. This slut would provide more than a blowjob for
  free and not in the backseat of his car. Roger played along trying to haggle
  down the price but she held at $50.00. He shelled out the $50.00 and moments
  later both were in the backseat of Roger's run down Taurus sedan.  
Without warning Roger delivered a hard blow with his right fist to her temple
  stunning her into semi consciousness. In anticipation of a situation such as
  this Roger carried a gym bag in the trunk when he quickly retrieved before
  Cathy could regain her senses. The bag was a well stocked abductors kit including
  steel handcuffs, duct tape, a leather bondage hood, plastic cuffs and a stun
  gun. Roger's blow to the temple had done the job, there was no immediate need
  for the stun gun as he only lived four blocks away.  
Roger moved quickly using two pair of steel handcuffs, one to cuff her hands
  behind her and the other to cuff her ankles together. A strip of duct tape
  over her mouth silenced her and the leather bondage hood was applied leaving
  only an opening for the mouth and nose, she was completely blinded. Knowing
  that most street walkers carry weapons Roger conducted a cursory search expecting
  to uncover a switch blade but was quite surprised to find a loaded .25 caliber
  pistol tucked inside her boot. A pillbox in her bra contained four rocks of
  crack cocaine as well as $200.00 in twenties.  
Jolly Roger moved quickly to transport his captive to his apartment before
  she came to and attempted to struggle in the vehicle. Fortunately the lady
  living on the first floor was away on vacation and of the two upstairs apartments
  one was vacant. Roger was able to sling the whore over his shoulder and carry
  her upstairs just as she was beginning to make sounds through her gag. Once
  upstairs no one would hear her cries even ungagged and Roger's imagination
  was not lacking as to how she would be confined and put to use.  
Roger knew that once the bitch came to she would react violently. Never having
  used his stun gun he decided it would be a good time to see its effect first
  hand so a charge was delivered to the still dazed harlot and this caused her
  to slump into unconsciousness. Knowing she would be conscious in about twenty
  minutes Roger set about preparing her for the tortures he had planned for her.  
First he stripped her of every piece of clothing including the boots and
  a more thorough search was made which revealed nothing additional. She was
  attached to the bed lying on her stomach in a spread eagle with a leather cuff
  attached to each wrist, the steel cuffs were used to attach these to opposite
  ends of the headboard. An improvised spreader bar kept her legs apart, the
  bondage hood was removed with the duct tape staying in place over her mouth.  
Slowly the implications of this abduction began to set in. It was indeed
  a crime of opportunity as the Jolly Roger's first preference was to abduct
  and torture a dominatrix but that required great sophistication. If his current
  captive were released and chose to go to the police she could identify him
  easily enough and it didn't help that his DNA profile was in a national data
  bank from his previous rape conviction.  
Wasting the bitch was out of the question but keeping her for a few days
  and then selling her into slavery was within the bounds of the Jolly Roger's
  depravity. He knew of a motorcycle gang that was reputed to be involved in
  the abduction of females and transporting them to Mexico or Central America
  for enslavement. In his state of inebriation it never occurred to Jolly Roger
  that a motorcycle gang had little incentive to purchase a abducted female from
  a looser like himself when it could easily do the job itself and that experienced
  hookers were not the favorite candidates for enslavement. It was much more
  gratifying to snatch a mainstream female and train her for sexual servitude.  
For all his street smarts the Jolly Roger was unable to overcome a long term
  drinking habit. His inebriation had proven costly in the past resulting in
  the rape for which he served time. Numerous fights and ejections from bars
  had been precipitated by inappropriate alcohol induced advances to females.
  While his size gave him a pugilistic advantage he had been knocked unconscious
  more than once and he could never overcome the humiliation inflicted by Cheryl
  the dominatrix.  
The Jolly Roger had once aspired to belong to an outlaw biker gang and had
  served a brief probationary period with such a gang in Upstate New York but
  once again his drinking habit proved to be self defeating. He precipitated
  a bar room brawl without permission resulting in several gang members being
  arrested and he repeatedly made inappropriate advances to female gang members.
  This resulted in a vicious beating inflicted by and expulsion from the gang.  
Jolly Roger's thoughts centered on the here and now and with Cathy regaining
  consciousness he proceeded with his scheme of sexual abuse and torture. Turning
  her head to the side she could see her captor smiling and holding the emptied
  .25 caliber pistol in his hand. The suggestion that he would use the device
  to vaginally fist her caused her to plead desperately through her gag as the
  Jolly Roger reveled with delight.  
Propping her ass up with a pillow Jolly Roger got his first feel of her pussy,
  fingering it in a crude manner, and finding it suitably tight and lubricated.
  In no hurry to fuck her he tormented her instead by using a huge hand held
  vibrator and by announcing his plans to sell her into slavery. So far it had
  all been a monologue with Jolly Roger doing all the talking. The gag had been
  left in place not to prevent neighbors from hearing her but to produce the
  erotic moaning sounds so craved by males.  
As the Jolly Roger relaxed on the couch drinking a can of beer Cathy reflected
  on what was happening. She desperately wanted to talk with her captor convinced
  she could dissuade him from his slavery scheme. Barely 18 years old Cathy had
  quite school her senior year and hanging around with the wrong crowd she soon
  led to an expensive crack habit. It was inevitable she would turn to prostitution
  to support this habit.  
Cathy had a streak of independence about her and this led her to work as
  an independent street walker instead of working for a pimp or escort service.  
However she was not savvy enough to appreciate the dangers posed by turf
  infringement. One day she was grabbed by two mean female hookers, handcuffed
  and forced into the back of van. After being severely beaten the two hookers
  took turns brutally ass fucking her with a dildo, one fucked while the other
  drove. This went on for nearly ninety minutes before she was dumped out with
  a warning not to infringe on their turf in the future.  
Following that incident Cathy had purchased the cheap pistol for self protection
  but had never even fired it. Having changed her operating area she had felt
  quite safe as she propositioned the rotund drunk leaving the tavern. Now having
  been punched in the head and zapped by a stun gun, she found herself once again
  in handcuffs and about to be subjected to violent torture. The thought of having
  to go cold turkey from her crack cocaine only increased her anguish as she
  had never been more than twenty four hours without a fix.  
As desperate as she was for a fix Jolly Roger needed some sleep after a night
  of drinking and with his captive occupying the only bed that meant sleeping
  on the couch. To discourage any thoughts of escape he buckled a thick leather
  collar onto Cathy and used a short chain to attach it to the headboard making
  it impossible to lift her head. The bondage hood was reaffixed to her and assured
  she wouldn't even be aware that he was asleep. Jolly Roger was not lacking
  in bondage imagination and knew that prolonged stringent restraint coupled
  with sensory deprivation would tame the most defiant of bitches.  
As the Jolly Roger awakened from his schnooze reality began to set in. Here
  in his apartment was an abducted female lying naked on his bed cuffed hand
  and foot, gagged and blindfolded. The likelihood of selling her into enslavement
  now seemed far fetched, once again Jolly Roger had acted on an alcohol induced
  impulse and now had to make a decision what to do with the whore that would
  assure he would not be a resident of the Ohio Department of Corrections for
  the next decade.  
He started by removing Cathy's bondage hood, collar chain and tape gag. Desperate
  after nearly three hours of immobilization and sensory deprivation she pleaded
  with him to release her, she would service him sexually in any way he desired
  and she would never trouble him again. The Jolly Roger just chuckled before
  reminding Cathy he wasn't born yesterday and trying hard to convince her he
  had a prospective buyer for her. But just maybe he hinted if she were to enter
  into a pimp/hooker relationship with him he might reconsider.  
While Cathy fashioned herself a street savvy hooker she could not be sure
  if Jolly Roger's threats of selling her were credible, she had heard of other
  streetwalkers disappearing but assumed they were runaways. This guy was vicious
  and cruel but seemingly a mental non sophisticate yet he clearly had the upper
  hand. The last thing she wanted was a pimp but was prepared to say or do anything
  to escape her plight.  
Jolly Roger had his own sexual preferences when it came to hookers. Many
  years ago after having straight sex with a hooker he suffered a bout of syphilis
  and that made him forever weary of such engagements. He took a ring gag and
  affixed it tightly to his captive enabling him to involuntarily mouth fuck
  her. Leaving her in the same spread eagle on her stomach he positioned himself
  so that he was seated at the head of the bed with her mouth accessible to his
  cock. Grabbing her by the hair and inserting he proceeded to slowly rock her
  head back and forth for about five minutes before ejaculating his wad of semen
  into her mouth and forcing her to swallow it.  
For safe sex nothing beats torture and Jolly Roger was eager to put to use
  a flogger he had stolen from the bordello near Syracuse. In all his years he
  had only once had the pleasure of flogging another female and this too was
  at the bordello. Felicia Porter, one of the dominatrix there, felt so sorry
  for the fat slob that for his birthday present she allowed him to use a flogger
  on her.  
Jolly Roger wasted no time putting the flogger to use on his captive. Leaving
  her in the same face down position he used triple pillows to prop up her ass
  making it and especially her fuck hole much more accessible. Jolly Roger proceeded
  to deliver nearly forty lashes of varying intensities , her suppressed cries
  of pain proved extremely arousing for him. His lack of skill and experience
  in flagellation assured she would suffer protracted pain and welts.  
It was necessary to leave the captive unattended for about two hours to enable
  Jolly Roger to make some inquiries concerning her sale. She reverted to her
  previous restraint mode with the immobilizing collar chain and wearing the
  leather hood. The ring gag enabled her to breath normally while preventing
  any meaningful speech. This sensory deprivation combined with music playing
  prevented her from being cognizant of his coming or going.  
Jolly Roger paid a visit to a bar frequented by one of the local outlaw gangs.
  Fortunately he was acquainted with the honcho and he felt comfortable making
  his sale proposition. The honcho replied his gang wasn't into that type of
  activity but that he would give Jolly Roger's phone number to someone who might
  be more knowledgeable. After downing a quick beer and shot and ordering a round
  of drinks for the half dozen or so bikers he headed for home, quite pessimistic
  about the chances of a sale.  
Much to his surprise before arriving home he received a call from a male
  identifying himself only as "Max" and offering to meet "to have a look at your
  merchandise". Elated Jolly Roger gave directions and Max promised to be there
  within the hour.  
Forty five minutes later Jolly Roger met Max at the first floor entrance.
  A 30ish muscular skinhead looking type, Roger vaguely recalled having seen
  him somewhere in the past. But in this business you don't ask questions and
  after donning a ski mask Max was shown the merchandise. Jolly Roger removed
  the bondage hood and all but the spreader bar from the captive allowing him
  to position her standing up for inspection.  
Max said little and declined an offer to sample the merchandise. In short
  order he offered $1000.00 for the acquisition with pick up to be made about
  10:00 that evening. Jolly Roger readily accepted and Max used a syringe to
  inject his new property with a sedative as this would serve to alleviate any
  crack withdrawal symptoms and make her more manageable for transport. Cathy
  was clearly dejected as Jolly Roger restored her to the previous restraint
  arrangement. He then celebrated with the second beer and shot of the day and
  by reclining on the couch to view a pornographic video.  
Max was a representative of a satanic group with a compound in New Mexico.
  Ruled by a Koresh like prophet females were enslaved and considered communal
  property to serve at the pleasure of the male cult members. The majority of
  the female cult members were runaways or accepted invitations to visit but
  occasionally one was taken in captivity.  
Jolly Roger was never to be made aware of Cathy's destination, she herself
  would learn only upon arriving at the compound.  
Cathy spent her final day in Cleveland heavily sedated and in tight restraint.
  Although she was ungagged she made no effort to plead with Jolly Roger and
  resigned to her fate. Promptly at 10:00 Max and a female arrived, neither wore
  a mask for the pick up. The female was also a 30iish looking type with punk
  style red hair. She showed no emotion and neither made any effort to interact
  with Jolly Roger other than Max giving him an envelope containing payment and
  directing him to remove his restraints from Cathy.  
Seemingly oblivious to Jolly Roger's presence the cult duo moved with swift
  precision. After Max injected Cathy with additional sedative she was afforded
  the privilege of having both anal and vaginal dildos inserted and chained in
  place. This was done by the female slaver and in a purposely painful manner.
  Cathy was then ordered to put on an orange jail jumpsuit after which a waist
  belt was attached and her hands were cuffed to her sides.  
Cathy's mouth was taped and a ski mask was placed backwards over her head.
  The tape and blindfold were only temporary until she could be secured in the
  soundproofed transport vehicle. She was led down the stairs by the couple to
  a waiting 16' moving van. Inside the cargo area and securely bolted to the
  floor was a metal cage not large enough to stand in and Cathy was placed inside.
  A set of leg irons were attached to the front bars of the cage assuring she
  would be forced to remain in the same seated position. The cage and rear van
  doors were locked.  
The whole operation had taken less than ten minutes. With Max driving the
  van pulled out of the driveway and headed for the interstate on the first leg
  of Cathy's journey to cult enslavement.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Long Tall Mary


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





