BDSM Library - Abigail's End




Abigail's End
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Abigail's life reaches its conclusion in utter servitude to those whom she wronged in "Abigail's Ordeal".Abigail's End   
In the Presidential Palace, there is a dining room where only the most trusted
  and honoured of the dictator's guests are ever entertained. Here are the most
  decadent and opulent symbols of his power. Perhaps the most decadent and opulent
  symbol of all is the white statue holding a finger-basin by the entrance.  
On the wall behind the statue, in an arc over its head, the inscription reads, "To
  the twin virtues of humility and obedience." It is a naked woman, and her name
  was once "Abigail".  
The observant visitor might notice that she has her feet bolted to the plinth,
  her legs tightly pressed against one another to enable her to accommodate the
  shafts of metal passing through her feet. Her arms are outstretched, tied to
  a long, gold crossbar by chains that pass through holes in her small palms,
  and wrap around emblems representing the virtues inscribed on her plinth. Since
  the emblems are too large to pass through the hole, she is held firmly in place
  by them.  
She is nude, and every part of her is fully visible to those who want to
  look. Her beautiful labia and clitoris may be examined (and touched) by any
  who want a closer look, for just like a statue, there is not one hair on Abigail's
  body, except for the chestnut locks that hang down her back. Her remarkably
  smooth mons veneris has been remarked upon by many. However, there is not unrestricted
  access. In her labia minora are implanted three pairs of silver eyelets, and
  these are locked together using small golden padlocks to bar any access to
  her vagina.  
Now we come to the basin itself. Abigail's breasts have, it seems, had holes
  put in, just like the ones in her hands and feet, running horizontally through
  the fleshiest part. Through these tunnels is passed a metal bar with a hoop
  on either end. Attached to the hoops are chains from which hangs the basin
  itself. This is a small trough, about 4" wide (front to back) by 12" long (side
  to side) by 3 inches deep, and it is filled with rose water.  
When the honoured guest has thus washed his fingers ready for the meal ahead,
  or perhaps before he moves on to another engagement, he will wish to dry them.
  In Abigail's nose there is a small ring, and through it is hung a thin towel,
  that drapes down between her nipples. Guests may take the towel in both hands,
  or may choose to wipe their hands over Abigail's breasts to get dry.  
When any new guest asks about Abigail, he is always told, "She is a volunteer,
  who immigrated from America to set an example to her countrymen. She will never
  speak a word of protest, and will always be happy to serve." It is true that
  she will not speak a word of protest, for she has been rendered unable to speak
  at all. Despite the President's words, it is rumoured that Abigail was once
  an idealistic young woman who embarked on a lesbian affair with the President's
  wife while campaigning for women's equality. If that is true, then she has
  clearly been taught the error of her ways.  
If Abigail should ever spill any water from her basin, bend her knees even
  once during the evening, or in any other way fail to fulfil her role as washbasin,
  then she will have to stand where she is for another 24 hours after the last
  guest has departed, and a pot of water will be balanced on her head. This will
  be practice for the next time. If the pot of water should have fallen, or any
  more water been spilt, during those 24 hours, then Abigail will be whipped
  harshly for her failure to live up to the virtues to which she is dedicated.  
When the evening is over, it is time for Abigail to be packed away. She does
  not stand there all the time, but is brought out for special occasions. The
  President's most trusted servants are given the task of removing the statue-woman
  to her storage place.  
It is always a relief to Abigail when the servants come to remove the basin.
  As soon as they have touched it, they are responsible for any spillages. The
  basin is unhooked from the bar, and taken away to be cleaned and rinsed. Then
  the metal bar is retracted from Abigail's breasts, cleaned and put into a velvet-lined
  box (labelled with the logo of "DeMoeira Correctional Industries, Inc.), where
  all Abigail's accoutrements are stored when not in use. Out of the box comes
  Abigail's sleeve, washed and rinsed while she has been on duty. It is a clinging
  rubber garment that wraps around her torso, over her bosom and directly under
  her armpits. It is moulded so as to hug her tightly like a corset, pinching
  her waist slightly and clasping her breasts close and constricted to her chest.
  It is pulled tighter yet by the servants as they fasten the buckles at the
  back. Then the emblems of humility and obedience are extracted from the chains,
  and placed in the box with the crossbar and chains. Another rubber sleeve is
  revealed, and the servants pull Abigail's hands behind her back. Her hands
  are bolted together in the same manner as her feet are bolted to the floor.
  Then the sleeve is run up, over her hands and arms, right up almost to her
  shoulders (the rubber around her torso is always drawn even tighter than before
  as Abigail's arms are pinned ever more tightly back). This also is buckled
  close.  
Around Abigail's hair, along its length, are tied five elastic bands, so
  that the hair hangs straight in a single column down her back. Around her throat
  a rubber collar is placed, and it is tall, covering part of her shoulders,
  all of Abigail's neck and under her chin, forcing her head into an upright,
  almost reverent posture.  
Abigail's feet are then unfastened from the floor, the nuts undone, and the
  rubber washers that match the contours of her feet packed away. They lift Abigail
  from the bolts that are set into the floor, and place her facedown on the ground,
  while they slip a third sheath of rubber onto her legs. This one reaches almost
  to her hips, but does not cover her groin.  
Once they have finished, they pour water into her mouth: always the same
  amount, as instructed by their employer. Abigail swallows it all, for it is
  thirsty work that she has done. Then she is carried in her rubber cocoon on
  the shoulders of the servants, down to the basement. There, a drawer with her
  name on it awaits her. It has a soft lining that is moulded to fit the form
  of her sleeping body, and the servants lie her on her back. Her rubber-clad
  arms fit neatly into the hollow provided for them, so that her blood can flow
  freely. They insert a catheter to her urinary tract, the tube of which leads
  to a regularly emptied receptacle. Two more tubes are placed between her lips.
  Sucking on one will bring a food pellet that she can chew and swallow. The
  other has a teat that delivers drinking water when required There are limited
  amounts of each supply. Abigail is only ever brought out of her drawer once
  a day to defecate, except on those occasions when she is to be used for something.
  She is not only a washbasin, but has other uses. Sometimes, the President himself
  wishes to have sex with her. Always she is made to kneel, forehead and forearms
  on the floor, while the venerated leader takes his pleasure of her. It is the
  most humiliating and submissive of positions, as he imprints upon her his power.  
Now at last, Abigail can sleep. Nothing else will happen until tomorrow.
  Does she dream of her night of passion with the First Lady? Does she remember
  a life as a free, independent woman of America, far, far away? Nobody will
  tell, for she cannot.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebel Snowdrop


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





