BDSM Library - Turned On By The Load




Turned On By The Load
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nelly has a profound desire to play with the load of her boyfriends but not many are interested in her games. With Martin she gets the opportunity of living out her dreams,  together and on her own.
TURNED ON BY THE LOAD
(FM, Exhibition, Enema, Scatology, Watersports, Home, Park, nc, Serious)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

She started to suck my duck in that nice way I loved, over and over again. I was close to come 
when she moved down and started to lick my balls instead. Teasing me like this was some 
that she loved or at least she enjoyed. This time she continued though and moved down to my 
anus and started licking my asshole. I didn't know how to react as it was something I 
shouldn't like, still it turned me on and my dick got harder. She continued licking my asshole 
then slowly she stuck her tongue inside of me and started fucking my ass. I tried to say no, but 
she kept on going and the more she did it the more I loved it. She stopped after a while and 
said:
- I love kissing and playing with your ass, it turns me on so much.
Then she continued fucking me this way and by now I got used to her treatment. I must admit 
that it also turned me on. She kept on going for 15 or 20 minutes trying to get as far inside as 
possible and when she got out of me I could hear her saying how much she loved it. When she 
was done, she got on top of me and started to ride my dick. I couldn't hold back and came 
almost right away. She smiled at me and got down on my side and gave me a kiss on the 
cheek. I could sense the smell of my ass on her tongue but finally I gave her a kiss on her 
mouth in return and said: 
- You are a strange girl I must say. No one I have dated has done that before.
- Thanks for letting me go ahead, she replied. I have had some dates that have thrown me out 
of bed when I have tried to do it, but you just went along with my desires. That really turns 
me on, but I want more if it is okay with you?
- That depends, I said. What do you mean?
- I want to play with your load, as you let go with it. I would like to take it in my hands and 
play with it. Do you think you could help me fulfil my fantasies?
- Well I'm not quite sure, I answered slowly. I'm not in for that myself, but I can try and make 
it good for you.
- Thanks, she said and she put her arms around me. I hope we can do it later today or 
tomorrow. I just need you now so much and I love you for doing it.
The conversation ended and Nelly was very happy there by my side.

We stayed in bed for a couple of hours before we got up and the rest of the day past quickly. 
We never had any time left to play with each other and what promised before was gone, at 
least that was what I thought. Next morning Nelly asked me gently, when we woke up.
- Do you believe that you hold back from shitting this morning, so we play a little some time 
after lunch?
- Oh I almost forgot about that, I replied. Do you really want to go along with it?
- Yes, I can't wait until it's time.

The morning passed and it was difficult just to have a pee without letting go of my load. Later 
we had lunch and then we relaxed on the sofa, by now I just couldn't hold back anymore so I 
told her.
- Okay I think I have to go. Do you still want to go ahead?
- It's about time, she replied. I am so tense of doing this. Take off you cloths and I will get 
some towels.
She went away while I got undressed. I was sitting naked on the bed when she returned and 
she said:
- This is great, I've been waiting for a moment like this. 
- What do you want to do, I asked her.
- What I really want you to do is to get you on your four here on the floor, like a real stud. 
When you are comfortable you will start pushing while I will be waiting behind you and 
taking care of your load.
This sounded ok for me, as I didn't have to be more involved in it than that. I got down on my 
four, Nelly pulled out a towel underneath and then she started kissing my ass. It felt strange 
but at the same time it turned me on. After a minute or two, I started to push and I could feel how 
I let my load came out. Nelly kept licking around my asshole but I never could see any of my 
shit falling down to the floor. I took a minute or two until I was done, then I turned around to 
look at her.

I was surprised with what I saw. There she was sitting in front of me with my entire load in 
her hands and with her nose in it. She slowly pulled out her tongue to taste it and I could see 
on her face how much she loved it. Then she took the load and started to put it over her tits 
and all the rest of her body. She was breathing faster and faster and I realised this something 
that really turned her on. After a while she said to me:
- Please lick my pussy, I need to come, I must come now, please.
With that shit all over her body it didn't feel good, but I went down and started to lick her 
pussy. We kept on for quite a while as she touched her body and I was playing with her 
underneath. Then in the end she came and I could pull out. Nelly continued to play with 
herself, while I had to go a take a shower. When I returned she was still sitting on the floor 
playing with her. She saw me and turned around:
- I love you for letting me do this. There is so much more I want to do, if you let me. Do you 
think we could play a little next weekend?
I hesitated but with the joy I could see on her face right there, I just couldn't say no.

The week passed like always quickly and by the end of that Friday I knew she was up to 
something. We had a late dinner with beer and before that she asked me not to get the 
restroom. I really had to pee in the end but I tried to control myself. After the dinner Nelly 
asked me:
- I guess you wonder what I want you to do now, but I have something in mind. I would like 
you to pee and shit in your pants, while I'll be on my knees in front of you. Will you do that 
for me?
I had already said yes, to play with her so I went along. We went into the bedroom and I had 
my jeans on. I tried to loosen it up a little bit to make room for my load. Then I started to push 
and first of all I started to pee in my pants. Nelly put her mouth to my jeans to suck and taste 
it. After a while I tried to get my shit out, but it was hard to get room for it in my pants. 
Slowly I managed and Nelly was now behind me smelling and biting my ass. She 
was really turned on and I could see that she had also peed in her pants. When I was done, I 
turned to her with a smile that she returned. Then she opened up my trousers and slowly 
pulled them down. I could see how much she loved it. When my trousers and underwear was 
off, she took some paper to wipe the worst of the shit from my ass. After that she licked me 
clean over and over again. She also stuck her tongue into my ass like the last weekend. 

I was done now but Nelly had just started. First of all she started to play with my load taking 
it in her hands putting some of it on her tits and other places of her body. For me it was 
enough, so I took a shower while she continued to play with herself. When I was done I 
looked into the bedroom and I saw how she was occupied of this passion. After one hour she 
took a shower and joined me in the living room, to watch some TV before we went to bed. 

At breakfast next morning she said that she would like to wet her pants in public. So after the 
breakfast she put on a miniskirt and a shirt. We went into a park nearby holding hands, talking 
about different things. Then she stopped and went into some bushes. There she made me hold 
her from behind, while she held my arms. I could feel when she started to pee and it poured 
down her legs. In a while she started to shit as well and all her load stayed in her underwear. 
She smiled at me and gave me kiss. When all this was done, we went out of the bushes and 
we continued our walk in the park, with Nelly's underwear filled with shit and wet from her 
pee. It didn't smell good, but she really loved it.

Back in the apartment she took a shower and after that she came into the living room with a 
diaper for adults attached to her and another in her hand. She came up to me and said:
- Martin, I would like you to wear this today. Will you do that for me?
I took the diaper and put it on, even if it felt strange. When I was done I just had to pee in it to 
see how it felt. The rest of day went on without anything special going on, except that both of 
us only wore diapers. Late that afternoon Nelly asked me to join her in the bedroom and I 
realised that she wanted to do something more.
- Have filled yours with your load, dear? She asked me.
- No not yet, do you want me to? I replied.
- Please do that and I'll be happy.
I slowly started to push and soon I filled the whole diaper. Then we held each other while she 
did the same. By now I was so turned on by her that I just had to fuck her and I said
- I can't wait any longer.  Get on the bed so I can fuck your pussy, please do that for me. 
She responded right away and went into the bed with her diaper still attached to her lying on 
the bed she slowly opened it and the smell came right at me. Then she took my diaper off and 
placed it beside of her. I was so horny now that I just ran my dick in her started to fuck her 
wild. I went on for quite longer than I expected and when I was done I filled her pussy with 
my cum. Afterwards I withdraw and took another shower while Nelly continued to play with 
the diapers. After the shower I went into the living room with just a towel around my waist. I 
guess it took a couple of hours before Nelly went for a shower and I knew that she had the 
chance to play with both mine and hers shit. She entered the living room all naked when she 
was done and came up to me on the sofa.
- I love you Martin, for being so nice and giving me an opportunity to do all this. It feels like I 
could go on forever, but I don't want to scare you off. 
She kissed my cheek and I smiled at her and then I said.
- Do you want more after all this?
- It is hard not to, it just turns me on.
I look at her again, and then I lifted my legs so my ass was all open for her. She was surprised 
by my move and looked at me puzzled. Then I said to her
- Dear, if you really love it, then fuck my ass with your tongue another time.
It was just a matter of seconds until she started to lick my ass and it felt good. Slowly she 
started to penetrate me while I enjoyed her treatment. I guess we went on for an hour before 
she had enough. Then she got up behind me and gave me another hug. I looked at her and 
couldn't resist giving her a kiss, so my clean tongue met hers newly assfucked tongue. She 
was really great, even if she had a strange passion. After the kiss she let me go and whispered.
- I'll do anything to be with you as long as you let me play like this once in a while. 
I knew then that I had friend for life that I could expect the most of.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





