BDSM Library - Traitors! Female Execution in the Reich




Traitors! Female Execution in the Reich
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Seven beautiful German housewives are convicted of conspiring to assasinate the Fuerher. All are found guilty and sentenced to... Traitors!  Female Execution in the Reich  by
  Jill Crokett  
Note from the author: This story is historical fiction and all names are
  fictitious. Any similarity to the name of any person, living or dead, (other
  than Eva Braun) is purely coincidence. Thank you for taking the time to read
  this, and I sincerely hope you enjoy it. Your personal comments are welcome
  at jcrokett@yahoo.com. Please state your sex and your general location (e.g.,
  the state or country you reside in), and briefly state which part of the story
  you enjoyed most. Thank you, Jill The Trial   
The courtroom is small but well lit, furnished only with a dozen wooden folding
  chairs and several long wooden tables that appear to be nothing more than portable
  folding banquet tables. The off-white colored room is undecorated except for
  the large red, white, and black swastika banner, hanging directly behind the
  seated judge. A lone large black-and-white framed photo of the Fuehrer hangs
  next to it.  
The judge's judicial bench appears to be nothing more than another uncovered
  folding banquet table. On the judge's makeshift desk, in addition to his hat,
  gloves, and cigarette lighter, is a short stack of document files and two black
  rotary telephones, their thick, straight cords dangling to the floor. Several
  meters to the judge's right is a small three-man film crew in crisp-pressed
  brown enlisted SA field dress, their camera facing the accused. One member
  of the crew is operating a large reel-to-reel tape recorder.  
The judge, a handsome, distinguished-looking middle-aged man with dark salt-and-pepper
  hair combed straight back, wears a grey wool Weirmacht officers' uniform with
  the insignia of a full colonel. His stern face stares blankly as he lights
  another Turkish cigarette. The room is silent except for the click of his cigarette
  lighter and the occasional faint buzz of the movie camera.  
There are no spectators in the classroom sized courtroom other than half-a-dozen
  high-ranking uniformed SS officers and fifteen-or-so helmeted elite SS guards
  who stand careful watch over the seven female prisoners. The officers and guards
  each fully understand that they would face unspeakable discipline from their
  superiors should one of the prisoners even temporarily escape.  
There are no females in the room other than the accused, each of who has
  just been found guilty of the highest crime imaginable in the Third Reich;
  conspiracy, along with 37 other males, in a failed plot to assassinate the
  Fuehrer.  
There is no jury. The accused female participants in the bomb plot were tried
  together in a single 20-minute trial. Each had just been pronounced guilty
  by the presiding SS colonel, who serves as judge, jury, and chief executioner.
  As he deeply exhales his cigarette the colonel inquires "who among you is menstruating
  at this time?" Two of the seven women open their eyes more widely and nod. "If
  you are lying, you will regret it" he says. "Take them out."  
As the two women are removed by guards, the colonel picks up one of the telephones. "Prepare
  for five&hellip;yes five, in, in about 20 minutes." The colonel quickly hangs
  up the phone and inhales deep on his cigarette. He looks at the remaining five
  women that he is about to condemn. They breathe rapidly as they stand in a
  line elbow to elbow facing him, their wrists handcuffed in front of them, their
  eyes wide with the terror of anticipation. Ranging in age from 28 to 50, each
  appears somewhat matronly in their drab wartime dress. Each is dressed in similar
  state-rationed attire consisting of a dark wool skirt, long sleeved white blouse,
  and short-pump black shoes with knee-high faux-silk hose. Several have their
  hair up in a tight bun behind their head. Two are somewhat overweight, with
  slight saddle-bag hips. One of the women is a medical doctor. Four are housewives
  and mothers, three of whose husbands have already been condemned in the plot.  
The colonel turns and orders the camera crew to begin filming. It will be
  his personal gift to the fuehrer. Then, as he tilts his chin up to place a
  cigarette to his lips, the colonel orders "prepare the ankles." As the women's
  eyes open wide, pairs of guards immediately bend down behind the women, lifting
  each foot one at a time to slip off shoes. Each woman feels two pairs of hands
  move up to her knees and pull down her hose. Next she feels a small, wide black
  leather harness being firmly strapped around each ankle. The colonel then orders
  the women to place their cuffed hands straight above their heads.  
As the women stand facing the judge, their arms stretched overhead in submission,
  each now feels a soldier's hands around her waist, unbuttoning her skirt. As
  the skirts are slowly undone the colonel speaks:  
"As brave young men die on the front to protect the fatherland, you have
  been protected, saved from combat because of your femininity. Tonight, each
  of will regret that you were born female."  
With those words, several of the condemned women begin crying aloud. As their
  tears rolled down, all five wool skirts drop to the floor, quickly followed
  by panties, revealing five dark, thick, curly bushes.  
Dr. Stephie Nollendorf, a career professional woman, had been one of the
  feuhrer's personal staff doctors, working as a gynecologist and obstetrician,
  providing care to Eva Braun and other females in the fuerher's entourage. She
  was 43 years old, 5'6" tall, medium build with large D-cup pendulous breasts,
  and somewhat overweight at 157 lb. She had short brown hair, pale white skin,
  brown eyes, and attractive facial features. Standing with her arms overhead,
  now wearing only a white blouse, the saddlebags she had inherited from her
  mother were clearly visible to a room full of male eyes. Of the five women
  who now stood in half naked submission before the colonel, she was the only
  one who had no children and had never given birth. The colonel approached her.  
"Doctor Nollendorf" he said as he began to unbutton her blouse "I'm sure
  the other women here, being mothers themselves, know full well what happens
  in the delivery room, but please, for the benefit of my younger soldiers, use
  your expertise to tell us what you do to prepare a woman for childbirth if
  she comes to you in full labor?&quot;  
As Stephie nervously begins to give a technical description of the breaking
  an expectant mother's water, the colonel, who signals for her handcuffs to
  be removed so he can pull her now unbutton blouse over her head, stops her.  
&quot;No, no doctor, take it from the beginning, from the moment a husband
  brings his wife, in labor, into the hospital, what is the first thing you would
  do to prepare her for childbirth."  
Stephie hesitates slightly as her blouse is lifted off her up stretched arms
  by a soldier standing behind her. "We would first strip her completely naked" she
  says meekly.  
"Speak up doctor" the colonel shouts.  
Stephie nervously continues &quot;She would then be placed on an obstetrical
  delivery table in what we call the full lithotomy position, with her buttocks
  hanging slightly off the edge, her knees high and wide apart, her heels pointing
  slightly upward."  
The colonel then motions for the guards to remove the handcuffs and white
  blouses from the other four condemned prisoners. "Continue doctor" he commands,
  as tears swell up in the eyes of all the women, including Dr. Nollendorf. He
  notes that several of his younger soldiers now clearly have erections showing
  through their crisply pressed uniform trousers.  
&quot;The patient is then given a full obstetrical prep&quot; she says in
  a voice quivering with emotion.  
&quot;Explain to us in detail doctor exactly what that means&quot; orders
  the colonel as he reaches behind her to unhook her bra.  
"It means that, first, the expectant mother's pubic and pudendal hair is
  completely removed. That is, she's clean-shaven until she is smooth from her
  navel down to her upper thigh. This includes the hair around her anus. She
  is then administered an enema and her bladder is emptied using a temporary
  urethral catheter."  
The five women prisoners are now completely naked, their now unhandcuffed
  arms still stretched skyward, their breasts slightly uplifted by their positioning.
  The colonel now slowly walks in front of each of them, carefully assessing
  their breast-size and their facial expression. Each woman's chest heaves with
  each breath, and each has the tracks of tears rolling down her cheeks.  
All of the women appear somewhat short, the tallest being Doctor Nollendorf
  at 5'6&quot; and the shortest being a somewhat pudgy-built 50-year-old housewife
  by the name of Elena Schulen. She is only 5 ft. tall. Her light brown hair
  is pulled tightly behind her head in the bun. She stares straight ahead as
  her blue eyes glisten with tears. Despite the position of her arms, her breasts
  still sag somewhat, her large dark brown fully erect nipples pointing just
  slightly downward.  
As the colonel lifts both of Mrs. Shulen's breasts in his hands and assesses
  their fullness, he speaks aloud about them.  
&quot;These breasts have served the fatherland by nurturing five good followers.
  They will now be of service one last time.&quot; With that the colonel steps
  back out of the visual path of the movie camera and picks up a file off his
  desk.  
&quot;Several nurses are waiting for you in the next room, ladies. They are
  going to completely clean-shave your pussy and give you a nice lubricating
  mineral-oil enema. Mrs. Schulen and Doctor Nollendorf, you will then be brought
  to my private quarters for a final evening of service to the Reich. You remaining
  three women will be given over to service the young men in this room, a small
  gift of appreciation for their service to the fatherland. If any of you resist
  in the least I shall personally whip you unconscious with a short bullwhip.
  If there is any attempt to escape I shall have each and every one of you strapped
  down and slowly skinned alive."  
Total Submission   
One hour later Mrs. Elena Schulen and Dr. Stephie Nollendorf stood completely
  naked and clean-shaven in the colonel's large private two-room bedroom suite.
  They were not in handcuffs. They stood abreast, their arms obediently held
  straight over head, as if surrendering. Several guards stood by the door. The
  tall, lean colonel wore only a long silk bathrobe of Oriental design, which
  tied at his slim waist. From across the room he stared and admired the two
  somewhat matronly women, who now, having been clean-shaven, revealed girl-like
  vertical pussy-slits which pointed to the floor. The only thing the women had
  on were small leather restraint cuffs at the wrist and ankles. The colonel
  walked up and with using both hands began to stroke both of the women's smooth
  girlish vulvas at the same time.  
&quot;They did a good job" he whispered, lightly stroking the now slick vulvas.
  He added "It will be interesting to compare your vaginas tonight, with you
  Mrs.Schulen, having given birth five times, and you Doctor Nollendorf, never
  yourself having experienced childbirth.&quot;  
As he continued to rub both of the women's smooth shaven pussies the colonel
  whispered &quot;Do you think your pussy will be tighter Doctor?&quot; Stephie,
  her arms still raised in submission, only cast her eyes downward, a tear dripping
  off her nose. &quot;Answer me&quot; whispered the colonel in a stern voice.  
&quot;Yes&hellip; yes, my vagina will be tighter, colonel&quot; she tearfully
  replied.  
With that remark the colonel grabbed Dr. Nollendorf by her hair and pulled
  her over to the bed, throwing her down on her back. He then ordered Mrs. Schulen
  to begin licking the doctor between her legs, beginning with her clean-shaven
  anus and working up to her clitoris. The colonel instructs Mrs. Schulen in
  great detail as the matronly woman spreads Stephie's labia wide open, drawing
  back the hood of the clitoris. The 50-year-old housefrau then begins to stroke
  one finger under the doctor's urethral opening, as another strokes slowly in
  and out of her wet anus. As Dr. Nollendorf reaches orgasm the colonel motions
  to the guards, who quickly repositioned the Doctor with her arms outstretched,
  attaching her wrist-cuffs to the headboard. As Stephie screams out her orgasm
  Mrs. Schulen sucks and strokes fervently, as if her life depended on it.  
As Stephie's body shakes with orgasm, the colonel pulls Mrs. Schulen's head
  from between the female doctor's legs and, and grabbing the doctor's ankles,
  he shoves her knees upward until they press against her underarms. He then
  places Stephie's bare feet on his chest and leans forward, spreading her shaved
  pussy wide open for him. As she glances down between her legs, Stephie sees
  that the colonel's large, swollen, erect penis is sheathed in a type of French
  tickler, the kind designed to stimulate the urethra and G-spot. With a scream
  from Dr. Nollendorf the colonel thrusts the full length of his French-tickler
  wrapped cock into her. He then proceeds, with her arms strapped overhead and
  her ankles now wrapped around his neck, to mercilessly pound Stephie's tight
  43-year-old pussy as she wails in both pain and ecstasy.  
As the colonel and another officer relentlessly take Dr. Stephie Nollendorf's
  tight shaved pussy and virgin asshole, Mrs. Elena Schulen is, in the next room
  of the suite, forced to lick the now bare and spread assholes of six young
  soldiers. This ass-eating orgy is followed by the matronly mother of five,
  over the next hour, sucking each of the young warriors dry and completely swallowing
  down every drop of their ejaculate. The mature woman, a housewife and mother
  of five grown children, hopes that her performance will make her of use to
  the troops and therefore spare her life.  
In another building the three other condemned conspirators have now also
  had their thick pubic mounds clean-shaven. They are now in a room slightly
  bigger than a hotel room, each now strapped down to one of three beds in the
  room. Their arms have been tightly bound at the elbow and wrist behind her
  back. They are on their backs, their knees drawn up next to them, with their
  ankles firmly attached to the headboard just above the each ear. Outside in
  a hallway, a line of the young soldiers, each fit and trim, awaits his turn
  to rape the women. From the sound of screams coming from inside the room, many
  of the soldiers are already excited into an erection. Inside the room three
  soldiers pound the women's clean-shaven holes as the cum from previous occupants
  drains past each woman's anus and drips onto the sheets.  
The Whipmaster   
The hours of rape have now ended. The five women once again stand together,
  their female slits appearing girl-like as they stand in a row naked. The colonel,
  nodding to the camera operator to begin filming, tells the women that they
  are now each going to be bullwhipped with a short thin leather whip. Upon hearing
  this, each of the women's faces contort in an expression of both grief and
  agony, followed by deep, moaning cries of mercy.  
The guards immediately begin to place three of the women in ankle spreader-bars.
  The three are then hoisted by cables into an upside down position with their
  wrists now securely tied wrist-to-elbow behind their backs. They are raised
  just high enough so that their now dangling hair barely clears the floor. In
  this inverted position there is little room for movement, except to flail the
  head, causing ones hair to toss about in a sexy dance. Their labial folds are
  now completely spread open. With a signal from the colonel, a tall, strong,
  SS whip-master begins to delivery the first of many strokes across the tender
  full bare bottoms of the three women as they scream for mercy. There is no
  leniency as the whip moves occasionally between the legs, causing the women
  to reflexively attempt to close their restraint-spread knees, all as their
  momentarily silent gasps of horror are broken by their deafening screams. The
  SS guards gazed in amazement as the whip master precisely places the lash across
  breasts and nipples, all to the wildly bucking contortions of the inverted-hanging
  condemned.  
The two remaining women, Dr. Nollendorf and Mrs. Schulen, are then each strapped
  down on their backs to a pair of short black-leather covered benches. Once
  supine on the bench, their knees are drawn back and strapped down wide at the
  side of their torso, the heels of their bare feet now overhead, pointing skyward.
  Their arms are tightly strapped at the wrist and elbow underneath the bench.
  The colonel then informs them, over the screams of the three women being bullwhipped,
  that they are to be whipped, not with a bullwhip, but with a thin leather strap,
  to be applied between the legs and across the buttocks. The colonel then tells
  the two women that he will personally apply this punishment himself.  
As he stands, staring between the doctor's legs, the colonel exclaims &quot;I
  told you that I would make you regret you were born female.&quot; With those
  words the colonel brings down the 2 in. wide leather strap between Stephie's
  legs as hard as he can, stroking across her inner labia and clitoris, the strap
  reaching the opening of her urethra. Stephie convulses, but no sound comes
  from her mouth as she gasps in a silent scream. By the second stroke she has
  found her voice and, screaming and crying, the female gynecologist pleads for
  mercy.  
After delivering 35 strokes with the strap to Dr. Nollendorf's pussy, the
  colonel turns to Mrs. Schulen and begins to repeat the process on her tender
  labial folds. As the room fills with deafening screams of the inverted hanging
  women being bullwhip across their buttocks, the colonel stops working over
  Frau Schulen's pussy long enough only to reach for a small pair of aviation
  earplugs. He then immediately returns to Mrs. Schulen spread clean-shaved pussy
  and continues to strap it.  
The Death House   
Another hour and a half has passed and the women are now once again standing
  in line elbow to elbow, this time in a larger, unheated room. Their nude bodies
  glisten with sweat and welt marks. Their buttocks and labia are red and swollen.
  Each woman is once again restrained with arms firmly behind her back at the
  elbow and wrist. They now stand facing a small platform. About 7 ft. above
  the platform is a solid horizontal steel rod about 2 in. in diameter which
  is attached to the ceiling above with steel brackets and pulleys. Five thick,
  short stainless steel hooks are attached to the steel rod. The hooks are positioned
  about four feet apart from one another. Looped onto each hook is a thin, short
  stainless steel cable with a simple noose-like loop at the bottom end.  
With a nod from the colonel the first nude woman is led up to the first noose.
  Her eyes bulge with terror as she mumbles something, possibly a prayer. Her
  breasts heave with rapid breathing. She stands now almost girl like, her firm
  nipples erect in the cold room, her pussy clean-shaven, her arms strapped tight
  behind her. As one of the steel cables is slipped over her head, the 28-year-old
  buxom wife and mother begins to plead through her tears:  
&quot;Please colonel, please, I have children, I will do anything to serve
  you sir, anything.&quot;  
The colonel steps up on the stage and stands directly in front of the condemned
  young woman. Without replying to her plea, he firmly grasps her breasts with
  both hands and then begins to pinch both nipples between his thumb and index
  finger, pulling them forward. The young blond woman pleads with her eyes, offering
  herself totally to the colonel.  
The colonel, then releasing one breast, reaches down to cup the woman's smooth
  bald pussy with his fingers and says &quot;we're going to miss this.&quot;  
With a nod from the colonel the camera begins to roll as a pulley slowly
  lifts the noose so that the young wife's down pointed toes are lifted just
  fractions of an inch off the floor. As the beautiful 28-year-old housewife
  and mother flails her torso, her feet pump like a bicycle, vainly attempting
  to touch the floor. As she struggles, she releases her bladder as urine sprays
  down on the stage below. Her short blond hair flies about her face, all this
  while the colonel continues to firmly pinch her nipples.  
In a few moments she is still. The process is then more or less repeated
  with the next two women, who are also both housewives and mothers. They are
  both brunettes of medium build with small but firm breasts. One is 31 years
  old, the other 36. Fully naked, shaved, and weeping, they look like pleading
  little schoolgirls about to receive daddy's belt.  
They soon hang from their necks also, their arms still tied tight behind
  them, their lifeless legs dangling beneath their femininity. Yellow urine drips
  from their toes.  
It is now Frau Schulen's turn to be hanged. She is crying hysterically. Her
  small but heavy 5 ft. nude frame, with arms tightly bound behind, is carried
  up onto the slightly raised gallows platform were she has just witnessed the
  three other condemned mothers' meet their fate. She stares weeping at the three
  lifeless women hanging nude before her eyes.  
The colonel orders that, unlike the other three before her, whose shapely
  legs wildly peddled free as they attempted to touch the fading floor beneath
  them, Mrs. Schulen is to be placed in a wide ankle spreader bar for hanging.
  As the soldiers pull her ankles apart, her clean-shaven vulva spreads for the
  last time. The spreading of her legs makes her appear even shorter than her
  five feet. Her breasts pushed forward by her elbows held tightly behind her
  and her legs spread open, the diminutive 50-year-old appears in total submission.
  As she stands at the gallows, the noose now loosely around her neck, she is
  fully spread and shaved for all in the room to witness her maternal femininity.
  The colonel approaches her and, placing his left fingers over her spread inner
  lips, gently strokes them and whispers &quot;How often did your husband fuck
  you, Mrs. Schulen?&quot;  
She stares back at him in horror. "I saw you licking the soldier's asses,
  and sucking them dry, swallowing every drop of their cum" he whispered. "I
  bet your husband fucked you often. I bet he put your legs way up on his shoulders
  and fucked you hard several times a week, didn't he?" With a nod from the colonel
  to the executioner, the woman, now even shorter with her legs spread wide,
  tensed up as her rotund body was lifted just centimeters off the platform by
  the slowly tightening noose. As her eyes roll up, a single stream of urine
  shoots directly down from between her legs, splashing against the spreader
  bar. The camera films it all for the fuehrer. Unlike the other condemned, Elena
  cannot move her spread and restrained legs. As low gurgling sounds emit from
  her throat as she gently swings, the colonel turns to Dr. Stephie Nollendorf
  and steps down off the platform.  
&quot;It is late doctor, and I think I shall save you for tomorrow" he says.
  And besides, several of my officers have remarked at what a beautiful fully
  rounded ass you have, and it would be a shame to waste that so soon.&quot;  
As the colonel begins to leave the execution chamber, he takes one last look
  at the four condemned wives and mothers now hanging lifeless, their smooth
  shaven bodies glistening in their final sweat. He then glances toward the terror
  filled eyes of Dr. Stephie Nollenorf and orders &quot;give her another enema,
  and then bring her back to my chambers.&quot;  
Note: This continuing work is completely historical fiction. Any name similar
  to that of a real person is a coincidence.  
   
Traitors! Female Execution in the Reich  - Chapter Two
  by Jill Crokett (copyright 2004)  
The colonel sat on the front edge of his makeshift desk in the interrogation
  room. Directly in front of him stood a frightened 37-year-old nurse by the
  name of Mrs. Kristen Ziebold, her arms nervously resting at her sides. The
  bespectacled, slightly matronly looking nurse looked very professional in her
  white uniform, her light brown hair pulled back in a tight bun. She trembled
  as she answered questions regarding the now condemned obstetrician Dr. Nollendorf,
  whom she had worked closely with for the past several years. Kristen's pressed
  white uniform, which buttoned down full-length in the front, masked her full
  feminine form.  
As he sucked on a Turkish cigarette, the colonel spoke to the totally-dressed-in-white
  nurse in a calm voice.  
&quot;Tell me again Kristen, what did Dr. Nollendorf tell you about the plot
  to murder our fuehrer?&quot;  
&quot;Nothing sir, nothing. Please believe me, I beg you colonel sir, please,
  I knew nothing!&quot;  
The colonel stared in the frightened woman's eyes. &quot;Come with me Mrs.
  Ziebold&quot; the colonel said firmly as the middle-aged nurse now began to
  cry silently, tears rolling down from beneath the dark frames of her eyeglasses.  
As the pair exited the room the colonel inquired &quot;Do you know what we
  do to women here that don't tell us the truth, Kristen?&quot;  
The nurse simply shook her head no as she now began to cry softly aloud,
  her soft moaning now interrupted by short, tiny gasps for breath.  
&quot;Come with me and I'll show you&quot; the colonel said as he led the
  obedient nurse gently by the arm down the hallway.  
---------------  
The 37-year-old nurse's eyes bulged with horror behind her thick dark glasses
  as the Nazi colonel casually walked her into the death chamber. Across the
  room, on a low platform, stood a young female, not more than 20 years old.
  The young woman's arms were strapped tightly behind her back at the elbows,
  and tied firmly at the wrists. She was held in an upright position by guards
  at each side. The girl was completely naked, her bare feet standing on the
  cold floor. The dark vertical slit between her legs indicated to the obstetrical
  nurse that her pussy had been clean-shaven. The young woman had firm medium-sized
  breasts with the pronounced, swollen areola of a younger, developing girl.
  She was about 5'3&quot; tall. Her once beautiful dark hair had been freshly
  clipped down to a short military-style crew cut. Just above her head loosely-dangled
  a thin stainless steel cable looped into a simple noose. The cable was attached
  to an overhead crossbar which could be slowly raised and lowered by a simple
  pulley system.  
&quot;This woman is a Russian spy, Kristen. She was here to hurt the cause
  of the Reich. She and two of her male communist comrades were unfortunate enough
  to have been caught with false papers while trying to slip out of the country
  into Switzerland. Her unfortunate male colleagues are being dealt with a separate
  male facility. I don't know if you would be allowed to witness their executions,
  but would you like to assist the fatherland by volunteering to be a witness
  at this execution, Kristen?&quot; casually inquired the colonel as the condemned
  girl shivered with fear.  
&quot;No sir, no, no I don't want to&hellip;&quot; Kristen said through tears.  
&quot;You mean you don't wish to punish the enemies of the fatherland, Kristen?&quot;  
&quot;No sir, no colonel, that's not what I mean, it's just that&hellip;&quot;  
With a silent nod from the colonel, one of the helmeted SS guards quickly
  looped the noose around the alleged spy's neck as another guard slowly drew
  the pulley up just a few inches, so that now only the condemned's her two great
  toes touched the platform. In a strange way she appeared to resemble a statue
  of a beautiful nude ballerina.  
After the condemned girl pleaded for mercy with her eyes for a full minute &ndash; a
  minute that seemed like an eternity - the guard once again ever-so-slowly raised
  the noose. Kristen sobbed aloud as the young woman now frantically kicked her
  nude legs in all directions in her vain attempt to touch the floor. As pee
  squirted from the flailing condemned girl's slit, the colonel placed his arm
  comfortingly around Kirsten's shoulder.  
---------------  
As the condemned spy wiggled her final movements, the colonel continued to
  comfort Kristen with one arm, his other hand now offering her his clean white
  handkerchief for her tears. As he did, the two helmeted SS guards stepped down
  from the stage and approached the couple.  
Kristen's eyes darted back and forth at the guards she now realized were
  standing to either side of her. Without speaking a word, the colonel grasped
  the front of Kristen's dress and with a violent motion suddenly ripped open
  the buttoned-down front of her white nurses' uniform, the buttons flying across
  the room.  
As another pair of guards entered the room carrying a small mattress and
  throwing it on the floor, the colonel slowly pulled the white uniform sleeves
  off of terrified Kristen's shoulders, dropping the uniform down around her
  full hips. The colonel then, looking Kristen closely in her tear-filled eyes,
  reached around and unhooked her bra from behind. As he slipped the brassiere
  straps offer shoulders it fell to the floor, revealing her full, hanging breasts,
  which had been hidden by the matronly uniform. Kristen's brown nipples were
  large and erect. As the colonel crouched to pull down Kristen's remaining uniform,
  slip and white panties all in one swoop, he then instructed a guard to remove
  her white hose and shoes.  
The nurse stood, quivering in total fear, now wearing only her dark framed
  glasses which ironically matched the color of her neatly trimmed triangular
  pussy bush.  
&quot;You are going to tell me everything, Kristen. Everything about Dr.
  Nollendorf plot" announced the colonel as the nurse sobbed aloud, tears now
  dripping down on her large pendulous bare breasts.  
---------------------  
The colonel watched the now naked guards pinned Kristen down on the thin
  mattress. One guard to each side held each of her arms down firmly, straight
  out from her body. A third guard firmly held her ankles over her head, with
  her legs bent at the knee. All taking turns, a fourth SS guard pumped the nurse's
  37-year-old pussy as she cried and moaned, filling her with semen that dripped
  down her anus and on to the mattress. As he pumped hard, the rapist alternately
  grabbed her hair, which had been taken out of the bun, and her large breasts,
  firmly pinching the nipples.  
Once each of the floor guards had finished fucking Dr. Nollendorf's nurse,
  the colonel ordered them to quickly dress and leave the death chamber. Once
  they were all gone he approached Kristen and, grabbing her by her hair, led
  her off the mattress on her knees.  
&quot;Kristen, unzip my pants&quot; ordered the colonel as the nurse knelt
  before him, still wearing her eyeglasses.  
&quot;Yes, colonel&quot; answered Kristen, as she obediently unzipped the
  officer's pants and, without being told, gently extracted his cock and balls.
  Having run out of tears, she immediately began to suck him, one hand gently
  but firmly cupping his balls, the other gently stroking his shaft as she sucked
  the head. As the kneeing nurse worked sucked and stroked her mouth and on the
  colonel's organ, he unloaded his thick ejaculate into her throat. Steadying
  herself firmly on her widespread knees, and continuing to firmly cup his balls
  with one hand, Kristen did not change her rhythm as the colonel came to orgasm,
  but sucked even harder, swallowing every drop of his loaded. Even after he
  had finished ejaculating, Kristen continued to extract and swallow the residual
  drops of his semen.  
As the colonel, now exhausted by Kristen's performance, leaned against the
  wall, he realized that the 37-year-old nurse had just given him the best cock
  sucking he had ever received in his life. He thought, ironically, that her
  performance may have saved her own life too.  
But he would decide that tomorrow.  
To be continued in Part Three  
Note: this is a work of fiction and all names used are fictitious. Any resemblance
  to the name of a real person is purely coincidence. Your comments are appreciated
  at jcrokett@yahoo.com  
Traitors! Female Execution in the Reich - Part Three  
by Jill V. Crokett (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
Several cold early winter days had passed in the small German town since
  the first four of the female co-conspirators in the plot to assassinate the
  fuehrer had been executed there several days earlier. Dr. Nollendorf and her
  nurse Kristen had been placed in separate isolation cells under 24-hour death
  watch while they awaited further interrogation from the Colonel. For the time
  being they were allowed to rest.  
The early morning light which peered through the dining room window of the
  Colonel's schloss revealed a faint dusting of snow which had tenderly placed
  itself evenly over the courtyard in the darkness of that mid-December morning.
  As the Colonel sipped a small cup of strong black coffee and smoked his first
  cigarette of the day, he looked with interest over a teletype report he had
  just received from Berlin regarding the execution of the first four convicted
  female conspirators which he had put to death several days earlier. He had
  sent by courier a sound recording and a 16mm motion picture film of the executions
  to the fuehrer's head office in Berlin, hoping for a commendation or at least
  a favorable reply. The Colonel had hoped that his handling of the executions
  of the condemned women might even help earn him a promotion one step up to
  the rank of General. But the teletype report he received this morning from
  Berlin was not encouraging. Apparently, the fuehrer, or at least his top aide
  who replied, was not very impressed. As the Colonel sucked the last bit of
  tobacco out of his breakfast cigarette he thought &quot;I must do better.&quot;  
The guillotine had been used in Berlin by the Reich to execute other traitors
  to the cause, and had also been used by the German government for several decades
  to punish murderers. The Colonel had felt that the guillotine was just a bit
  too messy and a bit too 19 th  century. &quot;Maybe
  that's my weakness&quot; the Colonel thought to himself &quot;I'm always afraid
  I might make a mess of something.&quot; The other traditional Nazi choice was
  hanging, usually by heavy wire or thin cable. "That choice was usually the
  most terrifying to the condemned, but apparently it had not impressed my ubermeisters
  in Berlin" he thought. The Colonel picked up the telephone and placed a call
  to his logistics people at his SS division's office in Paderborn. &quot;Where
  is the nearest guillotine, and how soon could it be delivered?&quot; he inquired.
  The answer surprised him.  
By 11 a.m. a lorry arrived from Hanover with a partially disassembled guillotine,
  complete with three experienced operators. Gazing upon his new toy like a smiling
  boy looking at the pieces of a model aero plane in a box, the Colonel ordered
  that it be immediately set up on the slightly raised band platform in the middle
  of the village square, right next to the medieval fountain honoring Neptune.
  He then ordered a dozen well-dressed SS guards to begin canvassing the village,
  knocking on all doors and informing the citizenry that the public execution
  of the fuehrer's attempted assassins would take place in this very village
  this afternoon at 4 p.m. sharp. By order of the Colonel, no one over age 15
  was to miss it. Holiday refreshments would be served.  
&quot;Oh, by the way&quot; the Colonel told his staff assistant, &quot;let's
  put in some calls to nearby villages and see if we can't bus in some folks
  too. I think that's a splendid idea.&quot;  
The Colonel then sent his grumpy procurement sergeant on a whirlwind spree
  to purchase two cases of the holiday schnapps and three large barrels of beer
  from the local ratskeller. "Oh" he added, "and quickly Fritz, order up five
  hundred holiday cookies from the village baker." "The folk must appear as happy
  and festive witnesses in the film&quot; the Colonel thought, &quot;the fuehrer
  would like that; after all, these bitches tried to kill him by putting a bomb
  under his desk!&quot;  
At 12 noon the two condemned women, who had previously been convicted with
  the original seven female co-conspirators but had been given a temporary &quot;menstrual
  reprieve,&quot; now once again stood in the Colonel's little makeshift courtroom.
  This time the women were not handcuffed, but simply stood facing the Colonel
  with their arms at their sides. Behind them stood more than a half-dozen helmeted
  SS guards. To the side stood two uniformed Army nurses. Behind the Colonel
  in the corner of the room stood his omnipresent three-man film crew.  
Maria Katzener was a 31-year-old telephone operator who had worked with the
  resistance to help coordinate the bomb plot on the fuehrer. She was 5 foot,
  4 inches tall, weighed about 130 lbs. and was of medium build. She had slightly
  longer than shoulder length dark brown hair, beautiful brown eyes, and was
  rather attractive. She looked as if she had been crying. She was wearing the
  same white blouse and dark wool skirt she had worn at the brief trial the week
  before. She wore no makeup and, somewhat oddly, stood barefoot. She was obviously
  anxious and appeared to breathe heavily.  
To Maria's right, also facing the Colonel, stood Theresa Wasserturm, a 34-year-old
  coworker of Maria's and the divorced mother of a 13-year-old boy. Theresa was
  dressed in the exact same blouse and skirt outfit as Maria. Theresa stood only
  5 foot, 2 inches tall, but was bustier and somewhat heavier than Maria. She
  had sand-colored natural dark blond hair, light blue eyes, and was slightly
  homely-looking, but in a not-all-that-unattractive sort of a way. Theresa had
  a somewhat bigger bottom than Maria and her longer blond hair was tied back.
  She was also barefoot.  
As the Colonel began to speak, both women stared forward at him, their eyes
  immediately welling up with heavy tears.  
&quot;Frauline Maria Katzener und Frau Theresa Wasserturm, today at 4 p.m.
  you both will be publicly put to death by guillotine in the town square. Your
  death will be filmed for the pleasure of the fuehrer, for later witnessing
  by the German public, and for the glorious historical record of the Reich.&quot;  
The Colonel continued &quot;between now and your execution time you shall
  both undergo numerous punitive punishments, including, but not limited to,
  the receiving of a leather strap to your bare bottom, and the undergoing of
  a procedure known as a female circumcision without anesthesia.&quot;  
As the women stared forward in shock, tears rolling down their eyes, the
  Colonel reached behind him and picked up a black telephone receiver and said &quot;tell
  the doctor we are ready to begin the circumcisions now.&quot;  
Hanging up the telephone and turning back toward the two women the Colonel
  said &quot;put your hands straight above your heads.&quot; The camera crew
  rolled the film as the women slowly put their hands up in the air in the posture
  of surrender, tears dripping off their cheeks onto their blouses. With a nod
  from the Colonel the uniformed Army nurses quickly stepped in and began to
  strip both of the condemned prisoners. Both of the women had their skirts unbuttoned
  and quickly dropped to the ground, followed by their thin half-slips. Not wishing
  to waste precious clothing in wartime Germany, the nurses then quickly but
  carefully unbuttoned the women's blouses and lifted them up off the prisoners'
  up stretched arms. Walking behind the prisoners the nurses unhooked their brassieres
  and lifted their bra cups up off their breasts and quickly over their heads.
  Maria's firm breasts stood upright, her young nipples pointing slightly up
  and out. Even though her hands were overhead, Theresa's somewhat heavier breasts
  flopped down slightly when her bra was stripped off.  
As the camera continued to roll, the nurses, still standing behind to women,
  pulled their panties to the ground, immediately revealing two thick triangular
  bushes, one dark brown, the other a thick yet natural curly dark blond. Once
  the women were both completely naked the Colonel ordered the guards to take
  them firmly by the arm and escort them down the hall stripped naked to the
  waiting surgical team.  
As both women walked with their hands still above their heads, they were
  led into a brightly lit operating room, in the center of which appeared to
  Theresa to be an obstetrical delivery table. In the room stood a doctor in
  full white surgical dress including gloves and mask. With him were two female
  surgical assistants, also dressed with surgical hat, mask, and gloves. All
  six guards, both Army nurses, and the film crew accompanied the women into
  the small surgical theater, along with the Colonel. The room was now packed
  full with standing people. The Colonel instructed that Theresa would go first,
  while Maria was required to stand stark naked with her hands over her head
  and watch as her colleague was circumcised first.  
Theresa was led to the table by the guards and placed onto it on her back
  with her buttocks partially hanging off the end of the table, as instructed
  by the doctor. The two female surgical assistants then each lifted a leg and
  carefully strapped them down into the awaiting troughs of the obstetrical stirrups.
  Leather straps were fastened tight around Theresa's upper thighs, and just
  above and below her knee. A final strap was tightly placed across each ankle.
  The guards firmly stretched Theresa's arms over her head and handcuffed her
  wrists to the table just above her blond hair, and then secured a wide torso
  belt by firmly buckling it just below her breasts. The doctor, now standing
  between her legs, lifted a similar wide belt strap from either side of the
  table and fastened it tightly around her waist, just across her navel. The
  doctor then instructed his surgical nurses to spread the full-leg stirrups
  even wider and rotate then higher, completely spreading over Theresa's blond
  bush-crack. As the doctor then stepped away, the packed room of soldiers, nurses,
  and cameramen looked on as one of the gowned surgical nurses, without speaking,
  picked up a black pair of electrical clippers and began the process of clean-shaving
  Theresa's pussy. After exposing Theresa's feminine lips with the clippers,
  the surgical assistant then applied a white medical shaving lotion and proceeded
  to shave the 34-year-old mom completely bare as the day she was born.  
&quot;No, please, no&quot; Theresa screamed as she saw the doctor approach
  her between her strapped-down spread legs holding what looked to her like a
  needle and thread. As the two guards at the head of the delivery table now
  firmly held Theresa's shoulders down, the doctor said &quot;Mrs. Wasserturm,
  we're now going to sew your vaginal lips apart temporarily so we will have
  good clear access to your clitoris."  
&quot;No, no please don't do this, no&quot; cried Theresa as her friend Maria
  looked on, sobbing with tears flowing down her cheeks, dripping on to her bare
  nipples. Every soldier in the room, one of the surgical assistants noticed,
  appeared to have a rock hard erection in his pants.  
As Theresa screamed, the surgeon, without anesthesia, carefully sewed a separate
  suture and thread through each of Theresa's upper large pussy lips. As the
  assistants stood on either side of the table, each holding a thread and pulling
  the lips apart, the surgeon quickly picked up surgical scissors and began to
  trim away the labia minora to either side of Theresa's clit, and then began
  to snip off the hood over the top of her clitoris. As the strapped-down woman
  continued to cry and plead with tears of terror, the doctor picked up a small
  red-hot electrical cauterizing instrument and burned around the head of her
  clitoris to stop the minor bleeding. As he did, Theresa lost control of her
  bladder as pee streamed up out of her urethra, splattering on the doctor's
  white surgical coat.  
As Theresa was quickly unstrapped and carried out of the room by guards,
  a hysterical Maria, who had just witnessed the intimate torture of her friend,
  now fought in vain, kicking her legs as she was led stripped naked to the delivery
  table. "No, no please momma, don't let them" she shouted hysterically as she
  was strapped down even more securely than Theresa. Knowing exactly what was
  about to be done to her, she thrashed about with all her might.  
After Maria's thick, dark pussy hair was first trimmed down and then completely
  clean-shaven smooth, the doctor proceeded exactly as he had with Theresa. As
  guards held her shoulders down, Maria lifted her head up and pleaded with the
  doctor. As the assistants, standing to either side, held her upper pussy lips
  up and apart, the doctor informed everyone in the room that he would use a
  slightly different procedure on Maria's clitoris, because of her violent shaking.
  To her horror, he then proceeded to pass a threaded needle straight up through
  her clitoris as she screamed like a woman in childbirth. Then, while lifting
  her clitoris firmly upward by the string with one hand, and as assistants to
  each side pulled her threaded pussy lips apart, the surgeon snipped off her
  the end of her clitoris with a pair of surgical scissors in the other hand.
  The doctor then used the small cauterizing instrument to stop the bleeding
  by burning the stub of Maria's clitoris. At this point Maria was no longer
  a vocal. Her pretty 31-year-old face, contorted in sobbing horror, had temporarily
  lost its voice.  
As Maria's crying, quivering body was unstrapped from the table the Colonel
  gave the order to now firmly tie both the young women's forearms together behind
  their backs and hang them by their ankles in the whipping chamber. "Their asses
  are going to get a leather belt," he said, turning to the film crew "and I
  want it on film." "And make sure the lighting is good" he added as he began
  to undo his leather belt and slide it from his pants.  
Continued in Part Four  
Your comments are welcome at: jcrokett@yahoo.com  
Note: this is a work of fiction and all names used are fictitious. Any resemblance
  to the name of a real person is purely coincidence. Your comments are appreciated
  at jcrokett@yahoo.com  
Traitors! Female Execution in the Reich  - Part Four  
by Jill Crokett (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
By 1:30 p.m. the guillotine had been almost completely assembled by with
  the three experienced executioners; everything but the blade that is, which
  was being given a final honing at the village machine-shop. The band platform
  in the village square took on an eerie focus of activity as the medieval fountain
  of Neptune next to it continued to put out its redeemingly cool December waters.
  SS guards in parade dress set up the long tables which would hold the schnapps
  and other refreshments for the citizenry who would at 4 p.m. witness the execution
  of two more of the Fuehrer's feminine attempted assassins.  
31-year-old communications worker Maria Katzener and her 34-year-old colleague
  Theresa Wasserturm hung by their ankles from what looked like a long single
  piece of steel rail from a railroad track which was suspended horizontally
  2 meters above the concrete floor of the punishment room. The women's forearms
  were bound tightly wrist-to-elbow behind their backs and their ankles were
  spread 1 meter apart with the bare soles of their feet exposed above their
  rail-lashed ankles. The women hung about 10 feet apart from one another, their
  spread, white bottoms visible upon entering the room.  
The heavier Wasserturm's hips and buttocks were clearly wider than Katzener's,
  and hers would receive the belt first. In an attempt to reveal his personal
  interest in the punishment to the Fuehrer's staff in Berlin, the Colonel had
  elected to deliver the first bottom strapping himself as the camera rolled.
  He was determined that it be severe.  
The roundly-figured Theresa was thinking of the 13-year-old son she would
  never see again as the first bold slap of the wide leather belt came across
  her right butt cheek. With the first stroke she yelped and flexed her knees,
  which was difficult to do with her ankles securely lashed against the long
  iron bar. The 34-year-old divorced mother convulsed in agonizing terror as
  she attempted, only in vain, to move her torso in every direction possible
  to avoid the strap. Her upside down sandy blond hair danced to the rhythm of
  the Colonel's belt, in step with the lyrics of her own sobbing. The Colonel
  did not count as stroke after forceful stroke landed across the five-foot-two,
  busty telephone operator's bottom, her tears flying as they wetted the front
  of her blond hair. The more he stroked, the more she screamed, and the more
  she screamed, the more the Colonel seemed reenergized to continue his task.  
As Frau Wasserturm hung moaning from the belt whipping that had left her
  entire wide, white bottom covered with red, swollen welts, the Colonel withdrew
  and requested that the whipmaster proceed with the punishment on Frauline Katzener,
  having expended his energy on the heavier, bustier mom. Having hung, literally,
  in suspended anticipation as she listened to the agonizing screams of her colleague,
  Maria was heard to cry softly even before the first stroke of the whipmaster's
  strap touched her slightly pear-shaped feminine bottom.  
As he released the first three strong strokes in unannounced rapid-fire succession,
  Maria reflexively flexed her thighs and legs with all her might, fighting hard
  against the ankle bindings to lift her butt cheeks all the way to the rail,
  nearly touching it with her bare bottom. As she strained in vain to protect
  her exposed buttocks, the whipmaster used the opportunity to quickly land a
  fourth stroke directly between her legs, which had spread wide at the knees
  by her uplifting flexion. As that fourth stroke landed across Maria's freshly
  circumcised vulva, the 31-year-old single working woman let out a scream certainly
  heard not only throughout the building complex, but also into the village itself.  
Maria twisted and cried like a baby as she was strapped while hanging helplessly
  inverted, pleading "No, no" in vain for the mercy of her executioners. As the
  whipmaster feverishly lashed the leather belt-strap repeatedly across the young
  woman's spread cheeks, the Colonel and several of the guards began to stick
  cotton in their ears. They noted that the muscular, experienced whipmaster
  already wore aviation mechanics' earplugs when he arrived.  
After not less than 70 strokes of the belt had landed across Maria's bare
  bottom, she hung in vocal-less agony, her face contorted as if witnessing an
  apocalyptic vision. As the Colonel ordered the whipmaster to stop, the camera
  crew began to move their equipment to get a frontal view of the two ankle-hung
  young women. Freshly belt-marked Maria burst into sobs at the completion of
  her strapping, as the Colonel then walked up to Theresa and slapped the defenseless,
  arm-bound 34-year-old divorcee firmly across the face.  
&quot;That is for daring to betray your fatherland&quot; he pronounced with
  pompous arrogance as the helpless Theresa began to cry.  
"Please sir, your mercy sir" she mumbled through tears as she watched the
  Colonel lift a small pair of mechanic's pliers from his gray SS officers' jacket
  pocket, playfully rubbing them back and forth across Theresa's upside-down
  left nipple.  
"Please, I have a son. I will do anything for you sir, I will serve you sir" she
  pleaded as he toyed with the blonde's nipple.  
&quot;No, no, please sir, please no&quot; she begged with condemned eyes
  as the Colonel clamped the nipple between the jaws of the pliers and crushed
  it as the inverted, hanging woman screamed a scream only heard in nightmares.
  The Colonel then repeated the violent act on the blonde's right nipple.  
As Theresa sobbed from the pain of her violent defilement, the Colonel approached
  Maria, pliers in hand. Miss Katzener hung in silent resignation, her face contorted
  in agony as the Colonel crushed and tortuously twisted her nipples with the
  pliers' grip, all while he commented on her firm, small breasts.  
Once the Colonel had finished delivering his bruising mammary torture, the
  two nurses returned and, kneeling, began to cut off each woman's hair with
  a pair of scissors. As both dark and light long straight clumps of hair fell
  to the floor from the inverted women, the Colonel instructed the nurses that
  once their head hair had been shorn to a length of about one inch they were
  to be taken down, given enemas, and then dressed only in a man's striped prison
  shirt. They were not to be offered a last meal or any final religious ritual.
  He further instructed the guards that the condemned females were to be brought
  into the village square at exactly 3:50 p.m. sharp under heavy guard, but their
  arms and legs were not to be bound.  
&quot;We want to show the folks in Berlin that our prisoners fear escape
  so much that they would not I think of it, even when walking outside the prison
  walls.&quot;  
At 3:45 p.m. the camera operator panned the crowd, totally amazed to see
  that nearly 2,000 people had already showed up in the cold, early evening December
  air to witness the public execution of two young women who he thought probably
  had nothing to do with the actual bomb plot against the Fuehrer. He worried
  that the winter solstice northern European sunset, which was due in less than
  10 minutes, would totally rob him of the light he needed to record the executions.
  He also wondered if it was the Colonel's metaphoric intent to kill the helpless
  women at sunset on the shortest, darkest day of the year. After he made a few
  passes over the crowd he shut the camera off to preserve film, only wishing
  he could preserve the ambient light just as easily.  
As soon as he turned the 16mm camera off he saw the large wooden double doors
  of the Colonel's compound across the square swing open as a group of helmeted
  SS guards in parade dress hustled two short, bare legged human figures out
  into the gravel paved square. He rolled the film again as the group approached
  the guillotine, capturing in the fading light the women's shorn hair which
  had been unceremoniously chopped off at irregular lengths.  
As the unrestrained, bare legged, barefoot women were escorted to the platform,
  the crowd parted like the Red Sea for the stern looking SS guards who led the
  way. They execution party was followed by the Colonel, who appeared to lift
  his jaw and smile briefly when his eyes saw the camera. As the women emerged
  from the crowd and were led up on the stage the crowd grew silent as they now
  clearly viewed the bare legs of the two attractive females, who wore only somewhat
  oversized, striped prison shirts which barely covered their buttocks. It was
  also clear to the crowd that had been crying, their eyes wide with fear.  
&quot;Maria Katzener, having been found guilty of treason to the Reich, and
  complicit with the resistance in its plot to kill our dear Fuehrer, you have
  been sentenced to death, a sentence which shall now be carried out by the removal
  of your head by guillotine blade&quot; the Colonel bellowed aloud to the crowd
  and camera as if he were making a Papal decree.  
With those brief words, and as the camera rolled, the crowd collectively
  gasped as guards standing to the front and rear of the pretty, 5 foot, 4 inch
  brunette quickly unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it down off her shoulders,
  leaving her completely naked before several thousand. Rapidly anxious, frosty
  breath puffed from Maria's mouth like a freight train in the northern European,
  late December air as the assembled mass gawked at her smooth-shaved, girl-like
  vaginal slit. Her dark, bruised nipples stood erect in the evening chill as
  the last bits of winter solstice sunlight illuminated her beautiful German-farm-girl-like
  face. Maria faced her fellow citizens stripped of everything, the essence of
  her femininity, the essence of her very existence, laid bare to receive its
  final fate.  
As soon as her shirt was off two other guards quickly began buckling leather
  straps tightly around her thighs and calves, while a third fastened a heavy
  leather belt around her waist. Maria's wrists were handcuffed in front of her
  and the handcuffs were clipped to the front of the belt.  
The moment the cuffs were hooked to the belt, four guards lifted Maria Katzener's
  naked, shivering body as if it were a package and placed it on the guillotine
  body-board face up so that she would experience the final terror of seeing
  the huge blade falling toward her neck. Once her neck was locked in the stock,
  31-year-old Maria was left to stare up at the heavy blade as the silent crowd
  watched her naked chest rise up and down as she took her final breaths.  
Theresa screamed as Maria's severed head hit the tin metal catch-pan with
  a bang. Several witnesses could be heard vomiting as the crowd stood in stunned
  silence at the beautiful girl's sudden slaughter. As Theresa sobbed at her
  friend's brutal killing, the Colonel turned to the camera and shouted &quot;Heil
  Hitler&quot; as he delivered a sharp Nazi salute.  
As Maria's headless nude body was unceremoniously lifted off the guillotine
  and dropped onto the band platform floor, Theresa's shirt was unbuttoned before
  the crowd, exposing her tortured nipples, her red, belt-marked butt, and her
  clean-shaved femininity. As the Colonel began to recite the same death sentence
  he had delivered to Maria, the now totally naked Theresa spat in his face,
  then quickly turned to the camera and shouted &quot;Hitler is a pig fucker,
  and a boy-pig fucker at that.&quot;  
As the somewhat inebriated throng burst into laughter at the 34-year-old's
  act of final defiance, Colonel, whipping spittle from his chin, screamed "shut
  off that camera! Shut it off goddamn it!"  
The Colonel's neurotic rant only further entertained the crowd, which was
  now laughing hysterically. Totally embarrassed at his sudden inability to control
  the proceedings, the humiliated Colonel shouted for the laughing crowd to disburse.  
"Go home, go home mein damen und herren" he yelled to the crowd with a faux
  smile then turned, seething with anger, and yelled at the guards to return
  the belligerent divorcee to the courtyard inside his private compound.  
As the crowd disbursed the Colonel gave detailed instructions to his sergeant-of-the-guards
  as to Frau Wasserturm's further care. Once back in the courtyard, guards tied
  her arms firmly behind her and place a spreader bar between her ankles while
  several others used a tall ladder to secure a rope and pulley to a strong,
  high limb of the giant oak tree which adorned the center of the courtyard.  
As the whipmaster entered the courtyard carrying a long hoop of what looked
  like clothesline cord, another crew of guards began erecting a single section
  of 12-foot-high painter's scaffolding near the rope and pulley. The whipmaster
  approached Theresa and began to tightly bind each of her large breasts with
  the cord, weaving a chrome attachment ring securely to the top of each, and
  tying each tit so tight it turned blue. As each pendulous breast swelled from
  the binding it further tightened the cord to the base of the mushrooming bosom.
  Once finished binding her tits the whipmaster fastened each shiny metal ring
  to a rope which trailed down from the overhead pulley. From the corner of her
  eye Theresa could see a glowing coal fire licking up from a galvanized steel
  bucket across the courtyard. As she watched a guard placed two fireplace pokers
  into the eerily orange-glowing bucket.  
The Colonel gazed down at the whipmaster from the interior warmth of his
  dining room window and motioned with a single finger. Upon the Colonel's silent
  command the whipmaster gradually placed his entire body weight on the uplink
  rope, slowly lifting Theresa's arm-bound, ankle-spread body entirely off the
  ground, stretching her breasts up from her body, almost over her head, in a
  horrifying distortion of her torso. As she moaned from the weight of her own
  body, the whipmaster tied off the rope to the base of the heavy portable scaffold.  
As Theresa hung, her breasts stretched even more as she groaned aloud. After
  15 minutes passed the Colonel stepped from his pantry door and walked briskly
  into the courtyard, pulling on his black leather gloves as he paced toward
  the fire bucket. Lifting a glowing hot poker from the coals he walked toward
  Theresa. As two guards held each end of the spreader bar from swaying, the
  Colonel carefully touched the end of the poker between Theresa's legs, burning
  her pee-hole. As she bucked back she reflexively released her bladder, urine
  from her urethral meatus splattering the Colonel's grey winter dress coat. "Shit" he
  exclaimed, touching her pussy again. Theresa convulsed again from the searing
  pain, her movements only further torturing her breast-hung body as she expended
  her last bit of energy.  
Theresa was turned around as the two restraining guards each wrapped one
  arm around a lower leg, freeing their other hand to each grab a butt cheek
  and spread it wide open, all as the Colonel was handed a fresh glowing poker.
  This he proceeded to carefully touch to her tight anal ring. The scream could
  be heard into the village, shattering the perfect quiet of the dark German
  winter's night.  
Theresa had now hung by only her titties for more than 20 eternal minutes
  as the whipmaster untied the rope hoisted her by her boobs up to the top of
  the 12-foot-high scaffold. There, two guards held her as the whipmaster securely
  tied off the rope at the base of the oak tree, first pulling it snug to her
  breasts, then adding about seven or eight feet of slack. As he finished the
  Colonel once again began to pronounce sentence.  
"Frau Wasserturm, I tried to be nice to you; a nice, clean, quick guillotine
  send-off. But no, no you little bitch, you had to be a kleine-frauline-smarty-pants;
  you just had to me humiliate me in front of der volk. You fat bitch, I sentence
  you to a full-drop tit-hanging. And if you survive, your tits and pussy will
  be burned alive, and then fed to the village swine."  
With these words the two guards to either side lifted Theresa up by her shoulders
  and thighs and threw the naked, tit-bound woman from the 4-meter high-scaffolding.
  As her heavy body fell, the slack in the rope played out, completely tightening
  just before her feet hit the ground. As it did, both of her mushroom-like,
  swollen, securely bound breasts were ripped from her chest by the weight of
  her own heavy, feminine form.  
As the titless woman lay bleeding on the ground, still breathing, two guards
  approached her carrying the glowing coal bucket as another two positioned her
  on her back, spread eagle. A fifth younger guard heaved to vomit.  
With a nod from the Colonel, the bucket was carefully poured over her bleeding
  chest and spread pussy. Theresa groaned and moved slightly as four guards quickly
  crouched and firmly held her wrists and ankles spread. As the hot orange coals
  charred her flesh the Colonel said "Die you filthy bitch" then snapped his
  heels and, raising his arm, bellowed "Heil Hitler."  
As the woman let final gurgling sounds the Colonel instructed &quot;Stay
  with her and let her burn" as he strode off to bed. &quot;And get the guillotine
  out of here. I don't want to see it in the square when I wake up tomorrow morning.&quot;  
Continued in Part Five  
Your comments are welcome at: jcrokett@yahoo.com  
Note from the author: This story is fiction and all names are fictitious.
  Any similarity to the name of any person, living or dead, is purely coincidence.  
Traitors!  Female Execution in the Reich  -
  Chapter Five  
By Jill Crokett (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
As the colonel sipped hot tea and glanced once more out his dining room window
  at the hot-coal-smoldering, titless torso of Theresa Wasserturm, he picked
  up the telephone and ordered the guards to bring Dr. Stephanie Nollendorf to
  his bed chamber in an hour. &quot;And have her cleaned up and dressed properly&quot; he
  added.  
Exactly one hour later Dr. Stephanie Nollendorf was escorted into the Colonel's
  beautifully appointed private quarters wearing a clean but simple long-sleeved
  white blouse and a dark knee-length wool skirt. As the prisoner was presented
  to him, the colonel motioned for the guards to depart, leaving the 43-year-old
  female gynecologist standing alone in the spacious anteroom of his bedroom
  suite.  
For a full two minutes the Colonel said nothing as he walked around the career
  professional woman, observing the way her short brown hair was cut, the way
  her D-cup breasts filled out her blouse, and the way 5 ft. 6 in., 155 lb. frame
  tugged snugly at the hips of her wool skirt.  
'Attractive yet matronly' he thought as he walked around the busty, middle-aged
  woman, her eyes fixed forward, not making eye contact with him.  
&quot;Doctor, it's been several days since I sentenced you to death. Do you
  wonder why you are still alive?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, yes I do wonder, colonel sir&quot; she answered meekly, as the
  parlor's fireplace warmly crackled on the cold winter's evening.  
&quot;Would you care for some tea, Doctor?&quot; the Colonel inquired politely.  
Stephanie nodded affirmatively, still nervously avoiding eye contact.  
&quot;Very good doctor&quot; he said as he turned to pick up the telephone. &quot;Bring
  up a tray of very hot tea for two, with sweats. Oh, and a bottle of cognac
  as well.&quot; Turning back to the doctor he politely offered her a seat in
  one of the comfortable parlor chairs next to his tea table.  
For the next hour or so Dr. Nollendorf forced herself to make awkwardly polite
  conversation with the colonel. They talked late into the evening as he plied
  her with cakes, sweets, and expensive French brandy. The talk was strangely
  light for a condemned woman as the colonel quizzed her about such things as
  her fashion preferences and the name of her favorite perfume.  
Suddenly changing the subject the Colonel inquired &quot;Doctor, would you
  like to spend the night here, in my room?" as the toasty fireplace glowed and
  crackled.  
Not receiving an instant reply, he quipped "It's certainly warmer and far
  more comfortable than the concrete cell you're in, isn't it?&quot;  
Not wanting to be raped again, Nollendorf momentarily hesitated, but she
  also feared for her life if she didn't submit to his offer. She thought a moment,
  quickly imagining a scheme to save herself, then spoke.  
&quot;Yes colonel, I'd be honored to share your bed chamber, sir&quot; she
  replied without further reservation, hoping to gain the slightest favor with
  the senior officer who held her fate in his hands.  
The colonel smiled, obviously pleased at her cordial answer, and then continued
  back to the light conversation, inquiring as to where she attended medical
  school.  
After three more cognacs the 43-year-old condemned prisoner was beginning
  to feel somewhat comfortable with her captor when the he calmly but suddenly
  asked Stephanie to stand up and face him.  
Caught off guard by his request, Dr. Nollendorf complied nervously, standing
  right in front of him with her arms at her side. She stared straight ahead,
  not wishing to make eye contact with him. For a full, eternal minute she stood
  in total silence as the seated Colonel stared up at her.  
&quot;Dr. Nollendorf&quot; he began, still sitting, "if you agree to become
  my personal, totally submissive slave, I will work toward a reprieve for you.
  I might even be able to execute another in your place, falsely identifying
  them as you, while at the same time giving you a new identity. But I would
  only agree to these things if you would, in turn, agree to totally submit to
  me for two years. Is that understood?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, yes I understand fully Colonel. I agree to be your slave, sir,
  offering you absolutely whatever you desire&quot; the doctor creatively answered,
  knowing she had no other choice.  
&quot;Good then, that settles it doctor. Well, it's late Stephanie, and we
  should get to bed. Be a good slave and strip for your master.&quot;  
"Yes sir" she quietly replied as he watched her strip-down in front of him,
  first revealing her full, hanging tits with their huge erect nipples. As Stephanie
  slipped the skirt off her hips the colonel ordered her to put her hands above
  her head. As she stood before him, now wearing only full-cut white panties,
  the colonel gazed at her, reaching foreword as he rubbed her labia through
  the white cloth with his fingertips.  
As he fondled her through her panties the colonel looked up at her and said &quot;tomorrow
  doctor, I'm going to have the nurse clean shave you again. Do you understand?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes master&quot; Dr. Nollendorf responded, lending herself to a more
  submissive tone as she stood at attention, her fingertips still pointing to
  the ceiling.  
 &quot;Yes, we're going to have fun with this&quot; the Colonel added as
  he slowly tugged the panties down to her ankles. As the colonel fingered her
  slit he told the doctor of a bizarre plan to execute her nurse Kristin in her
  place, while keeping her as his mistress and personal sex slave.  
&quot;What you think of that Doctor?&quot; the colonel quizzed, adding &quot;I
  think I can pull it off, but I'll only do it if you agree to be totally submissive
  to me, is that understood?&quot; he said as he rose up, still cupping one hand
  over her still bald but now stubbly pussy as his other hand slapped her firmly
  across the face.  
&quot;Yes master&quot; Stephanie answered through humiliating tears as the
  colonel kissed her full on the lips as he continued to rub her bare pussy.  
As he stopped kissing her for a moment and squeezed her mouth slightly open
  between his thumb and index finger, he added in a whisper as he breathed into
  her face &quot;you're going to lick my ass hole every night for 20 minutes,
  just before I go to sleep, you whore, do you understand that you fucking cunt?&quot;  
"Yes master" Stephanie answered, "however I may please you, sir."  
A light 'smack' echoed through the parlor as the colonel gently but quickly
  slapped her across the face again, declaring &quot;you're going to be my submissive
  little private whore, aren't you doctor?"  
As the doctor cried from the humiliation of being slapped, she answered &quot;yes
  sir, I'm yours colonel, totally yours&quot; through her tears.  
 &quot;You fat little slut, you're going to start licking my ass and balls
  right now. Pull back the bed covers and get in bed, you cunt-doctor.&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir&quot; the middle-aged physician responded as she rolled back
  the bed covers and obediently climbed in bed as the colonel stripped off his
  gray uniform. Climbed into bed, he ordered Stephanie through a series of sexual
  maneuvers, beginning with a slow blow job as he lay on his back while she knelt
  between his legs.  
Dr. Nollendorf sucked the colonel's head and stroked his shaft almost to
  the point of orgasm, but he stopped her short, rolling over onto his knees,
  with his chest down, sticking his ass up in the air, his knees apart.  
&quot;Lick my ass&quot; he commanded as Stephanie immediately began to work
  her tongue around his anal ring. After several minutes the ass-eating had so
  stimulated the Colonel that he had to stop her in order to avoid coming. He
  quickly pushed her down onto her back and aligned his rigid shaft between her
  pussy lips. Grabbing the obstetrician's legs and shoving her knees up under
  her armpits, the colonel placed the bottoms of Stephanie's feet against his
  chest as he pinned her wrists firmly down with his hands. Stephanie screamed
  as the colonel slammed his cock into her, fucking her as hard and as deep as
  he could, lasting only a short while before his semen squirted rhythmically
  against her cervix.  
Dr. Nollendorf stared at the ceiling following her rape as the colonel then
  fell asleep almost instantly, his softening cock still inside her.  
-----------------------------  
Stephanie's first thought was that her evening tea had been drugged, as the
  sunlight blazingly awakened her as a chambermaid opening the bedroom curtains.
  As she sat up in bed, her naked breasts falling out over the bed sheets, the
  colonel was nowhere to be seen. A glance at the gilded clock on the beautiful
  French provincial dresser revealed that it was almost 12 noon. A neatly uniformed,
  matronly looking female Sergeant stood near the foot of the bed and addressed
  her.  
&quot;Dr. Nollendorf, there is some hot tea and breakfast on a tray here
  in the sitting area ma'am. I hope it meets with your satisfaction. I instructed
  the chambermaid to draw your water for a bath, ma'am. Please bathe as soon
  as you all are finished eating, as the colonel is sending in a hairdresser
  and a nurse in about 30 minutes, ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;A nurse?&quot; The doctor inquired.  
&quot;The colonel wishes to have his mistress freshly shaved, ma'am&quot; the
  Sergeant answered without hesitation.  
Stephanie noticed that the female Sergeant was carrying what looked like
  a beautiful evening cocktail dress over one arm, and held matching emerald-colored
  shoes and purse in the other.  
&quot;The colonel has taken the liberty of flying in some things for you
  from Paris, ma'am. He hopes they meet with your approval. I have already placed
  some special under-things in the dresser and a fur coat in the armoire while
  you were sleeping. Several hats are in there also, including a fur hat which
  matches the Sable coat.&quot;  
&quot;But this is what the colonel wishes for you to wear today&quot; she
  said holding up the shoes in dress in her arms. &quot;If there's any problem
  with sizing, or if it is not to your satisfaction, let me know ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Well, uh, well thank you, uh, just, uh, who are you?&quot; Dr. Nollendorf
  inquired, almost confused.  
&quot;My name is Sergeant Irma Feldstein, ma'am. The colonel has assigned
  me to be your personal assistant; your valet, if you will, ma'am. As the colonel's
  mistress, ma'am, you will have my full attention&quot; informed the early-thirties-something,
  somewhat masculine looking female Sergeant.  
The doctor, still sitting up in bed topless as a maid scurried about the
  apartment straightening up, said nothing I she stared in disbelief.  
&quot;Please now, hurry with your bath and breakfast doctor, as the nurse
  and hairdresser will be here shortly. I'll return in an hour and a half to
  assist you in getting dressed. I've also taken the liberty of placing a Chanel
  makeup kit on the vanity in the bathroom, ma'am. The Colonel wants you to be
  ready to join him in the execution chamber at precisely 2 p.m. He has several
  important executions to oversee then before his leaves for Berlin. It departs
  the village bahnhof at 4 p.m. sharp. He wants you to join him for dinner this
  evening at his favorite restaurant on the Kurfurstendam.&quot;  
Stephanie's mind drifted back to chic scenes of Berlin's most fashionable
  boulevard. She wondered if was all a dream, reaching up to touch her breasts
  lightly to make sure she was really there, really hearing these words.  
&quot;Don't worry, the colonel has seen to it that I pack an overnight bag
  for you visit to Berlin, doctor. He wants to leave for the bahnhof as soon
  as his execution duties are completed, so I'll see to it that your bag is placed
  in the boot of his Duisenberg.  
As Dr. Nollendorf sat silent in disbelief, the Sergeant added as she turned
  to leave &quot;Oh, by the way ma'am, your new name is Frieda Kohl; your new
  papers are on the tea table.&quot;  
Glancing back from the doorway at the still silent, nude doctor, the Sergeant
  said &quot;You understand ma'am, the colonel's a very powerful man; being in
  charge of all female executions in the Reich and all.&quot;  
&quot;He has the power to open doors for us girls&quot; she said with a smile &quot;and
  the power to close them&quot; she added as she shut the chamber door.  
-------------------  
43-year-old Dr. Stephanie Nollendorf looked stunning as she entered the cold,
  empty warehouse-turned-death-chamber wearing an emerald-green cocktail dress
  with matching patent leather shoes and purse, her hair perfectly coiffed in
  a fashionable style, her make-up looking as professionally done as that of
  any Hollywood actress. The handsome colonel accompanied her wearing his formal
  ceremonial dress uniform.  
At the opposite end of the warehouse a large group of terrified looking women
  stood in a line-up, shoulder-to-shoulder, under bright lights. Twenty-nine
  in all, they were a mix of young and old; professional and peasant. All but
  one was from a Czechoslovakian village where a Nazi-appointed regional governor
  had been very recently assassinated. SS investigators, frustrated at being
  unable to find the perpetrators, had sentenced the entire village to death.  
Stephanie immediately recognized the lone non-Czech woman as her busty, bespectacled
  obstetrical nurse, Kristin Ziebold. Stephanie silently gasped as she laid eyes
  on her 37-year-old former delivery room assistant standing among the condemned
  Czech women. Kristin's mouth was gagged and her wrists and elbows were bound
  tightly behind her. She wore a dirty, torn, white nurse's uniform, whose top
  had been ripped open, revealing the mature, professional woman's full, white,
  hanging melons. From her appearance Stephanie assumed her nurse had been savagely
  gang raped.  
The 28 Czech women's arms and wrists were bound behind them also, but Stephanie
  noticed that unlike Kristin, none were gagged. They ranged in age from 15 to
  67. The Nazis had shot the very youngest and oldest of the village's residents
  on the spot before packing the remaining males and females onto two separate
  train cars. The village's males had been publicly stripped in front of the
  women before they were sent off to be castrated and hanged at another facility.  
All of the condemned women knew each other, having lived in the same small
  village. Some were sisters; others mothers and daughters. There were grandmothers,
  young moms, and teenagers among the 28. All except the youngest four were married
  or widowed. Most of those married or widowed were mothers. They stood in line,
  at attention, facing the colonel. Unlike Nurse Ziebold, who still had on the
  remnants of her torn uniform, each Czech woman faced the Colonel completely
  nude. Not one had on so much as a hair ribbon. Each, even the eldest grandmother,
  had had her pussy clean-shaven to reveal her girlish slit, as was the typical
  SS pre-execution fashion. The village's males, boys and men alike, had all
  undergone a similar humiliation, each having his cock and balls totally shaved
  bare before his castration.  
To the women's left was a long, low, gallows platform above which hung ten
  equally spaced thin cable nooses, each dangling a short distance from a long
  steel beam positioned about 8 feet above the gallows floor. The wire nooses
  could raise and lower individually by a pulley system.  
The Czech women looked drawn and teary-eyed, as if they had been interrogated.
  All of the women stood barefoot in the cold, unheated warehouse, their nipples
  rigidly erect. To prepare her for the noose, each woman had had her hair haphazardly
  clipped off in a short, uneven cut.  
Stephanie stared at her nurse Kristin as the colonel spoke. &quot;All of
  you have been condemned to death for acts against the Reich. But before we
  proceeded with the execution of the female members of the Czech underground,
  I have some important business to settle; that being the execution of the traitor
  Dr. Stephanie Nollendorf, who will be hanged immediately.&quot;  
Stephanie's eyes bulged from her head as she turned to the colonel in disbelief,
  only to then quickly realize that the guards were grabbing not her but her
  nurse Kristin, hustling the 37-year-old midwife up onto the execution platform.
  Kristin Ziebold's eyes glared back at Dr. Nollendorf above her gagged mouth
  as she was dragged to the first noose. As two guards held Kristin directly
  under the simple wire noose, another ripped the remnants of her torn nurse's
  uniform from her body, stripping her naked in the cold warehouse air. Just
  before a guard slipped the thin cable noose around her neck and tightened it,
  a small sign was hung like a necklace around her neck, resting on her lengthy
  cleavage. The sign read &quot;Dr. Stephanie Nollendorf&quot;.  
As soon as her ball-gag was removed, a still-photographer from the camera
  crew walked up and flashed a waist-up picture of Kristin, clearly showing the
  sign around her neck identifying her as condemned prisoner Stephanie Nollendorf.  
With a nod from the colonel the camera crew began to film as the wire noose
  tightened, slowly lifting Kristin's kicking legs as she attempted in vain to
  find firm ground beneath her. Several of the Czechoslovakian women began to
  cry aloud as the busty nurse's flailing, arm-bound torso released the contents
  of its bowels and bladder as she peddled air above the gallows floor.  
Stephanie's mascara streaked down her cheeks as she watched her former employee
  die in her name. As Kristin stopped kicking, two elderly cleaning women began
  to mop the stage beneath her.  
Turning to the 28 Czechoslovakian women, the colonel announced &quot;we don't
  have all day, nine empty nooses await.&quot; The nine oldest-looking women
  from the line-up were selected to be hanged first. All naked and clean-shaved
  with boyish haircuts, the women, aged in their 40's, 50's, and 60's were led
  up onto the death platform and lined up, each under a vacant noose, forming
  a row of sagging breasts and full hips next to the now lifeless corpse of Kristin
  Ziebold. The women did not speak and appeared resigned to their fate. Several
  witnesses gazed with interest at their feminine slits and pendulous breasts
  as the wire nooses were slipped around their necks.  
Dr. Nollendorf felt nauseous as she watched the nine older women kick their
  legs as urine squirted from between their legs as they peddled for the floor
  in vain. Not wishing to miss his train to Berlin, the colonel instructed the
  guards that the women be taken down from the gallows after hanging for just
  five minutes. As the unconscious women, nurse Kristin included, were stacked
  on gurneys and wheeled off to the cremation ovens, Stephanie knew that, though
  unconscious, it was technically possible that some were about to be burned
  alive.  
The next ten females led up on the stage comprised women in their mid 20's
  to late 30's. This group was healthy looking and several looked very sexy to
  the guards as they stood completely naked in their man-like haircuts. One was
  obviously pregnant, though she was given no special consideration by the Nazis.
  Having just witnessed the murder of their own mothers, some were sobbing uncontrollably.
  As this group was noosed, the colonel ordered the hangman &quot;Lift them very
  slowly; I want to see this bunch squirm on their tip-toes for a minute or two.&quot;  
 The hangman slowly lifted the women onto the balls of their feet as they
  pleaded with their eyes, their nipples dancing with each anxious breath. The
  hangman stopped lifting just as they reached their tip-toes as two of them
  urinated on the gallows floor, their shaved slits spouting like inverted fountains.
  As the nude young women hung by their necks with their hands tied behind them,
  teetering on the ends of the toes like ballerinas, the colonel simply ordered &quot;whip
  them.&quot;  
 As the ten wives and mothers waited in terror, a middle-aged master-sergeant
  repeatedly dipped a very short single-thonged bullwhip in a bucket of water,
  wetting the leather so that it might inflict greater pain.  
 The SS sergeant selected the late-twenty-something pregnant Czech woman
  as his first torture victim. His first stroke lashed across her breasts, marking
  her across her full tits. He then moved down to her thighs as the hanging woman
  struggled on her toes with all her might not to lose her balance and strangle
  herself. But her efforts were in vain. As he walked behind her and began to
  stroke with full force up between her bare white bottom, the woman pissed on
  the floor as she reflexively jerked her legs up from the sting of the wet whip,
  slowly strangling herself on the thin stainless-steel cable.  
As the whipmaster moved down the row, rapidly increased his strokes across
  the bare bottoms and thighs, the ten women began to hang themselves as they
  lifted their legs from the floor, reflexively attempting to protect the backs
  of their tender whipped thighs. Stroke after stroke slowly strangled each woman
  as she jerked and wiggled under the pain of the whip.  
As the ten noosed women pranced their own funeral march to the marks of the
  whip, Stephanie noticed that several guards began to buckle black leather dog
  collars around the necks of each of the remaining nine youngest Czech women,
  while other guards knelt and strapped restraints around each of their ankles.
  The collars each had two chrome attachment rings, one at each side of the neck,
  while each ankle restraint had only one chrome attachment ring, that being
  at the inside of each ankle. Several long black leather straps were laid out
  in front of each young woman.  
The remaining nine condemned were mostly teenagers; the youngest was 15-years-old,
  the oldest just barely twenty-one. As the hangman lifted the ten whipped women
  high up off the floor for a final minute of unconsciousness, the nine remaining
  teenagers were ordered to lie on their backs on the cold, dusty warehouse floor,
  their wrists and elbows still strapped behind them.  
The colonel leaned toward Stephanie and whispered "They're each going to
  be strapped into a rape harness. My guards will rape these virgin teens as
  they strangle them, doctor."  
Dr. Nollendorf nearly wet herself with anticipation as she saw several young
  guards begin to strip as they dropped their trousers, revealing dripping hard
  cocks as they approached the virgins. The girls' ankles were pulled up and
  clipped to their neck collars as their bent knees were strapped open wide with
  belts which ran behind their backs over their restrained arms. A length of
  white clothesline cord was loosely wrapped around each girl's neck just above
  the leather collar.  
"Do you want to watch?" whispered the colonel as he gently bent to run his
  hand up under Stephanie's dress.  
"Yes master, I want to watch" Stephanie breathed heavily back at him as his
  finger found her vulva. "Yes, I want to watch these virgins get a hard fucking,
  just like you gave me last night, master" she said as he slid her panty crotch
  aside to discover that her slit was dripping wet.  
"I'm going to fuck you on the train to Berlin" the colonel whispered while
  he gently circle-stroked Stephanie's well lubricated clit as the warehouse
  thundered with the screams of teenage girls being raped.  
As each SS guard orgasmed he pulled tightly on the neck-cord of his victim,
  slowly strangling her on the warehouse floor as he shot his load into her clean-shaved
  and strapped-open-wide pussy.  
&quot;Let's get out of here&quot; the colonel whispered to Stephanie as he
  pulled his hand from under her dress. He then instructed his staff lieutenant
  to complete any unfinished executions and see that the bodies of all the condemned
  females were burned.  
As he escorted Dr. Nollendorf from the death chamber, he ordered his valet
  to bring her her new sable coat. &quot;And tell the driver to have the car
  out front right away.&quot;  
-------------------  
The private compartment reserved for the colonel in the first-class section
  of the late afternoon express train to Berlin was compact but luxurious, with
  champagne and fresh flowers awaiting them on the petite parlor table in front
  of the small leather sofa. The compartment had its own private washroom, and
  a bay window gave the doctor and the colonel a sunset view of the German countryside.
  The train was scheduled to arrive in Berlin at 6:30 p.m., barring any unexpected
  delays.  
The colonel spoke at length to Stephanie about his favorite restaurant in
  Berlin, on the chic Kurfurstendam Strasse, where they would dine tonight, and
  about his favorite dish; venison with wild mushrooms, which this restaurant
  did better than any other in the world. &quot;It's better than any restaurant
  in Paris, Lyon, or the Cote d' Azure&quot; he beamed, bragging that he personally
  knew the chef, who his family had sent to be trained at the Ecole du Cordon
  Bleu in Paris years earlier. As the train rolled into the darkness toward Berlin,
  the colonel entertained Stephanie with his extensive knowledge of fine wine,
  haut cuisine, modern art, and the latest chic women's fashions, and he clearly
  enjoyed discussing these topics with his new totally submissive slave and mistress.  
&quot;He must want to show me off&quot; Dr. Nollendorf thought, as the colonel
  plied her with champagne and began recanting stories of his prior high life
  in Berlin, growing up a cousin of German aristocracy.  
As the colonel helped Stephanie off the train, a chauffeur took her overnight
  bag from the colonel and escorted them to their awaiting car. Wartime train
  station masses parted for them like the Red Sea for Moses as the uniformed
  chauffeur escorted them through the crowded Berlin haupt-bahnhof. Dr. Nollendorf
  felt like a princess as she strolled through as a privileged member of Berliner
  society in her elegant emerald-colored outfit, complete with sable coat and
  matching fur hat, as the throngs of rationing wartime commoners stared at her,
  escorted along by a handsome, formally dressed high-ranking officer.  
As the chauffeur pulled up to the Ku-Dam entrance of the swank Lupinskihof
  hotel, the extravagantly uniformed doorman opened the limousine and addressed
  the colonel.  
&quot;Welcome back Sir. Your party awaits in the fifth floor ballroom.&quot;  
Stephanie looked around and noticed that the hotel was conspicuously surrounded
  by SS guards, as if some VIP's might be registered there. She and the colonel
  made their way up the lift to the fifth floor. When the elevator door opened
  Stephanie was taken aback at the scene; a huge, crystal chandeliered ballroom,
  full of round formally place-set dining tables, each elegantly decorated for
  a holiday celebration. Throughout the room stood champagne-glass-holding, formally
  dressed high-ranking officers and their wives or mistresses. Stephanie immediately
  became nervous for fear that someone might recognize her as one of the condemned
  assassination plotters.  
As personal physician to Eva Braun, she had met a few high officials, but
  doubted that anyone would recognize her except Eva herself, or Eva's personal
  valet or secretary. Stephanie herself had only met the Fuehrer once, very briefly
  shaking his hand in a reception line.  
&quot;My name is Frieda Kohl, my name is Frieda Kohl&quot; Stephanie kept
  repeating to herself over and over again as she and the colonel worked their
  way through the crowd. Now cocktails in hand, the colonel stopped to speak
  with what appeared to be a close friend.  
&quot;This is my dear friend Frieda Kohl&quot; the colonel said as he introduced
  Stephanie to a balding, gray-haired, late middle-aged Prussian General and
  his 32-year-old mistress, a beautiful, perfectly proportioned German country
  girl, decked with jewels and dressed in the highest fashion in a low cut evening
  gown which revealed her ample double D-cup cleavage. As the four made small
  talk in the crowded ballroom, Stephanie grew uncomfortable as the young mistress
  seemed to stare at her, as if she had seen her before.  
During her stint as traveling gynecologist and obstetrician to Hitler's entourage
  of female courtiers, groupies, and Nazi-high-life hangers-on, she had not only
  delivered Eva Braun's babies and the babies of mistresses of other high Nazi
  officials, but she had also examined hundreds of mistresses, call-girls, and
  sex-game playmates of the high staff, helping the bigwigs ward off venereal
  diseases, and consulting with an endless list of Nazi-worshiping, social-climbing
  sluts about contraceptive measures.  
To everyone's surprise, and Stephanie's shock, as the now seated assembled
  were being poured a round of wine in preparation of receiving their first course,
  a side door opened and the Fuehrer himself entered to a roar of applause as
  everyone in the ballroom stood, with many officers giving the Nazi salute.  
The applause went on for minutes as the Fuehrer and his top aides were seated
  at what Stephanie saw was an all-male head table. She did feel somewhat relieved
  in knowing that she would not have to dodge Eva Braun in the crowd, yet as
  she looked around, Stephanie became uncomfortably aware that there were not
  nearly as many women as men at the formal dinner.  
Continued in Chapter Six  
This story is for Adults Only! If you are under age 18 do not read!
      Please delete and look elsewhere immediately!   
Note from the author: This story is fiction and all names other that known
  historical figures are fictitious. Any similarity to the name of any real living
  person is purely coincidence.  
Traitors!     Female
        Execution in the Reich   
Chapter Six   (6)  - The Fuehrer's Gift   
By  Jill Crokett (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)   
Stephanie and the colonel shared a table at the back of the ballroom with
  the fat, balding Prussian General and his sexy young farm-girl-turned-mistress.  
As the Nazis and their whores dined on foie gras and tenderloin of venison
  with wild mushrooms, an armored SS security vehicle made its way through the
  streets of Berlin toward the delivery entrance of the Lupinskihof Hotel carrying
  a cargo of four specially selected female prisoners.  
The four young females had been hand-selected from a long line-up of dozens
  and dozens of female prisoners in an abandoned slaughterhouse on the south
  side of Berlin. Earlier that afternoon over a hundred female prisoners, roughly
  varying in age from about ten to fifty, had been brought to the warehouse in
  truckloads.  
Upon arrival at the slaughterhouse these 107 girls and women, a mix of Jews,
  gypsies, and local condemned Germans, were unloaded off the trucks and lined
  up and ordered to strip completely. After stripping off ever stitch the guards
  ordered them to place their hands on top of their heads and stand with their
  feet about a half meter apart.  
Several uniformed nurses slowly walked the line, removing from the line-up
  over twenty females who were on their menstrual periods. The remaining eighty-some
  girls and women were again lined up shoulder to shoulder for another long inspection.
  Now the older, haggard looking women were separated out and placed with the
  menstruating females.  
The remaining seventy-six girls and women were escorted under guard, five
  at a time, to a set of gynecological examination tables were the awaiting white-uniformed
  nurses examined their vulvas and vaginas for any sign of disease. Three more
  women were screened out of the line-up.  
The remaining 73 females were once again lined up in front of the stirrup-fitted
  examination tables. Five at a time they again obediently unfolded their femininity
  as the nurses used scissors to carefully trim their pubic mounds, after which
  each of the 73 was shaved completely bare.  
After being hand washed between their legs the 73 selected girls and women
  were once again lined up shoulder to shoulder, facing forward. Their long line
  of glistening vertical pussy slits now stood at attention, stretching from
  one side of the slaughterhouse to the other.  
As they stood, arms at their sides at attention, the SS commander walked
  the inspection line, carefully eyeing the breasts and the now fully exposed
  vulvas of his prisoners. As he paced the line he ordered the prisoners to raise
  their arms over their heads. Once they complied, he then ordered them to turn
  around and touch their toes while slightly bending their knees.  
After eyeing their spread bottoms sufficiently he ordered the lineup to again
  face forward, this time he instructing any daughters in the lineup to go stand
  next to their mothers, if in fact their mothers were in the lineup. Upon hearing
  the order, four naked young girls moved to the side of their mothers just as
  the officer had commanded.  
The SS commander then carefully walked in front each of the four pairs of
  mothers and daughters, giving them careful visual inspection from head to toe.
  Stepping back from the line he asked if any of the four adult women might be
  sisters. Two of the women raised their hands. Each of them had a young blond
  daughter standing next to her.  
The officer smiled. He knew he had found something special for the big brass. "Who
  knows" he thought, "this discovery just might earn me a promotion to colonel."  
He instructed the two sisters to come forward and stand in front of him.
  The sisters obediently approached him, walking barefoot on the cold meatpacking
  factory floor, their nipples fully erect in the chill of their nakedness. As
  they stood he walked around them slowly, carefully moving his gaze up and down
  the full length of their bodies.  
The two attractive, early-thirties sisters each had fair skin, blue eyes,
  and medium length light brown hair which just touched their shoulders. Both
  had slight saddlebags on their hips but these blended well with their smooth,
  prominent, well-rounded bottoms.  
The officer stepped back and toggled his eyes back and forth, observantly
  noting that their shaved slits were both revealed just a hint of a clitoral
  hood.  
He then asked the sisters their age, their daughters age, and if they had
  any other children. One sister said she was 31-years-old and that her daughter,
  twelve, and an only child. The other sister said she was 34, and that her daughter
  was thirteen. She said she had two sons who had been taken from her when she
  was arrested. Her 13-year-old daughter had been allowed to stay with her.  
The older sister was slightly heavier and bustier than her younger sibling,
  and her body showed some of the signs often associated with multiple childbearing.
  Her large, full, pendulous breasts hung down, sagging somewhat with the nipples
  pointing slightly downward. But overall she was quite attractive, with her
  smooth vulva appearing full and sexy, its labia pouting prominently, not unlike
  a young girl's.  
The somewhat thinner younger sister had small but firm B-cup breasts whose
  nipples pointed ever-so-slightly upward. Her pink areolas were slightly swollen,
  giving her pert boobs a youthful appearance. As with her older sister, she
  had a youthful-looking feminine crack, her clean-shaved labia revealing a fresh,
  youthful slit between her legs.  
Both daughters, though blonder, shorter, and slimmer, presented a youthful
  reflection of their mothers, each having emerging, conic breasts that would
  obviously become fuller with further development.  
The thirteen-year-old's hips were widening with the onset of puberty, and
  her rather new, dark patch of pussy hair had been shaved along with the adult
  women's.  
Her twelve-year-old cousin appeared much more girl-like, with the only evidence
  of sexual development being small budding tit-cones topped with rather swollen
  areolas. Her pussy had also been shaved by the nurses, but only of its fine
  fuzz.  
The SS officer ordered the four to stand with their feet apart, bend their
  knees, and then bend over to touch their toes. Then, as the four females spread
  their asses, the SS officer turned to the nurses and ordered them to give each
  an enema. "Then scrub them clean from head to toe" he commanded.  
When their humiliating prep was complete the four were wrapped in warm blankets
  and escorted out of the slaughterhouse into a security vehicle which waited
  to whisk them off to the Hotel Lupinskihof.  
As the chosen four were driven away, the over 100 nude females remaining
  in the warehouse were ordered to place their hands on top of their heads, form
  a line, and then march to an area at the back of the cavernous building.  
As they entered the rear of the building, a line of about twenty piano wire
  nooses hanging from a long beam came into view. Each noose had an upturned
  bucket underneath it.  
Many in the line-up began to cry upon seeing the massive, crude gallows.  
As a number of the young girls and women sobbed, the SS commander yelled "You
  will go twenty at a time, climb the bucket, and put the noose around your own
  neck. The rest of you will stand with your hands atop your heads and wait your
  turn at the noose. Any rebellion or refusal will be met with the whip."  
The end of their lives was that simple. They were to be their own executioners.  
As the first twenty walked slowly and tearfully toward the gallows, their
  arms still raised in submission, one woman from the awaiting group stepped
  toward the commander and demanded to speak with a lawyer.  
The woman was a 23-year-old Jewish medical student of somewhat heavy build.
  She had saddlebag hips, long, naturally curly, black hair, and full, sagging
  double-D tits with large, erect, dark nipples. Upon uttering her demand she
  was immediately grabbed by guards and dragged to the front and was turned to
  face the other women.  
&quot;For your insubordination, you will not be given the mercy of a judicial
  hanging, you elitist Jew bitch&quot; screamed the SS officer in charge. &quot;You
  other prisoners, watch closely, for you will see an example of what will happen
  should you refuse the order.&quot;  
The SS officer then turned to the guards and commanded &quot;Hang her up
  by her ankles, and whip her to death, however many strokes it takes. I don't
  want to see one inch of her body unmarked. Oh, and before you begin the whipping,
  get the acetylene torch and burn her pee-hole and her nipples. Then the other
  prisoners can decide which they prefer, being hanged, or being burned and whipped
  to death.&quot;  
The guards quickly secured ropes around each of the now struggling young
  medical student's ankles. As the 23-year-old was strung up upside down from
  an overhead beam in front of the others, her inverted legs spread open, Nazi
  guards tightly bound her arms "wrist to elbow" behind her back so she could
  not cover her wide, tender buttocks from the coming bullwhip.  
As her arms were being tightly secured, two guards wheeled out acetylene
  and oxygen tanks on a hand truck and parked it next to the woman as her chest
  anxiously heaved.  
"I'm sorry sir, please, please, I'll go the gallows freely sir" the upside
  down girl now pleaded. The other 100 condemned women stared at her, many of
  them now crying aloud.  
A guard turned two knobs on the top of the cylinder-shaped tanks, picking
  up the cutting torch with one hand and then the spark-making flint-stick with
  another.  
With the crisp pop of the igniting blowtorch, the ankle hanging medical student
  began to cry like a child. "Please, please I'm sorry, sir, I promise I'll do
  what you say. Please, I'll be a good girl, PLEASE."  
It is too late for the condemned young woman. Guards standing behind her
  brace her legs apart as another guard touches the tip of the blowtorch flame
  against her spread open pussy. As he does, urine immediately sprays back at
  him as the guards laugh. With the second touch she jerks violently against
  the soldiers' firm grip as the torch burns away the meatus of her urethra to
  the thunder of a deafening scream.  
Upon witnessing the student's nightmare, the first twenty females, their
  arms still submissively atop their heads, quickly approached the makeshift
  gallows and stepped up on top of the buckets. As they heard the medical student
  scream as her nipples were burned with the blue flame of the blowtorch, these
  twenty women and girls obediently placed the wire nooses around their necks
  and lightly tightened them.  
Some crossed themselves and prayed quietly. Others sobbed, their tears dripping
  down on their heaving breasts. As soon as all twenty naked females had noosed
  themselves and had obediently placed their arms at their sides as ordered,
  guards quickly began kicking the buckets out from underneath them. Most of
  the girls and women kicked their feet and squirted yellow streams of pee from
  their slits as they struggled. Some hopelessly attempted to reach overhead
  for the thin noose wire.  
As the first twenty to hang dangled in a faint struggle for life, the seven-dozen
  remaining condemned prisoners wept with resignation at their own coming fate
  as they listened to the medical student scream in agony as a guard laid the
  first of countless bullwhip strokes onto her wide, bare butt.  
One attractive, dark haired young woman in her late twenties turned to one
  of the young soldiers and begged "Please, please don't kill us Sir, we can
  be your slaves, YOUR SLAVES! We will do anything you want, anything! You can
  whip us, you can fuck our asses! Anything! PLEASE MASTER, I BEG YOU!"  
Dropping to her knees, the beautiful young mother continued "Please, please
  I can suck your cock all day, I can lick your ass so good! Sir, SIR, you can
  fuck my daughter, you can rape these young girls! PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T WASTE
  US! I BEG FOR LIFE! Please don't kill my little girl, PLEASE!"  
As the attractive condemned female collapsed weeping and naked on the slaughterhouse
  floor, the commanding officer walked up to her and, gesturing towards her 10-year-old
  daughter said "Take them both and whip them to death!"  
As the limp bodies of the first twenty to hang were lowered down, a guard
  laid the final whip strokes across the full-D tits and buttocks of the nearly
  unconscious medical student. Her tits, ass, and pussy were now a contiguous
  patch of red and purple whip marks.  
The officer in charge proclaimed "Enough! To the ovens with the bitch!" Then
  turning to the other complaining prisoner he ordered "Whip her little girl
  first, and make mommy watch every stroke."  
"NO, NO!" screamed the young woman, still on her knees, as she watched a
  guard bind her ten-year-old daughter's arms tightly behind her back as two
  others each bound one of the girl's ankles to a pair of long thin ropes.  
As the second set of twenty condemned obediently take their place atop the
  reset gallows buckets, the now upside-down hanging little girl is whipped mercilessly
  as her sobbing mother is forced to watch. As the screaming ten-year-old is
  whipped, guards begin to bind her mother's arms and ankles in preparation for
  her own tortuous death at the hands of the bullwhip.  
------------------  
As the armored SS security vehicle pulled up to the delivery entrance of
  the Lupinskihof Hotel carrying its special feminine cargo, execution technicians
  were busy erecting slaughtering frames behind a elegantly pleated, dark-velvet
  stage curtain located at one end of the fifth floor ballroom. The four execution
  frames, which were suspended from the ceiling, were three-sided devices made
  of strong steel pipe. A four-foot-wide horizontal crossbar had five-foot-long,
  down-hanging vertical pipe attached at either end of it. It looked something
  like an inverted football goalpost, or a steel square with the bottom end open.
  The four corners of each frame accommodated wrist and ankle restraints.  
As the four select prisoners were led from the security vehicle still wrapped
  in blankets, the two young daughters were separated from their sister-mothers.  
Continued in Chapter Seven  
Chapter seven  
Traitors! Female execution in the Reich  
As the two sister-mothers and their two young daughters, still clothed only
  in army blankets, were about to be taken up a service elevator to the fifth
  floor ballroom, they were each blindfolded and ball-gagged, one at a time.  
Once in the back-stage area of the ballroom they were each strapped to a
  steel rectangular frame erected behind the curtain at one end of the ballroom.
  Each of the four naked female prisoners was bound at the wrist and ankle in
  a spread eagle position to a frame, and placed on the stage so that they would
  be facing the ballroom audience when the stage curtain opened.  
As the assembled Nazis finished their fine dining experience with Brazilian
  coffee and an assortment of rare French cheeses, Hitler arose and stepped to
  the podium. Even before he could speak the frenzied gallery of Nazi faithful
  rose to their feet with shouts of praise and raised salutes. As their ovation
  continued, Hitler began to speak. As he did, the curtain behind him very slowly
  began to open.  
"Tonight" the Fuehrer began, "I unveil to you a top secret new program, whereby
  Deutschland shall begin breeding its future warriors from the best seed of
  our fighting stock. The girls and young women behind me represent the fertile
  young Arian mothers and virgins of our dear fatherland. All four of them are
  fertile for breeding, and tonight they will indeed be bred; a symbolic gesture
  of the epiphany of our new warrior breeding program."  
"We have brought from the battlefield our finest, bravest, and most decorated
  soldiers, who will tonight begin the breeding program. Nine months from today
  these young mothers and their virgin daughters behind me will give birth to
  the first of a new generation of warriors for Germany."  
As the four naked and spread-eagled, horrified females stared out from behind
  him at the assembly of Nazi chieftains, the Fuehrer continued "Tonight is just
  the symbolic beginning to our massive new warrior breeding program, which will
  soon include more than 50,000 strong, healthy Aryan females. Once this program
  is in full operation, our fiercest Aryan fighting men will continuously breed
  with every one of the program's chosen females until each is pregnant with
  the seed of Nazidom."  
"The program's girls and young women will be bred only with our most fearless
  soldiers, soldiers who have seen battle and who are not afraid to fight and
  die for the fatherland. These soldiers will be the fathers of our new Germany."  
"Our fierce fighting men will be the rootstock of a new generation of fearless
  warriors that will conquer not only all of Europe, but the entire white world.
  Like our barbarian ancestors who, in the Teutoburg Forest, slaughtered the
  invading Romans in their tracks, an act which marked the beginning of the end
  of the Roman Empire, today's fierce German warriors will sow the seeds for
  a new generation of warriors, bred from warrior rootstock and raised from birth
  by the Reich to have but one function. To kill, to conquer, to dominate for
  the Fatherland. Seig heil!"  
As the worked-up crowd instantly rose to its feet with screams of praise
  to their living God, an endless, thunderous chorus of "Sieg heil" filled the
  hall.  
As the adulation continued, the Fuehrer and his party at the head table rose
  up and quickly goose-stepped out of the hall, leaving only the four clean shaved,
  spread eagled females looking back at the assembled from the stage.  
As the guests still stood standing and giving the Nazi salute, a line of
  about 30 young German soldiers, many in battle dress, approached the stage
  and began to a buckle their pants. As these teenage boys and young men began
  to strip-down in front of the audience, their hard-on's and full erections
  quite evident to the dinner guests, the steel frames of the four females were
  unhooked from there upright positions and laid back on the stage floor. Guards
  unlocked the prisoner's ankles and lifted their legs up and out, clipping their
  ankle restraints to their wrist attachment points. Leather straps then were
  fixed around each knee, forcing their legs to remain totally spread open during
  their impending numerous rapes.  
The two young virgin cousins and their moms screamed as the horny, rock-hard
  soldiers raped them over and over again as cum dripped out of their cunts.  
As dozens of guests watched the soldier's performances, the general inquired "Colonel,
  would you in your beautiful date care to come back to my apartment for nightcap?"  
The colonel smiled and nodded yes as he and Stephanie followed the General
  and his young whore out to the senior officer's awaiting staff car.  
The General's Berlin apartment was filled with museum-quality oil paintings
  and art objects. Some of the art was Eastern European while other pieces were
  from the French school. A few objects were clearly ancient Egyptian.  
"I got this from a Jew in Vienna. You might say he was having a going out
  of business sale" the general said with a coughing chuckle as he pointed to
  an oil painting with his cigar.  
Stephanie gazed in awe as she walked through the formal rooms of the huge,
  beautiful apartment on one of Berlin's whitest and most fashionable boulevards.
  As she gazed around at the beautiful art and fine furnishings, she was unaware
  that the General's mistress had wandered off for a moment. Stephanie took note
  of the fine china and heavy silverware adorning the General's dining room.
  Little did she know that this was all just a side show, a love-shack for his
  young, big-titted mistress. He no doubt had another, even more elaborately
  appointed home for his aging wife.  
As Stephanie and the two Nazi officers sipped a second brandy on soft leather-finished
  parlor sofas, the busty young blond she reentered the room, now dressed only
  in a see-through lemon-colored teddy. Without a word the young slut knelt at
  the general's feet and began to one buckle his trousers. She unzipped the 60-year-old
  Prussian and carefully fished his dick out of his pants, placed in her mouth
  and began to slowly suck on it.  
As his dick hardened, Stephanie was amazed at the pipe-size girth of the
  older man's phallus.  
As the farm girl slowly lifted out the General's balls and tenderly licked
  them, the Colonel walked up and knelt behind her and began to undo unsnap the
  crotch of her teddy. As she sucked away, Stephanie watched as the colonel's
  fingers found her warm wet cut. Quickly dropping his pants, the colonel entered
  the young whore from behind. As he made deep strokes into her warm, wet pussy,
  he turned to Stephanie and ordered "stand up."  
Hearing the command, Stephanie instantly felt a gush of wetness between her
  pussy lips as she stood and faced the general. Without another word she obediently
  unzipped the full-length of her emerald evening dress with one stroke, pulling
  it off her shoulders as a dropped the floor.  
As Stephanie continued to strip in front of the general, the colonel commanded "Stephanie,
  I want you to tell the general what it's like to deliver a baby, to stand between
  the woman's spread legs and pull an entire head from between her pussy." Tell
  him" he commanded.  
"Speak up" the colonel demanded as Stephanie nervously removed her bra.  
As Stephanie slipped her panties down she began to speak quite slowly.  
"First, the nurse shaves them, shaves their pussy clean. Every woman giving
  birth is shaved completely bare for her obstetrician. Those four girls tonight,
  nine months from now, nine months from tonight they too will be shaved clean
  and spread wide to give you your new warriors"  
Still standing, Stephanie touched her clit as she spoke, stepping slowly
  forward toward the general. As she described in every detail the delivery room
  procedure, she now faced the General only a few feet away as she stroked her
  smooth pussy nearly in his face. All the while she spoke, the General's cock
  grew even harder as his little blond mistress licked deep beneath his balls.  
"Once they are stripped and shaved general, the young moms-to-be are going
  to be spread so wide it will hurt. Yes, that's right, and their legs are going
  to be strapped down tight, just like your wife's were, just like mine will
  be, and just like your young bitch's will be when we get fucked and knocked
  up as big as a watermelon."  
As Stephanie continue to speak in a slow, sexy voice, the general arched
  his back and groaned as he exploded his load into the young blonde's mouth
  as she feverishly sucked every drop from his fat, hard dick.  
The Colonel then withdrew his cock from the general's mistress and ordered
  Stephanie onto her knees, chest down.  
"I'm going to fuck you in the ass" he declared.  
The colonel repeated that Stephanie get onto her knees, ordering her chest
  on the floor so that her butt stuck up I in the air, with her knees slightly
  apart. Then, with only the lubrication of his dripping topped cock, he parted
  her butt cheeks as she cried out as he made a full stroke into her asshole.  
Stephanie screamed as her ass was pounded by the colonel. Just as the Colonel
  was about to come inside Stephanie's rectum, the general shouted "No, no Colonel,
  don't waste it, please, please give it to Germany!"  
As the general grabbed his blond whore by the hair and forced her to her
  knees onto the floor, the general implored that the Colonel deposit his seed
  in her pussy.  
"She's fertile my man" he screamed "drop it here."  
Continued in Chapter eight  
Chapter Eight Traitors! Female execution in the Reich  
(note: This is fiction. Names are not of real people.)  
The colonel unloaded deep within the general's kneeling mistress as the young
  blond screamed with each methodical stroke. As he fell back in exhaustion,
  Dr. Stephanie leaned over the colonel's crotch, taking his cum-drenched, softening
  cock into her mouth and sucking it of its remaining drops of semen.  
As the m&eacute;nage-a-tois collapsed together onto the General's expensive
  Iranian carpet, the telephone next to his wingback armchair rang. Listening
  intently, the General then raised his chin and, covering the receiver with
  his hand announced in a serious tone "Colonel, it's the SS Investigative Bureau.
  They've been trying to locate you for hours."  
The colonel was silent for several moments as he held the receiver to his
  ear. It was clear from the expression on his face that the nature of the late-night
  telephone call was important. "I'll be there right away" was his only response.  
Hanging up the phone and pulling up his trousers, the Colonel looked to the
  General and said "SS Command has just informed me that they have captured a
  female American spy. She's being interrogated now, but Command needs me depart
  for Mainz without delay for her immediate trial and sentencing."  
There was initially silence in the room. From the colonel's words, Dr. Stephanie
  Nollendorf knew that somewhere in Germany an American woman was, at that moment,
  being tortured in unimaginable ways. As a gynecologist who had both worked
  for and witnessed the work of the Nazis, she also knew that the torture was
  probably of a sexual nature. Stephanie knew that whatever tortures the American
  spy was enduring, it was a fate worse than death, and she also knew it was
  the fate that only her submissive obedience to the Colonel would prevent her
  herself from facing.  
"I'll phone my staff and have an aircraft fly you there immediately" the
  general eventually interjected as he again picked up the telephone receiver
  to make travel arrangements for the Colonel.  
Turning to the two nude women still sitting on the floor the Colonel ordered
  to Stephanie "Get up and get dressed, we must be leaving." Obeying his command,
  Stephanie immediately rose from the floor, as the young mistress blurted "Oh,
  I'm sorry you can't stay and play, we were just beginning to have fun." It
  was at this point that Stephanie noticed the remnants of some white powder
  on her upper lip.  
As the General escorted the Colonel and Stephanie downstairs to the awaiting
  staff car which he had arranged to drive them to the airport, the beautiful
  German farm girl remained upstairs, still naked, masturbating on the living
  room floor.  
As Stephanie quickly said goodbye and turned to step into the chauffeured
  staff car, the General looked her in the eye and asked "I know I've met you
  somewhere before, possibly at the Fuehrer's retreat down in Birchtesgarten?"  
A cold chill ran up and down both Stephanie's and the colonel's spines.  
"Well, thank you for everything General. As always, everything was wonderful" the
  colonel quickly interjected between the two, attempting to both deflect the
  General's inquiry and get Stephanie out of there before she could reply.  
"No, no, I'm sure I have met her somewhere before Colonel, I am sure of it" the
  general persisted, "I always remember a beautiful woman."  
"Well, we must go, I don't want to keep the plane waiting" the colonel nervously
  replied as he began to step inside the limousine, hoping to get away before
  the general remembered Stephanie from some past encounter.  
Hoping to get the thought of a prior meeting off the General's mind, once
  he and Stephanie were seated inside the limousine the colonel rolled down the
  window and stuck his head out, motioning with his finger that he wished to
  whisper something in the General's ear.  
As the general leaned forward the colonel whispered "She's all yours my friend,
  next time I'll see that she does anything you want" then drawing his head back
  into the window, and changing to normal tone of voice he repeated "anything
  my friend, anything you want."  
As the plane landed at the airfield in Mainz, the Colonel had a dilemma.
  He knew if he'd left Stephanie alone at a hotel room she would probably escape
  and runaway. But he also knew that the proceedings with the new American spy
  would be top-secret, and his rank, while a senior Colonel, may not permit him
  to bring a "guest" into the interrogation.  
The colonel quickly checks Stephanie and himself into the finest hotel in
  Mainz. He then arranged for a guard to stand watch over the hotel suite until
  he returned. To further secure his "prisoner" he forced Stephanie is stripped
  completely naked and he then proceeded to have all her clothing locked into
  the hotel luggage room.  
"Don't even think of leaving his room until I return, no matter how long
  it takes" the Colonel ordered Stephanie as she stood before him completely
  stripped naked.  
"Yes sir, my master" was Stephanie's only reply as she looked straight ahead,
  obediently not making eye contact.  
As he turned to leave the room the Colonel said "feel free to order anything
  from room service you want. Oh, and clean shave your pussy again, I want it
  fresh and smooth, just like a little girl."  
"Yes master" was her only reply. The middle-aged obstetrician, a woman who
  had always had patients' submitting to her wishes, was beginning to learn to
  be a true submissive herself.  
-------------------------------------------  
22-year-old Martha Haynes had grown up in Berlin, the daughter of an American
  career diplomatic officer. The strawberry-blond, green-eyed, milky-skinned,
  Midwest girl of medium build had shoulder length reddish hair. She was rather
  cute in an everyday, girl-next-door, sort of way. Though born in Bettendorf,
  Iowa, Martha had both elementary school and high school in Berlin, and having
  been raised with the help of a German nanny, had been fluent in German since
  she was four years old.  
Martha had undergone two years of extensive espionage training in both the
  United States and German-speaking eastern Switzerland before being air-dropped
  into a village near Stuttgart in southern Germany. She had been sent into the
  field complete with authentic German tailored clothing, perfectly forged identification
  documents, $17,000 in counterfeit Marks, and a portable radio code-key transmitter
  power only by hand crank.  
Miss Haynes had merged her way rather easily into German society and had
  managed to land a job in the Records Department of the Ministry of War Production,
  headquartered in Mainz. Employed there as a low-level clerk, suspicion was
  raised regarding her spy status when she was seen digging through papers in
  a locked, secure area of the Ministry building by plain-clothes security disguised
  as janitors. The old, three-story walk-up attic room in the boarding house
  where she lived was searched while she was at work, and the hidden radio transmitter
  was found, along with a tiny camera and much of the nearly perfectly counterfeited
  cash.  
Picked up at work, Martha now stood attention-like in the center of the interrogation
  room, arms at her sides, as a bespectacled Nazi interrogation officer sucked
  deeply on his cigarette, blowing smoke-rings upwards as he leaned against his
  desk. In the corner sat a Nazi-uniformed female stenographer, her hair in a
  tight bun, waiting to record Martha's every word.  
Martha was wide-eyed, taking short, shallow, rapid breaths which caused her
  chest to rise and fall is quick succession. She still wore the same white blouse
  and grey wool skirt she was arrested in a few hours earlier. The 5 foot, 3
  inch girl now stood barefoot, her shoes and short hose being taken from her
  upon entering the room.  
On the interrogator's desk was a lunchroom-sized tray covered with a cloth.
  As he withdrew the cloth, Martha's eyes bulged and filled with tears as she
  witnessed an assortment of medical instruments and tools of torture, including
  a chrome-colored vaginal speculum and a straight razor, to name a few.  
"We're going to become close" he said as he lifted the razor and unsheathed
  it "You are going to tell me everything; everything you remember since the
  day you were born; who your parents were, when you were first spanked, when
  you first kissed a boy; everything."  
Smiling, he held the open straight razor under her chin and said "Tell me
  your real name." It all began that simple.  
As Martha talked, the stenographer wrote, keeping her head down all the while.
  After Martha had answered question after question, the interrogator paused
  from his quizzing to cut a single button from her blouse with the razor.  
"How old were you when you had your first period" he inquired as the questions
  became more intimate, more personal.  
"Twelve" she answered as a tear rolled down her cheek as he cut off the second
  button.  
"Put your arms straight up over your head" he calmly ordered as he moved
  to look Martha directly in the eye.  
"How old were you when you first had intercourse" he grilled, staring just
  inches from Martha's face. As her lower lip quivered and her eyes looked downward,
  Martha slightly shook her head "no" as tears now trickled down both cheeks.
  The 22-year-old was as pure as the day she was born.  
The interrogator smiled back in silence as he gently lifted her chin with
  the hand holding the razor, attempting to again stare in her eyes as she obediently
  held her arms overhead.  
The 30-ish female stenographer smirked as she raised her head for a moment,
  casting a sheepish grin toward Martha.  
As he held her chin with one hand the interrogator reached down and lifted
  the hem of Martha's wool skirt, slowly sliding his fingers upward to stroke
  her pussy lips through the crotch of her cotton panties.  
"No, please" she whisper as her quivering mouth now cried softly.  
"Oh Yes" he quietly answered with a broad smile as he stroked he cotton-clad
  feminine lips, "this, and so much more."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Crokett


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





