BDSM Library - Convent Education




Convent Education
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Within a seemingly devout Religious Community, a young naive schoolgirl is plunged into a nightmare world of sadistic depravity.Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons,
        living or dead, or to any actual locations or communities etc. is purely
        coincidental. The Catholic theme is used only as vehicle for the story
        as that is one familiar to the Author . The power wielded by Religion
        is strong and like all power it carries within it the potential for abuse.
        It could just have easily and without prejudice, have had any other religious
        setting but if this offends you please don't read it.    
All rights reserved.  
Chapter 1   
 Plans go Awry   
I shuddered looking round the dimly lit room. Crucifixes, candles and Holy
  Pictures everywhere. The last 8 hours or so had been a blur. I could still
  feel the effects of whatever it was Auntie had put in my tea that morning.
  I was disorientated remembering only vaguely the journey from London. My mouth
was dry and I was still having trouble concentrating.  
A black robed figure, austere bare face framed by gleaming white dimple,
  watched me from behind a large oak desk. Her face was like withered parchment;
  her eyes were cold and grey, like chips of granite. She looked ancient, certainly
  to this thirteen-year-old girl perched nervously on a hard wooden chair trying
  to get a grip on reality.  
&quot;So &quot; She said &quot; tell me something of our little one here
  and why this emergency?&quot; - She inclined her head towards me.  
My Aunt sitting next to me sighed...  
 &quot; Mother Superior it is a sad thing I must relate concerning this wretched
  girl&quot;. She took a deep breath; I shivered knowing nothing nice about me
  was going to escape her cruel thin lips. She continued...  
 &quot; This one here &quot; she turned and looked at me her face registering
  disgust &quot; has the mark of Satan Himself on her. She is guilty of moral
  turpitude&quot;  
With that, to me incomprehensible remark, she sat back, eyes glittering as
  she looked at me with contempt.  
I blinked and my heart sank. It sure sounded bad, though I had no idea what &quot;turpitude&quot; meant.  
The Nun sitting behind the desk leaned forward.  
&quot; Exactly how immoral has she been then my dear Bridie, as you know,
  this convent school for the daughters of the best catholic families in all
  of Ireland, has it's reputation to consider. The girls here are chaste and
  unworldly and it only takes one bad apple to corrupt the barrel&quot;.  
 My Aunt clutched the purse she held on her lap more tightly.  
 &quot;Sure &quot; she said, her accent had become more pronounced as soon
  as we had landed at Dublin. &quot;That is of course the reason we are here-
  if anyone can save this girl from hell's damnation then surely it's the Nun's
  of the Sacred Heart.&quot; She blessed herself as she finished.  
&quot; Hmmm &quot; The Mother Superior leaned forward a little &quot; well
  as you know Bridie it is only the fact that your dear father, may God protect
  him, is a Knight Of St Columbus and one of the church's most respected Professors
  of Theology that I agreed to see you. It is part way through term and the school
  is full.&quot;  
 She paused and her gimlet eyes bore into mine briefly before switching back
  to my Aunt.  
 &quot;Pray continue and give me more details of Phillipa here, her background
  and her fall from grace. She looks too young to have sinned so grievously as
  not to be capable of redemption&quot;.  
I closed my eyes, trying to check the flood of tears threatening to spill
  down my cheeks. The stark surroundings, the almost medieval language and manners
  filling me with dread. As my Aunt started to tell the attentive Nun about me
  I shut out her droning sycophantic voice.  
I knew I had been naughty but it was my dad who had tried to rape me! My
  aunt was placing all the blame on me and I shuddered recalling the last three
  days. The weekend that had started so full of promise ending in despair, here
  this Sunday evening in a convent school miles from civilisation in the depths
  of the Irish countryside. A soft groan escaped my lips as I recalled the events
  that had brought me here.  
 ____________________________________________________  
I hadn't seen my real father for ages. Well, I saw him briefly at Mum's funeral,
  following her car crash some eight months previously but he hardly spoke and
  I was too distraught to take much notice of him. He worked abroad and was rarely
  in England. I had spent some holidays with him after he and Mum divorced but
  it got less and less each year. After the funeral he had agreed to let me stay
  on at boarding school and in the care of my friend's family. He seemed happy
  to not have to deal with me and returned abroad almost immediately.  
The previous Friday I had journeyed up to London to stay with him for the
  weekend. He had said he wanted to discuss my future and I was excited at the
  thought of seeing him again. The last eight months had been a bad time and
  only my friends and especially Christine, my best friend Claire's mum had made
  it bearable. I was an only child and Mum was an orphan so I had no other close
  relatives. My father was from Ireland so all his family was there. I never
  saw them after he and Mum split some 6 years previously.  
He had met me at the railway station in London. I think he was astonished
  at how I had grown. He kept looking at me and shaking his head. "I hardly recognised
  you" was his first comment.  
I thought at first it was because he disapproved of me. I had taken care
  to dress nicely. It was important to make a good impression, as he was all
  the family I really had now. I had selected a crisp white blouse and a not
  too short plaid skirt with "sensible" kitten-heel black shoes and white knee
  stockings.  
He hugged me, teasingly remarking that I was a young woman now and not the
  little girl he remembered. I had grown 3 inches since last year and more than
  that round my boobs and hips. I guessed he hadn't realised that girls do grow
  up (and out) quickly after they reach puberty. I really liked him - he was
  funny and witty and quite good looking. I thought he looked a lot like George
  Clooney whom I really had a pash for. I was excited at the chance to get to
  know him better. We went for a meal and He let me text a pic of him to Claire
  and I grinned and showed him her reply.  
 &quot;Mmmmm he is FIT&quot;. She had texted back  
 So then I had to explain what fit meant and he almost blushed. Anyway he
  told me he had been promoted, would not be travelling so much and had taken
  a flat in town- Canary Wharf - which is mega loot! He hadn't remarried. He
  asked about school and Christine, was I happy still there, did I have boyfriend
  yet, all catching up stuff. I had been boarding weekly at school in Sussex
  and staying with Claire at weekends since Mum died. I explained that I wanted
  to carry on like that. I loved being with them, they had lots of room and Christine
  was like a Mum to me.  
We eventually went back to his apartment, which overlooked the Thames. I
  showered and changed into a crop top, a short pleated skirt and sneakers. The
  evening passed quickly. We talked and talked and talked. I noticed that he
  drank a lot. I confess I did flirt a bit. I had been slowly discovering and
  exploring my ability to sexually excite guys. It was a heady feeling, knowing
  they liked looking at my body, seeing how I could affect them. It was easy
  with boys but it was intoxicating knowing mature men found me sexually attractive.  
 I made sure as artfully as I could that he could admire my budding boobs,
  which nestled snugly in my new under wired "A" cup lace bra. As we both relaxed
  after our initial awkwardness I sprawled out on a large arm chair in the lounge;
  my skirt carelessly hiked up my bare legs, knowing my pale blue lace panties
  looked sexy. He let me have a glass off wine while he drank his whiskey. It
  was so refreshing to be treated like an young adult.  
 I saw him glancing frequently at my breasts and bare legs and thighs. I
  felt excited and slightly wicked. I tried, without being obvious, to see if
  he had an erection. Eventually he sighed and, looking at the clock said it
  was my bedtime. I went to hug him goodnight, slid onto his lap and cuddled
  him. I was sure I could feel him hard under my bottom as I wriggled around.  
Looking back, I realised how naughty I had been but I enjoyed the excitement
  of arousing him without feeling in any danger. I wasn't used to being this
  intimately close to an older man. I still had difficulty relating to him as
  my Dad. I really enjoyed the slight sexual tension I could feel. I kissed him
  goodnight went to bed happy and confident that everything was going to be ok.  
Then the fly in the ointment - his SISTER the dreaded Irish witch. She arrived
  the next day, Saturday while I was out sightseeing round London. I had got
  back quite tired. I said hello to my Aunt Bridie, who I had only met once or
  twice before. She lived in Dublin with her father and younger brother. She
  was very abrupt with me and looked at me disdainfully, obviously not approving
  of my brief denim shorts and 'FCUK' shirt. The atmosphere later at dinner that
  evening was a bit strained and I quickly made my excuses and went to my room.
  I dozed for a while still feeling happy that we had sorted out my immediate
  future. Later as I went to the loo I heard raised voices from his study. He
  and Aunt Bridie were arguing and I had heard my name. I crept closer and eavesdropped.  
&quot;The girl is but a child Gerald &quot; my aunt's voice made me shiver &quot; but
  she dresses and acts like a harlot. She probably has not seen the inside of
  a Church for ages and she belongs with a true catholic family, not heathen
  strangers&quot;  
My father muttered something I couldn't quite catch. Aunt Bridie was hitting
  her stride now....  
&quot; I am her godmother in case you forget dear brother and I am responsible
  for her moral and religious upbringing. Do you want her to end up like her
  slut of a mother you married?&quot; Her voice finished on a triumphal note. &quot; She
  belongs back In Ireland where her family comes from and at a good Catholic
  girl's school before she loses her immortal soul&quot;  
I seethed with anger at the reference to my Mum. Tears filling my eyes I
  blundered back to my room. I picked up my mobile, keyed in Claire's number
  code with shaking fingers. I told her what I had overheard and how our plans
  for me to stay with her were being thwarted. The thought of being torn away
  from the school and friends I loved reduced me to tears of despair.  
Claire was as always calm and positive. Though only four months older than
  me, she was much more experienced. She even had a regular boy friend. I know
  she hadn't done &quot;it&quot; either yet but she had wanked him off I knew.  
&quot;Ok&quot; said Claire after I told her what I had overheard &quot; you
  need to do three things-  
 First- persuade you Dad that you are happy with us and still need the comfort
  of familiar surroundings while you grieve for your mother. Do the little waif
  thing. Get him to come down here and meet Mum, she will help to convince him
  you will be happy and safe with us.  
Second- that having &quot;found &quot; Him again you doesn't want to lose
  him, waggle your tits and arse at him a bit- tell Him you long for chance to
  get to know him better. All men like young girls. Persuade him, subtly, that
  during the next few years you need an older man, who loves you, one you can
  trust, to be your mentor and guide. One who is not far away whom you can visit
  and get to know better without intruding on his private life. If you go to
  Ireland you would rarely see him!  
Finally -&quot; here she paused and giggled &quot;Tell him you have started
  going to Church again and are forming a good relationship with the local Parish
  Priest here. I know it's not true but just invent a bit. OK?&quot;  
I put down the phone shaking a little, my mind whirling trying to plan what
  to do. I didn't have much time. Aunt Bridie was going back to Ireland soon.
  I remembered the way he had looked at me as I had chatted to him so unselfconsciously
  the previous evening. Perhaps I thought if I flirt with him a bit more obviously
  he wouldn't send me away.  
Looking back now I know it was stupid and that I was getting out of my depth
  but I was desperate.  
I heard them both go to bed. Auntie didn't say goodnight. I lay on my bed,
  with my side light still on. He knocked on my door and wished me goodnight.
  I waited about 30 minutes then slipped out of bed. I was wearing just my knickers,
  so I slipped a thin white t-shirt over my head, brushed my long brown hair
  and fastened it in a pony. I stood in front of a long mirror and looked at
  myself.  
 A serious faced girl gazed back; heart shaped face, brown eyes bright, standing
  some 5ft in bared feet, slim figure only partly concealed. The shirt curved
  gracefully over the soft swell of her firm breasts, the nipples just hinted
  at under the thin material. Pale blue panties just visible at the juncture
  of her thighs. She sucked in her tummy and turned sideways a little. Her gently
  swelling hips swept down over her pert bum to long slender bare legs.  
I thought of adding some lippie, blusher and eye shadow as the girl in my
  mirror looked so pale, perhaps not I decided, I want to look as if I have just
  woken up feeling lonely and upset.  
 I took a deep breath, left my room and quietly padded down the passageway
  to his bedroom. I felt nervous but excited. There was a faint sliver of light
  from under his door so I guessed he was still awake. I rubbed at my eyes to
  make them look sore as if I had been crying. Taking a deep breath I knocked
  lightly on the door &quot; Dad &quot; I whispered &quot; Are you awake?  
&quot;Phillipa?&quot; I could barely hear him so I opened the door a little. &quot;Dad &quot; I
  said &quot;Can I come in and talk for a while please, I am feeling really lonely
  and upset&quot;.  
His voice was a little unsteady &quot; just a minute honey &quot;. I heard
  some movements and then he said &quot; OK Phillipa come in darling. What on
  earth is the matter&quot;?  
I entered quickly and shut the door behind me, padding over to his bed where
  he lay half-propped up an anxious look on his face. I noticed he was bare-chested
  and the bedclothes covering his lower half were crumpled. He patted the side
  of the bed and I sat down half-turned towards him.  
 &quot; For goodness sake Phillipa you should be asleep&quot;. His voice
  was thick, words a little slurred.  
At this I burst into tears and wrapped my arms round his neck, He slowly
  stroked my hair and the back of my neck making little shushing noises. I sobbed
  against his throat, feeling his warm bare chest against my upper body. He held
  me close and through my sobs I told him. Told him how I wanted to stay here
  in England, wanted to get to know him now that I had found him again. I felt
  his arms tighten around me, pressing me closer against him. His hands stroking
  my back as he tried to console me.  
&quot;Ahh &quot; he mumbled &quot; you have been listening to what you aren't
  supposed to&quot;. I squirmed against him, my face wet with tears. I felt safe
  and loved in his strong arms. He pulled back a little, still holding me, as
  he spoke I could smell whiskey on his breath. &quot; Well nothing is decided
  yet angel &quot; he whispered huskily &quot; your aunt and I only want what's
  best for you.&quot; I shuddered as my sobbing slowed. His hands were stroking
  my back more urgently now. I kissed his cheek; it was a bit stubbly and scratchy.
  I saw him gazing at my breasts and I realised the bedside light next to me
  made my top almost transparent.  
His voice huskier now as he asked shakily &quot; Are you cold sweetie&quot;.
  I swallowed and nodded. &quot;Please cuddle me &quot; I said. He pulled the
  sheet I was sitting on from under me, unwrapping my arms from around his neck;
  I slid in next to him. He pulled the sheets over us as I lay on my back next
  to him, his arm under my shoulders. He leaned over me to turn off the bedside
  light. I felt his warm body close to me as he murmured &quot;OK a quick cuddle
  to calm and warm you and then back to bed and we will discuss this in the morning&quot;.
  He kissed my cheek as he moved back keeping his arm under my shoulders &quot;I
  certainly don't want to lose touch again with my lovely daughter.&quot;  
I felt strange being semi naked in bed with a man for the first time even
  though it was my Dad. I could feel the heat from his body. I lay there holding
  my breath, my nipples hard and a warm feeling in my lower belly. He whispered
  to me quietly in the dark, his warm breath brushing my cheek. I felt his arm
  tighten around my shoulders then move lower under my armpit. His hand brushed
  against the side of my breast. I could hear him breathing more rapidly as he
  moved his hand against the side of my tit. His thumb stroking it.  
I knew about sex of course, Claire and I had often talked about it, we had
  even practiced doing blow jobs on bananas as Claire said guys liked that and
  it was safer than going all the way. I felt a warm excited glow as I lay next
  to him. Instinctively I knew he was going to make love to me. It wasn't how
  I had imagined my first time would be but I wasn't too scared. I hoped it wouldn't
  hurt too much.  
He half turned towards me. Swallowing I pressed closer against him, I was
  sure if I let him do it he would not send me away. His hand opened and cupped
  my breast. I squirmed and sighed softly. It felt nice and my hard nipple tingled.
  I could feel his prick pressing against my hip in the darkness under the sheets.
  I realised he was naked. My breathing quickened and I dropped my hand down
  low and touched his cock as if by accident. It was the first time I had touched
  one.  
He gasped softly &quot; Yesssssssss&quot; and lay still his hand fondling
  my breast. Emboldened and holding my breath I stroked his penis up and down.
  My fingers gentle as I explored it. The head was silky smooth and slightly
  oily under my fingers. His penis felt so big and hard, as if there were a bone
  in it. I felt the warm flush between my thighs spreading and I pressed them
  together. His hand on my breast gripped tighter, fingers digging in, pinching
  my nipples through my thin top. I squirmed &quot;that hurts&quot; I whimpered
  softly&quot;  
&quot;Shhhhhhh&quot; He growled, his voice thick and a bit harsher &quot; Your
  Aunt is next door, be quiet &quot; He squeezed my breast hard grunting and
  panting. My nipples were hurting now from the pinching. I let go of his penis
  feeling suddenly afraid as I felt a stab of pain shooting through me.  
He abruptly turned me on my side facing away from him; his arms round me
  pulling me back against him. I felt his hardness digging into my back. His
  hands slipped under my thin shirt and he pulled it up roughly, baring my breasts.
  He was panting harder and his whiskey breath was hot on the back of my neck.
  One arm pinned my chest crushing me back against him, the fingers of his other
  hand pinching and pulling my nipple viciously. I squirmed and tried to move
  away. I was feeling frightened now, he was so rough. I didn't want it to be
  like this. I thought it would be gentle and loving with lots of kissing and
  fondling. He grunted in my ear, his voice thick with lust.  
 &quot;Stay still and be quiet you little prick teaser, I am going to fuck
  the arse off you&quot; With that his hand went to the waist of my panties.
  He half lifted me and he pulled them down roughly over my hips to mid-thigh.
  I pulled at his hands now fighting to get him to stop.  
I gasped with shock, squirming and bucking. I was frightened of him now.
  I realised he was drunker than I thought initially. I opened my mouth to scream
  and his left hand moved from molesting my tits to clamp my mouth and nose.
  His arm still crushing me against him. He groped at my sex with his right hand,
  fingers stabbing against my closed thighs as he tried to force them apart,
  his nails scratching the tender skin.  
I was crying with terror his hand over my mouth crushing my lips against
  my teeth. I couldn't breathe properly. I felt his finger grind against my cunny
  lips, trying to push it inside me. He was thrusting his hard thick prick just
  under my bare buttocks, trying to force it between my thighs, which I had clamped
  tight together. I was terrified. This wasn't sexy; it wasn't what I wanted.
  I couldn't understand why he was forcing me when I would have let him take
  me if he had been gentle.  
Suddenly the door burst open and the lights flicked on. He pushed me from
  him roughly so I fell to floor with a thump. I was almost naked, shirt pulled
  up to my neck, panties round my legs just above my knees. It was my aunt.  
&quot;Thank God Bridie &quot; I heard him exclaim &quot; get this little
  slut off me, she crept in my room while I was asleep and tried to get in my
  bed&quot;  
My Aunt swept down on me as I lay sprawled semi nude on the floor. She drew
  back her hand and slapped me hard across my face. It made my head spin with
  shock and hurt. My cheek was aflame and I shrieked. She grabbed my hair and
  dragged me out, down the passageway to my room and threw me on my bed.  
&quot;You little whore &quot; she screamed at me, her face contorted, eyes
  blazing and spit flecking her lips. She slapped me again hard and my head jerked
  back from violence of the blow. I was stunned and sobbing violently, trying
  to protest that dad had tried to rape me. She pushed her face close to mine
  and hissed.  
&quot;It's a convent school in Ireland for you&quot; with that she picked
  up my mobile from the bedside table and left, locking the door behind her.  
I spent the night crying into my pillow. I felt guilty and ashamed at my
  behaviour but also angry at how my father had betrayed me. The next morning
  Aunt Bridie came to my bedroom, packed some of my clothes in a case and told
  me to get dressed. I was too embarrassed and upset to try and explain. She
  gave me a cup of tea, which tasted a bit odd. As I dressed I started to feel
  strange. Everything got a little hazy as if I was in a dream, not really knowing
  what was happening. I never saw Dad again, and we left for the journey to Ireland.  
 ---------------------------------------------  


Chapter 2:    
Welcome to Hell   
Suddenly I felt a sharp pain in my ankle and I gasped, my eyes flicking open,
  I was back from my reverie and, heart sinking, I saw I was still in the Mother
Superior's Room.  
&quot;Answer girl&quot; my Aunt hissed. I realised she had kicked my ankle.  
I gulped " Sorry Mother Superior " I stammered; having missed the last few
  minutes " what did you say"  
My Aunt interjected &quot; You must forgive Phillipa, I had to sedate her
  as she was so out of control She is still not quite recovered&quot;  
&quot;I asked if you were still a virgin, girl and did you have any explanation
  for your conduct? &quot; The wizened old Nun repeated.  
I felt my face getting warm and flushed, stammering I replied .&quot;I am
  a virgin Ma'am and I am truly sorry for my behaviour.&quot; I wanted to try
  and explain but I was too choked up to speak properly.  
&quot;Mmmmmmml &quot; the Nun's eyes bored into me and then she turned and
  addressed my Aunt.  
&quot; I will need to discuss this with our Religious Adviser who is currently
  taking Benediction but if we accept Phillipa there will have to be strict conditions,
  and I am sorry but as all our bursaries are allocated fees will have to be
  paid.  
My Aunt leaned forward &quot;Fees are no problem to be sure Reverend Mother &quot; she
  said... &quot;Phillipa has a large inheritance in Trust and I and her brother
  are the trustees. We have absolute discretion as to her welfare and custody.
  As to conditions &quot; she continued &quot; we will be happy to accept any,
  we are only concerned for her moral and educational needs&quot;.  
I blinked as I heard this, I wanted to protest, I didn't want to stay here,
  I hated this place, it scared me but I bit my tongue still feeling ashamed,
  lost and worthless.  
The Old Nun smiled as she heard my Aunt and continued.  
&quot;Very well, you would have to sign a commitment form. This will be binding
  till Phillipa reaches the age of sixteen; at that time we will have the discretion
  to keep her for a further two years till she reaches her majority. There will
  be no outside contact with anyone, not even you or her father for the first
  six months and only after that with our permission. You will also have to sign
  a waiver as we occasionally have to use corporal punishment&quot; as she finished
  she turned and looked at me hearing me gasp in protest.  
My Aunt nodded &quot;That's no problem either; I think the little trollop
  needs a firm hand&quot; She glared at me, her eyes cold and hard. I swallowed
  and dropped my head, silently shaking with trepidation as to what was in store
  for me. The Nun rang a bell, a white robed figure entered.  
&quot;Take this little one to the infirmary please for evaluation and to
  await final acceptance &quot; the Mother Superior directed.  
 If I had but known what awaited me in this dreadful place I would have screamed
  and fought, ran for my life. But still dazed and embarrassed, lost, frightened
  and ashamed I meekly acquiesced  
I picked up my case and followed the young nun down a long hall to some steps,
  which led down into a long white- painted room. There were some 8 beds along
  each wall, each with a cabinet alongside. Most of the beds were empty. Crosses
  and other catholic symbols the only decorations. The young nun smiled kindly
  at me. &quot;Sit on an empty bed and wait here &quot; she said. I sat and waited,
  my hands folded on my lap. The white robed figure left.  
I looked round still shaking a little. On the next bed to me I saw mass of
  blonde hair splayed across the pillow. The owner was lying face down. I looked
  across and saw only one other bed occupied, a dark haired small form just visible
  under the white sheets. I coughed nervously, my fingers white knuckled as I
  grasped my hands tightly. The figure in the bed next to me moved and the head
  turned. A pale face looked at me from under the tangle of blonde hair. She
  seemed to be somewhat older than me- about fifteen I guessed. I smiled nervously
  at her. Her deep blue eyes regarded me solemnly, and then she smiled. &quot;Hi &quot; she
  said in a soft Irish accent &quot; I am Anna what's your name&quot;.  
&quot;Phillipa &quot; I stammered.  
&quot;Welcome to Hell Phillipa " she whispered. Looking round cautiously
  she slowly sat up, the sheet falling from her, showing a wide white bandage
  bound tightly around her breasts. She sat on bed, the sheet covering her lower
  body to the waist and faced me.  
&quot;When did you arrive&quot; she asked.  
&quot;Just a little while ago&quot; I replied keeping my voice as low as
  hers.  
She sighed, &quot;Poor you- how old are you and where are you from&quot;  
&quot;I am thirteen and from England&quot;. I looked at her upper body as
  I replied. &quot; What's that I asked - are you injured?&quot;  
She chuckled ruefully &quot;Nope - well not yet- but my breasts are bound
  like this to prepare them for caning.&quot;  
&quot;Oh my God &quot; I gasped "that's awful, they can't do that surely?  
&quot;They can do whatever they like&quot; She retorted and slid out of bed. &quot; I
  have been here three years and believe me breast caning is not the worst penance
  I have had to endure". She wore only a pair of off-white loose fitting knickers,
  tied at the waist and legs by draw strings. &quot;Look at this &quot; she added
  as she padded over to one of the other beds and drew down the sheet from the
  figure I had seen earlier.  
It was a young girl of about my age, dark haired; she was quite plump and
  breathing shallowly as she lay on her tummy. I gasped in horror. From just
  under the same type of knickers as Anna's both of her bare legs were a mass
  of red angry looking bruises that extended down to just above her ankles. It
  must be excruciatingly painful I thought, every inch of tender bare flesh was
  striped with thick raised welts. I shuddered  
 &quot; She must be in agony&quot; I said to Anna, Why is she so still&quot;?  
Anna beckoned me closer and reaching down she rolled back one of the girl's
  eyelids, the pupil was dilated and vacant. The young girl's face was streaked
  with tears but she didn't move.  
&quot; They have shot her full of Tramadol or some opiate I expect &quot; replied
  Anna &quot;they usually do that after a severe beating if the girl is repentant&quot;.
  I shivered, a thousand questions buzzing through my head. I was just going
  to quiz her further when we heard footsteps outside.  
&quot;Quick&quot; Anna hissed &quot; get back on the bed and keep your mouth
  shut OK &quot;?  
The door opened and I looked up. The young white clad nun entered together
  with my Aunt and a short fat priest. He was in his 40's I guessed. Almost bald
  with tiny little piggy eyes. They walked over and stood looking down at me.
  My Aunt smiled coldly.  
&quot;Well miss &quot; she almost spat out the words &quot;That's you settled
  for the next three years- all signed and delivered, Monseigneur Xavier has
  decided to accept you. May god have mercy on your soul&quot;  
I shuddered at the venom in her voice, I know I had been bad but I didn't
  deserve this. I looked up at her, my eyes begging for mercy. She stared at
  me and then turned away. The priest waddled closer, his piggy eyes making my
  flesh crawl as they washed over me. He spoke in quite a high pitched voice,
  almost squeaking.  
 &quot;Phillipa, I am Father Ignatius, you will be staying here in the Infirmary
  for a few days at least until we have finished your evaluation. We can't have
  you contaminating the rest of the girls. Ms Bridie please empty her case on
  the bed&quot;.  
I felt like a leper or pariah. I was only just thirteen, how on earth I am
  going to contaminate anyone I wondered? My heart felt like lead and I longed,
  oh how I longed to be back again with my friends in England. I groaned realising
  that only my Aunt and Dad had any idea where I was.  
They then proceeded to sort through my clothes leaving only a school skirt,
  long white socks, black shoes and blouse on the bed. The rest, including my
  underwear, they loosely piled in the open case.  
&quot;That's all she will need&quot; the Priest said indicating the pitifully
  small heap of clothes left on bed &quot;We will provide everything else&quot;.  
Hearing that my aunt packed up my case with the rest of my clothes and left
  without a backward glance. I looked after her my heart sinking. I felt a wash
  of despair flooding me. I dropped my head in my hands and burst into tears.
  The fat priest shot out his arm, his podgy hand pushing my hands aside. He
  gripped my face, fat fingers squeezing my cheeks hard.  
&quot;Stop snivelling brat &quot; he squeaked &quot;Or I will really give
  you something to cry about&quot;. With that he turned to the white robed young
  nun watching. &quot;Get this wretched girl showered and dressed appropriately-
  Monseigneur will hear her confession later and &quot;Oh &quot; he added leering
  at me &quot; Don't forget to give her a full body search, there's no knowing
  what she may have brought here concealed on her person.&quot;  
 With that he turned and stepped close to where Anna lay and grabbed her
  by the back of her neck as she lay prone &quot; This little slut should be
  ready now for the punishment room&quot;.  
The nun reached down and dragged me unwillingly to my feet. Her eyes flicked
  momentarily to the fat black-cassocked priest.  
&quot;Wouldn't you prefer to wait to punish Anna with me present Father&quot; she
  enquired a little anxiously? He grunted something and ushered her away. I followed
  the young nun through a door into what seemed to be a combined bathroom and
  examination room.  
The floor and walls were tiled white, with three open shower stalls immediately
  to the left next to a toilet closet with no door. A series of cabinets lined
  the wall opposite the door we had entered and a large stainless steel table,
  partly covered in a white sheet, occupied the middle. There was a desk and
  chair against the wall to our right, which also had a closed door with glass
  window at eye level. I stumbled in, my legs shaking. I felt like a zombie unable
  to really believe this was happening to me. Praying this was a dream from which
  I would soon awaken.  
The young nun spoke &quot;get stripped and showered Phillipa, use a shower
  cap, as we don't have time to dry your long hair&quot;. She took a towel, shower
  cap and a bar of soap from a drawer and handed them to me indicating I was
  to use the first shower stall. &quot; Drop your clothes on the floor you won't
  need them again as you will wear the standard uniform of a Penitent girl.  
I was so stunned and bewildered I didn't even ask what on earth a Penitent
  girl was. &quot;Yes Sister&quot; I mumbled.  
&quot;Don't call me Sister- I am not a Bride of Christ girl, I am still a
  novitiate, you may address me as Miss Caitlin &quot;  
 She looked at me as she spoke, saw me nodding my understanding then went
  to stand near the far wall by the windowed door. Slowly, arms shaking I slipped
  off my clothes till I stood naked on the cold tiles, my clothing in a heap
  on the floor. I stepped into a shower, turned on the taps, pleasantly surprised
  that the water was hot and proceeded to wash myself. I looked down the length
  of the room at Miss as she peered out through the window grille in the far
  door.  
I dried myself quickly then wrapped the towel round me and stood shaking
  as I waited by my clothes piled on the floor. Caitlin beckoned me to her and
  I padded across the tiles. She put her finger to her lips indicating that I
  was to be silent and then gripping the back of my neck in her hand pulled my
  face next to hers and I looked through the glass window.  
I gasped in shock, my heart sank and my tummy flipped. There in the centre
  of a brightly-lit room I saw Anna spread-eagled naked on a table. Her wrists
  and ankles were strapped to each corner. Her face was contorted and streaked
  with tears. A sort of thick wide dummy was held in her mouth by straps fixed
  round her head. It stretched her mouth cruelly wide and saliva drooled down
  covering her chin. Her blonde hair was matted and flew around as she tossed
  her head frantically from side to side. Her body sheened with sweat arms and
  legs straining as she twisted and fought against the restraints holding her.
  Across her sweet breasts were thin wicked looking red stripes.  
I winced as I saw a cane lash down cutting into the underside of her breasts.
  I saw the fat priest, his face red and sweaty with exertion, his hand holding
  a thin whippy cane that he was using to lash her. He turned and looked at us
  watching. His eyes were manically wide, his open mouth panting. He grinned
  evilly then turned his head away, looked down at Anna and continued to rain
  blow after blow on the young girl's unprotected breasts.  
I felt sick and pulled my head back, not wanting to see such cruelty. The
  novice Nun thrust my face back against the glass &quot;Look round the room &quot; she
  hissed in my ear. I closed my eyes not wanting to see anymore. Then realising
  that she wanted me to learn something I opened them and let my gaze travel
  round the room. It was large and windowless; cream coloured walls and white
  tiled floor.  
I tried to avoid looking at the table where Anna lay. Against the far wall
  I saw a large wooden frame. It was shaped like a large X and had metal manacles
  on each leg and arm. As I looked round further I saw a wooden stock with small
  platform just in front and also a long wooden rail, like a barre that I recognised
  from when I had gone a few times to ballet classes. There were bolts and chains
  attached to the floor in front of it.  
The walls were lined with racks and shelves holding a variety of whips, paddles,
  canes, manacles and cuffs. I blinked not wanting to see anymore. It was horrid.
  Such an air of brooding menace. The room seemed to vibrate to all the wicked
  cruelty that obviously took place inside its walls.  
Just before I pulled away I saw in one corner a small metal cage. The bars
  were quite close together. It was not much bigger than a dog kennel. There
  were some weird metal attachments fixed at one of the narrower sides of the
  cage. They were large iron thick rods, one just above the other about two feet
  off the bottom of the cage secured from the outside but pointing in. I couldn't
  bear to see anymore and I squeezed my eyes shut, feeling sick and pulled away.  
The young novice nun dragged me back to the table in centre of the room. &quot; I
  wanted you to see what the punishment room looks like Phillipa&quot; she whispered
  softly. &quot;Just remember to behave yourself, obey all orders and perhaps
  you may avoid being taken there&quot;. She smiled at me and her green eyes
  were strangely gentle.  
 &quot;Hop up on table and drop the towel, I have to do the body search&quot;.
  I groaned and looked at her whispering  
&quot; Can't you just say you did it please Miss, I really don't have anything
  concealed&quot;. She shook her head, hissing in my ear,  
&quot;All rooms have CCTV if I don't do it then either Father Ignatius or
  the Punishment Sister will and believe me you don't want that&quot;. She smiled &quot;Come
  on don't be a baby it won't hurt, otherwise I will have to sedate you&quot;.  
I dropped the towel feeling my face flush as I realised that I would never
  have any privacy again. I thought of the open toilet I had seen next to the
  shower stalls and groaned softly. I sat on the table; naked thighs pressed
  modestly together, arms crossed round my breasts. She pushed me back, firmly
  but not roughly till I was lying flat on my back. She pulled my legs apart
  and pushed them back against my chest folding my knees under so I was resting
  on the small of my back my lower half almost clear of the table. &quot;Put
  your hands under your knees and hold your legs back and open like this Phillipa &quot;  
 Reluctantly, face flushed with shame at being so exposed to her and the
  cameras I complied.  
She smiled and nodded, went to a drawer in the desk and took out some latex
  gloves and a large jar. She snapped a glove on her right hand, dipped a finger
  in the jar, held it for me to see that the middle finger was coated in some
  kind of cream. She stepped between my wide spread thighs. I tensed as I felt
  her finger at my sex. She slowly pushed it between my labial lips. It slipped
  in quite easily. I held my breath as she slid it deeper moving it from side
  to side, twisting it slightly as she probed inside my sex. I gasped as a wave
  of sexual excitement flooded through me. My nipples hardened and I bit my lips
  to suppress the soft moan of pleasure that bubbled up from deep within me.  
&quot;From the tightness of your cunny I guess you are still a virgin or
  at least you have not had a cock inside you yet?" She said softly, looking
  at me from between my spread legs. I nodded weakly.  
She slowly withdrew the finger and I tensed my buttocks knowing where she
  was going to check next. I had never had anything pushed inside my bottom and
  I was frightened and embarrassed. She moved so I could see her clearly. Her
  face, framed by the wimple was flushed; she licked her lips as she looked at
  me. She smiled and then stripped off the glove, tossed it to the floor, took
  a clean glove, slipped it on and dipped the middle finger in the jar again.  
" First time ?" she asked, her green eyes showing traces of amusement. I
  nodded.  
&quot;Relax &quot; She whispered,&quot; Some girls adore this&quot; , then
  stepped back between my thighs again.  
Her finger lightly brushed against my puckered tight anus. I tensed my buttocks.
  Slowly she increased the pressure. I felt my anus open as her finger entered
  my secret place. I winced as it pushed against my sphincter. I grunted and
  tried to relax. She twisted her finger a little and I felt the latex finger
  sliding between the tensed muscles inside my rectum. It felt strange, sore
  but not unpleasant, she moved the finger gently rubbing against the ribbing
  of my sphincter muscle, twisting and sliding in and out. I grunted and raised
  my bottom a little.  
She pushed harder and I felt the knuckle of her finger against my anal opening
  as her finger drove deep into me. She wriggled her finger a little more and
  then gently slid it out, removed the glove and stepped round to the side of
  the table and looked down at me. Her face was smiling.  
 &quot;That wasn't so bad now was it Phillipa&quot; she asked softly. Weakly
  I nodded; I felt such a mixture of emotions. It had felt nice once I had got
  used to it; she was kind and gentle and I suddenly flushed as I realise I wanted
  her to like me and that I had enjoyed being so intimately exposed to her. Her
  small kindnesses magnified by the horrors and strangeness of this place that
  were threatening to overwhelm me.  
&quot;Thank you for being so gentle with me&quot; I whispered back. She looked
  at me &quot;All clear so far; just one more orifice to check&quot; she said &quot;and
  you had better not bite!&quot;  
She moved behind my head and I dropped my legs and lay flat and still, my
  trembling thighs pressed tightly together. I realised with a sense of embarrassment
  that I was aroused and my sex was moist. I rested the back of my head on the
  table; looked up at her from my upside-down position and slowly opened my mouth
  wide in offering to her. She leaned forward, the material of her white robe
  brushing against the top of my head. With her bare middle finger she traced
  the outlines of my lips. I held my breath; her touch was so erotic and sensual.
  The finger snaked inside my warm wet mouth, sliding over my teeth, exploring
  my gums and inside my cheeks. It felt so intimate. She hooked back her finger
  and stroked the underside of my soft palate. I could taste her finger and my
  lips felt suddenly dry. My heart was pounding and I felt a little shiver of
  excitement run through me centring at my sex.  
I looked up at her trustingly as she slowly forced her finger a little deeper.
  My mouth strained wide, my jaws starting to hurt. Her finger slid under my
  tongue. I moved it making it dance against her finger. Her finger was still
  as she let my tongue stroke it. My tummy was trembling as if it were full of
  fluttering butterflies. I was astonished at how intimate and erotic it was,
  giving someone such access to my mouth. Slowly the finger started to withdraw.
  I felt a sudden sense of loss. I adored having her finger inside my mouth.
  Closing my lips a little I sucked on the finger, not wanting it to leave. She
  pulled it free past my pursed lips. I felt a sudden twinge of conscience realising
  I had momentarily forgotten about poor Anna being so cruelly caned not more
  than ten yards away. I swallowed and closed my eyes.  
Her voice, now a little harsher rang in my ears &quot;All done now girl,
  get off the table and if you have made a mess on my sheet you will have to
  wash it later&quot;  
With that she picked up my discarded clothes and the gloves, dropped them
  in a bin and took some folded garments from a drawer. &quot;Here&quot; she
  said &quot; put these on while I check on Anna&quot;.  
 She left and I unfolded the clothes. There were only two items. A white
  shift with pink "P" on the left breast and a pair of large knickers with ribbon
  ties at the waist and legs similar to those I had seen on Anna and the unconscious
  girl on the bed. I presumed the "P" stood for my name. Quickly I put them on
  tying them at the waist and legs. I was still in a daze, still not believing
  what was happening, hoping against hope that I would wake up soon in my own
  bed safe and warm. The material of the shift and bloomers was quite rough and
  scratched a little.  
 I waited, standing by the table, shuddering with fear. I realised with a
  sinking sensation in my belly that it wasn't a dream and I was completely abandoned
  in this mad house, cut off from my friends and the life I had known. Tears
  trickled down my cheeks and I longed to die, the feeling of utter desolation
  made me feel sick and I tasted bile in my throat as I wretched dryly.  
I heard raised voices from the dormitory where I had been previously. I recognised
  Father Ignatius's whiney shrill voice &quot;Anna is fine, just countersign
  the punishment book, six strokes as was specified and stop bitching Caitlin
  or you will find yourself in the pit for a week&quot;  
I heard Caitlin answer softly but determinedly &quot; Father you gave her
  many more, you can see from her file she has been bought and paid for. She
  is scheduled to be collected in four weeks and if she is badly marked or scarred
  it is I who will be held responsible&quot;. I gulped as I heard this, not really
  understanding but knowing that there seemed to be many more horrors here than
  I had realised as yet.  
I jumped as I suddenly heard my name &quot;Phillipa get out here now &quot; it
  was the piggy priest, and I stepped quickly into the main room knowing he wasn't
  someone to be crossed or made to wait. I stood trembling, eyes looking down,
  my hair shrouding my face.  
&quot;Has she been searched? &quot; He enquired of Caitlin.  
&quot;Yes Father&quot; she replied &quot; she is clean.&quot;  
His voice dropped an octave as he barked &quot;Is she a virgin, I see from
  her file she attempted to seduce her father, God save her soul&quot;.  
I raised my eyes and looked at Caitlin as she answered.  
&quot;Yes Father, anally and vaginally though it appears her hymen had been
  broken some time ago&quot;  
&quot;Hmm &quot; he replied &quot; well I hope you made sure she was properly
  displayed for the cameras, she should get a lot of interest from our customers&quot;.  
 He glared at me and then turned to Caitlin &quot;I will review the tapes
  later, get Anna back here and doped up and cleaned. Benediction is almost finished
  and the Monseigneur will be hearing confessions soon so make sure Phillipa
  is ready&quot;.  
With that he waddled to the door, it closed it behind him with a dull thud
  as he left.  
Caitlin sighed and then turned to me. &quot; Quickly now girl &quot; she
  said, &quot;help me with Anna&quot;. With that she glided down the room to
  a door at the end. I followed quickly and we entered the punishment room. I
  avoided looking anywhere except at poor Anna, still spread-eagled on the table.
  The thought of what all the equipment and apparatus was for was too horrid
  to contemplate.  
Anna looked awful. Her breasts were a mass of angry looking red welts. Her
  nipples were bruised and dark, almost purple. I shuddered as she lay twitching,
  her wide eyes reflecting the agony she must be feeling. Her naked body was
  covered in sweat; her cunny looked so bare and vulnerable, the tight lips forming
  a split in the sweeping softness of lower belly. The obscene plug that still
  stretched and filled her mouth was covered in saliva. Her face tear streaked.
  The harsh white overhead lights revealing every detail of her shocking condition.  
I heard Caitlin growl "That sadist will kill a girl one of these days ".
  She took a hypodermic from a drawer under the table, checked it and then plunged
  the needle into Anna's left arm. Anna's body jerked for a few seconds and then
  went still. Caitlin dropped the empty syringe in a nearby bin, rolled back
  Anna's eye lid and then sighed.  
&quot;Ok she is out now, thank God for fast acting Valium, now help me get
  her untied and back to bed so we can attend to her wounds.&quot;  
I helped untie the motionless girl; Caitlin undid the straps round her head
  and slowly and tenderly pulled the plug from her mouth. I winced as I saw the
  fat obscene plug. It was covered in saliva and teeth marks. We carried Anna
  back to the dormitory and placed her on a bed gently. I could feel the heat
  from her welted flesh and I shuddered. Caitlin handed me a pot of cream,  
&quot;This is a mixture of cortisone and steroid &quot; she told me &quot;massage
  it into her breasts, it will speed the healing and reduce the pain when she
  comes round&quot;. I nodded, trying to quench the sick feeling in my belly. &quot;I
  am going to the refectory before it closes for the night, I need to get my
  supper and no doubt you are hungry and thirsty also. So just attend to your
  sister here and I will be right back&quot; with that she left.  
I scooped the cream into my hands and started to gently apply it to the red
  angry skin of Anna's breasts. I could feel the heat from her skin even through
  the cool cream. My head was buzzing with a thousand questions; I was in a daze.
  I groaned softly and concentrated on trying to help Anna. I would save my questions
  till later. I sensed Caitlin could be a friend and could explain to me what
  on earth was happening.  
 I smoothed the cream round and round. My fingers light and gently as I stroked
  Anna's abused tits. Despite lying flat, Anna's breasts were still well shaped.
  Rising like two pert red streaked hillocks , each topped by a bruised dark
  nipple. The flesh was firm under my fingers and my cream covered hands glided
  easily over her skin tenderly massaging the ugly welts. I felt a flush of shame
  as I realised I was getting aroused. I had an intense longing to kiss and lick
  her bruised nipples. I wanted to kiss them better, but also I longed to know
  how they would feel in my warm wet mouth.  
I shivered as I softly stroked her caned breasts, so mottled red against
  the ivory colour of the rest of her naked body. My gaze travelled down over
  the slight swell of her tummy to her slit. I had thought it hairless but I
  now saw there was the faintest of golden downy hair just above the tight dark
  pink folds of her labia. She looked so beautiful lying there so still, even
  her breasts bearing the cruel marks of the cane now looked erotic and exciting.
  I continued to stroke them with my cream covered fingers and hands. I groaned
  softly and then shook myself.  
"Christ pippa " I scolded myself "stop looking at her as if she were your
  lover, you aren't a les".  
Despite this self-admonishment it was all I could do to stop myself from
  leaning over and kissing her soft lips and touching her pussy. Face flushed
  and warm I stepped away guiltily and hurried into the shower room. I filled
  a bowl with warm water, grabbed some soap, flannel and a towel and returned
  to the Anna's side. I looked over shamefacedly at the plump girl with the caned
  legs I had seen earlier but she hadn't moved.  
Tenderly I bathed Anna's face, gently wiping away the tearstains and dried
  saliva from her cheeks and chin. I carefully bathed her bruised lips and smoothed
  back her blonde hair from her forehead. Lacking a brush I combed it with my
  fingers and arranged it so it looked tidier. I purposely didn't stare too long
  at her breasts now glowing darker red under the layer of cream.  
 I remembered Caitlin's remark about her being bought and paid for and I
  shuddered still not really understanding but knowing her fate was not going
  to be pleasant. I prayed whatever drug induced dreams she was experiencing
  were happy ones. I knelt by her bedside and held her hand, my head bowed in
  weariness and despair, tears streaming down my cheeks.  
The door behind me opened and I heard voices. It was Caitlin and another
  white robed nun. I scrambled to my feet and swallowed. Caitlin was carrying
  a tray laden with a bowl, plate and a mug. I wiped at my eyes with the towel
  I still held. Caitlin looked at Anna and then smiled at me kindly " Ok little
  Phillipa suppertime - soup, bread and water and be quick as it will be confession
  time soon"  
I realised that I was hungry and thirsty and taking the food offered I sat
  on the bed allocated to me and ate greedily. I was aware of the other novitiate
  watching me, an amused smile on her face. I looked up at her anxiously.  
I am Miss Aisha " she said, her accent wasn't the soft Irish brogue I was
  getting accustomed to,  
"You must be the latest Penitent girl"  
She pointed at my white vest and I realised that the initial wasn't for my
  name as I had first thought though I still had no idea what Penitent signified.  
" Yes Miss " I replied " I am Phillipa".  
Her eyes were dark brown and her complexion was coffee coloured. She looked
  Asian and it was hard to tell her age. Certainly older than Caitlin , perhaps
  late 20's I thought. Her lips were stretched in a thin parody of a smile and
  I shivered sensing she wasn't going to be as kind as Caitlin. She turned to
  Caitlin; "only three girls in the infirmary I see, guess the Nun's are slipping
  or at least being more lenient." Caitlin didn't answer, just nodded eyeing
  Aisha carefully.  
Aisha moved to the plump girl opposite I had seen earlier, still lying on
  her tummy but covered by a sheet. She pulled the sheet back exposing the raw
  welted legs. "Hmmm " She almost purred "Nice striping there, presumably that
  was Sister Theresa's handiwork". It was obviously a rhetorical question as
  without waiting for an answer she leaned down and started pinching the welts.
  I saw the prone girl jerk and start moaning softly.  
I gasped at such wanton cruelty; Aisha looked across as she heard me and
  her eyes grew cold. Glaring at me she gripped the back of the poor girls legs
  tightly, digging her fingers into the raw red bruised flesh. The intense pain
  must have broken through whatever drugs they had pumped into her and she howled
  in anguish. Aisha kept her eyes fixed on me as she pinched and twisted the
  flesh; talon like fingers digging ever deeper. I looked at Caitlin but she
  ignored both Aisha and me.  
The cruel novitiate stopped, drew the sheet back over the trembling sobbing
  young girl and strode back, stood towering over my seated figure. "Well now
  Phillipa" she hissed " did you want to say something?" I looked up at her,
  shuddering at the malice in her voice. I wanted to tell her what I thought
  of someone who could be so cruel to anther girl like that; one who had already
  been punished and didn't deserve to be tormented further. But I somehow knew
  that I shouldn't interfere. "No Miss" I replied hating the way my voice trembled;
  eyes looking at the floor.  
"Look at me girl not at the floor "she barked. I looked up at her trying
  to conceal my feelings. I was terrified. "Stand up pinkie " she ordered " and
  take off your shirt".  
"For goodness sake Aisha leave the wretched girl alone, she only arrived
  a few hours ago, she is bewildered and scared, stop teasing her". Caitlin's
  voice was conciliatory and I looked at her  
thankfully.  
"Oh " Aisha's voice was playful now "you looking to make her your pinkie
  pet are you Caitlin, I thought you had decided never again after what happened
  with poor Alice?"  
I saw Caitlin shrug " Don't be so stupid" she retorted, " I don't care but
  she is supposed to be seeing Monseigneur Xavier any minute".  
I stood there trembling, my heart sinking as I heard Caitlin's remark. My
  tormentor glared at me and motioned with her hands. " Off with it girl".  
I looked at Caitlin but she avoided my eyes. Some sixth sense warned me not
  to refuse; I had already seen how callous and cruel she could be. I reached
  down and slowly pulled the vest over my head, dropped it to the floor and stood
  there semi naked, arms hanging loosely by my sides.  
Aisha chuckled "Are you sure this is a girl Caitlin, I have seen bigger tits
  on a boy. I think Father Ignatius will love her, Phillipa will remind him of
  all the altar boys he buggered before he was exiled here to pussyland. Perhaps
  she had better drop her bloomers just to show she has a cunny and not a cocky?"  
Just then a bell rang on the wall and Caitlin sighed and got to her feet.  
 "Confession time" Aisha muttered reluctantly "guess you are saved by the
  bell Phillipa."  
Caitlin motioned me to put my top on and to follow her out. She called back
  over her shoulder to Aisha as we left "She is a girl all right dear sis, and
  she has the sweetest little cunny".  
I blushed as I heard Caitlin' comment, thankful also for this reprieve from
  the attentions of Aisha. I felt a sense of dread at what life here promised
  for me. I tried to remember the confession ritual as, stumbling a little on
  tired legs, I followed Caitlin up the wooden stairs. As we reached the top
  Caitlin hissed to me...  
"Be warned Phillipa, Monseigneur Xavier is in complete authority round here
  in all matters religious and this being Ireland that means secular as well.
  He is answerable to no one so tell the truth when He asks, obey his commends
  promptly and pray He doesn't take a dislike to you or your manner. He could
  make your life here hell. This is a closed Order and Community; so ordinary
  rules don't apply. Call Him "Monseigneur" at all times. Understand?"  
I nodded weakly; too weary, frightened and confused to do anything else.  
Chapter 3 :    
Strange Confession.   
Miss knocked on a large oak door and we waited. A loud voice bid "Enter".  
 Caitlin opened the door and half pushed me through, closing it behind me.  
I looked round as I stood nervously by the door. It was a large room with
  an enormous black desk to the left. The floor was polished wood and bare except
  for a large Persian rug in the centre.  
"Here girl" a strong baritone voice made me jump a little.  
I saw the voice's owner, a red robed figure sitting in the middle of the
  room on a large throne like chair. He was pointing to a spot on the rug to
  the side of his feet. He was obviously a priest from the long cassock and berretta
  he wore but his red cassock was embroidered quite elaborately as opposed to
  the plain black ones priests normally wear. Directly in front of him was a
  kneeling girl, with a mass of curly black hair. That and her white blouse and
  grey skirt were all I could see as her back was towards me.  
I padded across to the side of His chair. I felt awkward and gauche in just
  a shift and the silly knickers.  
"Kneel" he almost sang "and compose yourself to receive the sacrament of
  confession girl"  
I shivered as I saw his face close up. He looked about 50 with a long angular
  face dominated by a large Roman nose. His lips were thin. It was his eyes that
  made me shiver though, as he looked briefly at me. They were a kind of yellow,
  very pale and so cold. I quickly dropped to my knees facing him by the side
  of the chair thankful that it was the rug under my bare knees. The kneeling
  black haired girl lifted her head and smiled at me. She seemed about 16 or
  17, quite pretty with dimpled cheeks and blue eyes. Like everyone I had seen
  so far she wore no makeup.  
The seated figure turned his gaze from me and looked at her. "Come closer
  Louisa my child and receive absolution". I watched as she shuffled closer on
  her knees, her black curls almost brushing his red robe. Slowly he got to his
  feet; stood towering over her. He dropped his hands to the folds of his red
  cassock and pulled it upwards, gathering the material in his hands. As he raised
  the skirt I saw first his black polished silver buckled shoes, then his ankles
  and legs covered with black silk stockings that were held up by gaiters. His
  legs were quite thin and hairless. I pressed my hands together as if I were
  praying watching fascinated and bemused.  
When the hem of the robe was just higher than Louisa's head he stretched
  his arms out and then he dropped it enveloping her completely apart from the
  soles of her shoes. He slowly sat down on his chair. His legs were spread wide
  the red cassock now stretched out like a tent with her inside. I could clearly
  see the outline of her head as the material draped over her kneeling figure.
  He placed his left hand, the third finger displaying a large jewelled ring
  on her covered head. He sighed briefly and then placed his right hand on my
  head. The fingers of his large hand gripped my scalp under my hair. I winced.  
This seemed to me a very strange way of hearing confession. I was used to
  a closed confessional box and anonymity. He started to intone some Latin as
  he pushed at Louisa's head under his robe. Her head slowly lowered and she
  shuffled forward a little so I could no longer even see her feet. I gulped
  not believing what was happening. He leaned back in the large chair closing
  his eyes, his hand still on my head, fingers digging into my scalp. His left
  hand still held the top of Louisa's head through the material. Slowly at first
  it moved back and forward; then as if being urged by his hand it moved more
  quickly in a steady rhythm  
I shuddered, my head still firmly gripped, "Oh God " I groaned to myself " she
  is sucking him off under his cassock"!  
I was so close I could hear the wet slurping sounds clearly from under the
  robe. I sneaked a look at him, my head still held immobile. He was smiling
  as he leaned back breathing more quickly. After a while he groaned and his
  hand tightened, painfully hurting my scalp as his other hand, knuckles white,
  pulled her head violently towards his cassock-hidden crotch. I heard a muffled
  yelp and choking and coughing sounds. He gasped loudly and groaned half lifting
  his legs. Then he shuddered and sank back slackly in the chair the hand holding
  Louisa's head relaxing. I heard her coughing and panting for air. He loosened
  his grip on my head but kept it resting there.  
I was stunned and shocked, my scalp sore from where he had gripped me as
  he had come. I swallowed and watched unbelievingly as the girl slowly backed
  out on all fours from under his cassock. She slowly straightened up and knelt
  again as before. Her face was flushed and her black curly hair dishevelled.
  She smiled up at the Priest, her lips and chin wet. There were strands of white
  cum on her lips. Her pink tongue snaked out; slowly she licked her lips clean.  
 He made the sign of the cross over her head and whispered to her "Go now
  my child, your sins are forgiven". With that she got to her feet, looked at
  me briefly, smiled and then turning, walked to door her hips swaying under
  her long grey skirt. Heels clicking on the wooden floor, she left shutting
  the door firmly behind her.  
He sighed and then said " On your feet now Phillipa and stand in front of
  me" I rose and slowly stepped to stand in front of him, just over an arm's
  length away. He half turned and picked up a pink folder from the desk behind
  him. I kept my gaze fixed on the large wooden crucifix that hung from a beaded
  chain round his neck. I didn't want to look into his strange eyes.  
He opened the file and started reading as I stood there trembling. My mind
  was in turmoil; all the bizarre and frightening experiences of the last few
  hours had left me totally disorientated and numb. I had no point of reference-
  nothing made sense- certainly nothing in my life so far had prepared me for
  the horrors I had witnessed.  
"So" he said, and I looked at him "you are our newest Penitent girl, the
  one who tried to seduce her own father?"  
I was too embarrassed and shocked to speak. I nodded and looked up.  
He glared at me, his yellow eyes so cold; they seemed to look right inside
  me. I realised I wasn't supposed to nod, so I stammered  
" Monseigneur I didn't really mean to seduce him". He looked at me steadily
  and I bit my lip.  
Weakly I whispered "Yes"  
"I don't think you are yet ready to receive the sacrament child" he hissed "we
  need to drive out those lustful and impure thoughts that possess you". He glared
  at me and I was too numb and exhausted to protest. "Strip off your clothes " he
  ordered thickly "With God's help I will exorcise the evilness that you have
  succumbed to".  
I wanted to protest. This was wrong; it was he who was impure, he who had
  just had oral sex under the guise of confession. I felt lost in a world of
  perversity where nothing made sense. His eyes bore into mine as he watched
  my confusion and despair. I swallowed remembering how cruelly the girls I had
  seen in the infirmary had been caned and beaten. Remembering Caitlin's last
  words to me.  
Reluctantly with shaking hands I stripped naked, the shift and bloomers pooled
  at my bare feet. I hung my head, my now loose hair shrouding my face; arms
  crossed covering my breasts, trembling thighs pressed tightly together.  
"Stand properly girl" his voice was like a whip cutting into me "Feet shoulder
  width apart, hands clasped behind your neck and elbows out". Flushing I shuffled
  my feet apart and raised my arms, interlacing my fingers behind my neck. This
  position was so revealing and I felt vulnerable and exposed. I wanted to run,
  to escape, to get away from him but I was so weary and full of despair; so
  I just stood there displayed for him, utterly cowed. He beckoned me closer
  till my bare shaking legs were almost touching his knees as he sat upright
  in his chair.  
"Look at me child" he ordered his voice a little softer " and listen carefully.
  I know all this must seem strange to you, plucked as you have been from your
  easy and amoral life in England. For the next 3 years at least your body and
  soul will belong to us. You will be taught humility and obedience. It will
  be hard and painful. The regime here has to be strict, as young girls are particularly
  licentious and wilful. A fertile field for the devil to sow his wickedness." His
  yellow eyes bored into mine as he continued  
 "At the end of your time here you will be an obedient good catholic girl.
  Eager and anxious to please Our Holy Mother The Church in whatever way She
  decides to have you serve Her. You can do it either the hard or easy way but
  whichever you chose will not effect the result".  
He finished and I saw his cold eyes sweep over me from my flushed face, down
  over my quivering body to my bare feet. As I stood there naked and posed in
  front a strange man, knowing all my body was revealed I felt a sudden wash
  of shame. Not at my nudity but at the realisation I was subconsciously pushing
  out my breasts, sucking in my tummy and easing my hips forward, accentuating
  the curve of my brown tufted mound. Part of me wanted him to admire me, to
  desire me. Despite all that had happened to me I found myself pushing my elbows
  back more, lifting my small firm breasts.  
" Perhaps I am a slut " I thought " perhaps I am indeed wicked and sinful" I
  groaned softly deep in my throat unable to make sense of my feelings.  
"Yes Monseigneur" I mumbled part of me longing for this to be over but another
  part finding it exciting. His voice and manner were hypnotically masterful;
  they seemed to brook no argument or dispute.  
His hands went to the beaded chain and cross round his neck and he lifted
  it over his head carefully to avoid catching his berretta. He cradled the large
  wooden crucifix in his hands.  
It was a black polished wood about 12 inches long. It was all one piece;
  the figure of Christ carved from the same piece of wood as the cross. The cross
  limbs were round as opposed to flat. It looked old and primitive.  
"This is my sin-seeker" he said "open your mouth wide"  
I obeyed as his eyes bored into mine. Reversing the cross he held it by the
  short upper end and slowly slid the long ebony rod into my mouth. I gagged
  as it forced it's way in touching the back of my throat. I gulped and tried
  to stay still though it hurt and made me feel a bit sick.  
"Suck on it girl" he commanded " coat it with saliva"  
I closed my mouth around the hard wood, sucking it. He slowly twisted it
  and then pulled it free. The black ebony was slickly wet. I swallowed.  
"The sin-seeker tells me you lie often girl" he hissed. I was confused as
  to how he had worked that out but I licked my lips scooping spit back into
  my mouth.  
He then traced the wet end of the cross down over my throat till it reached
  my breasts. I shivered, arms still bent at the elbows, hands behind my neck.
  The ebony rod felt cool against my warm skin He circled each nipple in turn
  with the butt of the cross. I gasped softly, the sensation was pleasant and
  my nipples responded.  
"I see that you have trouble with the sin of impurity " he murmured leaning
  forward staring at my hard nipples. I bit my lip and stayed silent. His hand
  moved down tracing the end of the cross over the slight swell of my tummy,
  pressing the butt into my soft flesh. He stopped at my mound and ground the
  wooden end hard against it and I winced.  
"Your file says you are still a virgin girl " his voice was soft now but
  insidiously probing "How often do you masturbate?"  
I blinked and rocked slightly on my bare feet, flexing my toes to keep my
  position as he pushed harder just above my slit.  
"Occasionally Monseigneur" I whispered huskily.  
At that he looked into my eyes and smiled " let's see if my sin-seeker agrees."  
With that he slid the cross lower till the end rested against my cunt lips.
  I flinched, thinking he meant to shove the long shaft inside me. I was wrong.  
"Lower your hands" he commanded "grasp the cross by the head.  
As if in a trance, I slowly obeyed. His hands brushed mine as I replaced
  his fingers with mine. He sat back, yellow eyes fixed on the black cross that
  was poised against my cunt.  
"Squat a little and push the holy cross deep inside your sex as far as it
  will go. I want you to force it inside you in one movement" he barked "push
  it deep till you crush Christ's arms against your labia lips".  
I whimpered softly, hands trembling. Suddenly, as if breaking out of a trance
  I felt a surge of anger. All the horrors I had seen, the humiliation I had
  been subjected seemed to explode in my brain. My mind screamed at me "this
  is wrong, this is a sacrilege" I shook myself, straightened up and howling
  with despair and guilt I threw the cross at him. "No I wont" I shrieked.  
The heavy wood hit him in the face and the edge caught his cheek drawing
  blood. I stood there shaking and panting aghast at what I had done. His head
  rocked and a look of amazement crossed his face, quickly followed by a look
  of anger. His left hand shot out and he slapped me hard across my face, his
  heavy ring catching my lip. I squealed, the slap knocking me off balance and
  I folded at the knees and slid to the floor. He rose to his feet, towering
  over me like a red robed devil. I felt a sudden violent blow to my tummy as
  he kicked me hard. I gasped, winded and let out a yelp as I curled up on the
  floor hugging my tummy.  
A bell sounded loudly and the doors burst open. I looked up from the floor,
  face wet with tears gasping at the pain in my belly. Sister Theresa and a brown
  robed monk hurried in.  
"What on earth has happened Monseigneur" the Sister asked, her voice strained
  with concern.  
"This little she-cat attacked me Sister " said the Priest, dabbing at his
  cut cheek with a handkerchief. "Get her out of my sight, she is possessed."  
The Sister strode to where I lay curled up whimpering on the floor, feeling
  sick. She bent down and grabbed my hair trying to haul me to my feet. I screamed
  at the pull on my hair, kicking and fighting, arms and legs flailing.  
She called " Brother come and help me get control of this slut"  
The tall monk stepped behind me, reached down and grasped my arms, pinioning
  them behind my back. He was very strong and I screamed as he forced my hands
  up my back and half lifted me to me feet. He held me tightly as Sister Theresa,
  face flushed from her exertions, back handed me twice viciously across the
  face. Stunned, head reeling I stood there held up by the monk, sobbing with
  fear and anger.  
"What do you want done with her Monseigneur?" she asked panting slightly.  
Fearfully, through the veil of tears coating my eyes I looked at Him.  
He stood there still dabbing at his cut cheek. "I want her beaten till she
  howls for mercy" he said " then I want her beaten again, I want her to regret
  the day she was born. You will see to it that she is conditioned and properly
  prepared for confession next Saturday. I don't however want her sedated at
  any time, let her feel every lick of pain, every sense of degradation. I will
  leave the details to you" he smiled evilly at me as he finished "I know you
  are an expert Sister but please remember no permanent scarring she is still
  valuable".  
Sister Theresa smiled and nodded. "Of course Monseigneur, I promise You will
  not recognise her inside a week. May I get one of my assistants to tend to
  your cut ?" she enquired solicitously.  
He shook his head, "I will get it attended to at the Residence he said, "curfew
  is near, send Brother Stephen back here when he has helped you take the girl
  back to the infirmary, he will drive me back." With that he ushered us away.  
The brown robe Brother nodded and with a swift movement of his strong arms
  lifted me and draped me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. I gestured
  feebly at my clothes still on the floor but ignoring me Brother Stephen strode
  out following Sister Theresa. I lay limp, all the fight knocked out of me.
  My tummy was hurting, as was my face. We soon reached the infirmary and I was
  tossed on an empty bed. I curled up naked in a ball hugging my tummy, still
  feeling sick.  
"That will be all thank You Brother" the Sister said " I don't think we will
  have any more trouble from her and my assistant is on her way."  
He wished her goodnight and left. I lay trembling, knowing I was going to
  regret my outburst, wishing I had just obeyed and shoved the bloody bit of
  wood inside me. Slowly my sobs slowed and I lay quietly. Anna and the other
  girl seemed to be sleeping. I heard the infirmary door open and a soft voice
  ask " Sister, You rang for me ?"  
It was Caitlin and I felt a sudden lifting of my spirits. I looked up, my
  face tear streaked, my lip sore where it had been cut. I tried to smile at
  her, my belly still aching from being kicked. She was dressed in a long white
  nightdress, her head was bare and I saw her auburn short cut hair for the first
  time  
"Yes " snapped Sister Theresa "this idiot here decided to attack the Bishop,
  cut His cheek open so she did".  
"Gracious" said Caitlin horror-stricken "What on earth did she do that for
  and is the Monseigneur all right, should I attend Him?"  
"No need Caitlin " Sister answered waspishly " He has to return to the Residence
  and as to why this stupid girl attacked him, I have no idea but " here she
  looked at Caitlin coldly " you were supposed to prepare her and it appears
  you failed"  
I heard Caitlin gasp. "I did try Sister but I fear she is still very disorientated
  and I understand she was drugged before she arrived"  
"Humph " snorted the Sister " be that as it may the Bishop is extremely angry
  and has ordered Phillipa punished harshly. No sedation either so she will have
  to just suffer unaided.  
"Yes Sister " I heard a slight catch in Caitlin's voice " what do you plan
  for her?"  
" A caning now, two days in the pit with no food or drink as a start, then
  regular beatings and conditioning in humility and obedience. Subject to her
  progress we will see. She is not to be permanently scarred of course and Monseigneur
  wants her at confession next Saturday suitably repentant and docile"  
I lay there listening as if it were a dream, the reality of what was going
  be done to me slowly penetrating through my hurt and confusion. I whimpered
  and looked up at Sister Theresa and Miss Caitlin.  
"Please " I croaked " I am sorry, let me apologise to Monseugneur, I will
  do whatever he wants, please don't hurt me" I burst into tears again.  
Sister Theresa's voice was glacially cold " Too late, you will be punished
  Phillipa, you need pain to curb the lustful feelings in your body, you will
  be humiliated to curb your pride and you will be conditioned to obey and serve"  
She snapped at Cailtlin, "as you were responsible you will make the back
  for her caning, instruct her in the procedure while I go and find Father Whippy" She
  stamped down to the end of the room and disappeared through a door into the
  punishment room.  
Caitlin reached down, grabbed my hand and hauled me to my feet. "I had just
  showered and was getting ready for bed when the alarm sounded girl, what on
  earth possessed you to attack the Bishop?"  
Sobbing I started to explain. Caitlin cut me short " you stupid stupid girl,
  what did I tell you??  
I nodded, tears flooding down my face.  
"Ok " said Cailtin "we don't have long, remember what I tell you now and
  do it girl or you will be caned till you pass out".  
I sniffed back my tears and listened wide-eyed, shaking with fear. I looked
  at her and saw her green eyes full of sadness and concern.  
"Father Whippy is the cane Sister will use on you" she started to explain "when
  she puts it to your mouth kiss it. After each stroke say "that is one, or two
  or whatever number it is and add "thank you Sister".  
She shook me "Do you understand- its very important" she hissed.  
Weakly I nodded " will it hurt very much" I asked, "will she cane my breasts
  like Anna's ?"  
She sighed and looked at me, " Not your breasts Phillipa, you are too young
  for that. It will be on your bottom and yes Phillipa it will hurt but I will
  be holding you so do what I have told you and you will get through it. Also
  try not to tense your buttocks, try and relax, that will lessen the hurt a
  little. Now put your arms out in front of you grasp your wrists tightly and
  put them round my neck".  
As I was doing this Sister returned flexing a long thin cane in her hands. "Get
  her ready and make sure you take position to ensure the cameras record everything.
  I am sure Monseingneur will want to see this" she snapped at Caitlin.  
I stretched out my bare arms, grasping my wrists. Caitlin turned her back
  to me, dipped a little as she was some 7 inches taller. She reached behind
  her took my arms and placed them round her neck, her hands under my forearms
  gripping tightly. She leaned forward a little and straightened up to her full
  height. This lifted my feet from the floor and pulled me forward so I rested
  against her back. My naked body curved as it moulded against her. I was aware
  of the firmness of her body under her nightgown. She moved to the centre of
  the room carrying me easily on her back.  
Sister Theresa stepped towards my face and placed the cane edgeways against
  my mouth. I closed my eyes and swallowing softly kissed the thin hard wood.
  She stepped back and to the side. Caitlin's grip under my forearms tightened
  and I could feel her body trembling a little as she braced herself, her legs
  slightly parting. Despite my fear, no not fear, my absolute blinding terror,
  I was still aware of my naked body pressed against hers; my breasts flattened
  against her shoulders, my mound crushed against the upper swell of her buttocks.  
"A little higher please Caitlin " I heard the Sister speak. "  
Caitlin bowed a fraction more and my bottom was raised. I squeezed my legs
  together dreading the cane catching my sex.  
"Good" said Sister " that's perfect " a nice pert bottom for Father Whippy
  to enjoy.  
I squeezed my eyes shut and braced myself. I heard the hiss of the cane through
  the air and then my whole world exploded in surge of the most excruciating
  pain. A lance of fire seared across my buttocks, sending shock waves shuddering
  through me. I pressed my face against Caitlin's neck screaming in agony. My
  legs kicking wildly, I writhed on her back. Her hands tightened holding my
  arms to her, her fingers squeezing as if to relieve some of the hurt.  
Slowly the intensity of the pain lessened slightly. It felt so hot, as if
  a line of fire had been painted across my buttocks. Shuddering I lay panting
  on Caitlin's back. I heard her whisper hoarsely " don't forget what to say".  
Choking back my sobs I grunted " That was one, thank You Sister"  
"Two inches higher please Caitlin" Sister's voice was calm "Father Whippy
  doesn't want to kiss where he has been before".  
Caitlin bowed a fraction lower raising my bottom. I made myself relax and
  drape against her. Her fingers stroked my arms in comfort it seemed as her
  strong hands and arms held me.  
Again the hiss as  the cane whistled through the air.
  I jerked and screamed as it bit deeply into my buttocks just under the previous
  blow. The pain was only fractionally less intense. Caitlin, under me, staggered
  a little then gripped my arms fiercely as I tried to let go and slide off her
  back. I shrieked, my throat sore as the cruel cane tore howls of anguish from
  my body. My heart was pounding so hard shaking me from head to foot. Her nightdress
  under my face was soaked with my tears. I bit down hard on the material. I
  could no longer think of anything but my pain, it overwhelmed me, blotting
  out everything else.  
Caitlin's voice whispered at me urgently through the red pain filled mist
  that clouded my mind  
"Count and thank Phillipa".  
I lifted my head and groaned "that was two, thank You Sister".  
Her voice seemed to come from faraway "Good girl; Father Whippy is loving
  your arse Phillipa, Just a little higher Caitlin" she purred.  
I felt Caitlin shift slightly and I dropped my head. Again I heard the dreaded hiss  .  
The cane bit hard into a new part of my abused bottom. Again the lance of
  fire tore through me, I could no longer scream, my throat was raw and sore.
  I felt myself slipping away, I wanted to slip into unconsciousness, slip into
  darkness, anything to escape the pain filled reality of my world. My body felt
  numb apart from my buttocks which were a mass of fiery agony.  
I couldn't take much more of this I knew. From somewhere I remembered and
  through my bleeding bitten lips I sobbed "That was three, thank You Sister"  
Caitlin's hands held me tighter as if she sensed how close I was to losing
  it completely. I had no more tears left to cry. I buried my head against her
  neck as she raised me a little higher.  
"Very good Caitlin" the Punishment Sister panted softly "As Phillipa is obviously
  unused to corporal punishment and has been so good this will be the last for
  now. Father Whippy has picked out a special place for his goodnight kiss. He
  likes to finish at that lovely tender spot where thighs dimple into the swell
  of buttocks".  
I felt the cane touching me on the underside of my buttock cheeks at the
  top of my thighs. She pressed it firmly as if marking the exact spot. I gritted
  my teeth, the knowledge that this was to be the last gave me courage and I
  hugged Caitlin's neck tight. I heard the hiss   again
  and bit my lower lip hard tasting my blood.  
The cane struck me with such ferocity that I felt Caitlin stagger under me
  as I screeched in agony. This hurt more than any of the others. My legs jumped
  compulsively as the pain sliced into my tender flesh. I jerked and bucked;
  screaming at the top of my lungs, my head dropped back and my whole body spasmed,
  muscles locked. I would have slipped off had not Caitlin's strong arms gripped
  me tight pinning me to her back. My buttocks were shuddering in agony as the
  abused nerve endings sent messages of outrage and pain to my brain.  
Slowly Caitlin released my arms and I slid to the floor, my legs too weak
  to support me. Tears were streaming down my face; I licked my lips tasting
  the salt and the coppery taste of my blood. My buttocks pulsed, the skin hot
  and tight, the last strike had been wicked and cruel. I slumped on floor, curled
  up, sobbing. Sister leaned down and pushed the cane against my bruised mouth.
  I groaned softly, I wanted to bite the cane, to destroy it for hurting me so
  but remembering, I just kissed it, leaving a trace of blood from my lips to
  mark the wood.  
"That was four, thank You Sister" I sobbed, my throat scratchy and sore.  
She looked at me and smiled coldly " well-done girl ". Then she straightened
  up and snapped at Caitlin, "Put her in the pit while I mark up the punishment
  book"  
Caitlin took my hands and slowly pulled me to my feet. Even the smallest
  movement sent waves of pain through me. The skin on my bottom was stretched
  tight; even clenching my buttocks was agony.  
"Shall I cream her buttocks first ?" Caitlin asked, her voice strained.  
I looked up as I lay curled up whimpering on the floor.  
"No Caitlin" Sister's voice was quite sharp. "No sedation and no pain relief,
  you heard the Bishop's wishes." Her voice then changed in timbre as she asked
  sharply "I hope you are not developing feelings for the girl Caitlin?"  
"No Sister " she replied " I was merely concerned as to scarring, but" ;
  here she stopped and gripping my hair tightly, stood me straight and dropped
  her other to my pain seared bottom.  
"You have certainly marked her well Sister. No cuts but some exquisite stripes".
  As she finished her hand closed round one of my cheeks, gripping it hard, fingers
  cruelly pinching a welt. I jerked and screamed at the sudden stab of pain.  
Sister Theresa laughed softly, "Good girl Caitlin but we do have another
  slight problem; it seems Phillipa has trouble with her bladder".  
She pointed to the floor, a small puddle of liquid pooled there on the tiles.&quot; I
  think the slut has peed and from the dampness on the back of your nightdress
  it isn't the first time.  
I flushed with shame. I had not realised I had lost some control of my bladder
  whilst being caned. Caitlin pulled at my hair forcing my head back.  
"Naughty dirty girl" she hissed "perhaps we should fit you with a catheter
  in future"  
I felt such despair, so alone and betrayed, even Caitlin who I thought liked
  me and would befriend me had turned against me.  
"Should we get the dirty girl to lick the floor clean?" she asked the Sister.  
"That would certainly be entertaining " Sister Theresa answered "especially
  for our viewers, a nice red welted arse high in the air as she licks up her
  piss on all fours, but", she paused " we haven't time now, get her into the
  pit and one of your penitent girls can clean it up tomorrow. Its time lights
  were out and you bedded your dormitory down for the night. I will see to the
  two girls here and then bolt Phillipa in for the night"  
With that, Caitlin half carried, half dragged me down the room to the door
  leading to the punishment room...............  
Chapter 4   
   
 The Pit   
I was only dimly aware of being dragged into the punishment room. My whole
  body ached, my scalp sore, tummy still throbbing from where I had been kicked
  and my bottom a mass of pulsing pain. But worse than this, worse than all my
  cuts and bruises was the gut wrenching, heart sickening realisation that Caitlin
  had turned against me. I wished I could fold up and die, what little spark
  of hope that had sustained me had been crushed as surely as her cruel fingers
  had crushed the welts on my bottom.  
I couldn't cry anymore, I no longer cared what happened to me, I sank into
  the blackest of despair, my abused body limp. I just wanted this all to end.  
I felt Caitlin lower me to the tiled floor and I lay unmoving where she left
  me. I heard the sound of metal squeaking. Wearily, my breath rasping in my
  throat, I turned a little to ease the pressure on my bruised bottom.  
&quot;Phillipa&quot;, I heard her soft voice as if from far away. I clamped
  my lips shut, my tear-filled eyes closed, wishing I could close my ears as
  well.  
&quot;Phillipa&quot; her voice was louder and harsher. &quot;Open your eyes&quot; she
  snapped &quot;don't pass out on me now&quot;  
Wearily I opened my encrusted eyes. She was bending down over me, behind
  her I could see a shiny metal grille raised at right angles from the tiles.  
&quot;I have to put you in the pit little one &quot; she whispered &quot;it
  would be easier and better for you if you cooperate&quot;.  
She picked me up under my arms and helped me to my feet. She half-carried
  me a few steps towards the metal grille. I groaned as I saw it was actually
  a hinged grating with a thick iron frame and cross bars into the middle of
  which was set a small round hoop. The spaces between the bars were covered
  with a fine metal grille. It was about three-foot square and was the lid for
  Perspex type metal framed box buried in the floor, some three foot deep.  
&quot; Come here and sit on the edge Phillipa&quot; Caitlin instructed "and
  I will lower you in&quot;. I whimpered a weary protest, it looked so small
  but my spirit utterly broken I did as she said. I winced as I sat on my bottom,
  legs dangling over the empty box, though the cool tiles did provide some relief
  for my hot abused skin. She carefully placed her hands under my arms and eased
  me down.  
The thick plastic was cold and I slowly folded at the knees till I was squatting
  on the floor; my back pressed against one wall, sitting on my haunches; feet
  flat and knees raised in front of me. There wasn't enough room to stretch them
  out very far. I folded my arms round my legs and rested my head on my knees.
  I leant forward so as to ease the pressure on my throbbing buttocks.  
&quot;Keep your head down girl &quot; Caitlin instructed as she lowered the
  grilled lid till I heard it clang softly as it closed. I heard the sound of
  metal rasping on metal and looked up briefly. The grille just above my head
  was a series of crisscrossed thin bars letting in light and sound. The apertures
  were quite small however; not quite a finger width wide but at least the light
  could filter down. I was slightly claustrophobic and I gritted my teeth trying
  not to panic.  
I heard steps on the tiles and a shadow fell across the grille. It was Sister
  Theresa. I peered up.  
&quot;All bedded down I see &quot; she commented. &quot;Now lets get you
  secured and we can all get some sleep&quot;. With that I saw her stoop, a large
  padlock in her hands and I heard a clanging sound. She rose and slipped a key
  under her habit. I dropped my head back onto my knees, heard the sound of them
  leaving the room and then the room was plunged into darkness.  
The realisation that I was going to have to stay like this all night, in
  the dark, squatting naked in a plastic box set in the floor finally filtered
  through to my consciousness. I shivered, my head resting on my knees.  
I don't know how long I sat there cramped and cold. The silence was oppressive,
  the blackness covering me like a dark shroud. From time to time I tried to
  move as my muscles cramped. My aches and pains all melting together in one
  mass of hurt. I called out from time to time, more to hear my own voice, to
  relieve my terror than in the expectation of getting an answer.  
 A sudden pain from my bladder made me groan, I needed to pee but the thought
  of squatting here in my own urine made me shudder in horror. I didn't even
  want to consider the state of my bowels, that was too humiliating and gross
  to even think about.  
I had no idea of the passage of time. My misery measured by the pounding
  beats of my heart, the aching of my abused body. Whimpering with from time
  to time with despair, I crouched, imprisoned in my box, bruised and desolate.  
Suddenly I jerked up, something catching my attention. It was a soft brushing
  noise. Then I saw a faint light flickering across the grating over my head.
  A soft voice whispered,  
&quot;Phillipa, are you awake?&quot;. It was Caitlin.  
I shivered but I no longer cared about her, about anything and I pressed
  my lips together refusing to answer; her betrayal still hurting me so. A light
  shone down directly through the grating and I blinked at the sudden blinding
  whiteness, then covered my eyes with my trembling hands.  
&quot;Ahh &quot; she murmured softly &quot; you are awake&quot;. She moved
  the light so it shone across the grating and not in my eyes. &quot;I have to
  use a torch, I can't put the main lights on&quot; she said softly&quot; that
  will activate the CCTV but at least the surveillance system doesn't have sound&quot;  
 I nodded; lips dry and shifted uncomfortably on the hard cold plastic. Her
  shadow fell across the grill as she crouched closer.  
&quot;I am sorry I hurt you&quot; she whispered &quot;but if Sister thinks
  I have gone soft on you then she will hand you over to Aisha's care and she
  is really sadistic and seems to have taken a dislike to you. She is a psychopath
  and one of her charges last year tried to commit suicide.&quot;  
I groaned as I listened, remembering how nasty Aisha had been. I looked up
  at Caitlin and tried to smile &quot; It's ok&quot; I croaked &quot; just I
  am so bewildered at what is happening and &quot;, here I paused trying to collect
  my thoughts despite the pain and cold.  
&quot;I don't understand any of this Caitlin, why girls are beaten so savagely,
  why Priests are so vile and what you meant about Anna being sold and potential
  customers wanting to see me. I thought this was a convent school?&quot;  
I heard her sigh softly and she turned a little and sat close to the grille. &quot; Put
  your fingers to the mesh Phillipa and let me touch the tips while I explain&quot;.
  I raised my hand and pressed it against the mesh. I felt her warm fingertips
  just touching mine. She lowered her head close to the grille and her soft voice
  washed over me as she spoke.  
&quot;Joining part way through term meant you missed the introduction lectures
  so this all must be bewildering as well as frightening. First and foremost
  - yes it is a well-respected Convent School for girls. There are some two hundred
  ranging in age from thirteen to eighteen. It's exclusive and private. However &quot; here
  she paused and I heard a catch in her voice,  
&quot;There are also some thirty Penitent girls. These are girls, up to 16
  in age with no families or who are considered troublesome. The Monseigneur
  and Mother Superior select about eight each year. They take girls at thirteen
  from either the orphanage they run or from Care Homes. Occasionally they accept
  girls whose families want to dump them somewhere as being a problem. They are
  conditioned and trained, by various means, some of which you have experienced.&quot; Here
  she paused and pushed her fingers hard against the mesh so the pads pressed
  against mine. I was shivering as I listened to this horror.  
&quot;What happens to them&quot; I asked &quot;what are they trained for?&quot;  
&quot;They are trained to serve &quot; she muttered, her voice low, &quot;trained
  as slaves, indoctrinated and humiliated, beaten, tortured and cowed till they
  have been broken.&quot;  
&quot;But why ?&quot; I asked, my voice faltering.  
&quot;For money &quot; she groaned &quot; or as a source of docile servants
  for the Church.  
I gulped, not able to credit what I was hearing. I had heard about white
  slavery, girls kidnapped or tricked into prostitution but this was a Catholic
  School! I shook my head unbelievingly.  
&quot;I still don't understand&quot; I wailed it can't happen here&quot;  
&quot;It can and does&quot; She answered her voice breaking, &quot;Has been
  for many many years, its highly organised and very efficient. Who cares about
  what happens to problem girls, they can just be made to disappear. If anyone
  ever bothers to check then they are told the girl has found a vocation here
  or abroad as a Nun. It's a closed order and who is going to dispute what a
  Bishop and Mother Superior say?&quot;  
&quot;But&quot; I objected &quot; surely the other girls, nuns, someone must
  know what's happening&quot;?  
&quot;Some may&quot; she said &quot; but most just mind their own business.
  It's easy for Nuns who ask too many questions to be shipped out to less desirable
  locations. You need to understand just how powerful the Hierarchy is here.
  They control everything&quot;.  
I groaned as I listened quietly my despair deepening with every word she
  spoke.  
&quot;And whom would they tell? &quot; She continued, &quot;who would believe
  them when the place is under the control and protection of a respected Bishop,
  a revered Mother Superior. They just have to say the girl is on drugs, mentally
  unstable.  
 Anyway &quot; she continued &quot; they pick key staff to conduct the filthy
  business who have their own secrets to hide and their own perversions to indulge.
  This is a closed Society; people don't want to rock the boat. Some, like Father
  Ignatius who you met earlier, are perverts and enjoy it. You have yet to meet
  some of the Lay Brothers, many have a violent or sexual history. It's a good
  place for the Church to dump problem clerics. The Bishop carefully recruits
  staff who can indulge their own &quot;pleasures&quot; and won't divulge secrets.  
I groaned and dropped my hand to my knees and bent my head in despair. &quot; It's
  still incredible&quot; I whispered.  
&quot;Is that what you meant about Anna being bought and paid for? &quot;My
  voice trembled.  
&quot;Yes &quot; said Caitlin softly; &quot; She was optioned two years ago
  by a wealthy Japanese couple, when she is sixteen she will be shipped off to
  them. The price was $200,000 I believe&quot;.  
&quot;Two hundred thousand dollars &quot; I exclaimed???  
Caitlin nodded &quot;Don't forget the Purchaser gets a young girl, suitably
  trained if required, with no history, no family to worry about, and untraceable.
  There are many willing to pay that for young pretty girl who they get to own
  utterly. When they are done with her she may still have a value for onward
  sale somewhere&quot;.  
&quot;If a girl lasts say 30 years till her mid 40's- as a sex toy, slave
  or servant that's only six thousand dollars a year- cheap by anyone's standards.  
I sat there in that small plastic box, naked and shivering, hurting and terrified.
  I lifted my head and asked softly, my voice shaking,  
&quot; They said this was only till I was 16. My Aunt and Dad know where
  I am.&quot;  
&quot;Sure&quot; she said &quot; and it was your Aunt who committed you here.
  If in time they get told you have found a vocation here and wish to enter the
  Order then that's it. Their potential problem is solved. Your file says you
  have a large inheritance so no doubt your family and the Convent will split
  that as well&quot;.  
I shivered as the enormity of my predicament struck me.  
&quot;What will happen to me then&quot;, my voice shaking filled with terror.  
&quot;They will video and film you, making a complete record of all that
  happens to you here. Those pictures, films and videos of the penitent girls
  are worth a fortune to pornographic and BDSM web sites. They will train and
  condition you, physically and psychologically, if they receive an offer for
  you, which they almost certainly will, then they may also channel your training
  to whatever particular aspect of slavery and perversion your ultimate Owner
  requires.&quot;  
I heard the catch in her voice and despite all that had happened to me, despite
  all my hurt and confusion I felt a twinge of concern for her.  
&quot;Were you a penitent girl &quot; I asked softly not wanting to hear
  any more about my probable fate.  
&quot;Yes&quot; she said, &quot; I was brought here from the Orphanage some
  six years ago.  
&quot;But you are still here&quot; I looked up at her and asked &quot; Weren't
  you sold?&quot;  
She didn't answer but moved the torch to the other side of the grille so
  it shone across and on her. She turned her back and sitting on the edge of
  the grille leant backwards a little so I could see her back. She slowly slipped
  her nightgown off her shoulders and down to her waist. Her back was bare and
  I gasped in horror.  
 Her whole back from her shoulder blades down to her waist was scarred. Deep
  ugly scars that pitted her flesh. She turned slightly. I gasped again as I
  saw a wicked scar curling round from her back to her right breast. It was so
  deep that the flesh was puckered and yellowish. Her breast was disfigured;
  the scar ran as far as her nipple distorting the shape of her breast.  
Quickly she covered herself and turned leaning over the grille. Her green
  eyes were moist as she looked at me and whispered.  
&quot;Who would want me Phillipa, disfigured and ugly as I am?&quot;  
&quot; Oh my god &quot; My voice shook &quot; what happened?&quot;  
&quot;I tried to escape &quot; she muttered &quot; and was captured by the
  some of the Lay Brothers. They used me and then whipped me, too enthusiastically
  as it turned out, then returned me here&quot;.  
&quot;But &quot;she continued &quot; I had the option of staying here as
  a novitiate and am training as a medical assistant. Penitent girls who aren't
  sold by the age of sixteen are kept till eighteen and then either passed on
  to become housekeepers to Parish priests or taken into service here or abroad
  in one of the other organisations run by the Bishop.  
Its not too bad&quot; she continued &quot; food and a roof over your head,
  a sheltered life, plenty of opportunities for sport or cultural pursuits. Outside
  I would have nothing&quot;  
I nodded slowly trying to digest all this, trying to understand.  
They won't sell me yet then&quot; I asked my voice quivering?  
&quot;No&quot; she replied &quot; you may be optioned but invariably girls
  are kept here till sixteen.  
&quot;So&quot; she continued a slight catch in her voice &quot; I am lucky
  really &quot; I had been optioned to a Middle Eastern Sheik so God knows how
  and where I would have ended up. Monseigneur was furious with the Brothers
  responsible of course. That whipping hurt His pocket almost as much as it hurt
  me. No one wants an ugly slave!&quot;  
I reached up a trembling hand and pressed my fingers hard against the grille. &quot;I
  don't think you are ugly &quot; I whispered. She looked at me and smiled softly
  and pressed her hand to the metal lid and our fingertips touched. The diffused
  light from the torch softening the contours of her face.  
I shivered, not from cold, which I was; not from hurt, and I was hurting;
  but because a warm feeling suddenly lifted my heart.  
&quot; I have to go before I am missed&quot; she said &quot;be brave little
  one, I will try and slip you some water tomorrow but I will not be able to
  get anything for you to eat. The lid is bolted down and only Sister Theresa
  has the key. Try and remember if I have to hurt you over the next five days
  I will have no choice and it will hurt me also!&quot;  
She lifted her hand briefly, pressed her fingertips to her lips and pressed
  them one last time against the grille. I did the same feeling the warm moistness
  of her kiss on my fingertips.  
She rose and I heard the soft pattering of her feet as the light from her
  torch gradually faded away.  
I kept my fingers pressed against the grille for ages, all she had told me
  swirling round inside my head. I shuddered and dropped my hand; curled my arms
  round my knees and wept; my tears coating my bare knees as I wearily rested
  my head. There was still lots I didn't understand, didn't yet believe but I
  was too tired and hurt to think.  
All through that long dark night I squatted in that horrid box. I dozed a
  little but then the aches in my legs and my haunches would wake me. My bottom
  throbbed where I had been caned. I felt so thirsty.  
I had no idea of how long passed or what the time was but suddenly I was
  aware of light shining brightly over my head. I blinked and eased my aching
  stiff body. My lips were dry and cracked and my throat hurt.  
I heard soft footsteps on the tiled floor and raised my head looking up through
  the grille.  
&quot;Caitlin?&quot;, my voice croaked as I saw a white robe towering over
  the grating.  
&quot;Caitlin, Caitlin? &quot; A familiar but unwelcome voice asked, &quot;Who
  is Caitlin pinkie girl?&quot;  
Shuddering, recognising the harsh voice of Aisha, I shielded my eyes from
  the blinding light streaming in through the grating.  
&quot;Do you mean MISS Caitlin?&quot; Her voice was mocking, &quot;That's
  very familiar of you pinkie&quot; she hissed.  
&quot;Has MISS Caitlin been sniffing round you pinkie?&quot;  
I gulped and shook my head &quot;No Miss Aisha &quot; I croaked through my
  dry bruised lips.  
&quot;Never no mind &quot; she almost chortled &quot; MISS Caitlin is going
  to be busy for a few days, but you are soooooo lucky as you have me to keep
  an eye on you&quot;.  
My heart dropped, I felt a wash of despair flooding through me at the thought
  of Caitlin not being here.  
&quot;Time to get up &quot; she chuckled.  
I blinked; perhaps they were going to let me out after all I thought? My
  spirits lifted a little, I would do anything to get out. I wanted to pee so
  badly my stomach ached; the thought of being able to stretch my aching cramped
  muscles was so welcome.  
I heard the sound of what seemed like an engine and squinting I peered up
  through the grating. It was hard to make make out what was happening. I saw
  what appeared to be a chain with a large hook on the end descending from the
  ceiling above the grating. Flinching as it clanged on the metal lid, I watched,
  puzzled as a pair of dark brown hands lifts the heavy hook up. The chain above
  went taut the engine whine increasing and I screamed as I felt my prison box
  being lifted. I jammed my arms and feet against the thick plastic walls as
  I realised the purpose of the round hoop I had seen on the lid last night.  
Slowly the box was lifted with me inside panting with fear, my body rigid.
  The walls cleared the side of the pit and I squeezed my eyes shut as the light
  flooded in on all sides through the clear plastic. The noise stopped and my
  prison rocked a little. I opened my eyes slowly; my arms and feet still jammed
  against the walls. The box was suspended gently swinging about five-foot in
  the air over the pit. My head at the same level as Aisha's smiling face peering
  at me through the clear walls.  
&quot;So &quot; she grinned evilly &quot;now you are up pinkie. How does
  it feel?&quot;  
I looked at her face, biting my lips. I felt nauseous as if from vertigo.
  It was frightening suspended in a clear walled box swaying gently, high off
  the ground.  
&quot; Sorry about the absence of breakfast&quot; she chuckled &quot;but
  it seems our little pinkie has been very very naughty, so nothing to eat or
  drink.&quot; She almost cackled and I remembered with horror Caitlin's assessment
  of her. Her dark brown eyes were hard and dilated and I wondered if she was
  on drugs.  
&quot;Now &quot; she muttered &quot; let's see, where were we last night?
  Oh I remember&quot; she continued obviously not expecting an answer &quot;I
  was going to check if you had a cunny or a cocky to go with those pitifully
  small tits&quot; With this she slowly circled the box, eyes glittering.  
 I pressed my legs together my arms wrapped round my knees. She made a full
  circle and then grinned wickedly &quot;what you hiding pinkie &quot; she almost
  giggled. &quot; If you don't spread your arms and your legs more I will have
  to rock you a little and you wont like that&quot;. With this she pushed the
  box and I squealed as it tipped. My raw buttocks screamed in protest as they
  slid against the hard plastic.  
&quot;Please stop&quot; I gabbled. Red faced and feeling sick I hastily pushed
  my arms out as far as I could, spreading my thighs, bracing my body.  
 She stopped the swinging box and stared at my nakedness through the walls.  
&quot;I see your titties still haven't grown&quot; she laughed &quot; and
  your little cunt looks all lonely. Didn't it get to feel Daddy's cock &quot; she
  asked mockingly? &quot;Perhaps Caitlin had plans for it, too bad she isn't
  around!&quot;  
I squatted uncomfortable, displayed to her mocking gaze, my teeth biting
  into my bottom lip, knowing it would be dangerous to respond to her taunts.  
At the periphery on my vision I saw the glass windowed door that led to the
  shower/examination room open. A tall brown robed figure carrying a naked girl
  over his shoulder entered. Aisha turned her attention from me and smiled at
  the newcomer.  
 &quot;Good morning Brother David&quot; she cooed. &quot; How are you this
  fine morning and what have you there&quot;. She pointed at the naked girl who
  was hanging limply over his broad shoulder. As he approached I could see her
  naked legs, thighs and bottom covered in blotches, bruises and welts.  
&quot;Top of the morning to you Aisha&quot; a pleasant male voice answered
  in a lilting Irish brogue.&quot;This is your Emma who needs your tender attention&quot;.
  I sneaked a look at him as I folded my arms back across my chest and closed
  my thighs. He was quite tall with a shock of jet-black slightly curly hair
  that draped down a little over his broad forehead. His eyes were deep blue
  and he had an infectious smile, dimpled cheeks and chin. He looked about 30
  and was very &quot;fit&quot;.  
&quot;Oh Emma is it&quot; Aisha's voice was suddenly harsh &quot; and what's
  the problem?&quot;  
&quot;The problem dear Miss Aisha &quot; he replied &quot; is that she is
  useless. It was like fucking a bag of wet spaghetti&quot;.  
I flinched; still not accustomed to how casually and easily they swore here.  
&quot;Indeed &quot; said Aisha tartly &quot; well I will have to attend to
  that then. &quot;Can't have the Brothers not enjoying their weekly orgy. How
  were the other two&quot; she enquired solicitously?  
&quot;Excellent &quot; He chuckled, &quot;especially that Emily. She has
  the most amazing cunt control. I swear she could milk the sap from a dried
  twig&quot;. He laughed at his own metaphor. &quot;The two girls are showering
  and should be ready for classes in time. But this one offered no sport at all.
  It's boring after a while getting no response. Even skull fucking loses its
  appeal when the girl is virtually comatose&quot;  
With that he deposited Emma on the table with little regard for her welfare
  and turned to look at me.  
&quot;Sooooo&quot; he drawled &quot; and what do we have here&quot;? He stepped
  closer to my box and peered at me through the wall.&quot; A pretty little caged
  bird&quot; he grinned at me mockingly.  
&quot;This is Phillipa&quot; Aisha retorted. &quot; The newly arrived girl
  who attacked Monseigneur&quot;.  
&quot;To be sure&quot; he laughed &quot;so this is the little firebrand that
  has been the talk of the Residence? He cocked a thick eyebrow as his eyes wandered
  over me. &quot;She looks perfectly docile to me. How old is she &quot; he asked
  turning to Aisha &quot; ten or eleven?&quot;.  
&quot;Just thirteen according to her file&quot; retorted Aisha &quot; but
  I agree she looks very young&quot;.  
He turned back, &quot; spread your arms and thighs little birdie &quot; he
  said &quot;let the rat see the cheese&quot;. He guffawed as his eyes danced
  over me. I flinched and looked at Aisha.She looked at me menacingly and made
  as if to rock the box again.  
Reluctantly but dreading being shunted around again I slowly spread my arms
  and legs.  
&quot;Hmmmm&quot; he murmured &quot; sweet sweet young cunt-meat. I want
  some of that&quot;.  
Aisha snorted &quot;No way Brother, you know the rules, she is still under
  age for general use and is due to be set up for the Option Auction. She has
  a week of punishment due and then another appointment with the Bishop&quot;  
&quot; Pity &quot; the Brother replied his lascivious eyes raking me.&quot; So
  she hasn't been cock trained yet &quot; he said?  
Aisha did one of her silly giggles &quot;No, not yet, still a virgin apparently,
  she has yet to meet Brother Daniel and to receive the attentions of Father
  Ignatius&quot;  
&quot;Raise her a little higher&quot; commanded, his voice thick &quot; Let's
  at least get a good look at her arse and cunt&quot;  
At that Aisha pressed some controls and my box was slowly winched up to just
  above the height of his head. Then Aisha made it swing out a little till it
  was no longer over the pit. I gasped the movement of the box making my vertigo
  worse.  
Brother David stepped under the box. A knocking under me made me glance down
  between my spread legs. I saw his his face leering up at me. He licked his
  lips slowly and suggestively bent his dark head back and pressed his mouth
  to the glass beneath me. He licked the glass and then moved his face forward
  till it disappeared under me, tongue still extended.  
He mumbled something that I couldn't hear. Aisha leaned nearer the top of
  the box and hissed&quot; He wants you to slide your hands down to your cunt-lips
  pinkie and spread them wide&quot;  
I gulped but not wanting to antagonise her I slid my hands down between my
  splayed thighs. Slowly I peeled back my labia knowing he could now see my inner
  lips and the soft red flesh at the entrance to my vagina.  
Despite how tired, sore and thirsty I felt, despite the humiliation and embarrassment
  of my position I felt a thrill of excitement at being displayed like this so
  close to a man's eyes and tongue. I knew I was safe from him in the box so
  I spread myself as wide as I could, lifting a little from the floor showing
  him my welted red bottom as well.  
Red faced at my actions I quickly squatted again and raised my hands, placing
  them back on my knees. His smiling face appeared at the side of the wall and
  he grinned at me as Aisha slowly lowered the hoist to eye level again.  
&quot;Very pretty girl&quot; he smiled, his blue eyes dancing &quot;A cunt
  to sigh for&quot; he chortled,&quot;and a virgin red striped arse to plunder
  I warrant&quot;  
With that he swatted Aisha on the bottom and left.  
Aisha manoeuvred the hoist and lowered the box back into the pit. &quot;I
  have duties to attend to pinkie &quot; she snapped &quot;See you later&quot;.  
Hastily I pleaded, &quot; could I have a drink please Miss&quot;?  
She ignored my entreaty and, her robes rustling, she walked out of my sight.  
Embarrassed at how I had felt, hating the tingle of excitement that had snaked
  through my body as I sat exposed so close to His mouth and eyes, I slumped
  back into my plastic prison buried in the floor....  
To be continued..  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pippa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





