BDSM Library - Housebound




Housebound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mike is surprised at home by a female burglar.Housebound  
Mike came home after another rough day at the office. He lived in a middle
  class neighborhood, a 1-1/2 story ranch-style house built in the 60s. He worked
  as an accountant for one of the city's larger law firms and made good money.
  But Mike lived well below his means. He was, well, frugal in his spending habits.
  He was saving money for his next home, when he hoped by then he would have
  a wife (or at least a girlfriend) to share his nest egg. He had his eye on
  a couple of hotties in the firm: one was a young lawyer just out of school
  currently studying for the bar exam, the other was the assistant Human Resources
  manager.  
Mike was 5'10" tall, around 170 lbs. He was built sturdy not muscular, but
  his body was what many women would consider good. He was a rather plain-looking
  man, and in his experience, looks do seem to matter to women; at least when
  it came to getting their attention. So his strategy was to attract with his
  wallet rather than his face &ndash; he was working on it.  
Tamiqa lived a couple of blocks away, in the same general neighborhood. She
  lived in a small apartment with a college-girl roommate. Tamiqa was thin, 5'7" tall
  but with a round butt and C&ndash;cup breasts. No one called her beautiful,
  but her figure looked great in just about anything she wore. Tamiqa had a job,
  lunch shift manager at the local fast food joint. She worked 8 &ndash; 4, it
  paid poorly but she got by. She 'got by' augmenting her income; she burglarized
  the surrounding neighborhoods. She was good, too. She never broke into a house
  with the owner inside. She never took anything that she couldn't easily carry
  out herself &ndash; she learned that from an ex-boyfriend, who was a burglar
  that took things needing a partner. He was now serving time because his partner
  in crime gave him up. She vowed not to be put in that position as long as she
  needed to steal for extra money.  
Tamiqa was careful when choosing a target. She had been watching Mike's house
  for a couple of weeks, noting when he left and what the house looked like when
  he was not home. He tended to put the light on over his sink and leave the
  light on his stairway when he was out. Tamiqa carried handcuffs and plastic
  ties wraps, just in case she was surprised by someone in residence. She could
  also punch &ndash; her brothers could verify that.  
This Friday night was starting really great, Mike thought sarcastically.
  He was too tired to even think about clubbing or bar crawling tonight. He figured
  he could eat a little something then up to bed and have some fun on Saturday.
  So he had a bit of dinner, began to wash the dishes when the phone rang. A
  quick call from his mother made him forget the dishes and then he started up
  the stairs to bed, leaving a light over the sink and the stairwell light on.  
Later that night, Tamiqa drove past Mike's house and saw the telltale signs
  that he was away. She pulled her car into his driveway and checked that the
  street was sufficiently empty so that no one noticed her presence. She sneaked
  around to the backyard window that she had previously pegged as her entry point
  and worked it open; the window quietly slid upwards.  
Tamiqa eased into the house, her vision was greatly enhanced by the lights
  left on. She began to look around and noticed the things in the house were
  of a better quality than normal for a house in this neighborhood. She had her
  eye on the big flat screen TV when she heard the toilet flush upstairs. Her
  heart skipped a beat as she pondered what to do; while she contemplated her
  next move she heard footsteps coming down the stairs. She immediately moved
  to the side of the stairs and crouched.  
Mike was a little thirsty and was coming down to get a glass of water. As
  he came down the last couple of steps he felt a draft &ndash; had he left the
  back door open? Mike took the final step onto the floor, turned to see a window
  open, and then his world went black as he briefly felt a pain to the side of
  his head.  
When the man stepped off the stairs, Tamiqa instinctively sprung into action,
  swinging her right fist with all her might and pounding the man into the top
  side of his head. He went down like a sack of potatoes. Now what? Tamiqa panicked
  a little. This was entirely new, encountering someone during a burglary. Well,
  she thought, that's what the plastic ties were for &ndash; some she pulled
  them out of her back pockets. She pulled the man by his arms into the kitchen,
  as she did so his underwear slowly dragged off until he was completely naked.
  Tamiqa smiled and thought perhaps she could have some fun with this.  
She quickly turned the male over and crossed his wrists, slipping a tie underneath
  the wrists and then pulling the tie closed. She did the same again but in a
  north-south direction to the other tie so that his wrists were effectively
  locked and immobile. Tamiqa then used the plastic ties to bind tightly his
  ankles in a similar crossed fashion, then linking a few ties together to strap
  his knees and thighs. She then took a tie to each of his arms just above the
  elbows and strapped them tight, but loose enough to be able to link the two
  ties with another, pulling his elbows back into a strict position. Tamiqa giggled
  to herself &ndash; she had come here to burglarize and has ended up with a
  trussed up naked male captive. She found a handball in the laundry room (this
  man plays rich man's sports, she thought to herself), along with some heavy
  duty clear packing tape. Tamiqa figured she knew what she could pack &ndash; she
  pushed the handball all the way into the helpless male's mouth and then peeled
  off length after length of strapping tape and wrapped it across his mouth and
  around his head until she was sure he was thoroughly gagged. She then grabbed
  a dark sock from the laundry basket and tied it around his eyes as a blindfold,
  wrapping the clear tape again and again until the eyes were encased in wool
  and plastic. She could now look around the house without hassle.  
Tamiqa went upstairs to survey the few rooms up there. As she opened his
  closet she heard a loud grunt. The 'man of the house' had awoken. She made
  her way downstairs and watched to see if she needed to amend any ties. He struggled
  and grunted but he was immobile and essentially mute and blind. He was very
  much tied and gagged &ndash; her first time tying up anyone. She didn't know
  she was so good at this.  
Mike woke up and knew immediately that he was in trouble. He felt tied up
  and the blindfold and gag were very effective &ndash; even hurt a little. He
  screamed loudly but could only hear a muffled sound and his mouth tasted of
  dirty rubber. He worked out that he was gagged with his own handball, probably
  with his own packing tape. He was well tied, probably the burglar was a professional.
  Then he felt he was naked &ndash; not a good sign, he thought. He tested his
  bonds but they didn't give. He rolled around to try to get into a standing
  position.  
Tamiqa saw him starting to inch his way up the wall to a standing position.
  She thought she'd had about enough of his movements for now. She walked over
  to his kitchen table, pulled out a chair and pushed it in the bound male's
  direction. She then roughly grabbed her captive's shoulders and twisted him
  until he was seated. Pulling his arms over the back of the chair she grabbed
  a few more plastic ties and linked them. She then looped one end of the linked
  ties through the ties over his crossed ankles, and then pulled hard to link
  his ankles to his crossed wrists. She pulled the other end of the linked ties
  through the wrist ties and her male prisoner was effectively hogtied while
  sitting upright in the kitchen chair. She pulled the ties very taut so that
  he literally could only move in a sideways manner.  
Mike was extremely uncomfortable in the new position he had been assigned
  by his captor. He squirmed and lunged but that only got the wrists in even
  more of a tight bind. He cried out in frustration and pain, but only a stifled
  moan escaped the tape wrapped and ball gagged mouth.  
Tamiqa was in control and she knew it. But in order to keep control and to
  kep the noise to a minimum, she decided her captive needed to be out of the
  way; so she tipped the chair up on its back and dragged the chair into the
  hall closet, where she worked the chair back and forth until he was in the
  closet and turned sideways. He jerked and bucked like a raging bull, she laughed.
  Well, she knew that to make bulls buck in rodeos they irritate them, so she
  took out a couple of plastic ties and tightly wrapped one around her prisoner's
  balls, making the scrotum engorge nearly to the point of bursting, she thought.
  She took the other tie and looped it around the base of his prick, pulling
  it tight enough that she had created a cock and ball ring setup. She thought
  the taut scrotum and deep purple dick head were beautiful but she needed to
  get work on the "house cleaning". Tamiqa gave him one last look &ndash; those
  thin, tiny pieces of plastic are strong enough to allow her to hold a fully-grown
  naked male captive. She gave him a hard finger thump on his throbbing cock
  and closed the closet door.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  whisky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





