BDSM Library - The Sacrifice




The Sacrifice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young married English woman participates as the willing victim in an ancient Hindu human sacrifice.
The Sacrifice

The days slipped Sally by in languid scented baths her smooth white body growing
sleeker and smoother nestling sensually against the flesh of her brown-skinned
companions who fed her sweet little things and laughed with her. The smell of
incense and the sound of gongs deep in the still night, lying naked on her small
wooden bed watching the blazing stars wheeling in the immense sky above her. 
The memory of a scream, long, anguished and unearthly; the reverberations in her
ears might wake her, heart beating hard.  The image of her dear, slightly
old-fashioned husband began to fade and she wondered how many of the three given
weeks had passed - was it last night or the night before she had been unable to
get a phone connection to England and had just walked away in her sandals and
sari leaving the instrument dangling from its cord.  A year and a half of
marriage.  Morning  mist rising from the valley.

You are very blessed the old lady told her on her arrival.  The Lord Horus will
make the sacrifice to the dark god only with you. She had lifted Sally's blond
hair and let it fall to her shoulders.  So pretty...

By the time the moon had become the thinnest sliver of a claw paring in the sky
Sally's body had surpassed prettiness. She glowed,  full of unexpected vital
energy.  The shaving of her pubic hair as well as the rest of it her armpits
legs yes she understood all that and submitted leisurely to it as she submitted
leisurely to the constant massaging of her breasts her back and her bottom which
made her gasp with pleasure that the girls tut-tutted about as they giggled and
kept on rubbing and kneading, but she had never until then thought of her
stomach as an erogenous zone.  The tummies of all the women received special
pampered attention.  She felt her own navel grow sensory endings she had never
dreamed of, and now as she walked down the endless stone corridors with her
escort of two younger Indian girls she saw that their togas had been arranged to
show off a little of their tummies, just below the navel, as if the navel were
such a holy part of the female anatomy that it needed protection and covering as
much as her breasts and vagina but could be suggested to excite the senses of a
watching man.

The two young women were dressed in pale grey robes, Sally's was sheer white
transparent so that every line of her body was visible even (she blushed) her
dark nipples and her navel through the gauze. They had left the porticoes which
opened to the night sky a while back and now through the darkness drew ever
nearer to a source of light at the end of the final stone corridor.  The slip
slipping of their sandals was the only sound, except, Sally thought, the beating
of her heart and the sound of her own breath.  What had the older lady given her
earlier?  She called it a pick-me-up; now that the moon had waned, my dear, you
will need all your strength when you meet Master Horus.  She felt
preternaturally awake and her senses sharp as razors: she was aware of each
movement as the soft silk caressed against her bottom and her stomach.

The girls slowed down, they gestured with their wrists to Sally to ease her pace
as they neared the light. Her eyes become accustomed to the glare.  The view of
Master Horus sitting upright on the edge of the huge divan bed nevertheless
startled her wearing as he was only a loincloth his strong brown body taut and
gleaming, one foot tucked beneath him, the other dangling negligently his sinewy
brown hand resting on his thighs, fingers curled in as his eyes caught her.

Sally could feel his eyes fall down her body her breasts in which she felt her
pulse quicken and her nipples stir, her tummy and her navel (oh!) down between
her shapely legs her knees to her pretty ankles, and then slowly inevitably back
up again pausing yet again at her navel, inspecting her hard nipples eyes
flicking from one to the other, up her throat, her face.  Her eyes met his at
last.  On the signal of a small dilation of his nostrils, she stepped forward
aware at that precise moment her two young escorts had started to retreat
quietly down the corridor, their function done.

He patted the bed beside him.

"Sit down here, my dear Sally, and remove the top of your toga."  Not a musical
voice, she decided, rather a trace of harshness overlay a deep bass, like a
tiger growling.  His English was perfect. She smiled politely as she had done at
a thousand tea-parties and undid the toga to her waist, showing off her breasts
and stomach and yes also her navel she blushed as she saw him inspecting it
closely.

Her plump bottom sat down cautiously on the bed beside him and she looked back
at Master Horus, hands folded on her lap, breasts pushed out a little in a way
that would have never done at a tea party there was more silence and she could
see that beneath his loincloth he was very erect and very excited.

"I'm glad you have come to join me tonight.  We have a very special sacrifice to
make before the dawn." He smiled and his teeth gleamed "But we have some hours
before then to get to know each other.  Show me yourself in a pose that would
excite your husband."

At the mention of his existence Sally's mouth went dry and her heart picked up
faster but keeping her eyes on Lord Horus she slowly rose and let the rest of
her toga slip off her body to the floor in a sigh of silk and stepping out of it
elegantly mounted the bed again, kneeling with her legs apart back arched tummy
protruding as if pregnant.  One hand touched her slightly open mouth and slowly
drifted down to cradle her breast for him the other slipped a finger between the
lips of her vagina and slowly trailed up her body to frame her navel between
thumb and forefinger. She held her breath.

He laughed. Harsh.  "I think not Sally but you have tried well and you are very
pretty in your English way.  Come here."

He undid his loincloth and she saw a very large penis pointing straight at her
to which she came down on all fours, her breasts dangling beneath her as she
approached his body like the victim she had become.  She felt his hands on
either side of her head lifting her up close to his face so she could see the
pores of his skin and straight into the compelling eyes but he pulled her down
and kissed her in the centre of her forehead on her little red caste-mark, and
then first gently on one cheekbone and then gently on the other finally bringing
her lips in line with his and she opened her lips a little as his lips touched
her and she felt his tongue entering her mouth as she opened her lips for him,
almost dizzy as she felt the softness of his touch over her breasts, down the
centre line to her navel, and then down to the start of the slit of her vagina,
and she closed her eyes and kept her lips open as he came back again, and
suddenly gasped and drew back as she felt a stab of pain on the aureola just
above her nipple.

She glanced at his fingers.  The softness must have been his finger tips she
decided.  His nails were long claws, like that of a feral animal, painted red
and green.  There was a small well of blood above her nipple where he had cut
her.  He smiled.  "A little blood has to be given and you are no longer a
virgin."  She nodded and bent down and touched his penis, bringing her lips
against it in a small chaste kiss as one may give a child  and then her tongue
licked out below the head and with a smooth practiced motion opened her lips and
drew the top of the penis into her mouth entirely.  It was large, it filled her
mouth to overflowing, and she pushed herself on it, holding it with one hand,
supporting herself with the other on the couch.  She heard his breath rasp
louder and began to move her head up and down in contrary motion to her hand her
tongue wriggling against the sensitive area on the bottom of the shaft.   The
dusky smell of his maleness...

He lifted her head off, none too gently.  "Enough Sally.  Lie down on your back
like an obedient Indian woman."  She looked at him with a stab of fear and lay
down obediently, arms spread out by her sides, her knees up and legs parted for
her Master.  Smear of blood against her breast.

His body was near hers, she felt the tip of the penis nuzzling against the folds
of her vagina "you know of course that the sacrifice we will perform ends in
your death, dear English Sally."  Yes, she had known that almost from the moment
she had arrived, yes she realised, but yes till now she had not wanted to say it
to herself.  The phone dangling on the end of its cord, unconnected, yes, her
body as sweet as it had never been.  "Yes..." she whispered and felt his penis
creep inside her, filling her up "you accept..." thrusting inside her "yes...
yes..." she whispered, her bare ring finger against her open lips, "yes..." the
unbearable delight of his penis inside her against the neck of her womb so deep
the sensation denied her all these weeks culminating in a glory of man the
beast.... "oh..." as she felt him slipping out of her raging hot loosing him
"oh?"

She saw him mount over her and suddenly she understood, pushing out her stomach
and the tip of his penis pushed into her navel, straight down she felt the
breath rush out of her and an infinite sweetness mingled with pain as he pushed
himself deeper and deeper inside her as if he was going to drive himself though
the centre of her being.  She felt his body stiffen as he began to pour copious
quantities of sperm over her stomach.  She gathered it up sticky in her fingers
and rubbed it over herself, her stomach, her breasts, down her body to her slit,
her hands travelled over her body of their own accord.  So wanton, a part of her
brain chided her... so wanton for your end... the thought of her death excited
her unbearably.  She saw him kneeling between her legs watching her and as she
slipped two wet fingers between her pussy lips she felt his clawed fingers on
her wrist.

"No" was all he said.  Sally felt herself on fire with sexual frenzy, a hunger
to be assuaged and a fury that she was to be denied. "It is time.  Come."  He
pulled her off the bed by her wrist and she scrambled tamely after him.

He took her by the upper arm and she followed him out of the room aware of his
claws in her soft flesh. Down a short corridor to a large cavern.  Small flames
on the walls gave a dim light.  In the centre was a Hindu god, in a carving
larger than lifesize.  She tried to understand the intricate twistings of limbs
but her eyes then fell on a low stone table set in front of it.

"Lie down flat on the table.  I want you to understand that I usually sacrifice
a young girl but the God requires you.  You are too large in your adult state to
lie across my knees.  Get down."

Sally walked naked to the low stone table, aware of the tension inside her
vagina, knowing these were the last steps she would take in this life.  She sat
down, and with one last look at the towering statue, lay down on her back, legs
slightly apart, arms at her sides, much as if she were to lie sunbathing at the
side of some innocent swimming pool.  She looked up at the vaulted roof of the
cavern where dark shadows chased.  Time passed. 

She felt coldness over a wrist. "Ssh... I'm chaining you loosely since your body
is strong... so you don't inadvertently deny the God..."  A clink of metal.  She
felt her other wrist chained, and then her legs pulled apart so she was
straddling the table, her vagina wide open, feet resting on the ground.  More
cold metal against her ankles.  Her hot open vagina pulsed unbearably with
desire which spread itself up her belly to her navel and up between her breasts. 
She sighed with frustration.

Horus now began a low chant in a language that sounded older than time.  Sally
listened to his voice, aware all of a sudden of the difference between herself,
what she was, and what purpose she was being put to.  The voice rose and fell,
telling the story of a terrible drama that made her shiver in apprehension.  At
first she began to loose her sexual desire, but then she found herself involved
in the tale of the struggle.  She longed for, she hoped against hope that good
triumphed she would easily have offered herself if her little body was of any
use and suddenly she felt the sharp claws of Lord Horus stab down into her
stomach at her navel and realised with gratitude that yes he had made it so.

"Yesssss...." she screamed as she felt his claws reaching inside her, ripping
her belly open she arched her hips up for him, her limbs spasming against the
chains as his claws burrowed deeper inside her, tearing her from her breastbone
to her vagina, pulling out her red and pulsing intestines, throwing them over
his shoulders as intense pain coursed through her body, as he clawed away at her
stomach cavity.... she screamed over and over again and now she felt a pounding
on her breast bone and a cracking as the bone gave way his sharp claws dug into
her body between her breasts, making them flop to either side as his scrabbling
hands reached under her ribs for her heart, which she felt squeezed tight and
then in the hazing mist in front of her eyes, drawn out of her body, talons
biting into the soft flesh of it, pulling it away in gouts of blood as darkness
began to settle around her.

She felt herself falling, endlessly falling head first through dark spaces and
realised with terror that the price of the victory of good was a pale young
married woman from another land who had somehow agreed to give her soul away to
the dark god for eternity.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michelle Byssom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





